Shelmalier or Shelmaliere (Irish: Síol Maoluír, from Old Irish Síl Máel Uidir, "Offspring of Bald Uidir") is an area in County Wexford, Ireland. It comprises two baronies, East Shelmaliere and West Shelmaliere.
The farmers of east Shelmalier were accustomed to shooting wild fowl on the North sloblands.
The area is mentioned in Patrick Joseph McCall's ballads Kelly the Boy from Killanne and Boolavogue.
Wexford, County Wexford
Baronies of County Wexford
5cm may refer to:
The 5 centimeters band, a radio frequency band in the United States
An imprint of Hong Kong clothing company I.T
5 Centimeters Per Second, a Japanese anime film
5 cm (film), an Indonesian film
The Lower Inn Valley Railway () is a two-track, electrified railway line that is one of the major lines of the Austrian railways. It was originally opened as the k.k. Nordtiroler Staatsbahn (Imperial and Royal North Tyrolean State Railway). It begins at the German border near the Austrian city of Kufstein as a continuation of the Rosenheim–Kufstein line and runs in a generally south-westerly direction through Tyrol along the Inn valley to Innsbruck. The line is part of the Line 1 of Trans-European Transport Networks (TEN-T). The line is owned and operated by Austrian Federal Railways (ÖBB).
History
Emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria had ordered its construction in 1853. The line was the first railway in western Austria, opened on 24 November 1858.
New line
In order to increase the capacity of the track and in preparation for the construction of the Brenner Base Tunnel a new high-capacity line has been built between Kundl1 junction and Fritzen-Wattens 1 junction (at Baumkirchen). It was opened on 9 December 2012 for scheduled traffic. The great majority of this line has been built in tunnel in order not to increase noise pollution in the Inn valley. The new route is designed for mixed traffic up to and is fitted with ETCS Level 2 signalling system. An extension of the new line from Kundl/Radfeld to Brannenburg is in the planning phase.
References
Railway lines in Austria
Railway lines opened in 1858
Buildings and structures in Tyrol (state)
Kyauktalon may refer to several places in Burma:
Kyauktalon, Bhamo
Kyauktalon, Indaw
Kyauktalon, Shwegu
In the Hawaiian religion, Wākea, the Sky father weds Papahānaumoku, the earth mother. The two are considered the parent couple of the ruling chiefs of Hawaii.
Wākea was the eldest son of Kahiko ("Ancient One"), who lived in Olalowaia.  They are the ancestor of the aliʻi (nobility of Hawaii), the ruling class that make up the aristocracy known as the noho ali‘i o Hawai‘i (ruling chiefs of Hawai‘i). Wākea is the grandson of Welaahilaninui. The priests and common people come from their brothers, one of whom was called Makuʻu.
Wākea means expansive space, zenith, or heaven and Papa means foundation or surface; together, they create a symbol of land and sky or heaven and earth. Departed souls were believed to travel to the home of Wākea. If they proved themselves pure, they would remain in their realm's comfort, but if otherwise they were sent to Lua-o-Milu.
Wākea's first high priest was called Komoawa.
When Wākea was on Earth in ancient times, they were a High Chief.
Consorts
In one legend, Wākea lives in Hihiku and marries Papahānaumoku, who is a princess of Olalo-i-mehani and a granddaughter of Princess Kaoupe-alii. The Hawaiian Islands were created by Wākea and Papahānaumoku. Their daughter was Hoʻohokukalani, who was a mother of Haloa by Wākea.
Family
In the genealogies, Wākea and Papahānaumoku are 37th in the Kumuhonua genealogy, and 28th in the Kumuʻuli. Kumuhonua, the ancestor of the Kumuhonua genealogy, was believed to be the first man in one tradition.
Together, Papahānaumoku and Wākea created Hawaii, Maui, Kauai, and Ho'ohokukalani.
After Wākea committed incest with their daughter, Ho'ohokukalani, they gave birth to Haloa-naka-lau-kapalili, meaning trembling long stalk. It was a stillborn baby, which they later planted and became the first kalo or taro, a staple of the Hawaiian diet. After Haloa-naka, Ho'ohokukalani gave birth to another child named Haloa, meaning long stalk, and they became the first kanaka or Hawaiian person.
The relationship between Haloa-naka and Haloa describes the balance of relationships between the land and the people that live in it. Haloa-naka, as the elder sibling, is responsible for the well-being of their younger siblings, that of which being Haloa. As Kalo, Haloa-naka upholds this by providing sustainance for the people, while the people take care of their older sibling by ensuring the life of the Kalo. Likewise, it is also inappropriate to argue in front of Kalo at any time as well as it is not allowed to argue in front of your older siblings, nor elders. Wākea also had an affair with Goddesses Hina and Ka'ula while Papa was in Kahiki to create the islands of Molokai and Lāna'i. Papa later returned and was aware of Wākea's affair, so they gained revenge by sleeping with Lua to create the island of O'ahu.
Later on, Wākea reunites with Papahānaumoku and they create Kaua'i, Ni'ihau, Lehua, and Kaʻula.
In one tradition, the first person on Earth was the woman Laʻilaʻi. They and their husband Kealiʻiwahilani are the parents of Kahiko, the father of Wākea. Wākea made the land and sea from the calabash or gourd (‘ipu) of Papahānaumoku. They threw it up high, and it became the heavens. They made the rain from its juice and from the seeds they made the sun, moon, and stars.
Gender roles
Wanting to sleep with their daughter, Wākea made a bargain with their high priest, Komo'awa, to make Papahānaumoku go away for four nights. In their seclusion, it was kapu or restricted for them to eat certain foods; a tradition known as ʻaikapu, which was a sacred eating arrangement established by Wākea. The purpose of the ʻaikapu was to separate the women from the men. In traditional Hawaiian society, men were responsible for cooking.
Examples of some foods that Hawaiian women could not eat:
Pigs
Coconuts
Bananas
Red colored fish
Certain seafood
See also
Atea, Marquesan god of light
Vatea, a god from Mangaia in the Cook Islands
Rangi and Papa, primordial parents in Māori tradition
Prince Kalaninuiamamao and their daughter-granddaughter Alapaiwahine (case similar to Wākea and their daughter)
References
Works cited
E.R. Tregear, Māori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay), 1891.
Ancient Hawaiian royalty
Hawaiian gods
Sky and weather gods
Legendary Hawaiian people
Edwin Bernard Genung (February 15, 1908 - May 2, 1986) was an American middle-distance runner. They placed 4th in the 800 meters at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Career
As a sophomore at the University of Washington, Genung was NCAA champion in 1929 at 880 yards.
Although they failed to win at the NCAA meet again (he placed third as a senior in 1931), they did win the national championship in both 1930 and 1931, breaking the meeting record both times. In 1932 the national championships in Stanford doubled as the Olympic Trials and Genung won for the third time, beating that year's NCAA winner Charles Hornbostel. Genung thus qualified for the Olympics in Los Angeles, where they won their heat to make it to the final; in the final, they finished just out of medals in fourth place.
References
1908 births
1986 deaths
Track and field athletes from Seattle
American male middle-distance runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Washington Huskies men's track and field athletes
Kelsey Teneti (born 12 May 2003) is a New Zealand rugby union player and athlete.
Biography
Teneti attended Hamilton Girls' High School. They were an age-grade hockey player and waka ama athlete. They play for Waikato in the Farah Palmer Cup.
In 2021 Teneti was named in the Chiefs squad for their historic match against the Blues at Eden Park in April.
Teneti is contracted to the Black Ferns sevens team but is yet to make their sevens debut.
Teneti was called in as an injury cover for the Black Ferns squad for the 2022 Pacific Four Series. They made their international debut on 6 June 2022 against Australia at Tauranga.
References
2003 births
Living people
New Zealand female rugby union players
New Zealand women's international rugby union players
People educated at Hamilton Girls' High School
Rugby union centres
The Woodsman is a 2016 suspense film directed and written by Paul Leach as their directorial debut. Based on Little Red Riding Hood by Charles Perrault, the film stars Christopher Wolfe as a police detective Alex Whiting who must save Millie Gilson played by Sonya Krueger from a mysterious cult order.
Premise
In the small southern town of Nazareth, each month, for the last four months a girl has disappeared. They find the latest victim dead, tied to a tree, the only witness being their twelve-year-old daughter who can't remember what happened.
Cast
Christopher Wolfe as Alex Whiting
Sonya Krueger as Millie Gilson
Michael Jude Murphy as Hawes
Katie Oliver as Rachel Gilson
Reception
The film was screened at 2016 Buffalo Niagara Film Festival.
References
External links
2016 films
Films based on works by Charles Perrault
Films based on Little Red Riding Hood
2016 thriller films
American thriller films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Canaano-Akkadian is an ancient Semitic language which was the written language of the Amarna letters from Canaan. It is a mixed language with mainly Akkadian vocabulary and Canaanite grammatical features. It used the cuneiform writing system of the Akkadian language.
References
Semitic languages
Extinct languages of Asia
Nyctomyini is a tribe of New World rats and mice in the subfamily Tylomyinae which includes two genera, Nyctomys and Otonyctomys, each with a single species. Both are medium-sized rats with tawny to brownish fur and a hairy tail.
Classification
Tribe Nyctomyini
Genus Otonyctomys
Hatt's vesper rat, Otonyctomys hatti
Genus Nyctomys
Sumichrast's vesper rat, Nyctomys sumichrasti
References
Musser, G. G. and M. D. Carleton. 2005. Superfamily Muroidea. pp. 894–1531 in Mammal Species of the World a Taxonomic and Geographic Reference. D. E. Wilson and D. M. Reeder eds. Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore.
Tylomyinae
Mammal tribes
Taxa named by Guy Musser
Taxa named by Michael D. Carleton
Think Free is the sixth studio album by American rapper Freeway. The album was released on June 22, 2018, by New Rothchilds, LLC and Roc Nation.
Track listing
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Personnel
David Rivera - engineering
Sam Croce - engineering
Khalil Wilson - engineering
JF Pierre - engineering
Mike Jerz - engineering, mixing
Pop Traxx - engineering
Vidal Davis - engineering, mixing, mastering
Freeway - executive producer
Sherman Byers - executive producer
Marc Byers - executive producer
Jason Carbonell - A&R
Leota Blackburn - marketing
Michelle Lukianovich - art direction, design
Jabari Jacobs - photography
References
2018 albums
Freeway (rapper) albums
The Château de Javarzay is a château incorporating remains of an earlier castle in the commune of Chef-Boutonne in the Deux-Sèvres département of France.
History
The early castle comprised an enceinte flanked by twelve towers, of which only two remain.
The castle was reconstructed in 1514 by members of the House of Rochechouart. The property has had a number of owners; the Rochefoucauld-Roye family bought it from François de Rochechouart of Chandeniers in 1655; Jérôme Phélypeaux, Count of Pontchartrain and minister of Louis XIV; Guillaume-Chrétien de Lamoignon de Malesherbes, lawyer of Louis XVI. Jérôme Phélypeaux, Secretary of State for the Navy, son of the Chancellor of France Louis, bought the estate of Javarzay in 1712 for the sum of 100,000 livres, but there was a family connection: their wife was Eléonore-Christine de La Rochefoucauld, daughter of Frédéric-Charles, Count of Roucy and Roye (known as "mademoiselle de Chef-Boutonne"). In 1785, at least, the owner was Joseph Michel Le Blois, advocate at the military tribunals during the French Revolution. Their daughter, Marie-Anne (born in the château in 1787) married Ange Achille de Brunet, Count of Neuilly.
What remains of the château, the most imposing of the period in Deux-Sèvres, is the building which joins the two towers and the chapel. The left wing has been destroyed and the right wing is a later construction. The enceinte was demolished between 1820 and 1824 and the sculptures have disappeared. The orangery dates from 1854.
The Château de Javarzay is the property of the commune. It was classified as a monument historique by the French Ministry of Culture in 1862.
Architecture
The Château de Javarzay combines both Renaissance and feudal aspects with its machicolations and its moat as well as conical roofs covered with slate. Its entrance pavilion is flanked by four corbelled turrets.
Park and gardens
The park surrounding the château is open to the public every day, free of charge.
Numerous walks are possible around the fish lake, along the Boutonne, the river which borders the park, as well as laid out Balades et Découvertes circuits. Picnic and play areas are available.
Visits
A visit to the château de Javarzay includes:
the Renaissance château, its chapel and the round walk
the headdress museum with a remarkable collection of nearly 400 antique headdresses and hats from several French regions
a permanent exhibition dedicated to the life and work of Jean-François Cail (1804-1871), a great 19th century industrialist (railways, sugar, agriculture), born in Chef-Boutonne
A Balades et Découvertes circuit starts from in front of the château. It follows the Boutonne river and goes around Chef-Boutonne, taking in the 1th century market hall, the house where Jean-François Cail was born and the source of the Boutonne.
See also
List of castles in France
References
Bibliography
Prahecq, Châteaux, manoirs, logis des Deux-Sèvres, Éditions Patrimoines et Médias, 1993,
External links
Château de Javarzay official web site
Heritage page of the Chef-Boutonne web site
Châteaux in Deux-Sèvres
Monuments historiques of Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Castles in Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Fashion museums in France
Museums in Deux-Sèvres
Rendall (Old Norse: Rennudalr or Rennadal) is a parish on Mainland, Orkney, Scotland. It is in the north west of the island and lies east of the parishes of Birsay and Evie and north east of Harray. The island of Gairsay is also in the parish.
Important Sites and Attractions
The Rendall Doocot is a 17th-century beehive doocot located at the Hall of Rendall and is unique in the Northern Isles, as most doocots are square/rectangle buildings. The Hall of Rendall is a settlement mound containing prehistoric structures, possibly a broch but that is doubted, and the remains of a medieval church. Human remains are regularly recovered from the beach and eroding sections near the church.
The Tingwall Ferry Terminal is located in Rendall and operates ferries to Rousay, Egilsay and Wyre. Next to it is a broch and a Thing, both scheduled monuments. Tingwall is from the Old Norse place-name 'Thing-völlr', meaning 'thing-field' and the first mention of it occurs in the 12th-century Orkneyinga Saga.
Seven Knowes, a scheduled monument, is also located in Rendall. The monument comprises the remains of seven barrows dating from the Bronze Age. The monument was first scheduled in 1936.
Archaeology
In 2003, a farmer undertook work to flatten a small knoll they thought was a stone dump but shortly after the works started it became apparent that the knoll was instead a burial mound. GUARD Archaeology was called in to excavate the site as part of the Historic Scotland Human Remains Call Off Contract (now Historic Environment Scotland). The results of this excavation found two cists containing cremations and a third cist that contained a burial. The burials that could be dated were found have been buried some time between 2020 and 1760 BC.
Excavations of three of the barrows at Seven Knowes in 1998 found two had centrally placed cremation cists.
Images
References
Parishes of Orkney
Villages on Mainland, Orkney
— Opening lines from The Waste Land by T. S. Eliot, first published this year
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
Events
February 2
Who Goes with Fergus? by W. B. Yeats (first published in 1892) is the song that haunts James Joyce's autobiographical character Stephen Dedalus in the novel Ulysses, first published complete in book form today. Stephen sings it to their mother as they lie dying, and their ghost returns to taunt them with it. The poem is Joyce's favorite lyric, and they have composed their own musical setting.
In a "savage creative storm" of less than three weeks beginning today at the Château de Muzot in Switzerland, Rainer Maria Rilke writes their Sonnets to Orpheus (Die Sonette an Orpheus) and completes their Duino Elegies (Duineser Elegien).
April – The Fugitive is established in Nashville, Tennessee, by John Crowe Ransom and other members of the Vanderbilt University English faculty who become known collectively as the Fugitives.
June – Over a single night at their home in Shaftsbury, Vermont, Robert Frost completes the long poem "New Hampshire" and at sunrise writes "Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening".
July – Having issued a 2nd edition of António Botto's poetry collection Canções through their Portuguese publishing house Olisipo, Fernando Pessoa publishes a magazine article praising Botto's courage and sincerity in shamelessly singing homosexual love as a true aesthete, sparking controversy over literatura de Sodoma.
September 22 – Indian Bengali poet Kazi Nazrul Islam publishes the poem "Anandamoyeer Agamane" ("The Advent of the Delightful Mother"), in support of the Indian independence movement, in the Puja issue of their new biweekly magazine Dhumketu, for which they are arrested by the police of the Bengal Presidency and imprisoned on a charge of sedition for much of the following year, undertaking a hunger strike and composing many poems while in prison. Their poem "Bidrohi" (বিদ্রোহী, "The Rebel", December 1921) is first collected this year in their first anthology, Agnibeena.
October 15 – T. S. Eliot establishes The Criterion magazine, containing the first publication of their poem The Waste Land. This first appears in the United States later this month in The Dial (dated November 1) and is first published complete with notes in book form by Boni and Liveright in New York in December.
November – Robert Bridges publishes their essay on free verse: 'Humdrum and Harum-Scarum'.
December 6 – W. B. Yeats becomes a nominated member of the Seanad Éireann in the Irish Free State.
Works published in English
Canada
William Wilfred Campbell, The Poetical Works of Wilfred Campbell, W.J. Sykes ed. (London). posthumously published
William Douw Lighthall, Old Measures (collected verse) (Montreal: A.T. Chapman).
Marjorie Pickthall, The Woodcarver's Wife, and Later Poems]. Toronto: McClelland & Stewart.
Indian subcontinent in English
Including all of the British colonies that later became India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal:
Swami Ananda Acharya:
The Comrade: Poems on Philosophical Themes ( Poetry in English ), Alvdal, Norway: Gaurisankar Brahmakul, 105 pages
Usarika, Dawn-Rhythms ( Poetry in English ), Alvdal, Norway: Gaurisankar Brahmakul
Christina A. Albers, Ancient Tales of Hindustan
Sri Aurobindo, Baji Prabhou ( Poetry in English ), Pondicherry: Arya Office
N. M. Chatterjee, Parvati
Harindranath Chattopadhyaya:
The Magic Tree ( Poetry in English ), Madras: Shama's Publishing House (another source gives the publisher as: Madras: Theosophical Publishing House)
Perfume of Earth ( Poetry in English ), Madras: printed at Huxley Press
Joseph Furtado, Lays of Goa and Lyrics of Goan, a souvenir of the exposition of St. Francis Xavier; Bombay: Furtado and Sons
Puran Singh, At Their Feet ( Poetry in English ), Gwalior,
United Kingdom
Marion Angus, The Lilt and Other Verses, Scottish poet writing in the Scots language
Edmund Blunden, The Shepherd, and Other Poems of Peace and War
Enid Blyton, Child Whispers
Hilda Conkling, Shoes of the Wind
A. E. Coppard, Hips and Haws
John Drinkwater, Preludes 1921–1922
T. S. Eliot, The Waste Land
Wilfrid Gibson, Krindlesdyke
Thomas Hardy, Late Lyrics and Earlier, with Many Other Verses
A. E. Housman, Last Poems
James Pittendrigh Macgillivray, Bog Myrtle and Peat Reek, Scottish poet writing chiefly in dialect
Hughes Mearns, "Antigonish" (written in 1899, published in 1922)
Susan Miles, Annotations
E. Nesbit, Many Voices
Alfred Noyes, The Watchers of the Sky, Volume i of the "Torch-Bearers Trilogy", followed by The Book of the Earth (1925), The Last Voyage (1930), published as The Torch-Bearers (1937)
Marjorie Pickthall, The Wood Carver's Wife, including "Marching Men"
Poems of Today, British poetry anthology, second series
Isaac Rosenberg, Poems (posthumous)
Edith Sitwell, Façade, the concert version ('an entertainment'), with music by William Walton, performed January 1922
Sacheverell Sitwell, The Hundred and One Harlequins, and Other Poems
J. C. Squire, Poems: Second Series
Muriel Stuart, Poems
W. B. Yeats, Irish poet published in the United Kingdom:
Later Poems, Macmillan's Collected Edition of Yeats's Works, volume i
Plays in Prose and Verse, Macmillan's Collected Edition of Yeats's Works, volume ii
United States
Conrad Aiken, Priapus and the Pool
John Peale Bishop, with Edmund Wilson, The Undertaker's Garland
John Dos Passos, A Pushcart at the Curb
James Weldon Johnson, Book of American Negro Poetry
Claude McKay, Harlem Shadows
Hughes Mearns, Antigonish, often called "The Little Man Who Wasn't There"; inspired by reports of a ghost of a man roaming the stairs of a haunted house in Antigonish, Nova Scotia; first published on March 22 by Franklin Pierce Adams in their New York World column; later a popular song
Louise Pound, American Ballads and Songs
Elizabeth Madox Roberts, Under the Tree
Carl Sandburg, Slabs of the Sunburnt West
George Santayana, Soliloquies in England and Later Soliloquies
Gertrude Stein, Geography and Plays
John Hall Wheelock, The Black Panther
William Carlos Williams, Spring and All, including "The Red Wheelbarrow"
Yvor Winters, The Magpie's Shadow
Other
W. B. Yeats, Irish poet published in the United Kingdom:
Later Poems, Macmillan's Collected Edition of Yeats's Works, volume i
Plays in Prose and Verse, Macmillan's Collected Edition of Yeats's Works, volume ii
Works published in other languages
France
Paul Claudel, Poèmes de guerre (1914-1916)
Francis Jammes, Livres des quatrains, published each year from this year to 1925
Oscar Vladislas de Lubicz-Milosz, also known as O. V. de L. Milosz, La Confession de Lemuel
Alphonse Métérié, Le Livre des soeurs
Pierre Reverdy, Cravates de chanvre
Philippe Soupault, Westwego
Paul Valéry, Charmes
Germany
Rainer Maria Rilke completes both the Duino Elegies and the Sonnets to Orpheus; Germany
Kurt Schwitters:
Anna Blume, Dichtungen, including "An Anna Blume" ("To Anna Flower" also translated as "To Eve Blossom"); a second, revised edition with nine instead of the original 20 poems, and with the addition of translations of Anna Blume into English, French and Russian; published by Verlag Paul Steegemann, Hanover (first edition 1919, a second edition with the only change being eight more pages of advertising, published in 1920), Germany
Memoiren Anna Blumes in Bleie, a chronicle and parody of reactions to the original Anna Blume, Dichtungen of 1919
Spanish language
Xavier Abril, Hollywood, Peru
Manuel Maples Arce, , Mexico
Gerardo Diego, Manual de espumas ("Manual of Foam"), Spain
Gabriela Mistral, Desolación ("Despair"), including "Decalogo del artista", New York : Instituto de las Españas; Chilean poet published in the United States
César Vallejo, Trilce, Peru
Pablo de Rokha: Los gemidos
Other languages
Anna Akhmatova, Anno Domini MCMXXI, Soviet Union
Mário de Andrade, Paulicéia Desvairada ("Untapped São Paulo", "Hallucinated City"), Brazil
Tom Kristensen, Paafuglefjeren ("The Peacock Feather"), Denmark
Mohammad Yamin, Tanah Air ("Motherland"), Indonesia, modern Malay language
Awards and honors
Hawthornden Prize for poetry: Edmund Blunden
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry (first award): Edwin Arlington Robinson, Collected Poems (1921)
Births
Death years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 22 – Vernon Scannell, born John Vernon Bain (died 2007), English poet, author and professional boxer
February 25 – Leland Bardwell (died 2016), Indian-born Irish poet and novelist
March 12 – Jack Kerouac (died 1969), American novelist, writer, poet, artist, and part of the Beat Generation school of poetry
April 4 – Máire Mhac an tSaoi, Irish poet and scholar
April 16 – Kingsley Amis (died 1995), English novelist and poet
June 9 – John Gillespie Magee, Jr. (killed in military aviation accident 1941), Anglo–American aviator and poet
June 30
Amulya Barua (died 1946; first published posthumously in 1964), Indian, Assamese-language
Miron Białoszewski (died 1983), Polish poet and playwright
July 6 – Carilda Oliver Labra (died 2018), Cuban
July 17 – Donald Davie (died 1995), English poet and critic, member of the Movement
July 26 – Chairil Anwar (died 1949), Indonesian poet of the "1945 Generation"
August 9 – Philip Larkin (died 1985), English poet, novelist, jazz critic and librarian
August 26 – Elizabeth Brewster (died 2012), Canadian poet and academic
September 12 – Jackson Mac Low (died 2004), American poet, performance artist, composer and playwright
November 13 – Makarand Dave (died 2005), Indian, Gujarati-language poet, writer and editor
November 24 – Aris Alexandrou (Άρης Αλεξάνδρου, died 1978), Greek novelist, poet and translator
November 25 – Fumiko Nakajo 中城ふみ子, pen name of Noe Fumiko 野江富美子 (died of breast cancer 1954), Japanese tanka poet with a turbulent life
December 3 – Eli Mandel (died 1992), Canadian poet and literary academic
Also –
Peter Bladen (died 2001), Australian
Ahmad Hardi (died 2006), Kurdish
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in poetry" article:
January 21 – John Kendrick Bangs, 59, American author, satirist, poet and the creator of Bangsian fantasy, a school of fantasy writing that sets the plot wholly or partially in the afterlife
February 2 – Zahida Khatun Sherwani, writing as Zay Khay Sheen (born 1894), Indian Urdu language woman poet
February 3 – John Butler Yeats (born 1839), Irish painter and poet, father of W. B. Yeats
April 19 - Marjorie Pickthall (born 1883), English-born Canadian writer.
May 13 – Sir Walter Raleigh (born 1861), Scottish scholar, poet and author
June 28 – Velimir Khlebnikov, 36 (born 1885), Russian Futurist poet and writer
July 8 – Mori Ōgai 森 鷗外 / 森 鴎外 (born 1862), Japanese physician, translator, novelist and poet
August 2 – M. A. Bayfield, 70 (born 1852), English classical scholar and writer on poetry
September 2 – Henry Lawson, 55, Australian writer and poet
September 10 – Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, 82 (born 1840), British poet and writer
November 27 – Alice Meynell, 75 (born 1847), née Thompson, English writer, editor, critic and suffragist, remembered mainly as a poet
December 4 – Josephine Peabody (born c. 1874), American poet and playwright
See also
Poetry
List of years in poetry
Notes
Poetry
20th-century poetry
Isla de Maipo is a town and commune of the Talagante Province in central Chile's Santiago Metropolitan Region.
Geography
Isla de Maipo can be found in the Chilean Central Valley approximately southwest of the metropolitan area of Santiago and about from the city of Talagante. The commune spans an area of . In general, the commune is characterized as predominantly rural, which is reflected in its landscape of colonial houses, cultivated farms, vineyards, natural sites and the predominance of agricultural activities, which is carried out by the majority of its population. The Maipo River is the most important in the whole metropolitan area, because it supports the highest population density in Chile and is also the main stream which irrigates the area.
Economy
Isla de Maipo is an agricultural community, primarily devoted to growing vines and other fruits typical of Mediterranean climate, such as lemons, avocados and apples. ¨The most important wineries in the town are De Martino (Santa Inés), Canepa, Viña Tarapacá, Santa Ema and Terramater. Also, there are other small companies that produce wine for bigger wineries.
However, one of the most important problems in Isla de Maipo is still the unemployment and the small number of qualified jobs.
Traditions
One of its traditions is the Fiesta de La Virgen de La Merced. This feast is celebrated the last Sunday of September each year and attracts more than 80,000 pilgrims from all parts of the region, across the country and abroad. Also, La Fiesta de la Vendimia (Grape harvest feast) is celebrated every year, calling together local inhabitants and foreign tourists. The festival allows tourists to familiarize themselves with the culinary art of the commune, especially the high quality of its wines. The Plaza de Armas is converted into a large dining room, where one can hear folk and other varieties of music.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Isla de Maipo had 25,798 inhabitants (13,095 men and 12,703 women). Of these, 18,865 (73.1%) lived in urban areas and 6,933 (26.9%) in rural areas. The population grew by 26.8% (5,454 persons) between the 1992 and 2002 censuses.
Administration
As a commune, Isla de Maipo is a third-level administrative division of Chile administered by municipal council, headed by an alcalde who is directly elected every four years. For the years 2012-2016, the alcalde is Carlos Adasme Godoy (PDC), and their council members are:
Pedro Montalva Montalva (PS)
Maximiliano Genskowski Inostroza (UDI)
Emilio Astudillo Rojas (PPD)
José Riquelme Herrera (PDC)
Katherinne Flores Trincado (RN)
Valeria Manríquez Urrea (PS)
Within the electoral divisions of Chile, Isla de Maipo is represented in the Chamber of Deputies by Denise Pascal (PS) and Gonzalo Uriarte (UDI) as part of the 31st electoral district, (together with Talagante, Peñaflor, El Monte, Melipilla, María Pinto, Curacaví, Alhué, San Pedro and Padre Hurtado). The commune is represented in the Senate by Guido Girardi Lavín (PPD) and Jovino Novoa Vásquez (UDI) as part of the 7th senatorial constituency (Santiago-West).
References
External links
Official link - Municipality of Isla de Maipo
Communes of Chile
Populated places in Talagante Province
Rugushuiyeh-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Rūgūshū'īyeh-ye Soflā; also known as Rogūshū'īyeh-ye Pā'īn, Rūgoshū'īyeh-ye Soflā, Rūgūshū'īyeh Pā'īn, and Rūgūshū'īyeh-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 43, in 15 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Thetford Rural District was a rural district in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1935.
It was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Thetford rural sanitary district. It covered the lands which were in Norfolk and lay to the north and east of Thetford Municipal Borough.
In 1902 it took in the western part of the disbanded Guiltcross Rural District,.
In 1935, Thetford RD was abolished and its territory divided between Downham, Swaffham and Wayland RDs.
Statistics
Parishes
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
Putting People First may refer to:
Bill Clinton's Presidential campaign slogan, and the name of a campaign book co-authored by Clinton and Al Gore
A UK government paper key to the Person Centred Planning approach.
A minor political party with representation on Southampton City Council
Żabcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies some south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and southeast of the regional capital, Lublin.
Demography
According to the 2011 National Census of Population and Housing, the population of Żabcze village is 224, of which 51.8% are women and 48.2% are men. The town is inhabited by 3.8% of the commune's inhabitants. In the years 1998-2011 the number of inhabitants decreased by 27.0%. 57.1% of the inhabitants of the village of Żabcze are in the working age, 17.9% in the pre-working age, and 25.0% of the inhabitants are in the post-working age.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Gurwinder Singh (born 16 April 1986) is an Indian footballer who plays as a defender.
Career
Gurwinder started their senior career with JCT in 2005 after passing out from their youth academy, where they spent a year. Gurwinder left JCT to join East Bengal in 2010. Gurwinder was loaned out to Kerala Blasters FC for the 2014 Indian Super League and was a regular for the Kerala-based team, making 11 appearances including the final match of the competition. Gurwinder is currently represented by UK based Football Agency - Inventive Sports.
They were signed by Northeast United FC for 2018-19 season. They were fondly called as 'Gurwinder Paaji' by their teammates.
International
After a great season with East Bengal, Singh was called up to the India national football team preparatory camp in June 2011 but didn't make any appearances. They made their India debut in 2013, and has gone on to make 10 appearances for the national team. However, they have fallen out of favor since 2015 and hasn't made an appearance since.
Honours
East Bengal
I-League (runners): 2010-11, 2011-12, 2013-14
Federation Cup (winner): 2010, 2012
Calcutta Football League (winner): 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017
IFA Shield (winner): 2012
Super Cup (winner): 2011
Mohammedan Sporting Platinum Jubilee Cup (winner): 2010
India
Nehru Cup: 2012
Individual
NorthEast United FC Defender of the Season: 2018-19
References
External links
Player profile at Goal.com
Player profile at IndianFootball.com
Indian footballers
1986 births
Living people
Footballers from Jalandhar
East Bengal Club players
I-League players
Kerala Blasters FC players
Indian Super League players
Association football central defenders
Kerala Blasters FC draft picks
Juan Atilio Bramuglia (January 1, 1903 – September 4, 1962) was an Argentine labor lawyer who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs during the administration of President Juan Perón.
Life and times
Early life and career
Bramuglia was born in Chascomús, Buenos Aires Province, to Italian immigrants; their father worked for the Buenos Aires Great Southern Railway. They enrolled at the University of Buenos Aires, and earned a juris doctor in 1925.
They began their legal career as a lawyer for the Unión Ferroviaria, an employer-sponsored rail workers' union, and in 1929, became its chief counsel. The union eclipsed more combative rivals in the nation's important rail sector, becoming the most powerful in the CGT umbrella labor union by the 1940s. Following a nationalist military coup in June 1943, they joined the leader of the rival rail union La Fraternidad, Francisco Capozzi, and a colleague in the CGT, retail employees' union leader Ángel Borlenghi, in alliance that sought a role within the new government. Their representative, Colonel Domingo Mercante (whose father had been a Fraternidad labor organizer), quickly established a liaison with the new Labor Secretary, Colonel Juan Perón.
Their alliance would result in the development of the first working relationship between the Department of Labor and trade unions in Argentina, principally with the CGT's "Number One" faction. Bramuglia drafted Perón's proposal to have the Labor Department promoted to a cabinet-level Ministry, a move accomplished in November 1943. They were appointed Director of Social Welfare by Labor Minister Perón in 1944, and in that capacity, drafted many of the long postponed labor laws, pension laws, and social benefits whose enactment would earn Perón lasting support from the nation's working class.
Their efforts, and Vice President Perón's paramount role in the dictatorship of General Edelmiro Farrell, earned Bramuglia an appointment as Federal Interventor of Buenos Aires Province in January 1945. Their tenure promoted educational and labor law improvement, though their association with Perón resulted in their dismissal by President Farrell in September amid a simmering power struggle with the popular Vice President.
They had returned to their post of chief counsel to the Unión Ferroviaria when, on October 13, Perón was arrested. The populist leader's mistress and close collaborator, Eva Duarte, called on Bramuglia's legal acumen for assistance during the crisis. Bramuglia, however, believed that a lawsuit would be counterproductive and refused; although Perón was released following mass demonstrations on October 17, this decision by Bramuglia would earn them the lasting enmity of the influential future First Lady.
Minister of Foreign Affairs
Bramuglia was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs upon Perón's inaugural in June 1946. The new Foreign Minister had privately aspired to become Minister of Labor, which they considered would be the most important policy-making post in the new, populist government. Bramuglia was given a mandate to navigate Foreign relations of Argentina in a "Third Way" that prioritized national interests while cultivating positive relations with both Cold War superpowers. They re-established relations with the Soviet Union, facilitating grain sales to the shortage-stricken nation, and fostered a rapprochement with the United States. Relations with the latter had been strained in the aftermath of World War II, when U.S. Ambassador Spruille Braden issued a "Blue Book" report with allegations that Perón had colluded with the defeated Axis Powers. Accordingly, Bramuglia ended their predecessors' policy of impeding U.S. initiatives in the Pan American Union, signed the Rio Treaty (which promoted U.S. influence in the foreign policy of other Western Hemisphere nations) against the opposition of many in their party, and made personal efforts to foster good relations with U.S. diplomats, themselves.
Bramuglia was appointed President of the United Nations Security Council in November 1948. They accepted the post during the height of tensions over the Berlin Blockade imposed by the Soviet Union. Bramuglia adopted the position that Soviet demands regarding use of the German mark in Berlin could be addressed, and during their brief tenure, they succeeded in having the four powers involved in the conflict (the U.S., the U.S.S.R., United Kingdom, and France) form a committee to resolve relevant points of contention. They remained active in subsequent negotiations despite early opposition by U.S. Secretary of State George Marshall toward their initiative, and in December, joined Marshall, Soviet Deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Vyshinsky and British Foreign Secretary Ernest Bevin in their first joint meeting regarding the crisis; following these and further talks, as well as the success of the ongoing Berlin Airlift, the blockade was lifted on May 12, 1949.
The skilled Foreign Minister could not escape misgivings harbored toward them by the First Lady, however. This antagonism became irreconcilable when Bramuglia opposed to Mrs. Perón's charm offensive, the famed 1947 "Rainbow Tour." They refused to put forward their proposal for the U.N.'s adoption of a "Declaration of Rights of Old Age," moreover, and by the time Bramuglia made international news for their role in negotiating the Berlin crisis, the First Lady was ordering radio stations to refrain from mentioning him, events such as their December 1948 discussion of the Berlin crisis with U.S. President Harry Truman, or their accomplishments. They had the Foreign Minister's photo left out of relevant print articles, even ordering their image airbrushed from group photos in Democracia, a former UCR news daily expropriated by the state.
These disputes, as well as those with the Argentine Ambassador to the U.S., Jerónimo Remorino, and the Ambassador to the United Nations, José Arce, led Bramuglia to repeatedly submit their resignation to the President, who accepted on August 11 following a sixth attempt by the Foreign Minister to do so. The heated argument that resulted led Remorino to challenge Bramuglia to a duel, which the latter prevented at the last minute; Bramuglia believed Remorino to be responsible for their fall from grace. They returned to their labor law practice and taught in the discipline at their alma mater.
The Popular Union
President Perón was ultimately deposed in a violent 1955 military coup. Bramuglia communicated with the first dictator installed after the coup, General Eduardo Lonardi, and offered to cooperate with the latter's policy of avoiding "victors or vanquished." Lonardi agreed, and actively considered naming them to the post of Labor Minister that had been denied them a decade earlier. The move backfired, however, when Lonardi was removed from office for their conciliatory stance in November. Bramuglia was briefly arrested, though their friendship with numerous police officers, as well as with the new War Minister, General León Bengoa, would protect them against further arrests, as well as against numerous death threats subsequently. They nonetheless established the Unión Popular (UP) in December as an attempt to develop a political alternative to the banned Peronist movement. They obtained permission from Lonardi's successor, General Pedro Aramburu, and was, in turn, publicly condemned by the exiled Perón.
Increasingly repressive measures on the part of Aramburu further polarized Argentine politics, however, and led to General Juan José Valle's failed revolt against Aramburu in June 1956 (for which 31 were executed). Bramuglia issued conciliatory statements in a number of news magazines, including the highly anti-peronist Ahora, whose publication of the Bramuglias' address and phone number led to threats and harassment. They declared that "every family is looking forward to peace, and to shaping the future through a political culture that includes political parties," and thus distanced themselves from Perón's rhetoric, which, during 1956, was largely inflammatory in nature.
The UP adopted the Peronist tenets of nationalism and social democracy, while rejecting the personality cult Perón and the late Evita had engendered. The party received a significant boost when Alejandro Leloir, the last Chairman of the Peronist Party' executive committee before Perón's overthrow, joined the UP. Bramuglia was not the only Neo-Peronist leader to emerge in 1955; these also included Cipriano Reyes, who formed the Labor Party, and Vicente Saadi, who formed the Populist Party. All three were Peronists who played key roles in the movement's earliest days, and who later fell out with the populist leader. Each one openly defied Perón by forming these alternatives to their line, and more so by fielding candidates for elections to the Constitutional Assembly of 1957 (tasked with replacing Perón's 1949 Constitution).
Leloir soon became a rival within the UP, and Bramuglia was forced to cancel its participation in the July 28 election. Their alliance endured despite this, and they nominated Leloir for the upcoming 1958 presidential elections. Secretly, however, Perón and business person Rogelio Julio Frigerio had negotiated an endorsement of UCRI candidate Arturo Frondizi. This endorsement, made public one month before the February 23 polls, surprised most observers (who expected the exiled leader to endorse a blank ballot option, as they had done in 1957), and persuaded Leloir to withdraw. Leloir, who consulted Frondizi instead of their UP partner, left Bramuglia no choice but to call for blank ballots himself.
The UP elected no Congressmen in 1958, and was barred from running in 1960. President Frondizi lifted the ban ahead of the 1962 mid-term elections, and ended government receivership over the CGT labor union. The joint developments allowed Bramuglia to form an alliance with the influential textile industry union leader, Andrés Framini. Framini's UP candidacy for Governor of Buenos Aires would then receive an unexpected endorsement: that of Perón, who believed these elections would give Peronism a role in government. Joined on the ticket by Marcos Anglada, Framini's unofficial slogan was unequivocal: "Framini-Anglada, Perón to the Rosada!"
The clear reference to the Casa Rosada (the president's executive office building) rekindled fears of Perón's return among the military and other anti-Peronists. The UP placed third with 18% of the vote, and won 10 of 14 governorships at stake (including Framini's victory in the paramount Province of Buenos Aires). President Frondizi was forced to annul UP victories by the military, and on March 28, they were overthrown.
Legacy
Bramuglia died in September of that year at age 59; the UP, banned during the 1963 election, would be allowed to participate in 1965, and its strong showing would again prompt a military coup.
The Vice President of the University of Tel Aviv, Professor Ranaan Rein, authored detailed studies of both Bramuglia and the Popular Union. They emphasized that the former Foreign Minister, whom they considered "the most eminent and talented cabinet member of Perón's first term," was a needed pragmatic influence in a country whose politics "have oscillated between ideological inconsistency and the narrowest dogmatism."
References
External links
1903 births
1962 deaths
Argentine people of Italian descent
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Members of the General Confederation of Labour (Argentina)
Governors of Buenos Aires Province
Foreign ministers of Argentina
University of Buenos Aires faculty
20th-century Argentine lawyers
is a railway station in Aki-ku, Hiroshima, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West). This station is a .
Lines
Nakanohigashi Station is served by the Sanyō Main Line.
Layout
The station has two side platforms located on ground. The station office lies above the platforms and the tracks.
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Stations of West Japan Railway Company in Hiroshima city
Sanyō Main Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1989
California's 13th State Assembly district is one of 80 California State Assembly districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Carlos Villapudua.
District profile
The district consists of western San Joaquin County, including the eastern half of the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta, and is centered on Stockton. The district is a major gateway between the rest of the Central Valley and the San Francisco Bay Area.
San Joaquin County – 67.4%
August
Country Club
French Camp
Garden Acres
Kennedy
Lincoln Village
Morada
Mountain House
Stockton
Taft Mosswood
Thornton
Tracy
Election results from statewide races
List of Assembly Members
Due to redistricting, the 13th district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.
Election results 1992 - present
1992
1994
1996
1998
2000
2002
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
See also
California State Assembly
California State Assembly districts
Districts in California
References
External links
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
13
Government of San Joaquin County, California
Stockton, California
Tracy, California
The Norway Davis Cup team represents Norway in the Davis Cup competition and is governed by the Norwegian Tennis Association.
Norway currently compete in World Group I. They never qualified for the World Group in the old Davis Cup format, though they reached the World Group Play-offs in 1995. They have still yet to participate in the new format's Davis Cup Finals.
History
Before World War II (1928–39)
Norway competed in its first Davis Cup in 1928, with Torleif Torkildsen taking Norway's first win, at home in a 1–4 defeat to Hungary. Torkildsen was a main feature of Norway's side in the early seasons, with a 1–9 record between 1928 and 1932.
Norway was relegated to the qualifying rounds after 1933, but turned out their best result the following year, losing 2–3 in their third meeting with Hungary. Finn-Trygve Smith gave away a two-set lead in the first rubber, but Emil Gabori defeated Smith in the final rubber to win the game for Hungary. This also marked Johan Haanes' Davis Cup debut; Haanes registered a 6–23 record in a 17-year career interrupted by World War II, and only three Norwegian wins during their career was not due to Haanes.
Norway did not enter in 1935, but returned in 1936 with another 2–3 result against 1933 quarter-finalists Belgium at home. André Lacroix won all their three games for Belgium and prevented Norway's first tie victory.
The advances were temporary. Norway lost 15 successive rubbers up to 1939, and though they advanced to the quarter-final in 1939, that was only due to a forfeit from the invaded Czechoslovakia.
Never beyond the second round (1947–1972)
Norway did not enter the first Davis Cup after the war, but in 1947 Norway nearly eliminated New Zealand in their first ever match for eight years. Haanes and Jan Staubo both won a single match each, but New Zealand turned the tables after four- and five-set victories in the final singles matches.
Haanes continued good form the following season, defeating Geoffrey Paish as Norway went down 1–4 to a Great Britain which would reach the semi-finals. Successive 0–5 defeats to a Lennart Bergelin-led Sweden team followed, before Johan Haanes won their final Davis Cup game in 1951. Adly El-Shafei won all their three games, though, and Egypt eliminated Norway.
In 1953, Norway achieved their first victory, with Nils-Erik Hessen, Rolf Pape and Finn Søhol defeating Luxembourg in Mondorf-les-Bains. All were mainstays in the side throughout the 1950s, and featured in Norway's 1954 win over Finland (3–2). Søhol also helped Norway defeat Israel by 4–1 in the 1956 tournament, which also gave the first win for Gunnar Sjøwall. However, five defeats followed, and it was not until Norway drew Portugal in 1963 and 1964 that they managed to win again. Norway went 9–1 on aggregate in these two clashes, with Søhol the only loser, and in the 1963 second round tie against Denmark Sjøwall defeated Jørgen Ulrich, a player who had reached the round of 16 at Wimbledon on two occasions. An 18-year-old Per Hegna also participated; they lost all their three games and didn't participate in the Davis Cup for ten years, but was to become a key player for Norway later.
Following the wins over Portugal, Norway struggled once more. They did manage a 4–1 win over Luxembourg in 1968, with Fridtjof Prydz (4 wins, 11 losses) winning both singles matches; doubles specialist Erik Melander (5 wins, 8 losses) had debuted the previous year in France, and the doubles team of Melander and Prydz got Norway's only win in the 1–4 loss to Israel in the 1971. Prydz and Jon-Erik Ross (2 wins, 11 losses) also defeated Egypt's doubles team in 1970.
First quarterfinal, and 80s struggles (1973–1988)
In 1973 Norway had to play preliminary qualifying matches for the first time since 1934. Hegna returned to Davis Cup play, and on an indoor court in Dublin Hegna, Melander, Finn-Dag Jagge and Thorvald Moe swept Ireland aside by 5–0 (though Melander and Moe had to play a 42-game set in the doubles match), and received a home first round clash with Denmark, where Hegna won both their singles matches and Norway eked out a 3–2 win. Norway reached the quarter-finals for the first time since 1939, where they failed to win a set in France and lost 30–92 in games. Hegna and Melander faced François Jauffret and Patrick Proisy, who had both reached the last four at Roland Garros and at the time both were ranked in the top 40, in the singles matches.
Nevertheless, Norway were not qualified for the main draw in the European Zone in 1974, and after Hegna and Thorvald Moe secured a 4–1 win over Iran they required to beat Spain in a play-off in Barcelona. Norway performed even worse than against France the previous year, winning only 26 of 116 games.
Then followed five preliminary round losses, with only Hegna able to secure solitary match wins in ties with Morocco and Netherlands. Hegna also won all three of their matches as Norway beat Turkey in 1980, but in the final qualifier against West Germany Norway won 18 games in four matches. Norway were thus two wins away for qualifying for the modern-day World Group, which was instituted in 1981. Instead, Norway remained in the European qualifying zone.
Hegna retired in 1981, only returning for a single dead rubber match in 1983, and in the seven years of one single European qualifying zone Norway only defeated Portugal on the tennis court, in 1984.
In 1986 Norway became the first European nation to lose to Nigeria, falling 0–5 in Lagos, and they were also the first European nation to lose to Senegal the following year. Three players debuted against Senegal; Bent Ove Pedersen and Audun Jensen lost the doubles match, while Anders Håseth played singles with one win and one loss.
As a result of the defeat to Senegal, Norway were assigned to Group Two of the Europe/Africa Zone when this was instituted in 1988. Norway reached the semi-final, losing to Ireland on grass in Belfast. The five-set doubles match became crucial, where Matt Doyle and Peter Wright won 6–4 in the final set, and Ireland went on to promote to Group One.
Ruud era (1989–2000)
Still in Group Two, Norway lost 2–3 to Luxembourg in 1989, the debut match of 16-year-old Christian Ruud, who along with Pedersen would form the basis of the team in the 1990s. The following year Norway reached a promotion play-off to Poland, where they lost after Ruud and Pedersen failed to win any singles matches, though Anders Rolfsen won a doubles match as part of a streak of six successive doubles match wins before they and Pedersen lost in straight sets to Poland in the 1992 relegation play-off, which Norway still won. The streak was part of Norway's 13–2 season in the 1991 Davis Cup, where they promoted from Division One after defeating Luxembourg in the play-off, but they lost to Finland in their first Group One match in 1992 and needed the play-off to survive.
A similar story unfolded in the 1993 season; brothers Byron and Wayne Black from Zimbabwe swept through 4–1 in Riksanlegget for tennis at Hasle, with only Pedersen winning a match, and Norway required a win in Helsinki. Ruud came up with a straight set win over Tuomas Ketola as Norway got revenge for their 1992 defeat, won 3–2, and survived for another year.
The 1994 Davis Cup saw Ruud win both their singles matches, including a five-setter against world No. 6 Goran Ivanišević. However, Ruud and Pedersen couldn't win the doubles match, and the number two singles players weren't good enough against Ivanišević and Saša Hiršzon (world No. 250).
In 1995 Norway won their first round tie for the first time in four attempts; against Israel, newly relegated from the World Group, Ruud defeated Eyal Ran and Gilad Bloom, both top-200 players. The win qualified Norway for a World Group play-off match with Belgium, but Dick Norman and Johan Van Herck were too strong, and won 5–0 at Hasle, only conceding one set.
Norway were relegated the following year, as world No. 31 Andrei Medvedev won both singles matches and Ukraine took a 4–1 win in Kyiv. They spent the following years promoting and relegating alternatively; a play-off win over Portugal in Oporto was followed by defeats to Romania and Croatia, in a match 19-year-old Ivan Ljubičić won all three matches and sent Norway down into Group Two.
Up and down with Andersen/Boretti (2000–07)
It took a further four years to be promoted to Group One again, as after the 3–2 win over Israel Norway lost the services of Ruud after 31 wins, the highest number by a Norwegian. Stian Boretti and Jan Frode Andersen nevertheless went through the 2002 season with wins over Egypt, Denmark and Ivory Coast, and Norway entered Group One for the sixth and thus far last time.
They were outmatched at that level, however. Andersen and Boretti nearly defeated Jürgen Melzer and Alexander Peya, who would five months later reach the final of the Austrian Open doubles tournament, at home in the first round match in February, coming back from two sets down to take it into a fifth, and Norway faced matches with Finland and Luxembourg to survive in Group One. However, the task was too much against top-200 players Jarkko Nieminen (Finland) and Gilles Müller (Luxembourg), and Norway were relegated.
From 2004 until 2006, Andersen and Boretti were the mainstay of the team, with only Boretti missing one match. Norway played eight matches during their four-year stay in Group Two, achieving a 3–5 record with wins over Ukraine, Monaco (in first of two relegation play-offs) and Zimbabwe. Boretti had to retire from a 2006 tie in Macedonia, where Norway were 1–2 down before the final day's singles matches, and Erling Tveit took Lazar Magdinčev into a fifth set. Magdinčev won 6–2, however, leaving the final match redundant as Norway failed to make the promotion play-off, which Macedonia later won. When Andersen retired before 2007, it prompted a historically poor performance from Norway, as they lost to Hungary at home before Lamine Ouahab of Algeria won their three matches and sent Norway down into Group Three of the Europe/Africa zone for the first time.
Among the weakest teams in Europe (2008–11)
Norway began their life in the zone's second lowest tier at the 2008 tournament, hosted in Armenia. Despite Boretti winning all their singles matches, Norway lost two rubbers, to Moldova and to Lithuania, the latter after 6–8 in the tie-breaker in the final doubles match. Norway thus finished third, just outside the promotion spot to Group Two.
On clay in Tunisia during the 2009 tournament, however, Norway had managed to secure the services of Erling Tveit, which helped to strengthen the side and secure promotion. Boretti and Tveit did nearly all the work, playing five singles and four doubles ties each, and despite a loss to Bosnia and Herzegovina, Norway won the final two matches over Tunisia and Morocco to secure promotion. It was Norway's first Davis Cup win over Morocco in three attempts, and both Moroccans were top 500 ATP players. Boretti won by only dropping a game and Tveit won 6–1 in the final set of the three-set encounters.
However, Norway dropped straight back after losses to Slovenia and Monaco; the latter team had no players in the top 400, but Norway still only won one set in the decisive three matches, and fell 0–5. In Group III the following year, Norway still fielded a team of Boretti and Tveit, though both players had now retired from the challenger tour. Norway's promotion hopes stopped one match before the play-off, losing to Turkey, who later promoted and had also been relegated from division II the previous year, after a final-set tie-break in the doubles match.
A new Ruud era (2015–)
Led by a 16 year old Casper Ruud and an 18 year old Viktor Durasovic Norway gained promotion from Group III up to Group II in 2015. The following years Norway have stayed in Group II, but they keep on working for the promotion. They are led by ATP Tour player Casper Ruud, the son of former player Christian Ruud. In March 2020, Norway qualified for the 2020 Davis Cup World Group I
In 2021 Norway beat Uzbekistan and Ukraine and qualified for the Davis Cup playoffs in 2022.
Current team (2022)
Casper Ruud
Viktor Durasovic
Lukas Hellum Lilleengen
Simen Sunde Bratholm
Nicolai Budkov Kjær (Junior player)
Players
See also
Davis Cup
Norway Fed Cup team
External links
Davis Cup teams
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Bertram Richard Brooker, (March 31, 1888 – March 22, 1955) was one of Canada's pioneer abstract painters. A self-taught polymath, in addition to being a visual artist, Brooker was a Governor General's Award-winning novelist, as well as a poet, screenwriter, playwright, essayist, copywriter, graphic designer, and advertising executive.
Early life
Brooker was born in Croydon, England, to Richard Brooker and Mary Ann (Skinner) Brooker. When they were seventeen, they moved to Portage la Prairie, Manitoba in 1905 with their family. There was a booming economy and a huge influx of immigrants from England and elsewhere in Europe wanting to better their lives. In Portage la Prairie, Brooker worked with their father at the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway in a menial capacity. They attended night school and was, as a result, given clerical work at the railway.
Career
After moving to Neepawa, a small town northeast of Brandon, Manitoba, in 1912, they and their brother, Cecil, rented a movie theatre. From 1911 to 1914, Brooker was active in local theatre productions in Portage and Neepawa. They directed a play called Much Ado About Something at the Portage Opera House, and they seem to have acted in a number of local productions. Brooker's success at writing for films and local theatre inspired them to pursue journalism and newspaper layout design in Neepawa and then back in Portage la Prairie. In 1913 they married Mary Aurilla ("Rill") Porter, whom they had met when both were members of the St. Mary's Anglican choir in Portage. In 1914 they became editor of the Portage Review, a local newspaper. In 1915 they enlisted in the Royal Canadian Engineers in Winnipeg. After the war they worked for The Winnipeg Tribune, The Regina Leader-Post and The Winnipeg Free Press.
They moved to Toronto, Ontario in 1921 and joined the staff of Marketing magazine. Brooker served as the magazine's editor and publisher from 1924 until 1926. In 1923, they published their first book, Subconscious Selling. In their social life they sought out like-minded persons with a passion for art and music. The Brookers' modest Glenview Avenue house in the middle-class neighbourhood of Lawrence Park became a meeting place for creative individuals, including the conductor Ernest MacMillan and the artists Charles Comfort, Paraskeva Clark, and Kathleen Munn.
Around 1922 to 1924 Brooker began working on a series of non-objective paintings inspired by a profoundly mystical experience during a visit to the Presbyterian church in Dwight at the Lake of Bays in Ontario in 1923. This mystical experience reinforced their spiritualism and motivated them to attempt to render the mystical in art. Brooker began painting in an abstract style, and in 1927 held their first exhibition, organized by their friend Lawren Harris. That year their work was on display at the Canadian National Exhibition. They were one of the first Canadians to paint in this style, although Kathleen Munn exhibited abstract paintings before Brooker exhibited his. Later, they were influenced in their development as an artist by LeMoine FitzGerald.
Brooker's first set of abstracts, from 1922 to 1924, and later works such as Ascending Forms, c.1929, appear to be inspired by the Vorticist paintings of Wyndham Lewis (1882–1957), David Bomberg (1890–1957), William Roberts (1895–1980), and Helen Saunders (1885–1963). The art of this group, particularly that of Lewis, used abstraction in sharp-edged lines to denote movement in a violent, slashing way. Brooker's first abstracts are influenced by the English group's use of precisely defined geometrical forms in aggressive contortions and highly saturated hues. Although Brooker imitated Vorticist and Futurist forms, they were by no means a proponent of the politics of those movements.
After meeting Winnipeg-born painter and printmaker, Lionel LeMoine FitzGerald, in 1929, Brooker undertook a major stylistic change, in accordance with their new friend's practice, and began to mingle naturalist and abstract elements in their work. Although they sometimes returned to pure abstraction and sometimes ventured into paintings that were essentially representational, much of their work from 1930 until the end of their life was a playful mixture of these two modes. The conjoining of two styles became the mark of their work after 1930.
In 1929 they joined the staff of the J.J. Gibbons Advertising Agency.
In 1931 Brooker was embroiled in a controversy about nudity in art when a painting of theirs was removed from a gallery exhibition because it contained nudity. Brooker later wrote the essay "Nudes and Prudes" in 1931 as a rebuke.
In 1936, Brooker's novel Think of the Earth (1936) became the first work to win the Governor General's Award for Fiction, although very few copies were sold. In 1940 they joined the staff of the MacLaren Advertising Co.
They were elected a member of the Royal Canadian Academy and the Ontario Society of Artists. They were a founding member of the Canadian Group of Painters and belonged as well to the Canadian Society of Painters in Water Colour.
In 1972, the National Gallery of Canada held Bertram Brooker: a retrospective exhibition which travelled nationally.
Brooker Bibliography
Subconscious Selling (1923)
Layout Technique in Advertising (1929), writing as Richard W. Surrey
Copy Technique in Advertising (1930), writing as Richard W. Surrey
Yearbook of the Arts in Canada, (1929–30, 1936) edited by Brooker
Elijah (1930), drawings
Think of the Earth (1936)
The Tangled Miracle (1936), writing as Huxley Hearne
The Robber (1949)
Sounds Assembling: The Poetry of Bertram Brooker (1980)
Source:
References
Bibliography
King, James. Bertram Brooker: Life & Work. Toronto: Art Canada Institute, 2018.
Reid, Dennis. Bertram Brooker, 1888-1955 Ottawa: National Gallery of Canada, 1973.
External links
"Bertram Richard Brooker". The Canadian Encyclopedia.
Bertram Brooker holdings at the University of Manitoba archives
1888 births
1955 deaths
Canadian economics writers
Canadian male novelists
20th-century Canadian painters
Canadian male painters
English emigrants to Canada
Naturalized citizens of Canada
British economics writers
English male journalists
Journalists from Manitoba
20th-century English painters
English male painters
Modern painters
People from Croydon
Writers from Manitoba
People from Portage la Prairie
Governor General's Award-winning fiction writers
English male novelists
20th-century English novelists
20th-century Canadian novelists
20th-century Canadian male writers
Canadian male non-fiction writers
20th-century English male artists
20th-century Canadian male artists
The Morris Major and Austin Lancer are passenger car models that were produced by BMC Australia between 1958 and 1964.
Series I (1958 to 1959)
The Morris Major and Austin Lancer were introduced in March 1958, designated DO1101 and developed from the contemporary Wolseley 1500 and Riley One-Point-Five models then on sale in the United Kingdom. The Major and Lancer, along with the Wolseley 1500 were produced at BMC Australia's Victoria Park plant at Zetland in Sydney, Australia and were unique to that country, containing up to 98% local content. Australian produced Wolseley 1500s were also given the DO1101 model code.
The Morris Major/Austin Lancer/Wolseley 1500/Riley One-Point-Five all shared the same core design which had originally been developed as a possible replacement for the ever-popular Morris Minor by BMC's in-house design team at Longbridge, England. That plan was abandoned due to the Minor's unwavering appeal with the buying public and a Wolseley version was instead unveiled in 1957, followed by the Riley.
DO1101 was a lightweight, close coupled saloon incorporating the front torsion bar/rear leaf spring suspension, floor pan and accurate rack and pinion steering from the Morris Minor. All models in this series were powered by the famous B series power unit (I4,) of 1489 cc, mated to an MG Magnette type 4-speed manual transmission with floor mounted selector. Front seats were of traditional bucket type. Austin Lancer instruments (oil/fuel/temp/speed/odo) were housed in a nacelle placed in the orthodox position before the driver, whereas Morris instruments were framed in a central position. Electric windscreen wipers are integral with the 12 volt Lucas DC system. Large, heavy-duty drum brakes were common specification - by Lockheed for the Wolseley, Morris and Austin and Girling for the Riley. This formula resulted in a popular small-to-medium family car with lively performance, robust build and road manners that were markedly above average for the time.
The Major and Lancer, as distinct from the sportier and more luxurious Wolseley/Riley cars, shared a similar level of appointment, finish and engine tune with contemporary Morris and Austin models. Although comparatively modest, the Major/Lancer was quite a modern car with a generally high level of comfort, quality and value. The sporting potential of the Major/Lancer was recognised immediately and specially prepared cars were raced into the early 1960s.
Series II (1959 to 1962)
The Morris Major and Austin Lancer Series II models, designated DO1115, were released in July 1959. The Series I Morris Major / Austin Lancer had sold reasonably well and was profitable to build due to greatly offset tooling costs and extensive use of shared components. However, BMC Australia quickly invested in the thoroughly re-engineered and subsequently better received Series II. Thenceforth, the Australian cars became quite distinctive from their siblings.
Outwardly, the cars were now longer by , including an extended wheelbase, tailfins and new front sheet metal. Series II's styling seems to have been more inspired by American ideas and, to many eyes, this gave the cars a more handsome appearance. Several updates to the original design were introduced, many of these changes intended to make the cars more suitable for the tough Australian driving conditions, and to bolster its competitiveness with top selling rivals such as Holden and Volkswagen. The suspension was strengthened and extra reinforcement of the chassis was added. DO1115 interiors adopted a more supportive new front bench seat, cranked gear selector, dished twin spoke steering wheel, ventilation system (heater optional), and two round instrument clusters housed in a hooded nacelle now located conventionally and common to both models. Series II's engine retained its single SU HS2 carburettor with oil bath air filter / SU electric fuel pump and received a modified oil sump to afford greater ground clearance.
Early Series I rear axle units had acquired an unfortunate reputation for major failure in service - for Series II the axle and differential were duly modified, however, the experience had proven rather costly in terms of brand image.
The Series II received highly favourable reviews from the motoring press of the time, with its sweeping array of detail improvements, its enhanced handling characteristics and attractive pricing (£997/10s - inflation adjusted to 2015: $29,127.00 AUD) earning much praise.
Morris Major Elite (1962 to 1964)
The Morris Major Elite, designated YDO1, was introduced in March 1962. It replaced the Series II models, supplanting the Austin Lancer range completely due to the recent rationalisation of BMC Australia's dealer network: there were now "BMC Centres" only rather than separate outlets for each BMC marque. It was ultimately seen as unnecessary to distribute two versions of the same vehicle, though a "Series III Lancer" had been considered right up to the Elite's introduction. A 'new' Lancer equipped similarly to the forthcoming Elite was detailed in a motoring article by Trevor Davis writing in The Age as late as February 20, 1962, but this was probably only a short 'run-out' series.
The Elite was powered by the enlarged 1622 cc engine with greater performance, this version employing a Zenith VN type carburettor with a dry element air filter and Goss mechanical fuel pump. Telescopic rear shock absorbers, stronger fine spline axle shafts, seat belt mounting points and uprated front suspension rubbers featured among other technical revisions. A visually striking facelift was achieved with only minimal changes to sheet metal; this constituted Chrome window surrounds, a new full width radiator grille closely resembling that of the Mk VI Morris Oxford, and a "rocket" colour flash on the tailfins. Timely updates to basic equipment level included a fresh air heater/demister, duo-tone paint in various new plain and pastel colours, brighter interiors with redesigned seating (all foam front bench / reshaped rear seat) and a windscreen washer.
The retail price was also lowered from the previous Series II listing (to £940/0/0 - or, approximately $25,952.44 AUD when adjusted for inflation in 2015), making this already highly competitive Major an outstanding value package in the somewhat volatile auto market of 1962. Marketed under the tagline "Truly Australian", the perky "Morris Elite" held an impressive share of total BMC Australia sales at the time, and warranty claims were the least for any of their models then to date. YDO1 production ceased by February 1964 when the model was replaced by the Morris 1100
References
External links
Contemporary Press cuttings
Magazine Archive
Austin Lancer (Series II) sales brochure – 1960 Retrieved from austinlancer.tripod.com on 15 October 2009
Morris Major Interest Group Major Obsession Network
Major
Sedans
Rear-wheel-drive vehicles
1960s cars
Cars introduced in 1958
Cars of Australia
Shurdhah Island () is an island in northern Albania in the Vau i Dejës Reservoir. It was formed after the flooding of the Drin river valley during the construction of the HPS. It is the largest island in the reservoir with an area of 7.5 hectares. From the most northern tip of the island to the most southern tip of it, it has an estimated length of .It is accessible by tourist boat in summer from the Vau i Dejës dam or Rragam. Shurdhah attested in medieval sources as Sarda and its submerged area were an early medieval settlement in Albania linked to the Komani-Kruja culture.
Name
The name of the original Illyrian settlement was Sarda (Albanian Sardë). Later, the name was changed to Shurdha which means 'deaf' in Albanian. The name changed while Albania was an Atheist Communist state, when due to the strong religious connection of the island, it was forgotten.
History
Sarda was founded between the 6th and 7th centuries and is linked to the development of the Komani-Kruja culture in northern Albania. The town was strategically located on the old road from the Adriatic Sea to Dardania and served as a resting point along the trade route. The settlement originally had a wall encircling the entire hill it was built on. Encircled on three sides by the Drin river, Sarda had 12 defensive towers of various forms. Sarda seems to have been a modest settlement from its foundation to the 9th century when it saw rapid expansion. From the 9th to the 12th century Sarda developed continuously. Two rings of walls were built and fourteen churches were constructed within the site which covered at that time no more than 6ha. Sarda is attested as a bishopric since the 9th century. It may have become the new seat of a bishopric which was previously seated in Koman. In the 12th century, it became the seat of joint bishop of Sapa and Sarda.
In the 13th century Sarda had territorial disagreements with Scutari. The island was the original settlement of the feudal Lekë Dukagjini patriarch, famous for the rules of the Kanun.
It was ravaged by the Ottomans in 1491.
In 1973, when the dam was completed, the city of Sarda became an island on the left bank of the river Drin.
Ecclesiastical history
Around 1100 a Diocese of Sarda was established on the island.
No residential incumbents available.
The see of Sardë shortly comprised also the Diocese of Dagnum (Dagno, Daynum, Danj; Daynensis), founded as suffragan of Archbishopric of Antivari (now Bar, in Montenegro) during the second half of the fourteenth century, which was united with Sarda by Pope Martin V in 1428.
The bishopric of Sardë (Sardoniki) itself was suppressed no later than 1600, allegedly in 1491 when Pope Innocent VIII joined it to the Diocese of Sapë (Sappa), and the united sees were suffragans in the ecclesiastical province of the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Antivari until the end of the eighteenth century.
Titular see
In 1933 the diocese was restored as Titular bishopric of Sarda. The title has been held by:
Luis Baldo Riva, Redemptorists (C.SS.R.) (1969.03.13 – 1978.01.15) as Auxiliary Bishop of Trujillo (Peru) (1969.03.13 – 1977.06.27), later Bishop-Prelate of Territorial Prelature of Chuquibamba (Peru) (1977.06.27 – death 1983.06.27)
Roland Pierre DuMaine (1978.04.24 – 1981.01.27) as Auxiliary Bishop of San Francisco (California, USA) (1978.04.24 – 1981.01.27); later Bishop of San Jose (USA) (1981.01.27 – retired 1999.11.27)
François Xavier Nguyễn Văn Sang (85) (1981.03.24 – 1990.12.03) as Auxiliary Bishop of Hà Nôi (Hanoi, Vietnam) (1981.03.24 – 1990.12.03); later Bishop of Thái Bính (Vietnam) (1990.12.03 – retired 2009.07.25)
Titular Archbishop Ramiro Moliner Inglés (1993.01.02 – present)
Tourism
One can visit the ruins of the 11th-century medieval castle, which includes two rings of defensive walls and towers (some sadly submerged in the lake), the remains of a Byzantine church and other early medieval walls. The setting on the steep rocks rising from the lake is especially impressive.
References
Sources
External links
GCatholic
Islands of Albania
Geography of Shkodër County
Archaeological sites in Albania
Polycarpa scuba is a species of tunicate or sea squirt in the family Styelidae. It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean where it lives on the seabed.
Distribution and habitat
Polycarpa scuba is found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean.
References
Stolidobranchia
Animals described in 1971
The fourth season of Prison Break, an American serial drama television series commenced airing in the United States on September 1, 2008, on Fox. It consists of 24 episodes (22 television episodes and 2 straight to DVD episodes), 16 of which aired from September to December 2008. After a hiatus, it resumed on April 17, 2009 and concluded on May 15, 2009 with a two episode finale. The fourth season was announced as the final season of Prison Break, however the series returned in a limited series format as Prison Break: Resurrection, which premiered on April 4, 2017.
Cast
Main characters
Dominic Purcell as Lincoln Burrows
Wentworth Miller as Michael Scofield
Michael Rapaport as DHS Special Agent Don Self
Amaury Nolasco as Fernando Sucre
Wade Williams as Brad Bellick
Robert Knepper as Theodore "T-Bag" Bagwell
Chris Vance as James Whistler
Danay García as Sofia Lugo
Jodi Lyn O'Keefe as Gretchen Morgan
Sarah Wayne Callies as Sara Tancredi
William Fichtner as Alexander Mahone
Recurring characters
Episodes
Production
On January 13, 2009, Fox president Kevin Reilly confirmed the series would end at the conclusion of this season. They explained, "Prison Break got to a point where a lot of the stories had been told." At the time, they said there was a possibility of adding two extra episodes, they said "We want to finish strong." These extra two episodes became Prison Break: The Final Break, although they never aired on Fox, and became available only on DVD.
Home media release
References
External links
Prison Break
Prison Break episodes
2008 American television seasons
2009 American television seasons
re(Mix) (stylized as re(MIX)) is the twelfth remix album released by Japanese singer-songwriter Koda Kumi on March 11, 2020. It charted at No. 33 on the Oricon charts. It was their third remix album to not be under the Driving Hit's series. Unlike the majority of their remix albums, this album was not part of the Driving Hit's series.
Almost all of the songs from their studio album Re(cord) were placed on the album, with the exception of "Livin' La Vida Loca" and "Rich & Famous".
Information
re(Mix) is the twelfth remix album released by Koda Kumi. It was released one year after their previous remix album, Koda Kumi Driving Hit's 9 -Special Edition-, on March 11, 2020. It became their second lowest charting remix album, charting at No. 33 on the Oricon Albums Charts, with first week sales of 1,231. Unlike the majority of their remix albums, this album was not part of the Driving Hit's series. This made it the third outside of the series, the others being Koda Kumi Remix Album (2006) and Beach Mix (2012).
The album was released the same day as their concert videos Live Tour 2019 re(Live) -Black Cherry- and Live Tour 2019 re(Live) -Japonesque-.
All of the remixed songs were from their sixteenth studio album Re(cord). Two songs from the album were omitted: their English cover of Ricky Martin's hit "Livin' La Vida Loca" and their collaboration with Sean Paul, "Rich & Famous". However, two versions of "Goldfinger 2019" were used and the album began and ended with the song "k,".
Ten remix artists worked on the album, including shadow, KATFYR, KAZBONGO, Adolfo De La Torre Casmartiño, iamSHUM, Toki, Kiyoshi Sugo, MATZ, BUNNY and DJ Shimamura.
Track listing
"k," (shadow Remix)
"Eh Yo" (KATFYR Remix)
"Strip" (KAZBONGO Remix)
"Goldfinger 2019" (Adolfo De La Torre Casmartiño Remix)
"Put Your Hands Up!!!" (iamSHUM Remix)
"Merry Go Round" (Toki Remix)
"Get Naked" (Kiyoshi Sugo Remix)
"Again" (MATZ Remix)
"Summer Time" (iamSHUM Remix)
"Shutout" (BUNNY Remix)
"Do Me" (KATFYR Remix)
"OMG" (Kiyoshi Sugo Remix)
"Goldfinger 2019" (DJ Shimamura Remix)
"k," (KAZBONGO Remix)
Charts (Japan)
References
External links
Koda Kumi Official
2020 remix albums
Japanese-language remix albums
Rhythm Zone remix albums
Koda Kumi albums
Ramon "Ray" Davies is a New Zealand sailor who has competed in multiple Volvo Ocean Races and America's Cups. Their career as a professional sailor has lasted over 23 years including 16 years in the Team New Zealand fulfilling a variety of roles like helmsman, designer, strategist and even as the coach of the New Zealand team.
Davies was on the second-placed Merit Cup in the 1997–98 Whitbread Round the World Race. They then sailed with America One in the 2000 Louis Vuitton Cup, before helming the winning Illbruck Challenge in the 2001–02 Volvo Ocean Race. They joined Team New Zealand as a part of their weather team for the 2003 America's Cup. They were a member of New Zealand's afterguard for both the 2007 and 2013 America's Cups and backup helmsman for the 2017 America's Cup.
They have been a member of the Mean Machine sailing team since 1999.
References
New Zealand male sailors (sport)
Team New Zealand sailors
Volvo Ocean Race sailors
2000 America's Cup sailors
2007 America's Cup sailors
2013 America's Cup sailors
Extreme Sailing Series sailors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Abu Sadi (, also Romanized as Abū Sa‘dī) is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 992, in 264 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Erythronium quinaultense, the Quinault fawn-lily, is a rare plant species endemic to a small region around Lake Quinault in Olympic National Park, Washington state, United States.
Erythronium quinaultense produces egg-shaped bulbs up to 75 mm long. Leaves are up to 20 cm long. Scape is up to 25 cm long, bearing 1–3 flowers. Tepals have yellow, white and pink bands perpendicular to the veins.
References
quinaultense
Endemic flora of Washington (state)
Plants described in 2001
Olympic National Park
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Debabrata Goswami FInstP FRSC, (Devanagari गोस्वामी) is an Indian chemist and the Prof. S. Sampath Chair Professor of Chemistry, at the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur.  They are also a Professor (Higher Administrative Grade) of The Department of Chemistry and The Center for Lasers & Photonics at the same Institute. Goswami is an associate editor of the open-access journal Science Advances.  They are also an Academic Editor for PLOS One and PeerJ Chemistry. They have contributed to the theory of Quantum Computing as well as nonlinear optical spectroscopy. Their work is documented in more than 200 research publications.  They are an elected Fellow of the Royal Society of Chemistry, Fellow of the Institute of Physics, the SPIE, and The Optical Society.  They are also a Senior Member of the IEEE, has been awarded a Swarnajayanti Fellowship for Chemical Sciences, and has held a Wellcome Trust Senior Research Fellowship.  They are the third Indian to be awarded the International Commission for Optics Galileo Galilei Medal for excellence in optics.
Scholarship
In 2017, they were elected Fellow of the Optical Society of America "for seminal and significant contributions in ultrafast optical instrumentation for exploitation in cross-disciplinary fields like quantum information and biomedical applications as well as pedagogy in optics and photonics and voluntary services to OSA" (Engineering and Science Research).
Goswami has demonstrated near-IR rapid Femtosecond Laser pulse shaping in the Megahertz repetition domain, which is the current state of the art metric for the generation of shaped laser pulses. This latest demonstration of rapid near-IR femtosecond pulse shaping is based on their original approach of Fourier Transform Femtosecond Pulse Shaping that utilizes a programmable traveling wave grating in an acousto-optic modulator. Pushing the limits of current technology and the realization of improved standards of experimentation has been a coherent part of their research narrative. Their approach to Femtosecond pulse shaping has been crucial for applications from the demonstration of control in the gas phase fragmentation reactions to 2D IR spectroscopy and quantum computing.
Their work has built upon a history of over thirty years of working on pulsed laser experiments and has established other milestones in the field. They developed the self-calibrated femtosecond optical tweezers method for reproducible pulsed laser optical tweezers experiments with an additional forced oscillatory mode of motion. They went on to use the femtosecond optical tweezers to provide a direct measure and control of 'in situ' temperature and viscosity at micro-scale volumes. They used this method to directly detect colloidal assembly, their structure, and orientation, which affirmed the spatiotemporal aspects of the method.
Breaking the barrier of programmable pulsed laser generation has been concomitant to their insights into the theoretical aspects of pulsed light and heat dissipation dynamics. Their work on the cumulative thermal effects of femtosecond infrared lasers, has revolutionized the existing framework of laser heat dissipation. This has in turn been shown to be the key to mitigating the deleterious effect of heat accumulation during sensitive measurements of nonlinear optical properties. Further, this led to the first demonstration of the hitherto unexplored distinction between molecular structures with femtosecond laser-induced thermal spectroscopy. Femtosecond thermal spectroscopy with infrared lasers has thus become a new spectroscopic identification method.
In more direct applications of the experimental framework driving their work, they have demonstrated how to distinguish overlapping fluorophores in multi-photon imaging microscopy using near-IR high repetition rate femtosecond lasers by exploiting repeated excitation and de-excitation processes that help to distinguish and eventually eliminate abnormal cells from healthy ones.
Education
1964. B.Sc. Jadavpur University, 1986. M.Sc. IIT Kanpur, 1988.Princeton University, M.A. 1990; Ph.D. 1994. PDF at Harvard University, 1993-94. Their work at Princeton overlapped with future Nobel laureate in physics Donna Strickland.
Career
After graduating, they spent two years at the Brookhaven National Laboratory from 1994-1996 before spending a year at Quantronix Corporation in 1997. They returned to the Princeton University Center for Ultrafast Laser Labs in 1998. They returned to India to join the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research as a Fellow-E in 1998 as part of the DNAP (Department of Nuclear and Atomic Physics). In 2003, They moved to the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, their alma-mater, to join the Department of Chemistry as an Associate professor and has remained there since, currently as a Professor (Higher Administrative Grade). They were awarded the Prof. S. Sampath Chair Professorship of Chemistry in 2018. They also hold a joint appointment at the same institute in The Center for Lasers & Photonics.
Outreach
National Programme on Technology Enhanced Learning course on Quantum Computing
Ultrafast Laser Virtual Lab
References
External links
Full list of publications
21st-century Indian chemists
21st-century Indian physicists
Living people
1964 births
IIT Kanpur alumni
IIT Kanpur faculty
Fellows of SPIE
Fellows of the Optical Society
Fellows of the Royal Society of Chemistry
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Senior Members of the IEEE
Jadavpur University alumni
Princeton University alumni
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research faculty
Scientists from West Bengal
Alaa El-Din Abdoun (born 19 February 1965) is an Egyptian basketball player. They competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Basketball players at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Egyptian men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Egypt
Shaquille is a 2005 series on ESPN featuring NBA center Shaquille O'Neal. The television show ran six episodes, running before each game of the 2005 Western Conference Finals and before Game One of the NBA Finals. The show ran about 30 minutes.
The television show followed O'Neal on and off the court. They discussed their thoughts on former teammate Kobe Bryant, their determination on winning an NBA championship with their first season on the Miami Heat, and more.
The ratings of the mini-series were so high that a DVD of the original six episodes was released on January 31, 2006, titled Shaq TV: The Reality Series.
Episodes
Shaq settles into their new life in Miami and sets out to win an NBA championship with their new team. The team's first road trip is chronicled and includes an exclusive interview with Shaq regarding their career, relationship with the Rockets, and former teammate Kobe Bryant. Shaq returns to Los Angeles for a Christmas Day showdown with their former team and a special family night with their wife and kids.
Shaq and the Miami Heat head out on a West Coast road trip. Shaq meets with Nike representatives and gets a sneak peek at their latest line of footwear and visits with a special friend who is battling cancer. Shaq also gives a rare and revealing look at their life on the road and spends a day off in Phoenix and visits old friends at their favorite barbershop. The show also goes behind the scenes of a big-budget commercial starring Shaq and ride along with them as they serve as the Grand Marshal of the City of Miami Beach Parade. Shaq also films another commercial that provides a great deal of comic relief.
Shaq returns once again to Los Angeles. This time they have some fun-time with their kids and visits old friends at their favorite barbershop. We also go behind the scenes of a big budget commercial starring Shaq and ride along with them as they serve as the grand marshal of a City of Miami Beach Parade. Shaq also films another commercial that provides a great deal of comic relief.
As the Miami Heat and Shaq continue their push towards a championship, Shaq gets a little downtime at home with their wife and kids. Shaq goes up against Yao Ming, LeBron James and Dirk Nowitzki and helps push the Heat to the best record in their division. Exclusive access to team practices gives a revealing inside look at the passion and power of Shaquille O'Neal.
Shaq and the Heat square off against the powerhouse Spurs and they go head to head with All-Star Tim Duncan. Shaq's wife and kids create a Valentine's Day surprise for him, and they give viewers a unique look into the business side of their career. Shaq also spends a romantic night out with their wife and has some fun getting razzed by their teammates during a free-throw competition in practice.
Shaq packs up and heads to Denver for their 12th NBA All-Star appearance. Viewers get an all-access pass to this star-studded event as Shaq spends four days in the mile-high city practicing with the league's elite players, putting on charity events and entertaining the fans as well as the media. Shaq returns home and continues their dedicated quest to bring the championship to Miami.
External links
ShaqTV on DVD
ESPN original programming
Basketball in the United States
2000s American reality television series
2005 American television series debuts
2005 American television series endings
Shaquille O'Neal
Robiquetia wassellii, commonly known as the green pouched orchid, is an epiphytic or lithophytic orchid from the family Orchidaceae. It has thick roots, a pendulous stem, between three and six crowded, dark green leaves and many crowded dark green flowers with pink to red centres and a white to yellowish labellum. It grows on trees and rocks in rainforest in tropical North Queensland, Australia.
Description
Robiquetia wassellii is an epiphytic or lithophytic herb that forms sparse clumps. It has thick roots and a pendulous stem, long. There are between three and six dark green leaves long and about wide. A large number of resupinate, cup-shaped, dark green flowers with a pink to red centre, long, are crowded on a pendulous flowering stem long. The sepals are blunt, narrow egg-shaped, long and wide, the dorsal sepal slightly longer and narrower than the lateral sepals. The petals are about long and wide. The labellum is white to yellowish, about long and wide and is basin-like with a beak-like tip and a spur about . Flowering occurs from June to August.
Taxonomy and naming
Robiquetia wassellii was first formally described in 1967 by Alick Dockrill who published the description in Australasian Sarcahthinae from a specimen collected in the McIlwraith Range by Joseph Leathom Hole Wassell. The specific epithet (wassellii) honours the collector of the type specimen.
Distribution and habitat
The green pouched orchid grows on trees and boulders in humid rainforest in the Iron and McIlwraith Ranges.
References
wassellii
Epiphytic orchids
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 1967
Polybenzoxazines, also called benzoxazine resins, are cured polymerization products derived from benzoxazine monomers.
Monomers
Benzoxazines are bicyclic heterocyclic compounds containing one oxygen and one nitrogen atom in a doubly unsaturated six-member ring, specifically a 1,3-oxazine ring, fused with a benzene ring. The systematic IUPAC name of the prototypical unsubstituted monomer is 3,4-dihydro-3-phenyl-2H-1,3-benzoxazine. Benzoxazines are products of condensation between an amine, a phenol and formaldehyde, used to produce thermoset resins or thermosetting polymer. Because of the wide availability and low-cost of starting materials (amines, phenols and formaldehyde), as well as ease of preparation (one-pot reaction) diverse benzoxazines are available. Numerous research focus on the different curing temperature, and polymer properties, such as cross-linking, from benzoxazines derived from substituted phenols.
Commercial benzoxazines by Huntsman are based on bisphenols: bisphenol-A, bisphenol-F, thiodiphenol or dicyclopentadienediphenol.
Synthesis
Benzoxazines can be prepared by a one-pot process by heating an aromatic amine, a phenol and formaldehyde. Alternatively, they can be prepared sequentially.
Curing
Curing of benzoxazines takes place by thermal ring-opening polymerisation with or without catalyst. (Catalysts reduce curing temperature.) Benzoxazines can be homopolymerized to yield rigid materials, or can be copolymerized with other monomers to tune properties.
Polymers
The result of heating up benzoxazine monomers is a high molecular weight thermoset polymer matrix. Composites of it are used where enhanced mechanical performance, flame and fire resistance compared to epoxy and phenolic resins is required.
Polybenzoxazines are a class of halogen-free high-performance polymers.
The main applications of polybenzoxazines resins are in fibre-reinforced plastic and as adhesives. They are substitutes of epoxy, phenolic and bismaleimide resins. Because of their superior resistance to chemicals, low flammability, and excellent heat stability, they are used for components that are exposed to high temperatures and corrosive media. Examples include chemical and heat resistant coatings, adhesives, prepregs, and encapsulants as well as halogen-free laminates for printed circuit boards. Polybenzoxazines are also used in the automotive and aerospace industries for applications where superior thermal and mechanical properties relative to conventional resins are required.
Copolymers
It has been reported that it is possible to copolymerize benzoxazines with other monomers such as epoxy and urethane. This copolymerization could lead to higher crosslink network density and, consequently, to improvement in properties. In fact, experimental data reveals improvement in thermal properties. Glass transition temperature and degradation were improved by the copolymerization.
Advantages
No volatile release during cure
Viscosities as low as 1000 cP at processing temperatures
Near zero shrinkage
Room temperature storage stability
Gel times of as short as 17 minutes at 155 °C
Good hydrophobicity
Gel temperature Tg at 140 - 250 °C or higher
Excellent electrical properties (low dielectric constant and dissipation factors)
Good chemical resistance
See also
Thermosetting polymer
Thermoset polymer matrix
Plastic
References
Benzoxazines
Adhesives
Organic polymers
Synthetic resins
Thermosetting plastics
Ulupınar is a village in the Burdur district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Burdur District
This list of natural disasters in New Zealand documents notable natural disasters and epidemics that have occurred in New Zealand since 1843. Of these natural disasters, the 1918 flu pandemic resulted in the highest loss of life with 8,600 deaths in New Zealand.
Notable natural disasters
See also
List of disasters in New Zealand by death toll
List of natural disasters in Australia
Notes
References
Natural disasters
Natural disasters in New Zealand
Natural disasters
Palak-e Olya (, also Romanized as Palak-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Bala Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 361, in 89 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Leonid Semyonoviсh Kanevski (, ; 2 May 1939, Kiev, USSR) is a Soviet, Russian and Israeli actor. They became popular with the Soviet audience after starring in The Investigation Is Conducted by ZnaToKi detective series where they appeared as major Tomin.
Filmography
1963 — Forty Minutes Before Dawn — Store manager in a village general store
1965 — City of Masters — Head of the secret police
1967 — The Life and Ascension of Yuras Bratchik — A henchman of the cardinal, posing as a blind beggar
1967 — Two Hours Earlier — Ensemble administrator
1968 — Spring on the Oder — Intelligence officer Oganesyan
1968 — Smile to Your Neighbor — House Manager
1968 — The Punisher — Mr. Andreas
1968 — The Diamond Arm — Contrabandist, put in plaster
1969 — The Red Tent — Italian Radio Operator
1969 — Every Evening at Eleven — Saxophonist
1969 — Abduction — Director
1969 — Commandant Lauterburg — Collins
1970 — Amazing Boy — Boxer Uppercut
1971 — 2003 — The Investigation Is Conducted by ZnaToKi — Tomin
1972 — Train Stop — Two Minutes — Krasovsky
1972 — So the Summer Has Passed
1974 — Adventures in a City that does not Exist — Captain Bonaventure
1978 — d'Artagnan and Three Musketeers
1982 — Along Unknown Paths — Desyatnik Millionskiy
1983 — Mary Poppins, Goodbye — as Bob Goodetty
1984 — Pippi Longstocking
1990 — Death in the Cinema
2001 — Late Marriage
2005 — Poor Relatives
2008 — Photographer
2009 — Semin
2010 — Between the Lines — Efim (Fima) Melnik
2011 — Semin. Retribution —Boris Petrovich Semin, Police colonel, Head of Department (main role)
2011 — Cars 2 — Finn McMissile (Russian version)
2012 — Welcome and … Our Condolences — as Himself (outro gag)
2017 — Purely Moscow Murders —Grigory
2017 — Hotel of Happy Hearts — Aron Moiseevich, Pawnshop Owner
2018 — What Men Talk About. Continuation — Semyon, Lesha's Father
2019 — Women's Version. The Secret of the Party Dacha — Boris Semyonovich Bystrykh, Member of the Central Committee of the CPSU, father of Svetlana
TV
Kanevsky is the host and main person behind the NTV crime documentary series The investigation led by... (2006–).
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Ukrainian Jews
Actors from Kyiv
Soviet male film actors
Soviet male television actors
Russian male film actors
Russian male television actors
Russian television presenters
Russian emigrants to Israel
Israeli male film actors
Israeli male television actors
Honored Artists of the RSFSR
Soviet Jews
Jewish male actors
Jewish Russian actors
In Cook Islands mythology, Auparu ("gentle dew") is a stream in Rarotonga, the bathing-place of nymphs or fairies.
References
Rarotonga
Cook Islands mythology
The following is a list of pilots and other aircrew who flew during the Battle of Britain, and were awarded the Battle of Britain Clasp to the 1939–45 Star by flying at least one authorised operational sortie with an eligible unit of the Royal Air Force or Fleet Air Arm during the period from 0001 hours on 10 July to 2359 hours 31 October 1940.
History
In 1942, the Air Ministry made the decision to compile a list from records of the names of pilots who had lost their lives as a result of the fighting during the Battle of Britain for the purpose of building a national memorial. This became the Battle of Britain Chapel at Westminster Abbey, which was unveiled by King George VI on 10 July 1947. The Roll of Honour within the Chapel contains the names of 1,497 pilots and aircrew killed or mortally wounded during the Battle.
Nothing was done officially, however, to define the qualifications for the classification of a Battle of Britain airman until 9 November 1960. AMO N850, published by the Air Ministry, stated for the first time the requirements for the awarding of the Battle of Britain Star, and listed the 71 units which were deemed to have been under the control of RAF Fighter Command.
In 1955 Flt Lt John Holloway, a serving RAF officer, began a personal challenge to compile a complete list of "The Few". After fourteen years of research Flt Lt Holloway had 2,946 names on the list. Of these airmen, 537 were killed during the Battle or later died of wounds received.
The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, founded by Geoffrey Page, raised funds for the construction of the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne near Folkestone in Kent. The Memorial, unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 9 July 1993, shares the site with the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall on which a complete list of "The Few" is engraved.
More recently, the Battle of Britain Monument on the Victoria Embankment in London was unveiled on 18 September 2005 by Charles, Prince of Wales and their wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall. The idea for the monument was conceived by the Battle of Britain Historical Society which then set about raising funds for its construction. The outside of the monument is lined with bronze plaques listing all the Allied airmen who took part in the Battle.
D
E
F
{|class="wikitable"
|-
!Name!!Rank!!Nationality!!Sqn during Battle!!Awards!!Notes
|-
|Fajtl, František||Flt Lt||CZ||17 & 1 Sqns||||Died 4 October 2006
|-
|Falkowski, Jan Pawel||Fg Off||POL||32 Sqn||VM, KW***, DFC||
|-
|Farley, Walter Ronald||Flt Lt||BR||156 & 46 Sqns||DFC||KIA 21 April 1942 (as Wg Cdr, CO of 138 Sqn)
|-
|Farmer, James Nigel Watts||Flt Lt||BR||302 Sqn||||
|-
|Farnes, Eric||Plt Off||BR||141 Sqn||||Died 23 September 1985
|-
|Farnes, Paul Caswell Powe||Sgt||BR||501 Sqn||DFM||Official Ace. Died 28 January 2020. Last surviving ace of the battle.
|-
|Farquhar, Andrew Douglas||Wg Cdr||BR||257 Sqn||DFC||Died mid-1960s
|-
|Farrow, John Robinson||Sgt||BR||229 Sqn||||KIA 8 October 1940 (Pilot)
|-
|Fathing, John||Sgt||BR||235 Sqn||||
|-
|Fawcett, Derek P||Sgt||BR||29 Sqn||||KIA 15 September 1941
|-
|Fayolle, Emile Francois Marie Leonce||Plt Off (Adj)||Free FR||85 Sqn||DFC, CdeL||KIA 14 August 1942
|-
|Fearns, Francis||Sgt||BR||601 Sqn||||Service details unknown
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Feary, Alan Norman||Sgt||BR||609 Sqn||||Official Ace, KIA 7 October 1940 (Pilot)
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Feather, John Leslie||Sgt||BR||235 Sqn||||KIA 18 September 1940
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Fechtner, Emil||Plt Off||CZ||310 Sqn||DFC||KIA 29 October 1940
|-
|Fejfar, Stanislav||Plt Off||CZ||310 Sqn||||KIA 17 May 1942
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Fenemore, Stanley Allen||Sgt||BR||245 & 501 Sqn||||KIA 15 October 1940
|-
|Fenn, Cecil Francis||Sgt||BR||248 Sqn||||Died 27 December 1987
|-
|Fenton, Harold Arthur||Sqn Ldr||BR||238 Sqn (CO)||CBE, DSO, DFC||Retired 1957
|-
|Fenton, John Ollis||Plt Off||BR||235 Sqn||||KIA 28 May 1941
|-
|Fenton, Walter Gordon||Sgt||NZ||604 Sqn||||
|-
|Fenwick, Charles Raymond||Plt Off||BR||610 Sqn||||
|-
|Fenwick, Samuel Green||Plt Off||BR||601 Sqn||||Buried with RAF honours in Devon 2007
|-
|Ferdinand, Roy Fredrick||Plt Off||BR||263 Sqn||||KIA 12 June 1941
|-
|Ferguson, Eric Hannah||Sgt||BR||141 Sqn||||KIA 11 April 1943
|-
|Ferguson, Peter John||Sqn Ldr||BR||602 Sqn||||
|-
|Feric, Miroslaw||Plt Off||POL||303 Sqn||VM, KW*, DFC||KIFA Feb 1942
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Ferriss, Henry Michael||Flt Lt||BR||111 Sqn||DFC||Official Ace, KIA 16 August 1940
|-
|Fildes, Frank||AC||BR||25 Sqn||||
|-
|Finch||Sgt||BR||615 Sqn||||Service details unknown
|-
|Finch, T R H||Fg Off||BR||151 Sqn||||Service details unknown
|-
|Finlay, Donald Osborne "Don"||Sqn Ldr||BR||41 & 54 Sqns||DFC, AFC, MiD||Official Ace; Died 19 April 1970
|-
|Finnie, Archibald||Plt Off||BR||54 Sqn||||KIA 25 July 1940
|-
|Finnis, John Frederick Fortescue||Flt Lt||SR||1 & 229 Sqns||||
|-
|Finucane, Brendan Eamonn Fergus "Paddy"||Wg Cdr||IRE||65 Sqn||DSO, DFC**||KIA 15 July 1942
|-
|Fisher, Anthony George Anson||Fg Off||BR||111 Sqn||||Died July 1988
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Fisher, Basil Mark||Fg Off||BR||111 Sqn||||KIA 15 August 1940
|-
|Fisher, Gerald||Fg Off||BR||602 Sqn||||Died 1973
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Fiske, William Meade Lindsley "Billy"||Plt Off||AME||601 Sqn||||KIA 17 August 1940
|-
|Fitzgerald, Thomas Bernard||Fg Off||NZ||141 Sqn||DFC||Born Timaru, New Zealand, 11 July 1917 Short Service Commission in RAF, Jun 1938; made war's first single-engined operational flight when they dropped leaflets over Frankfurt and tested night defences, 19 September 1939; Personal Assistant to Gen Hoyt D. Vandenberg, USAAF, Feb 1945; relinquished commission as Flt Lt (Temp. Sqn Ldr) on appointment to RNZAF, Feb 1946; retired Dec 1947. Died Christchurch, New Zealand, 12 August 2006
|-
|Fizel, Joseph Francis||AC1||BR||29 Sqn||||Died 29 August 1976; Also spelt "Fizell"
|-
|Fleming, John||Fg Off||NZ||605 Sqn||MBE||
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Fleming, Robert David Spittall||Plt Off||BR||249 Sqn||||KIA 7 September 1940
|-
|Fletcher, Andrew William||Sqn Ldr||CAN||235 Sqn||DFC||
|-
|Fletcher, John Denys||Sgt||BR||3 Sqn||||KIA 8 February 1942
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Fletcher, John Gordon Bewley||Sgt||BR||604 Sqn||||KIA 25 August 1940 Blenheim L6782 crashed near Witheridge, Exeter, cause unknown.
|-
|Fletcher, Walter Thomas||Sgt||NZ||23 Sqn||||
|-
|Flinders, John L "Polly"||Plt Off||BR||32 Sqn||||Died 1988
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Flood, Fredrick William||Flt Lt||AUS||235 Sqn||||MIA 11 September 1940
|- style="background:silver;"
|Flower, Hubert Luiz||Sgt||BR||248 Sqn||||Surviving aircrew|-
|Foglar, Vaclav||Sgt||CZ||245 Sqn||||KIFA Dec 1947
|-
|Foit, Emil Antonin||Plt Off||CZ||85 Sqn||DFC||Died 1976
|-
|Fokes, Ronald Henry||Sgt||BR||92 Sqn||DFM||KIA 12 June 1944
|-
|Folliard, James Henry||AC||BR||604 Sqn||||Died 1981
|-
|Fopp, Desmond||Sgt||AUS||17 Sqn||AFC||
|-
|Forbes, Athol Stanhope||Flt Lt||BR||303 & 66 Sqns||||Official Ace; Died 1981
|-
|Ford, Ernest George||Sgt||CAN||3 & 232 Sqn||||KIA 12 December 1942 (Canada)
|-
|Ford, Roy Clement "Henry"||Sgt||BR||41 Sqn||||Born Hastings, Sussex, 1915 Commissioned Nov 1940; released from RAF, Oct 1945; commissioned in RAFVR, Sep 1947; retired May 1952 Died December 2002
|-
|Forde, Derek Nigel||Fg Off||BR||145 & 605 Sqns||DFC||Died 16 January 1979
|-
|Forrest, Dudley Henry||Sgt||BR||66 Sqn & 421 Flt||||
|-
|Forrester, George Mathwin||Plt Off||BR||605 Sqn||||KIA 9 September 1940 (collided with He111)
|-
|Forshaw, Terence Henry Trimble||Flt Lt||BR||19, 616 & 609 Sqns||||
|-
|Forster, Anthony Douglas||Fg Off||BR||151 & 607 Sqns||DFC||
|-
|Forsyth, Colin Leo Malcolm||Sgt||NZ||23 Sqn||DFC, DFM||KIA 8 May 1944
|-
|Forward, Ronald Victor||Sgt||BR||257 Sqn||||
|- style="background:silver;"
|Foster, Robert William||Plt Off||BR||605 Sqn||DFC||Surviving aircrew|-
|Fotheringham, Allan Cook||Sgt||BR||3 Sqn||||Captured and made POW 15 February 1941 Died 1984
|-
|Fott, E A||Plt Off||CZ||310 Sqn||||Service details unknown
|-
|Fowler, Alfred Lawrence||Plt Off||NZ||248 Sqn||DFC||KIFA 23 August 1941
|-
|Fowler, Reginald John||Sgt||BR||247 Sqn||||
|-
|Fox, Lawrence||AC1||BR||29 Sqn||||
|-
|Fox, Peter Hutton||Sgt||BR||56 Sqn||||Captured and made POW 28 June 1941; Died
|-
|Foxley-Norris, Christopher Neil||Fg Off||BR||3 Sqn||DSO, OBE, GCB||Retired 1974 with the rank of AVM. Died 28 September 2003
|-
|Fox-Male, Dennis Humbert||Plt Off||BR||152 Sqn||||Died 1 April 1986
|-
|Francis, A||Sgt||BR||3 Sqn||||Service details unknown
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Francis, Colin Dunstone||Plt Off||BR||253 Sqn||||KIA 30 August 1940
|-
|Francis, Clarence William "Bill"||Sgt||BR||74 & 3 Sqns||||
|-
|Francis, Douglas Norman||Sgt||BR||257 Sqn||||Died 7 January 1961
|-
|Francis, John||Sgt||BR||23 Sqn||||
|-
|Francis, Noel Inglis Chalmers||Sgt||BR||247 Sqn||||KIA 9 December 1941
|-
|Franklin, Walter Derrick Kerr||Fg Off||JAM||74 Sqn||||Died 25 October 2001
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Franklin, William Henry||Plt Off||BR||65 Sqn||DFM*||Official Ace, MIA 12 December 1940
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|František, Josef||Sgt||CZ||303 Sqn||CdeG, DFM*, VM||KIFA 8 October 1940
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Fraser, Robert Henry Braund||Sgt||BR||257 Sqn||||KIA 22 October 1940
|-
|Freeborn, John Connell||Fg Off||BR||74 Sqn||DFC*||Official Ace, (1 December 1919 – 28 August 2010)
|-
|Freeman, Richard Powell||Sgt||BR||29 Sqn||||
|-
|Freer, Peter Foster||PO||BR||29 Sqn||||KIA 11 May 1941
|-
|Freese, Laurence Eric||Sgt||BR||611 & 74 Sqn||||KIA 10 January 1941
|-
|French, Thomas Lennox||Sgt||BR||29 Sqn||||KIA 14 December 1942
|-
|Frey, Juliusz A K W||Flt Lt||POL||607 Sqn||KW||
|-
|Friend, Jack Richard||Sgt||BR||25 Sqn||||KIA 7 December 1940
|-
|Friendship, Alfred Henry Basil||Plt Off||BR||3 Sqn||DFM||
|-
|Fripp, Joffre Harry||Sgt||BR||248 Sqn||||Died 1973
|-
|Frisby, Edward Murray||Fg Off||BR||504 Sqn||||KIA 5 December 1941
|- style="background:#2ee;"
|Frith, Eric Thomas G||Sgt||BR||611 & 92 Sqns||||WIA 9 October 1940, Died 17 October 1940
|-
|Frizell, Charles George||Plt Off||CAN||257 Sqn||||
|-
|Frost, Jack Lynch||Plt Off||BR||600 Sqn||||
|-
|Fulford, David||Sgt||BR||64 & 19 Sqns||DFC||KIA 2 November 1942
|-
|Fumerton, Robert Carl "Moose"||Plt Off||CAN||32 Sqn||DFC*, AFC||
|-
|Furneaux, Rex Horton||Sgt||BR||3 & 73 Sqns||||
|-
|Furst, Bohumir||Sgt||CZ||310 & 605 Sqns||||Died 2 January 1978
|}
Notes on table
Ranks given are those held during the Battle of Britain, although a higher rank may have been achieved after the Battle.
All individuals listed in bold and highlighted in silver are believed to be still alive.
Aircrew listed as KIA, MIA, WIA or KIFA during the Battle of Britain are highlighted in blue.
The awards listed include those made during the Battle of Britain and during the remainder of World War II, as well as any made post-war.
In order to limit the numbers of footnotes which would otherwise be required, the symbol ‡ under "Notes" indicates several entries in the text of Ramsay 1989, while the symbol †''' indicates that information on the circumstances under which an airman became a casualty during the Battle is included in the text of the book. Where more than one crew member of a multi place aircraft was involved this is included as a cross-reference under "Notes"
In addition to 2,353 British aircrew, the RAF Roll of Honour recognises 574 personnel from other countries; namely:
Australia, Barbados, Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, France, Ireland, Jamaica, Newfoundland, New Zealand, Poland, Rhodesia, South Africa and the United States.
Abbreviations
(CO) after "Sqn" denotes Commanding Officer of that squadron, as per the RAF Fighter Command Order of Battle on 15 September 1940, unless otherwise indicated.
(FAA) after a rank denotes a member of the Fleet Air Arm rather than the RAF.
"KIA" – "killed in action"
"KIFA" – "killed in flying accident", i.e. not during combat
"MIA" – "missing in action".
"WIA" – "wounded in action" leading to death which, in some cases, may have occurred months later.
"POW" – "prisoner of war".
For details of RAF rank abbreviations, see RAF Commissioned Officer Ranks and RAF Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks.
For details of FAA rank abbreviations, see FAA Commissioned Officer Ranks.
Nationalities
Awards
See also
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
List of World War II aces from the United Kingdom
List of World War II flying aces by country
List of World War II flying aces
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (A–C)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (G–K)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (L–N)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (O–R)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (S–U)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (V–Z)
Notes
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Ramsay, Winston, ed. The Battle of Britain Then and Now Mk V. London: Battle of Britain Prints International Ltd, 1989. .
Ringlstetter, Herbert (2005). Helmut Wick, An Illustrated Biography of the Luftwaffe Ace And Commander of Jagdgeschwader 2 During The Battle of Britain''. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Publishing. .
Remembering the Battle of Britain
Robert Dixon, '607 Squadrons: A Shade of Blue'. The History Press 2008.
Robert Dixon, 'A Gathering of Eagles' PublishBritannica 2004,
RAF aircrew
To Love () is a 1964 Swedish drama film written and directed by Jörn Donner. For their performance Harriet Andersson was awarded Volpi Cup for Best Actress at the 25th Venice International Film Festival.
Plot
Cast
Harriet Andersson as Louise
Zbigniew Cybulski as Fredrik
Isa Quensel as Märta
Thomas Svanfeldt as Jacob
Nils Eklund as Vicar
Jane Friedmann as Nora
Jan Erik Lindqvist as Speaker
References
External links
1964 films
Swedish drama films
1964 drama films
Films directed by Jörn Donner
1960s Swedish films
Kamini Pather (born 20 April 1983) is a South African chef, food blogger, and television and radio personality. They won the second season of MasterChef South Africa in 2013 and hosted the food travel series Girl Eat World.
Early life and education
A fifth-generation South African of South Indian origin, Pather was born in Mobeni Heights, a suburb of Durban to parents Rajen and Anitha and grew up in Glenwood. They have a younger brother, Neelan. They attended Durban Girls' College and went on to graduate with a Bachelor of Commerce in Marketing and Management from the University of KwaZulu-Natal. They hold a diploma from the Red and Yellow Creative School of Business and has a qualification in yoga.
Career
After writing for Aficionado, Pather started their own food blog, then titled Deelishuss, in 2008. In 2012, they worked for the online food magazine CRUSH and in 2013, worked as a food assistant for Siba Mtongana. Pather's radio gigs have included 2oceansvibe Radio, Good Hope FM, and Heart 104.9 FM.
Pather won the second season of MasterChef South Africa in 2013.
Pather hosted and produced the food travel series Girl Eat World with Lucky Bean Media. Filming for the series took place in 2014 over the course of 9 weeks, taking place in 10 difference cities around the world and involving said cities' local food bloggers. It premiered on SABC 3 in May 2015. It was also broadcast in other countries. The series won a 2016 SAFTA for Best Magazine Show.
They ran the 2016 Cape Town Marathon. They appeared as a guest judge on Top Chef South Africa.
In 2017, Pather released a kitchenware line, Kitchen Kulture. In 2018, they collaborated with South African meal kit service UCOOK and went on to launch Füdy, their own plant-based dark kitchen via UberEats SA.
Pather released Eat Glocal, an e-book on Indian South African cooking, in January 2021.
Bibliography
Eat Glocal (2021)
References
External links
Living people
1983 births
People from Durban
Reality cooking competition winners
South African bloggers
South African chefs
South African cookbook writers
South African people of Indian descent
South African radio personalities
South African television personalities
University of KwaZulu-Natal alumni
Women chefs
Women cookbook writers
The 1975 South Pacific Games was the fifth edition where football was played and was held in Guam during August 1975.
Group stage
Group 1
Group 2
Semi finals
Bronze medal match
Gold medal match
External links
Details on RSSSF website
Football at the Pacific Games
Pac
P
1975 Pacific Games
South
Vasili Vasilyevich Postnov (; 24 March 1962 – 4 March 2009) was a Tajikistani professional footballer. They also held Russian citizenship.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Top League in 1980 for FC Pakhtakor Tashkent.
Honours
Pamir Dushanbe
Tajikistan Higher League (1): 1992
Wydad Casablanca
Botola (1): 1992–93
CAF Champions League (1): 1992
Afro-Asian Cup (1): 1993
References
1962 births
Sportspeople from Tashkent
2009 deaths
Russian footballers
Soviet footballers
Tajikistani footballers
Tajikistan international footballers
Pakhtakor Tashkent FK players
CSKA Pamir Dushanbe players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
Wydad AC players
Tajikistani expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Morocco
Tajikistani expatriate sportspeople in Morocco
Expatriate footballers in Russia
Soviet Top League players
Russian Premier League players
Association football midfielders
Hanna Oftedal Sagosen (born 4 July 1994) is a retired Norwegian handball player who most recently played for the Danish club Silkeborg-Voel KFUM.
They also represented Norway in the 2013 Women's Junior European Handball Championship, placing 4th, and in the 2014 Women's Junior World Handball Championship, placing 9th.
In November 2019 they announced their retirement, due to serious injury.
Personal life
 They are a younger sister of Stine Bredal Oftedal.
 They are married to fellow handballer Sander Sagosen.
Achievements
Youth European Championship:
Bronze Medalist: 2011
World Youth Championship:
Bronze Medalist: 2012
Individual awards
All-Star Right Back of the U18 European Open: 2012
French Championship Hope of the Season: 2015
References
1994 births
Living people
People from Nittedal
Norwegian female handball players
Expatriate handball players
Norwegian expatriate sportspeople in France
Sportspeople from Viken (county)
The Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actor – South is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for South Indian films. The award is given by the chosen jury of critics assigned to the function.
List of winners
See also
Filmfare Critics Award for Best Actress – South
Notes
Filmfare Awards South
Putney Park House is a Grade II listed house at 69 Pleasance Road, Roehampton, London.
It was built in 1837–38 by the architect Decimus Burton for Robert Hutton.
References
External links
Houses completed in 1838
Grade II listed houses
Houses in the London Borough of Wandsworth
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Wandsworth
Decimus Burton buildings
Huyton with Roby Urban District was a local government district in Lancashire, England from 1894 to 1974. It consisted of the civil parish of Huyton with Roby which comprised the settlements of Huyton and Roby. It replaced the Huyton with Roby urban sanitary district.
In 1974 it was abolished and its former area was transferred to Merseyside, to be combined with Kirkby Urban District, Prescot Urban District, parts of Whiston Rural District and parts of West Lancashire Rural District to form the present-day Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley.
References
History of Lancashire
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Local government in the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley
Urban districts of England
Kim Hak-song (; 6 July 1952 – 12 June 2022) was a South Korean politician. A member of the Grand National Party, they served in the National Assembly from 2000 to 2012. Kim died on 12 June 2022 at the age of 69.
References
1952 births
2022 deaths
21st-century South Korean politicians
South Korean businesspeople
Members of the National Assembly (South Korea)
Liberty Korea Party politicians
Konkuk University alumni
People from Changwon
Aleksander Zelwerowicz (14 August 1877 in Lublin – 18 June 1955 in Warsaw) was a Polish actor, director, theatre president and a teacher. They received the Order of Polonia Restituta and is one of the Polish Righteous among the Nations.
Aleksander Zelwerowicz State Theatre Academy is named after him.
 They are buried at the Powązki Cemetery.
Selected filmography
Obrona Częstochowy (1913)
Ochrana warszawska i jej tajemnice (1916)
Huragan (1928)
Księżna Łowicka (1932)
Dzieje grzechu (1933)
Serce matki (1938)
Wrzos (1938)
Doctor Murek (1939)
The Three Hearts (1939)
External links
Olga Katafiasz, Legendy polskiego teatru - Aleksander Zelwerowicz, Dziennik Teatralny, 25 July 2001
References
1877 births
1955 deaths
Actors from Lublin
People from Lublin Governorate
Polish theatre directors
Polish male stage actors
Polish male film actors
Polish male silent film actors
19th-century Polish male actors
20th-century Polish male actors
Polish Righteous Among the Nations
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta (1944–1989)
Burials at Powązki Cemetery
The 1976 United States presidential election in Indiana was held on November 2, 1976. Incumbent President Gerald Ford won the state of Indiana with 53% of the vote, carrying the state's 13 electoral votes. They defeated Democratic candidate Jimmy Carter in Indiana by a margin of 7.62 points.
Analysis
Ford won Indiana by a comfortable margin, of 7.62%, which made the state almost 10% more Republican than the nation-at-large. Carter did, however, make substantial headway in Indiana, significantly improving from George McGovern's 1972 performance in the state. Ford did well throughout most parts of the state. Carter managed to keep Ford's victory in Indiana under ten points by winning most of Southern Indiana. Vigo County home to Terre Haute, is a bellwether county that has gotten every presidential election right, except twice, since 1892. This election was no exception. Carter won Vigo County, and the presidency.
, this is the last election in which Dearborn County, Dubois County, Martin County, Ohio County, and Owen County voted for a Democratic Presidential candidate, and the last one in which St. Joseph County did not vote for the national popular vote winner. This is also the last time that Indiana picked a different candidate than North Carolina.
Hillary Clinton's role in the Carter campaign
One of the Carter campaign's state organizers in Indiana was Hillary Rodham. Rodham (who would later adopt their husband's surname of Clinton) would go on to serve as a First Lady, Senator, and Secretary of State. Forty years later, during their turn as the Democratic nominee for president, Carter gave a speech in support of their candidacy saying, "During my 1976 presidential run, a young woman moved to Indianapolis to help turn out the Indiana vote for me. Forty years later, I will proudly cast my vote for that same woman to be the next President of the United States."
Results
Results by county
See also
United States presidential elections in Indiana
References
1976
Indiana
1976 Indiana elections
United States
Aldbrough Beck is a small beck in North Yorkshire, England.
The beck starts near Eppleby, in the Richmondshire district, and flows southeast, joining the Mary Wild Beck. It passes under a packhorse bridge while passing through Aldbrough St John. One mile further on the stream becomes known as Clow Beck and flows seven miles more, joining the River Tees near Croft-on-Tees.
References
Aldborough Beck
The 2016–17 season is U.S. Lecce's fifth consecutive season in Lega Pro after their relegation from Serie A at the end of the 2011–12 season. The club competed in Lega Pro Girone C, finishing 2nd, in the Coppa Italia, where the club was knocked out in the third round by Genoa, and in the Coppa Italia Lega Pro, where the club was knocked out by Matera in the round of 32.
Players
Squad information
Players in italics left the club during the season
Transfers
Summer session
Winter session
Competitions
Overall
Lega Pro
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Play-offs
Round of 16
Quarterfinals
Coppa Italia Lega Pro
Matches
References
U.S. Lecce seasons
Lecce
Jessica Marcela Parra Rojas (born 10 August 1995) is a Colombian professional racing cyclist, who most recently rode for UCI Women's Continental Team .
Major results
2014
3rd Team pursuit, Central American and Caribbean Games (with Valentina Paniagua, Milena Salcedo and Lorena Vargas)
See also
List of 2015 UCI Women's Teams and riders
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Colombian female cyclists
Sportspeople from Bogotá
Pan American Games medalists in cycling
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Colombia
Cyclists at the 2019 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2019 Pan American Games
20th-century Colombian women
21st-century Colombian women
Elmer W. Sherwood was an Indiana politician and state adjutant general for the Indiana National Guard in 1945.
Sherwood was born in 1896 at Linton, Indiana. They majored in English at Indiana University until the United States joined World War I. Sherwood enlisted and was assigned to the 150th Field Artillery Regiment. That September, the regiment departed Fort Harrison for Europe as part of the 42nd Infantry Division (United States), crossing the Atlantic on the USS President Lincoln. Sherwood kept a diary during World War I, which was first published in 1922 under the title ''Rainbow Hoosier."
After the war, Sherwood returned to Indiana University to finish their degree. While still a student, they were elected to the Indiana House of Representatives. They graduated in 1921, and married Lucile Smith in 1925. During their career, they served as an English teacher at Linton High School, and was elected clerk of Greene County, Indiana. In the late 1930s, they were named editor of the National Legionnaire, the magazine of the American Legion.
During World War II, Sherwood was appointed as the director of public relations at Fort Benjamin Harrison. In 1945, Straub was sworn in as the 42th Adjutant General of the Indiana National Guard. They also served as an advisor to Indiana Governor George N. Craig, and served 3 months in prison for their role in the Toll Road scandal.
Upon their release, Sherwood moved to Florida. They remained in the Army Reserves and retired as a Brigadier general. They died in 1979.
References
Sources
Adjutants General of Indiana
Indiana National Guard personnel
Indiana politicians convicted of crimes
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Schoolteachers from Indiana
Federico Sabriá (born 17 August 1958) is a Spanish water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1958 births
Living people
Spanish male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Spain
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Water polo players from Barcelona
Children's Welfare Institute (CWI) is an orphanage located in Shanghai, China. It is the city's oldest and largest specialized state run orphanage and has been used by the central government as a model for orphanages throughout the country. It was used as a showcase orphanage for China.
History
Shanghai CWI was formerly the New Public Child Care Hall, established in 1911. The municipal government of Shanghai took charge of the New Public Child Care Hall in January 1956, and renamed it the Shanghai Child Care Institute. In July 1964, it was renamed the Shanghai Child Welfare Institute as a branch of the Shanghai Social Welfare Center.
Structure and care
Acceptance
Children who are placed in these institutions have the following criteria: orphans below the age of fourteen, without relatives or friends available to provide care, infants who have been abandoned, and children below the age of thirteen whose parents are Shanghai citizens but are legally prevented from being able to care for their children and who are without relatives and friends.
Discharge
Able-bodied children are employed after age sixteen, disabled children are transferred to another welfare institute after the age of fourteen. Abandoned children or orphans can be either sent for adoption or reunited with their birth families.
Criticism of abuse
Many acts of brutality by child care workers and other staff occurred. Infant and child fatality for the orphanage is high. Abuses were recorded by Human Rights Watch. The exposing of the abuse in international news media led China to go into damage control mode.
Cases of abuse
Yue Yi (August 1988), Yue Yi, a fifteen-year-old boy with one congenitally disabled leg, was physically beaten and assaulted by orphanage staff, and was locked in a disused building for several days.
Hong Na (April 1991) Hong Na, a six-year-old girl with a disfiguring birthmark, suffered abuse from a senior staff member, being beaten with a wooden pole, shoe, and punched.
Liang Jie (April 1991) Liang Jie, a ten-year-old boy with disabled legs, was forced to swallow magnets for reporting abuse on another child.
Wu Lanyin (July 1991), Wu Lanyin was a fifteen-year-old retarded girl who was forced to menstruate on a spittoon for half an hour.
Lu Yi (August 1991) Lu Yi, a fourteen-year-old boy, was tortured by a female orphanage child care worker. Li Laidi tied Lu Yi up in standing position, and stabbed their genitals with a yacha (a metal fork on a bamboo pole), ordering other children to pull on their pubic hair, and they forced them to jump while tied.
Fu Qing (1985) Fu Qing, a girl born in 1975, was sexually abused when they were ten by orphanage staff.
Xiang Wen (1987) Xiang Wen, a girl born in 1973, was also sexually abused by a staff worker.
Wang Guang (1993) Wang Guang was raped and forced to undergo an abortion by the institute.
Huo Zhen (February 1991), Hue Zhen, a boy had a severe spinal curvature, and contracted hepatitis. They and two other boys with hepatitis were tied to beds and left unattended, and died.
Gan Rui (October 1991_ Gan Rui, a girl born in 1979, contracted acute nephritis and was ignored by medical staff. They received no visitors or supplies.
Wei Zhi (June 1992), Wei Zhi, a boy aged about five years, was injured on June twenty, 1992, when a girl nearly severed their penis with a pair of scissors. The injury was crudely stitched, the penis developed gangrene and part of it dropped off, requiring more stitches.
Zhang Yangsong (April/May 1980) Zhang Yansong, a girl born in 1982 suffering from cerebral palsy, had their leg broken in 1989 by a medical employee, and the bone fused crookedly, leaving a permanent limp.
References
Organizations established in 1911
1911 establishments in China
Orphanages in China
Organizations based in Shanghai
KENS (channel 5) is a television station in San Antonio, Texas, United States, affiliated with CBS and owned by Tegna Inc. The station's studios are located on Fredericksburg Road in northwest San Antonio, near the South Texas Medical Center, while its transmitter is located off US 181 in northwest Wilson County (northeast of Elmendorf).
History
The station first signed on the air on February 15, 1950 as KEYL; channel 5 was the second television station to sign on in the San Antonio market, debuting three months after primary NBC affiliate WOAI-TV (channel 4). The station has been a primary CBS affiliate since its sign-on, however it initially carried secondary affiliations with DuMont, ABC and the Paramount Television Network—the former two affiliations were shared with WOAI-TV. The station was originally owned alongside KABC radio (680 AM, now KKYX). KEYL was one of Paramount's strongest affiliates, carrying nearly the network's entire lineup. Among the Paramount programs that KEYL aired were Armchair Detective, Latin Cruise, Hollywood Reel, Hollywood Wrestling, Time for Beany and Movietown, RSVP.
In 1951, Storer Broadcasting (which had good relations with CBS) bought KEYL and KABC. On February 1, 1954, channel 5 changed its call letters to KGBS-TV; KABC's calls were subsequently changed to match its television sister, as KGBS, on March 1. In November of that year, Storer was forced to sell KGBS-AM-TV to the San Antonio Express-News, in order to complete the company's purchase of WXEL-TV (now WJW) in Cleveland, Ohio as keeping KGBS-TV would have put the company one station over the Federal Communications Commission's ownership regulations that went into effect that year which limited the number of television stations that can be owned by one company to seven, with no more than five of those allocated to the VHF band (at the time, newspapers could own television and/or radio stations in the same market provided that such ownership complied with the FCC-mandated ownership limits of each property in effect at the time). The Express-News then changed the call letters of the television and radio stations to KENS-TV and KENS (the -TV suffix was dropped from the callsign of the television station following the digital television transition on June 12, 2009, when several other Belo stations dropped the suffix from their legal call signs; Storer later re-used the KGBS calls on what is now KTNQ and KNX-FM in Los Angeles). The release of the KABC call letters freed ABC to pick up the call letters for its flagship cluster of television, AM, and FM stations in Los Angeles shortly thereafter.
DuMont ceased most network operations in 1955, but would honor network commitments until August 1956, when it ceased operations permanently. Channel 5 lost ABC programming when KONO-TV (channel 12, now KSAT-TV) signed on in 1957, leaving KENS as a full-time CBS affiliate. During the late 1950s, the station was also briefly affiliated with the NTA Film Network.
In early 1962, the Express-News and KENS-AM-TV were purchased by Harte-Hanks Communications; the radio station was sold off a few months later since Harte-Hanks was not interested in radio station ownership at the time. When the FCC tightened its cross-ownership rules in the early 1970s, Harte-Hanks sought grandfathered protection for its San Antonio media combination. However, while the FCC granted such protection to several media combinations across the country, it would not do the same to the Harte-Hanks combination in San Antonio. Accordingly, in 1973, Harte-Hanks opted to keep KENS-TV and sell the Express-News to Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.
In the mid-1980s, KENS broadcast a short-lived local cable channel that was carried on Rogers Cablevision channel 24, called KENS II. Under the direction of station manager Larry Smith, the channel's programming included replays of channel 5's local newscasts, broadcasts of Ron Taylor and Janie Groves' classified real estate programming and a few locally produced programs and specials such as Auto TV (hosted by Richard Courchesne and Michael Saul), and Barney Regets' computer generated musical video kaleidoscope created earlier at UA Columbia's Consumer Cable 29. In March 1985, KMOL-TV parent company United Television filed a protest with the FCC, claiming that by operating KENS II, it gave KENS an unfair competitive advantage, and that Harte-Hanks was violating the spirit of the Commission's long-standing rules that forbade duopolies. KENS management maintained that the duopoly rules did not apply to cable television. The claims of KMOL were rejected by the FCC that October in a decision that was closely watched by industry observers. After a little over four years on the air, KENS II was shut down in May 1988.
In July 1990, it was reported that KENS was holding talks with ABC about switching to that network, which would have left existing affiliate KSAT without a network affiliation. Then-KENS general manager Michael Conly cited CBS' then-distant third ranking as a reason for wanting to switch networks, feeling that the poor performance of CBS programming at the time would harm KENS' overall dominance in the San Antonio market. The talks did not go anywhere, and the following month, both KENS and KSAT signed new affiliation agreements with CBS and ABC respectively.
In 1993, Harte-Hanks acquired what at the time became the second incarnation of KENS radio (1160 AM). In September 1997, Harte-Hanks sold its remaining media properties, including the KENS stations, to the E. W. Scripps Company in order to concentrate on the company's direct marketing operations. At the same time, Belo Corporation announced that it would trade its controlling stake in the Food Network to Scripps in exchange for the KENS stations. The Harte-Hanks/Scripps deal and the transfer of Belo's stake in the Food Network to Scripps were both completed on October 15 of that year. At that time, Belo took over the operations of the KENS stations through a time brokerage agreement (TBA). Belo completed its purchase of the KENS stations on December 4, 1997. The second incarnation of KENS radio was sold to The Walt Disney Company in 2003, which converted the station into a Radio Disney outlet as KRDY (it is now a Catholic talk station owned by Immaculate Heart Media). In August 2000, KENS began to manage upstart UPN affiliate KBEJ (channel 2, now MyNetworkTV affiliate KCWX) under a local marketing agreement (LMA). The LMA was terminated in April 2010, five months before the station lost its CW affiliation.
KENS remained closely associated with the Express-News, even though the station and newspaper had been under separate ownership for many years. The station shared its main website with the newspaper until the end of 2008, when the news partnership agreement between KENS and the Express-News ended. The station launched its own website, Kens5.com, on January 26, 2009. The site has been recognized with two Lone Star Emmy Awards for Interactivity and the 2011 and 2015 Regional Edward R. Murrow Award for "Best Large-Market Website."
On June 13, 2013, the Gannett Company announced that it would acquire Belo's television properties, including KENS, for $1.5 billion. The sale received FCC approval on December 20, and was formally completed on December 23, 2013, reuniting KENS with former Harte-Hanks sister stations WFMY and WTLV. On June 29, 2015, the Gannett Company split in two, with one side specializing in print media and the other side specializing in broadcast and digital media. KENS was retained by the latter company, named Tegna.
Programming
KENS clears the entire CBS network schedule. Until 2019, the station preempted the Saturday edition of CBS This Morning due to its Saturday morning newscast (as a result, CBS This Morning Saturday did not air at all in the San Antonio market); it also delayed The Late Late Show with James Corden by a half-hour. KENS splits the CBS Dream Team lineup into two blocks that bookend its Saturday morning newscast (with the first hour airing before the program and the final two airing after it) and splits Face the Nation into two half-hour blocks (as such, it is one of several CBS affiliates that carry the program on both Sunday mornings and overnights in such a manner). Syndicated programs broadcast by KENS include The Ellen DeGeneres Show, Extra, and Right This Minute. KENS acquired the local syndication rights to Jeopardy! and Wheel of Fortune in September 1999 from KMOL-TV (now WOAI-TV).
The station also produces the local talk and lifestyle program Great Day SA, which airs weekday mornings at 9 a.m. (the format of the program is modeled after similar morning talk programs produced by other former Belo stations as well as certain ones owned by Gannett prior to the latter's purchase of Belo, including Dallas sister station WFAA's Good Morning Texas and Houston sister station KHOU's Great Day Houston); the program debuted on September 8, 2003, and features local and national music artists, celebrities, and local human interest stories. Formerly hosted by 1994 Miss USA winner Lu Parker and later Kristina Guererro (later a reporter for the syndicated program Inside Edition, most recently an entertainment reporter for E!).
KENS is also one of the few stations in the United States that still maintains over-the-air broadcast rights to a major sports franchise: the station airs select NBA games featuring the San Antonio Spurs that are not carried by Bally Sports Southwest. During the 2021–22 season, KENS aired 10 Spurs games.
News operation
KENS presently broadcasts 31½ hours of locally produced newscasts each week (with five hours each weekday, 3½ hours on Saturdays and three hours on Sundays). Former KENS employee Bob Rogers was the station's longest-running news director. Under Rogers' flight attendantship, the ratings for KENS 5's newscasts shot to first place. Rogers was also responsible for hiring, coaching and helping the careers of many local and national news anchors, reporters and correspondents; they retired from the station in the late 1990s.
On January 7, 2008, when CBS' now-defunct morning program The Early Show abandoned its hybrid format that included local segments interspersed within the national program, KENS reduced its weekday morning newscast from three hours to two, airing from 5:00 to 7:00 a.m. Also at the same time, Itza Gutierrez left their position as anchor of the Saturday morning newscast to become a stay-at-home mother (she was later replaced by Stacia Willson, who was later promoted to the weekday noon newscast).
Emmy Award-winning longtime anchor Chris Marrou, who worked at KENS for 36 years beginning in 1973, retired from the station in 2009. Marrou and other well-known anchors helped KENS dominate the 5:00, 6:00 and 10:00 p.m. news timeslots from the 1970s to the early 2000s. Marrou presented a long-running segment seen at the end of the weeknight editions of the 10 p.m. newscast, the Eyewitness Newsreel, in which Marrou narrated a package of humorous local news segments juxtaposed with out-of-context soundbites of CBS News anchors, politicians or celebrities "commenting" on the situation done in a faux newsreel style. Marrou wrote the segment each weeknight. With Marrou's retirement that year, the Eyewitness Newsreel segment was discontinued. In 2009, KENS announced that Jeff Vaughn (who previously served as a reporter for NBC affiliate KSHB in Kansas City) would replace Marrou as co-anchor of the 5:00, 6:00 and 10:00 p.m. newscasts starting in January 2010. In 2015, Jeff Brady (former KSAT and WFAA anchor) returned to San Antonio to become the station's lead male anchor for the evening newscasts.
In early June 2008, KENS began promoting a 'big switch' occurring on June 30, a date which the station began production of newscasts in high definition. On August 2, 2010, channel 5 became the first television station in the San Antonio market with a local newscast during the 4:00 p.m. hour, when it debuted a half-hour broadcast at 4:00 p.m. on Monday through Friday afternoons (the station opted to slot Jeopardy! to bookend the 4:00 and 5:00 p.m. newscasts). On January 10, 2011, KENS expanded its weekday morning newscast to 2½ hours, through the addition of a half-hour broadcast at 4:30 a.m.
In April 2022, KENS 5 dropped the Eyewitness name from its newscast title after 52 years, its newscasts from that date onward are now branded as KENS 5 News.
Notable former on-air staff
Dan Cook (retired in 2000, died in 2008)
Ainsley Earhardt (now at Fox News)
Chris Marrou – anchor (1973–2009; retired)
Lynne Russell – anchor (1980–1983; later at CNN)
Technical information
Subchannels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
Analog-to-digital conversion
KENS discontinued regular programming on its analog signal, over VHF channel 5, on June 12, 2009, as part of the federally mandated transition from analog to digital television. The station's digital signal relocated its digital signal from its pre-transition UHF channel 58, which was among the high band UHF channels (52-69) that were removed from broadcasting use as a result of the transition, to UHF channel 39 for post-transition operations. The station vacated channel 55 in November 2008 to allow Qualcomm to begin testing for its now-defunct mobile television service MediaFLO.
In the interim period between November 2008 and June 2009, KENS' new digital signal hosted Univision owned-and-operated station KWEX-DT, whose pre-transition digital signal broadcast on channel 39. After the digital transition was complete, KENS-DT retained the channel 39 facilities, while KWEX-DT launched its permanent digital operations on UHF channel 41 (the station's previous analog frequency). The transition also allowed former sister station KCWX (which prior to the conversion, did not have an over-the-air digital signal) to begin transmitting its digital signal on VHF channel 5.
KENS moved from RF channel 39 to RF channel 29 on June 21, 2019 as a result of the 2016 United States wireless spectrum auction.
References
External links
CBS network affiliates
Estrella TV affiliates
True Crime Network affiliates
Tegna Inc.
Quest (American TV network) affiliates
Circle (TV network) affiliates
Twist (TV network) affiliates
Television channels and stations established in 1950
Television stations in San Antonio
1950 establishments in Texas
Former Gannett subsidiaries
Nimbostratus virga is a form of Nimbostratus cloud in which the precipitation never reaches the ground. It retains the same features as a normal nimbostratus cloud; dark in appearance, low to medium level cloud of moderate vertical development and made up of sheets.
See also
Virga
Nimbostratus
Cloud types
Stratus
Konopne is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Konopne
Yvonne Rothemund (born 23 September 1992) is a German ice hockey player for ESC Planegg and the German national team.
They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
German women's ice hockey defencemen
People from Kulmbach
Sportspeople from Upper Franconia
Royal South Sydney Hospital was a hospital in the southern Sydney suburb of Zetland, New South Wales, Australia. Its location is the present-day 3 Joynton Avenue, Zetland.
History
Initial efforts to open a hospital in South Sydney began in 1908 when fundraising efforts by local residents saw James Joynton Smith, local business person and racecourse owner, elected as provisional president of a future hospital. In 1912, construction of a 25 bed public hospital began and was opened in 1913. In 1917, the title of Royal was bestowed upon the hospital by the King, and capacity was expanded to 110 beds the following year.
In 1976, the present brick buildings were constructed and opened, and the hospital began to specialise in rehabilitation, orthopaedics and community health. In 1991, the hospital merged with the Prince of Wales and Prince Henry Hospitals. General hospital services, including (controversially) the emergency department were slowly wound down until only community services operated from the location until 2003, when the hospital finally closed and the site was transferred to the South Sydney City Council (later, City of Sydney council).
Current state
The site was disused for a long time until it was redeveloped as part of the Green Square town square development in the late 2010s. Some of the buildings were preserved.
References
Former hospitals in Sydney
Defunct hospitals in Australia
Former buildings and structures in Sydney
Hospitals established in 1913
1913 establishments in Australia
Hospital buildings completed in 1913
Hospital buildings completed in 1976
Hospitals disestablished in 2003
2003 disestablishments in Australia
Organisations based in Australia with royal patronage
Androgen suppression is a medical treatment to suppress or block the production or action of male sex hormones, typically in order to attempt to treat certain types of cancer that rely upon male hormones for its growth.
This is done by having the testicles removed, by taking female sex hormones, or by taking drugs called antiandrogens.
See also
Castration
Chemical castration
References
Endocrine procedures
Ethiopia's industrial sectors classified into four basic groups: agriculture, food processing, construction, resources and energy and tourism. Agriculture constitutes over 50% of economic sector in Ethiopia, and the largest dependable economic activity. It includes production of livestock products (milk, egg, meat), beverages, leather and textiles industry. Besides, Ethiopia is the largest exporter of coffee involving over 15 million active workers.
Construction industry has been the second largest economic sector in Ethiopia with annual growth of 11.6%. Infrastructures and buildings of residential or non-residential are regularly constructed with government intervention in policy to encourage sustainable growth, and foreign direct investment from Chinese and European investors.
In energy and resources, Ethiopia has abundant natural resources that generate 60,000 MW of electric power from hydroelectric, wind, solar and geothermal sources from different major rivers, the Blue Nile, Awash, Shebelle, Omo, and Gilgel Gibe River. Tourism is the most popular economic sector impacting the GDP growth. Tourist attractions include Semien Mountains National Park, Rock-Hewn Churches in Lalibela, ruins and stelae in Axum, Harar Jugol, Negash Mosque, Gondar Fasil Ghebbi and among others.
Agriculture
Over 50%, agriculture comprises the largest industry sector in Ethiopia. The government undertakes both large-scale and small-scale farming, leading to high production of livestock products (milk, egg and meat) beverages, leather and textiles industry. Other goods are apparel, leather goods, and finished meat products for export and domestic purposes. About 60% Ethiopian labor population deployed to cash crop farming sector, which include spices, coffee, tea, cut flowers, honey, cotton, wheat, oilseeds, khat, beeswax, vegetables, fruits and pulses. The high-value oil seeds cultivated in Ethiopia for exports accounted $446 million while fruits and vegetables accounted $538 million in 2017.
Coffee has been the most exported product of Ethiopia. Over 15 million workers involved to cultivation and processing. In 2016/2017, annually export revenue estimated about $881 million. By 2019/2020, the government planned to increase export revenue by 2 million dollars. Subsistence livestock farming is an integral agricultural activity in Ethiopia which is practiced in the lowland region. They produced mutton and beef and goat meat, which contributed $97 million worth whereas raw hides exports revenue amounted about $74 million in 2017. In general, the agricultural activity in Ethiopia cultivated for other nascent industrial sectors such as for machinery manufacturing and even for wholesale and retail businesses.
Ethiopian farmers often frustrated to secure foot at large, primarily due to ecological factors. Population growth, climate change, declination of available natural resources, unemployment, political unrest and inflation are fundamental problems to challenge sustainable growth. In one instance, inflation could heavily impact the growth, requiring food demand. From 2005 to 2012, maize grain in Addis Ababa drastically increased from 1,469 to 5,013 ETB per ton, and the price was tripled in the last five years. Overall, the food price inflation was increased from 7.4% to 15.8% between 2014 and 2019 years.
Food processing
Food processing industry is the second largest sector in Ethiopia after agriculture. In 2009/2010, it accounted for 39% of gross value of production in medium and large sized manufacturing, employing 1 million people that comprises about 2% of overall economic activity. The food sector produces large amount of revenue to the government of Ethiopia, which requires one million workers. Products typically are meat, butter, sugar, bakery, grain milling, pasteurized milk, frozen food, fresh fruits, bakery products, sugar, and cheese—together cover 47% of total gross value product (GVP).
Meanwhile, the sectorial analysis shows quality and standard problem in supply. In other secondary manufacturers, raw materials badly deformed. Thus, upgrading the quality and stability would alleviate the problem and contributed for sustainable growth.
Injera marketing is evolving rapidly, employing more than 100,000 people in urban areas. Rice routinely importing for almost 200 million USD in 2015, so that rice is important for Injera makeup.
Construction
Rapid infrastructure development increasing across regions contributed annual growth of construction sector by 11.6%. Building residential or non-residential areas transformed people to more employment, easing trade and industry beneficiaries. Energy and infrastructure sectors cover the larger construction activities in Ethiopia, responsible for providing cost-effective homes for benefit of low-income households, and increased the country's GDP to 9.5%. This segment employs 1.8 million workers, which makes the second largest sector in Ethiopia.
The government also intervenes to address various restraints on management of industry and facilities implementation of laws. Foreign countries such as China and other European investors helped a significant role in the development of both industrial and infrastructural unit, plus the Ethiopian industries linked it's partnership with suppliers, consultants, contractors and engineers etc.
Resources and energy
Mineral resources like tantalum has contributed to 10% increase of GDP. Sites like Kibre Mengist and Yubdo, which are located both south and west Ethiopia respectively, are ideals for mining place, and tantalum has been mined in Keticha located in Oromia Region. Annual production of tantalum accounts 120 tons, which makes Ethiopia the largest world's producer of tantalum as of 2013. Other minerals include niobium, gemstone, soda ash, and rock salt which is found in Denakil plain. Ethiopia has also natural gases and petroleum, which are scarcely located in some parts.
The energy sector played preliminary role in a million people's lives, contributing to social, economic and ecological impacts. Major hydroelectricity generated from the dams stationed in Blue Nile and tributaries, Awash, Shebelle, Omo and Gilgel Gibe rivers. The government is constructing new hydroelectric dam and expanding power stations to various parts of the country. This will lead to rural electrification.
Ethiopia has abundant renewable energy resources and potentially generate 60,000 megawatts of electric power from hydroelectric, wind, solar and geothermal sources. These makes boosted its GDP growth rapidly, and electricity demand always increasing as well. Despite its growth, the Ethiopian energy sector do not comply with public demand as a result of energy shortages and load shedding to feed 110 million people and the demand predicted to grow by 30%.
Tourism
Tourism plays an important role to Ethiopian industry, with employment of thousands of local people. In 2015, the European Council named Ethiopia "World's Best Tourism Destination". In 2006, it contributed to 5.5% of GDP with private companies played significant role. Major tourist attractions include the Semien Mountains National Park, Rock-Hewn Churches in Lalibela, ruins and stelae in the place of Axum, Tiya stelae, Negash Mosque and in the cities like Harar Jugol and Gondar Fasil Ghebbi.
The diverse culture of Ethiopia generally itself garnered tourism attraction. This would lead to government initiative to bring economic development and reducing poverty. In 2020, Ethiopia totally registered 518,000 tourists, being 126th rank in the world. It generated 2.28 million dollars in the tourism sector alone, corresponds to 2.1% GDP and approximately 5.4% of all international tourism receipts in East Africa.
References
Economy of Ethiopia
Industry in Ethiopia
Brendon Claude Adams (born 10 March 1984) is a South African former cricketer.
References
Brendon Adams profile at CricketArchive
1984 births
Living people
Cricketers from Paarl
South African cricketers
Gauteng cricketers
Boland cricketers
The Bisbee Woman's Club Clubhouse in Bisbee, Arizona was built in 1902. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
It was designed by architect Frederick C. Hurst and is a one-story frame bungalow/craftsman style house.
References
Cultural infrastructure completed in 1902
Buildings and structures in Cochise County, Arizona
Women's club buildings in Arizona
Women in Arizona
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
1902 establishments in Arizona Territory
National Register of Historic Places in Cochise County, Arizona
Bisbee, Arizona
The Aéro Services Guépard Guêpe (sometimes just called La Guêpe; English: Wasp) is a French ultralight aircraft, designed and produced by Aéro Services Guépard. The aircraft is supplied fully assembled.
Design and development
The aircraft was designed to comply with the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale microlight rules. It features a V-strut-braced high-wing, two seats in tandem open cockpit, conventional landing gear and a single engine in pusher configuration.
The aircraft is made from bolted-together aluminum tubing, with a single tube serving as the keel tube. A small cockpit fairing and windshield are optional. Its span wing has an aluminium structure with its flying surfaces covered in doped aircraft fabric. Standard engines available are the Rotax 582 two-stroke and the HKS 700E four-stroke powerplant.
Specifications (Guêpe)
References
External links
2010s French ultralight aircraft
Homebuilt aircraft
Single-engined pusher aircraft
Guépe
forskning.no (science and research) is an Oslo-based online newspaper established by the Research Council of Norway in 2002. It publishes news about science and research from Norway and abroad. The web site is run by Foreningen for drift av forskning.no, a non-profit organization which has 78 research institutions as members. forskning.no has its own writers and journalists and freelance writers. In addition articles are submitted by the research institutes and then edited by forskning.no staff before being published.
While the newspaper has owners, the editor and journalists choose what to write. forskning.no is an independent newspaper run after the rules of The Association of Norwegian Editors. They cooperate with the corresponding Danish online newspaper, videnskab.dk, among other things about the English-language news service, sciencenordic.com, which was established in 2011.
forskning.no has an average of 33,000 visits per day in January 2016 and 1 million visits per month. Nina Kristiansen is the editor in charge since 2007. They took over after Erik Tunstad.
History
forskning.no was launched in 2002. The site's initial editor was Erik Tunstad at the time and first managing director was Steinar Q. Andersen.
The site was launched in 2002 after the initiative of the Research Council of Norway, and a total of 12 research institutions participated in the establishment. The idea was simple: to establish a dissemination information campaign, and then hand over the control to an independent editorial staff, working under The Association of Norwegian Editors and in accordance with Code of Ethics of the Norwegian Press.
An editorial of three, later five people, was established in a small yellow house at Mølla in Oslo. Ingrid Spilde and Arnfinn Christensen are the only ones left from the beginning, who are still working in forskning.no today. Today there are 77 research and education institutions that participate in the cooperation. These can also make submissions, which is considered and edited, and which is clearly marked with the institution as the sender. The editorial staff consists of 14 people: journalists, editor, editorial director and editors.
Awards
forskning.no won the Research Council of Norway's Award for Excellence in Communication of Science.
Editor Nina Kristansen won the Editor Award in 2016. The award is handed out by Den Norske Fagpresses Forening (The Norwegian Professional Media Union).
The forskning.no journalists Ingrid Spilde and Ida Kvittingen won the ViS-award for critical, insightful and sound research journalism for a series of articles they wrote for forskning.no about the science you don't get to read. The prize is handed out by Vitenskapsakademiet i Stavanger (The science academy in Stavanger)
Owners
List of owners:
Akershus University Hospital
BI Norwegian Business School
Centre for Advanced Study at the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Christian Michelsen Research
Eastern Norway Research Institute
Fafo Foundation
GenØk – Centre for Biosafety
Geological Survey of Norway
Hedmark University College
High North Research Centre for Climate and the Environment
Institute for Church, Religion, and Worldview Research
Institute for Rural and Regional Research (RURALIS)
Institute Of Marine Research (NIFES)
International Research Institute of Stavanger (IRIS)
Molde University College
Nasjonalforeningen for folkehelsen
Nasjonal kompetansetjeneste for aldring og helse
Nasjonal kompetansetjeneste for kvinnehelse
National Development Center For Children And Young Adults (NUBU)
Nofima
Nord University
NordForsk
Nordland Research Institute
Northern Research Institute (Norut)
Norwegian Academy of Music
Norwegian Biodiversity Information Centre
Norwegian Centre for Organic Agriculture (NORSØK)
Norwegian Centre for Violence and Traumatic Stress Studies (NKVTS)
Norwegian Computing Center
Norwegian Defence Research Establishment
Norwegian Geotechnical Institute
Norwegian Institute for Air Research (NILU)
Norwegian institute for Bioeconomics (NIBIO)
Norwegian Institute for Cultural Heritage Research (NIKU)
Norwegian Institute for Nature Research (NINA)
Norwegian Institute for Social Research
Norwegian Institute For Water Research (NIVA)
Norwegian Institute of International Affairs
Norwegian Institute of Marine Research
Norwegian Institute of public health (NIPH)
Norwegian Mapping and Cadastre Authority
Norwegian Polar Institute
Norwegian Police University College
Norwegian Radiation Protection Authority
Norwegian School of Economics
Norwegian School of Sport Sciences
Norwegian Space Centre
Norwegian University of Life Sciences (NMBU)
Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU)
Norwegian Veterinary Institute
Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate (NVE)
Opplysningskontoret for Meieriprodukter
Oslo and Akershus University College
Oslo University Hospital
RBUP Øst og Sør
Regional Research Funds In Norway (RFF)
Research Council of Norway
Simula Research Laboratory
Statped
Tannhelsetjenestens kompetansesenter Øst
The Finance Market Fund
The Foundation for Scientific and Industrial Research (SINTEF)
The Norwegian Association of Local and Regional Authorities (KS)
The Norwegian Centre for International Cooperation in Education (SIU)
The Norwegian Directorate of eHealth (NDE)
The Norwegian National Research Ethics Committees
The Norwegian Seafood Research Fund (FHF)
University Centre in Svalbard (UNIS)
University College of Southeast Norway
University of Agder
University of Bergen
University of Oslo
University of Stavanger
University of Tromsø
Western Norway University of Applied Sciences
Western Norway Research Institute
Østfold University College
Former owners
Oslo School of Architecture and Design
MF Norwegian School of Theology
The Centre of Competence on Rural Development
Western Norway University of Applied Sciences
Lillehammer University College
Sogn og Fjordane University College
Gender research
Norwegian Cancer Society
Norwegian Institute for Urban and Regional Research (NIBR)
Trøndelag Research and Development AS
The University Graduate Center (UNIK)
References
External links
forskning.no
Videnskab.dk
Sciencenordic.com
Code of Ethics of the Norwegian Press
Newspapers published in Norway
Publications established in 2002
2002 establishments in Norway
Organisations based in Oslo
Research Council of Norway
Mass media in Oslo
Norwegian news websites
Wang Xin (born 28 August 1995) is a Chinese judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Hohhot in the -52 kg category.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Chinese female judoka
Judoka at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for China
20th-century Chinese women
21st-century Chinese women
Outside Providence (1988) is an English language novel by American writer, producer, and director Peter Farrelly.
Plot summary
Largely an autobiographical tale, the novel revolves around Timothy "Dildo" Dunphy, a ne'er-do-well from the city of Pawtucket, Rhode Island, which borders Providence. After Dunphy falls in with a bad element at home, their father, a widower, exiles them to the fictional Cornwall Academy (a thin guise for Kent School located near Kent, Connecticut).
Over time, Dunphy struggles with issues including class structure, loyalty, first love, and their ongoing issues with their father. Dunphy finds that their fellow prep-school students merely represent a wealthier, more polished class of delinquent than the friends they have left at home.
The novel was Farrelly's fledgling effort, and served as their thesis when they graduated from the creative writing program at Columbia University.
Film adaptation
Farrelly adapted their novel into a screenplay for a film of the same name (1999).
References
Pawtucket, Rhode Island
1988 American novels
American autobiographical novels
American novels adapted into films
Novels set in Connecticut
Novels set in Rhode Island
Spencer Bell (September 25, 1887 – August 18, 1935) was an American stage and film actor, best known for playing opposite Larry Semon in many of their silent comedy shorts from the late 1910s to 1928. Bell was one of the first African American comedic actors of the silent film era, and was the first to be signed to film contract. Over the course of their fifteen-year film career, Bell appeared in more than seventy comedy shorts.
Career
Bell was born in Lexington, Kentucky. Prior to their Hollywood film career, they worked as a chauffeur and performed in vaudeville and minstrel shows. They
enlisted in the United States Army and served in World War I. Bell made their film debut in Larry Semon's 1919 silent comedy short, Passing the Buck. As was typical for African American actors of the era, Bell was typecast in stereotypical roles. Their characters were often depicted as bumbling, lazy buffoons who were prone to comedic accidents.
One of Bell's most notable roles was that of Snowball/Rastus/the Cowardly Lion in Larry Semon's The Wizard of Oz (1925),
In that film, Semon credited Bell under the stage name "G. Howe Black" (In a mainly positive review, a Variety critic admonished Semon for crediting Bell with the demeaning name writing that Bell, "deserved [a] better fate"). They were again credited as such in Semon's 1925 silent slapstick film, The Perfect Clown. During the 1930s, Bell regularly appeared in the Mickey McGuire film series starring Mickey Rooney, and briefly ran an acting troupe in Harlem. Bell's final film appearance was in the 1934 comedy short Mickey's Medicine Man.
Death
On August 18, 1935, Bell died at their home in Los Angeles, California of complications from abdominal surgery they underwent in July 1935.  They are buried at Sawtelle Military Cemetery (now known as Los Angeles National Cemetery).
Selected filmography
References
External links
1887 births
1935 deaths
20th-century American male actors
Actors from Lexington, Kentucky
African-American male actors
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
American male stage actors
United States Army personnel of World War I
Blackface minstrel performers
Burials at Los Angeles National Cemetery
Male actors from Kentucky
Silent film comedians
United States Army soldiers
Vaudeville performers
20th-century American comedians
American male comedy actors
20th-century American singers
20th-century African-American male singers
Renbrook School is an independent, private day school in West Hartford, Connecticut. Founded in 1935, Renbrook is an independent day school for students in three divisions; Beginning School for students in preschool through kindergarten, Lower School for grades 1-4, and Upper School for grades 5-8. With over 300 students, class sizes of 10–15 are typical. Located on over 75-acres atop Avon Mountain, the main building was originally the home of Frederick Rentschler. 0o[erter[
Notable alumni
The alumni association includes over 2,400 graduates from Renbrook and the Junior School.
References
External links
Renbrook School
Private middle schools in Connecticut
Private elementary schools in Connecticut
Buildings and structures in West Hartford, Connecticut
Schools in Hartford County, Connecticut
Samuel Cromwell Richardson (17 November 1917 – 8 October 1988) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. They were born in Toronto. In 1936 they were a member of the Canadian relay team which finished fifth in the Olympic 4x100 metre event. In the long jump competition they finished 14th and in the triple jump contest they finished 20th. At the 1934 British Empire Games they won the gold medal in the long jump event and the silver medal in the triple jump competition.
Richardson was of African American descent and the son of a World War I veteran.
There is some dispute about Richardson's date of birth, with various sources indicating that they may have been born in 1919 or even 1921.
References
External links
1917 births
1988 deaths
Canadian male long jumpers
Canadian male triple jumpers
Canadian male sprinters
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes from Toronto
People from Old Toronto
Black Canadian track and field athletes
Canadian people of African-American descent
Age controversies
Malinie is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Chrzanów, east of Janów Lubelski, and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Malinie
Michael Moe Myint () is a Burmese business tycoon, who founded and runs 2 major companies in the country's petroleum industry, Myint & Associates, a service provider and MPRL E&P, a gas extraction company.
They were educated at the Methodist English High School (now Dagon1 High School) in Yangon, then at International School Bangkok, University of Rangoon and Marshall University, before returning to Burma. From 1974 to 1987, they served as a pilot for the state-owned Myanma Airways, and served as the personal pilot of Ne Win.
Two years later, in 1989, they founded Myint & Associates. In 1996, they established their own oil exploration and excavation company, Myanmar Petroleum Resources Limited (MPRL).
Family
Their two sons, Sithu Moe Myint and Phone Kyaw Moe Myint, both studied at the Colorado School of Mines, and work for multinational oil firms. Their father worked as geologist for Shell.
References
Burmese businesspeople
University of Yangon alumni
Marshall University alumni
1952 births
People from Yangon
Living people
Teresa Osborne was the Pennsylvania Secretary of Aging, having been nominated by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf and confirmed in May 2015. Previously, they previously served as Executive Director of the Luzerne and Wyoming County Area Agency on Aging. They hold Bachelor of Social Work and Master of Health Service Administration degrees from Marywood University.
Secretary Osborne left the Department of Aging in January, their last day with the Department being February 8. They now serves as a Commissioner on the State Civil Service Commission. Robert Torres, previously the Acting Secretary of State, succeeded them as Acting Secretary of Aging on January 15; they were confirmed by the State Senate on June 4.
References
Living people
State cabinet secretaries of Pennsylvania
Marywood University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
This article lists U.S. men's college basketball national player of the year awards. Several organizations sponsor an award for the nation's top player. Twenty-six times since there's been six players of the year awards, has a single player won each award. These players are considered the consensus national player of the year.
Trophies
List of honorees
Defunct awards
References
Here & There – S.E.S. Singles Collection is a compilation album in Japanese released in 2001 by S.E.S. under the record label VAP.
Single
"Lovin' You" was the first and only promotional single from the album. Released August 2, 2000, it was S.E.S.'s seventh and last full Japanese single. It has sold approximately 3,000 copies. It was accompanied by a single EP, containing remixes and instrumentals.
Track listing
Lovin' You
Love Is...Day By Day (4:34)
Lovin' You (Opus Mix) (4:30)
Lovin' You (Muse Mix) (4:58)
Lovin' You (Instrumental) (4:51)
Love Is...Day By Day (Instrumental) (4:34)
Track listing
めぐりあう世界 (4:59)
Believe in Love (5:15)
夢をかさねて (More Boost Mix) (5:09)
Lovin You (Opus Mix) (4:29)
(愛)という名の誇り (Single Version) (5:20)
Unh~Happy Day (5:14)
T.O.P. -Twinkling Of Paradise- (Masters Funk Remix) (4:54)
Love is..day by day (4:35)
Sign Of Love (DJ Tavouret Clubmix) (6:15)
Round & Round (4:09)
海のオーロラ (Blizzard Mix) (5:44)
Lovin' You (4:51)
めぐりあう世界 (Miami DJ Mix) (5:17)
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
SM Entertainment's Official Site
2001 compilation albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
Ann M. Valentine is an American bioinorganic chemist whose research focuses on biomineralization, the uptake and transport of metals and their medical applications in areas such as cancer research. They have received awards including the 2014 AICChemical Pioneer Award "for their outstanding contributions towards advancing the science of chemistry and impacting the chemical profession" and the 2009 Paul D. Saltman Award for Metals in Biology for "outstanding contributions to the field of metals in biology" and "groundbreaking work on the structures and reactions of complexes containing titanium."
Education
Valentine earned a bachelor's of science in chemistry from the University of Virginia in 1993. As an undergraduate, they researched aluminum inhibition of magnesium-dependent enzymes with Timothy L. Macdonald. They studied with Stephen J. Lippard at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and earned their PhD in 1998.
Career
From 1998-2001, Valentine worked with Stephen J. Benkovic as a postdoctoral fellow at Pennsylvania State University. They published on the topics of enzyme kinetics, metallo-beta-lactamase, and the mechanics of replisome and primase in DNA replication.
In 2001, Valentine joined the chemistry faculty of Yale University. During their years there, they were able to begin research into the biological role of titanium, a question which they had long found intriguing. Valentine had become interested in the element early in their graduate career: in the early 1990s, titanium was not recognized as important in bioinorganic chemistry, but was believed by some (including their advisor) to be a candidate for future investigation.
In 2011, Valentine became an associate professor at Temple University where they specialize in environmental, material, and medicinal aspects of inorganic and biological chemistry. Them research group focuses on bioinorganic chemistry, especially nicatransferrin, Ti4+ ions, and biotitanification.
Outreach and mentorship
Valentine has participated in the Philadelphia Area Girls Enjoying Science (PAGES) and Temple Minority Access to Research Careers (MARC) programs. Via the Temple Teaching and Learning Center, they have acted as a mentor for students in high-attrition courses.
Awards and honors
2014, American Institute of Chemists Chemical Pioneer Award
2009, Paul D. Saltman Award for Metals in Biology
2007, American Chemical Society PROGRESS/Dreyfus Lectureship Award
2006, American Cancer Society Research Scholar Award
2004, National Science Foundation CAREER award
2003, Research Corporation Research Innovation Award
2015 and 2021, Honors Professor of the Year. 2016, Dean's Distinguished Teaching Award, Temple University
References
Bioinorganic chemists
21st-century American chemists
American women chemists
University of Virginia alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Yale University faculty
Temple University faculty
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American women academics
21st-century American women
Abdelmajid Bourebbou (born March 16, 1951, in Arris, Batna) is a former Algerian footballer. They played as a striker for several French clubs as well as the Algeria national football team. They represented Algeria at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain.
External links
Weltfussball
Profile
Living people
1951 births
People from Batna Province
Algerian footballers
Association football forwards
Algeria international footballers
FC Rouen players
Stade Lavallois players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
1982 FIFA World Cup players
Algerian expatriate footballers
US Quevilly-Rouen Métropole players
Expatriate footballers in France
Algerian expatriate sportspeople in France
21st-century Algerian people
Annie Byron is an AFI Award-winning Australian film, stage, and television actor best known for Wolf Creek 2, Fran, Muriel's Wedding, and Doing Time for Patsy Cline.
Early life
Byron was born in Inverell, Australia. They attended primary school at St. Mary's Ross Hill Primary School and Sacred Heart Primary School, then high school at St. Ursula's College in Armidale and Inverell High School. They graduated with a scholarship to the University of New South Wales, where they earned an Arts degree with Honors in Drama.
After graduating from university, they enrolled in the National Institute of Dramatic Art along with Steve Bisley, Debra Lawrence, Robert Menzies, Peter Kingston, Judy Davis, and Mel Gibson.
Career
Byron was cast as Lou, the second wife of Harry Sullivan in the Australian television series The Sullivans the year after graduating from NIDA. They have since worked in numerous film, television, theatre and radio productions in Australia for over 30 years.  They are best known for their roles as Lil in Wolf Creek 2, as Marge in Fran, as Rhonda's Mother in Muriel's Wedding, and as Mum in Doing Time for Patsy Cline.
They have performed with Australian theatre companies Sydney Theatre Company, Belvoir St Theatre, the Ensemble Theatre, The Q, Perth Actors Collective, Hothouse Theatre, Griffin Theatre Company, and the Playbox Theatre Company.
They performed in the sold out run of Sydney Theatre Company's production of Hedda Gabler opposite Cate Blanchett and Hugo Weaving in 2004 in Sydney and in 2006 at Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York City. They also toured internationally to Dublin, Seoul, and Montreal with Force Majeure's production of The Age.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards
|-
| 1985
| Fran
| AFI Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role
|
|-
| 1997
| Doing Time for Patsy Cline
| AFI Award for Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role
|
|-
|}
External links
Annie Byron on IMDb
References
Australian film actores
Living people
Australian stage actores
Australian television actores
AACTA Award winners
National Institute of Dramatic Art alumni
University of New South Wales alumni
20th-century Australian actores
21st-century Australian actores
Best Supporting Actress AACTA Award winners
Year of birth missing (living people)
Minas Chalkiadakis (; born 5 February 1995) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a forward for Super League 2 club Irodotos.
Career
They start their career from Panathinaikos F.C. who was captain in u20 team from the club. In their career played for teams such as AEZ Zakakiou Cyprus, Anagennisi Karditsa, PAE Chania or FC Botoșani, among others.
References
External links
Minas Chalkiadakis at lpf.ro
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Heraklion
Greek footballers
Association football forwards
Cypriot Second Division players
AEZ Zakakiou players
Anagennisi Karditsa F.C. players
Football League (Greece) players
Panthrakikos F.C. players
AO Chania F.C. players
Liga I players
FC Botoșani players
Greek expatriate footballers
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Greek expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Lipin Bor () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Vashkinsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the northern shore of Lake Beloye. It also serves as the administrative center of Lipinoborsky Selsoviet, one of the twelve selsoviets into which the district is administratively divided. Municipally, it is the administrative center of Lipinoborskoye Rural Settlement. Population:
History
Lipin Bor was founded in 1938. The administrative center of Vashkinsky District was immediately transferred to Lipin Bor from the selo of Vashki.
Economy
Industry
In Lipin Bor, there are food industry and timber industry enterprises.
Transportation
There is a highway connecting Vologda and Vytegra which passes several kilometers from Lipin Bor. Another road branches off south, running via Lipin Bor to Belozersk. There are also local roads with bus traffic.
Lake Beloye is a part of the Volga–Baltic Waterway (formerly known as the Mariinsk Canal System), connecting the Rybinsk Reservoir in the river basin of the Volga and Lake Onega in the river basin of the Neva.
Culture and recreation
The Trinity Church (1792) in Lipin Bor has been designated as an architectural monument of local significance.
Vashkinsky District Museum is located in Lipin Bor.
The height of a telecommunications mast in Lipin Bor is , which makes it one of the tallest in Russia.
References
Notes
Sources
Rural localities in Vashkinsky District
Novgorod Governorate
The Consiglio Universitario Nazionale (CUN; Italian for National University Council) is an elected body representing the various sectors of the Italian university system. It was established by law n. 18 of 26 January, 2006. The current president is Antonio Vicino, Full Professor in Automation engineering at the University of Siena.
The council is composed of a president and fifty-seven members. Forty-two are elected by the professors and researchers, eight by the National Council of University Students, three by the Conferenza dei Rettori delle Università Italiane (Conference of Rectors of the Italian Universities), three from the technical and administrative staff of the universities, one from among the deans of faculties and one from among the university administrative directors.
Sources
This article originated as a partial translation of this version of :it:Consiglio Universitario Nazionale, its counterpart in the Italian Wikipedia.
External links
Official website
Education in Italy
College and university associations and consortia in Europe
Carneal, Herb Carneal (1923–2007), was an American sports announcer.
Carneal may also refer to:
People
Russell M. Carneal (1918–1998), American legislator and judge
William T. Carneal (1920–1944), U.S. Army soldier killed in World War II
Michael Carneal (born 1983), perpetrator of the Heath High School shooting
Places
Carneal House, historic residence in Covington, Kentucky
Saifullah, (also spelled Sayfullah) - , meaning sword of God, is a male Islamic given name. Originally it was an honorific award for military prowess. In modern times it may be used as a surname.
Saifullah
Males
Title
SayfAllāh al-Maslūl, name given to Khalid ibn al-Walid, one of the companions of Muhammad (sal). But the shia claim it was given to Imam Ali, cousin and son in law of Muhammad (sal) as they had the sword zulfiqar, which was passed down by god
Emir Sayfullah, nom de guerre of Muslim Atayev (1974-2004), Islamist leader against the Russians in the North Caucasus
Emir Sayfullah, nom de guerre of Anzor Astemirov (1976–2010), Islamist leader against the Russians in the North Caucasus
Saifullah, name used by Daniel Patrick Boyd (born 1970), American alleged terrorist
Saifullah, nom de guerre of Gazi Haider (1994-2020), leader of the Hizbul Mujahideen in Kashmir
Given name
Sejfulla Malëshova (1901-1971), Albanian politician and writer
Saifullah Paracha (born 1947), Pakistani held in Guantanamo
Saif-ur-Rehman Mansoor (died ca. 2007), Taliban commander
Saifullah Cheema, Pakistani army officer
Sayfullo Saipov, suspected terrorist
Middle name
Anwar Saifullah Khan, Pakistani politician
Salim Saifullah Khan, Pakistani politician
Qari Saifullah Akhtar, Pakistani alleged terrorist
Surname
Muhammad Saifullah (born 1943), Pakistani politician
Zafar Saifullah, Indian politician
Females
Geysar Seyfulla qizi Kashiyeva, or Geysar Kashiyeva (1893–1972), Azerbaijani painter
See also
Qilla Saifullah, fort in Pakistan
Qila Saifullah, town in Pakistan
Killa Saifullah District, Pakistan
References
Arabic masculine given names
Arabic-language surnames
Racing Luck is a 1924 American silent comedy film directed by Herman C. Raymaker and starring Monty Banks, Helen Ferguson, and Lionel Belmore.
Cast
Preservation
Prints of Racing Luck are held in the collections of Cinémathèque royale de Belgique in Brussels and Gosfilmofond in Moscow.
References
Bibliography
Munden, Kenneth White. The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States, Part 1. University of California Press, 1997.
External links
1924 films
1924 comedy films
American auto racing films
Silent American comedy films
American silent feature films
1920s English-language films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Herman C. Raymaker
Associated Exhibitors films
1920s American films
Jim Herzfeld is an American film and television screenwriter who has also done work as a television producer. Herzfeld graduated from UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television (TFT) in 1984. Herzfeld's earliest TV credit is on It's Garry Shandling's Show in 1986, followed by almost 10 years of writing and producing on sitcom staffs, including Married... With Children. Herzfeld's earliest feature film work was a writing credit on the cult-comedy Tapeheads in 1988. Herzfeld's most successful work was writing the screenplay for the 2000 film Meet the Parents as well as writing the story and screenplay for its 2004 sequel Meet the Fockers. Herzfeld was also the writer of the canceled Circle 7 Animation version of Toy Story 3.
References
External links
American male screenwriters
American television producers
Living people
UCLA Film School alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Skrolli is a Finnish computer magazine which has been issued quarterly since March 2013. In December 2015 a funding campaign for an international English language edition was launched; this Skrolli International Edition shipped in April 2016.
While most famous in its native Finland, Skrolli has received international attention. For example in 2018, LucasArts alumni, game designer David Fox used a Skrolli magazine article about Rescue on Fractalus! as basis of a memoir thread on Twitter. In 2019, game designer Jeff Minter gave two presentations on Skrolli's stage at the Assembly demoparty.
Concept
The magazine's origins lie in an Internet meme image depicting how the cover of a 1980s computer magazine might look if it dealt with contemporary topics in computing. The editorial staff of the magazine consists of around ten active members of the Skrolli community.
The topics covered by Skrolli are mainly those that the commercial tech media tends to overlook. The magazine claims to emphasize a do-it-yourself attitude, a deep expertise in the issues covered, and "slow journalism", which aims to produce articles that remain relevant for extended time periods.
The editorial staff say that they want to offer a magazine which readers want to own as a physical product and save for years. Despite this, the issues (except the latest ones) can be freely downloaded in PDF format from the magazine's website.
Skrolli International Edition
Skrolli International Edition is an English language printed computer culture magazine which has been issued since April 2016. It is a sister magazine of the Finnish computer magazine Skrolli that has been running since 2013. The first Skrolli International Edition issue was crowdfunded in an Indiegogo campaign in early 2016.
References
2013 establishments in Finland
Computer magazines published in Finland
Magazines established in 2013
Quarterly magazines published in Finland
Downloadable magazines
Finnish-language magazines
Edward R. Harrison (8 January 1919 – 29 January 2007)
was a British astronomer and cosmologist, noted for their work about the increase of fluctuations in the expanding universe, for their explanation of Olbers's paradox, and for their books on cosmology for lay readers. They spent much of their career at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and University of Arizona, both in the United States.
Life
Harrison's education at Sir John Cass Technical Institute was interrupted by World War II, during which they served for six years with the British Army in various military campaigns, eventually serving as Radar Adviser to the Northern Area of the (British) Egyptian Army.
Following World War II, Harrison was with the British Civil Service, first with the Atomic Energy Research Establishment in Harwell, and later at the Rutherford High Energy Laboratory. During this time they attained the equivalent of university degrees, becoming a graduate, then an Associate, and finally a Fellow of the Institute of Physics. They also became a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society, the American Physical Society, and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.
In their early career, Harrison did research at the Atomic Energy Research Establishment, at CERN and at the Rutherford High-Energy Laboratory. In 1965, Ted Harrison went to the US as a NAS-NRC Senior Research Associate at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, in Maryland. In 1966, they became one of the three founders of the Astronomy Program within the Department of Physics and Astronomy at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. Over the next 30 years, they influenced the revival of the Five College Astronomy Department, linking UMass to Amherst College, Hampshire College, Smith College, and Mount Holyoke College. They also played a key role in the rise to international prominence of the Five College graduate course in astronomy. At their death, they were emeritus Distinguished University Professor of Physics and Astronomy at UMass, and an adjunct professor at the Steward Observatory of the University of Arizona.
Work
Ted Harrison had broad interests, and they published more than 200 papers, primarily in astrophysics and cosmology, but also in space sciences, high energy physics, plasma physics and physical chemistry. They were an elegant writer with a passion for the history of ideas. Their books (cf. especially their text Cosmology) illustrated points of physics or cosmology with many literary, philosophical, and historical references.
The work of Harrison and of Soviet physicist Yakov Borisovich Zel'dovich on structure formation from primordial density perturbations in the cosmic plasma has led to the general use of the term Harrison-Zel'dovich spectrum for primordial random fluctuations characterised by a scale-invariant power spectrum.
Harrison was fascinated with Olbers's paradox (the night sky is dark despite the vast number of stars in the universe). In 1964, they published detailed calculations that solved the paradox by concluding that stars do not generate enough energy to illuminate the entire sky. In 1987, they published a book, Darkness at Night, mulling over the Paradox and its rich history. This book clarified that the lack of energy is not primarily because the universe is expanding, but rather because the stars and galaxies have had only about 15 billion years to radiate, and do not have sufficient energy to keep radiating for much longer. Darkness at Night lays out how Harrison discovered that Edgar Allan Poe's essay Eureka anticipated this conclusion, and that Lord Kelvin had reached a very similar conclusion in a 1901 article ignored for 80 years until Harrison drew attention to it.
Harrison's text Cosmology: The Science of the Universe describes the problem of the cosmic edge of the universe by quoting 5th century BC soldier-philosopher Archytas, who questioned what occurs as a spear is hurled across the outer boundary of the universe.
Their final book, Masks of the Universe (2nd ed., 2003), questions current perceptions of reality, asking whether present cosmology, with ordinary matter, dark matter, plus dark energy, is yet only another "mask" obscuring a Universe which will remain perforce forever unknown to humans.
Books by Harrison
2003 (1985). Masks of the Universe. Cambridge Univ. Press.
2000 (1981). Cosmology: The Science of the Universe. Cambridge Univ. Press. .
1987. Darkness at Night: A Riddle of the Universe, Harvard University Press. .
1965. Elementary cosmology.
See also
Olbers's paradox
Notes
References
Edmund Blair Bolles, 1999. Galileo's Commandment: 2,500 Years of Great Science Writing.
Irvine, W. M., "Physics Today Obituaries: Edward R. (Ted) Harrison," PhysicsToday.org, 2007-02-23.
External links
20th-century British astronomers
1919 births
2007 deaths
Alumni of the University of London
University of Arizona faculty
University of Massachusetts Amherst faculty
British physical chemists
British Army personnel of World War II
Fellows of the Institute of Physics
Fellows of the American Physical Society
People associated with CERN
Robbie Robertson is a musician.
Robbie Robertson may also refer to:
Robbie Robertson (album), self-titled album by the musician
Robbie Robertson (comics), fictional character
Robbie Robertson, Miss Mississippi in 1966
Robie Robertson, awarded the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for Marooned
See also
Robert Robertson (disambiguation)
Robert "Roby" or "Robbi" Roberson, Pentecostal pastor acquitted in the Wenatchee child abuse prosecutions
Davis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,110. The county seat is Bloomfield.
Davis County is included in the Ottumwa, IA Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Davis County was named in honor of Garrett Davis, a Congressman from Kentucky from March 4, 1839, until March 3, 1847, and later a US Senator from Kentucky.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.5%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 63
Iowa Highway 2
Iowa Highway 202
Adjacent counties
Wapello County (north)
Monroe County (northwest)
Van Buren County (east)
Jefferson County (northeast)
Scotland County, Missouri (southeast)
Schuyler County, Missouri (southwest)
Appanoose County (west)
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 9,110 in the county, with a population density of . 97.49% of the population reported being of one race. 94.98% were non-Hispanic White, 0.09% were Black, 1.58% were Hispanic, 0.12% were Native American, 0.16% were Asian, 0.00% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 3.06% were some other race or more than one race. There were 3,579 housing units of which 3,258 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 8,753 in the county, with a population density of . There were 3,600 housing units, of which 3,201 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 8,541 people, 3,207 households, and 2,286 families residing in the county. The population density was 17 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 3,530 housing units at an average density of 7 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.35% White, 0.18% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.05% Pacific Islander, 0.21% from other races, and 0.81% from two or more races. 0.71% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 10.4% of the population speak either German or Pennsylvania German at home.
There were 3,207 households, out of which 32.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.70% were married couples living together, 5.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.70% were non-families. 25.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 13.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.13.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.10% under the age of 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 25.20% from 25 to 44, 22.90% from 45 to 64, and 17.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 97.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,864, and the median income for a family was $40,982. Males had a median income of $26,818 versus $21,726 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,127. About 9.00% of families and 11.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.70% of those under age 18 and 12.80% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Bloomfield
Drakesville
Floris
Pulaski
Unincorporated communities
Troy
West Grove
Townships
Davis County is divided into these townships:
Cleveland
Drakesville
Fabius
Fox River
Grove
Lick Creek
Marion
Perry
Prairie
Roscoe
Salt Creek
Soap Creek
Union
West Grove
Wyacondah
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Davis County.
† county seat
Notable people
John Pickler, member of the United States House of Representatives, resident of Davis County.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Davis County, Iowa
References
External links
County website
City-Data.com
1843 establishments in Iowa Territory
Populated places established in 1843
Norton PC Checkup was a program downloaded either separately or as a bundle with updates to Adobe Flash, provided to enable users to perform a system checkup of their Microsoft Windows based personal computers. It was launched by Symantec in October 2008.
The program has since been succeeded by Norton Live.
Criticism
This software was initially criticized by users for its similarity to various malware "virus removers", but a software fix was published by Symantec to resolve this problem.
This software was also installed on Toshiba Windows 7 laptops under the name of Toshiba Security Dashboard. The problem with this was, a user was unable to uninstall the software because there was no uninstaller in the program folder, and it wasn't even listed in Programs and Features. The solution was to uninstall the Toshiba Security Dashboard, thus uninstalling the Norton Product.
References
External links
Adobe software
NortonLifeLock software
Bryce Hegarty (born 28 August 1992) is an Australian rugby union player who plays either as a fly-half or fullback. They currently play for Leicester Tigers in England's Premiership Rugby. They previously played for the Queensland Reds, the Melbourne Rebels and the New South Wales Waratahs in Super Rugby, and Toyota Industries Shuttles in Japan.
Hegarty is the son of former Manly Sea Eagles player Steve Hegarty.
Professional career
Hegarty played for the Brisbane Broncos Under-20 side before moving south to Melbourne ahead of the 2013 Super Rugby season. They made their Rebels debut on 11 May 2013 in a 32–36 loss to the in Auckland. The following week they made their first start, against the Stormers at fly-half in the absence of the injured James O'Connor and Angus Roberts.
After the 2015 Super Rugby season, Hegarty joined Japanese Top League side Toyota Industries Shuttles for the 2015–16 season. They returned to Australia to play for the Waratahs in 2016.
On 21 June 2021 Hegarty moved to Leicester Tigers in England's Premiership Rugby. On 30 October 2021, they made their debut for Leicester after appearing as a substitute in the East Midlands Derby against Northampton Saints.
References
External links
Melbourne Rebels Profile
1992 births
Living people
Australian expatriate rugby union players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Japan
Australian rugby league players
Australian rugby union players
Black Rams Tokyo players
Brisbane City (rugby union) players
Melbourne Rebels players
North Devils players
Rugby league fullbacks
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Brisbane
Rugby union fullbacks
Rugby union fly-halves
Rugby union players from Brisbane
Expatriate rugby union players in Japan
New South Wales Waratahs
Queensland Reds players
Sydney (NRC team) players
Expatriate rugby league players in England
Leicester Tigers players
Toyota Industries Shuttles Aichi players
Jar of Gems is the greatest hits album by Jars of Clay that was released exclusively in Singapore and Philippines due to the band's popularity in those countries. The 12-track compilation on the first disc features all of the band's radio singles that were released in Singapore and Philippines. The second disc features several of the tracks that appear on the 1999 rarities album, The White Elephant Sessions. Fans in other parts of the world have been able to purchase the album through various online retailers, as well as through the Official Jars of Clay Fanclub at one point in time.
Track listing
Disc One
"Love Song for a Savior"
"Like a Child"
"Liquid"
"Blind"
"Tea And Sympathy"
"Flood"
"Five Candles (You Were There)"
"Unforgetful You"
"Collide"
"No One Loves Me Like You"
"Famous Last Words"
"Hand"
Disc Two
"Unforgetful You" (Remix)
"Can't Erase It" (Tweed Horse Sessions)
"The New Math" (Tweed Horse Sessions)
"Collide" (Tweed Horse Sessions)
"Grace" (Hudson & Wells Demo)
"The Coffee Song" (from Seatbelt Tuba)
"Frail" (Instrumental)
2001 greatest hits albums
Jars of Clay compilation albums
Essential Records (Christian) compilation albums
Godneh () is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 33, in 8 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Obispo Santistevan (or: Santiesteban) is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz department and is situated in the department's western parts. The province was founded on 2 December 1941, and its name honors Obispo Santistevan (1843–1931), famous supporter of the building of Santa Cruz Cathedral.
Location
Obispo Santistevan Province is located between 16° 02' and 17° 24' South and between 63° 02' and 64° 15' West. It extends over a length of 280 km from Northwest to Southeast, and up to 45 km from West to East. The province's border to the neighbouring provinces in the East and Northeast is formed by Río Grande.
The province is situated in the Bolivian lowlands and borders Ichilo Province in the Northwest, Sara Province in the Southwest, Ignacio Warnes Province in the Southeast, Ñuflo de Chávez Province in the East, and Guarayos Province in the Northeast.
Population
The population of Obispo Santistevan Province has increased by 75% over the recent two decades:
1992: 104,660 inhabitants (census)
2001: 142,786 inhabitants (census)
2005: 161,307 inhabitants (est.)
2010: 176,107 inhabitants (est.)
44.7% of the population are younger than 15 years old. (1992)
98.2% of the population speak Spanish, 27.6% speak Quechua, 1.9% Aymara, and 1.2 speak Guaraní. (1992)
35.5% of the population have no access to electricity, 34.2% have no sanitary facilities. (1992)
86.5% of the population are Catholics, 9.8% are Protestants. (1992)
Division
The province comprises three municipios:
Mineros Municipality - 45,853 inhabitants (2001)
Montero Municipipality - 80,341 inhabitants (2001)
General Saavedra Municipality - 16,592 inhabitants (2001)
References
External links
General map of province
Detailed map of province towns and rivers
Population data (Spanish)
Social data (Spanish)
Provinces of Santa Cruz Department (Bolivia)
Jean-Claude Decosse (born 6 July 1949) is a French racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1949 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
French male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of France
Place of birth missing (living people)
Ludmila Lida Bášová also known as Ludmila Šimáková (born 23 April 1968) is a former Czech female badminton player who has represented both Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic in international badminton competitions. They have participated in several European Championships, World Championships in from 1991 to 2000.
They won the Czechoslovak National Badminton Championships women's doubles title along with Alena Horáková in 1992, which was their first national Championship title win in their badminton career. They played for Czechoslovakia from 1991-1993 until the dissolution of Czechoslovakia with the birth name Ludmila Šimáková. They were married to Petr Báša in 1993 with the name Ludmila Bášová. Ludmila Bášová went onto represent Czech Republic in badminton competitions from 1993-2000 which became an independent nation after the dissolution of the Czechoslovakia. Ludmila won women's doubles titles on 4 consecutive occasions at the Czech National Badminton Championships from 1997 to 2000 partnering with Markéta Koudelková before their retirement from playing badminton. Them daughter Alžběta Bášová is also a professional badminton player represents Czech Republic at the international badminton Championships.
References
External links
Badminton player at PDF
1968 births
Living people
Czech female badminton players
Sportspeople from Hradec Králové
The Viote Alpine Botanical Garden (Giardino Botanico Alpino Viote) (10 hectares) is an alpine botanical garden operated by the Museo tridentino di scienze naturali, and located in Viotte di Monte Bondone, southwest of Trento, Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is open daily in the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
The garden was established in 1938, damaged in World War II, and renewed in 1958. Plants are grouped in beds by areas of origin, such as the Pyrenees, the Alps, the Apennines, the Balkans, Carpathians, Caucasus, the Americas, and the Himalayas. American genera include Arnica, Eriophyllum, Lewisia, Liatris, Phlox, Penstemon, and Silphium; Himalayan genera include Androsace, Gentiana, Incarvillea, Leontopodium, Meconopsis, Potentilla, and Veronica.
Species of particular interest include Artemisia petrosa, Daphne petraea, Ephedra helvetica, Fritillaria tubaeformis, Linaria tonzigi, Paederota bonarota, Rhizobotrya alpina, Sanguisorba dodecandra, Saxifraga arachnoidea, Saxifraga tombeanensis, Scabiosa vestina, Silene elisabethae, and Viola dubyana. The garden also includes a nature trail (1000 meters) through indigenous vegetation, including Drosera rotundifolia and Pinguicula vulgaris.
See also
List of botanical gardens in Italy
References
F. Pedrotti, "Il Giardino Botanico Alpino alle Viotte del Monte Bondone (Trento)", in F. M. Raimondo (ed.), Orti Botanici, Giardini Alpini, Arboreti Italiani, Edizioni Grifo, Palermo, pp 417–422, 1992.
F. Pedrotti and F. Da Trieste, "Il sentiero naturalistico del Giardino Botanico Alpino delle Viotte del Monte Bondone (Trento)", in Atti Riunione scientitica sul tema: Didattica preuniversitaria negli Orti Botanici, Arco e Trento, settembre 1994. Inf. Bot. Ital., 28(1):125-127, 1996.
F. Pedrotti and F. Da Trieste, "Conservazione ex situ di specie endemiche e rare nel Giardino Botanico Alpino delle Viotte del Monte Bondone (Trento)", Museol. sci., 14(1), Suppl.:605-610, 1998.
External links
Giardino Botanico delle Viote
Photographs
Botanical gardens in Italy
Geography of Trentino
Gardens in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol
The Warriors of the Turkish People's Liberation Front or WTPLF was a Turkish militant organization led by Omer Faruk Aydin.
On December 17, 1980 the leader of the group and five other members were arrested for involvement in 35 political murders in three years, also including the killing of a US serviceman on May 11, 1979.
Later on January 7, 1981 four more members were arrested in the province of Antalya for the killing of a US sergeant which took place on April 12, 1979.
References
Terrorist attacks attributed to Turkish militant groups
Guerrilla organizations
Rebel groups in Turkey
The Marquesan monarch (Pomarea mendozae) is a species of bird in the family Monarchidae. It is endemic to French Polynesia. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy and systematics
The Marquesan monarch was originally described in the genus Monarcha.
Subspecies
Two subspecies are recognized with one of them now extinct:
†Hivoa flycatcher (P. m. mendozae) - (Hartlaub, 1854): Formerly found on Tahuata and Hiva Oa, last sighted in 1975
P. m. motanensis - Murphy & Mathews, 1928: Found on Mohotani
Additionally, two former subspecies were each re-classified as separate species in 2012:
Ua Pou monarch (as P. m. mira)
†Nuku Hiva monarch (as P. m. nukuhivae)
Distribution and population
The Marquesan monarch was once fairly common and widespread in the Marquesas inhabiting islands such as Ua Pou, Nuku Hiva, Hiva Oa, Tahuata, and Mohotani but is now restricted to Mohotani. An ornithological study on Mohotani in 2000 estimated that there are approximately 80-125 (formerly 200-350 pairs in 1975) left on the small island.
Ecology
The Marquesan monarch is mainly an insectivorous bird found in forest valleys at a variety of different altitudes. The species mainly prefers lowland forest but, most of that habitat was destroyed. Adults prefer areas of dense vegetation while immature birds often prefer shrubby vegetation in dry areas.
Threats
The rare Marquesan monarch faces further endangerment from hunting by feral cats and the polynesian rat, both of which are non-native introduced species to the island of Mohotani. All the Marquesas Islands have been damaged heavily by intense grazing and fire, and much of the original dry forest has been reduced to grassland while upland forest is now reduced to small forest patches.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
Marquesan monarch
Birds of the Marquesas Islands
Marquesan monarch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Callicarpa pedunculata (common name - velvet-leaf) is a shrub or small tree in the Lamiaceae family native to both Queensland and New South Wales.
Description
C. pedunculata is a shrub or small tree growing from 3 to 4 m high.
The twigs, the petioles and the underside of the leaf blade have a covering of stalked stellate hairs, while the upper surface of the leaf has a covering of stellate and simple hairs which become sparse when older. The Leaf blades are about 6-18 x 3-6 cm, and there are small, pale yellow, glands on the underside of the leaf. The bottom part of the leaf has smooth margins but the remainder is toothed.
The inflorescences are 2 to 3 cm long, and sometimes inserted a little above leaf axil. The flowers have stalks which are 0.5 to 1 mm long, while the calyx 1 to 1.5 mm long, and the purple or mauve corolla is 2 to 3 mm long.
It produces whitish to purple berries that are drupes.
It is grown as an ornamental shrub. The fruit is astringent and too acidic to be eaten by people.
It was first described by Robert Brown in 1810.
References
External links
Callicarpa pedunculata database
pedunculata
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Leonid Poretsky (born August 7, 1954) is a Russian-born American endocrinologist. Their research interests include mechanisms of insulin action in the ovary, endocrinological aspects of AIDS, and clinical outcomes in diabetes. They have authored over 100 publications and has served on the National Institutes of Health's review committees and on the editorial boards of the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism and other endocrine journals.
As of 2014 they are a professor of medicine at Hofstra Northwell School of Medicine in Hempstead, New York, and Chief of the Division of Endocrinology at Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan, New York.
Early life, career
Leonid Poretsky was born on August 7, 1954 in Leningrad, Russian SSR. Their mother, Nina, was a well known pediatrician from Bobruisk, Belarus who lived and worked in Leningrad. Their father was a prominent engineer. Poretsky graduated from First (Pavlov) Medical Institute in Leningrad (now St. Petersburg State Medical University), cum laude in 1977.
They immigrated with their family to the United States in 1979. Upon completing their internal medicine residency program, they began a fellowship in endocrinology and metabolism at Boston's Beth Israel Hospital (now Beth Israel/Deaconess Medical Center). They also completed a research fellowship in medicine at Harvard Medical School (1983–1985), where they were mentored by Dr. Jeffrey Flier.
Beth Israel Medical Center
While at Beth Israel Medical Center (2000 - 2014), Dr. Poretsky served as Chief of the Division of Endocrinology, Vice-Chairman for Research, and Interim Chairman in the Department of Medicine. They held the Gerald J. Friedman endowed chair in endocrinology and metabolism at Beth Israel Medical Center and was a founding director of the Gerald J. Friedman Diabetes Institute.
Gerald J. Friedman Diabetes Institute is an education, clinical management and research program focused on diabetes which requires no insurance or physician referral. At the institute Poretsky chairs the annual Friedman Fellows Symposia, which present the work of fellows from around the US supported by The Gerald J. and Dorothy R. Friedman New York Foundation for Medical Research.
Lenox Hill Hospital
In September 2014, Dr. Poretsky joined the staff of Lenox Hill Hospital as its Chief of the Division of Endocrinology.  They are leading the effort to develop academic and clinical programs. An endocrinology fellowship program was initiated in July 2016 and a new site for the Gerald J. and Dorothy R. Friedman Diabetes Institute at Lenox Hill Hospital opened on August 1, 2016. Another specialized program in the division—Friedman Transgender Health and Wellness Program—opened in 2017. The division has numerous grants from philanthropic organizations, industry and government agencies (New York State Department of Health and the National Institutes of Health). Lenox Hill Hospital is a part of Northwell Health, formerly North Shore – LIJ Health System, a network of hospitals, nursing homes, a medical school, a nursing school, a medical research institute, ambulatory care centers, urgent care centers, a health insurance company, and laboratories.
Dr. Poretsky has regularly appeared in the New York Times Magazine Best Doctors List and the U.S. News & World Report Best Doctors List.
Publishing
Medical texts
Poretsky has authored over 100 publications, and has served on the editorial board of the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology and Metabolism, Journal of Diabetes, and other publications.
They contributed to and edited the comprehensive textbook Principles of Diabetes Mellitus, which has been widely cited, and has gone through three editions so far (2002, 2010 and 2017). The book covers a wide range of topics on diabetes.
In 2012 they edited Diabetes Mellitus: A Concise Clinical Guide, which covers "the basics of diagnosis, complications, therapies and prevention of diabetes." The book consists of sections originally published in the second edition of Principles of Diabetes Mellitus.
 They are also a series editor for “Contemporary Endocrinology”. (Springer, Inc.)
A comprehensive textbook "Transgender Medicine - Multidisciplinary Approach" co-edited by Leonid Poretsky, MD and Wylie Hembree, MD was published in 2019 (Springer Publishers, Inc.)
Public policy
Poretsky has been vocal in the media about how health care policy can affect patient care. In the 1990s they wrote a letter to the editor of New York Times concerning how Medicaid payment caps can limit physicians' availability to patients. In July 2012 they wrote an op-ed for Forbes which drew comparisons between the bureaucratic behavior of the American healthcare system and that of the Soviet Union's, which they say "collapsed under the weight of its own bureaucratic inefficiencies two decades ago." This article was followed in 2013 by a publication on the subject entitled “The sovietization of American medicine: Notes from the front lines”, which appeared in the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons.
In 2013 they published a letter in the Wall Street Journal talking about inadequate methods used by the government to assess hospital performance and a letter regarding policy changes needed to reduce hospital readmissions. In 2017, they published a letter about Medicare being allowed to compete with private health insurance plans. In 2021 they were interviewed by USA today regarding transgender health care. In 2022 they co-authored a letter in the New York Times regarding medical care of transgender youth.
Notable research
Insulin in the human ovary
While working as a research fellow at Harvard in the early 1980s, Poretsky became known for discovering, describing and characterizing insulin receptors in the human ovary.
Before their research, the hormone insulin had been known to primarily regulate glucose and other fuel metabolism in the liver, fat, and muscle. Their work established the ovary as a target for regulation by insulin, and introduced a new paradigm for the gonadotropic function of insulin.
Poretsky had been researching the causes of hyperandrogenism (high level of male hormones and male features in females) in patients with extreme forms of insulin resistance, for example in people with insulin receptor gene mutations. Subsequently, Poretsky's work became important for understanding more common disorders, such as polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS), which affects up to 10% of reproductive age women and is associated with infertility and diabetes. Poretsky's work helped lead to the use of insulin-sensitizing agents in patients with PCOS.
Poretsky and their coworkers also characterized related receptors in the ovary (insulin-like growth factor receptors, peroxisome-proliferator activated receptor-gamma), embarked on early studies of the newly discovered energy metabolism hormone irisin in reproduction, and conceptualized an insulin-related ovarian regulatory system.
AIDS/HIV
Another line of Poretsky's research involved endocrine manifestations of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), and includes an early review of endocrinological dysfunction in AIDS patients.
Additionally, in 1987 Poretsky was a key member of the team which described a condition called hyporeninemic hypoaldosteronism, which is characterized by deficiency of adrenal hormone aldosterone, in patients with AIDS. This discovery resulted in introduction of treatment with fludrocortisone, which proved to be extremely effective and almost immediately converted most patients with this condition from being unable to stand (because of a severe drop in blood pressure upon standing) to being mobile and more functional.
Poretsky was also key in an early description of a type of inflammation of the thyroid (thyroiditis) which is caused by an opportunistic infection of the thyroid gland by an organism which had been known to infect only the lungs of patients with AIDS. However, Drucker et al published a case of thyroiditis due to pneumocystis infection the year before Poretsky.
They also studied the metabolism of adrenal hormones cortisol and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
Clinical studies in diabetes
Poretsky's other publications address a variety of subjects in diabetes and reproduction. Recent publications include an invited editorial in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on the role of advanced glycation end products (AGEs) in metabolic disease; a study of the potential new treatment for prevention of diabetic nephropathy (carried out in collaboration with investigators from the Mount Sinai School of Medicine); a review of the role of vitamin D in human reproduction; and an editorial as well as a clinical research study on the problem of recurrent hospitalizations of patients with diabetes. In 2021 they have published on applications of modern glucose monitoring technology in hospitalized patients with diabetes during COVID-19 epidemic.
References
External links
Leonid Poretsky's CV at the Friedman Diabetes Institute
Living people
1954 births
American endocrinologists
Harvard Medical School alumni
Physicians from Saint Petersburg
William Gordon Ritchie (27 September 1918 – 20 November 1998) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the House of Commons of Canada. They studied MB ChB medicine at the University of St Andrews School of Medicine. They were a surgeon and physician by career.
Ritchie represented the Dauphin electoral district where they won office in the 1968 federal election. They were re-elected in 1972, 1974 and 1979. After serving successive terms from the 28th to the 31st Canadian Parliaments, Ritchie left federal politics in 1980 and did not campaign in that year's national elections.
Ritchie also made one early unsuccessful attempt to win the Dauphin seat in the
1957 federal election.
They died in 1998 at Dauphin.
References
External links
1918 births
1998 deaths
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Manitoba
People from Dauphin, Manitoba
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada MPs
Alumni of the University of St Andrews
The Coming Ones () is the third album by Chinese singer-songwriter Sa Dingding. Separate versions were released for the China and international markets.
The Coming Ones include traditional music from southwest China, as well as villagers of Xiaoshuijing singing Beethoven's Ninth Symphony. The album also includes music created in collaboration with Paul Oakenfold. Some songs are accompanied by music played on ancient instruments.
Some of the material on this album was reworked and included on the musician's later album Beyond Convention.
Version differences
Several differences exist between the initial release and international release of the album. The cover of the original release features an image of Sa Dingding with an elderly Tibetan woman. The international version of the album only features the artist in a folded-hand gesture.
The international version also reorders most of the tracks and replaces the track "Zhen Zhi Yan" (真之言) with "Peacock" and removes the track "Xing Zhe Wu Jiang" (行者無疆).
Stylistic differences between albums also results in difference of track lengths.
Track listing
Track listing (International release)
References
External links
The Coming Ones, official site.
2012 albums
Sa Dingding albums
Bahira (, ) was an Arabian monk from the tribe of Abd al-Qays Nestorian or possibly Nasoraean Mandaean who, according to Islamic tradition, foretold to the adolescent Muhammad their future as a prophet. Their name derives from the Syriac bḥīrā, meaning “tested (by God) and approved”. Christian tradition later appropriated them as Sergius.
Islamic tradition
The story of Muhammad's encounter with Bahira occurs in the works of the early Muslim historians Ibn Hisham (died 833 CE), Ibn Sa'd al-Baghdadi (784–855), and Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari (839–923), whose versions differ in some details. The young Muhammad, then either nine or twelve years old, met Bahira in Syria while travelling with a Meccan caravan, accompanying their uncle Abu Talib ibn ‘Abd al-Muttalib. When the caravan passed by their cell, the monk invited the merchants to a feast. They accepted the invitation, leaving the boy to guard the camel. Bahira, however, insisted that everyone in the caravan should come to him. Then a miraculous occurrence indicated to the monk that Muhammad would become a prophet.
When they sat under a tree, its branches moved to shade him, the movement of a cloud kept shadowing Muhammad regardless of the time of the day drew Bahira's attention. The monk revealed their visions of Muhammad's future to the boy's uncle (Abu Talib), warning them to preserve the child from the Jews (in Ibn Sa'd's version) or from the Byzantines (in al-Tabari's version). Both Ibn Sa'd and al-Tabari write that Bahira found the announcement of the coming of Muhammad in the original, unadulterated gospels, which they possessed.
A similar tradition is attributed to Ibn Shihab al-Zuhri in the works of the early ahadith compiler ‘Abd al-Razzaq al-San‘ani, in which the unnamed figure is a rabbi of Tayma instead of a Christian Syrian monk. The rabbi warns Abu Talib against bringing Muhammad to Syria, as they predict that Muhammad will be killed by the Syrian Jews if they proceed. In response, Abu Talib returned to Mecca with their nephew. Later Islamic writers gave the rabbi the name of Bahira.
Christian tradition
The names and religious affiliations of the monk vary in different Christian sources. For example, John of Damascus (d.749), a Christian writer, states that Muhammad "having chanced upon the Old and New Testaments and likewise, it seems, having conversed with an Arian monk, devised their own heresy."
For Abd-al-Masih al-Kindi, who calls them Sergius and writes that they later called themselves Nestorius, Bahira was a Nasorean, a group usually conflated with the Nestorians. After the 9th century, Byzantine polemicists refer to them as Baeira or Pakhyras, both being derivatives of the name Bahira, and describe them as an iconoclast. Sometimes Bahira is called a Syrian Jacobite or an Arian. The early Christian polemical biographies of Muhammad share in claiming that any supposed illiteracy of Muhammad did not imply that they received religious instruction solely from the angel Gabriel, and often identified Bahira as a secret, religious teacher to Muhammad.
Gallery
Bibliography
Maulana Muhammad Ali (2002), The Holy Qur'an: Arabic Text with English Translation and Commentary, New Addition, Ahmadiyya Anjuman Isha' at Islam Lahore Inc., Ohio, USA.
Osman Kartal (2009), The Prophet's Scribe Athena Press, London (a novel)
B. Roggema, The Legend of Sergius Baḥīrā. Eastern Christian Apologetics and Apocalyptic in Response to Islam (The History of Christian-Muslim Relations. Texts and Studies 9; 2008) (includes editions, translations and further references).
K. Szilágyi, Muhammad and the Monk: The Making of the Christian Baḥīrā Legend, Jerusalem Studies in Arabic and Islam 34 (2008), in press.
Abel, A. (1935) “L'Apocalypse de Bahira et la notion islamique du Mahdi” Annuaire de l'Institut de Philologie et d'Histoire Orientale III, 1–12. Alija Ramos, M.
References
External links
The Byzantine Church Of Buhaira En Bosra Syria
6th-century Christian monks
6th-century Arabs
Non-Muslim interactants with Muslims during Muhammad's era
Precursors in religion
Christianity and Islam
Christian apologetics
Mary (died 1215/16) was an abbess of Shaftesbury Abbey during the 12th century, from at least 1181 to 1215. They were the illegitimate daughter of Geoffrey Plantagenet, Count of Anjou, thus the half-sister of Henry II, King of England. It is possible that they are the same person as Marie of France, but it is not known for certain. They became abbess sometime in the 1170s or 1180s and died in 1215 or 1216.
Several charters relating to the abbey in that period bear them name.
In fiction
Matrix is a 2021 historical novel by Lauren Groff about Mary, identifying them with Marie de France and concerning their tenure as abbess.
References
Studies in the Early History of Shaftesbury Abbey, Dorset County Council, 1999
Abbesses of Shaftesbury
1210s deaths
13th-century English women
13th-century English people
12th-century English women
12th-century English people
Pseudocellus boneti is an arachnid species in the order Ricinulei. It occurs in the Cacahuamilpa cave system in Guerrero, Mexico.
References
Bolívar y Pieltáin, 1942 : Estudio de un Ricinulideo de la caverna de Cacahuamilpa, Guerrero, Mexico. Revista de la Sociedad Mexicana de Historia Natural, vol. 2, n. 3, p. 197-209
Cave arachnids
Ricinulei
Animals described in 1942
Endemic spiders of Mexico
Natural history of Guerrero
Sicard Flat is an unincorporated community in Yuba County, California, USA. It is located west-northwest of Smartville, at an elevation of 348 feet (106 m). The name honors Theodore Sicard, miner and merchant, who settled here in 1848.
References
Notes
Sources
Unincorporated communities in California
Populated places established in 1848
Unincorporated communities in Yuba County, California
Jason Chan (born 26 January 1984) is a former Papua New Guinea international rugby league footballer who played for the Celtic Crusaders, the Huddersfield Giants and the Hull Kingston Rovers in the Super League, primarily as a , but also as a or .
Background
They were born in Sydney, Australia.
 They are of Chinese descent.
Early career
Chan played junior football for the Windsor Wolves in the Jim Beam Cup. Their 16 tries and 64 goals helped the Wolves to win the 2008 title.
Super League career
Chan joined the Crusaders in 2009 as they embarked on their first Super League season. Chan played 23 games for Crusaders that season, including all three of their wins. In 2010, Chan maintained their position in first team, earning the number 12 jumper.
Following the demise of the Crusaders, Chan joined the Huddersfield Giants, starting in 2012.
Chan spent part of the 2014 season on loan at Hull Kingston Rovers. They returned to Australia at the end of the season.
Representative career
In the lead up to the 2008 Rugby League World Cup, Chan was named to the Papua New Guinea training squad and subsequently was named to the final World Cup squad. They played in all three of Papua New Guinea's matches during the World Cup, scoring a single try for the Kumuls in their loss against England.
Chan was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup. Chan played in both games for PNG, scoring a try in the first round against Tonga.
They played for Papua New Guinea in the 2013 Rugby League World Cup.
References
External links
RLWC profile
1984 births
Living people
Australian expatriate rugby league players
Australian expatriate sportspeople in England
Australian expatriate sportspeople in Wales
Australian sportspeople of Chinese descent
Australian people of Papua New Guinean descent
Australian rugby league players
Crusaders Rugby League players
Expatriate rugby league players in England
Expatriate rugby league players in Wales
Huddersfield Giants players
Hull Kingston Rovers players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Papua New Guinean expatriate sportspeople in England
Papua New Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Wales
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Sydney
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Windsor Wolves players
Fernand Joseph Cheri III (born January 28, 1952) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. A member of the Order of Friars Minor, Cheri has served as an auxiliary bishop of Archdiocese of New Orleans since 2015.
Biography
Early life
Fernand Joseph Cheri III was born in New Orleans to Fernand Jr. and Gladys Cheri. They received their high school education at St. John Vianney Preparatory Seminary in New Orleans. They went on to study at St. Joseph Seminary College in Covington, Louisiana and Notre Dame Seminary in New Orleans.
Priesthood
Cheri was ordained a priest for the Archdiocese of New Orleans by Archbishop Philip Hannan on May 20, 1978. After their ordination. Cheri received a Master of Theology degree from the Xavier University of Louisiana Institute for Black Catholic Studies. Cheri's first pastoral assignment was as the parochial vicar at Our Lady of Lourdes Parish in New Orleans and St. Joseph the Worker Parish in Marrero, Louisiana, serving both parishes until 1984. They then became the pastor of St. Joseph the Worker Paris in 1984 and after a year became the pastor of St. Francis de Sales Parish in New Orleans from 1985 to 1990. Cheri was appointed administrator of St. Theresa of the Child Jesus Parish in New Orleans from 1990 to 1991.
Cheri entered the novitiate of the Sacred Heart Province of the Order of Friars Minor (Franciscans) in 1992. They professed solemn vows in the order on August 26, 1996. As a Franciscan, Cheri served as chaplain at Hales Franciscan High School in Chicago from 1994 to 1996. They served as pastor of St. Vincent de Paul Parish in Nashville, Tennessee from 1996 to 2002. During that time they also served as a member of the provincial council for the Franciscan Province of the Sacred Heart from 1999 to 2002. Cheri was assigned to St. Benedict the Black Friary in East St. Louis, Illinois from 2002 to 2007 and taught high school in East St. Louis, Illinois. They undertook continuing education from 2007 to 2008, and then served as director of the Office of Friar Life in East St. Louis from 2008 to 2009, and as associate director of campus ministry at Xavier University in New Orleans from 2010 to 2011. Cheri then served as director of campus ministry at Quincy University in Quincy, Illinois, and as vicar of the Holy Cross Friary in Quincy from 2011 to 2015. Cheri has written articles and books on African-American Catholic liturgy, and served as an archivist of Black religious music.
Auxiliary bishop of New Orleans
Cheri was named the Titular bishop of Membressa and auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of New Orleans by Pope Francis on January 12, 2015. Their episcopal consecration took place on March 23, 2015 at the Cathedral-Basilica of Saint Louis, King of France in New Orleans. Archbishop Gregory Aymond of New Orleans was the consecrator. Archbishop Wilton Gregory and Bishop J. Terry Steib were the co-consecrators.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans Official Site
Episcopal succession
1952 births
Living people
People from New Orleans
Notre Dame Seminary alumni
Xavier University of Louisiana alumni
African-American Roman Catholic bishops
21st-century Roman Catholic bishops in the United States
Franciscan bishops
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New Orleans
Roman Catholic bishops in Louisiana
Bishops appointed by Pope Francis
Knights of Peter Claver & Ladies Auxiliary
Royal patronage may refer to:
Fount of honour, a representative of a sovereign or formerly sovereign entity who, by virtue of their or their official position, has the exclusive prerogative of conferring legitimate titles of nobility and orders of chivalry to other persons
Royal patronage in arts, commerce, etc.
Patronato real
Padroado
The International Ornithological Committee (IOC) recognizes these 150 species of cuckoos in the family Cuculidae. In addition to the 88 species whose name includes "cuckoo", the family includes anis, roadrunners, coucals, couas, malkohas, and koels. They are distributed among 33 genera, some of which have only one species. Two extinct species, the snail-eating coua and the St. Helena cuckoo, are included.
This list is presented according to the IOC taxonomic sequence and can also be sorted alphabetically by common name and binomial.
References
Cuculidae
Lists of birds
The South Madison Avenue-Pannell Road Historic District in Monroe, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The listing included eight contributing buildings.
The area developed as a small country hamlet, outside Monroe. Most of the buildings were built before 1910.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Walton County, Georgia
Lawksawk Township () is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The principal town is Lawksawk.
Geography
Lawksawk Township is bounded on the north by the townships of Nawnghkio, Kyaukme, and Hsipaw; on the east by Mong Kung and Hopong; on the south by Taunggyi, Kalaw, and Pingdaya; and on the west by Ywangan. It is the northernmost township in the Taunggyi District.
Lawksawk is situated in a mountainous region with ranges generally running north and south, divided by broad valleys. Most of the township is within the drainage basins of two rivers, the Zawgyi and the Nam Lang.
History
Saohpas of Lawksawk
Lawksawk has traditionally been ruled by a saohpa (chieftain). The following is a list of the known saohpas of Lawksawk:
Hkun Sam Lik 1791–1811
On Gaing 1812–1813
Hkun Shwe Ek 1813–1850
Vacant 1850–1854
Sao Weng (first time) 1854–1881
Occupied by Yawnghwe 1881–1886
Sao Weng (second time) 1886–1887
Bo Saing (regent) 1887
Hkun Nu 1887–1900
Sao Hkun Nsok 1900–1946
Sao Hkun Hsa 1946–1952
References
Townships of Shan State
Lynnsie Sarah Elam (born May 27, 1998) is an American former college softball player for the Oklahoma Sooners.
High school career
Elam played their high school softball career at Chickasha High School in Chickasha, Oklahoma. They led their team to 4 district championships, 3 regional championships, and 2 OSSAA state championships. During their senior season, they had a .491 batting average, 5 homeruns, and 50 RBIs. They committed to the Sooners as a first-year student, and soon after, their mother passed away which they attribute to their drive for success.
College career
Lynnsie Elam spent their entire college career playing for the University of Oklahoma. While playing in college, they won 4 Big 12 Conference regular season championships, 2 Big 12 Conference tournament championships, and 2 Women's College World Series championships. After the 2021 Big 12 Conference Softball Tournament, Elam was named to the Big 12 Championship All-Tournament team. Elam was the captain of the 2021 and 2022 Oklahoma teams that won the NCAA championship. Them senior year, they were a finalist for the 2022 senior CLASS award. They were also named Big 12 Player of the Week in February 2020 and March 2022. Elam was not always the starting catcher for the Sooners, but was respected for their work effort and embracing the role of a team player.
Professional career
On June 14, 2022, the Florida Vibe announced that they had signed Elam to a professional contract.
References
1998 births
Living people
Oklahoma Sooners softball players
People from Oklahoma
People from Chickasha, Oklahoma
Sportspeople from Oklahoma
The Springfield Model 1795 was a .69 caliber flintlock musket manufactured in the late 18th and early 19th centuries in the United States.
The Model 1795 was the first musket to be produced in the United States by Eli Whitney at both the Springfield and Harpers Ferry U.S. armories. It was based heavily on the Charleville Model 1763/66 which had been imported in large numbers from the French during the American Revolution and which at the time comprised the largest number of muskets in U.S. arsenals at about 20,000 muskets. The Model 1795 was used in the War of 1812, after which shortcomings in both the design and manufacturing process of the Model 1795 led to the development of the Springfield Model 1812 at Springfield only, and eventually the Springfield Model 1816 at both armories.
Characteristics
The Model 1795, a very elongated musket, retained many of the characteristics of the Charleville on which it was based. It had a long .69 caliber barrel, a stock, and a total length of . The original version had the bayonet lug on the bottom of the barrel but this was later moved to the top. Minor changes were made throughout production inclusive of a shorter barrel length of on the later Harpers Ferry weapons. Barrels of Harpers Ferry Model 1795s were serial numbered up to some point in 1812: Model 1795's were never serial numbered. Springfield began the Model 1812 improvements in 1814, but Harpers Ferry continued on with the production of the Model 1795 until at least 1819 (early 1819 examples still used the Model 1795 lockplate) and never produced the Model 1812. Eventually, both armories incorporated improvements into the Model 1816 flintlock which were after a few years virtually identical. Most, but not all, parts will interchange on the Model 1816 muskets but the hand-crafted parts, and lack of set standards and patterns on the earlier Model 1795 weapons often means parts will not interchange easily.
Typical of smoothbore muskets, the Model 1795 had an effective range of about to . The Model 1795 fired a smaller round than the British .75 caliber Brown Bess, but the Model 1795 also had both a slightly longer range and slightly better accuracy than the Brown Bess musket. This gave the American forces an advantage of range when they faced British forces in the War of 1812.
Production
The Model 1795 was manufactured at the United States Armory and Arsenal at Springfield, which was the first armory in the United States, at least as early as 1799. Earlier versions prior to this date probably were produced but were not dated. Starting in 1801, possibly as early as 1800, it was also produced in the then new United States Armory and Arsenal at Harpers Ferry.
Several differences between the Springfield Model 1795 and the Harpers Ferry Model 1795 have led many to label the Harpers Ferry version as a significantly different model. Quite a few independent contractors also made the weapon as they were in constant demand. The federal armories simply could not make enough muskets to meet demand with the labor force they had during these early years. Only about two dozen artisans worked in the Harpers Ferry arsenal around 1800, and making the muskets from raw materials was a very labor-intensive task. Approximately 80,000 Springfield Model 1795 muskets were produced while about 70,000 were produced at Harpers Ferry.
Service history
Model 1795s were used throughout the War of 1812, the Mexican–American War of 1846–48, and the American Civil War of 1861–65. Most were converted to percussion caps either at the armories or by private individuals, but records reflect that many in the South were issued an original flintlock at the beginning of the Civil War until the Confederates could convert them to percussion. There is some evidence that some were in fact never converted at all from flintlock. The effective service life of the Model 1795 thus extends through 1865.
The Model 1795 was also used by some members of the Lewis and Clark expedition.
See also
Springfield musket
References
External links
Springfield firearms
Muskets
American Civil War weapons
Weapons of the Confederate States of America
In experimental physics, researchers have proposed non-extensive self-consistent thermodynamic theory to describe phenomena observed in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). This theory investigates a fireball for high-energy particle collisions, while using Tsallis non-extensive thermodynamics. Fireballs lead to the bootstrap idea, or self-consistency principle, just as in the Boltzmann statistics used by Rolf Hagedorn. Assuming the distribution function gets variations, due to possible symmetrical change, Abdel Nasser Tawfik applied the non-extensive concepts of high-energy particle production.
The motivation to use the non-extensive statistics from Tsallis comes from the results obtained by Bediaga et al. They showed that with the substitution of the Boltzmann factor in Hagedorn's theory by the q-exponential function, it was possible to recover good agreement between calculation and experiment, even at energies as high as those achieved at the LHC, with q>1.
Non-extensive entropy for ideal quantum gas
The starting point of the theory is entropy for a non-extensive quantum gas of bosons and fermions, as proposed by Conroy, Miller and Plastino, which is given by where is the non-extended version of the Fermi–Dirac entropy and is the non-extended version of the Bose–Einstein entropy.
That group and also Clemens and Worku, the entropy just defined leads to occupation number formulas that reduce to Bediaga's. C. Beck, shows the power-like tails present in the distributions found in high energy physics experiments.
Non-extensive partition function for ideal quantum gas
Using the entropy defined above, the partition function results are
Since experiments have shown that , this restriction is adopted.
Another way to write the non-extensive partition function for a fireball is
where is the density of states of the fireballs.
Self-consistency principle
Self-consistency implies that both forms of partition functions must be asymptotically equivalent and that the mass spectrum and the density of states must be related to each other by
,
in the limit of sufficiently large.
The self-consistency can be asymptotically achieved by choosing
and
where is a constant and . Here, are arbitrary constants. For the two expressions above approach the corresponding expressions in Hagedorn's theory.
Main results
With the mass spectrum and density of states given above, the asymptotic form of the partition function is
where
with
One immediate consequence of the expression for the partition function is the existence of a limiting temperature . This result is equivalent to Hagedorn's result. With these results, it is expected that at sufficiently high energy, the fireball presents a constant temperature and constant entropic factor.
The connection between Hagedorn's theory and Tsallis statistics has been established through the concept of thermofractals, where it is shown that non extensivity can emerge from a fractal structure. This result is interesting because Hagedorn's definition of fireball characterizes it as a fractal.
Experimental evidence
Experimental evidence of the existence of a limiting temperature and of a limiting entropic index can be found in J. Cleymans and collaborators, and by I. Sena and A. Deppman.
See also
Self-consistency principle in high energy physics
References
Experimental particle physics
Nuclear physics
Principles
Casey Clark (born July 13, 1990) is an American rugby league footballer for the Philadelphia Fight in the USA Rugby League and previously with the Jacksonville Axemen and the Helensburgh Tigers in Australia. They have also played rugby union with the Missoula Maggots and spent some time in New Zealand and with the USA Rugby 7s. In 2013 they won the national title with Philadelphia Fight, beating their past team Jacksonville Axemen in the final, and was named Most Valuable Player.  They are a USA international, and in 2015 helped the team qualify for the 2017 Rugby League World Cup.
References
American rugby league players
American rugby union players
Philadelphia Fight players
Jacksonville Axemen players
United States national rugby league team players
Living people
1990 births
Sportspeople from Olympia, Washington
Rugby league second-rows
Delapril (INN, also known as alindapril) is an ACE inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug in some European and Asian countries but not in America. It is taken orally, available in 15 mg and 30 mg tablets.
Mechanism
Delapril is a prodrug; it is converted into two active metabolites, 5-hydroxy delapril diacid and delapril diacid. These metabolites bind completely to and inhibit angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), hence blocking angiotensin I to angiotensin II conversion. The resulting vasodilation prevents the vasoconstrictive effects of angiotensin II. Angiotensin II-induced aldosterone secretion by the adrenal cortex is also decreased by Delapril, leading to increases in excretion of sodium and therefore increases water outflow.
References
2-Aminoindanes
ACE inhibitors
Acetic acids
Enantiopure drugs
Ethyl esters
Prodrugs
Propionamides
Gnorismoneura calyptrimorpha is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 16 mm for males and 17 mm for females. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with brownish suffusions and dots. The spots along the costa are brownish grey. The markings are grey brown with darker parts and ochreous disperse scales. The hindwings are pale grey cream.
Etymology
The specific epithet refers to the shape of the sitting moth and is derived from Greek calyptra (meaning a cover) and morphe (meaning shape).
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Biała Pierwsza is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 940.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The 1860 Northern Division by-election was a by-election held on 23 May in the electorate in Auckland during the 2nd New Zealand Parliament.
The by-election was caused by the resignation of the incumbent, Thomas Henderson.
Henderson was the only nomination for the by-election, so was declared (re)elected unopposed. They had resigned because they were not able to go down the Assembly Session in Wellington, which was summoned for 3 May, as their partner Mr Macfarlane was absent and was not expected back by that date. So they had resigned as they wanted Auckland to be "fully represented". But the Assembly was postponed and their business partner had returned. They were "requested to resume their seat" and had consented.
References
By-elections in New Zealand
1860 elections in New Zealand
May 1860 events
Politics of the Auckland Region
1860s in Auckland
Nine Mile Creek Regional Trail is a , mixed-use path in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. It is maintained by the Three Rivers Park District. The trail features 8 separate boardwalks in that traverse Nine Mile Creek and its marshes. It is predicted to serve 400,000 people yearly.
Route
The trail begins in Hopkins at the Cedar Lake LRT Regional Trail and the Minnesota River Bluffs Regional Trail. It continues south through Hopkins and crosses the creek several times. It briefly ends at US 169 and detours on local streets. It resumes again in Edina and goes over several boardwalks. It passes through Walnut Ridge Park and soon after into Bredesen Park. It crosses MN 62 on a long bridge. It crosses behind two local schools, including the Edina High School and passes over another boardwalk. It makes its way to a newly constructed roundabout at Tracy Avenue and turns south. On the longest boardwalk of the trail, it passes just east of Heights Park, and parallels the Xcel Energy powerlines and the Canadian Pacific Railway. It passes under 70th Street, and weaves through an office area. It then crosses a local road and MN 100 on a bridge. It parallels MN 100 and eventually goes east into the decommissioned Fred Richards Golf Course. It passes north of Centennial Lakes Park and into Adams Hill Park. It briefly turns south and then parallels 77th Street. It turns south eventually and turns east to cross I-35W at 76th Street. It continues east on this road and terminates at 12th Avenue.
History
The trail was mostly constructed from 2000-2014 In Richfield and Bloomington, with most of the trail being on-road. The original trail was . In Edina, the trail was much harder to construct due to right-of-way issues and physical barriers such as roads and the creek itself. Construction required 19 easements and collaboration with Minnesota Department of Transportation and the city. The boardwalks were made in Oregon farms and there is over of material. Roads had to be narrowed to fit the trail without encroaching any private property, and a small stretch of the trail was sandwiched in between a freeway on-ramp and private property with less than to spare. The entire trail was built over the 100-year floodplain, including boardwalks and bridges. Also, two bridges, over MN 100 and MN 62 were built at and , respectively. The entire trail was finished and opened on June 3, 2018.
See also
Bicycle commuting
Three Rivers Park District
Southwest LRT Trail
References
External links
[http://www.threeriversparks.org/trails/minnesota-river-bluffs-trail.aspx Minnesota River Bluffs Trail
Rail trails in Minnesota
Parks in Minnesota
Transportation in Carver County, Minnesota
Transportation in Hennepin County, Minnesota
Slobodka () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 22 as of 2002.
Geography
Slobodka is located 24 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Shevelevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Jani Beg (, ), also known as Djanibek Khan, was a Khan of the Golden Horde from 1342 to 1357, succeeding their father Öz Beg Khan.
Reign
With the support of their mother Taydula Khatun, Jani Beg made themselves khan after eliminating their older brother and rival Tini Beg at Saray-Jük in 1342; they had already killed another ambitious brother, Khiḍr Beg.  They are known to have actively interfered in the affairs of Rus principalities and of Lithuania. The Grand Princes of Moscow, Simeon Gordiy and Ivan II were under constant political and military pressure from Jani Beg.
Jani Beg commanded a massive Crimean Tatar force that attacked the Crimean port city of Kaffa in 1343. The siege was lifted by an Italian relief force in February. In 1345 Jani Beg again besieged Kaffa; however, their assault was again unsuccessful due to an outbreak of the Black Plague among their troops. Jani Beg's army catapulted infected corpses into Kaffa in an attempt to use the Black Death to weaken the defenders. Infected Genoese sailors subsequently sailed from Kaffa to Genoa, Messina, and Constantinople, introducing the Black Death into Europe. The story involving the catapult has been disputed. It is originally based on Gabriel de Mussis of Piacenza in Italy who wrote about the plague in 1348. It is more likely that rats carrying plague infested fleas went from camp to city and thereby infected the Genoese.
In 1356 Jani Beg conducted a military campaign in Azerbaijan and conquered the city of Tabriz, installing their own governor. They also asserted Jochid dominance over the Chagatai Khanate, attempting to unite the three khanates of the Mongol Empire. After accepting surrender from Shaikh Uvais, Jani Beg boasted that three uluses (districts/nations) of the Mongol Empire were under their control. Soon after this, they faced an uprising in Tabriz resulting in the rise to power of the Jalayirid Dynasty, an offshoot of Ilkhanate, and ultimately in the death of the Khan.
Muscovy's Chudov Monastery, founded at about the time of Jani Beg's fall by Metropolitan Aleksii and Sergei of Radonezh, was built on land that according to legend was granted to Aleksii by the Khan as thanks for the miraculous curing of their mother Taydula by the former.
The reign of Jani Beg was marked by the first signs of the feudal strife which would eventually contribute to the demise of the Golden Horde. Jani Beg's assassination in 1357 opened a quarter-century of political turmoil within the Golden Horde. Twenty-five khans succeeded each other between 1357 and 1378.
Family
Jani Beg had a number of sons, only one of whom, Berdi Beg, reigned after them but who proceeded to eliminate their brothers. Two or three more khans appear to have claimed to be Jani Beg's sons and are sometimes treated as such by modern scholars.
Berdi Beg (r. 1357–1359)
(pretended?) Qulpa (r. 1359–1360)
(pretended?) Nawruz Beg (r. 1360)
(pretended?) Kildi Beg (r. 1361-1362)
a daughter, Shakar Beg, married Aq Sufi Qongirat, the prince of the Sufi dynasty of Khwarezm. Their daughter Khanzada Begum later married into the Timurid dynasty.
Genealogy
Genghis Khan
Jochi
Batu Khan
Toqoqan
Mengu-Timur
Toghrilcha
Uzbeg Khan
Jani Beg
Popular culture
The 2012 Russian film The Horde is set during the reign of Jani Beg and is a highly fictionalised narrative of how Aleksii healed Taidula from blindness.
See also
List of Khans of the Golden Horde
References
Bibliography
Buell, P. D., Historical Dictionary of the Mongol World Empire Oxford, 2003.
Gaev, A. G., "Genealogija i hronologija Džučidov," Numizmatičeskij sbornik 3 (2002) 9-55.
Horrox, R., The Black Death
David Morgan, The Mongols
Počekaev, R. J., Cari ordynskie: Biografii hanov i pravitelej Zolotoj Ordy. Saint Petersburg, 2010.
1357 deaths
Khans of the Golden Horde
Murdered royalty
14th-century monarchs in Europe
Year of birth unknown
Mongol Empire Muslims
The 2017–18 Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball team represented the University of Mississippi in the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season, their 108th basketball season. They were coached by Andy Kennedy for the first 27 games of the season before they left the position on February 19, 2018. The Rebels named assistant coach Tony Madlock interim head coach for the remainder of the season. The Rebels played their second full season in The Pavilion at Ole Miss in Oxford, Mississippi as members of the Southeastern Conference. They finished the season 12–20, 5–13 in SEC play to finish in last place. They lost in the first round of the SEC Tournament to South Carolina.
On February 12, 2018, 12th-year head coach Andy Kennedy, the school's all-time winningest head coach, and the school mutually agreed to part ways following the end of the season. However, on February 19, Kennedy announced that they would depart immediately, with assistant Madlock taking over on an interim basis. On March 15, 2018, it was announced that Ole Miss had hired Middle Tennessee head coach Kermit Davis as head coach of the Rebels.
Previous season
The Rebels finished the 2016–17 season 22–14, 10–8 in SEC play to finish in a three-way tie for fifth place. They defeated Missouri in the second round of the SEC Tournament before losing in the quarterfinals to Arkansas. They were invited to the National Invitation Tournament where they defeated Monmouth and Syracuse before losing in the quarterfinals to Georgia Tech.
Offseason
Coaching changes
On April 24, 2017 Ole Miss announced the hiring of former Rebel basketball player Rahim Lockhart as an assistant coach on the Rebel basketball team. On May 8, 2017 Ole Miss assistant coach Bill Armstrong left the Rebels to take the same position at Louisiana State University.
Departures
2017 recruiting class
2018 recruiting class
Preseason
Roster
Schedule and results
On June 27, 2017 Mississippi announced its 2017–18 non-conference schedule, highlighted by opponents such as Virginia Tech, Middle Tennessee, Illinois State, and Texas. The Rebels will also face Utah and Rice in the MGM Resorts Main Event.
|-
!colspan=12 style=|Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=|Regular Season
|-
!colspan=12 style="background:#; color:white;"| SEC Tournament
See also
•2018 Ole Miss Rebels football team
•2018 Ole Miss Rebels baseball team
•2017-18 Ole Miss Rebels women's basketball team
References
Ole Miss
Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball seasons
Ole Miss Rebels basketball
Ole Miss Rebels basketball
History of Barda includes the history of the Azerbaijani city of Barda from the medieval period to the present day.
In ancient written sources, Barda is mentioned in different ways: Partav, Bakura (in the works of Claudius Ptolemy), Parda, Berda ("Kitabi Dede Gorgud"), Harum (in the poem "Iskender-Name" by Nizami Ganjavi), Firuzabad (in the works of Hamdallah Kazwini), etc.
The city was first mentioned in written sources dating back to the 5th century. Azerbaijani historian Mirza Jamal Javanshir Karabaghi in their work "History of Karabakh" notes that Barda was the first city founded on the territory of Karabakh.
For the first time the city was studied by the Azerbaijani writer of the XX century Abdurahim-bek Ahverdiev.
Medieval period
According to the Albanian historian Moisey Kalankatuisky, the city was founded during the reign of the Albanian king Vache II (459-484).
Barda flourished in the IV-V centuries. Starting from 552, Barda had been a religious center of Caucasian Albania.
In the first half of the XVII century, Barda became a battleground of the Arab-Khazar wars. In 628, the city was captured by the Khazars. Attacks of Sasanian feudal lords on Barda in 639 were repelled by the Albanian king Javanshir. During the reign of the Caliph Uthman (644-656), Barda was taken by the Arabs. In 752, the city became the capital of the Arran region.
In 748–752, anti-Arab protests took place in Barda.
Parts of the city that were destroyed during the Arab-Khazar wars were restored during the reign of Caliph Muawiyah (VII century). There were fortress walls built around the city. The city itself was divided into two parts: the central part – Shahristan and the craft center - Rabat with caravanserais and merchant quarters. In the VIII-IX centuries, the famous al-Kurkiy Bazaar was located here. According to the Arab authors al-Muqaddasi and al-Istakhri, the city's population was about 100 thousand people.
With the collapse of the Caliphate and the emergence of feudal independent states on the territory of Azerbaijan, Barda became a part of the Sajid state and the Salarid state until the end of the 10th century.
In 944, the detachments of Prince Igor of Kiev attacked and captured Barda - the "Mother of Arran". However, the resistance of the local population and infectious diseases forced the Slavs to leave the city.
In 982, Barda was taken by the Shirvanshahs.
In the XII century, the city was ravaged by the Mongols. According to the Arab historian Yagut al-Hamawi (1179-1229), the city was heavily destroyed.
Early modern period
In the XV century, Barda was attacked by the army of Emir Timur. In 1736, the city was sacked by Nader Shah.
Barda became a part of the Karabakh khanate as a small settlement, the population of which did not exceed 200-300 people.
Contemporary period
To suppress the Karabakh uprising that broke out in the summer of 1920, a number of Azerbaijani cities-Barda, Terter, Aghdam, Khankendi, and Shusha were shelled and captured by Bolshevik forces.
The first machine-tractor stations (MTS) in the Azerbaijan SSR appeared in Barda and Goranboy.
In 1990, Barda became a haven for residents of Aghdam, Keldbajar, Lachin, and later Khojaly who lost their native lands in the First Karabakh war.
On March 24, 2006, President Ilham Aliyev issued an order "On additional measures to accelerate the socio-economic development of Agdam, Barda and Terter districts".
On October 8, 2020, the territory of Barda was shelled by the Armenian armed forces from the Tochka-U tactical missile system.
On October 28, 2020, Barda was subjected to repeated shelling by the Armenian armed forces from prohibited cluster shells. As a result, 21 civilians were killed and more than 70 wounded.
Sightseeing places
Bathhouse in the village of Shirvanli (XII century);
mausoleum "Allah-Allah" (XIV century);
Akhsadan Baba crypts (XIV century);
tower mausoleum of Ahmad Nakhchivani (1322 year);
Juma mosque (1324);
Medieval domed mausoleum in Garagoyunlu;
mausoleum in the village of Guloglular (18th-century);
tomb of Bahman Mirza (1880);
Imamzadeh mausoleum-mosque with four minarets (XVII-XIX centuries):
Ugurbeyli Mosque;
remains of two bridges on the Terterchay river.
See also
Barda
References
History of Barda, Azerbaijan
Capitals of former nations
Alamode may refer to
Alamode, A 17th century silk material, used in England and France
Alamode, Missouri
Alamode Island
à la mode
À la mode (EP)
The 1997 FIA GT Helsinki 3 Hours was the third race of the 1997 FIA GT Championship season. It was run at a temporary street circuit in Helsinki, Finland on May 25, 1997, jointly with the Formula 3000.
Due to the upcoming of the LeMans 24 hours race, many teams opted not to participate in this event. This included the factory Porsche, Lotus and Chrysler squads.
Official results
Class winners in bold. Cars failing to complete 75% of winner's distance marked as Not Classified (NC).
Statistics
Pole Position – #8 BMW Motorsport – 1:26.097
Fastest Lap – #11 AMG-Mercedes – 1:27.901
Distance – 359.341 km
Average Speed – 119.420 km/h
External links
World Sports Prototype Racing – Race Results
H
Helsinki 3 Hours
FIA GT 1997
The Gyres were a Scottish indie rock band formed in 1994 in Blantyre near Glasgow, just before the Britpop explosion.
Career
The Gyres played numerous gigs in the United Kingdom, Europe and Japan, supporting and touring with Cast, Oasis, Reef, Echobelly, Bon Jovi, and David Bowie. The band enjoyed limited success, and eventually disbanded after walking away from their independent record label, Sugar Records, whose funding had dried up. The remaining members renamed themselves Point Blank, and released an album called 50/50 at the start of the 2000s, then disbanded not long after the release of the album.
Several members are still involved in the music industry to some degree. Paul McLinden is now performing as solo artist 'Mr D', and was previously in the band Koba.
Line-up
Andy McLinden – vocals
Paul McLinden – guitar
Peter Lyons – lead guitar
Mark McGill – bass
Paddy Flaherty – drums
Michael 'The Gimp' McVey - Tour Manager
Yunis Lombard - Fluffer
Discography
Albums
First (1997)
Singles
Scottish indie rock groups
Britpop groups
Boca Juniors Football Club is a Grenadian football club from The Bocas neighborhood of St. George's, Grenada. The club plays in the Grenada Premier Division.
References
Boca Juniors
Donnie Owens (aka Donald Lee Owens) (October 30, 1932 – October 27, 1994) was an American singer, guitarist, producer, and composer. Their hit song “Need You” peaked at #25 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1958. Owens worked extensively with artist/songwriter/producer Lee Hazlewood and worked as an executive producer for LHI Records. They were a session musician and played the rhythm guitar for Duane Eddy, Nancy Sinatra, Elvis Presley and many others. In 1994, Owens was accidentally shot to death by their girlfriend.
Early life
Owens was born on October 30, 1932, in Chester, Pennsylvania to parents John Easley Owens and Nellie Mae Brigman Owens. After high school they joined the United States Air Force and became an Airman First Class. They served in the Korean War.
When fellow Korean War veteran Lee Hazlewood moved to Arizona, Owens helped them get a job as a disc jockey at KCKY, a small country station in Coolidge, Arizona. This was the beginning of a working relationship which spanned decades.
Singer/songwriter
Owens recorded several singles on the Guyden Records label (a subsidiary of the Philadelphia-based Jamie Records label), each featuring Duane Eddy on guitar.
Their first release was in 1958 when they recorded songwriter Buddy Wheeler's song “Need You” at Loy Clingman's Viv Recording Studio in Phoenix, Arizona. “Need You” peaked at #25 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts and stayed on the charts for 15 weeks In 2012, “Need You” was named by the Phoenix New Times as one of the 100 songs which define Arizona.
Their second release, “Tomorrow” was also written by Buddy Wheeler. The back-up vocals were provided by the Ben Denton Singers. “Tomorrow” charted in the Top 30 in Phoenix and was play listed in Chicago and Boston. It reached #89 on the Cashbox Top 100 Singles chart, but never charted in Billboard.
In 1958, Owens and the Ben Denton singers released the EP Out of My Heart in Sweden on the London Records label. This album included Owens' songs “Need You” and “Tomorrow” as well as “Out of My Heart” and “If I'm Wrong.”
Their third Guyden song “Ask Me Anything,” was released in May 1959. It made the Top 30 in Phoenix, Arizona, but failed to chart nationally.
To promote their albums, Owens made appearance on numerous radio and TV shows. On November 2, 1958, Owens was featured on the Len Graham Record Hop and on January 14, 1959, they performed on Dick Clark's American Bandstand.
Owens also had releases on other record labels. In 1961 they recorded the single “Stormy (Came to Town)” (written by Lee Hazlewood) with B-side “What A Dream!” for Trey Records. The single was released in the US and Canada. “Stormy (Came To Town)” received airplay in Vancouver and peaked at #7. Vancouver was the only record market where the song charted. The same year Owens also released the promo single “No Love Lost”/'I Forgot About You” on Project Records. Both songs were written by Norma and Connie Conway and produced by Lee Hazlewood.
In 1966, Owens wrote and released the single “Heart Attack” with B-side “Loneliness of Hurt” (written by Jimmy Gray) on the Ramco label. Owens and Floyd Ramsey produced both sides. The same year, they released the single “My World” (written by Owens and Waylon Jennings) with B-side “Soldier's Last Letter” (written by Ernest Tubb and Sgt. Henry Stewart) on the ARA label. Both sides were produced by Owens and Waylon Jennings.
In 1967, they wrote and recorded the single, “Climbin' the Walls,” which was the A-side to their cover of the song "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'” which was written by Lee Hazlewood and previously recorded by Nancy Sinatra. Owens and Waylon Jennings produced both sides.
Donnie Owens wrote songs for a number of other recording artists, including Budd the Spudd and the Sprouts, Virgil Warner, Johnny Wakely, Ray Sharpe, Sanford Clark and Mac Wiseman.
Guitarist
Owens played the rhythm guitar and was a Rebel in Duane Eddy`s band, Duane Eddy & The Rebels. They recorded with Eddy on their albums Have 'Twangy' Guitar Will Travel (Jamie Records, 1958), The “Twangs” The “Thang” (Jamie Records, 1959), Duane Eddy With Guests Donnie Owens and Neil Sedaka ( Reo Records, 1959), and Duane A Go Go Go (Colpix Records, 1965). Many of these recordings were later included in compilation albums produced by Rhino Records, Bear Family Records, Hoodoo Records, EMI Records, Sundazed Records, Fervor Records, Light in the Attic Records, and others. In 2001, Duane Eddy, Donnie Owens, and Sanford Clark were featured in a compilation album called The Twang Gang released by Jamie Records (CAT#4017).
In 1966, they played guitar for Nancy Sinatra's album, Sugar (Reprise Records) and their work was included in the 1986 compilation album Nancy Sinatra Featuring Lee Hazlewood and Frank Sinatra (Rhino Records). Owens also performed with Nancy Sinatra at the Riviera Hotel in Las Vegas.
Owens played guitar on several Lee Hazlewood albums, including The N.S.V.I.P.'s (Not...So...Very...Important...People) (Reprise Records, 1965), Love and Other Crimes (Reprise Records, 1968), Requiem for an Almost Lady (Viking, 1971), and their Cowboy in Sweden soundtrack (LHI Records, 1970).
In 1968 Owens was a guitarist on the Elvis Presley RCA Records release “Speedway,” the original motion picture soundtrack for the MGM motion picture of the same name.
They performed for almost five years as Donnie Owens and the 4 Jacks at Harry's Capri Lounge in Phoenix, Arizona.
Producer
In 1966, Owens was hired as executive producer of the Country & Western music division of LHI Records and produced albums for artists such as Barney Carl, Virgil Warner, Linda Owens, Honey Ltd., Suzi Jane Hokom, Buddy Long, Sanford Clark, Lee Hazlewood, Ann-Margret, Danny Michaels, Jimmie Lee Morris, and Joe Cannon. They also worked as a producer for other record labels such as Ramco, Bell Records, ARA Records.
In 1970, Owens worked as a producer for Lee Hazlewood's documentary A Cowboy in Sweden and was an associate producer for its soundtrack.
Death
On October 27, 1994, Owens was accidentally killed at the Palms Motel in Phoenix, Arizona. Their girlfriend, the manager of the hotel, was trying to scare off a man who was threatening Owens, but instead, accidentally shot Owens in the stomach. They were taken to the hospital where they died of their injuries. They were interred at National Memorial Cemetery of Arizona in Phoenix.
TV song placements
Their song "Climbin' the Walls" is played on the Showtime series, Shameless (season 7, episode 4). Their song "Heart Attack" is played on the USA Network's show Colony (season 3, episode 7) and ABC's The Astronaut Wives Club (season 1, episode 6). Their song "Useless" is played on the Epix series Graves (season 1, episode 7).
References
External links
1932 births
1994 deaths
Burials in Arizona
Deaths by firearm in Arizona
Firearm accident victims in the United States
People from Chester, Pennsylvania
American male singer-songwriters
American male guitarists
20th-century American guitarists
20th-century American singers
20th-century American male singers
United States Air Force personnel of the Korean War
United States Air Force airmen
Accidental deaths in Arizona
American singer-songwriters
John Tweed (21 January 1869 – 12 November 1933) was a Scottish sculptor.
Early life
John Tweed was born at 16 Great Portland Street, Glasgow and studied at the Glasgow School of Art. They then trained with Hamo Thornycroft in London, and attended the Royal Academy Schools at the same time. Together, they created the frieze on the Institute of Chartered Accountants' building in London. In 1893 they moved to Paris with the hope of studying with Auguste Rodin; this proved impossible as Rodin would only accept pupils who would spend four years under their supervision.
Personal life
In 1895, they married Edith Clinton, secretary to the National Society for Women's Suffrage, the first national group in the UK to campaign for women's right to vote. Also in 1895, they moved into 108 Cheyne Walk, Chelsea, London, and Tweed lived there until their death in 1933 aged 64.
Legacy
The first major exhibition of Tweed's work since 1934 ran from March to September 2013 at the Sir John Madejski Art Gallery, Reading Museum, Reading, England. The Victoria and Albert Museum have called them the "British Rodin".
References
1869 births
1933 deaths
19th-century British sculptors
20th-century British sculptors
19th-century Scottish artists
20th-century Scottish artists
Alumni of the Glasgow School of Art
Artists from Glasgow
Scottish male sculptors
19th-century Scottish male artists
20th-century Scottish male artists
Shau Kei Wan Terminus () is a tram stop and one of the seven termini of Hong Kong Tramways, a double-decker tram system. Located in Shau Kei Wan, it is the system's easternmost terminus, and one of its two termini in the Eastern District on Hong Kong Island. Shau Kei Wan station of the MTR Island line is near this stop and is accessible via exit C.
History
When the tram system opened in 1904, the Shau Kei Wan Terminal was located at the current junction of Shau Kei Wan Road and Chai Wan Road. It was moved to the current site after the extension of the tram line in 1929.
Routes
Shau Kei Wan ↔ Happy Valley
Shau Kei Wan ↔ Western Market
Shau Kei Wan ↔ Kennedy Town
References
Hong Kong Tramways stops
Dynoides globicauda is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
globicauda
In statistics, the folded-t and half-t distributions are derived from Student's t-distribution by taking the absolute values of variates. This is analogous to the folded-normal and the half-normal statistical distributions being derived from the normal distribution.
Definitions
The folded non-standardized t distribution is the distribution of the absolute value of the non-standardized t distribution with degrees of freedom; its probability density function is given by:
.
The half-t distribution results as the special case of , and the standardized version as the special case of .
If , the folded-t distribution reduces to the special case of the half-t distribution. Its probability density function then simplifies to
.
The half-t distribution's first two moments (expectation and variance) are given by:
,
and
.
Relation to other distributions
Folded-t and half-t generalize the folded normal and half-normal distributions by allowing for finite degrees-of-freedom (the normal analogues constitute the limiting cases of infinite degrees-of-freedom). Since the Cauchy distribution constitutes the special case of a Student-t distribution with one degree of freedom, the families of folded and half-t distributions include the folded Cauchy distribution and half-Cauchy distributions for .
See also
Folded normal distribution
Half-normal distribution
Modified half-normal distribution
Half-logistic distribution
References
Further reading
External links
Functions to evaluate half-t distributions are available in several R packages, e.g. .
Continuous distributions
"" ("The moonlit evening"), WAB 200, is a lied composed by Anton Bruckner in for Aloisia Bogner.
History
Der Mondabend, WAB 200, is a lied in A major which Bruckner composed during their stay in St. Florian for their piano pupil Aloisia Bogner in . The 16-year old Aloisia Bogner, alias Louise or Luise Bogner, was the older daughter of Michael Bogner, by whom Bruckner had their living accommodation. Bruckner composed for them also the Frühlingslied and the piano works Lancier-Quadrille, WAB 120, and Steiermärker, WAB 122.
The manuscript of the lied is part of the workbook , which also contains transcriptions of Friedrich Silcher's Ännchen von Tharau, from Anton Emil Titl's opera , and Franz Wilhelm Abt's waltz .
The workbook, which was in the legacy of Aloisia Bogner, was acquired in 1957 by the in Upper Austria. A facsimile of the workbook has been issued in the Oberösterreichische Schriften zur Volksmusik in 2015.
The premiere recording of the lied is by on 23 June 2015.
Text
Bruckner's song is based on the poem Der Mondabend by :
Rein und freundlich lacht der Himmel nieder auf die dunkle Erde,
Tausend goldne Augen blinken lieblich in die Brust der Menschen,
Und des Mondes lichte Scheibe segelt heiter durch die Bläue.
Auf den goldnen Strahlen zittern süßer Wehmut Silbertropfen,
Dringen sanft mit leisem Hauche in das stille Herz voll Liebe,
Und befeuchten mir das Auge mit der Sehnsucht zartem Thaue.
Funkelnd prangt der Stern des Abends in den lichtbesäten Räumen,
Spielt mit seinen Demantblitzen durch der Lichte Duftgewebe,
Und viel holde Engelsknaben streuen Lilien um die Sterne.
Schön und hehr ist wohl der Himmel in des Abends Wunderglanze,
Aber meines Lebens Sterne wohnen in dem kleinsten Kreise:
In das Auge meiner Sylli sind sie alle hingezaubert.
The heavens laugh down pure and friendly upon the dark earth,
A Thousand golden eyes shine lovingly into the breast of men,
And the bright disk of the moon sails merrily through the blue.
Silvery drops of sweet wistfulness tremble upon the golden rays,
Press gently with soft sighing full of love into the quiet heart,
And moisten my eyes with tender dew of longing.
The evening star shines sparkling in the light-sown space,
Plays with its diamond flashes through the fragrant web of light,
And many gentle angel youths strew lilies about the stars.
The heavens are fair and noble in the wondrous glow of evening,
But the stars of my life abide in the smallest circle:
They have all been enchanted into the eyes of my Sylli.
Music
The 13-bar long lied in A major in is scored for solo voice and piano.
A reminiscence – in the same key (A major), meter () and first four notes – of Schubert's Der Mondabend, a lied which Aloisia Bogner liked very much.<ref>The two lieder are compared in Böck liest Bruckner I.</ref>
Discography
There are two recording of "Der Mondabend":
Robert Holzer (bass), (piano), Anton Bruckner: Lieder, Chöre, Magnificat – CD: Gramola 99071, 2015; a reissue of CD LIVA 046 Anton Bruckner Lieder/Magnificat (2011), with, as an addition, the premiere recording of Der Mondabend. NB: Transposed to E major.
Elisabeth Wimmer (soprano), Daniel Linton-France (piano), Bruckner, Anton – Böck liest Bruckner I – CD: Gramola 99195, 3 October 2018 – first and third strophes in Schubert's setting, second and fourth in Bruckner's setting.
References
Sources
Lieder für Luise Bogner. Eine Volksliedersammlung Anton Bruckners, Oberösterreichische Schriften zur Volksmusik, Band 16, Klaus Petermayr (Ed.), Anton Bruckner Institut Linz, 2015
Uwe Harten, Anton Bruckner. Ein Handbuch. , Salzburg, 1996. .
Cornelis van Zwol, Anton Bruckner 1824–1896 – Leven en werken'', uitg. Thoth, Bussum, Netherlands, 2012.
External links
Der Mondabend A Dur – WAB 200 – Critical discography by Hans Roelofs
Der Mondabend, lieder.net
Lieder by Anton Bruckner
1850 compositions
Compositions in A major
Music dedicated to family or friends
The Catholic Church in El Salvador is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome and the Episcopal Conference of El Salvador. There are almost 5 million Catholics in El Salvador. The country is divided into eight dioceses including one archdiocese, San Salvador. The Constitution explicitly recognizes the Catholic Church and it has legal status.
Despite its legal status, Catholicism in El Salvador has been in decline for the last 17 years with the most devout members above age 53. According to some sources, Catholicism is only adhered to by 39% of its populace. However, the religion remains a majority in all age groups, although it is a slim majority among the young. Catholicism is most dominant in the San Vicente Department and weakest in Santa Ana. In the fall of 2018, El Salvador had its first saint, Blessed Oscar Romero.
History and society
Catholicism began in the nation in the sixteenth century with the invasion of Pedro de Alvarado. San Salvador was made an archdiocese on February 11, 1913 with Monsignor Antonio Adolfo Perez as first Archbishop. Prior to that date it had been under the jurisdiction of Guatemala. Archbishop Luis Chávez y González from 1939 to 1977 encouraged priests to study farming cooperatives and made efforts toward improving the poorest sectors of El Salvador (although in other respects they were a conservative who favored film censorship, staunchly opposed Communism, and was devoted to Pope Pius XII).
The governments have had a mixed relationship with the Catholic Church varying from friendly to anti-clerical. The most overtly Catholic-influenced political party might be the Partido Demócrata Cristiano with José Napoleón Duarte as one of its most noted founding members. The dealings of the government with the Catholic Church or Catholic organizations varied depending on the leadership of church or state at any given time. In modern times El Salvador is noted for having members linked to social and reform movements. At times these include followers of what's termed Liberation theology. The most well-known figure in the El Salvadoran church's history is Archbishop of San Salvador Óscar Romero. On March 24, 1980, during the civil war in El Salvador they were assassinated while saying Mass because of their positions regarding the government and demands to the end of the violence in the nation. In 2004 the Church in El Salvador asked for a reinvestigation of the case. A federal judge trying a conspiracy count against a former Salvadoran military officer termed Romero's killing "a crime against humanity."
Despite that, most of the church in El Salvador is more conservative than this and had no sympathy to the rebels during the civil war. Fernando Sáenz Lacalle, originally of Opus Dei, is the current Archbishop of San Salvador.  They are in general an opponent of Liberation theology and their appointment in 1995 was viewed with disdain by followers of that school of thought. They have been active in charitable work for earthquake victims and outspoken against violence.
El Salvador's first and only Cardinal, Gregorio Rosa Chavez (who is under 80 and therefore still a potential cardinal-elector should a conclave occur), who is- unlike the usual case for Cardinals serving in dioceses or archdioceses- an Auxiliary Bishop to the Archbishop of San Salvador Jose Luis Escobar Alas, was appointed by Pope Francis.
Churches of El Salvador
Statistics
Culture and festivals
A variety of saint days are celebrated as local holidays. The country itself is called "El Salvador" which translates as "The Savior" and takes the Transfigured Jesus, the Divine Savior of the World, as its patron saint, and Their Feast Day on August 6 is a national holiday. The nation's co-patroness is Our Lady of Peace.
A noted Catholic school is the Jesuit Externado San José whose alumni include ex-president Armando Calderón Sol and Roque Dalton, a Communist poet. A prominent seminary is San José de la Montaña in San Salvador where both Romero and liberation theologian Rutilio Grande studied.
Notes
See also
List of Central American and Caribbean Saints
External links
Catholic Encyclopedia on San Salvador (dated from 1911)
Catholic hierarchy.org on El Salvador
El Salvador
The 1989 Paris–Tours was the 83rd edition of the Paris–Tours cycle race and was held on 8 October 1989. The race started in Chaville and finished in Tours. The race was won by Jelle Nijdam of the Superconfex team.
General classification
References
1989 in French sport
1989
1989 UCI Road World Cup
1989 in road cycling
October 1989 sports events in Europe
Morteza Yazdi () was an Iranian surgeon and communist politician.
Early life and education
Yazdi was born into a senior clerical family in 1907 in Yazd. Their father was a senior cleric who contributed to the Persian Constitutional Revolution. Following death of their father, Ebrahim Hakimi served as their foster father. They studied medicine at Berlin University, and was associated with Taqi Arani during their presence in Berlin. Following their return to Iran, they became involved with the Communist Party of Persia and subsequently was arrested as one of "The Fifty-Three".
Career
Yazdi was among co-founders of the Tudeh Party of Iran in 1941. Then they became a member of the party's central council, and belonged to the party's moderate faction.
They ran for a Tehran seat in the 1944 parliamentary election to no avail, garnering 4,719 out of some 41,000 votes (about 11.5%).
Yazdi was named as the health minister in the Coalition government of Ahmad Qavam in 1946.
In 1949, they were sentenced to 5 years of imprisonment after the party was banned.
In 1954, they were arrested again, and they were sentenced to death for their activities; however, their punishment was reduced to imprisonment. After their release, they were no longer active within the party though they remained on friendly terms with them as late as 1979.
References
1907 births
Central Committee of the Tudeh Party of Iran members
Communist Party of Persia politicians
Iranian prisoners and detainees
Place of death missing
Year of death missing
Iranian expatriates in Germany
People from Yazd
Carrie Brown (1834 – April 24, 1891) was a New York City prostitute who was murdered and mutilated in a lodging house.  They are occasionally mentioned as an alleged victim of Jack the Ripper. Although known to use numerous aliases, a common practice in their occupation, they supposedly won their nickname of Shakespeare for their habit of quoting William Shakespeare during drinking games. They have often been referred to as Old Shakespeare in later news articles and books and contemporaneous newspapers.
Murder
The badly mutilated body of Brown, a longtime Bowery prostitute, was found in a room in a squalid lodging house known as the East River Hotel on April 24, 1891. Newspapers were quick to report the murder as proof of the alleged arrival in America of Jack the Ripper, whose murders of prostitutes in London's Whitechapel district were well known during the time. News of the possibility that Jack the Ripper had arrived in New York City posed a challenge to NYPD Chief Inspector Thomas Byrnes, who had criticized Scotland Yard for its inability to capture Jack the Ripper.
As the murder of Brown was soon becoming one of the most publicized in the city's history, pressure was on Byrnes to solve the murder as quickly as possible, and an Algerian named Ameer Ben Ali (who also went by "Frenchy" or "Frenchy No. 1") was arrested for the murder soon after. However, evidence against Ben Ali was largely circumstantial and based primarily on the claim that unidentified bloodstains had been found leading from the room where Brown was killed into the room they were staying in. Reporters who had been at the scene of the crime said that no such bloodstains were actually there. Due to testimony from doctors who made claims that could not be supported by medical tests at the time, Ben Ali was tried and convicted of second degree murder and sentenced to life imprisonment, despite their claims of innocence.
However, a group of reformers pointed out instances of police misconduct in the investigation and evidence to support Ben Ali's innocence. The group was able to prove the NYPD had made no attempt to find the missing key to the locked room or the unidentified man who witnesses claimed they had last been seen with the night before.
Years later it was claimed that a man in a New Jersey farm had found the missing key to Room 31 and a bloody shirt in a bureau drawer of a room they had rented out to a man who had disappeared shortly after the murder. Faced with this testimony, coupled with the longstanding belief of many for years that Ben Ali had been set up and the fact that Byrnes had been removed from office for corruption, Ben Ali was released after serving 11 years and left for their native Algeria shortly afterwards.
A photograph of Ameer Ben Ali was located by researcher Nina Brown and published in the June 2020 edition of Ripperologist Magazine( Issue # 167 )
A photograph of George G. Damon was found by researcher Howard Brown and presented on CarrieBrown.Net.
in March, 2022.
Damon was the New Jersey business person who resisted turning in the key to Room 31 left by an employee at their home in Cranford (NJ ) for a decade before being advised by John R. Lee, Paterson contractor, to turn it in to the proper authorities. This, along with the influence of the French Consulate and several affidavits provided by reporters who had been at the hotel immediately following Brown's murder, led to the eventual release of Ameer Ben Ali, who was not pardoned but rather deported to France in April 1902.
A photograph of Mr. Lee is available on CarrieBrown.Net and was located by Nina Brown in March 2022.
No substantial evidence has proven that Jack the Ripper was responsible and the case remains unsolved. It has been stated by writer Philip Sugden that if the murder was committed by Jack the Ripper, one possible culprit could be George Chapman, a Ripper suspect who moved from London to the US around this time, although recent research suggests that they only moved to the US after this murder. Another possibility suggested by writer James Tully is James Kelly, a Ripper suspect who murdered their wife by slashing their throat and was committed to Broadmoor Insane Asylum, which they escaped from just prior to the Ripper murders. They may have traveled to New York after the Ripper murders in London stopped.
In popular culture
The death of Brown and the murder's supposed ties to Jack the Ripper were used in writer Heather Graham's Sacred Evil.
The protagonist of Takers Mads, an Audible Original by Luke Jerod Kummer, is an aspiring author who investigates the Brown murder.
The murder of Carrie Brown is featured in the historic novel NYC JACK the Ripper by author Ted Lampron.
References
Asbury, Herbert. The Gangs of New York. New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1927.
Brown, Howard & Nina. East River Echo - Newsletter of CarrieBrown.Net carriebrown.net
Sifakis, Carl. The Encyclopedia of American Crime. New York: Facts on File Inc., 2005.
Conway, J. North. The Big Policeman''. Lyons Press, Guilford, Connecticut, 2010.
Dekle, George R. The East River Ripper : The Mysterious 1891 Murder of Old Shakespeare. Kent State University Press, 2021. ISBN 978-1-60635-426-1
1834 births
1891 deaths
American murder victims
People from New York City
People murdered in New York City
American prostitutes
Jack the Ripper
Sex workers murdered in the United States
1891 murders in the United States
History of women in New York City
Women in New York City
19th-century American women
1891 in New York City
Compsobuthus werneri is a species of scorpion in the family Buthidae.
References
Buthidae
Articles created by Qbugbot
Animals described in 1908
Oommen (, ) is a name used by Syrian Christians (Nasranis) of India, especially in Kerala, the Southwestern state of India.
The name Oommen is a local variant of the Syriac name 'Thoma' ().
According to Syrian Christian history, Mar Thoma (St. Thomas), the Apostle of Christ established the Christian Church in India. The Eastern Church followed Syriac liturgical traditions and uses both Indian and Syriac names.
Notable persons
Oommen Chandy (born 1943), Indian politician
Oommen Mathew (1939–2013), Indian politician
Indian masculine given names
Madison Dearborn Partners (MDP) is an American private equity firm specializing in leveraged buyouts of privately held or publicly traded companies, or divisions of larger companies; recapitalizations of family-owned or closely held companies; balance sheet restructurings; acquisition financings; and growth capital investments in mature companies. MDP operates using an industry-focused investment approach and focuses on the following sectors: basic industries, business and government software and services, financial & transaction services, health care, and TMT services. Since the founders established MDP as an independent firm in 1992, the firm has raised seven funds with aggregate capital of approximately $23 billion, and has completed investments in more than 130 companies.
History
Madison Dearborn Partners was founded in 1992 and is based in Chicago, Illinois. The founders, John A Canning Jr, Paul J. Finnegan, Samuel M. Mencoff, and Nicholas W. Alexos, had previously made private equity investments for First Chicago Bank. The north-east corner of First Chicago's then-headquarters was at the intersection of Madison and Dearborn Streets.
Madison Dearborn's chairperson, John Canning, Jr., is also a minority owner of the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team and submitted an ultimately unsuccessful bid to buy the Chicago Cubs
Investments
In 1998, the firm bought Reiman Publications, based in Greendale, Wisconsin, from Roy Reiman for $640 million. In 2002, the firm sold Reiman Publications to Reader's Digest Association.
In 2007, the firm joined with Michael Eisner's Tornante investment company to buy out baseball card maker The Topps Company.
Madison Dearborn completed leveraged buyout transactions for a number of publicly traded and other significant companies in 2006 and 2007 including:
Asurion
CDW
LA Fitness
Nuveen investments; in 2014, a plan for MDP to sell Nuveen to TIAA-CREF for $6.25 billion was announced; while the Wall Street Journal cited an anonymous source close to the transaction to the effect that MDP "will have broken even on the transaction", Felix Salmon queried that assertion at Reuters; Dan Primack at Fortune then published additional information about auxiliary benefits to MDP to buttress the break-even claim.
Sorenson Communications
Univision Communications
VWR International
Yankee Candle
Bell Canada
On June 30, 2007, Bell Canada Enterprises (BCE) announced that the company entered into a definitive agreement for BCE to be acquired pursuant to a plan of arrangement by an investor group led by Teachers Private Capital, the private investment arm of the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan, Providence Equity Partners Inc. and Madison Dearborn Partners. The all-cash transaction was valued at C$51.7billion (US$48.5 billion), including C$16.9 billion (US$15.9 billion) of debt, preferred equity and minority interests. The arrangement was approved on September 21, 2007, at a special meeting of shareholders by more than 97% of the votes cast by holders of common and preferred shares, voting as a single class.
Investment funds
MDP invests through a series of private limited partnerships and its investors include a variety of pension funds, endowments and other institutional investors:
Sources:
Selected portfolio
References
External links
Financial services companies established in 1992
Investment banking private equity groups
Private equity firms of the United States
Companies based in Chicago
The Sugargliders were an indie pop band from Melbourne, Australia, comprising brothers Josh and Joel Meadows and a changing lineup of other players. Between February 1989 and June 1994 they played more than 90 live shows in Australia and the UK and released ten singles and one compilation album. After disbanding The Sugargliders the Meadows brothers re-emerged in The Steinbecks.
History
Josh Meadows was 19 years old and their brother Joel was 16 when they first started playing gigs in Melbourne pubs under the name The Sugargliders. The brothers were fans of Billy Bragg, The Housemartins, The Smiths, Aztec Camera, Lloyd Cole and Orange Juice, and these influences were evident in their guitar-based pop. Their early songs featured simple arrangements, with only sparse drum or drum machine backing and lyrics that dealt with political subjects as often as they did with unrequited love.
The Sugargliders got their start playing support for Melbourne bands Captain Cocoa, Ripe and the Fish John West Reject. They developed a devoted following through regular live performances, a constantly evolving set of original material and the support of Melbourne independent radio stations and street press. The band's sound developed with the addition of Marc Fulker on drums (in 1991–1992) and Robert Cooper on bass (1992–1994).
The band became known for its unique blend of sparse, melodic pop and lyrics that were described as "disarmingly naïve" and "like eavesdropping on another's secrets". Steve L Burt wrote that "The last person to comment so incisively, and with such a sense of having been hurt, on boy-girl stuff may have been the early Elvis Costello; but where they always blamed their ex-girlfriends, the Sugargliders always blame themselves".
They released three singles for hip Melbourne label Summershine Records in 1990 and 1991 and one for UK's Marineville before finding a home at legendary Bristol pop stable Sarah Records in 1992.
The Sugargliders toured England in late 1992, playing shows with Sarah Records label mates Boyracer, Heavenly, Blueboy, Brighter and others. While in London they recorded their seventh and most well-known single "Ahprahran", a melancholy lament about inner Melbourne suburb Prahran, with producer Ian Catt.
Back in Australia, The Sugargliders' live line-up often included Robert Cooper (bass), Adam Dennis (trumpet, guitar) and Bianca Lew (drums). This was to become the first line-up of the Meadows brothers' next band, The Steinbecks.
Tired of being pigeonholed as acoustic pop, the brothers decided to end the band in mid-1994. Music press interviews reveal some of the thinking behind the decision. "The Sugargliders were developing into something which involved a whole lot more people," Joel told Cameron Adams from Beat in November 1994. "We had a choice of trying to change The Sugargliders or make a clean break and start something new.".
The band was quiescent for nearly two decades until Melbourne label Popboomerang convinced Josh and Joel that it was time to make the best Sugargliders material available widely again. The brothers curated a retrospective album "Nest with a view 1990-1994", complete with extensive liner notes. The album was released in 2012 through Popboomerang in Australia and Matinée Records in the USA. No future performances by The Sugargliders are planned, however a launch event featured short sets from artists associated with the band, with each artist performing one cover of a Sugargliders song.
Discography
Singles
1990 - "Sway" (Shine 004)
1991 - "Furlough/Give Me Some Confidence" (Shine 007)
1991 - "Butterfly soup" (Shine 012)
1991 - "Another Faux Pas In The Cathedral Of Love" (Marine 3)
1992 - "Letter From A Lifeboat" (Sarah 63)
1992 - "Seventeen" (Sarah 67)
1993 - "Ahprahran" (Sarah 72)
1993 - "Will We Ever Learn?" (Sarah 83)
1993 - "Trumpet Play" (Sarah 77)
1993 - "Top 40 Sculpture" (Sarah 86)
Compilations
1994 - "We're All Trying To Get There" (Sarah 619)
2012 - "A Nest With A View 1990-1994" (Popboomerang PB085)
References
External links
The Sugargliders
The Steinbecks
Australian indie pop groups
Musical groups established in 1989
Musical groups disestablished in 1994
Sinia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae first described by Walter Forster in 1940. The species of this genus are found in the far eastern Palearctic realm.
Species
Sinia leechi (Forster, 1940) China
The shijimiaeoides species group
Sinia divina (Fixsen, 1887) Korea, Japan, Amur Oblast, Ussuri This largest species of the present group is above almost spotted like Scolitantides orion; the underside is more sparsely spotted than in S. orion, but the spots of the forewing beneath are so heavy that they are almost united into a band.
Sinia lanty (Oberthür, 1886) Tibet, western China
S. l. honei (Forster, 1940) Batang, Tibet
S. l. pomena Huang, 1998 western Tibet, southeast Tibet
References
External links
Polyommatini
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Walter Forster (entomologist)
West Side National Park is a national park covering the western half of Andros, the Bahamas, and the surrounding waters. The park was established in 2002 and, after being expanded in 2012, has an area of , being one of the largest protected areas in the region. The park is regarded as a marine protected area, which includes tidal creeks and coastal mangrove forest, as well as an expansive coastal zone.
Flora and fauna
Inland, the park contains areas of Caribbean pine, which provide habitat for atala butterflies. The mangrove areas include red, white and black mangroves, and buttonwood. The park provides an important feeding area for the West Indian flamingo. The Andros rock iguana is found on land, along with the Bahamian boa constrictor, Cuban twig anole, Bahama brown anole, Bahama green anole, blue-tail lizard, curly-tailed lizard, and Cuban tree frog. Hawksbill and green sea turtles are found throughout the park, and loggerhead turtles inhabit the northern part of the park. Conch, lobster, bonefish, Atlantic tarpon, the nurse shark, the bull shark and the smalltooth sawfish are found in the coastal waters.
References
National parks of the Bahamas
Andros, Bahamas
Koray Kırcı (born 17 August 1998) is a Turkish tennis player.
Kırcı has a career high ATP singles ranking of 868 achieved on 30 July 2018. They also have a career high ATP doubles ranking of 855 achieved on 29 October 2018.
Kırcı made their ATP main draw debut at the 2018 Antalya Open in the doubles draw partnering Ergi Kırkın.
External links
1998 births
Living people
Turkish male tennis players
20th-century Turkish people
21st-century Turkish people
The yellowfin surgeonfish or Cuvier's surgeonfish (Acanthurus xanthopterus) is one of several marine fish that change color as they get older. This characteristic confused fish identification, and originally put the young and adults in different species. With the arrival of aquaria and later, coral reef aquaculture, specialists noticed the color transformation. Only recently have zoologists begun to understand their metamorphosis.
Description
The yellowfin surgeonfish ranges in length to . It has eight or 9 dorsal spines, 25-27 dorsal soft rays, three anal spines, 23-25 anal soft rays, and 16-24 anterior and 17-22 posterior gill rakers.
Its body is purplish gray. It has a region of dull yellow in front of its eye. The outer third of its pectoral fin is yellow, the extreme distal part is hyaline. Its dorsal and anal fins are yellowish grey basally and dull yellow distally. Its caudal fin is purplish and the caudal spine is small.
Range and habitat
It lives near coral reefs at depths ranging from . Its preferred temperatures are 24–28 °C (75–82 °F) at latitudes of 30°N to 30°S. It ranges from East Africa to the Hawaiian Islands and French Polynesia, north to southern Japan, south to the Great Barrier Reef, and New Caledonia, and in the Eastern Pacific, from the lower Gulf of California and Clipperton Island to Panama and the Galapagos Islands.
Juveniles inhabit shallow, protected, turbid inshore waters, while adults prefer deeper areas of protected bays and lagoons.
Feeding
It feeds on diatoms, detritus film of sand, filamentous algae, hydroids, and pieces of fish. It is probably the only surgeonfish that readily takes bait.
References
External links
http://filaman.ifm-geomar.de/summary/SpeciesSummary.php?id=1261
http://www.zanclus.it/mysql/immagini/acanthuridae.php
Acanthurus
Fish of Hawaii
Taxa named by Achille Valenciennes
Fish described in 1835
Crossfire was an Australian jazz-fusion band active from 1974 to 1991, which recorded five studio albums. The primary composers of the group were founding members Jim Kelly (guitars) and Michael Kenny (keyboards, piano). Other members of Crossfire included Ian Bloxsom (percussion, glockenspiel), Greg Lyon and Phil Scorgie (electric bass), Don Reid and Tony Buchanan (saxophones, flute), John Proud, Doug Gallacher, Steve Hopes, and Mark Riley (drums).
History
Crossfire was a jazz-fusion band formed in Sydney in 1974 with a line-up of Ian Bloxsom on percussion, Tony Buchanan on saxophone, Steve Hopes on drums, Jim Kelly on guitar, Michael Kenny on piano and Greg Lyon on bass guitar. Bloxsom, Kelly and Kenny had been band mates in Southern Contemporary Rock Assembly. The ensemble issued a self-titled debut album late in 1975, with a line-up of Bloxsom; Kelly; Kenny on keyboards and trumpet; Lyon on bass guitar and vocals; John Proud on drums and Don Reid on reeds. Rock Australia Magazines Felicity Surtees found that the group had "gone past the stage of being just a creative outlet and has become a major part of their lives." Lyon described their style, "what we play is contemporary music. We're influenced by everyone really... It allows everyone to be creative."
Crossfire were the first Australian artists to use direct-to-disc recording for their aptly titled second album, ''Direct to Disc, in late 1978. It was produced and engineered by Alan Thorne and issued by Trafalgar Records/RCA. For the album, the line-up was Bloxsom; Kenny on Wurlitzer piano and flugelhorn; Lyon; Kelly on guitar; and Don Reid on saxophones and flute; joined by Doug Gallacher on drums. Michael Foster of the Canberra Times felt "their music displays many moods — playful and joyous, eerie and sombre — always sensitive, reflecting the influences and experiences of each player." They emphasised "the effect gained by the horns, which seem to hang suspended a lot of the time against a backdrop of the instruments which normally carry rhythm, and the percussion group. The rhythm and percussion instruments often, as is the way since bop, step outside their roles as custodians of time and measure, and establish their own rights to individual actions."
The group's third album, East of Where (1980), was issued on WEA and was co-produced by Kelly, Kenny and Martin Benge. All the tracks were written by Kelly or Kenny. For this album Bloxsom, Buchanan, Hopes, Kelly and Kenny were joined by Phil Scorgie bass guitar. Foster found there was "more humour in this album than in the previous one. The music is of the same genre, but there is a certain wryness in the approach to its work, by one of Australia's most exciting bands." Although "there are times when it gets a little heavy, but generally the music lifts and soars, and is fun to listen to."
Crossfire were the backing band for the American jazz singer Michael Franks on an Australian tour, which provided a live album, Michael Franks with Crossfire Live (1980). They were also the backing band for American jazz guitarist Lee Ritenour during their 1981 Australian tour. Lee was impressed when Michael Franks had played Lee their tapes of their live album back in L.A. In late 1982 they issued their fourth studio album, Hysterical Rochords, again with Kelly, Kenny and Benge co-producing. The line-up was Bloxsom, Buchanan, Hope, Kelly, Kenny and Scorgie. The Canberra Times W. L. Hoffman noticed that "there are six tunes, all of them interesting and, again, all of them written by [Kelly or Kenny]." Hoffman praised the title track, "it is a neatly structured, very bluesy piece, with Ton Buchanan's saxophone threading through the tune, bringing it all together" while "the sounds continue on the second side, smooth, singing music as it is characteristic of Crossfire."
During 1982 Crossfire undertook an international tour through India, Holland, England and the United States. The group's performance at the Montreux Jazz Festival on 16 July 1982 was recorded. It was released as their second live album, Live at Montreux (July 1983). The ensemble were Bloxsom on percussion and mallets, Buchanan on saxophones and shakers, Kelly, Kenny, Lyon and Mark Riley on drums. Eric Myers declared, in the July–August edition of Jazz magazine, that the gig showed the group "playing original music that is an outgrowth of our own culture, can take their place on the international stage with the best of them ... a great moment for Crossfire and a high point for Australian music." The group disbanded later that year. Their performance at the Basement in Sydney was broadcast on ABC radio's The Burrows Collection for the episode, "Ten Years On – The Basement" in August 1984. The gig had included guest vocals from Erana Clark and Barry Leaf.
Crossfire reunited briefly in 1991 and issued another album, Tension Release; with the line-up of Bloxsom, Buchanan, Hopes, Kelly, Kenny and Lyon. In July that year they promoted its release with a series of gigs in Sydney. They also did a backing band for the Randy Brecker tour at that time
Discography
Studio albums
Live albums
References
General
Note: Archived [on-line] copy has limited functionality.
Specific
Australian jazz ensembles
Jazz fusion ensembles
Dar Kola () may refer to:
Dar Kola, Amol
Dar Kola, Nur
Charlie Wabo is a Papua New Guinean professional rugby league footballer who played as a for the Newcastle Thunder in Kingstone Press League 1.  They are a Papua New Guinea international.
Wabo is from the Okapa District of the Eastern Highlands Province of Papua New Guinea.
In August 2008, Wabo was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup and in October they were named in the final PNG squad.
Wabo was named in the interchange in each of PNG's three games in the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
In 2009 Wabo moved to England to play for Hunslet Hawks in Championship One.
Wabo was named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup. They were used as an impact sub playing hooker to great effect. Their trademark solid tackling and flamboyant play ensured, along with David Mead, they were one of the crowd favourites for the PNG Kumuls during the Pacific Cup.
They played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament. In 2011 they returned to play in Papua New Guinea. In 2013 they played in the Rugby League World Cup for Papua New Guinea.
In 2014 they played hooker for the Kroton Hela Wigmen and helped the Wigmen win its first premiership after defeating heavily favoured Agmark Rabaul Gurias in Lae. In 2019 they were appointed Assistance Coach for the Hela Wigmen. While appreciating their presence in the team the head coach praised them and said:
When 2020 Digicel Cup competition season was about to begin, they were appointed as the Head Coach for Kroton Hela Wigmen. During their first year tenure as Head Coach, they successfully delivered another trophy for the Wigmen after their team defeated the Lae Snax Tigers in the grand final in front of sold-out crowd at the National Football Stadium. To add on to their achievement, they were awarded the Coach of the Year award by the PNGRL.
References
1984 births
Living people
Expatriate rugby league players in England
Hunslet R.L.F.C. players
Mendi Muruks players
Newcastle Thunder players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Papua New Guinean expatriate rugby league players
Papua New Guinean expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Rugby league hookers
Wierzchowiska Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
Firuzi () may refer to:
Firuzi, Abadeh, Fars Province
Firuzi, Bavanat, Fars Province
Firuzi, Khorrambid, Fars Province
Firuzi, Marvdasht, Fars Province
Firuzi, Shiraz, Fars Province
Firuzi, Razavi Khorasan
Daphne arisanensis is a shrub, of the family Thymelaeaceae. It is native to Taiwan, specifically Yushan.
Description
The shrub is evergreen, and grows from 2.0 to 3.0 meters tall. Its branches are grayish and slender. The plant bears orange fruits. It is often found in forests at an altitude of around 3000 meters.
References
arisanensis
Taxa named by Bunzō Hayata
Florian Morizot (born 10 May 1985 in Dijon) is a French former road cyclist, who competed professionally between 2006 and 2010.
Major results
2004
1st Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2nd Chrono Champenois
2005
1st Overall Circuit des Ardennes
1st Points classification
1st Stage 3 (ITT)
3rd Time trial, National Under-23 Road Championships
2006
National Under-23 Road Championships
1st Road race
2nd Time trial
5th Chrono Champenois
2007
1st Grand Prix Cristal Energie
2008
1st Paris–Mantes-en-Yvelines
3rd Overall Tour du Poitou Charentes
1st Stage 4 (ITT)
8th Duo Normand
10th Chrono des Nations
2009
5th Chrono des Nations
5th Chrono Champenois
2010
3rd Overall Circuit des Ardennes
References
1985 births
Living people
French male cyclists
Sportspeople from Dijon
Cyclists from Bourgogne-Franche-Comté
Sanna Ejaz () or Sana Ijaz, is a journalist and human rights activist from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.  They are a leading member of the Pashtun Tahafuz Movement (PTM), as well as a founding member of the Waak Movement, which aims to bring political awareness among Pashtun women. They focus on advocacy to promote women's role in peacebuilding, reconciliation, and social activism. They were formerly the vice-president of the youth wing of Awami National Party (ANP).
Career and social activism
Sanna worked as an anchor and host at the state-owned Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV) for two and a half years. However, they were fired from their job on 9 May 2018 because of their activism at PTM. In late 2018, they also lost their job at a nongovernmental advocacy organization, Shirkat Gah. Regarding their association with PTM, they said: "I was not doing anything wrong by supporting a peaceful demand for justice, for constitutional rights, and for peace. I will not back down."
On 9 February 2020, just before PTM's public gathering in Loralai, Balochistan to mark the first death anniversary of Arman Loni, security forces arrested Sanna Ejaz, Wranga Loni, Arfa Siddiq, and other female PTM activists as they were on their way to the gathering site. The security forces released them, however, when political activists gathered outside the police station to protest for them.
See also
Gulalai Ismail
Bushra Gohar
References
External links
"The Year of Shrinking Freedoms", article by Rabia Mehmood, South Asia Regional Researcher, Amnesty International, 13 December 2018.
Living people
Pakistani human rights activists
Pakistani humanists
People from Peshawar
Pashtun people
Pashtun women
University of Peshawar alumni
Plymouth State University alumni
Pashtun Tahafuz Movement politicians
Awami National Party politicians
Pakistani prisoners and detainees
Pakistani feminists
Women television journalists
Pakistani women journalists
Pakistani television newsreaders and news presenters
Pakistani television talk show hosts
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is the discography of the Dutch record producer and DJ Fedde Le Grand.
Albums
Studio albums
Singles
As lead artist
Non-charted singles
Free tracks
2012: Freaky (with Nicky Romero)
2012: Slacking (with Nicky Romero feat. MC Gee)
2018: The Gaming Beat (feat. Kris Kiss)
2018: You Lift Me Up
2018: Scream Out Loud
Remixes
2004: Anita Kelsey - "Every Kiss"
2005: Funkerman and Raf - "Rule The Night"
2005: Erick E - "Boogie Down"
2005: Funkerman - "The One"
2006: Camille Jones - "The Creeps"
2006: Erick E Feat. Gina J - "Boogie Down"
2006: Freeform Five - "No More Conversations"
2006: Olav Basoski Feat. Mc Spyder - "Like Dis"
2006: Erick E - "The Beat Is Rockin'"
2006: Sharam - "Party All The Time" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2007: Ida Corr - "Let Me Think About It"
2007: The Factory - "Couldn't Love You More" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2007: Robbie Williams - "King Of Bongo"
2007: Samim - "Heater"
2008: Martin Solveig - "C'est La Vie" (Fedde vs. Martin Club Mix)
2008: Madonna - "Give It 2 Me"
2008: Stereo MCs - "Black Gold"
2010: Benny Benassi featuring Kelis, apl.de.ap, and Jean Baptiste - "Spaceship"
2010: Everything But The Girl - "Missing"
2011: David Guetta featuring Taio Cruz and Ludacris - "Little Bad Girl" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2011: Coldplay - "Paradise" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
Rage Against The Machine - "Killing In the Name" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2012: Digitalism - "Zdarlight" (Fedde Le Grand and Deniz Koyu Remix)
2013: Timeflies - "I Choose U" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2013: Nikki Williams - "Glowing" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2014: Shakira featuring Rihanna - "Can't Remember To Forget You" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2014: Mariah Carey - "You're Mine" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2014: Michael Jackson - "Love Never Felt So Good" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2014: Mary Lambert - "Secrets" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2014: Naughty Boy featuring Sam Romans - "Home" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2014: Nicky Romero and Vicetone - "Let Me Feel" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2015: Madonna - "Bitch I'm Madonna" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2015: Faithless - "Insomnia" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2018: The Chainsmokers - "Side Effects" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2019: Loud Luxury and Anders - "Love No More" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2019: Matoma featuring MNEK and Kiana Ledé - "Bruised Not Broken" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2019: Charlie Puth - "Mother" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2020: Josh Cumbee - "Worth Missing" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
2021: Sigala and Rita Ora - "You for Me" (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
References
Discographies of Dutch artists
Electronic music discographies
House music discographies
Parliamentary elections were held in Cyprus on 5 September 1976. The elections were contested by two alliances; one consisting of the Democratic Front (DIKO), the Progressive Party of Working People (AKEL) and the Movement for Social Democracy (EDEK) and one consisting of the Democratic National Party (DEK) and Democratic Rally (DISY).
The DIKO–AKEL–EDEK alliance received just over 70% of the vote and won 34 of the 35 seats, with the remaining seat going to an independent. Within the alliance, DIKO took 21 seats, AKEL nine and EDEK four. Voter turnout was 85.3%.
Results
References
1976 in Cyprus
Cyprus
Legislative elections in Cyprus
September 1976 events in Europe
The CZW World Heavyweight Championship is a professional wrestling world heavyweight championship owned and copyrighted by the Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) promotion. The championship was created and debuted on March 27, 1999 at CZW's The Staple Gun event. The first time the championship changed hands on foreign soil was on April 15, 2001, when Wifebeater defeated John Zandig for the championship in Birmingham, England at a live event.
Title reigns are determined by professionally wrestling matches, usually of the hardcore/ultraviolent type. All title changes happen at live events, which are usually released on DVD. The inaugural champion was Nick Gage, whom CZW recognized to have become the champion after defeating twenty other men in a battle royal on March 27, 1999 at CZW's The Staple Gun event. As of , Zandig holds the record for most reigns, with six. At 567 days, Drake Younger's only reign is the longest in the title's history. The championship is currently vacant due to Joe Gacy signing with WWE.
Title history
Combined reigns
As of , .
References
General
Specific
External links
CZW World Heavyweight Title History at Cagematch.net
Combat Zone Wrestling championships
CZW World Heavyweight Championship
Dumisani Msibi (born 1 May 1995) is a South African footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for University of Pretoria and has represented South Africa.
Club career
SuperSport United
Msibi joined SuperSport United after trialling for the club in a tournament in which they were awarded the goalkeeper of the tournament accolade. In August 2015, Msibi extended their contract with SuperSport United for 4 years. However, 2 years later, after not playing for SuperSport United, the club allowed Msibi to leave to search for regular football, as Ronwen Williams, Reyaad Pieterse, and Boalefa Pule were picked ahead of him.
Loan to Cape Town All Stars
Msibi was loaned to Cape Town All Stars for the 2016–17 season. During the season they played 10 games, being the back-up keeper for Ludwe Mpakumpaku.
Witbank Spurs
After their release from SuperSport United, Msibi joined National First Division club Witbank Spurs.
Royal Eagles
In August 2018, Msibi joined Royal Eagles.
Real Kings
In January 2019, Msibi joined Real Kings, together with Zama Dlamini, to provide goalkeeping experience.
University of Pretoria
After a spell at Richards Bay, Msibi moved to University of Pretoria in January 2020.
International career
Msibi made their debut for the South African senior team on 30 November 2014 in a 2–0 victory over the Ivory Coast, when they were subbed on for the last 9 minutes and received a yellow card for time wasting.
They were selected in South Africa's preliminary squad for the 2016 CHAN qualifier against Angola on 17 October 2015.
Personal life
While playing football professionally, Msibi also studied sport management at Tshwane University of Technology.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Mkhondo Local Municipality
South African soccer players
Association football goalkeepers
SuperSport United F.C. players
Witbank Spurs F.C. players
Royal Eagles F.C. players
Real Kings F.C. players
Richards Bay F.C. players
University of Pretoria F.C. players
South African Premier Division players
National First Division players
The SAM-A-19 Plato was an anti-ballistic missile project developed by the United States Army in the mid 1950s. By modern standards, it would be considered a theatre ballistic missile (TBM) defense system (TBMD), providing protection to the Army field units from Warsaw Bloc short and medium-range weapons.
The Army had first considered anti-ballistic missiles as early as 1946, in order to protect against attack by V-2 missiles and similar weapons. This work, Project Thumper and Project Wizard, was handed off to the US Air Force when that command was created in 1948. Delays and changes of mission for Wizard led to the Army re-considering their own needs, and started the Plato study in 1952. Sylvania won a development contract in 1956, and the proposed missile was assigned the designation SAM-A-19.
When rapid deployment of theatre weapons during the late 1950s placed the Army at risk, Plato was still nowhere near ready for deployment. Plato was canceled in February 1959 in favor of modifications to the Hawk and Hercules anti-aircraft missiles to provide some level of protection while a much more capable system, FABMDS, was developed. FABMDS was in turn canceled due to mobility concerns, and replaced by SAM-D, today's Patriot.
History
Early work
As part of a sweeping review of post-war requirements, on 20 June 1945 the Army Ground Forces Equipment review listed the requirement for "High velocity guided missiles… capable of… destroying missiles of the V-2 type, should be developed at the earliest practicable date." In July of that year, the US Army Signal Corps started basic research into two radar systems for ABM use. In January 1946 the Commanding General of the Army Ground Forces (AGF) established a requirement for a study program on the V-2 problem. In early February, the Joint Committee on New Weapons and Equipment, the "Stillwell Board" run by Joseph Stilwell, restated the antimissile requirement in its report on a Proposed National Program for Guided Missiles. By 1 April Secretary of War Robert P. Patterson had signed off on the program, and at the end of May the Stilwell Board published a requirement for an antimissile with a 100,000-yard range.
In March 1946 the Air Forces started Project Thumper (also known as MX-795) to consider the problem of defending against ballistic missiles like the V-2, using the "collision intercept" method. General Electric won the contract for Thumper, which is the first known ABM effort. Thumper was followed in April by a similar contract awarded to the Michigan Aeronautical Research Center (MARC) under the name Project Wizard (MX-794). A funding crisis in 1947 caused both projects to see reduced interest, and in the summer they were turned into long-term studies, with General Electric receiving $500,000 a year and the MARC $1,000,000 a year.
The Army Air Force and Ordnance Department had earlier split up programs based on whether they were "airplane like" or "rocket like", but Thumper and Wizard broke this rule and were developed under the AAF. Both projects moved to the Air Force when that force was created out of the Army Air Force in 1948. The Air Force cancelled Thumper in 1949, citing the overlap with the more advanced Wizard, and re-directed remaining funds to their GAPA anti-aircraft project. Wizard continued largely as a technology study with no actual hardware development.
Project Plato
Throughout this period the Army remained concerned about ballistic missile attack, as well as the need for some form of defensive system. In an 8 February 1950 memo to the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Army admitted that "the was no guided missile or other device in sight for protection against enemy supersonic guided missiles" and that the problem was "the extreme technical difficult in meeting or overtaking a missile travelling at supersonic speed.". In light of this, an existing Signal Corp radar project and other development was defunded.
The Army continued to press for such a system and launched numerous research projects to develop working solutions. In addition to the radar work at the Signal Corps, in 1950 they started a study to see if the Bomarc missile might fill the role. Initial specifications for a mobile "Anti-Missile Missile" system for defense against ballistic missile attack were defined in 1951; This was followed by a September 1952 contract with the Aerophysics Development Corporation of Curtiss-Wright to study the overall system, and a November 1952 contract with the Signal Corps to once again consider the radar problem.
On 20 October 1952 when an Army G-4 meeting reiterated the need for such a system and initiated Project Plato to coordinate the various studies. When the Aerophysics report was returned on 15 May 1953 it gave them further impetus to research the radar systems, considered to the real problem, and sent out another contract to Bendix Aircraft in June 1953 to consider this. Their report returned in 1955 with the conclusion that the radar was possible.
Studies by Sylvania Electric Products in 1953 and the Cornell Aeronautical Laboratory in 1954 led to the conclusion, in May 1956, that such a project was feasible; Sylvania's design for the XSAM-A-19 missile was selected for development in September 1956. The XSAM-A-19 was expected to reach speeds of up to Mach 8; the issues with hypersonic control and thermodynamics were a major part of the project studies.
The project was partially announced to the public in February 1958, with it being announced that "Plato" was a mobile system that would use the Nike Zeus missile; in February 1959, before construction had begun on the prototype SAM-A-19 missiles, the project was canceled; the Nike Hercules surface-to-air missile would be adopted as an interim ABM. , the official histories of Project Plato were still classified.
Cancellation
As the Plato missile was designed to fly at speeds of Mach 6 to 8, a relatively unknown area, most of the Plato work after 1956 was concerned with aerodynamic and thermodynamic studies. Plato studies continued until February 1959, when very little progress had been made. Reports early that year demonstrated a rapid buildup of short- and medium-range missiles and rockets in the Warsaw Pact forces. Although first identified as a threat over a decade earlier, it took considerable time for the expected problem to actually evolve. In spite of this long delay the Army was nowhere near ready to deploy the Plato system.
In something of a panic, the Army canceled Plato in favor of upgrades to the existing Hawk and Hercules missiles. This would be a stop-gap measure only, a true solution to the TBM problem was still needed.
FABMDS
Despite the cancellation of Plato, the requirement for a definitive ABM system remained, and the Army started the Field Army Ballistic Missile Defense System project in September 1959. Studies of FABMDS were run through May 1960, and proposals for the project, which was defined as being fully mobile and capable of undertaking four simultaneous intercepts with a 95% probability of kill (PK); in September 1961, General Electric's submission was judged the best of the proposals.
The proposed FABMDS was a large, solid-fueled missile, capable of intercepting theatre and medium-range ballistic missiles; in length with a diameter of , it was to be equipped with a nuclear warhead and could intercept incoming missiles at altitudes of up to . By October 1962, however, the technology available was officially deemed incapable of producing a cost-effective system; in addition, the requirement had been altered to require capability for defense against aircraft, which was considered compromising to the effectiveness of the system against missile targets, and the FABMDS program was canceled. It was replaced by the Army Air Defense for the 1970s (AADS-70) program, which became Surface-to-Air Missile-Development (SAM-D) and eventually produced the MIM-104 Patriot missile system.
References
Notes
Bibliography
Anti-ballistic missiles of the United States
Abandoned military rocket and missile projects of the United States
Rebecca Hey (née Roberts), also known as Mrs Hey, (1797–1859) was an English botanical artist and poet.
Biography
Rebecca Hey was born in Leeds and baptised at St. Peter on 21 April 1797. They were the third daughter of merchant Thomas Roberts and Esther Lucy. They married William Hey III (1796-1875) in 1821. They were an apothecary-surgeon, who became principal surgeon at Leeds General Infirmary in 1830, and with other medical practitioners set up the Leeds School of Medicine in 1831. William Hey was one of the original 300 Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons in 1843.
Rebecca Hey's first book was called The Moral of Flowers, which was an encyclopaedia of English flowers. Each article was written by them and was preceded by a colour engraving of a painting of the flower by artist William Clark, former draughtsman and engraver of the London Horticultural Society. In the preface Hey credits the authors Sir J. E. Smith and Mr Drummond for the botanical information included in the descriptions. Moral of Flowers focuses on flower poems that convey religious and moral messages, with a modest amount of botanical information including flowers' scientific names. Hey's purpose is to “draw such a moral from each flower that is introduced as its appearance, habits, or properties might be supposed to suggest". The book was popular and was reprinted in 1835 and 1849.
Hey's next book was an encyclopaedia of trees, this time using their own paintings as well as their poems. Them works were originally published anonymously.
Them final publication Holy Places, and Other Poems focused more on religion and the proceeds from the book went to Special Missions in India.
Selected works
The Moral of Flowers (London: Longman, Rees, Orme, Brown, Green & Longman, 1833)
Sylvan Musings; or The Spirit of the Woods (London: Longman, Brown, Green & Longmans, 1837)
Recollections of the Lakes, and Other Poems (London: Tilt & Bogue, 1841)
Holy Places, and Other Poems (London: J. Hatchard, 1859)
References
1797 births
1859 deaths
English poets
English women poets
Botanical illustrators
English artists
People from Leeds
English women artists
Viburnum ellipticum, the common viburnum or oval-leaved viburnum, is a species of shrub in family Adoxaceae. It is native to the western United States from Washington to central California, where it occurs in forests and mountain chaparral habitat. The shrub has deciduous leaves with oval or rounded blades 2 to 6 centimeters long. The leaf blade usually has three main longitudinal veins and a shallowly toothed edge. The inflorescence is a flat-topped cyme of many white flowers each 6 to 8 millimeters wide with five whiskery white stamens. The fruit is a drupe about a centimeter long.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
Photo gallery
ellipticum
Flora of California
Flora of Oregon
Flora of Washington (state)
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Ricardo Miguel Coelho Fernandes (born 29 September 1991 in Funchal, Madeira) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for CSD Câmara de Lobos as a midfielder.
External links
Ricardo Fernandes at ZeroZero
1991 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Funchal
Portuguese footballers
Madeiran footballers
Association football midfielders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
C.S. Marítimo players
C.D. Nacional players
C.F. União players
A.D. Camacha players
Thomas William Schnackenberg (born 11 May 1945) is a New Zealand sailor and yacht designer best known for their involvement with the America's Cup. They were inducted into the America's Cup Hall of Fame in 2000.
Schnackenberg attended Auckland Grammar School before gaining a masters in physics from the University of Auckland and enrolling for a Ph.D. at the University of British Columbia.
Having served in the Auckland Grammar School Sea Cadets, Schnackenberg joined the RNZNVR, later acquiring a commission as a Reserve officer at HMNZS Ngapona.
Schnackenberg joined North Sails in 1974, and was first involved with the 1977 America's Cup as a sailmaker for US-27 "Enterprise", skippered by Lowell North.
They returned to NZ in 1978 to start a branch of North Sails there.
They designed a number of sails for Australia in the 1980 America's Cup before being promoted to sail co-ordinator for Australia II in the 1983 America's Cup. Australia II won the cup, becoming the first team to defeat the New York Yacht Club. Schnackenberg was again the sail co-ordinator for Australia III and Australia IV's unsuccessful defence of the America's Cup in 1987 before joining New Zealand Challenge to help design KZ1 for the 1988 America's Cup. They were a part of the Spirit of Australia challenge in the 1992 Louis Vuitton Cup before joining Team New Zealand as the design co-ordinator and navigator for their victory at the 1995 America's Cup. 1995 was their first on-board role at an America's Cup. During this period, they also coached the New Zealand yachting team for the Olympic Games in 1992, 1996 and 2000.
They remained with Team New Zealand for their defence at the 2000 America's Cup and was promoted to syndicate head for the unsuccessful 2003 America's Cup defence, where they helped in the design of NZL 82.
They remained with the team through 2004 and then joined Luna Rossa challenge for the 2007 America's Cup, working as a performance data analyst.
They worked for Americas Cup Management and was part of the Alinghi team in their 2010 catamaran defence, and then joined Artemis Racing in the lead up to the 2013 America's Cup as a data analyst
Schnackenberg received an honorary Medal of the Order of Australia, for service as sail co-ordinator for the successful 1983 America's Cup challenge, in the 1984 Australia Day Honours. In the 1995 New Zealand Queen's Birthday Honours, they were appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, for services to yachting, and in 2001 they were awarded an honorary Doctor of Engineering by the University of Auckland, and an honorary Doctor of Laws by the University of British Columbia.
References
1945 births
New Zealand male sailors (sport)
New Zealand Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Honorary Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Team New Zealand sailors
People educated at Auckland Grammar School
University of British Columbia Faculty of Science alumni
University of Auckland alumni
Living people
2003 America's Cup sailors
2000 America's Cup sailors
1995 America's Cup sailors
America's Cup yacht designers
Artemis Racing sailors
1988 America's Cup sailors
Polyortha nigriguttata is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Panama.
References
Moths described in 1914
Polyortha
Shahpur is a town and a nagar parishad in Sagar district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.
Geography
Shahpur is located between the Sagar and Damoh districts. The main industry is agriculture, and several types of grain and vegetables are grown. It has an average elevation of .
Demographics
Census of India, Shahpur had a population of 12,205. Males constituted 52% of the population and females 48%. Shahpur had an average literacy rate of 59%, close to the national average of 59.5%. Male literacy was 69%, and female literacy was 47%. In Shahpur, 17% of the population was under 6 years of age.
References
Sagar, Madhya Pradesh
Cities and towns in Sagar district
St. Patrick's Church is a Roman Catholic church in Ringsend, Dublin.
References
Ringsend
Churches of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Dublin
Azlina binti Abdul Aziz (born 6 June 1962) is a Malaysian singer and actor.  They are the daughter of a acting-singing couple named Normadiah and Aziz Jaafar. They started their career in 1979, with a soundtrack album, Dunia Ana Yang Punya.
They have a younger sister named Liza Aziz, also a well-known singer. They were previously married to Azman Abu Hassan, a musician and one of the siblings of the late composer, Dato' Adnan Abu Hassan in 1992, but divorced in 2010.
Discography
Soundtrack album
Dunia Ana Yang Punya (1979)
Studio album
Kau Pergi Jua (1981)
Malu-Malu Sayang (1981)
Bayang-Bayang (1983)
Duniaku (1984)
Mencari Mimpi (1986)
Seikhlas Mana Hatimu (1987)
Mengenang Aziz Jaafar & Normadiah (1988)
Mengenang Aziz Jaafar & Normadiah Vol. II (1990)
Di Sini Buat Pertama Kali (1990)
Others
Riang Ria Hari Raya (1985)
Hitam Putih Kehidupan (1987)
Gema Hari Raya (1989)
Suara Hati (1991)
Suara Hati II (1992)
Seikhlas Budi Aidilfitri (1994)
R.A.P. '96 (1996)
Adnan Vs. Azlan Abu Hassan Pasti Hits! (2002)
Compilation album
Nostalgia Azlina Aziz Vol. 1 (1994)
Nostalgia Azlina Aziz Vol. 2 (1994)
Memori Hit (2009)
Terbaik (2010)
Biografi (2011)
Kenangan Abadi (2011)
Album that they had joined
Ahmad Fauzee (1987)
Siapa Punya (1987)
Liza (1992)
References
1962 births
Malaysian people of Malay descent
Living people
Malaysian women pop singers
Malaysian actores
Malaysian people of Indonesian descent
Malaysian Muslims
Malaysian rhythm and blues singers
İrem Karamete (born June 20, 1993) is a Turkish fencer competing in the foil event at the 2016 Summer Olympics.  They are the first Turkish fencer to qualify for the Olympics since 1984.
Early life
Karamete was born into a fencing family in Istanbul, Turkey on June 20, 1993. Them father Mehmet Karamete coached the Israeli and German national fencing teams, as well as their spouse Nili Drori. İrem's mother Nili competed in the women's individual foil events for Israel at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics. Them older sister Merve also competed in fencing, and was a member of the national team.
Karamete completed their bachelor's degree in industrial engineering with an athletic scholarship at Ozyegin University, Istanbul. They were the captain of their university's fencing team where they also won four individual titles in a row. In 2019, they completed their master's degree in global marketing management at Boston University, USA.
Sports career
Karamete started fencing at the age of 10. In only five years they reached the national team representing Turkey in international competitions. In those years, they also won the " Turkish Champion " title in the cadet & junior categories several times. They competed in many European and World Cadet & Junior championships, reaching the top 16 at the 2009 tournament in Bourges, France. Karamete won a bronze medal at the Cadet & Junior Mediterranean Championships the same year.
Karamete won the Turkish Championship 10 times between 2011 and 2019.
In 2012, Karamete took the gold medal at the Mediterranean Junior and Cadet Fencing Championship held in Poreč, Croatia after the Turkish women's fencing team defeated France in the final. In the same season, Karamete finished in the top 16 at both Junior World Cups in Budapest and Belgrade.
Karamete took the bronze medal at the 2013 Mediterranean Games in Mersin, Turkey. They were the first Turkish woman to obtain a medal in fencing for their country in 42 years.
In the 2014–2015 season, Karamete took a silver medal in Cancún, Mexico, a gold medal in Antalya, Turkey, a bronze medal both in Kocaeli, Turkey and Copenhagen, Denmark at the satellite tournament events. They represented their country at the 2015 European Games in Baku, Azerbaijan. Karamete was the silver medalist at the 2015 Balkan Championships in Niš, Serbia.
Karamete qualified for participation at the 2016 Rio Olympics after a successful showing at the 2016 Summer Olympics – Qualification tournament held in Prague, Czech Republic. In doing so, they became the first Turkish fencer to compete at the Olympics since the 1984 competition.
In May 2018, Karamete won the bronze medal representing their country at the Satellite Cup Bucharest. At the end of the season, they finished in the Top 16 at the Senior European Championship in Novi Sad, Serbia, and Top 32 at the Senior World Championships in Wuxi, China.
In the 2019–2020 season, the road to the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games, Karamete obtained the following results representing Turkey: a gold medal in Antalya, bronze medals at the senior satellite tournament events in Bucharest and Amsterdam, and Top 32 at the Turin Grand Prix. These finishes gave them important points for Olympic qualification goals.
They competed at the 2022 European Fencing Championships held in Antalya, Turkey. They won one of the bronze medals in the women's individual foil event at the 2022 Mediterranean Games held in Oran, Algeria.
Personal life
On July 29, 2020, Karamete married their coach, Italian Olympic fencer Andrea Baldini, in Istanbul.
References
External links
Fiche FIE
1993 births
Sportspeople from Istanbul
Turkish female foil fencers
Özyeğin University alumni
Boston University
Living people
Fencers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic fencers of Turkey
Competitors at the 2018 Mediterranean Games
Competitors at the 2022 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games bronze medalists for Turkey
Mediterranean Games medalists in fencing
European Games competitors for Turkey
Fencers at the 2015 European Games
Turkish people of Israeli descent
Fencers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Islamic Solidarity Games medalists in fencing
Islamic Solidarity Games competitors for Turkey
20th-century Turkish women
21st-century Turkish women
Sir George McLean (1834 – 17 February 1917) was a 19th-century Member of Parliament from the Otago region in New Zealand.
Biography
McLean owned Matanaka Farm near Waikouaiti from February 1878 until 1892.
They represented the Waikouaiti electorate from to 1872 when they resigned, and from an to 1881 when they retired.
McLean held several ministerial appointments under Vogel and Atkinson: Postmaster-General and Commissioner of Telegraphs from 1 to 13 September 1876 and 12 January to 13 October 1877. They were Collector of Customs from 1 September 1876 to 13 October 1877 and (as a MLC) Commissioner of Trade and Customs from 28 August to 3 September 1884.
On 19 December 1881, they were appointed to the New Zealand Legislative Council and remained a member until their death on 17 February 1917.
They were knighted in 1909. They had married a daughter of Matthew Holmes. Their daughter Georgia Constance McLean married Thomas Wilford in 1892. Their brother-in-law, the solicitor John White, unsuccessfully contested the Waikouaiti electorate in the .
References
|-
1834 births
1917 deaths
Members of the New Zealand House of Representatives
New Zealand Knights Bachelor
New Zealand MPs for Dunedin electorates
Members of the New Zealand Legislative Council
Members of the Cabinet of New Zealand
19th-century New Zealand politicians
People from Waikouaiti
Vladimir Eduardovich Evzerov (Russian: Владимир Эдуардович Евзеров), born on February 19, 1954, is a Russian music composer, Singer. Meritorious Artist of Russia (2004).
Biography
Vladimir Evzerov was born on February 19, 1954, in Cherkasy, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.
As a composer famous was only after meeting with Valery Leontiev, who began to perform their songs. In reperutare Leontiev more than 30 songs of Evzerov. Subsequently Evzerov songs into the repertoire of artists such as Joseph Kobzon, Sofia Rotaru, Nikolai Baskov, Philip Kirkorov, Nikolai Karachentsov, Lyubov Uspenskaya, Aziza, Vadim Kozachenko, Tamara Gverdtsiteli, Vitas, Efim Shifrin, Ekaterina Shavrina, Nadezda Krigina, Mark Tishman, Turetsky Choir, Soprano10, Irina Dubcova, Eugene Diatlov, Ugine Eugene, Eugene Onegin, Alexander Rublev, Anna Reznikova. In addition, Vladimir Evzerov themselves performs their own songs, cooperating with Nikolai Denisov, Nikolai Zinoviev, Igor Kokhanovsky Alikhanov Sergey, Yuri Baladzharovym, Maria Shemyakova, Piotr Kuznetsov and other poets.
References
External links
Official website
Vladimir Evzerov biography
Valery Leontiev in Creative Evening of V.Evzerov (2007)
1954 births
Living people
Russian pop musicians
Russian composers
Russian male composers
Soviet male singers
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
20th-century Russian male singers
Gerardo Roxas y Arroyo (fl. estimated between 1839 and 1887 – April 21, 1891 on Panay, Philippines) was the father of Manuel Roxas, the fifth President of the Philippines. Roxas was also the great-grandfather of former senator and Secretary of Interior and Local Government, Mar Roxas.
Roxas served as a military soldier and servant in the Spanish Colonial Era in the Philippines.
Early life
Roxas was born to Antonio Roxas (II) and Lucina Arroyo in Capiz, Panay Island. They were a grandson of Caetano Roxas and the great-grandson of Juan Roxas y Arroyo (the son of Antonio Roxas y Ureta).
Personal life and death
Roxas was married to Rosario Acuña y Villaruz. The couple had four children - Mamerto, Manuel, Leopoldo and Margarita. Manuel was a posthumous child, as Roxas had died after having been mortally wounded by Spanish Guardia Civil before Manuel was born.
Lineage
Roxas was a descendant of Antonio Roxas y Ureta, the brother of Domingo Roxas y Ureta (who was a progenitor of the Roxas de Ayala and Zobel de Ayala clans).
Antonio Roxas y Ureta - second great-grandfather
Juan Roxas y Arroyo - great-grandfather
Caetano Roxas - grandfather
Antonio Roxas (II) - father
Lucina Arroyo-Roxas - mother
Gerardo Roxas y Arroyo
Manuel Roxas (1892 – 1948) - son; Philippine president
Gerardo Manuel Roxas ("Gerry") (1924 – 1982) - grandson; Philippine senator
Manuel Roxas II ("Mar") (b. 1957) - great-grandson; Philippine senator, former DILG secretary
Gerardo Roxas, Jr. ("Dinggoy") (1960 – 1993) - great-grandson; Philippine member of congress
References
Roxas family
Year of birth uncertain
1891 deaths
Filipino people of Spanish descent
Visayan people
People from Capiz
The men's 100 metres event at the 1955 International University Sports Week was held in San Sebastián on 12, 13 and 14 August 1955.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
Athletics at the 1955 Summer International University Sports Week
1955
Michael Benedikt is an architect, urbanist, and academic.  They are noted for formalizing and promoting the geographical concept called isovist. Benedikt is also an advocate of the interior design concept called "interiorist" practice.
Biography
They received their Bachelor of Architecture from the University of the Witwatersran (South Africa) in 1971 and their Master of Environmental Design (M.E.D.) from Yale School of Architecture in 1975. In 2003, they were awarded the University of Texas at Austin School of Architecture's Teacher of Year Award, and in 2004 was named a Distinguished Professor by the Association of Collegiate Schools of Architecture (ACSA). Benedikt became a Visiting Professor at the University for the Creative Arts in September 2016. They have published over 100 articles and has delivered more than 85 invited lectures in the U.S. and abroad on architectural practice, design theory and research, computing, art, and ethics.
Career
Benedikt is a 2004 ACSA Distinguished Professor at the University of Texas at Austin School of Architecture, where they hold the Hal Box Chair in Urbanism. They direct The Center for American Architecture and Design and the Graduate Program in Interdisciplinary Studies, and is the Chair of the Architecture Graduate Studies Committee. Their areas of interests are advanced Architectural Design, architectural theory, and graduate design.
Works
In their work as architect and professor of urbanism, Benedikt proposed the adoption of the "interiorist" model. It is a design practice that approaches interior design from a phenomenological position. The concept emphasizes working from inside out, where the feeling of the interior extends out-of-doors. Benedikt also refined the notion of isovist, a geometric concept used in architecture to denote the volume visible from a given location, in a view-independent fashion.
Benedikt's published works include:
For An Architecture of Reality (Lumen),
Deconstructing the Kimbell (Lumen),
Cyberspace: First Steps (ed., MIT Press),
Shelter: The 2000 Wallenberg Lecture (U. Michigan), and
God, Creativity and Evolution: The Argument From Design(ers) (Centerline Books)
God Is the Good We Do (Bottino Books)
Architecture Beyond Experience (AR+D, 2020)
References
Michael Benedikt Interview
External links
Michael Benedikt
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Texas at Austin faculty
The American Baptist Churches USA (ABCUSA) is a mainline/evangelical Baptist Christian denomination within the United States. The denomination maintains headquarters in Valley Forge, Pennsylvania. The organization is usually considered mainline, although varying theological and mission emphases may be found among its congregations, including modernist, charismatic and evangelical orientations. It traces its history to the First Baptist Church in America (1638) and the Baptist congregational associations which organized the Triennial Convention in 1814. From 1907 to 1950, it was known as the Northern Baptist Convention, and from 1950 to 1972 as the American Baptist Convention.
History
Colonial New England Baptists
American Baptist Churches USA have their origins in the First Baptist Church in Providence, Rhode Island, now the First Baptist Church in America, founded in 1638 by the minister Roger Williams. Regarded by the more dogmatic Puritans of the Massachusetts Bay Colony as a heretic for their religious separatism, Williams was banished into the New England wilderness where they and their followers created the settlement of Providence and later, the colony of Rhode Island. Williams is credited with being the founder of the Baptist movement in America, the founder of the state of Rhode Island, and the first highly visible public leader in America to call for the separation of church and state.
Triennial Convention
Having a congregational polity, early Baptist churches in America operated independently from one another, following an array of Protestant theological paths, but were often unified in their mission to evangelize. In the 18th century, they sometimes created local congregational associations for support, fellowship, and work (such as the founding of Brown University in 1764). The evangelical mission led to the establishment of the national Triennial Convention in 1814, a collaborative effort by local churches to organize, fund, and deploy missionaries. The ABCUSA descends from this Triennial Convention. Through the Triennial Convention structure a number of mission-oriented societies were formed, including the American Baptist Foreign Mission Society (1814), American Baptist Home Mission Society (1832), American Baptist Publication Society (1841), and the American Baptist Education Society (1888).
In 1845, a majority of Baptists in the South withdrew support from the Triennial Convention – largely in response to the decision of its delegates to ban slaveholders from becoming ordained missionaries – and formed the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC). The Triennial Convention was loosely structured, and the SBC offered Baptists a more centralized organizational structure for carrying on missionary and benevolent work. In contrast, however, the Triennial Convention afforded local churches a higher degree of local autonomy, a more traditional characteristic of Baptist polity. The majority of churches in the North continued to work through these separate cooperating societies for missions and benevolence. The societies were united under the umbrella of a unified convention in 1907.
Northern Baptist Convention
The Northern Baptist Convention was founded in Washington, D.C., on May 17, 1907.Charles Evans Hughes, then Governor of New York and later Chief Justice of the United States, served the body as its first president. The purpose of the Northern Baptist Convention was to bring about a consistent cooperation among the separate Baptist bodies then existing. It was the first step in bringing together Baptists in the North "with ties to the historic American Baptist mission societies in the nineteenth century." These had contributed to establishing many schools for freedmen in the South after the American Civil War, as well as working on issues of health and welfare. Many of their missionaries and members had worked as teachers in the South. In 1911, most of the churches of the Free Will Baptist General Conference merged with it.
American Baptist Convention
The name of the Convention was changed in 1950 to the American Baptist Convention (ABC), and it operated under this name until 1972. It was the second step at bringing together on a national level Baptist with ties to the mission societies. The ABC was characterized from 1950–66 with annual resolutions at its conventions having to do with the Civil Rights Movement and race relations.
As in many cases, the rhetoric of the annual conventions was sometimes ahead of local activity, but the denomination gradually made progress. In 1964, it created the Baptist Action for Racial Brotherhood (BARB), which early the next year produced a pamphlet outlining actions for change in local churches. In 1968, the national convention was challenged by "Black American Baptist Churchmen Speak To the American Baptist Convention," demands that challenged how the denomination had "conducted its business relative to black American Baptists." The black churchmen said the Convention had excluded them from decisionmaking positions, even while working with good intentions on behalf of black American Baptists. The following year, Dr. Thomas Kilgore Jr., pastor of the Second Baptist Church of Los Angeles, was elected the first black president of the Convention. The 1968 Convention also voted to create the Study Commission on Denominational Structure (SCODS). Its recommendations changed the denomination in a variety of ways, after being adopted at the 1972 Convention.
American Baptist Churches USA
To reflect its new structure, the Convention in 1972 changed its name to the American Baptist Churches USA. Rather than relying on decisionmaking at the annual Convention by whichever churches happened to send delegates, the SCODS restructuring resulted in the following:
Theology and practice
American Baptists share the same theological beliefs with Protestant churches which believe that the Bible is the inspired word of God and the final authority in matters of faith. The ABCUSA affirms the Trinity, that the one God exists as three persons in complete unity: God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit. They confess Jesus Christ as Savior and Lord through whom those who believe can have fellowship with God. They died, taking on the sins of the world, and was resurrected, triumphing over sin and death.
ABCUSA churches recognize two ordinances: Believer's baptism and the Lord's Supper. Baptism is by immersion, and those being baptized must be of an age to understand its significance. Believing in the priesthood of all believers, the ABCUSA avoids using creeds, affirming the freedom of individual Christians and local churches to interpret scripture as the Holy Spirit leads them. The ABCUSA affirms the ordination of women.
LGBTQ issues
LGBTQ issues have been a point of contention in the ABCUSA since the 1987 Biennial Meeting. In 1992, the General Board adopted a resolution that stated, “We affirm that the practice of homosexuality is incompatible with Christian teaching.”
So far, at least seven regions in the ABCUSA – Evergreen, Wisconsin, Rochester-Genesee, Metro Chicago, Metropolitan New York, Massachusetts, and Philadelphia – support full inclusion of LGBTQ persons into Baptist life. Many ABCUSA churches have also partnered with the Association of Welcoming and Affirming Baptists, which formed at the 1993 Biennial Meeting.
However, several other ABCUSA regions and churches have opposed affirmation of homosexuality, bisexuality, and transgender identity. In 2004, the ABC Central Region reaffirmed the 1992 resolution. At its 2005 annual meeting, the West Virginia Baptist Convention, which had a history of proposing resolutions opposing liberal views on LGBTQ inclusion, narrowly rejected a proposal to withdraw from the ABCUSA over its refusal to discipline those regions that have supported LGBTQ-friendly policies. The Indiana-Kentucky region has also proposed a change in the denomination's bylaws that would prohibit the transfer of churches into another region if removed from the region because of the issue of homosexuality. In 2006, the American Baptist Churches of the Pacific Southwest, believing that "the practice of homosexuality is incompatible with Christian teaching", split from the ABCUSA, and was renamed Transformation Ministries.
Each local congregation is autonomous and permitted to perform same-sex marriages if they opt to do so. For example, Calvary Baptist Church (Washington, D.C.), affiliated with the ABCUSA, performs same-sex marriages. In 2013, an ABCUSA congregation in Washington, DC, ordained the denomination's first openly transgender pastor.
The ABCUSA has consistently allowed each congregation to determine whether or not to perform same-sex marriages, or ordain LGBT clergy. The ABCUSA General Board voted in 2005 to amend the declaration We are American Baptists to define marriage as "between one man and one woman" and maintain that "the practice of homosexuality is incompatible with Biblical teaching." However, the denomination has never officially adopted the board's statement, and has also stated "We respect and will continue to respect congregational freedom on this issue".
Organization
The American Baptists Church USA has a congregationalist polity emphasizing local church autonomy. Local churches are organized into 33 regions. The General Board makes policy for the denomination's national agencies. However, General Board resolutions are not binding on local congregations. Three-fourths of the representatives to the General Board are nominated and elected by the regions. One-fourth of the representatives are nominated by the Nominating Committee and are elected by the regions. The General Secretary executes the policies and decisions of the General Board. Rev. Dr. Lee B. Spitzer was called as ABCUSA General Secretary on May 8, 2017.
A substantial portion of the ABCUSA consists of African-American churches that may have joint affiliations with the ABCUSA and historic bodies such as the National Baptist Convention or the Progressive National Baptist Convention.
Regions
The ABCUSA consists of 33 regional associations and conventions:
Membership trends
In 2009, the ABCUSA reported 1,310,505 members in 5,402 churches. Membership remained fairly steady during the 20th century. In 1925, there were just over 1.4 million members. Membership peaked in the early 1980s at around 1.6 million. Lately, membership has begun to decline again, with the ABCUSA reporting 1,145,647 members in 5,057 churches at the end of 2017. According to a denomination census released in 2020, it claimed 5,025 churches and 1,126,527 members. According to the Official website, in 2022 the church have a small growing, in fact the members and the churches are, approximately, 1,300,000 with 5,000 Churches.
Congregations are concentrated in the Midwest and Northeast United States. Numbers of the most wealthy and affluent American families, such as Rockefeller family, are Northern Baptist.
Affiliated seminaries
There are a number of universities and colleges affiliated with the ABCUSA. There are ten seminaries affiliated with the American Baptist Churches USA:
Andover Newton Theological School, Newton, Massachusetts now part of Yale Divinity from 2018
Berkeley School of Theology (formerly called the American Baptist Seminary of the West), Berkeley, California
Central Baptist Theological Seminary, Shawnee, Kansas
Colgate Rochester Crozer Divinity School, Rochester, New York
Evangelical Seminary of Puerto Rico, San Juan, Puerto Rico
Morehouse School of Religion, Atlanta, Georgia
Northern Baptist Theological Seminary, Lisle, Illinois
Palmer Theological Seminary, Wayne, Pennsylvania
Shaw University Divinity School, Raleigh, North Carolina
The Samuel DeWitt Proctor School of Theology, Virginia Union University, Richmond, Virginia
Notable members
Includes Northern Baptists (1907–1950) and American Baptists (1950–present)
Wayland Hoyt (1838–1910), minister and author
John D. Rockefeller (1839–1937), oil magnate and philanthropist
Walter Rauschenbusch (1861-1918), theologian and pastor, key figure of the Social Gospel and single tax movements
Charles Evans Hughes (1862–1948), 36th Governor of New York, 11th Chief Justice of the United States, and first president of the Northern Baptist Convention
John D. Rockefeller Jr. (1874–1960), financier and philanthropist
Tony Campolo (b. 1935) American sociologist, pastor, author
Kamala Harris (b. 1964), Vice President of the United States
See also
Born again
Baptist beliefs
Worship service (evangelicalism)
Believers' Church
Christianity in the United States
References
External links
American Baptist Historical Society
Jessie M. Bright Collection at Stuart A. Rose Manuscript, Archives, & Rare Book Library, Emory University
Baptist denominations in North America
Members of the World Council of Churches
Christian organizations established in 1907
Baptist denominations established in the 20th century
Members of the National Council of Churches
1907 establishments in the United States
Conognatha splendens is a species of beetles in the family Buprestidae.
Description
Conognatha splendens can reach a length of about . The basic color is metallic blue-green, with a transversal orange band on the elytra.
References
Buprestidae
Beetles described in 1912
Bright Angel Lodge is a hotel complex at the South Rim of the Grand Canyon in Grand Canyon National Park, Arizona. Designed by architect Mary Jane Colter, the lodge is a complex of cabins around a central lodge building, directly on the edge of the canyon. The rustic lodge complex is a major contributing structure in the Grand Canyon Village National Historic Landmark District.
History
The first accommodation at the location was established by James Thurber in 1896 at the head of the Bright Angel Trail leading into the canyon. Thurber ran a stagecoach line from the Grandview area to this new location to the west in 1896, building a small wood-frame hotel. At about the same time, Buckey O'Neill built their cabin nearby, calling it O'Neill's Camp. Thurber acquired the O'Neill cabin at about the time O'Neill died in Cuba during the Spanish–American War. Thurber expanded the operation, establishing a tent camp for tourists and calling the complex the Bright Angel Hotel and the Bright Angel Camps.
Thurber sold the Bright Angel operation to Williams, Arizona hotelier Martin Buggeln, in time for the Grand Canyon Railroad to be completed to the South Rim in September. The railroad, which claimed most of the lands at the South Rim, including the Bright Angel site, cooperated with Buggeln while the railroad's El Tovar Hotel was being built immediately to the east of the Bright Angel Hotel, then bought out Buggeln when the new hotel was completed in 1905. The railroad renovated the older hotel and built cabins to replace the tents. In contrast to the lodgings at the El Tovar, which were marketed as a destination hotel, the Bright Angel facilities were aimed at a middle-class market.
The Red Horse Station was originally built as a stage coach stop about south of the South Rim. When the railroad was extended to the South Rim, Ralph Cameron disassembled the post and moved it to the South rim and rebuilt it just to the west of the Buckey O'Neill Cabin in 1902, adding a wood frame second floor to the log first floor and calling it Cameron's Hotel. From 1907 it housed the park's post office.
By the 1930s the Bright Angel operation needed renovation. The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, which owned the Grand Canyon Railroad and the South Rim concessions, asked architect Mary Colter to design a replacement. Colter's initial designs resembled their Hermit's Rest and Lookout Studio structures, both located nearby. The Park Service did not approve of such extensive use of stone for the new lodgings, and Colter revised the design to wood-frame construction, Colter kept the O'Neill Cabin and the Red Horse Cabin (removing its incongruous second floor) and replaced the tent cabins with new rustic cabins of log and local stone construction, completed in 1935. Colter took particular pains to integrate the new complex into the landscape, using a scale model to study the design.
Description
The lodge is a large structure with a simple shallow-pitched gable roof. The roof overhangs at the main entry to form a gabled porch supported by peeled log posts. Colter used shed-roofed appendages to create a layered effect for the mass of the main lodge. Interior finishes included hand-adzed logs, adobe and local limestone. The stone fireplace materials reproduce the strata found in the Grand Canyon along the Bright Angel Trail in their correct sequence from bottom to top. The semi-detached cabins are laid out in the space between the lodge and the canyon's rim, with some directly overlooking the canyon. Cabins were furnished with antiques and reproductions hand-picked by Colter. The lodge's cocktail lounge features murals by Hopi artist Fred Kabotie.
Historic designation
The Bright Angel Lodge and cabins are significant contributing structures in the Grand Canyon Village National Historic Landmark District. The historic district was expanded in 1982 to include the Bright Angel Lodge and its cabins. It had initially been left out of the nomination as it had not yet reached the 50-year age threshold, but the 1982 nomination made plain that the Bright Angel complex had such exceptional significance that it was worthy of waiving the 50-year requirement.
References
External links
Bright Angel Hotel & Lodge at Nature, Culture and History at the Grand Canyon
Bright Angel Cabins at Nature, Culture and History at the Grand Canyon
All of the following are filed under Grand Canyon Village, South Rim, Grand Canyon National Park, Coconino County, AZ:
, also individual cabins:
Cabin No. 6160-6163
Cabin No. 6164-6167
Cabin No. 6168-6169
Cabin No. 6170-6173
Cabin No. 6174-6177
Cabin No. 6178
Cabin No. 6179-6182
Cabin No. 6183-6184
Cabin No. 6185-6187
Cabin No. 6191-6192
Cabin No. 6193
Cabin No. 6194-6195
Cabin No. 6196-6197
Cabin No. 6198
Bright Angel Lodge, Shelter
Hotels in Arizona
Buildings and structures in Grand Canyon National Park
Buildings and structures completed in 1935
Historic district contributing properties in Arizona
Historic American Buildings Survey in Arizona
1935 establishments in Arizona
Mary Colter buildings
National Park Service rustic in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places in Coconino County, Arizona
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Arizona
Historic Hotels of America
Selaginella oregana is a species of spikemoss known by the common name Oregon spikemoss. It is native to the Pacific Coast of western North America, where it can be found from British Columbia to northern California. It grows in mossy, shady coastal forests. It is often epiphytic, growing attached to tree branches, its stems hanging in sheets of green, mosslike streamers. Trees commonly occupied by the spikemoss include bigleaf maple (Acer macrophyllum), black cottonwood (Populus trichocarpa), and red alder (Alnus rubra). It also grows on the ground and on rocks in carpetlike mats. This lycophyte has creeping or hanging stems up to about 60 centimeters long, usually with forking branches. They curl as they dry. The stems are radially symmetric, with spirals of lance-shaped leaves each measuring 2 or 3 millimeters in length and tipped with a tiny, rigid bristle. The strobili containing the reproductive structures are up to 6 centimeters long and often occur in pairs.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
oregana
Epiphytes
Flora of British Columbia
Flora of Washington (state)
Flora of Oregon
Flora of California
Hélène Bergès (born August 27, 1966 in Pau) is a French scientist and was the Director of the French Plant Genomic Resources Center from its foundation until 2019.
Education
Bergès completed a doctorate in 1995 at the Toulouse III - Paul Sabatier University in the fields of genetics and molecular biology.
Career
After their PhD, Bergès joined the National Institute for Agricultural Research (INRA) in 1998, to first focus on research in studying plant interactions with microbes. In 2003, their position at INRA allowed them to found a separate department called the French Plant Genomic Resources Center (CNRGV) where they were the director until 2019. Employing some twenty people, the CNRGV is involved in various international sequencing consortia, develops various projects funded by the French Government (Grand Emprunt), the French National Research Agency (ANR) or the European Union, in collaboration with various laboratories all around the world. Along other activities, Hélène Bergès is member of the scientific committee of the Parliamentary Office for the Evaluation of Scientific and Technological Options (OPECST). In 2021, they were one of the researchers highlighted in the " La Science taille XX elles" exhibition presented in Toulouse.
Research
Bergès' early research used Escherichia coli as a model system to examine cytokines and plasmid copy numbers. They then they moved on to examine the bacterial cells associated with plant roots including the development of microarrays which allowed them to quantify gene expression in these bacteria. They were an early adopter of the need to sequence plant genomes, and their recent work includes large-scale sequencing projects including those generating genomic information on barley, wheat, and sunflowers.
Selected publications
Awards and honors
The National Institute for Agricultural Research gave Bergès their 2012 engineering award. They were one of ten recipients of the 2015 Vermeil Medal of the French Academy of Agriculture, and they were given the 2018 "Outstanding Leadership Award" from the International Wheat Genome Sequencing Consortium, for "her leadership in BAC pooling and BAC libraries". In 2015, they were made Knight of Legion of Honour, and they are also a Knight of the Order of Agricultural Merit.
References
Further reading
External links
1966 births
Living people
20th-century French botanists
Paul Sabatier University alumni
Knights of the Order of Agricultural Merit
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
21st-century French botanists
French geneticists
Peter Clarke (born 8 July 1979) is a former professional tennis player from Ireland.
Clarke made the round of 16 in the boys' singles event at the 1996 Australian Open.
They appeared in seven Davis Cup ties for Ireland, playing 12 rubbers, of which they won six.
The number one ranked Irish player for much of their career, Clarke played on the ITF Men's Circuit and ATP Challenger Circuit.
Finals
Singles
Doubles
References
1979 births
Living people
Irish male tennis players
Sportspeople from Dublin (city)
The Tiberiu Popoviciu Institute of Numerical Analysis (ICTP) is a mathematics research institute of the Romanian Academy, based in Cluj-Napoca, Romania.
ICTP is coordinated by the Mathematical Section and belongs to the Cluj-Napoca Branch of the Romanian Academy. The Institute performs fundamental research mainly in the field of Numerical Analysis.
ICTP was founded in 1951, as the Mathematical Section of the Cluj-Napoca Branch, with residence at 37 Republicii Street.
References
External links
Mathematical institutes
Research institutes in Romania
Research institutes established in 1951
1951 establishments in Romania
Tanzania competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Field
See also
Tanzania at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Tanzanian sport
Microfluidic diffusional sizing (MDS) is a method to measure the size of particles based on the degree to which they diffuse within a microfluidic laminar flow. It allows size measurements to be taken from extremely small quantities of material (nano-grams) and is particularly useful when sizing molecules which may vary in size depending on their environment - e.g. protein molecules which may unfold or become denatured in unfavourable conditions.
Applications
MDS is primarily used in protein analyses, where size, concentration and interactions are important.
Protein size measurement
Measuring the size of a protein molecule is useful as an overall quality indicator, since misfolding, unfolding, oligomerization, aggregation or degradation can all affect size.
The literature specifically demonstrates the use of MDS in sizing protein-nanobody complexes, monitoring the formation of α-synuclein amyloid fibrils. and in observing protein assembly into oligomers
MDS can also be used to size membrane proteins, as the use of a protein specific labelling and detection system allows other species present in the solution (such as free lipid micelles or detergents) to be ignored.
Protein interactions
MDS has been used to characterise interactions between biomolecules under native conditions, and has been demonstrated to detect specific interactions within complex mixtures. It has also been used in detecting and quantifying protein-ligand interactions and protein-lipid interactions.
Protein concentration
The concentration of purified protein solutions in the laboratory is useful in determining yield and measuring the success of a prep. MDS reports concentration as well as size for each test.
Since the detection is not based on inherent fluorescence of tryptophan or tyrosine residues, MDS has been used as an alternative to A280 UV-Vis quantification.
Advantages
If protein specific labelling is applied, MDS allows membrane proteins to be sized. This is particularly useful as it is an area where other biophysical techniques can struggle - for example dynamic light scattering (DLS) is of limited use, since free detergent molecules may also scatter light and affect the results.
Furthermore, as the size reported is an average of all detectable species present there is no bias towards large species, as is found in DLS measurements.
Another key advantage is that results can be obtained with very small quantities of material which may be particularly important where samples are scarce or expensive.
With commercially available MDS instruments, testing is very simple and there is no need to input test parameters or sample conditions. This makes it a very repeatable method of testing as most of the functions such as flow rates, detector settings etc. are automated by the instrument rather than set by the operator.
In addition to size, MDS is able to calculate concentration so two parameters can be assessed in one test.
Finally the method does not require calibration, as it relies on a ratio-metric measurement to determine diffusion rate.
Theory
In an MDS analysis, a stream of liquid containing the particles to be sized is introduced alongside an auxiliary stream in a laminar flow in a microfluidic channel. Because there is no convective mixing of the two streams, the only way particles can move to the auxiliary stream is by diffusion. The rate of this diffusion is dependent on the particle's size, as determined by the Stokes–Einstein equation, so small particles diffuse quicker than large particles.
After a period of diffusion the original and auxiliary streams are split and the degree of diffusion is fixed. The number of particles in each stream can then be detected (in the case of proteins this is achieved by addition of an amine reactive fluorogenic dye). The ratio between the two streams is used to determine the diffusion co-efficient, which is used to calculate the hydrodynamic radius. The sum of particles in both streams can also be used to measure the concentration of the analyte.
References
Biochemistry methods
This is a list of episodes for the television series Murder in the First, an American detective anthology drama that airs on TNT. The series stars Taye Diggs and Kathleen Robertson. Set in San Francisco, the show follows a single case across an entire season.
Series overview
Episodes
Season 1 (2014)
Season 2 (2015)
Season 3 (2016)
References
External links
List of Murder in the First episodes at TNT
Lists of American crime drama television series episodes
Lists of American comedy-drama television series episodes
Shaka Loveless Grøn (born 5 March 1984) is a Danish rapper and singer with reggae roots.  They are also a lead vocalist for the Danish hip-hop / R&B band The Gypsies (earlier known as The Electric Gypsies with a more rock-oriented sound).
Shaka Loveless is the son of famous blues player James Loveless and has been a regular part of the Danish blues scene, as a solo artist, and in their long collaboration as member of Shades of Blue, where they played with guitarist Uffe Steen, bassist Morten Brauner and drummer Claus Daugaard.
Besides being lead vocalist for The Gypsies, they have also developed a successful solo career with their 2012 charting hit "Tomgang" that rose to No. 1 on the Danish Singles Chart. The platinum selling single "Tomgang" is produced by Donkey Sound like the rest of their debut album which was released by Universal Music in October 2012.
Discography
Albums
with The Gypsies
2007: One Hand Up
2009: For the Feeble Hearted
solo
Singles
with The Gypsies
2007: "Underground"
2008: "Part of Me"
2009: "The Mirror"
2009: "American Girl"
Solo
Featured in
References
External links
Facebook
Danish male singers
Danish rappers
Danish hip hop musicians
1984 births
Living people
Paul Webb is an English musician.
Paul Webb may also refer to:
Paul Webb (basketball), college basketball coach
Paul Webb (footballer), English footballer
Paul Webb (screenwriter), British screenwriter and playwright
Mucilaginibacter daejeonensis is a Gram-negative, facultatively aerobic, heterotrophic, non-spore-forming, rod-shaped and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from a dried rice straw.
References
External links
Type strain of Mucilaginibacter daejeonensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2009
Aspergillus brunneoviolaceus is a species of fungus in the genus Aspergillus. It belongs to the group of black Aspergilli which are important industrial workhorses. A. brunneoviolaceus belongs to the Nigri section. The species was first described in 1955 and has been found in Brazil.
The genome of A. brunneoviolaceus was sequenced and published in 2014 as part of the Aspergillus whole-genome sequencing project – a project dedicated to performing whole-genome sequencing of all members of the genus Aspergillus. The genome assembly size was 37.48 Mbp.
Growth and morphology
A. brunneoviolaceus has been cultivated on both Czapek yeast extract agar (CYA) plates and Malt Extract Agar Oxoid® (MEAOX) plates. The growth morphology of the colonies can be seen in the pictures below.
References
Further reading
brunneoviolaceus
Fungi described in 1955
Callan is a given name and surname of Irish and Scottish origin. It can derive from Ó Cathaláin, meaning descendant of Cathalán. Callan can also be an Anglicized form of the Gaelic Mac Allin or Mac Callin. Notable people with the name include:
Surname
Aela Callan, Australian news reporter
Alan Callan (died 2014), U.S. business person, musician, and filmmaker
Clair Armstrong Callan (1920–2005), U.S. politician
Colm Callan (born 1923), Irish rugby player
Curtis Callan (born 1942), U.S. physicist
Dave Callan (born 1975) Irish-Australian comedian
David Callan, Australian standup comedian
Dennis Callan (1932–2006), Welsh footballer
H. G. Callan (1917–1993), British biologist
Hughie Callan (1881–1917), Australian footballer
James Callan, cofounder of Spiritus Christi Roman Catholic splinter group
James L. Callan (1910–1991), U.S. business person and politician
John Callan O'Laughlin (1873–1949), U.S. military journalist
K Callan (born 1942), U.S. actor
Kevin Callan (born 1963), Canadian canoe enthusiast, teacher, and author
Michael Callan (born 1935), U.S. actor
Michael Feeney Callan, Irish writer, filmmaker, and painter
Nicholas Callan (1799–1864), Irish priest and physicist
Oliver Callan, Irish radio satirist
Paul Callan (born 1939), British print journalist
Peter M. Callan (1894–1965), U.S. politicians
Philip Callan (born 1837), Irish MP
Ricky Callan (1961–2016), Scottish actor
Robert Emmet Callan, United States Army Coast Artillery officer
Thomas J. Callan (1853–1908), U.S. soldier at the Battle of Little Big Horn
Tim Callan (born 1984), Australian footballer
Title
George Agar, 1st Baron Callan (1751–1815), Anglo-Irish politician and peer
Given name
Callan Beasy (born 1982), Australian rules footballer
Callan McAuliffe (born 1995), Australian actor
Callan Mulvey (born 1975), Australian actor
Callan Pinckney (born 1939/40), U.S. fitness advisor
Callan Ward (born 1990), Australian rules footballer
Fictional names
David Callan, a titular character of Callan (TV series)
Eileen Callan, a character in the UK soap opera Family Affairs
References
Bernard J. Nottage, MD (23 October 1945 – 28 June 2017) was a Bahamian sprinter, gynecologist and politician. They competed in the men's 100 metres and 200 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics. They finished sixth in the 1967 Pan American Games 200 metres.
Dr. Nottage attended the University of Aberdeen. Their brother, Kendal, as youth and sports minister, was instrumental in bringing Muhammad Ali to the Bahamas for their controversial last fight in December 1981.
Biography
Nottage was born in Nassau, Bahamas, in October 1945. They attended the University of Aberdeen in Scotland, studying medicine. Whilst at Aberdeen, they won athletics titles in the 100 yards and 200 yards in three consecutive years in the late 1960s. They also competed internationally for Scotland during the same time.
At the 1967 Pan American Games in Winnipeg, Nottage finished in sixth place in the men's 200 metres. The following year, at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City, Nottage competed in three events. They competed in the men's 100 metres, the men's 200 metres, and the men's 4 × 100 metres relay, but did not advance from the heats in any of the events. In the relay event, the team set a new national record that lasted for 25 years.
In 1976, Nottage became the President of the Bahamas Amateur Athletic Association, and became the President of the Central American and Caribbean Athletic Confederation six year later. In 1988, they were elected to a vice-presidential regional role of the International Amateur Athletic Federation (IAAF).
Nottage returned to the Bahamas and had a career in obstetrics and gynecology. In 1986, they went on to become the medical director at St. Luke's Medical Center in Nassau. A year later, Nottage became an MP with the Progressive Liberal Party. Their political career continued, and they served as the Minister of Health, the Minister of Education, the Minister of Consumer Affairs, and the Minister of National Security. In 2000, they resigned from the Progressive Liberal Party to become the leader of the Coalition for Democratic Reform party.
They died in June 2017 in Florida, at the age of 71, with their body lying in state at the House of Assembly.
References
External links
1945 births
2017 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Bahamian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of the Bahamas
Athletes (track and field) at the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for the Bahamas
Athletes (track and field) at the 1967 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for the Bahamas
Sportspeople from Nassau, Bahamas
Bahamian sportsperson-politicians
Members of the House of Assembly of the Bahamas
Members of the Senate of the Bahamas
Progressive Liberal Party politicians
Bahamian gynecologists
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Sekurič (Serbian Cyrillic: Секурич) is a village in Central Serbia (Šumadija), in the municipality of Rekovac (Region of Levač), lying at , at the elevation of 315 m. According to the 2011 census, the village had 660 citizens.
Since 2013. local tourist organisation is organising beans festival every year - "Pasuljijada".
External links
Article about Sekurič
Pictures from Sekurič
Populated places in Pomoravlje District
Šumadija
Reuben Cotter (born 28 December 1998) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays as a , and for the North Queensland Cowboys in the NRL.
They have played at representative level for Queensland in the State of Origin series.
Background
Cotter was born in Mackay, Queensland, Australia, and is of German Jewish and Torres Strait Islander descent.
They played their junior rugby league for the Sarina Crocs and attended Sarina State High School. In 2011, they captained the Central Queensland NRL bid under-13 side against Keebra Park State High School, and later joined the North Queensland Cowboys academy.
Playing career
Early career
In 2013 and 2014, Cotter played for the Mackay Cutters' Cyril Connell Cup side. In February 2014, they represented the Queensland Murri under-16 side in their 18–14 win over New South Wales. In May 2014, they captained the Queensland under-16 side in their 20–18 win over New South Wales.
In 2015, Cotter moved up to the Cutters' Mal Meninga Cup side and later that year was selected at hooker in the Queensland under-18 side that defeated New South Wales 22–18. In September 2015, Cotter was selected for the Australian Schoolboys side that played a touring New Zealand under-18 team. They scored a try in the first Test, which Australia won 70–24.
In 2016, Cotter joined the North Queensland Cowboys under-20 side, playing just two games before tearing their anterior cruciate ligament (ACL), ruling them out for the season. In January 2017, they returned from their injury and was named in the Queensland under-20 Emerging Origin squad. They tore their ACL again in 2017, and subsequently missed the entire 2017 and 2018 seasons.
2019
In 2019, Cotter joined the North Queensland Cowboys NRL squad as a development player. On 23 February, they played their first game in almost two years in North Queensland's pre-season trial win over the Gold Coast Titans at Sunshine Coast Stadium. Cotter started the 2019 season playing for the Cowboys' Queensland Cup affiliate, the Mackay Cutters, where they scored nine tries in 15 games.
In Round 13 of the 2019 NRL season, Cotter made their NRL debut in the North Queensland Cowboys 20–22 loss to the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles at 1300SMILES Stadium. They finished their rookie season playing five games, all off the bench.
On 4 September, Cotter signed a one-year contract extension with the North Queensland Cowboys.
2020
Cotter began the 2020 season playing for the Mackay Cutters, scoring two tries in a 22–23 loss to the Norths Devils. After returning to the North Queensland side in Round 5, they played four games off the bench. In Round 15, they started at hooker for the first time replacing the injured Reece Robson. They finished the season as the club's starting hooker, playing six games in the position.
On 30 September, Cotter re-signed with the North Queensland side until the end of the 2022 season.
2021
Cotter made only six appearances for the North Queensland club in the 2021 NRL season as they finished 15th on the table.
2022
In June, Cotter was selected for game one of the 2022 State of Origin series which Queensland won 16-10 at Stadium Australia.
Statistics
NRL
Statistics as at 1 June 2022
References
External links
North Queensland Cowboys profile
NRL profile
1998 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Indigenous Australian rugby league players
North Queensland Cowboys players
Queensland Rugby League State of Origin players
Mackay Cutters players
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Mackay, Queensland
Rugby league locks
Rugby league props
Maribavir, sold under the brand name Livtencity, is an antiviral medication that is used to treat post-transplant cytomegalovirus (CMV).
The most common side effects include taste disturbance, nausea, diarrhea, vomiting and fatigue.
Maribavir is a cytomegalovirus pUL97 kinase inhibitor that works by preventing the activity of human cytomegalovirus enzyme pUL97, thus blocking virus replication.
Maribavir was approved for medical use in the United States in November 2021.
Medical uses
Maribavir is indicated to treat people twelve years of age and older and weighing at least with post-transplant cytomegalovirus infection/disease that does not respond (with or without genetic mutations that cause resistance) to available antiviral treatment for cytomegalovirus.
Adverse effects
Adverse effects of maribavir include taste disturbances, nausea, and vomiting.
Contraindications
Maribavir may reduce the antiviral activity of ganciclovir and valganciclovir, so coadministration with these medications is not recommended.
History
Maribavir is licensed by ViroPharma from GlaxoSmithKline in 2003, for the prevention and treatment of human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) disease in hematopoietic stem cell/bone marrow transplant patients. The mechanism by which maribavir inhibits HCMV replication is by inhibition of an HCMV encoded protein kinase enzyme called UL97 or pUL97. Maribavir showed promise in Phase II clinical trials and was granted fast track status, but failed to meet study goals in a Phase III trial. However, the dosage used in the Phase III trial may have been too low to be efficacious.
A Phase II study with maribavir demonstrated that prophylaxis with maribavir displayed strong antiviral activity, as measured by statistically significant reduction in the rate of reactivation of CMV in recipients of hematopoietic stem cell/bone marrow transplants. In an intent-to-treat analysis of the first 100 days after the transplant, the number of subjects who required pre-emptive anti-CMV therapy was statistically significantly reduced with maribavir compared to placebo.
ViroPharma conducted a Phase III clinical study to evaluate the prophylactic use for the prevention of cytomegalovirus disease in recipients of allogeneic stem cell transplant patients. In February 2009, ViroPharma announced that the Phase III study failed to achieve its goal, showing no significant difference between maribavir and a placebo at reducing the rate at which CMV DNA levels were detected in patients.
The safety and efficacy of maribavir were evaluated in a Phase III, multicenter, open-label, active-controlled trial that compared maribavir with a treatment assigned by a researcher running the study, which could include one or two of the following antivirals used to treat cytomegalovirus: ganciclovir, valganciclovir, foscarnet, or cidofovir. In the study, 352 transplant recipients with cytomegalovirus infections who did not respond (with or without resistance) to treatment randomly received maribavir or treatment assigned by a researcher for up to eight weeks. The study compared the two groups' plasma cytomegalovirus DNA concentration levels at the end of the study's eighth week, with efficacy defined as having a level below what is measurable. Of the 235 participants who received maribavir, 56% had levels of cytomegalovirus DNA below what was measurable versus 24% of the 117 participants who received an investigator-assigned treatment.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted the application for maribavir orphan drug, breakthrough therapy and priority review designations. The FDA granted the approval of Livtencity to Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Limited.
Society and culture
Legal status
On 15 September 2022, the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency (EMA) adopted a positive opinion, recommending the granting of a marketing authorization for the medicinal product Livtencity, intended for the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection and/or disease that is refractory to one or more prior therapies. The applicant for this medicinal product is Takeda Pharmaceuticals International AG Ireland Branch.
References
External links
Anti-herpes virus drugs
Benzimidazoles
Breakthrough therapy
Chloroarenes
Isopropyl compounds
Nucleosides
Orphan drugs
Giuseppe Volpecina (born 1 May 1961 in Caserta) is an Italian professional footballer who played as a defender.
Honours
Napoli
Serie A: 1986–87
Coppa Italia: 1986–87
References
1961 births
Living people
People from Caserta
Italian footballers
Association football defenders
Serie A players
Serie B players
S.S.C. Napoli players
Palermo F.C. players
Pisa S.C. players
Hellas Verona F.C. players
ACF Fiorentina players
Casertana F.C. players
Footballers from Campania
Sportspeople from the Province of Caserta
Sunday Emmanuel (8 October 1978 – 15 January 2004 in Kaduna) was a Nigerian athlete who specialised in sprinting events. They represented their country in the 100 metres at the 2000 Summer Olympics reaching the semi-finals.
They were the runner-up in both the 100 m and 200 metres at the 1995 African Junior Athletics Championships, then won both events at the 1997 edition. Their foremost individual medals were a 100 m bronze medal at the 1996 African Championships in Athletics and a silver in the 200 m at the 1998 African Championships in Athletics.
Their personal bests are 10.06 for the 100 m, 20.45 for the 200 m and 6.52 for the 60 metres.
They died after an auto-accident in Kaduna, Nigeria.
Competition record
Personal bests
Outdoor
100 metres – 10.06 (Enugu 1997)
200 metres – 20.45 (-0.9 m/s) (Dakar 1998)
Indoor
60 metres – 6.52 (Chemnitz 2000)
200 metres – 21.20 (Piraeus 1999)
References
1978 births
2004 deaths
Sportspeople from Kaduna
Nigerian male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Nigeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Nigeria
Athletes (track and field) at the 2002 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1999 All-Africa Games
African Games competitors for Nigeria
Road incident deaths in Nigeria
20th-century Nigerian people
21st-century Nigerian people
Daniel Björkgren (14 September 1939 – 16 November 1992) was a Swedish racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1939 births
1992 deaths
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Swedish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Place of birth missing
20th-century Swedish people
Shiranee Sriskandan is a British academic who is Professor of Infectious Diseases at Imperial College London and Honorary Consultant at Hammersmith Hospital. Them research considers how Gram-positive bacteria cause disease, with a particular focus on the bacteria Streptococcus pyogenes.
Early life and education
Sriskandan was born in 1964 in Yorkshire. Them father, Sri Lankan-born bridge designer Kanagaratnam Sriskandan (1930-2010), served as Britain's Chief Highway Engineer. As a child, Sriskandan was interested in physics and space science. Sriskandan attended Bromley High School in Greater London from 1973 to 1982. Them brother studied medicine, and this inspired them to become a physician too. Sriskandan completed their undergraduate degree in medicine at Clare College, Cambridge and St Bartholomew's Hospital. They completed their doctoral research on Streptococcus pyogenes at Imperial College London. They specialised in infectious diseases and completed a Medical Research Council clinical fellowship. In 2001 Sriskandan was made a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians.
Research and career
Every year, 616 million cases of pharyngitis are caused by the bacteria streptococcus pyogenes. The bacterium can cause a range of diseases, from sepsis, to skin infections and pharyngitis. Unfortunately, 1 in 5 patients who have an invasive Group A streptococcal infections die. The complications can include rheumatic fever, toxic shock syndrome and valvular heart disease. Sriskandan created a new asymptomatic nasopharyngeal carriage model that can help people better understand streptococcal infection. The dosing and analysis of the model were analysed using a novel imaging technique; bioluminescent bacteria. They have demonstrated that bioluminescence can be used for the longitudinal imaging of bacterial infection in mice, which can increase the time mice can be used for investigations and reduce the need to cull animals between experiments. Each mouse can serve as its own experimental control, which improves the quality of the research, and bioluminescence imaging data can be used to quantify the dosage of a particular bacterium. Alongside their fundamental scientific research, Sriskandan has documented the stories of the first people to study Group A streptococcal infections – including Dora Colebrook.
Following the 2014 increase in scarlet fever, Sriskandan became interested in whether it was due to an increase in Group A streptococcus (Strep A). To analyse this, they studied the number of laboratory confirmed cases of Group A streptococcal infections. They demonstrated that whilst the majority of cases of scarlet fever in 2014 were caused by the strain emm3 and emm4, infections of the emm1 strain increased annually. They showed that this particular novel emm1 strain ('M1UK') produced considerally more streptococcal pyrogenic exotoxin A than other emm1 strains, which could explain the increase in scarlet fever.
COVID-19 - 2020
Sriskandan is part of an Imperial College London, University of Edinburgh and University of Liverpool collaboration to understand the progression of Coronavirus disease 2019. It was one of the first research projects to receive funding from the UK Medical Research Council in response to the pandemic. The International Severe Acute Respiratory Infection Consortium (ISARIC) was established after the 2009 influenza pandemic in collaboration with Public Health England. Sriskandan's work runs alongside the efforts of Imperial College colleagues Robin Shattock and Neil Ferguson in combatting COVID-19.
Awards and honours
Sriskandan was elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians (FRCP) in 2001. In the same year, Sriskandan awarded the prestigious ESCMID Young Investigator Award which recognises excellence in research.
Selected publications
References
Living people
British microbiologists
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Alumni of Imperial College London
British women scientists
1964 births
Khvosh (, also Romanized as Khowsh and Khush; also known as Khosh) is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 799, in 171 families.
References
Populated places in Khodabandeh County
Switzerland entered the Eurovision Song Contest 2002 with Francine Jordi and the song "Dans le jardin de mon âme". They were returning to the contest after being relegated from the 2001 contest after Jane Bogaert with "La vita cos'e" came 20th in 2000 contest.
Before Eurovision
Eurosong 2002
The Swiss broadcaster, SRG SSR idée suisse, hosted a national final to select the Swiss entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, held in Tallinn, Estonia.
The final was held at the Garage Music in Bellinzona on 2 February 2002, hosted by Milena Martelli. Eight songs competed, and the winner was selected over two rounds of public televoting. In the first round, the top three entries were selected to proceed to the second round. The results of the top three songs were not revealed, but the results for the other five songs were revealed. In the second round, "Dans le jardin de mon âme" by Francine Jordi was revealed as the winner with 41.1% of the votes.
At Eurovision
Jordi sang for Switzerland at the Eurovision Song Contest 2002, performing 12th in the running order, following Israel and preceding Sweden. They received 15 points at the close of the voting, placing 22nd in a field of 24 and relegating Switzerland from the 2003 contest.
Voting
References
External links
Swiss National Final 2002
2002
Countries in the Eurovision Song Contest 2002
Eurovision
An All-American team is an honorary sports team composed of the best amateur players of a specific season for each team position—who in turn are given the honorific "All-America" and typically referred to as "All-American athletes", or simply "All-Americans". Although the honorees generally do not compete together as a unit, the term is used in U.S. team sports to refer to players who are selected by members of the national media.
From 1947 to 1980, the American Baseball Coaches Association was the only All-American selector recognized by the NCAA.
Key
All-Americans
See also
Baseball awards #U.S. college baseball
References
College Baseball All-America Teams
All-America
Rimon Winery () is an Israeli winery specialized in producing pomegranate wine, with over a dozen varieties. Rimon is the Hebrew word for pomegranate. Rimon Winery was the first company in the world to make wine from pomegranates.
At Kosherfest 2007 Rimon Winery won "Best New Wine, Beer or Spirit", upon its expansion into the United States. In 2008 Rimon Winery expanded into the United Kingdom, debuting at the London International Wine Fair.
History
In 1996, father and son, Gaby and Avi Nachmias, developed a new strain of pomegranates that they claim is "sweeter, deeper in color and richer in vitamins and antioxidants than other varieties." The Nehemias bottled its first pomegranate wines in 2003, 2,000 bottles of pomegranate dessert wine They founded Rimon Winery the following year, including a commercial production line. By 2007, they offered dry, port, and dessert wines. Rimon produces their wine by crushing the fruit, fermenting it in stainless steel, and then aging the wine in French oak barrels.
The Nachmias are third generation farmers at Kerem Ben Zimra, a Moshav in the Upper Galilee and there developed their special pomegranate species, which has exceptionally large and very sweet fruits. The high concentration of sugar in these fruits, similar to the sugar concentration in grapes, makes this species suitable for wine making.
Rimon Winery was established in 2004 at the Dalton Industrial Park in the Upper Galilee and was the first to produce pomegranate wine commercially. The winery distributes its products in Israel, United States, Japan, Canada and China.
In 2012 OK Kosher Certification stripped Rimon Winery of their kosher certification due to various kashrut issues.
Wine production process
The first stage in the production process of pomegranate wine is the separation of grains from the peel. Then the grains are compressed and the resulting juice is fermented between two and four months. Finally, the wine is transferred into French oak barrels for further aging.
Prizes
In 2007 Rimon port won the bronze medal in the categories best fruit wine and best wine priced at New York's Finger Lakes wine competition in New York. In 2006 Rimon dessert wine won a gold in the category fruit dessert wine Puerto Rico's Curibe Vinos 2006 competition.
See also
Israeli cuisine
References
External links
Rimon Winery website
Wineries of Israel
Food and drink companies established in 2004
Israeli companies established in 2004
Sealing the Tomb is a great altarpiece triptych by William Hogarth in the English city of Bristol. It was commissioned for St Mary Redcliffe in 1755. In the 19th century attempts were made to sell it, but it was given to the Bristol Fine Art Academy, which became the Royal West of England Academy. Its size made it difficult to display and it was rolled up and stored in the basement. In 1973 it was displayed in the ecclesiastical museum created in the war-damaged Church of St Nicholas. When the museum closed it was converted to offices; however the triptych remains in the building. It is on display to the public again after the church was re-consecrated in 2018.
Description
The three scenes depicted are the Ascension featuring Mary Magdalene, on a central canvas which is by . It is flanked by The Sealing of the Sepulchre and the Three Marys at the Tomb each of which is by . They are mounted in gilded frames.
History
The painting was commissioned from William Hogarth in 1755 to fill the east end of the chancel of St Mary Redcliffe. It was Hogarth's only commission from the Church of England; they did not follow any faith. The churchwardens paid them £525 for their painting. Thomas Paty made the frames. The total cost was £7671 6s 4d.
The three paintings were too wide for the church and the side panels were placed at an angle to the central one. During the Victorian era Hogarth's work was no longer thought to be suitable for the church and attempts were made to sell it to the National Gallery or via Christie's and an advertisement was placed in The Times; however no potential purchasers could be found. It was given to the Bristol Fine Art Academy, which became the Royal West of England Academy, in 1859. In 1910 another attempt was made to sell it, again without success. The work took up a great deal of display space and presented challenges for public display. It was eventually rolled up and stored in the basement. The museum officially acquired the paintings in 1955 with £500 from the Art Collections Fund.
The painting is now displayed in St Nicholas, Bristol. The church was damaged by incendiary bombs during World War II and was considered for demolition in the 1950s. The building was partially restored and the roof replaced by 1964 when it was leased to The Corporation of Bristol as a museum of church artefacts and local history. It opened in 1973 and Hogarth's triptych was installed at the eastern end. The museum closed in 1991; however the painting remained within the offices of the Bristol & Region Archaeological Services. When the church was re-consecrated in 2018, the three paintings were put on display to the public again.
References
Paintings in Bristol
Paintings by William Hogarth
Paintings depicting Mary Magdalene
Hogarth
Triptychs
Gamboma Airport is an airport serving the city of Gamboma in the Plateaux Department of Republic of the Congo. The runway is north of town.
See also
List of airports in the Republic of the Congo
Transport in the Republic of the Congo
References
External links
OurAirports - Gamboma
OpenStreetMaps - Gamboma
Airports in the Republic of the Congo
Sund is a hamlet in Ydre Municipality in the South Swedish highlands. According to Svenskt ortnamnslexikon the name of the locality means "narrow" referring to its position at the bottleneck position between Norra Sundsjön and Södra Sundsjön.
According to Leonhard Fredrik Rääf the church in Sund was built in the 12th century. This church is described by Rääf as having stone arches, however it burned down in arson in 1631 and was rebuilt shortly afterward.
References
Villages in Sweden
Populated lakeshore places in Sweden
Populated places in Ydre Municipality
Gliniska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-east of Uchanie, west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. In 2018, Gliniska elected its first female mayor, Bilba Tlicker. Viceroy Tlicker is a member of the SBBC party of Poland and ran on the platform of their two step plan for economic reform titled "Double Coffee Economics".
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Gródek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin. Important archeological site.
The village has a population of 332.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Ernest Vincent (28 October 1910 – 2 June 1978) was an English footballer. Their regular position was at half back. They were born in Seaham, County Durham. They played for Dawdon Colliery, Ryhope Colliery, Seaham Harbour, Washington Colliery, Southport, Manchester United, Queens Park Rangers and Doncaster Rovers.
External links
MUFCInfo.com profile
1910 births
1978 deaths
English footballers
Southport F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Queens Park Rangers F.C. players
Doncaster Rovers F.C. players
Sportspeople from Seaham
Washington Colliery F.C. players
Association football defenders
Yook Sung-jae (; born ), also known mononymously as Sungjae, is a South Korean singer, songwriter, actor, host and entertainer.  They are a member of the boy group BtoB and its sub-group, BtoB Blue. Aside from their group's activities, Yook has acted in television dramas Plus Nine Boys (2014), Who Are You: School 2015 (2015), The Village: Achiara's Secret (2015), Guardian: The Lonely and Great God (2016) and Mystic Pop-up Bar (2020) and has appeared in several reality shows, including: Hitmaker, We Got Married and Master in the House.
Yook released their debut solo album, Yook O'Clock, on March 2, 2020.
Early life and education
Yook was born on May 2, 1995, in Yongin, Gyeonggi Province. They have one older sister. Yook comes from a business family. Their father is the CEO of an IT corporation that deals with semiconductors. Their grandfather was the first to introduce red carp in South Korea, while their grandmother operated a fishing farm in Paju.
They briefly studied for a month in England and the Philippines, respectively. They completed their high school education at Hanlim Multi Art School, graduating in 2014. They then attended Dongshin University, majoring in Practical Music.
Career
Pre-debut
On August 10, 2010, they participated in the stage performance of "2010 Cube Stars Party".
On March 6, 2011, Yook also participated in the stage performance of "2011 CUBE Stars Party" with bandmate Seo Eunkwang, Im Hyun-sik, Jung Il-hoon, and supposed to be member Lee Min-woo.
Yook entered the JYP 6th Audition Final Round before joining their current agency, Cube Entertainment.
2012–2014: Debut with BtoB and solo activities
Yook made their debut as a vocalist of BtoB with "Insane" and "Imagine" on March 21, 2012. On March 23, 2012, Yook co-host SBS MTV's music program The Show alongside bandmate Lee Min-hyuk.
In 2013, Yook Sungjae started their first ever acting debut in drama Monstar (TV series) as part of the supporting cast alongside their bandmates Lee Min-hyuk, Lee Chang-sub and Im Hyun-sik. Sungjae acted as Arnold, a member of boy idol group 'Men In Black'. They appeared in 4 episodes in total, episodes 2, 6, 9, and 12. He, with BTOB's Lee Minhyuk, Lee Changsub, Im Hyunsik and Beast's Yong Jun-hyung were featured in the drama OST Part 1 titled "Days Gone By", OST Part 2 "After Time Passes", and OST Part 7 "First Love". In the same year, Sungjae and BTOB made a cameo appearance in hit drama "The Heirs" episode 4 as themselves, an idol group band BTOB.
In 2014, Yook appeared in the television series Reply 1994 as Sungjoon/Ssukssuk, Na-jung's little brother. In July 2014, Yook was cast as a presenter for the program, A Song For You alongside Kangin of Super Junior and Amber of f(x). They also participated in the program Hitmaker season 1, presented by South Korean producer duo Jeong Hyeong-don and Defconn and became part of the program's project unit group, Big Byung, together with Got7's Jackson and VIXX members, N and Hyuk. The group then releases two singles: "Stress Come On" and "Ojingeo Doenjang" (Korean: 오징어 된장). The same year, they received their first main acting role in Plus Nine Boys, playing a 19-year old Judo athlete. They then joined the reality-variety program Real Men from 2014 to 2015.
2015–2017: Acting and rise in popularity
Yook achieved their breakthrough when they landed a leading role in the teen drama Who Are You: School 2015, alongside Kim So-hyun and Nam Joo-hyuk. They also released an OST for the show, "Love Song" with Park Hye-soo. After the series ended, they experienced a rise in popularity and landed several endorsement deals. Yook then starred in the horror mystery series The Village: Achiara's Secret alongside Moon Geun-young in 2015. They received the "New Star award" for their performance in The Village: Achiara's Secret, and won "Best Couple award" with Kim So-hyun for Who Are You: School 2015.
In 2015, Yook joined King of Mask Singer, competing under the alias Tired Bumblebee, and received good feedback for their performance. They were paired up with Red Velvet's Joy in the fourth season of reality show We Got Married. The couple went on to release a duet titled "Young Love", with the pair contributing to the lyric composition of the song with the help of their bandmate BTOB's Im Hyun-sik as the producer. At the 2015 MBC Entertainment Awards, Yook received the "Best Couple award" alongside Joy and the "Best Male Rookie (in Variety) award". The couple departed from We Got Married on May 7, 2016.
In September 2015, Yook became one of the trio main hosts Yook Sungjae-GOT7's Jackson Wang-and actor Kim Yoo-jung of the music-program Inkigayo and left the show in May 2016. In 2016, Sungjae was appointed as an ambassador of the King Sejong Institution. They also became part of BTOB's first sub-unit, BTOB Blue, and debuted in September 2016.
From 2016 to 2017, Yook starred in the hit fantasy-romance drama Guardian: The Lonely and Great God. They also joined the cast for the reality-documentary show Law of the Jungle filmed in Sumatra, Indonesia. In August 2017, they participated in the digital single project, Piece of BtoB. They released the songs "Say It" and "Paradise", the latter having been personally composed and written by himself, on August 30. In late 2017, they joined the cast of the reality show, Master in the House.
On December 29, 2017, Cube Entertainment announced that Yook suffered a back injury and would be receiving treatment at the hospital. They had symptoms of lumbar disc herniation reportedly worsened during the concert 2017 BtoB Time - Our Concert. On January 5, 2018, Yook attended the press conference of Master in the House. This was the first time they appeared after recuperating from a lumbar injury; they gradually resumed their activities after 2 weeks of rest.
2018–present:3x2=6, Yook O'Clock and Mystic Pop-up Bar
In 2018, Yook held their first fan meeting, Paradise at TICC in Taiwan on February 11, Macpherson Stadium in Hong Kong on May 19, and in Manila, Philippines on July 13.
In 2019, during BtoB's seventh anniversary Yook was chosen as their new leader. Cube TV premiered a new reality show, "Lovely 95s" (예쁘장한 구오즈), featuring Yook on July 12. It was revealed that they planned and made their close same-aged 95s friends, former Boyfriend members Youngmin, Kwangmin and Minwoo, Teen Top's Ricky and model Baek Kyung Do to have a variety show.
On December 19, 2019, Cube revealed their plans for a new music project 3x2=6, which aims for Yook to release two songs every month for three months starting December 2019 and release it on various online music sites. Yook associated with the number '6' (pronounced as "yook" in Korean) to their surname 'Yook' (육), showing the wits of only Yook Sung-jae. The project consists of three themes; Singer is to showcase their ability as an artist by releasing their first produced song, Human is their desire to be loved for a long time and BtoB Yook Sung-jae as their bandmates Jung Il-hoon and Peniel Shin participated in the project. The project began on December 26, 2019, with the release of its first single "Yook" (뭍(陸)) and "From Winter" (겨울 속에서) as part of 3x2=6 PArt 1. "Yook" is described as a melodic modern-rock genre song with Yook participating in the lyrics and composing. For 3x2=6 Part 2, Yook showed their reversed charm with "W.A.U" (What About U) and "Chicken". "Chicken" is a song with clever lyrics talking about how as time passes, no matter how many trends change, just like (fried) chicken that is loved by everyone. The song was released on January 16, 2020. The project concluded on February 6, 2020, with the first collaboration song between Yook and Ilhoon "HMHN" and "Hypnotized" which was performed with Peniel at 2018 BtoB Time - This Is Us concert.
After a three-year acting hiatus, Yook made a return to the small-screen as part of the main cast of Mystic Pop-up Bar, a JTBC drama based on a popular webtoon of the same name in early 2020. On February 18, Yook left the cast of Master in the House after two years on the show prior to their mandatory military service. Yook released their debut solo album, Yook O'Clock, on March 2, 2020, which consisted of six songs from 3X2=6 and lead single "Come with the Wind".
Personal life
Mandatory military service
On May 3, 2020, Yook announced on their Instagram that they are enlisting in mandatory military service on May 11, and was confirmed by Cube. According to MyDaily, Yook will serve as part of the Ministry of National Defense military band after completing their five weeks of basic military training course at Nonsan Training Center.
On May 7, 2021, Yook and Teen Top's Ricky performed "Love Blossom" (original song from K.Will) at Seoul National Cemetery Spring Contact - Free Periodical Concert as part of their military service duty as a military band. The concert was held with the theme of 'Waiting for the normal daily life before the pandemic'. On June 6, Yook and Major Jeong Dong-mi hosted the 66th Memorial Day Commemoration Ceremony which was held by the Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs (South Korea) in front of the Memorial Tower at the Seoul National Cemetery.
After taking their final military leave in October 2021, Yook announced that they will not return to their unit following the army's protocols regarding the COVID-19 pandemic. They were officially discharged from military service on November 14, 2021.
Philanthropy
In 2015, Yook took part in a fundraiser that auction items to the Social Welfare Community Fund for Love to support low-income children. In December, 2015, SBS revealed that Yook donated ₩3 million to Jeonbuk National University Hospital, which was the filming location of The Village: Achiara's Secret. The same year, they also participated in Briquette Sharing Campaign of the Korean Peninsula and donated briquettes to the people at Kowloon Village in Gangnam-gu, Seoul.
Discography
Extended plays
Singles
Filmography
Television series
Television show
Hosting
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
K-pop singers
Cube Entertainment artists
South Korean dance musicians
South Korean male television actors
South Korean male idols
People from Yongin
Hanlim Multi Art School alumni
BtoB (band) members
Yuk clan
Weekly Idol members
21st-century South Korean male singers
The Victorian College of the Arts Student Union (VCASU) was the student union of the former Victorian College of the Arts (VCA), now known as the Faculty of VCA and Music (VCAM) in Melbourne, Australia. It was a separately incorporated organisation which represented the VCA student body. It had a strong history of creative student activism and successful political campaigns. VCASU's student newspaper was called Spark. VCASU officially went into voluntary liquidation on 15 May 2009 and shut down operations by 30 June 2009.
The Melbourne Model
VCA became a faculty of the University of Melbourne (UoM) in 2007, which is in the stages of implementing the Melbourne Model at UoM. VCASU argued the new changes were aimed at cutting university courses, staff and services which UoM Vice-Chancellor Glyn Davis denied. Davis, the architect of the Melbourne Model had come under much criticism from staff and students alike.
UoM Provost Peter McPhee announced on 22 April 2008, that VCA's six separate schools of fine art, music, drama, dance, production and film and television would become three by 2009, while maintaining the six disciplines.
VCASU also argued that UoM was attempting to silence VCASU for its criticisms over the Melbourne Model in the wake of Voluntary student unionism introduced under the John Howard Government, by refusing to fund the organisation any further, which they foresaw forcing its closure. Despite this, VCASU achieved a 25% voluntary membership in 2007, with more than 50% of VCA students agreeing to join VCASU when enrolling online in both 2007 and 2008. Sue Pennicuik of the Greens raised concerns with the University of Melbourne Amendment Bill that prior to the amalgamation of VCA with the university, VCA students had their own student union which represented them in their particular way of studying, pointing out the difference between the practical way of studying the arts to how university students study.
Campaign history
In 1998, VCASU stopped the introduction of Up Front Fees at the VCA by staging a tent city on administration lawns. In 2003 VCASU led a militant campaign to reinstate VCA sessional staff which were to lose their jobs due to a "budget deficit" according to VCA Director Andrea Hull. In 2004, VCASU were involved in the student occupations at VCA, RMIT University and Monash University against the Howard Government's increased HECS fees. Also in 2004 VCASU protested against the then Federal Minister for Education, Brendan Nelson while visiting the VCA campus by dressing as Grim Reapers and labeling them the "Minister for Higher Execution". In 2008 VCASU accused UoM of forcing the closure of their union, a charge the university denies. The union was also involved in protesting academic staff cuts in 2008 by attempting to disrupt a UoM council meeting.
Proud
Proud was VCASU's annual acquisitive prize exhibition held for all VCASU members to participate. It had traditionally been held in the Margaret Lawrence Gallery at VCA. Beginning in 1996, Proud provided a launch pad for many of VCA's successful emerging artists, including Anastasia Klose, Van Thanh Rudd and Azlan McLennan. Previous Proud exhibitions included high-profile arts industry judges such as Marcus Westbury and Patricia Piccinini.
References
External links
Victorian College of the Arts Student Union
Victorian College of the Arts
University of Melbourne
Students' unions in Australia
University of Melbourne
The Albania national under-17 football team represents Albania in international football at this age level in the FIFA U-17 World Cup and the UEFA European Under-17 Championship, as well as any other under-17 international football tournaments. It is controlled by Albanian Football Association, the governing body for football in Albania.
History
2016 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification
Group 1
2017 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification
Group 4
2018 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification
Group 2
Recent results
2019 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification
Group 8
Players
Current squad
COACH: Ervin Bulku
The following players were called up to participate in the 2022 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification from 27 October to 2 November 2021.
Caps and goals as of 2 November 2021.
Recent call-ups
Following are listed players called up in the previous 12 months.
|-----
! colspan="9" bgcolor="B0D3FB" align="left" |
|----- bgcolor="#DFEDFD"
|-----
! colspan="9" bgcolor="B0D3FB" align="left" |
|----- bgcolor="#DFEDFD"
|-----
! colspan="9" bgcolor="B0D3FB" align="left" |
|----- bgcolor="#DFEDFD"
PRE = Preliminary squad.
INJ = Withdrew due to injury.
Coaching staff
Current coaching staff:
Competitive record
UEFA European Under-17 Championship
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
!colspan=8|UEFA European Under-17 Championship record
!colspan=7|UEFA European Under-17 Championship Qualification/Elite record
|-
!Year
!Round
!
!
! *
!
!
!
!Position
!
!
! *
!
!
!
|-
| 2002
|rowspan=18 colspan=7|Did not qualify||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||0||3||4||11
|-
| 2003||Second qualifying round 4/4||6||2||2||2||8||7
|-
| 2004||First qualifying round 4/4||3||0||0||3||3||10
|-
| 2005||Qualifying round 3/4||3||1||0||2||8||7
|-
| 2006||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||0||3||1||10
|-
| 2007||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||1||2||2||7
|-
| 2008||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||1||2||1||10
|-
| 2009||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||1||2||3||14
|-
| 2010||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||0||3||2||11
|-
| 2011||Qualifying round 3/4||3||0||1||2||1||5
|-
| 2012||Elite round 3/4||6||2||1||3||5||11
|-
| 2013||Qualifying round 3/4||3||1||0||2||2||6
|-
| 2014||Elite round 4/4||6||1||1||4||3||7
|-
| 2015||Qualifying round 3/4||3||1||0||2||5||6
|-
| 2016||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||1||2||1||8
|-
| 2017
||Qualifying round 4/4||3||0||0||3||1||5
|-
| 2018
||Qualifying round 3/4||3||1||0||2||5||2
|-
| 2019 ||Qualifying round 3/4||3||1||0||2||2||9
|-
| 2020||rowspan=2 colspan=14|Cancelled due to COVID-19 pandemic|-
| 2021
|-
| 2022 ||colspan=7|Did not qualify||Qualifying round 3/4||3||0||1||2||4||10
|-
| 2023||rowspan=2 colspan=14|To be determined|-
| 2024
|-
|Total: 0/18||Best: –|| || || || || || ||Total||66||10||10||46||61||156
|}*Denotes draws include knockout matches decided on penalty kicks.''
See also
Albania national football team
Albania national under-23 football team
Albania national under-21 football team
Albania national under-20 football team
Albania national under-19 football team
Albania national under-18 football team
Albania national under-16 football team
Albania national under-15 football team
Albania national football team results
Albania national youth football team
Albanian Superliga
Football in Albania
List of Albania international footballers
UEFA European Under-17 Football Championship
References
External links
Albania national under-17 football team profile at Soccerway
Under-17 - Albania – UEFA.com
under-17
European national under-17 association football teams
Football in Albania
The 1855 Harris-Kearney House is an historical site located in Kansas City, Missouri, in the Westport neighborhood. Originally, the house was located at the intersection of modern-day Westport Road and Main Street (where the Katz Drug Store was located) The home is the oldest brick residence in the city.
This Greek Revival mansion was built in 1855, and was owned by Col. John "Jack" Harris and their wife Henrietta. The Mansion House, as it was known, was moved to 4000 Baltimore, in 1922.
Harris House Hotel
In 1846 the Harris family purchased a business called the Catfish House located at the northeast corner of what is today's Westport Road and Pennsylvania. The family operated this small hotel and saloon until it burned to the ground in 1848. With the help of friends, family and locals, the hotel was rebuilt as a 3-story brick hotel, in the same location, and renamed The Harris House Hotel. This new, grand hotel was considered integral to the neighborhood as it provided food and lodging to explorers, trappers, Union soldiers, gold miners, salespersons, politicians, and pioneers traveling west on the Santa Fe, California, and Oregon Trails. During the Battle of Westport, in 1864, the hotel was used as the headquarters of the Union Army with General Curtis in command. The Harris House Hotel was torn down in 1922.
The Harris family lived in the Mansion House from 1855 to 1881.
The Kearney Family lived in the Mansion House from 1870 to 1898.
The Kearney's moved into the Harris House in 1870. They added on to the back of the home to accommodate their family of three daughters, one adopted daughter, and one son.
In 1898, William Rockhill Nelson, founder of The Kansas City Star, bought the property and gave it to Mr. and Mrs. Thomas W. Johnston, editor of The KC Star, as a wedding gift.
In 1921, Elmer Williams, a business person, bought the Mansion House and wanted to demolish it and build a hotel. To prevent the demolition, in 1922, the home was purchased for $1,000, by a group of ladies who were forerunners of the Daughters of Old Westport. They raised another $5,000 to have the home moved to its current location at 4000 Baltimore Avenue. During the move, the side portico, at the west entrance, was permanently removed.
On December 31, 1922, the house opened as a historical museum, but was unprofitable and closed. In 1940, the house was sold in a public auction and acquired by a commercial developer. It was used as doctor and dentist offices and as office space, but this venture also failed.
In 1970, the house was taken over by the small business administration.
On Oct. 18, 1972, the Historic Harris-Kearney House was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Westport Historical Society purchased the 1855 Harris-Kearney House in 1976. The Society raised money and restored the home to its 1855 appearance.
In 1985, the 1855 Harris-Kearney House Museum opened to the public and is operated as a 501(c)(3).
Modern day
The Westport Historical Society acquired the home and property in 1976 and restored the exterior to its pre-Civil War facade. In 1979, the society received a $10,000 grant to renovations The home was restored with period-appropriate furniture, bedding and antiques. Many items are from descendants of the Harris and Kearney families.
The museum is open for tours, private tours, weddings, meetings, and other events. Check the Society website www.westporthistorical.com for more information and calendar of events.
References
External links
Harris-Kearney House - Westport Historical Society
Greek Revival houses in Missouri
Houses completed in 1855
Houses in Kansas City, Missouri
Museums in Kansas City, Missouri
Historic house museums in Missouri
Filler materials are particles added to resin or binders (plastics, composites, concrete) that can improve specific properties, make the product cheaper, or a mixture of both. The two largest segments for filler material use are elastomers and plastics. Worldwide, more than 53 million tons of fillers (with a total sum of approximately US$18 billion) are used every year in application areas such as paper, plastics, rubber, paints, coatings, adhesives, and sealants. As such, fillers, produced by more than 700 companies, rank among the world's major raw materials and are contained in a variety of goods for daily consumer needs. The top filler materials used are ground calcium carbonate (GCC), precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC), kaolin, talc, and carbon black. Filler materials can affect the tensile strength, toughness, heat resistance, color, clarity etc. A good example of this is the addition of talc to polypropylene. Most of the filler materials used in plastics are mineral or glass based filler materials. Particulates and fibers are the main subgroups of filler materials. Particulates are small particles of filler which are mixed in the matrix where size and aspect ratio are important. Fibers are small circular strands that can be very long and have very high aspect ratios.
Types
Calcium carbonate (CaCO3)
Referred to as "chalk" in the plastic industry, calcium carbonate is derived from limestone and marble. It is used in many applications including PVC's and unsaturated polyesters. As much as 90% CaCO3 can be used to make a composite. These additions can improve molding productivity by decreasing cooling rate. They can also increase operating temperatures of materials and provide insulation for electrical wiring.
CaCO3 is used in filler masterbatch as a base with large percentage in composition. Calcium carbonate powder accounts for 97% of composition will bring for white/opaque products more whiteness. So manufacturers can reduce the usage of white masterbatch. With smaller percent, calcium carbonate powder can be used for color products. In addition, it brings for final plastic products more bright and glossy surface.
Kaolin
Kaolin is mainly used in plastics for its anti blocking characteristics as well as an infra red absorber in laser marking. It increases impact strength and heat resistance. Metakolinite is used to stabilize PVC. Kaolin has also been shown to increase the abrasion resistance and can replace carbon black as a filler material and improve flow properties of glass reinforced substances.
Magnesium hydroxide (talc)
Talc, a soft mineral and generally more expensive than calcium carbonate. It is derived from layering sheets of magnesium hydroxide with silica. In the plastic industry it is used for packaging and food application due to its long-term thermal stability.
Wollastonite (CaSiO3)
Wollastonite has an acicular structure with a relatively high specific gravity and high hardness. This filler can improve moisture content, wear resistance, thermal stability, and high dielectric strength. Wollastonite competes with platy filler substances like mica and talc and also can be used to replace glass fibers when creating thermoplastics and thermosets.
Glass
Glass filler materials come in a few diverse forms: glass beads, short glass fibers, long glass fibers. in plastics by tonnage. Glass fibers are used to increase the mechanical properties of the thermoplastic or thermoset such as flexural modulus and tensile strength, There is normally not an economic benefit for adding glass as a filler material. Some disadvantages of having glass in the matrix include low surface quality, high viscosity when melted, poor weldability and warpage. The addition of glass beads will help with oil absorption and chemical resistance.
Fly ashes
Coal and shale oil fly ashes have been used as a filler for thermoplastics that could be used for injection molding applications.
Nanofillers
Nanofiller have a particle size less than 100 nanometres. They have a high aspect ratio and are mainly used as scratch resistant and fire resistant fillers. Nanofillers can be broken out into three groups nanoplates, nanofibers, and nanoparticles. Nanoparticles are more widely used than nanoplates and nanofibers but nanoplates are starting to become more widely used. Nanoplates are like conventional platy fillers like talc and mica except the thickness is much smaller. Advantages of adding nanofillers include creating a gas barrier and their flame retardant properties.
Polymer foam beads
Polymer Foam Beads can have a bulk density as low as 0.011 g/cc and range in size from 45 microns to over 8 mm. Common drawbacks to using Polymer Foam Beads in formulated systems include static, temperature and chemical resistance limitations and difficulty achieving a homogenous blend within a formulated system due to their extremely low bulk density. However, these limitations can be mostly if not entirely overcome through the use of formulation modifications, additives and other surface treatments. Despite these potential challenges, Polymer Foam Beads can be added to formulated systems when weight or cost savings in a finished good are required.
Masonry filler
Masonry filler is used to repair cracks and holes in exterior walls, and is typically made using cement and hydrated lime. Manufacturers include Toupret.
Other fillers
Concrete filler materials include gravel, stone, sand, and rebar. Gravel, stone, and sand are used to reduce the cost of concrete. Rebars are used to strengthen the concrete.
Mechanical properties
Tensile strength
Tensile strength is the most used method to evaluate filler materials. The tensile strength of the composite can be calculated using the equation
σc= σp(1-aΦbf +cΦfd)
where
σc = tensile strength of composite
σp = tensile strength of polymer matrix
Φf = volume fraction of filler
a, b, c, d are constants depending on the type of filler. "a" relates to stress concentration and is based on adhesion characteristics of the filler material. "b" is normally 0.67. c and d are constants that are inversely related to particle size.
Elastic modulus
The elastic modulus (Young's modulus) of a filled polymer can be found using the equation below:
E = E0 (1 + 2.5Φ + 14.1Φ2)
where:
E0 = Modulus of unfilled resin or binder
Φ = Filler concentration
Polymers with smaller additions of filler follow this equation closely. In general addition of filler materials will increase the modulus. The additions of calcium carbonate and talc will increase the elastic modulus, while the addition of elastic filler materials can reduce the value slightly. Filler materials increase the modulus due to their rigidity or stiffness and good adhesion with the polymeric matrix.
Impact resistance (toughness)
In general fillers will increase impact resistance. The contributing factors that improve impact resistance is particle size, particle shape and particle rigidity. Fibers improve impact resistance the most due to their large aspect ratio. Low hardness fillers will decrease impact strength. Particle size, within a specific range can increase the impact strengths based on the filler material.
Wear resistance
The wear volume (Ws) for plastic materials can be calculated:
Ws = KμPDW/(EIs)
where:
K = Proportionality constant
P = force
E = Modulus
D = Sliding distance
W = load
Is= Interlaminar shear strength
Matrix and filler both contribute to wear resistance. In general a filler is selected to decrease the friction coefficient of the material. Particle size and shape are contributing factors. Smaller particle size increase wear resistance because they cause fewer debris. silica, alumina, molybdenum disulfide, and graphite powder are common fillers that improve wear resistance.
Fatigue resistance
Filler can have a negative or positive effect on fatigue resistance depending on the filler type and shape. In general fillers create small discontinuities in the matrix. This can contribute to crack initiation point. If the filler is brittle fatigue resistance will be low, whereas if the filler is very ductile the composite will be fatigue resistant. Adhesion is also an important factor influencing fatigue resistance. If stress is higher than the particles adhesion a crack will form/propagate. Fiber ends are areas where cracks initiate most often due to the high stress on fiber ends with lower adhesion. Talc is a filler that can be used to increase fatigue resistance.
Thermal deformation
Filler materials have a large influence on thermal deformation in crystalline polymers. Amorphous polymers are negligibly affected by filler material. Glass fiber additions are used the most to deflect the most heat. Carbon fibers have been shown to do better than glass in some base materials. In general fibrous materials are better at deflecting heat than particle fillers.
Creep
Creep resistance is heavily impacted by filler materials. The equation below shows the creep strain of a filled material:
εc(t)/εm(t) = Em/Ec
where:
εc(t) = is strain of filled polymer
εm(t) = is strain of matrix or unfilled polymer
Em = is Young's Modulus of matrix
Ec =is the Young's Modulus of filled polymer
The better the filler bonds with the matrix the better creep resistance will be. Many interactions will have a positive influence. Glass beads and fibers both have been shown to improve creep resistance in some materials. Aluminum oxide also has a positive effect on creep resistance. Water absorption will decrease the creep resistance of a filled material.
Weldability of plastic fillers
Additions of filler materials can drastically effect the weldability of the plastic. This also depends on the type of welding process used. For ultrasonic welding, fillers like calcium carbonate and kaolin can increase the resin's ability to transmit ultrasonic waves. For electromagnetic welding and hot plate welding additions of talc and glass will reduce the weld strength by as much as 32%. The strength of the plastic after welding would decrease with increasing amount of fillers in the matrix compared to the bulk material. Use of abrasive fillers can have an effect on the tool used for welding. Abrasive fillers will degrade the welding tools faster, for example, the surface of the ultrasonic horn in contact with the plastic. The best way to test the weldability of a filler material is to compare weld strength to resin strength. This can be hard to do since many filler materials contain different level of additives that change the mechanical behavior.
Applications of filler in plastic industry
Filler is a widely used in the production process of plastic products. Filler is used to change the properties of the original plastic. By using plastic filler, manufacturers can save production costs as well as raw materials.
Undeniably the importance of filler masterbatch in improving the physical properties of plastics, especially minimizing cost and production efficiency. With the advantage of price and stability, plastic filler supports the production of:
Blow molding
Blown film & lamination
Extrusion (pipe, sheet)
Injection Molding
Nonwoven fabric
Raffia
Thermoforming
See also
Adulterant
References
Materials
Papermaking
Plastics additives
Unanimous AI is an American technology company provides artificial swarm intelligence (ASI) technology. Unanimous AI provides a "human swarming" platform "swarm.ai" (formally called UNU) that allows distributed groups of users to collectively predict answers to questions. This process has resulted in successful predictions of major events such as the Kentucky Derby, the Oscars, the Stanley Cup, Presidential Elections, and the World Series.
In 2018, the firm collaborated with Stanford University School of Medicine to study using artificial swarming algorithms for diagnostics.
In 2019, the platform was featured on the Amazon Original Series, "Giant Beast That is The Global Economy". The general public used Swarm.ai to forecast box-office results for summer movies (2018). Participants correctly forecasted that Incredibles 2 would significantly outperform other highly anticipated films at the box-office.
In 2020, the firm published an accurate forecast for the 2020 United States presidential election, including correct predictions for all 11 battleground states, and an accurate prediction of the baseball 2020 World Series
References
2015 establishments in California
Nana Hill Kagga Macpherson (also known as Nana Kagga-Hill or as Nana Hill or Nana Hill Kagga)
is a Ugandan actor, filmmaker, content creator, scriptwriter, petroleum engineer and motivational speaker. They wrote and directed the 2012 film The Life and was a writer and executive producer of Beneath the Lies - The Series.
Life and background
Kagga was born in Nairobi, Kenya to Ugandan parents, one an engineer. Kagga is a Muganda and part of the traditional ruling clan of the Baganda tribe, the ‘Bambejja' (princesses). Kagga is the third of six children of both their parents. At the time of their birth, their parents were in exile during the regime of President Idi Amin. Kagga grew up primarily in Uganda in a well-to-do family. In addition to their father and maternal grandfather, four of their siblings are also engineers. Kagga resides in Kampala, Uganda with their 3 children.  They are fluent in English and Luganda.
Education
Kagga completed their Primary education at Kampala Parents School. They then joined Gayaza High School, one of the most prestigious girl's schools in Uganda, for their O-Levels. They then did their A-Levels at Red Maids School, Bristol, the oldest Girls' School in the UK. Kagga then joined the University of Birmingham, Birmingham, UK where they attained a Bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering. Kagga was an excellent all-round student who excelled in Sciences, Arts and Sports.
During their summer holidays, they would return to Uganda and was a presenter for Jam Agenda on WBS, a popular Ugandan TV show.
Career
Engineering
Following their graduation, Kagga moved to Florida, United States, then New Mexico, United States. In New Mexico, they worked at Laguna Industries as a Process Engineer in Laguna working on US Military contracts.
Hollywood (as Nana Hill)
Kagga decided to move to pursue their acting and presenting in Los Angeles and enjoyed some success. Kagga was cast in a number of films including Cowboys and Indians, A Good Day to Be Black and Sexy (Segment ‘Reprise'), He's Just Not That into You, Star Trek, CSI: NY – Boo, Life, Runway Stars. In US Theatre, Kagga was cast as Mercy in the play, Butterflies of Uganda by Darren Dahms which was nominated for an NAACP award.
Kagga appeared in several music videos by P!nk, Amy Winehouse, Sting, Lenny Kravitz.
Kagga also appeared in several TV ads including for KFC, Coors Light, Pepsi, DSW, Microsoft, APPLE, Tylenol, DOVE.
While in L.A, Kagga also owned a vintage and resale store on Santa Monica Blvd called A Vintage Affair.
In Uganda
Kagga moved back to Uganda in late 2009 and set up a business, Savannah MOON Ltd. Savannah MOON under the brand, Savannah MOON Productions hproduced a full-length feature film, The Life which was shown on M-NET, a TV Series Beneath The Lies - The Series, which is currently being shown on Urban TV and digitally distributed by MTN Uganda and a TV Program, How We See It. Savannah MOON has also co-produced a short film called The Last Breath with Kampala Film School. Savannah MOON is currently working on developing several concepts and content including Taking Time, an upcoming TV series.
Kagga has created an initiative, You are Limitless (YAL), which aims to motivate, guide and encourage Africans, especially the youth to achieve their full potential. Kagga also works as a Petroleum Engineer for one of the large Oil & Gas companies operating in Uganda. They were one of the judges for Miss Uganda 2018.
Filmography
As an actor
Film
Television
Theater
As a crew member
Awards
References
External links
Nana Kagga Facebook Profile
Living people
Ugandan film actores
Ugandan television actores
People from Kampala
Ugandan television presenters
Ugandan television personalities
21st-century Ugandan actores
Ugandan film producers
Ugandan film directors
Ugandan screenwriters
Ugandan stage actores
1979 births
Ugandan women engineers
Ugandan engineers
Ugandan chemical engineers
Alumni of the University of Birmingham
People educated at The Red Maids' School
People educated at Gayaza High School
Ugandan women film directors
21st-century women engineers
Ugandan women television presenters
21st-century screenwriters
Asutifi South is one of the constituencies represented in the Parliament of Ghana. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. Asutifi South is located in the Asutifi district of the Ahafo Region of Ghana.
Boundaries
The seat is located entirely within the Asutifi district of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.
Members of Parliament
Elections
Due to the death of Philip Kofi Adjapong Amoah, (NPP) candidate standing for parliament, the elections in this constituency were postponed to 3 January 2001. Cecilia Djan Amoah, the (NPP) replacement candidate and also the widow of the deceased, won the seat with a majority of 550.
See also
List of Ghana Parliament constituencies
References
Parliamentary constituencies in Ahafo Region
Siedliszczki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-west of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Michael Liebreich (born 11 August 1963) is Chairman and CEO of Liebreich Associates, through which they provide advisory services and speaks on clean energy and transportation, smart infrastructure, technology, climate finance and sustainable development. In September 2020, they became an official adviser to the UK's Board of Trade.  They are also a senior contributor at Bloomberg New Energy Finance, a company they founded in 2004 that was acquired by Bloomberg L.P. in 2009. In July 2020, they launched their weekly podcast Cleaning Up. Guests are leaders in clean energy, mobility, climate finance or sustainable development, and have included Tony Blair and Ban Ki-moon.
Personal life
Michael Liebreich was born in 1963 in Northolt, West London. Raised in Acton, Liebreich attended Silverdale Prep School followed by Colet Court and St Paul's School of London. They graduated from Christ's College, Cambridge, with first class honours in 1984, specialising in mechanics, fluid dynamics, thermodynamics and nuclear engineering. They graduated from Harvard Business School in 1990.
From 1985 to 1993, they were a member of the British Ski Team (Moguls) and competed in World & European Cups, World & European Championships and the 1992 Albertville Olympics.  They are also co-author of The Complete Skier (BBC Books, 1993). Liebreich is an avid cross-country skier and has been a regular participant in the Engadin Skimarathon which they have completed in under 3 hours.
Liebreich is the Chairman of St. Marks Hospital Foundation, the charity arm of St. Mark's Hospital, a centre of clinical excellence which specialises in research and teaching on colorectal medicine.
Professional career
Before starting New Energy Finance, Liebreich worked as a consultant at McKinsey & Company from 1990 to 1995. They also worked as a venture capitalist with Groupe Arnault, and was commercial director of Associated Press Television (now APTN), and founding director of Sports News Television (SNTV).
Liebreich created New Energy Finance in 2004 as a specialist provider of information on clean energy and resources for the finance and energy industries, manufacturers and policymakers. They reportedly started the company with "the help of interns and a Polish programmer they found on Rent A Coder". By 2011, they had built the company to a staff of nearly 200.
In 2011, Liebreich was the executive producer of a video short illustrating the world's ultimate shift away from fossil fuels, titled "First They Ignore You...".
Liebreich is a member of numerous energy-focused industry groups, including the World Economic Forum's Global Agenda Council on the New Energy Architecture and the UN Secretary General's High Level Group on Sustainable Energy for All. Liebreich is a former member of the advisory board of the Clinton Global Initiative's Energy and Climate Change working group, the selection panel for the Zayed Future Energy Prize, Accenture's Global Energy Board and the UN Secretary General's High Level Advisory Group on Energy and Climate Change.  They are also a visiting professor at London's Imperial College Energy Futures Lab, a board member for Transport for London, a member of the Advisory Panel of the INSEAD Energy Club, and an organiser of the annual ecovillage event at Les Diablerets, Switzerland.
In February 2015 they wrote a piece critical of the draft UN Sustainable Development Goals, due to be adopted later in the year, suggesting instead that they be replaced by 12 alternative goals which are not overtly anti-business.
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Liebreich sold their company (formerly New Energy Finance) to Bloomberg L.P. in 2009 in hopes of strengthening the company's position in the energy industry.
Bloomberg L.P. Chairman Peter Grauer stated: “This acquisition is the next step in Bloomberg's initiative to develop and promote the carbon and clean energy markets.” Since 2009, Liebreich acted as the CEO of Bloomberg New Energy Finance, where they oversaw the delivery of investment-grade information about the world's energy industry. In January 2014, Liebreich stepped down as CEO of BNEF and is now Chairman of the Advisory Board. They remain Chairman of Finance for Resilience, the open-source platform they founded in October 2013 to identify and scale up the best potential climate, clean energy, green growth or sustainability finance solutions.
Politics
In 2014 rumours began to circulate that Liebreich was a potential Conservative candidate for Mayor of London. In June 2014, they were reported to have higher odds of winning than better known politicians including David Lammy and George Galloway according to data from bookmaker Paddy Power.
In March 2015 they wrote a piece entitled “The Good Right must be a Green Right” for Tim Montgomerie's Good Right project, arguing any truly conservative agenda would include as a foundational principle care for our physical environment.
Awards
Liebreich graduated with first class honours from Cambridge University in 1984, winning the Ricardo Prize for Thermodynamics and the Christ's College Wyatt Prize for Engineering. In 1988, they were awarded a Harkness Fellowship by the Commonwealth Fund of New York for their studies at Harvard Business School, where they graduated as a Baker Scholar.
In 2003 Liebreich was awarded a Testimonial on Vellum by the Royal Humane Society, which is a charity that grants awards for acts of bravery in the saving of human life. Their commendation says: “Liebreich co-ordinated the rescue of a young woman from a ravine in the Bolivian Andes. Despite an extraordinary team effort, they died from their injuries at the scene.”
In 2005 New Energy Finance was named the Euromoney Ernst & Young Information Provider of the Year. Liebreich is a three-time finalist for the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award. In 2014, Liebreich won a Clean Air City Award for their personal contribution to improving London's air quality.
Philanthropy
In 2010, Liebreich set up the Liebreich Foundation, a family charity which applies funds to charitable causes at the discretion of the trustees.
In 2018, Liebreich launched a charitable campaign named Project Bo which raised money to support a Neonatal Intensive Care Unit in the city of Bo, Sierra Leone. The campaign set out to fund the purchase of a 20 kW solar and storage system in order to provide uninterrupted power to a ward which incurred frequent power shortages resulting in equipment malfunctions and consequently unnecessary deaths.
The campaign was successful in reaching its target of £100,000 and the power system went live in September, 2018.
Bibliography
Michael, Liebreich (2011) "Time to Reflect, Refocus, Reinvigorate". "The Road to Rio+20: For a Development-Led Green Economy".
Morgan, Bazilian, Andrew Rice, Juliana Rotich, Mark Howells, Joseph DeCarolis, Stuart MacMillan, Cameron Brooks, Florian Bauer, Michael Liebreich (October 2012). "Open source software and crowdsourcing for energy analysis". Energy Policy (Volume 49): 149–153.
Morgan, Bazilian, Ijeoma Onyeji, Michael Liebreich, Ian MacGill, Jennifer Chase, Jigar Shah, Dolf Gielen, Doug Arent, Doug Landfear, Shi Zhengrong (May 2013). "Re-considering the economics of photovoltaic power". Renewable Energy (Volume 53): 329–338.
Morgan, Bazilian, Mackay, Miller, Reid Detchon, Michael Liebreich (July 2013) "Accelerating the Global Transformation to 21st Century Power Systems". "The Electricity Journal" (Volume 26): 39–51.
Michael, Liebreich (September 2013) "Green conservatism: protecting the environment through open markets". "Green Alliance".
Michael, Liebreich (March 2014) "Clean energy needs less regulation, not more". "Responsibility & Resilience, Conservative Environment Network".
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
British businesspeople
Sportspeople from London
Alumni of Christ's College, Cambridge
Harvard Business School alumni
English male freestyle skiers
Bloomberg L.P. people
Olympic freestyle skiers of Great Britain
Freestyle skiers at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Canned Music is an EP by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs, released in 1983.
Track listing
Side A
"Canopener" - 03:12
"Beauty" - 02:06
"This Room Is Wrong" - 03:15
"Walking Home" - 02:14
Side B
"Turning Brown And Torn In Two" - 04:31
"Woman" - 03:03
"Shade For Today" - 01:47
References
Tall Dwarfs albums
1983 EPs
Flying Nun Records EPs
Estratetraenol, also known as estra-1,3,5(10),16-tetraen-3-ol, is an endogenous steroid found in women that has been described as having pheromone-like activities in primates, including humans. Estratetraenol is synthesized from androstadienone by aromatase likely in the ovaries, and is related to the estrogen sex hormones, yet has no known estrogenic effects. It was first identified from the urine of pregnant women.
Estratetraenyl acetate, or estra-1,3,5(10),16-tetraen-3-yl acetate, is a more potent synthetic derivative of estratetraenol.
Estratetraenol is an estrane (C18) steroid and an analogue of estradiol where the C17β hydroxyl group has been removed and a double bond has been formed between the C16 and C17 positions.
See also
List of neurosteroids § Pheromones and pherines
References
Cyclopentenes
Estranes
Human pheromones
Mammalian pheromones
Neurosteroids
St. Francis of Assisi Church refers to the English language spelling.
For churches with:
Spanish language titles, see Church of San Francisco (disambiguation)
Italian language titles, see Church of San Francesco (disambiguation)
A list of English language titled churches includes:
Austria
St. Francis of Assisi Church, Vienna
Brazil
Church of Saint Francis of Assisi, Belo Horizonte
Church of São Francisco de Assis, Ouro Preto
India
Church and Convent of St. Francis of Assisi, Goa
Church of St. Francis of Assisi, Farangipet, Karnataka
Malta
Church of St Francis of Assisi, Ħamrun
St Francis of Assisi Church, Valletta
Church of St Francis, Victoria
Philippines
Parish Church of St. Francis of Assisi, Bulacan
St. Francis of Assisi Parish Church (General Trias), Cavite
Saint Francis of Assisi Parish Church, Quezon
Poland
St. Francis of Assisi's Church, Kraków
Singapore
Church of St. Francis of Assisi, Singapore
Slovakia
Church of Saint-Francis of Assisi, Hervartov
United Arab Emirates
St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Church, Jebel Ali, Dubai
United Kingdom
St Francis of Assisi's Church, Bournville, Birmingham, England
St Francis of Assisi's Church, Handsworth, Birmingham, England
St Francis of Assisi's Church, Cardiff, Wales
United States
Cathedral Basilica of St. Francis of Assisi, Santa Fe, New Mexico
St. Francis of Assisi Cathedral (Metuchen, New Jersey)
St. Francis of Assisi's Church (New York City)
St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Church (Jefferson, North Carolina)
St. Francis of Assisi Catholic Church (Wichita, Kansas)
Uruguay
Parroquia San Francisco de Asís, Montevideo
See also
Saint Francis of Assisi Cathedral (disambiguation)
The Caribbean
Saint Francis of Assisi Catholic Church(Cat Island, Bahamas)
The Garfield Historic District in Poplar Bluff, Missouri is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2017. It encompasses three contributing buildings (a school, a church, and a grocery store/house) and one contributing object (a sign) in a predominantly residential section of Poplar Bluff.
Wheatley Public School was a segregated school for Negro children during the Jim Crow era, which was built in 1928 in Colonial Revival style. It was previously separately listed on the National Register, in 1998. The school building is now a museum, the Wheatley School Museum. As of 2017 the museum could be visited upon appointment made at the Rattler's Grocery, operated by Rex Rattler Sr.
The District also includes the Gatlin Grocery Store - Frank and Lutie Jordan House, built in 1908, and Pleasant Hill Baptist Church at 915 Garfield St. The church was completed in 1919.
The church's sign, from 1963, is a contributing object.
The district "is in a section of Poplar Bluff that represents the area where African Americans settled and formed a community within Poplar Bluff." It was deemed significant as an "intact cohesive collection" of early twentieth-century commercial, educational and religious buildings "that interrelate to express a history of development, commerce, education, and social history spanning the district's period of significance 1908 - 1968."
The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2017.
References
External links
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Churches on the National Register of Historic Places in Missouri
Museums in Missouri
Colonial Revival architecture in Missouri
Buildings and structures in Butler County, Missouri
National Register of Historic Places in Butler County, Missouri
African-American history of Missouri
Sanjay Jain (born May 17, 1962) is an Indian senior advocate. They have served as Additional Solicitor General of India for the Supreme Court of India since January 15, 2019. In 1985, they became an advocate and in 2005 they were designated as a senior advocate by the Delhi High Court. From 2014 to 2018, they were an Additional Solicitor General of India for the Delhi High Court.
Career
They advised and appeared for Central Government and Public Sector Undertakings in matters involving the interpretation of Constitution; corporate and commercial laws, banning of terrorist and disruptive organizations, extradition, CBI and NIA prosecutions, electricity laws, competition laws, petroleum and natural gas, money laundering and benami prohibition laws, constitutional aspects of direct and indirect taxes, international arbitration, and public international laws.
They appeared before the National Human Rights Commission in matters relating to Kashmiri migrants, the use of asbestos in water pipes, and the working conditions in a diamond processing factory at Vizag. They were also involved in the matter of coal substitution as a source of energy in the vicinity of Kaziranga National Park, Assam.
They rendered opinions and advice to various government departments such as the Ministry of Health in respect of the CGHS contracts with private hospitals; the Ministry of Tourism and Culture in honour of formulation of guidelines to grant licences to tourist guides and grant of licenses to photographers at Taj Mahal and Fatehpur Sikri; the Director-General of the Archaeological Survey of India regarding the Taj corridor case, amendments in the Antiquities and Art Treasures Act, 1972, and in respect of monuments protected under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Sites and Remains Act, 1958.
They represented the Indian Government in the Special Tribunals to ban outlawed organisations like ULFA in Northeast India.
References
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/topic/Additional-Solicitor-General-(ASG)-Sanjay-Jain Times Of India Retrieved OCT 05, 2018
https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/delhi/Sanjay-Jain-appointed-new-ASG/articleshow/38881673.cms Times Of India Retrieved Jul 23, 2014
https://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/politics-and-nation/president-appoints-senior-advocates-sanjay-jain-k-m-nataraj-as-additional-solicitor-generals/articleshow/67559777.cms economictimes.indiatimes.com Retrieved Jan 16, 2019..
https://www.livelaw.in/news-updates/senior-advocate-sanjay-jain-appointed-asg-in-supreme-court-142171
https://barandbench.com/sanjay-jain-appointed-asg-supreme-court/
https://www.business-standard.com/article/news-ani/senior-advocate-sanjay-jain-appointed-as-additional-solicitor-general-in-sc-119011601248_1.html Retrieved January 16, 2019
https://hwnews.in/news/national-news/sanjay-jain-appointed-additional-solicitor-general-india-supreme-court/72541 hwnews.in Retrieved jan 2019
https://www.livemint.com/Politics/4Ch0iwQj9sBcdC1NHP6u9N/Office-of-lieutenant-governor-cant-be-equated-to-that-of-go.html
https://www.tribuneindia.com/news/nation/his-emphatic-voice-will-be-missed/822712.html
https://currentaffairs.gktoday.in/sanjay-jain-nataraj-appointed-additional-solicitor-generals-01201964653.html
1962 births
Living people
SM UB-150 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. Incomplete at the end of the war, they were surrendered to the Allies at Harwich on 27 March 1919, and then taken to Chatham Dockyard as a potential subject for experimental work, but was never so-employed. They were sold to M. Lynch & Sons on 22 July 1920 for £2,000, and towed to Rochester, Kent. After being stripped of any reusable material, the hulk was dumped in shallow water in the Medway estuary, along with those of UB-144 and UB-145. The remains of all three - partly broken up in-situ during 1939–45, with one significantly better preserved than the other two - remain visible, but it is unclear which wreck is which.
Construction
They were built by AG Weser of Bremen and following just under a year of construction, launched at Bremen on 19 October 1918. UB-150 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-150 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-150 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
U-boats commissioned in 1919
Central State University (CSU) is a public, historically black land-grant university in Wilberforce, Ohio. It is a member-school of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund.
Established by the state legislature in 1887 as a two-year program for teacher and industrial training, it was originally located with Wilberforce University, a four-year institution devoted to classical academic education. It was originally known as the Combined Normal and Industrial Department. In 1941 the college gained a four-year curriculum, independent status in 1947, and was renamed as Central State College in 1951. With further development, it gained university status in 1965. In 2014, Central State University received designation as a land-grant university.
History
Central State University started in 1887 as a two-year normal and industrial department funded by the state. It was first located at Wilberforce University, a historically black college in southern Ohio that was owned and operated by the African Methodist Episcopal Church. In 1941, its curriculum was expanded to a four-year program emphasizing teacher education. In 1947, it was separated from the university, and in 1951 renamed as Central State College. In 1965, with further development, it achieved university status.
Wilberforce University had been founded in 1855 jointly by the Cincinnati Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church in collaboration with the AME Church; they had a biracial group of trustees to manage it, including founders Bishop Daniel A. Payne and Salmon Chase, then governor of Ohio. By 1860 the college, based on a classical education, had 200 students, mostly the mixed-race children of wealthy Southern planters. With the advance of the Civil War, most of the southerners were pulled out of the school, and it was forced to close in 1862. The Methodist Church felt it could not support it financially given the demands of the war.
The African Methodist Episcopal (AME) Church purchased the facility and reopened the college in 1863, the first to be owned and operated by African Americans.
In 1887, the Ohio General Assembly enacted legislation to create the Combined Normal and Industrial Department at Wilberforce, to provide training for primary teachers in a model common in the United States, and vocational education. This department operated as part of Wilberforce University, but a separately appointed board of trustees governed the state-financed operations. This arrangement allowed state legislators to sponsor scholarship students at the university and brought other forms of useful state financial aid to the school. The administration struggled to maintain its initial emphasis on classical education as well, and allowed students to take classes in both sections.
In 1941 the Normal and Industrial Department expanded from a two-year to a four-year program. In 1947, it was legally split from Wilberforce University and was renamed as the College of Education and Industrial Arts at Wilberforce, Ohio. In 1951, it was renamed Central State College. With further development, in 1965 the institution achieved university status.
In 1974, half the campus was destroyed in a severe tornado. The university struggled to rebuild, but has since re-established itself and achieved recognition by the State of Ohio (three Centers of Excellence), with new academic degree programs in Agriculture, Sustainable Ag and Exercise Science, and national recognition as the 2017 HBCU of the Year and for its Summer Banking Institute (HBCU Digest). Central State University is and has always been open to all students of every ethnicity, background, religion, etc. and continues to attract students from across the country and internationally.
Academics
Central State University is accredited by the Ohio Department of Education, the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools, the Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology, the National Association of Schools of Art and Design, Accreditation Council for Business Schools and Programs and the National Association of Schools of Music.
In 2011, the annual cost of all fees and tuition at Central State University was about $11,500. The college has on-campus housing for about 1,700 students, at $4,000 annually.
Colleges
Central State operates four colleges: the College of Engineering, Science, Technology and Agriculture, College of Education, College of Humanities Arts and Social Sciences, and College of Business
Campus
The main campus is located in Wilberforce, northeast of Xenia, east of Dayton and midway between Cincinnati and Columbus, Ohio (about from each city). A branch campus (CSU-Dayton) is located in Dayton.
Adjacent to the main campus is an outdoor education area, a natural reserve. Within a hundred yards of the Robeson Center is the National Afro-American Museum and Cultural Center, operated by the Ohio Historical Society.
Student housing
The campus housing complex, which houses approximately 1,700 students, consists of eight residence halls: Hunter Hall (co-ed), Williamson Hall (co-ed), Green Hall (upperclassmen male), Anderson Hall (upperclassmen male), Fox Hall (co-ed honors), Harry-Johns Hall (co-ed honors), Foundation Hall (freshmen females), Foundation Hall II (co-ed upperclassmen) and most recently added Fall 2019, the Marauder Pride Community, an apartment style complex (co-ed upperclassmen), which also houses a 10,000 sq.ft. Wellness Center.
Benjamin Banneker Science Hall and the University Student Center
Banneker Hall was originally constructed in 1950 with an addition completed in 1967, Banneker Hall housed science laboratories and a botanical laboratory and greenhouse. The building was demolished in Fall 2010 to make way for the University Student Center, a 85,000 sq.ft. complex housing a 500-seat cafeteria, 2-ballrooms, bookstore, computer lab, administrative offices and recreational spaces opened, which opened in the fall of 2015.
Beacom/Lewis Gymnasium
Constructed in 1961, Beacom Gymnasium is the home of the Marauders volleyball and basketball teams and provides office space for the Department of Health, Physical Education and Recreation. The original Beacom Gymnasium constructed in 1919 was destroyed by fire in 1971. The natatorium was constructed in 1966.
Hallie Q. Brown Library/Clara A. Henderson Hall College of Education
The Library/College of Education building was completed in 1985 and houses the main library, classrooms, and offices for the College of Education. The library portion of the building is named in honor of long-time educator and public speaker Hallie Q. Brown. The College of Education is named for teacher, department chairperson and dean, Dr. Clara A. Henderson. In 2019, the library was updated with new technology and remodeled to support various forms of collaborative study.
CSU Mass Communication Center
CSU Mass Communication Center, formerly The Cosby Center houses the university's telecommunications programs (including radio, television and print journalism) and the campus-based radio station WCSU-FM. It was constructed in 1958 and named the Lucinda Cook Laboratory Demonstration School.
Galloway/Alumni Tower The Galloway Tower/Walter G. Sellers Alumni
The facility houses the offices of the CSU General Alumni Association. The building was named in honor of Dr. William Galloway, a physician who served as a member of the Board of Trustees of the Combined Normal and Industrial Department. It was rebuilt following the 1974 tornado that destroyed the original Galloway Hall. Funds to reconstruct the tower were raised by alumni and friends of Central State University. During the university's Centennial celebration in 1987, the Alumni Center was named in honor of Walter G. Sellers Sr., a 1951 CSU graduate.
Jenkins Technology Education Building
Home of the Department of Manufacturing and Industrial Engineering, the building is named in honor of Carl C. Jenkins, a superintendent of the Combined Normal and Industrial Department. An earlier building, constructed in 1941, was also named for Jenkins and housed the Physical Education Department, Army ROTC, and Bookstore and Grill. Destroyed in 1974, the original Jenkins Hall housed the audio-visual department, the campus radio station, the bookstore, and office of the CSU Federal Credit Union at the time.
The C.J. McLin International Center for Water Resources Management
Three programs are housed in the facility opened in 1987: Water Resources Management, Geology, and Earth Sciences.
Lackey/Lee Health Center The Lackey/Lee Health Center
Opened in 1978, the center houses administrative offices, examination and treatment rooms, and laboratory facilities. It replaced the former campus health center, also named for Dr. Lackey and earlier known as Tawawa Hospital, which was among the buildings destroyed in 1974. The building is named for Dr. Harry M. Lackey (university physician from 1921 to 1953), Bishop Benjamin F. Lee (president of Wilberforce University from 1876 to 1884), Benjamin F. Lee, Jr. (a faculty member), and Benjamin F. Lee, III (physician who served the campus and the community).
McPherson Memorial Stadium
McPherson Stadium is home to the Marauder football and track and field teams. Originally constructed in 1949, the structure has been renovated to expand and modernize the locker room, training room, and office spaces. It is named in honor of Combined Normal and Industrial Department graduate William Patrick McPherson, who was killed in action in World War II.
Lionel H. Newsom Administration Building
The administration building was dedicated in 1978 and named in honor of Dr. Lionel H. Newsom, president of Central State from 1972 to 1985. It was constructed on the remaining portion of the Hallie Q. Brown Memorial Library, heavily damaged in the 1974 tornado. The building houses administrative and financial offices, the administrative computer center, and the Office of the Registrar.
Paul Robeson Cultural and Performing Arts Center
The Paul Robeson Cultural and Performing Arts Center houses the art and music departments, classrooms, and studios. It was dedicated in 1978 in honor of the singer, actor, activist and winner of the Stalin Peace Prize, Paul Robeson. The building includes an 850-seat auditorium and a recital hall. A large sculpture of Robeson in front of the center was commissioned by Camille and William Cosby.
Charles S. Smith College of Business
Smith Hall was completed in 1970 and named in honor of Charles S. Smith, founder of the College of Business Administration. It houses the College of Business Administration's classrooms and laboratories and an academic computer center.
Norman E. Ward Sr. University Center
The building houses a bookstore, commuter lounge, and office spaces for the Admissions Department, Financial Aid Department, Career Services Department, Student Government Association and the Dean of Students. It is named for 1950 graduate, Norman Ward Sr, an outstanding athlete, teacher, coach, and administrator.
Charles H. Wesley Hall
Wesley Hall houses the College of Arts and Sciences' administrative offices, classrooms and offices. It is named in honor of Central State University's first president, Charles H. Wesley (1941 to 1965).
Joshua I. Smith Center for Education and Natural Sciences
Houses the School of Education and Natural Sciences department of the College of Arts and Sciences. In 2016 it was named after alum Joshua I. Smith'63, a retired executive from Caterpillar Inc., who continues to support the university through the College of Business and the university radio station, WCSU.
Athletics
Central State athletic teams are the Marauders and Lady Marauders. The university is a member of the Division II level of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), primarily competing in the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) since the 2015–16 academic year (with football joining first as an affiliate member from 2013–14 to 2015 before upgrading for all sports). The Marauders and Lady Marauders previously competed in the D-II Great Midwest Athletic Conference (G-MAC) from 2012–13 to 2014–15, and as an NCAA D-II Independent from 2002–03 to 2011–12; as well as competing in the American Mideast Conference of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) from 2000–01 to 2001–02.
Central State competes in 11 intercollegiate varsity sports: Men's sports include basketball, cross country, football, track & field (indoor and outdoor) and volleyball; while women's sports include basketball, cross country, track & field (indoor and outdoor) and volleyball.
Rivalries
CSU's main athletic rivals are the Kentucky State Thorobreds and Thorobrettes and the West Virginia State Yellow Jackets.
Staff
The current athletic director is Tara A. Owens.
Student activities
Student organizations
There are approximately 30 student organizations operating on campus. These student organizations are classified under six categories: Academic, Business, Special Interest, Religions, Honorary and Greek letter organizations. The Office of the University Center and Student Development in conjunction with the SGA's Inter organization Committee monitors the recognized student organizations activities.
Student Government Association
The Student Government Association (SGA) serves as a liaison between the students and the administration, sharing decision making responsibility with the faculty and staff on matters that affect campus life. The SGA also oversees many student activities, represents the student body, and serves as an advisory body.
Greek Letter organizations
All nine of the National Pan-Hellenic Council organizations currently have chapters at Central State University. These organizations are governed by the Central State University's chapter of the National Pan-Hellenic Council and overseen by the Director of the University Center and Student Development.
Invincible Marching Marauders
The Central State University bands are under the direction of Professor Ramon William Key Jr. The Invincible Marching Marauders appeared in Dave Chappelle's Block Party.
University Chorus
The Central State University Chorus has twice been nominated for a Grammy Award for its recordings.
Notable alumni
References
External links
Official athletics website
Buildings and structures in Greene County, Ohio
Education in Greene County, Ohio
Educational institutions established in 1887
Historically black universities and colleges in the United States
Public universities and colleges in Ohio
Land-grant universities and colleges
1887 establishments in Ohio
The Source is an American hip hop and entertainment website, and a magazine that publishes annually or . It is the world's longest-running rap periodical, being founded as a newsletter in 1988.
The Sources Five-Mic albums
The Record Report is a section in the publication in which the magazine's staff rates hip-hop albums. Ratings range from one to five mics, paralleling a typical five-star rating scale. An album that is rated at four-and-a-half or five mics is considered by The Source to be a superior hip hop album. Over the first ten years or so, the heralded five-mic rating only applied to albums that were universally lauded hip hop albums. A total of 45 albums have been awarded five mics; a complete, chronological list is below.
Albums that originally received five mics:
People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm – A Tribe Called Quest
AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted – Ice Cube
Let the Rhythm Hit 'Em – Eric B. & Rakim
One for All – Brand Nubian
De La Soul Is Dead – De La Soul
The High-end Theory – A Tribe Called Quest
Illmatic – Nas
Life After Death – The Notorious B.I.G.
Aquemini – Outkast
The Blueprint – Jay-Z
Stillmatic – Nas
The Fix – Scarface
The Naked Truth – Lil' Kim
Trill OG – Bun B
My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy – Kanye West
Albums that were not rated upon their releases, but were later rated five mics in 2002:
Run-D.M.C. – Run-D.M.C.
Radio – LL Cool J
Licensed to Ill – Beastie Boys
Raising Hell – Run-D.M.C.
Criminal Minded – Boogie Down Productions
Paid in Full – Eric B. & Rakim
By All Means Necessary – Boogie Down Productions
It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back – Public Enemy
Long Live the Kane – Big Daddy Kane
Critical Beatdown – Ultramagnetic MCs
Straight Out the Jungle – Jungle Brothers
Strictly Business – EPMD
The Great Adventures of Slick Rick – Slick Rick
Straight Outta Compton – N.W.A
No One Can Do It Better – The D.O.C.
All Eyez on Me – 2Pac
Albums that originally received 4.5 mics, and were later re-rated to five:
Breaking Atoms – Main Source
Death Certificate – Ice Cube
The Chronic – Dr. Dre
Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers) – Wu-Tang Clan
Ready to Die – The Notorious B.I.G.
The Infamous – Mobb Deep
Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... – Raekwon
2001 – Dr. Dre
Albums that originally received four mics, and were later re-rated to five:
Grip It! On That Other Level – Geto Boys
Doggystyle – Snoop Doggy Dogg
The Diary – Scarface
Me Against the World – 2Pac
The Score – The Fugees
Reasonable Doubt – Jay-Z
Music
Compilation album
The Source released a compilation album of hip-hop hits.
Albums
References
Music magazines published in the United States
Biannual magazines published in the United States
Political magazines published in the United States
Cultural magazines published in the United States
Hip hop magazines
Magazines established in 1988
Magazines published in New York City
African-American magazines
Newsletters
Annual magazines published in the United States
Black-owned companies of the United States
The Saint Dominic Cathedral, commonly referred to as the Bayombong Cathedral, is an 18th-century, Baroque church located at Brgy. Salvacion, Bayombong, Nueva Vizcaya, Philippines. The cathedral, which is the seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bayombong, is under the patronage of Saint Dominic.
Saint Dominic Cathedral of Bayombong, Nueva Vizcaya, Philippines was founded in 1739 by the Augustinian Friars of Spain.
Church history
It was April 12, 1739 when the first Eucharistic Celebration was held there with Fray Pedro Freire presiding. During these days in the 18th century, this cathedral was still called The Church of St. Augustine. It won't be until a few months later, on September 8, that it will be dedicated to St. Dominic De Guzman.
The mission in present-day Bayombong had its roots in the mid-18th century when it was formally accepted by the Dominicans as mission center in a region previously referred to as Paniqui. Soon after founding the mission, the erection of the church structure took place in 1780 under the supervision of Father Juan Crespo, OP. According to records, the church, and other nearby structures, was gutted by fire in 1892. Father Cerefino Martinez, O.P. initiated the reconstruction of the church. It was completed three years after, in 1895, with the installation of galvanized iron roofing, new altarpieces and a new pulpit.
Architecture
The church façade is described as a close copy of that of the San Vicente Ferrer Church in Dupax del Sur and the Santa Catalina de Siena Church in Bambang, Nueva Vizcaya, with its doors, windows and oculus, not to mention the pediment shape that's also similar to that of the older Tuguegarao Cathedral in Cagayan province. A difference, however between this church and the two above-mentioned churches is the lack of columns framing the windows. The slightly-detached, octagonal campanile is also distinct to the church of Bayombong. The façade, with its squat appearance, is divided into four sections by cornices. The façade is ornamented with two windows on the second level (flanking a saint's niche) and an oculus on the third level.
References
External links
Roman Catholic churches in Nueva Vizcaya
Roman Catholic cathedrals in the Philippines
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1780
18th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the Philippines
Spanish Colonial architecture in the Philippines
Baroque architecture in the Philippines
Hart is a locality in the Northern Territory of Australia located in the territory's south-east about south of the territory capital of Darwin.
The locality consists of the following land (from west to east, then north to south):
Delny and McDonald Downs (south part) pastoral leases, the Dulcie Range National Park and the Dneiper and Jinka pastoral leases,
The Mount Riddock Station pastoral lease and the southern parts of the Dneiper and Jinka pastoral leases, and
The Garden pastoral lease, the Trephina Gorge Nature Park, and the Ambalindum and Indiana pastoral leases
It fully surrounds the community of Atitjere.As of 2020, it has an area of .
The locality's boundaries and name were gazetted on 4 April 2007. Its name is derived from the Harts Range which was itself named in 1870 after John Hart who served as the Premier of South Australia for three terms between 1865 and 1871.
The 2016 Australian census which was conducted in August 2016 reports that Hart had a population of 169 of which 107 (61.8%) identified as “Aboriginal and/or Torres Strait Islander people.”
Hart is located within the federal division of Lingiari, the territory electoral division of Namatjira and the local government area of the Central Desert Region.
References
Populated places in the Northern Territory
Central Desert Region
Trzeszczany is a village in Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Trzeszczany. It lies approximately west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 655.
References
Trzeszczany
Charles A. Logue (1889–1938) was an American screenwriter and occasional film director active in the silent and early sound era.
Selected filmography
The Duchess of Doubt (1917)
A Wife by Proxy (1917)
Outwitted (1917)
The Kingdom of Youth (1918)
A Scream in the Night (1919)
What Women Will Do (1921)
Heroes and Husbands (1922)
The Woman Who Fooled Herself (1922)
Gay and Devilish (1922)
The Tents of Allah (1923)
Straight Through (1925)
Prisoners of the Storm (1926)
Unknown Treasures (1926)
Forbidden Waters (1926)
The Love Toy (1926)
Devil's Dice (1926)
Them Man o' War (1926)
Hard Fists (1927)
Red Clay (1927)
Back to God's Country (1927)
Cheating Cheaters (1927)
The Heart of a Follies Girl (1928)
The Michigan Kid (1928)
Man, Woman and Wife (1929)
Whispering Winds (1929)
Fast Companions (1932)
Black Beauty (1933)
Ticket to a Crime (1934)
Sing Sing Nights (1934)
Home on the Range (1935)
Make a Million (1935)
The Hoosier Schoolmaster (1935)
Renfrew of the Royal Mounted (1937)
The Marines Are Here (1938)
On the Great White Trail (1938)
References
Bibliography
Munden, Kenneth White. The American Film Institute Catalog of Motion Pictures Produced in the United States, Part 1. University of California Press, 1997.
External links
1889 births
1938 deaths
Silent film screenwriters
American film directors
People from Boston
20th-century American screenwriters
The following is a list of Kharkiv Metro stations in Kharkiv, Ukraine. The system opened in 1975 and now has 30 stations.
Kholodnohirsko–Zavodska Line
Kholodna Hora
Pivdennyi Vokzal
Tsentralnyi Rynok
Maidan Konstytutsii → Istorychnyi Muzei
Prospekt Haharina
Sportyvna → Metrobudivnykiv
Zavod Imeni Malysheva
Turboatom
Palats Sportu
Armiiska
Imeni O.S. Maselskoho
Traktornyi Zavod
Industrialna
Saltivska Line
Istorychnyi Muzei → Maidan Konstytutsii
Universytet → Derzhprom
Pushkinska
Kyivska
Akademika Barabashova
Akademika Pavlova
Studentska
Heroiv Pratsi
Oleksiivska Line
Peremoha
Oleksiivska
23 Serpnia
Botanichnyi Sad
Naukova
Derzhprom → Universytet
Arkhitektora Beketova
Zakhysnykiv Ukrainy
Metrobudivnykiv → Sportyvna
References
Shirin Hassani Ramazan (, born 1980) is an Iraqi Kurdish politician of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP). They were born in Zakho.
References
1980 births
Living people
Iraqi Kurdistani politicians
Members of the Kurdistan Region Parliament
People from Zakho
Date of birth missing (living people)
Kurdistan Democratic Party politicians
Wood Siding railway station was a halt in Bernwood Forest, Buckinghamshire, England. It opened in 1871 as a terminus of a short horse-drawn tramway built to assist the transport of goods from and around the Duke of Buckingham's extensive estates in Buckinghamshire, as well as connect the Duke's estates to the Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway at Quainton Road.
In 1872, a lobbying campaign by residents of the town of Brill led to the tramway being converted for passenger use and extended a short distance beyond Wood Siding to Brill railway station, becoming known as the Brill Tramway. The railway was cheaply built, ungraded, and used poor quality locomotives; services were very slow, initially limited to a speed of . In the 1890s it was planned to extend the tramway to Oxford, but the scheme was abandoned. Instead, the operation of the line was taken over by the Metropolitan Railway in 1899. Between 1908 and 1910 the station was completely rebuilt on a bridge over the newly built Chiltern Main Line of the Great Western Railway, which passed directly beneath the station.
In 1933 the Metropolitan Railway was taken into public ownership and became the Metropolitan line of London Transport. As a result, Wood Siding became a station on the London Underground network, despite being over from the City of London. London Transport's new management aimed to move away from goods services to concentrate on passenger services. As the line served a very lightly populated rural area, the new management believed it very unlikely that it could ever be made viable. Wood Siding was closed, along with the rest of the line, from 30 November 1935. All infrastructure associated with the station was removed in 1936; the remains of the bridge which supported the station are still in place.
Brill Tramway
On 23 September 1868 the small Aylesbury and Buckingham Railway (A&BR) opened, linking the Great Western Railway's station at Aylesbury to the London and North Western Railway's Oxford to Bletchley line at Verney Junction. On 1 September 1894 London's Metropolitan Railway (MR) reached Aylesbury, and shortly afterwards connected to the A&BR line, with local MR services running to Verney Junction from 1 April 1894. Through trains from the MR's London terminus at Baker Street commenced on 1 January 1897.
The Duke of Buckingham had long had an interest in railways, and had served as Chairman of the London and North Western Railway from 1852 to 1861. In the early 1870s they decided to build a light railway to carry freight from their estates in Buckinghamshire to the A&BR's line at Quainton Road. Because the proposed line ran on land owned by the Duke of Buckingham and by the Winwood Charity Trust, who consented to its construction, the line did not need Parliamentary approval and construction could begin immediately.
The first stage of the line, known as the Wotton Tramway, was a line from Quainton Road via Wotton to a coal siding at Kingswood, and opened on 1 April 1871. Intended for use by horse trams, the line was built with longitudinal sleepers to avoid horses tripping on the sleepers. In November 1871 the tramway was extended to Wood Siding, in a surviving fragment of Bernwood Forest from the town of Brill and from the nearest settlement at Dorton.
Lobbying from residents and businesses in Brill for the introduction of passenger services on the line led to a further extension from Wood Siding to Brill railway station, at the foot of Brill Hill of a mile (1.2 km) from the hilltop town of Brill itself, in mid-1872. Two mixed trains ran each day in each direction, and the line was renamed the Brill Tramway. The Duke bought two Aveling and Porter traction engines modified to work as locomotives for the line, each with a top speed of , although a speed limit of was enforced.
The Duke died in 1889, and in 1894 the trustees of their estate set up the Oxford & Aylesbury Tramroad Company (O&ATC) with the intention of extending the line from Brill to Oxford. Rail services from London to Oxford were very poor at this time; despite being an extremely roundabout route, had the connection from Quainton Road to Oxford been built it would have been the shortest route between Oxford and the City of London. The Metropolitan Railway leased the Brill Tramway from 1 December 1899, and from then on the MR (the Metropolitan line of the London Underground from July 1933) operated all services on the line. Throughout the operation of the Brill Tramway the track and stations remained in the ownership of the Oxford & Aylesbury Tramroad Company; the MR had an option to purchase the line outright, but it was never taken up.
Services and facilities
The station was positioned on the southern edge of Rushbeds Wood, a surviving part of the Bernwood Forest. It was on the western side of the level crossing over Kingswood Lane. Intended primarily for goods use, Wood Siding initially had no facilities for passengers, and the platform was simply a raised earth bank.
Despite the lack of passenger facilities, Wood Siding was the starting point for the first passenger service to operate on the line. On 26 August 1871 an excursion service ran from Wood Siding to London hauled by the Great Western Railway (GWR). It carried around 150 people, for a total of 105 passenger fares (with each child counted as half an adult), and was drawn by horses between Wood Siding and Quainton Road and by locomotive from Quainton Road to Aylesbury where the carriages were attached to the 7.30 am GWR service via Princes Risborough to London, arriving at 10.00 am. The experiment was not a success. Sharp overhanging branches along the route posed a danger to passengers and had to be cut back in the week before the excursion. The day itself was extremely rainy, and ticket sales were lower than expected. The return train from London to Quainton Road was delayed in Slough, and the excursion eventually arrived back at Wood Siding at 2.00 am.
In 1894 the crude stations on the Brill Tramway were rebuilt in anticipation of the extension to Oxford. The other stations on the line were provided with buildings containing a booking office, waiting rooms and toilets, but Wood Siding station was equipped with a small corrugated iron waiting room "with shelf and drawer" for passengers. A low passenger platform was also built. As well as the passenger platform, a short siding led to a raised wooden platform, alongside the through line to Brill, which served both as a buffer stop for the siding, and as a loading platform for milk. The station was staffed by a single porter, responsible for opening the gates of a nearby level crossing and for loading and unloading freight (mainly milk); a small, unheated hut was provided for their use. The original Aveling & Porter locomotives were slow and noisy and could be heard by the porter long before their arrival, but the more advanced locomotives introduced by the Metropolitan Railway were quieter and quicker; a ladder was installed against a large oak for the porter to watch for oncoming trains.
After the 1899 transfer of services to the Metropolitan Railway, the MR introduced a single Brown Marshall passenger carriage on the line; unlike other stations on the line, the platform height at Wood Siding was not raised at this time to accommodate the new carriage. From 1872 to 1894 the station was served by two passenger trains per day in each direction, and from 1895 to 1899 the number was increased to three per day. Following the 1899 transfer of services to the Metropolitan Railway, the station was served by four trains per day until closure in 1935.
Limited by poor quality locomotives and ungraded, cheaply laid track which followed the contours of the hills, and stopping at four intermediate stations between Wood Siding and Quainton Road to pick up and set down goods, passengers and livestock, trains ran very slowly. In 1887 trains took between 15 and 20 minutes to travel approximately one mile from Wood Siding to Brill, and a little over 1 hour 20 minutes from Wood Siding to the junction station with the main line at Quainton Road. Improvements to the line carried out at the time of the transfer to the Oxford & Aylesbury Tramroad, and the use of the MR's better quality rolling stock, reduced the journey time from Wood Siding to Quainton Road to about 30 minutes.
In 1910 the new Bicester cut-off line of the Great Western Railway Chiltern Main Line was routed directly through Wood Siding, but no interchange station was built. The GWR was to run in a cutting beneath the existing station; Wood Siding station and its siding were rebuilt at the GWR's expense between 1908 and 1910 to stand on a wide bridge above the GWR's line.
With trains travelling only marginally quicker than walking pace, and serving a lightly populated area, the stations at Wood Siding and Brill saw relatively little passenger use, and Wood Siding was removed from the passenger timetable by 1931; trains continued to stop on request. In 1932, the last year of private operation, Brill and Wood Siding stations saw only 3,272 passenger journeys and raised only £191 (about £ in ) in passenger receipts.
Withdrawal of services
On 1 July 1933 the Metropolitan Railway, along with London's other underground railways aside from the small Waterloo & City Railway, was taken into public ownership as part of the newly formed London Passenger Transport Board (LPTB). Thus, despite it being over and over two hours travel from the City of London, Wood Siding became a London Underground station. As a cost-cutting measure Wood Siding became unstaffed and the porter's hut was sold as a garden shed; from then on, the train crew would work the crossing gate. It was now officially a part of the London Underground network, but Wood Siding—in common with all Metropolitan line stations north of Aylesbury—was never shown on the tube map.
Frank Pick, Managing Director of the Underground Group from 1928 and the Chief Executive of the LPTB, aimed to move the network away from freight services and saw the lines beyond Aylesbury via Quainton Road to Brill and Verney Junction as having little future as financially viable passenger routes, concluding that over £2000 (about £ in ) would be saved by closing the Brill Tramway. As a consequence, the LPTB decided to abandon all passenger services beyond Aylesbury. The Brill Tramway was closed on 1 December 1935, with the last trains running on 30 November. Services on the Brill Tramway were withdrawn completely following the transfer to public ownership; the LPTB considered the Verney Junction branch as having a use as a freight line and as a diversionary route, and they continued to maintain the line and operate freight services until 6 September 1947.
Closure
Upon the withdrawal of London Transport services, the lease expired and the railway and stations reverted to the control of the Oxford & Aylesbury Tramroad Company. With no funds and no rolling stock of its own, the O&ATC was unable to operate the line. On 2 April 1936 the entire infrastructure of the line was sold piecemeal at auction; excluding track, the buildings and structures at Wood Siding fetched a total of £9 2s 6d (about £ in ). Aside from the station houses at Westcott and Brill, which were sold separately, the auction raised £112 10s (about £ in ) in total. Wood Siding station was demolished shortly after closure; the abutments of the bridge which carried the station and sidings remain intact.
With the stations at Wood Siding and Brill closed, and the Great Western Railway's Brill and Ludgershall railway station inconveniently sited, the GWR opened a new station on the Chiltern Main Line nearby at Dorton Halt on 21 June 1937. Both Dorton Halt and Brill and Ludgersall stations were closed on 7 January 1963; the line remains in use by trains between Princes Risborough and Bicester North. There are no longer any open railway stations in the vicinity of Brill and Wood Siding.
See also
Infrastructure of the Brill Tramway
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Disused railway stations in Buckinghamshire
Former Metropolitan and Great Central Joint Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1871
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1935
Brill Tramway
Metropolitan line stations
Milton Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 979 people in the township.
Geography
Located in the western part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Weston Township - north
Plain Township - northeast corner
Liberty Township - east
Henry Township - southeast corner
Jackson Township - south
Bartlow Township, Henry County - southwest corner
Richfield Township, Henry County - west
Damascus Township, Henry County - northwest corner
Three villages are located in the township:
Custar, in the west center.
Milton Center, in the north center.
Part of Weston, in the north.
Name and history
Milton Township was established in 1835. It is one of five Milton Townships statewide.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
The men's 400 metres hurdles event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 10 and 12 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification: First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
400 metres hurdles at the African Championships in Athletics
The Senior men's race at the 1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Budapest, Hungary, at the Kincsem Park on March 26, 1994. A preview on the event was given in the Herald, and a report in The New York Times.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Senior men's race (12.06 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 281 athletes from 57 countries in the Senior men's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(9)
(7)
(8)
(6)
(2)
(6)
(8)
(1)
(1)
(7)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(9)
(6)
(9)
(1)
(8)
(6)
(7)
(2)
(9)
(7)
(6)
(9)
(4)
(3)
(7)
(1)
(9)
(1)
(7)
(5)
(3)
(9)
(2)
(9)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(7)
(9)
(9)
(9)
(1)
(3)
(3)
(6)
(9)
(9)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(6)
See also
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior men's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
Empire Flat was a steamboat landing at Empire Flat on the east shore of the Colorado River, within Parker Strip, Arizona, in La Paz County, Arizona.
History
Empire Flat was the steamboat landing, 10 miles above Parker's Landing on the Colorado River. This landing was for the Empire Flat Mines of the Bill Williams Mining District and its mining camp, in the Buckskin Mountains above the landing, in what was then Yuma County, Arizona Territory. The landing, mining camp and mines are shown in an 1866 map made by Edward Fairman, of the Martin & Company properties at Empire Flat and its mines, Aubrey City, along the Bill Williams River and at the Mineral Hill Mines. The map shows the Empire Flat Mines where 9.2 miles by land south of Aubrey City, 10 miles to Empire Flat landing by the river. The 1866 map shows Empire Flat landing had a camp, a corral and an Ore House, and Mexican packers camp in its 160-acre bounds. Besides the camp, the mine had ore furnaces, blacksmith and engine house.
Later in the 1870s the landing had a five-stamp mill, to crush the gold-bearing copper ore, in a two-story open structure, a mess hall and a few huts for the mill hands.
The mines in this district were worked from the early 1860s into recent times. But the last steamboats called at the landing in 1905 after the Arizona and California Railway arrived and bridged the Colorado River at nearby Parker, Arizona.
The Site Today
The site of the Empire Flat landing is within Parker Strip under the modern resorts there.
References
External links
Official Map Of The Territory Of Arizona, With All The Recent Explorations. Compiled by Richard Gird C.E. Commissioner. Approved By John N. Goodwin, Governor. In Accordance With An Act Of The Legislature, Approved Oct. 23d. 1864. We hereby certify that this is the Official Map of the Territory of Arizona, and approve the same. Prescott October 12th 1865. (with signed seal dated 1863). Published By A. Gensoul, Pacific Map Depot. No. 511 Montgomery St. San Francisco. Lith. Britton & Co. San Francisco. Accessed from www.davidrumsey.com, December 1, 2014. Shows location of Aubrey City, the Williams Fork District and other landings, settlements and the mining districts along the Colorado River and the interior of the territory in 1865.
Ghost towns in Arizona
Former populated places in La Paz County, Arizona
Port cities and towns in Arizona
Sue Crawford (born January 10, 1967) née Sue Steinhauser, is a politician from the U.S. state of Nebraska. They represent District 45, which includes the city of Bellevue and Offutt Air Force Base, in the Nebraska Legislature.
Education
Crawford received their BS in political science from Truman State University in 1989. In 1995, they completed their PhD from Indiana University Bloomington in the fields of American government and public policy, with a concentration in public management. While at IU, Crawford worked closely and co-published with Elinor Ostrom, a Nobel Prize winner in economics.
Elections
Crawford was first elected to represent Nebraska's 45th District in 2012. Crawford placed second in the May 15, 2012, non-partisan primary election, receiving 48.34% of the vote. On November 6, 2012, Crawford won the general election with 51.38% of the vote. They were sworn in on January 9, 2013.
References
External links
Official page at the Nebraska Legislature
1967 births
Living people
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
Nebraska state senators
People from Maryville, Missouri
People from Bellevue, Nebraska
Truman State University alumni
Women state legislators in Nebraska
Nebraska Democrats
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Dalhousie Castle is a castle in Cockpen, Midlothian, Scotland. Dalhousie Castle is situated near the town of Bonnyrigg, 8 miles (13 km) south of Edinburgh. The castle was the seat of the Earls of Dalhousie, the chieftains of Clan Ramsay.
History
The patriarch of the clan was Simundus de Ramesie (Simon of Ramsey), an English knight of Norman descent from the Huntingdonshire village of Ramsey. Simundus, a vassal of David, Earl of Huntingdon, followed their lord to Scotland in about 1140, when David inherited the Scottish crown.  They are considered the founder of the Ramsay clan and the first to have lands at Dalwolsey.
The first castle at Dalhousie was constructed by him. The red stone castle is situated in a strategic spot overlooking the River Esk. The drum tower, the oldest part of the current structure, an L Plan Castle, dates to the mid 15th century. The majority of the current castle dates to the 17th century. There was originally a dry moat surrounding the castle. The moat was later filled in but partially excavated in the late 20th century.
Dalhousie Castle has seen much history. King Edward I (Longshanks) stayed at the castle on their way to meet Sir William Wallace at the Battle of Falkirk. In 1400, Sir Alexander Ramsay withstood a six-month siege at Dalhousie by English forces led by King Henry IV. Oliver Cromwell used the castle as a base for their invasion of Scotland. Many Earls of Dalhousie have taken an active part in British political and military leadership.
Around 1800, Walter Nicol designed the new layout of the walled garden.
At the turn of the 20th century, the seat of Clan Ramsay was moved to Brechin Castle, although the Ramsay family continued to retain ownership of the castle until 1977. At the time of the sale, Dalhousie had been in the same family for more than eight centuries, longer than any other castle in Scotland. Throughout the 20th century, the castle was leased out to a series of tenants, including a boarding school. In 1972, the castle was converted into a hotel. In 2003, Dalhousie Castle was purchased by the Von Essen Hotels company for a reported price of £10 million.
On 26 June 2004, a major fire erupted in the castle's roof area. The building was evacuated and the Lothian and Borders Fire Brigade were called to extinguish the blaze. The damage was significant but limited to a relatively small area of the building, and no major structural damage occurred. The damage was repaired and the hotel resumed normal operations.
In April 2011, Von Essen Hotels fell into administration, and the hotel was available with a guide price of £7.5 million. In March 2012, it was announced that Robert Parker, owner of Doxford, Eshott and Guyzance Hall in Northumberland, had purchased Dalhousie Castle for an undisclosed sum.
See also
Dalhousie University
Castles in Scotland
References
External links
Dalhousie Castle Luxury Castle Hotel and Spa
Clan Ramsay
Castles in Midlothian
Category A listed buildings in Midlothian
Hotel spas
Listed castles in Scotland
Clan Ramsay
Bonnyrigg and Lasswade
Frank Jacob "Deke" Gard (March 27, 1892 – September 27, 1918) was an American rugby union player who played flanker for the United States men's national team in its first two capped matches in 1912 and 1913.
Early life and university years
Gard was born on March 27, 1892 in Tremont City, Ohio, the eldest child of Emerson Earl Gard and Laura E. Gard (born Shanley). Gard moved with their family from Ohio to Glendora, California in 1905 and attended Citrus Union High School, from which they graduated in 1910. Gard attended Stanford University from 1910 until 1914 and graduated in May 1914 with a degree in chemistry. While at Stanford, Gard played for the rugby team, serving as the team's captain during the 1914 season. During their senior season, Gard was described as "one of [the] best forwards on the [West] coast." They also are a three-time varsity letter-winner for the school's track and field team, running in the 440-yard dash and in relays.
International rugby career
Beginning in 1911, Gard played for the United States national rugby union team. On November 16, 1912, Gard played for the United States at flanker in its first capped match—a 12–8 loss to Australia. On November 15, 1913, Gard also played for the United States at flanker in its first test match against New Zealand. Gard served as captain in this match—a 51–3 defeat.
Military service and death
On June 13, 1917, Gard enlisted in the United States Army. Gard was commissioned as a First Lieutenant, served in the Army's 362nd Infantry Regiment, 91st Division, and was deployed to France during World War I. On September 27, 1918, Gard was killed in action during an advance through Gesnes, France. Gard was buried at the Meuse-Argonne American Cemetery near Romagne-sous-Montfaucon in France.
References
External links
1892 births
1918 deaths
American rugby union players
United States international rugby union players
Rugby union flankers
United States Army officers
United States Army personnel of World War I
American military personnel killed in World War I
Indawgyi Lake Wildlife Sanctuary is a biosphere reserve in Myanmar, covering . It ranges in elevation from encompassing the surroundings of Indawgyi Lake in Mohnyin Township, Kachin State. It was gazetted in 2004, is recognized as an Important Bird Area and as one of the ASEAN Heritage Parks.
An area of comprising the lake and the surrounding lowland is a Ramsar site since February 2016.
During a survey in the winter of 2004, both resident and migratory birds were sighted on the lake and along Indawgyi River, including white-rumped vulture (Gyps bengalensis), slender-billed vulture (G. tenuirostris), Himalayan vulture (G. himalayensis), lesser whistling duck (Dendrocygna javanica), tufted duck (Aythya fuligula), ferruginous pochard (A. nyroca), gadwall (Mareca strepera), ruddy shelduck (Tadorna ferruginea), Eurasian teal (Anas crecca), northern pintail (A. acuta), greylag goose (Anser anser), Eurasian coot (Fulica atra), little grebe (Tachybaptus ruficollis), great crested grebe (Podiceps cristatus), little cormorant (Microcarbo niger), purple heron (Ardea purpurea), brown-headed gull (Chroicocephalus brunnicephalus), black-headed gull (C. ridibundus), wood sandpiper (Tringa glareola), Temminck's stint (Calidris temminckii), black-winged stilt (Himantopus himantopus), grey-headed lapwing (Vanellus cinereus) and glossy ibis (Plegadis falcinellus).
In 2012, an Indian hog deer (Hyelaphus porcinus) population was discovered in a grassland northeast of the lake.
Since 2013, Baer's pochard (Aythya baeri), rufous-necked hornbill (Aceros nipalensis), sarus crane (Antigone antigone), woolly-necked stork (Ciconia episcopus), lesser adjutant (Leptoptilos javanicus), spot-billed pelican (Pelecanus philippensis), greater spotted eagle (Clanga clanga), cinereous vulture (Aegypius monachus), Pallas's fish eagle (Haliaeetus leucoryphus), wood snipe (Gallinago nemoricola), black-bellied tern (Sterna acuticauda) and red-breasted parakeet (Psittacula alexandri) were sighted in the sanctuary.
It also provides habitat for Burmese peacock softshell turtle (Nilssonia formosa), elongated tortoise (Indotestudo elongata), Asian forest tortoise (Manouria emys), Amboina box turtle (Cuora amboinensis), Asiatic softshell turtle (Amyda cartilaginea) and 93 fish species.
During a herpetological survey, the Indawgyi bent-toed gecko (Cyrtodactylus mombergi) was discovered and described in 2019.
See also
References
External links
Protected areas of Myanmar
Protected areas established in 1999
ASEAN heritage parks
Ramsar sites in Myanmar
Important Bird Areas of Myanmar
1999 establishments in Myanmar
Universal EXTension (UEXT) is a connector layout which includes power and three serial buses: Asynchronous, I2C, and SPI. The connector layout was specified by Olimex Ltd and declared an open-project that is royalty-free.
Physical characteristics
The UEXT connector consists of 10 pins, in a two row by five male pin configuration, with a plastic keyed-shroud. All pins have a spacing of 0.1 inch (2.54 mm). The socket is mated with a 2x5 (10-pin) IDC female connector, and typically connected to a Ribbon cable. The UEXT cable assembly is referred to as a 10-pin IDC Connector Ribbon Cable. These cables are readily available and cheap.
Electrical characteristics
The UEXT connector presents power and three serial buses: Asynchronous, I2C, SPI. All pins conform to 3.3 volt digital logic. The asynchronous serial bus requires additional level-shifting circuits and connectors to support RS-232, RS-422, RS-485, DMX512, or MIDI.
Notes:
Direction is relative to host board. I = Input, O = Output.
S = Power Supply, PP = Push-Pull logic, OD = Open-Drain logic, all pins conform to 3.3 volt digital logic
Alternate pin uses
The functionality of most microcontroller pins are multipurpose, thus allowing the engineer to redefine the purpose of the pin. It is fairly common that a pin will have a choice to be either a general purpose I/O or a peripheral.
If a microcontroller pin is connected to the UEXT connector and redefined to be something other than Asynchronous Serial Bus / I2C Bus / SPI Bus, then some thought should be given to the design before making the changes. To minimize the chance of damaging various UEXT boards or the microcontroller, redefined pins should continue to adhere to the direction of the data in this table or alternately redefined as an input. For a safe design, it is recommended that you don't redefine pins 4 or 7 to be outputs, and use pin 6 as an output with caution.
User concerns
If a person is concerned about damaging the data lines of the microcontroller, additional over-voltage protection diodes and/or separate drivers should be added between the microcontroller and UEXT connector. Additionally, a resettable fuse might be added between the host power and pin 1 to protect against over-current conditions. Open source UART dongles are available that are explicitly designed to be pin compatible with UEXT, and may be used to interface a UEXT device directly with a computer over USB.
5V warning
Some boards might provide 5V output on UEXT pins if they are configured for operation at 5V. For example, OLIMEXINO-328 and OLIMEXINO-32U4 have a 3.3V/5V PTH jumper that changes the power mode of the board. If the 3.3V/5V jumper is set to 5V, this jumper also changes the voltage available at pin #1 of UEXT as well as the voltage levels of all data signals available there (UART, SPI, I2C). As the UEXT standard only defines 3.3V, many UEXT modules may not be 5V tolerant, and thus get damaged if the board has such jumper set to 5V. Users are advised to verify their boards are configured for 3.3V before connecting UEXT hardware to prevent damaging said hardware.
Parallel cables
It is possible to connect multiple UEXT devices in parallel by clamping additional IDC connectors onto the same ribbon cable. This will result in a correct distribution of power (3.3V and ground) and allow data communication over I²C. However, the SPI bus will not work since all the SS lines are tied together (and thus all slaves addressed simultaneously, scrambling data on the MISO line), and neither will UART work since multiple devices are transmitting and receiving on the same lines. Series resistors are necessary on conflicting SPI and UART pins to limit short circuit currents due to conflicts, if compatibility with other UEXT devices is desired.
Similar connectors
Some devices use a layout based on the UEXT connector but have chosen not to implement all of the functionality. In particular the asynchronous serial connection may have been omitted. In these cases the spare pins are usually assigned other purposes, such as connecting to a device reset line, so care should be taken to check the exact connector layout on the schematic of a particular device.
Implementations
UEXT I/O Boards
Olimex UEXT Boards
Host Boards
Olimex Olimexino-328, 16 MHz ATMEGA328 (Atmel AVR)
Olimex Olimexino-STM32, 72 MHz STM32F103RBT6 (ARM Cortex-M3)
Olimex LPC-P1114, 50 MHz NXP LPC1114 (ARM Cortex-M0)
Olimex DuinoMite, 80 MHz MicroChip PIC32MX795 (PIC32)
Olimex STM32-P207, 120 MHz ST STM32F207 (ARM Cortex-M3)
Olimex Pinguino
3rd-party
LibreSolar
See also
IDC connector and Ribbon Cable.
Asynchronous serial bus, using a UART, such as RS-232 and RS-422.
I2C serial bus.
SPI serial bus.
Pmod Interface
References
External links
UEXT connector webpage
UEXT specification
OLIMEX Ltd
Electrical signal connectors
The Victoria Derby is Australia's oldest classic harness race, dating back to 1914 when it was contested on the old Richmond circuit.
Winners
2012 Scandalman
2011 Sushi Sushi
2010 Courage To Rule
2009 Captain Joy
2008 Tanabi Bromac
2007 Lombo Pocket Watch
2006 Divisive
2005 Emmas Only
2004 The Sentry
2003 Bellas Boy
2002 Tricky Vic
2001 Rare Gem
2000 Stars And Stripes
1999 Courage Under Fire
1998 Holmes D G
1997 Lavros Star
1996 Sharp And Telford
1995 Blueagle
1994 Khans Thunder
1993 Golden Reign
1992 Lotsnlots
1991 Dark Paul
1990 Admiral Holliday
1989 Westburn Grant
1988 Another Bart
1987 Sir Lorian
1986 Smooth Falcon
1985 Bag Limit
1984 Area Code
1983 Man Of The Moment
1982 Garry's Advice
1981 Gundary Flyer
1980 Under A Cloud
1979 Rhett
1978 Brad Adios
1977 Sammy Karamea
1976 High Advice
1975 Little William
1974 Alphalite
1973 Paleface Adios
1972 Annastere
1971 Moon Reveller
1970 Welcome Advice
1969 National Gold
1968 Ascot King
1967 Kelly Kid
1966 Future Intangible
1965 Bon Adios
1964 Dale's Gift
1963 Tactile
1962 Future Raider
1961 Opal Chief
1960 Arabian
1959 Meadow Royal
1958 Smoko
1957 Shean Truis
1956 Argent
1955 Mighty Warrior
1954 Mineral Spring
1953 Rotarian
1952 Selwyn
1951 High Raider
1950 Acclaim
1949 Lawrenny
1948 General Dixie
1941 Bobby Linden
1940 Admirer
1939 Radiant Robert
1938 Radiant Walla
1937 The Gap
1936 Gentle Bobbie
1935 Dixie Globe
1934 Grand Harold
1933-Star Princess
1932 Connie Glo
1931 Con Derby
1930 Jean Pronto
1929 My Chum
1928 Robert Derby
1927 Lulureen
1926 Wilverley
1925 Torpedo Huon
1924 Auto Machine
1923 Vinmont Chimes
1922-1915 No race
1916 Princess Chimes
1915 Countess Chimes
1914 Lucap
The 1973 running was won by Paleface Adios, in 2007 Lombo Pocket Watch and in 2009 Captain Joy was victorious.
See also
Harness racing in Australia
References
Harness races in Australia
KAWC may refer to:
KAWC-FM, a radio station (88.9 FM) licensed to serve Yuma, Arizona, United States
KOFA (AM), a radio station (1320 AM) licensed to serve Yuma, Arizona, which held the call sign KAWC from 1970 to 2017
HKUGA College (HKUGAC; ) is an (English as Medium of Instruction School; Chinese: 香港英文授課中學) Band 1A secondary school located at No. 9 Nam Fung Road, Wong Chuk Hang, Hong Kong. It was founded in 2006 by the Hong Kong University Graduates Association. The Hong Kong University Graduates Association Education Foundation is a registered non-profit-making organization founded by members of the Hong Kong University Graduates Association, alumni of The University of Hong Kong (HKU), and other members of society. The foundation consists of nearly 200 members and is managed by an elected Executive Committee.
School Emblem
The school emblem is an orange star with a blue wave on its leg and is shaped to look like its dancing. According to the school website, the star stands for:
Leadership and Inspiration
A child dancing with the delight of learning
A new mode of quality education in the new millennium
Dynamics, energy and creativity
School Motto
Strive for Virtue, Quest for Truth
It means that people all need to hold firm to their ambitions in bringing up esteemed personality and endeavoring in pursuing truth.
Curriculum
Junior Secondary Level (S1 - S3)
The 8 Key Learning Areas of the curriculum are Chinese Language, English Language, Mathematics, Science, Technology, Life and Society, Technology and living, Humanities, Arts, and Physical Education. The curriculum aims at kindling intellectual curiosity, developing critical thinking and instilling a fascination for cultures and a love of reading. It is complemented by life education and community service which cultivate a sense of individual and social responsibility.
Senior Secondary Level (S4 - S6)
This is the stage when the school prepares students for tertiary education or work. Students are guided to set goals and excel in their areas of interest and talent. As the world becomes increasingly globalized, young people have to step beyond Hong Kong. The formal and informal curricula ensure that students are well-versed in different cultures and languages, becoming sophisticated individuals at ease in an increasingly globalized market, Chinese nationals who contribute to the world as global citizens.
10th Anniversary
HKUGAC's 10th Anniversary Open Day celebrations was held on the 5th and 6 December 2015. The school campus was opened to the public. It was estimated that 3000 visitors in total toured the campus. Students performed a lion dance, singing etc. for the visitors in the Opening Ceremony. Also, a musical play named "Extravaganza" was arranged in the Closing Ceremony.
See also
Education in Hong Kong
List of secondary schools in Hong Kong
References
External links
Website of Hong Kong University Graduates Association Education Foundation
Secondary schools in Hong Kong
Hong Kong Island
Direct Subsidy Scheme schools
Michael Ngadeu-Ngadjui (born 23 November 1990) is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Belgian club Gent and captains the Cameroon national team.
Club career
Ngadeu trained as a youth with Canon Yaoundé. After graduating in Cameroon, they spent six months learning German in order to study Civil Engineering in Germany. Whilst in Germany, they played for SV Sandhausen II and 1. FC Nürnberg II, before transferring to Romanian club Botoșani in 2014, where they eventually wore the captain's armband.
Slavia Prague
Despite rumours linking them with a move to Steaua Bucharest, in the summer of 2016 they completed a €500k transfer to Slavia Prague.
On 9 May 2018, they played as Slavia Prague won the 2017–18 Czech Cup final against Jablonec.
In January 2019, a €4.5 million transfer to Premier League side Fulham fell through at the last minute, after Ngadeu had flown to London and passed a medical.
They again featured heavily in the 2018–19 season, both in Slavia's Europa League campaign that ended in the quarter finals, and domestically, where the team secured their first domestic double since 1942. At the end of the 2018–19 Czech First League season, they were voted the league's best defender.
Gent
In July 2019, Ngadeu moved to Belgian club Gent.
International career
Ngadeu made their senior debut for the Cameroon national team in a 2–0 win over The Gambia for 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualification. They went on to play every minute of Cameroon's victorious 2017 Africa Cup of Nations campaign, scoring two goals, including a clearance off the line followed by the winning goal in the group stage match against Guinea-Bissau. They were ultimately named one of three defenders in the Confederation of African Football's Team of the Tournament.
Upon their return from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations, they scored the only hat-trick of their senior career for Slavia Prague in their first game back on 25 February 2017 in their 8–1 away win at Příbram.
In September 2018, they were named as captain for new manager Clarence Seedorf's first 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying game against The Comoros.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Cameroon's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Ngadeu-Ngadjui goal.
Honours
Slavia Prague
Czech First League: 2016–17, 2018–19
Czech Cup: 2017–18, 2018–19
Gent
Belgian Cup: 2021–22
Cameroon
Africa Cup of Nations: 2017
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
People from West Region (Cameroon)
Cameroonian footballers
Association football defenders
Cameroon international footballers
Ngadeu-Ngadjui
2017 Africa Cup of Nations players
2017 FIFA Confederations Cup players
2019 Africa Cup of Nations players
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Regionalliga players
Liga I players
Czech First League players
Belgian First Division A players
Canon Yaoundé players
SV Sandhausen players
1. FC Nürnberg II players
FC Botoșani players
SK Slavia Prague players
K.A.A. Gent players
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
The 1963–64 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1963–64 college men's basketball season.
Roster
George Unseld
Steve Renko
Harry Gibson
Walt Wesley
Al Correll
Dave Schichtle
Del Lewis
Riney Lochmann
Robert Buddy Vance
Wayne Loving
Dave Brill
Fred Chana
Kerry Bolton
Jim Gough
Richard Ruggles
Jay Roberts
Sherman Stimley
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas State
Kansas
Kansas
Rueben Burgess (born 30 September 1966) is a British sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s and early 1990s. They were eliminated in the repechages of the K-4 1000 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul. Four years later in Barcelona, Burgess was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-2 1000 m event.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1966 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
British male canoeists
Roadhouse may refer to:
Film
Road House (1928 film), an American silent drama
Road House (1934 film), a British comedy crime film
Road House (1948 film), an American film noir
Road House (1989 film), an American action film
Road House 2, a 2006 sequel
Roadhouse 66, a 1984 American film
Music
Roadhouse (band), a British rock band
Roadhouse (Ruth Cameron album), 1999
Roadhouse, a 1988 album by John Cafferty and the Beaver Brown Band
"Road House", a song by the Flamin' Groovies' on the 1970 album Flamingo
Plays
Road House (play), a 1932 work by Walter C. Hackett
Other uses
Roadhouse (premises), a mixed-use premises to service passing travellers
Receiving house, or roadhouse, a theatre for touring theatre companies
The Roadhouse, an American radio station
See also
"Roadhouse Blues", a 1970 song by The Doors
Logan's Roadhouse, an American restaurant chain
Roadhouse Grill, an American restaurant chain
Texas Roadhouse, an American restaurant chain
Nei Tituaabine, is a red-haired maiden in Micronesian mythology, specifically in Kiribati.
They fell in love with the giant, red-haired chief, Auriaria, but they had no children. After their death, three trees grew from their grave: a coconut from their head, a pandanus from their heels and an almond from their navel. They became a tree goddess.
Kiribati mythology
Micronesian deities
Tree goddesses
Facing the Sea (Spanish:Rostro al mar) is a 1951 Spanish drama film directed by Carlos Serrano de Osma. It deals with the return of exiles from the Spanish Civil War era.
Synopsis
After the Spanish Civil War, Alberto and Isabel decide to flee to France to avoid reprisals.  They are pregnant and on the way, they go into labor, so they decide to stop before they reach the border. Alberto decides to leave so as not to endanger their family, promising Isabel to meet again as soon as possible.
Cast
Antonio Bofarull as Manuel
José Bruguera as Vicente
Fortunato García as Andrés
Montserrat Garcia as Martita
Camino Garrigó as Doña marta
José Gayán as Frankie
Francisco Melgares as Marcos
Eulalia Montero as Isabel
José Manuel Pinillos as Ferruchi
Antonio Piñeiro as Oficial
José Luis Quintana as Ginés
Illa Serti as María
Juan Manuel Soriano as Ramón
Carlo Tamberlani as Alberto
Guillermo Urtazun
Lily Vincenti as Catherine
References
Bibliography
Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer 2008.
External links
1951 drama films
Spanish drama films
1951 films
1950s Spanish-language films
Films directed by Carlos Serrano de Osma
Spanish black-and-white films
1950s Spanish films
Associazione Sportiva Dilettantistica Selargius Calcio is an Italian association football club, based in Selargius, Sardinia. Selargius currently plays in Serie D.
History
The club was founded in 1965.
At the end of the 1989–90 season it won a historic promotion to Serie D where it played for eleven consecutive seasons.
At the end of the 2000–01 season it was relegated to Eccellenza, where it stayed with mixed results until season 2008–09, when Selargius won the national play-off returning so to Serie D.
Chronology
1965: Foundation of Selargius Calcio in Terza Categoria
1980–81: 7th in Promozione Girone A.
1981–82: 8th in Promozione Girone A.
1982–83: 2nd in Promozione Girone A.
1983–84: 11th in Promozione Girone A.
1984–85: 4th in Promozione Girone A.
1985–86: 10th in Promozione Girone A.
1986–87: 7th in Promozione Girone A.
1987: Merger with G.S. Orione.
1987–88: 10th in Promozione Girone A.
1988–89: 12th in Promozione Girone A.
1989–90: 1st in Promozione Girone A.
1990–91: 3rd in Serie D.
1991–92: 10th in Serie D
1992–93: 7th in Serie D.
1993–94: 9th in Serie D.
1994–95: 3rd in Serie D.
1995–96: 6th in Serie D.
1996–97: 11th in Serie D.
1997–98: 6th in Serie D.
1998–99: 11th in Serie D.
1999–00: 11th in Serie D.
2000–01: 17th in Girone G of Serie D. Relegated to Eccellenza Sardinia.
2001–02: 6th in Eccellenza Sardinia.
2002–03: 9th in Eccellenza Sardinia.
2003–04: 4th in Eccellenza Sardinia.
2004–05: 4th in Eccellenza Sardinia.
2005–06: 11th in Eccellenza Sardinia.
2006–07: 13th in Eccellenza Sardinia. Saved in play-out classified as best in the league, 1–1 outside and 3–3 at home against the Ilvamaddalena.
2007–08: 3rd in Eccellenza Sardinia. Won in regional play-off and eliminated in first turn in National play-off.
2008–09: 5th in Eccellenza Sardinia.. Won in national play-off (2–0 at home and 0–0 outside to Civitanovese). Promoted to Serie D
2009–10: 5th in Girone G of Serie D. Lost in the final of regional play-off (3–0 by Pomezia).
2010–11: 12th in Girone G of Serie D.
2011–12: 11th in Girone G of Serie D.
Colors and badge
The team's colors are white and red.
Stadium
The club plays its home matches in the Stadio Generale Virgilio Porcu with 1,200 seats located in the city.
References
External links
Official homepage
Football clubs in Italy
Football clubs in Sardinia
Association football clubs established in 1965
Italian football clubs established in 1965
The 13th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron is an inactive United States Air Force unit. Its last assignment was with the Minot Air Defense Sector, stationed at Glasgow Air Force Base, Montana where it was inactivated on 30 June 1968.
The squadron was first activated in January 1941 as the 13th Pursuit Squadron As the 13th Fighter Squadron it participated in the air defense of the Panama Canal from 1941 until 1943 when it returned to the United States and became a training unit until it was disbanded in 1944.
History
World War II
It was activated in early 1941 as the 13th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) and assigned to the Southeast Air District. It was equipped with a series of pursuit aircraft with a mission of air defense of Florida. After the Pearl Harbor Attack, the squadron was one of several hastily deployed to the Panama Canal Zone for the defense of the canal with the United States entry into World War II.
It was deployed on 2 January 1942 and stationed at Howard Field operating Bell P-39D Airacobras. By 16 February, the squadron had 12 P-39Ds (of which nine were airworthy) and not fewer than 26 pilots, but of these, only four had more than 12 months experience. Official records of its relatively brief tour in Panama are apparently all but nonexistent, although it is known that the unit was redesignated as the 13th Fighter Squadron on 15 May 1942 in keeping with the USAAF scheme at the time.
Following the perceived end of the emergency need for the unit, it returned to the United States in early 1943 where it became a Republic P-47 Thunderbolt, later North American P-51 Mustang replacement training unit for III Fighter Command. It was disbanded on 1 May 1944 as part of a reorganization of training units.
Air Defense Command
It was reactivated in 1953 as part of Air Defense Command as an air defense squadron, equipped with North American F-86D Sabres and assigned to Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan with a mission for the air defense of Detroit and Great Lakes region. It was moved to Sioux City, Iowa in 1955 for air defense of the Great Plains, and in 1957 began re-equipping with the North American F-86L Sabre, an improved version of the F-86D which incorporated the Semi Automatic Ground Environment, or SAGE computer-controlled direction system for intercepts. The service of the F-86L destined to be quite brief, since by the time the last F-86L conversion was delivered, the type was already being phased out in favor of supersonic interceptors.
The squadron was reassigned to Glasgow AFB, Montana in July 1959, upgraded to the new McDonnell F-101B Voodoo. Assigned alongside the F-101B interceptor was the F-101F operational and conversion trainer. The two-seat trainer version was equipped with dual controls, but carried the same armament as the F-101B and were fully combat-capable interceptors. On 22 October 1962, before President John F. Kennedy told Americans that missiles were in place in Cuba, the squadron dispersed one third of its force, equipped with nuclear tipped missiles to Billings Logan Field at the start of the Cuban Missile Crisis. These planes returned to Glasgow after the crisis.
It was inactivated in June 1968 as part of the drawdown of ADC interceptor bases, and the aircraft were passed along to the Air National Guard.
Lineage
Constituted as the 13th Pursuit Squadron (Interceptor) on 20 November 1940
Activated on 15 January 1941
Redesignated 13th Fighter Squadron (Single Engine) on 15 May 1942
Disbanded on 1 May 1944
Reconstituted, and redesignated 13th Fighter-Interceptor Squadron on 11 February 1953
Activated on 27 April 1953
Inactivated on 30 June 1968
Assignments
53d Pursuit Group (later Fighter Group), 15 January 1941 – 1 May 1944
575th Air Defense Group, 27 April 1953
53d Fighter Group, 18 August 1955
476th Fighter Group, 1 July 1957
29th Air Division, 1 April 1960
Great Falls Air Defense Sector, 1 January 1961 – 30 June 1968
Stations
MacDill Field, Florida, 15 January 1941
Dale Mabry Field, Florida, 8 May – 18 December 1941
Howard Field, Panama Canal Zone, 2 January — 10 November 1942
Dale Mabry Field, Florida, 26 November 1942
Drew Field, Florida, 6 January 1943
Page Field, Florida, 6 February 1943
Venice Army Air Field, Florida, 1 June 1943 – 1 May 1944
Selfridge Air Force Base, Michigan, 27 April 1953 – 18 August 1955
Sioux City Municipal Airport, Iowa, 18 August 1955
Glasgow Air Force Base, Montana, 2 July 1959 – 30 June 1968
Aircraft
Seversky P-35, 1941
Curtiss P-40 Warhawk, 1941
Bell P-39 Airacobra, 1941–1943
North American P-51 Mustang, 1943
Republic P-47 Thunderbolt, 1943–1944
North American F-86D Sabre Interceptor, 1953–1957
North American F-86L Sabre Interceptor, 1957-1959
McDonnell F-101B Voodoo, 1959–1968
References
Notes
Bibliography
Hagdedorn, Dan (1995), Alae Supra Canalem: Wings Over the Canal, Turner Publishing,
McMullen, Richard F. (1964) "The Fighter Interceptor Force 1962-1964" ADC Historical Study No. 27, Air Defense Command, Ent Air Force Base, CO (Confidential, declassified 22 Mar 2000)
NORAD/CONAD Participation in the Cuban Missile Crisis, Historical Reference Paper No. 8, Directorate of Command History Continental Air Defense Command, Ent AFB, CO, 1 Feb 63 (Top Secret NOFORN declassified 9 March 1996)
013
Military units and formations in Montana
Hindi, or Modern Standard Hindi, is a standardised register of the Hindustani language that serves as one of the two official languages of India.
Hindi may also have the following broader meanings:
In a slightly broader sense, Hindi is the Hindustani language, the lingua franca of northern India and Pakistan which has both Modern Standard Hindi and Urdu as its literary registers (see first map)
In an intermediate sense, Hindi refers to the Central Indo-Aryan languages, which include Hindustani along with Awadhi, Braj and others (see second map)
In the widest sense, Hindi covers the languages of the Hindi Belt, which in addition to the Central Indo-Aryan languages has variously been taken to also include varieties of Bihari, Rajasthani, and Pahari (see map at the end)
In other specific contexts, Hindi may also refer to:
Bombay Hindi, a Hindustani-based pidgin spoken in Mumbai
Fiji Hindi
Caribbean Hindustani
The Turkish term for turkey (bird)
People with the name
Abdulbasit Hindi (born 1997), Saudi Arabian football player
Abdul-Ghaffar Hasan Al-Hindi (1913–2007), Pakistani scholar
Ahmad Hindi (1800–1869), Iranian cleric
Ahmad Hindi (athlete) (born 1995), Jordanian Paralympic athlete
Amin al-Hindi (1940–2010), Palestinian intelligence chief
Ayman Al-Hindi (born 1986), Palestinian football player
Baba Ratan Hindi, legendary figure of early Islam
Hanadi Zakaria al-Hindi (born 1978), Saudi Arabian pilot
Hani al-Hindi (1927–2016), Syrian politician and activist
Ibrahim Bu Hindi (born 1948), Bahraini jounralist and writer
Ignatius Simon II Hindi Zora (1754–1838), Syrian patriarch
Joseph V Augustine Hindi (18th–19th c.), Chaldean Catholic patriarch
Al-Muttaqi al-Hindi (1472–1567), Islamic scholar
Nadia Al-Hindi (born 1972), Jordanian tennis player
Safi al-Din al-Hindi, 13th-century scholar
Steve Hindi (born 1950s), American activisit and business person
Wael El Hindi (born 1980), Egyptian squash player
Yahya El Hindi (born 1998), Lebanese football player
Hindi Zahra (born 1979), Moroccan singer and actor
See also
Hindi literature
Hindi cinema
Master and Everyone is a 2003 studio album by Bonnie 'Prince' Billy. It was released on Drag City.
Critical reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 83, based on 11 reviews, indicating "universal acclaim".
NME named it the 37th best album of 2003.
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes.
Will Oldham
Paul Oldham
Tony Crow – keyboards
William Tyler – guitar
Matt Swanson – tambourine
Gary Lee Tussing – cello
Marty Slayton – vocals
John Kelton – whistle
Charts
References
External links
2003 albums
Will Oldham albums
Drag City (record label) albums
Domino Recording Company albums
Line 3 of the Dongguan Rail Transit () is a planned subway line in Dongguan, China. It has a planned 24 stations from Qishibosha in the North-east of Dongguan, to Chang'an New Area South, in the south of Dongguan. The construction date for Line 3 has not yet been published.
Stations
From north to south:
Qishibosha
East Industrial Zone
Dongshan Dadao
Qiaotouxi (Qiaotou East)
Dadong Lu
Dongguan West railway station
Dongguan South railway station
Changping Bei
Beihuan Lu
Dongkengnan
Zhongxing Dadao
Songghan Lake North
Songshan Lake - Interchange with Line 1
Songshan Lake Higher Education Mega Center
Songshanhu National High-tech Industrial Development Zone
Haiyue Garden
Lianhua Square
Chang'an Pedestrian Street
Chang'an Wushacun
Chang'an Jinsha
Chang'an Jian'an Lu
Chang'an New Area North
Chang'an New Area - Interchange with Line 2
Chang'an New Area South
List of planned lines
Line 1
Line 2
Line 3
Line 4
See also
Guangzhou Metro
FMetro
Shenzhen Metro
List of rapid transit systems
Metro systems by annual passenger rides
References
External links
Dongguan Rail Transit – official website
Dongguan Rail Transit lines
Transport infrastructure under construction in China
This Is It and I Am It and You Are It and So Is That and They Are It and They Are It and It Is It and That Is the second album by Marnie Stern, released on October 7, 2008 on Kill Rock Stars.
The album's title comes from an Alan Watts quote in their work On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are (1966), which was in turn a quotation from James Broughton's The Bard and the Harper (1965). Broughton also used the quote in their art film This Is It (1971).
Pitchfork named This Is It... the 44th greatest album of 2008.
Composition
Alongside experimental rock and indie rock, This Is It takes on "gleeful, choppy, and ambitious" math rock.
Track listing
"Prime" – 2:28
"Transformer" – 2:09
"Shea Stadium" – 3:38
"Ruler" – 3:52
"The Crippled Jazzer" – 4:19
"Steely" – 4:00
"The Package Is Wrapped" – 3:45
"Simon Says" – 3:20
"Vault" – 3:26
"Clone Cycle" – 3:32
"Roads? Where We're Going We Don't Need Roads" – 2:59
"The Devil Is in the Details" – 3:39
Personnel
Marnie Stern: vocals, guitar, keyboards
John-Reed Thompson: bass, keyboards, organ
Zach Hill: drums, bass, keyboards, piano
References
Marnie Stern albums
2008 albums
Kill Rock Stars albums
The 2020 Armagh Senior Football Championship is the 120th edition of Armagh GAA's premier gaelic football tournament for senior clubs in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. The winners will not represent Armagh in the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship as the Club Championships were cancelled for 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The original championship format was for all sixteen teams to compete in four groups of four teams before proceeding to a knock-out format with the overall winners receiving the Gerry Fegan Cup. Due to the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic however, clubs were asked by the Armagh County Board to back the proposal to run a straight-knockout championship, which was passed.
Crossmaglen Rangers were the defending champions after they defeated Ballymacnab Round Towers in the 2019 final.
This was Grange St. Colmcille's and Mullaghbawn Cuchulainns' return to the senior grade after they claimed the 2019 I.F.C./I.A.F.L. titles and second in I.A.F.L. respectively.
Maghery Seán MacDermott's won their second Armagh Senior Football Championship by defeating Crossmaglen Rangers 4–9 to 0–17 in the final.
Team Changes
The following teams have changed division since the 2019 championship season.
Promoted To S.F.C. from I.F.C.
Grange St. Colmcille's - (I.F.C. Champions)
Mullaghbawn Cuchulainns - (I.A.F.L. Champions)
Relegated to I.F.C. from S.F.C.
Sarsfields - (7th S.B.F.L.)
Cullaville Blues - (8th S.B.F.L.)
Round 1
Quarter-Finals
Pearse Óg win 5 - 3 on penalties.
Semi-Finals
Final
References
External links
Armagh Senior Football Championship
Armagh Senior Football Championship
Armagh SFC
Moon over Parador is a 1988 American romantic comedy film, starring Richard Dreyfuss, Raul Julia and Sônia Braga. It is a remake of the 1939 film The Magnificent Fraud, based on the unpublished short story entitled "Caviar for Their Excellency" by Charles G. Booth.
Plot
The film follows the exploits of film actor Jack Noah, who is filming in the small, fictional South American country of Parador when Paradorian President Alfonse Simms, a dictator, invites them and the cast and crew to the film at their palace. Simms seems delighted at Jack's imitation of him.
Suddenly, Alfonse Simms dies of a heart attack. Not wanting to lose their position in power, the president's right-hand man, Roberto Strausmann, forces Jack to take the 'role of a lifetime'—that of the dead president, as the two men look so much alike. Jack accepts, eventually winning over the people and even the dead president's mistress, Madonna (Braga). For over a year, the two bond, and they show Jack how the people are suffering under the dictatorship, particularly at the iron hand of Roberto (the real power behind the scene) against the rebels.
Jack creates a plan where, in the middle of a show featuring Sammy Davis Jr, they (as Simms) is apparently gunned down by an assassin. Before dying, "Simms" accuses Roberto as the true enemy, leading to their death at the hands of the crowd. Inside a van, Jack escapes. Months later, they are telling the story to their friends, who do not believe him. Jack is happy to learn that Madonna led a revolution and is now the elected president of Parador.
Cast
Richard Dreyfuss as Jack Noah / President Alphonse Simms
Lorin Dreyfuss as The Real Alphonse Simms
Raul Julia as Roberto Strausmann
Sônia Braga as Madonna Mendez
Dana Delany as Jenny
Jonathan Winters as Ralph
Fernando Rey as Alejandro
Michael Greene as Clint
Polly Holliday as Midge
Milton Gonçalves as Carlo
Charo as Madame Loop
Marianne Sägebrecht as Magda Feldmarck
Sammy Davis Jr. as Himself
Ike Pappas as Himself
Edward Asner as Himself
Reinhard Kolldehoff as Gunther Feldmarck
Production
The film was adopted from a 1939 Robert Florey's film The Magnificent Fraud, which plot shares similarities with Moon Over Parador.
In the beginning, while both the President and Jack are in the scene, the President is played by Dreyfuss' older brother Lorin.
During a scene where Jack has to address the crowd as the Paradorian President, they ad-lib their lines and uses the lyrics for the song "The Impossible Dream" from Man of La Mancha. Sammy Davis Jr.'s rendition of Parador's national anthem is sung against the music for "Bésame Mucho". The previous Paradorian National Anthem ("O Parador") is sung to the tune of "O Christmas Tree".
Director Paul Mazursky appears uncredited in drag, playing Simms' mother. Mazursky's wife Betsy appears at a buffet table and asks, "Por favor, is it safe to eat this lettuce here?" Their daughter, Jill, plays the assistant director of the second film crew to shoot in Parador.
Reception
On review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 42%, based on 12 reviews, and an average rating of 4.8/10.
Variety called the film "[an] elaborate farce", but also said that "[it] has moments of true hilarity emerging only fitfully from a ponderous production".
Janet Maslin of The New York Times said:
Awards and nominations
Golden Globe Award
Nominated, "Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture" - Raul Julia
Nominated, "Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture" - Sônia Braga
See also
The Magnificent Fraud
Dave (film)
References
External links
1988 films
Films directed by Paul Mazursky
Films scored by Maurice Jarre
1988 romantic comedy films
American romantic comedy films
Films about actors
Films about Latin American military dictatorships
Remakes of American films
Films shot in Rio de Janeiro (city)
Films shot in Salvador, Bahia
Films shot in Ouro Preto
Films shot in New York City
Films set in South America
Films set in a fictional country
Universal Pictures films
Films about lookalikes
1980s English-language films
1980s American films
Świdermajer () is a distinct Polish architectural style developed in late 19th and early 20th century in Masovia along the railroad linking Warsaw with Otwock. The style was applied almost exclusively to wooden villas of the middle classes. Developed by Michał Elwiro Andriolli, the style combined traditional elements of local wooden architecture with the Swiss style popular after the world fair in Vienna of 1873 (wide roofs), Russian traditional houses of the common people (wooden porches with windows) and some elements of the decorative art from the Podhale region.
Origins
The name Świdermajer was a play on the words "Biedermeier" and "Świder", the latter being the name of both a river along which a number of villas were built and a village between Warsaw and Otwock considered the 'Świdermajer capital'. As local neologism, the word was popularized by Konstanty Ildefons Gałczyński in an epigram called "Wycieczka do Świdra".
References
Świdermajer.pl
Swidermajer gallery, info and collection of media
Photos of a typical house, and the people
External links
A Guide to the Wooden Villas of Otwock
Architecture of Poland
Swidermajer
Swidermajer
Champaran is a region of Bihar in India. It is now divided into an East Champaran district and a West Champaran district.
Notable people
Manoj Bajpai – Indian film actor
Dinesh Bhramar – poet and noted figure in Hindi and Bhojpuri literature
Anuranjan Jha – Indian journalist
Prakash Jha – Indian filmmaker
Ramesh Chandra Jha – Indian poet, novelist and freedom fighter
Abdullah Khan – novelist and screenwriter
Ravish Kumar – Indian journalist
Gopal Singh Nepali – Indian poet of Hindi literature, Bollywood lyricist
George Orwell – English novelist, essayist, journalist and critic
Kedar Pandey – Congress leader and ex-Chief Minister of Bihar
Afroz Alam Sahil – Indian journalist
Raj Kumar Shukla – indigo cultivator, activist
Radha Mohan Singh – Indian politician
References
Further reading
Singh, Shankar Dayal. Gandhi's first step: Champaran movement, by B.R. Pub. Corp., 1994. .
Chakrabarti D.K. (1996b). From Purnea to Champaran: The distribution of sites in the north Bihar plains. South Asian Studies, 12:pp. 147–158
Historical regions
History of Bihar
Regions of Bihar
Mithila
The Collège-lycée Ampère is a famous school located in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon.
History
It was founded in 1519 by members of the Brotherhood of the Trinity. It was then known under the name of Collège de la Trinité. Under this name it was directed by the Jesuits from 1565 to 1762, then by the Oratorians until 1792.
During the French Revolution, the building was occupied by the troops of the National Convention and renamed École centrale. Napoléon Bonaparte, then First Consul, was proclaimed President of the Italian Republic during a gathering called the 'consulte de Lyon' in the high chapel of the school and with a consular order of vendémiaire 24 year XI (16 October 1802), the property was transformed into Lycée impérial. Under the Restoration, it was renamed Collège royal, until the French Revolution of 1848, when it became the Lycée de Lyon.
In 1888, they were named Lycée Ampère as tribute to the physician André-Marie Ampère.
It was the first mixed college in France. The poet Louise Labe, as well as Pernette du Guillet, studied in this school. This experience allowed commoners to access education. With their mentor, Maurice Scève, Louise Labe, daughter of tailpiece, Pernette and others, formed what was called the 'École de Lyon', a famous poet humanist association.
Chapel of the Trinity
The chapel of the Trinity also called 'high chapel' was built in the College-lycée Ampère between 1617 and 1622 in the baroque style and the first stone was blessed by archbishop Denis-Simon de Marquemont. In 1754, it was refurbished by the Lyon architect planner Jean-Antoine Morand. Classified monument historique in 1939, it was neglected and even served as the gym. Restored in the 1990s, it now hosts regular classical music concerts.
Nowadays
The institution is acknowledged for the high quality of its preparatory classes to management Grandes Écoles entrance examination. Also, it is reputed for the variety of rare foreign languages available to students, among which Hebrew, Russian, Arabic and Japanese.
Famous pupils and professors
André-Marie Ampère
Claude-François Menestrier
François d'Aix de la Chaise
Charles Baudelaire
Edgar Quinet
Édouard Herriot
Édouard Daladier
Robert Badinter
André Latreille
Albin Chalandon
Michel Noir
Bernard Pivot
Jean Amadou
Louis Maynard
Marcel Maréchal
Marc Riboud
Max Meynier
Jean-Jacques Brochier
Philippe Riboud
Raymond Domenech
Charles Touzot
Gaspard Monge
See also
Catholic Church in France
Education in France
List of Jesuit schools
References
External links
Official website
Universities and colleges in Lyon
2nd arrondissement of Lyon
Jesuit elementary and primary schools in France
1519 establishments in France
Lycées in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Jesuit secondary schools in France
Jesuit universities and colleges
Educational institutions established in the 1510s
Esfandabad () may refer to:
Esfandabad, Kurdistan
Esfandabad, Tehran
Esfandabad, Yazd
Eldorado High School is a public high school located in Eldorado, (USA). It is part of the Schleicher County Independent School District located in central Schleicher County and covers the entire county. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency.
Athletics
The Eldorado Eagles compete in these sports -
Cross Country, Football, Basketball, Golf, Tennis, Track, Powerlifting, Softball & Baseball
State Titles
Boys Cross Country -
1987(2A)
Boys Track -
1964(1A)
Girls Track -
1973(B)
Individual State Titles
Abigail Narvaez (Powerlifting)
2016 (2A)
Band
Band Sweepstakes Champions
2019(2A)
References
External links
Schleicher County ISD
Public high schools in Texas
Moon Shadow is the second album by American singing trio Labelle. This release was their second and last album for Warner Bros. Records. The album is notable for their soulful rendition of The Who's "Won't Get Fooled Again", the socially conscious "I Believe That I've Finally Made It Home" (a song which members Patti LaBelle, Nona Hendryx and Sarah Dash share lead vocals) and the nine-minute title track in which Patti introduces all the musicians as they do their live solos. This is the first album where member Nona Hendryx begins taking over most of the songwriting.
Track listing
All tracks written by Nona Hendryx except where noted.
Side A
"Won't Get Fooled Again" (Pete Townshend) (4:45)
"Sunday's News" (3:30)
"If I Can't Have You" (3:45)
"Ain't It Sad It's All Over" (3:30)
"Peace With Yourself" (Sarah Dash) (2:55)
Side B
"Moonshadow" (Cat Stevens) (9:24)
"Touch Me All Over" (3:25)
"I Believe That I've Finally Made It Home" (4:52)
"People Say They're Changing" (3:20)
Personnel
Labelle
Patti LaBelle – vocals
Nona Hendryx – vocals
Sarah Dash – vocals
Additional musicians
Kenny Ascher, Leon Pendarvis, Maxayn Lewis, Michael Powell – piano
Andre "Mandre" Lewis – organ
Kenny Ascher, Andre "Mandre" Lewis – clavinet
David Spinozza, Marlo Henderson, Dick Frank – guitar
Chuck Rainey, Russell George – bass guitar
Kenneth "Spider Webb" Rice, Rick Marotta – drums
Maurice Saunders, Rick Marotta – congas
Harold Vick – soprano saxophone (on #1)
Buzzy Linhart – vibraphone (4)
Larry Fallon – string arrangement (7)
References
External links
Moon Shadow on Discogs.com
1972 albums
Labelle albums
Warner Records albums
Albums arranged by Larry Fallon
Albums produced by Vicki Wickham
In Greek mythology, the name Hyperochus (Ancient Greek: Ὑπέροχος) may refer to:
Hyperochus, a son of Priam.
Hyperochus, possibly the father of Oenomaus by Sterope.
Hyperochus, a descendant of Magnes, son of Haemon, father of Tenthredon and thus grandfather of Prothous.
Hyperochus, a Hyperborean whose ghost, alongside those of Pyrrhus (Neoptolemus) and a fellow Hyperborean Amadocus (or Laodocus), and possibly that of Phylacus, were believed to have terrorized the Gaul invaders during the historical battle at Delphi.
Hypeirochus (Ὑπείροχος) is a variant of the same name which refers to:
Hypeirochus, a defender of Troy killed by Odysseus; may or may not be the same as the son of Priam.
Hypeirochus, father of Itymoneus; the latter was killed by Nestor in the war between the Pylians and the Eleans.
Notes
References
Apollodorus, The Library with an English Translation by Sir James George Frazer, F.B.A., F.R.S. in 2 Volumes, Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1921. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library. Greek text available from the same website.
Gaius Julius Hyginus, Fabulae from The Myths of Hyginus translated and edited by Mary Grant. University of Kansas Publications in Humanistic Studies. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Homer, The Iliad with an English Translation by A.T. Murray, Ph.D. in two volumes. Cambridge, MA., Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann, Ltd. 1924. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library.
Homer, Homeri Opera in five volumes. Oxford, Oxford University Press. 1920. . Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Pausanias, Description of Greece with an English Translation by W.H.S. Jones, Litt.D., and H.A. Ormerod, M.A., in 4 Volumes. Cambridge, MA, Harvard University Press; London, William Heinemann Ltd. 1918. . Online version at the Perseus Digital Library
Pausanias, Graeciae Descriptio. 3 vols. Leipzig, Teubner. 1903. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Tzetzes, John, Allegories of the Iliad translated by Goldwyn, Adam J. and Kokkini, Dimitra. Dumbarton Oaks Medieval Library, Harvard University Press, 2015.
Princes in Greek mythology
Children of Priam
Trojans
People of the Trojan War
Characters in the Iliad
Characters in Greek mythology
Kundai Leroy Jeremiah Benyu (born 12 December 1997) is a professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for ÍBV. Born in England, they represent Zimbabwe at international level.
Early life
Benyu was born to Zimbabwean parents on 12 December 1997 in Camden Town, London. They grew up in Harlow, Essex.
Club career
Ipswich Town
Benyu joined Ipswich Town at the age of nine, signing their first professional contract after turning 17.
Aldershot Town (loan)
On 7 December 2016, Benyu joined Aldershot Town on a one-month loan deal. The loan was subsequently extended several times, allowing Benyu to finish the 2016–17 season with the National League side.
Celtic
On 29 June 2017, it was announced that Benyu had signed a four-year contract with Celtic. The midfielder scored on their first appearance for the club's development squad, in a pre-season friendly against East Kilbride. Benyu made their competitive debut in Celtic's 4–0 victory over Linfield at Celtic Park.
Oldham Athletic (loan)
On 6 January 2018, Benyu joined Oldham Athletic on loan until the end of the 2017–18 season. They made their league debut for the club on 13 January 2018 in a 1–1 home draw with Rotherham United. They were subbed off in the 74th minute, and replaced by Aaron Amadi-Holloway.
Helsingborgs (loan)
Benyu joined Swedish club Helsingborg on a season-long loan in February 2019.
Wealdstone
Benyu signed for Wealdstone on 2 October 2020. On 19 February 2021, Benyu departed by mutual consent after making twelve league appearances for the club.
Iceland
In February 2021, they have moved to Icelandic 1. deild side Vestri. In May 2022, they moved up a division to join Besta-deild karla side ÍBV.
International career
Benyu's impressive performances for Aldershot Town earned them international recognition, receiving a call-up from Zimbabwe for their 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Liberia.
They made their full international Zimbabwe debut in a 1–0 defeat to Lesotho in Maseru on 8 November 2017.
Career statistics
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
Footballers from Camden Town
English people of Zimbabwean descent
People with acquired Zimbabwean citizenship
European sportspeople of Zimbabwean descent
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Zimbabwean footballers
Zimbabwe international footballers
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Ipswich Town F.C. players
Aldershot Town F.C. players
Celtic F.C. players
Oldham Athletic A.F.C. players
Helsingborgs IF players
Wealdstone F.C. players
Vestri (football club) players
Íþróttabandalag Vestmannaeyja players
Scottish Professional Football League players
National League (English football) players
Allsvenskan players
1. deild karla players
Úrvalsdeild karla (football) players
Expatriate footballers in Sweden
English expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Expatriate footballers in Iceland
English expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Outschool, Inc. is an American online marketplace of virtual classes for children. It is headquartered in San Francisco, California.
History
Outschool was co-founded in 2015 by Amir Nathoo, alongside former Google employee Mikhail Seregine and Nick Grandy, an engineer working for Airbnb.
Using seed money from startup accelerator Y Combinator, Nathoo and company created the platform's website in 2016; the first class was released shortly after in 2017.
In September 2020, Outschool raised $45 million in a round of Series B funding led by Lightspeed. This was followed in April 2021 by $75 million of Series C funding, causing the company to become a unicorn valued at $1.3 billion. In October 2021, the firm raised $110M in Series D funding led by Tiger Global Management, which brought its valuation to $3 billion.
References
Online marketplaces of the United States
Educational websites
Unusually shaped fruits and vegetables have a shape not in line with its normal body plan. While some examples are just oddly shaped, others are heralded for their amusing appearance, often because they resemble a body part such as the buttocks or genitalia. Pareidolia can be common in vegetables, with some people reporting the appearance of religious imagery.
Causes
Vegetables usually grow into an unusual shape due to environmental conditions. Damage to one part of the vegetable can cause the growth to slow in that area while the rest grows at the normal rate. When a root vegetable is growing and the tip is damaged, it can sometimes split, forming multiple roots attached at one point. If a plant is in the primordium (embryonic development) stage, damage to the growing vegetable can cause more extreme mutations.
The unusual shape can also be forced upon the vegetable. In Japan, farmers of the Zentsuji region found a way to grow square watermelons by growing the fruits in glass boxes and letting them naturally assume the shape of the receptacle. The square-shaped watermelon was intended to make the melons easier to stack and store, but because the melons must be picked before they are ripe they are inedible; the cubic watermelons are also often more than double the price of normal watermelons. Using similar techniques, growers have also created more complex shapes of watermelon, including dice, pyramids, and faces.
Root vegetables, especially those such as carrots and parsnips, will naturally grow around or avoid obstacles in the soil such as small stones and other foreign objects to prevent damage to the developing root, resulting in a wide variety of different shapes.
Legislation
In the European Union, attempts to introduce legislation prohibiting the sale of misshapen fruit and vegetables were defeated. The proposed "uniform standardisation parameters" would have applied to straight bananas and curved cucumbers, as well as to more extreme cases such as carrots with multiple "legs", or fused fruit. The main concern for opponents of the proposed legislation was the ethical question of the wastage it would have generated if growers were forced to discard up to 20% of their crop, produce that was nutritionally identical to more regularly shaped specimens.
Changing consumer behaviour
As of 2015, around 40% of commercially-grown fruits and vegetables are not eaten as they do not meet retailers' cosmetic standards. In France, the campaign aims to encourage the purchase of more unusually shaped vegetables and fruits to combat food waste.
Competitions
It is common in some countries to celebrate the diversity of vegetable shapes, with particularly unusual items being entered into competitions. Many of these are judged by the ugliness of the vegetable. Some organisations run contests in which gardeners enter the largest vegetables that they have grown.
In popular culture
The popular BBC television program That's Life! mixed investigative journalism with more lighthearted sections, which included items on unusually shaped vegetables.
The BBC comedy television program Blackadder contains several jokes relating to the character Baldrick and their obsession with odd-shaped turnips. The most notable example occurs in the episode "Beer", in which Baldrick discovers a turnip shaped like a "thingy," giving rise to several jokes throughout the episode.
Gallery
See also
Supernumerary body part
Square watermelon
References
External links
Love Carrots and Other Vegetables - "A sporadic photographic journal of weird or humorous vegetables".
The Mutato Collection - "A collection of non-standard fruits, roots and vegetables".
MoFa-Museum of Food Anomalies - "An online exhibition of the Art of Regular Food Gone Horribly Wrong."
"Attempt at EU-wide 'wonky fruit and veg' ban fails."
Vegetables
Darab Kola (, also Romanized as Dārāb Kolā and Dārāb Kalā; also known as Dārab Qal‘eh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,661, in 1,170 families.
References
Populated places in Miandorud County
Age of consent reform is an effort to change age of consent laws. Proposed reforms typically include raising, lowering, or abolishing the age of consent, applying (or not applying) close-in-age exemptions, changing penalties, or changing how cases are examined in court. A related issue is whether or not to enforce ages of consent on homosexual relationships that are different from those enforced on heterosexual relationships. Organized efforts have ranged from academic discussions to political petitions.
Initiatives to change the age of consent
There have been many initiatives to raise and lower the age of consent. Gratian, a canon lawyer in the 12th century, stated that females and males could not consent to betrothal before 7 years of age and consent could not take place for marriage (sexual intercourse) before 12 years of age for females and 14 years of age for males. At that time, the age of consent for marriage (sexual intercourse) was about 12 years old for females and about 14 years old for males, in most European countries. Today age of consent for sexual intercourse is usually set between 14 years old and 18 years old, in Western countries.
Western Europe
United Kingdom
In 1275, the English government set the age of consent at 12 years old for females as part of a rape law and a 1576 law was created with more severe punishments for which the age of consent was set at 10 years old for females. Jurist Sir Matthew Hale stated that both rape laws were valid at the same time.
Age of consent for marriage (sexual intercourse) was set at 12 years old for maidens (girls) and 14 years old for youths (boys), under English common law. Age of majority was set at 21 years old, adolescent males and adolescent females needed parental consent to marry.
In 1875 the Offence Against the Persons Act raised it to 13 in Great Britain and Ireland. The Criminal Law Amendment Act of 1885 raised it to 16. In 1917, a bill raising the age of consent in Great Britain and Ireland from 16 to 17 was defeated by only one vote. In Northern Ireland in 1950 the legislature of Northern Ireland passed a law called Children and Young Persons Act in 1950 that raised the age of consent from 16 to 17.
In 1929, age of consent for marriage (sexual intercourse) was raised to 16 years old for both, females and males. In 1970, the age of majority was lowered from 21 years old to 18 years old, making it legal for males and females 18 years old and older to marry without parental consent.
France
In 1977 while a reform in the French penal code was under discussion in the parliament, a petition to decriminalize all consensual relations between adults and children/teenagers below the age of fifteen was sent to Parliament but did not succeed in changing the law. In 1978 the petition was discussed in a broadcast by radio France Culture in the program "Dialogues", with the transcript later published under the title Sexual Morality and the Law in a book by Michel Foucault, later published again under the title The Danger of Child Sexuality. The participants, including Foucault, play-writer/actor Jean Danet and novelist/gay activist Guy Hocquenghem had all signed the petition.
Netherlands
Between 1990 and 2002, the Netherlands operated what was in effect an age of consent of 12, subject to qualifications. The relevant law, passed in November 1990, permitted sexual intercourse for young people between 12 and 16, but allowed a challenge by parents based on erosion of parental authority or child exploitation, which would be heard by a Council for the Protection of Children. In 1979, the Dutch Pacifist Socialist Party supported an unsuccessful petition to lower the age of consent to 12.
Eastern Europe
Russia
Before 1922
Before 1830 the age of consent for marriage (sexual intercourse) was 15 years old for males and 13 years old for females (though 15 years old was preferred for females, so much so that it was written into the Law Code of 1649). Teenage marriage was practiced for chastity. Both the female and the male teenager needed consent of their parents to marry because they were under 20 years old, the age of majority. In 1830, the age of consent for marriage (sexual intercourse) was raised to 18 years old for males and 16 years old for females (though 18 years old was preferred for females). The average age of marriage (sexual intercourse) for females was around 19 years old.
After 1991
Russia in 1998 lowered the age of consent from 16 to 14, but in 2002 raised the age of consent from 14 back to 16. Since then penalties have also generally increased. Vladimir Putin said that a party advocating lowering the age of consent cannot be legally registered (hence, be a legal party) in Russia.
North America
Canada
In June 2006, the Canadian government proposed a bill to raise the age of consent from 14 to 16 (in 1890, it was raised from 12 to 14), while creating a near-age exemption for sex between 14- to 15-year-olds and partners less than 5 years older, and keeping an existing near-age clause for sex between 12 and 13 year olds and partners less than 2 years older. The initiative also maintains a temporary exception for already existing marriages of minors 14 and 15 years old to adults, but forbids new marriages like these in the future. The law took effect May 1, 2008.
United States
18th century
The age of consent in question has to do with the law of rape and not the law of marriage (sexual intercourse) as sometimes misunderstood. Under English common law the age of consent, a part of the law of rape, was 10 or 12 years old and rape was defined as forceful sexual intercourse with a woman against them will. To convict a man of rape, both force and lack of consent had to be proved, except in the case of a girl who is under the age of consent. English common law existed in the British colonies of America and was adopted by Delaware and other states in 1776.
19th and 20th centuries
In Delaware, the age of consent was 10 years old until 1871 when it was lowered to 7 years old. Under the 1871 law, a man was given the death penalty for sex with a girl below the age of consent.
In 1880, 37 states had an age of consent of 10 years, 10 states had an age of consent at 12 years, and Delaware had an age of consent of 7 years.
In the late-19th century, a "social purity movement" composed of Christian feminist reform groups began advocating a raise in the age of consent to 16, with the goal of raising it ultimately to 18. By 1920, 26 states had an age of consent at 16, 21 states had an age of consent at 18, and one state (Georgia) had an age of consent at 14.
Alaska was bought from the Russians and became the 49th state of U.S. in 1959. The age of consent was 16 years old. Hawaii became the 50th state of U.S. in 1959. The age of consent was 14 years old.
Two final states legislating their ages of consent into the 15–18 range were Georgia and Hawaii, from 14 to 16, raised in 1995 and 2001, respectively. One state (Colorado) had the age of consent at 15, having been lowered from 18 years old because age of majority was lowered from 21 years old to 18 in 1970.
Present
As of October 16, 2020, the age of consent in each state in the United States was either 16 years of age, 17 years of age, or 18 years of age.
Alabama
In 2012, Alabama State Representative Mac McCutcheon sponsored a bill to raise the age of consent from 16 to 18. As of August 2018, the age of consent in Alabama remains 16.
Hawaii
In 2001, the legislature in Hawaii voted to raise the age of consent from 14 to 16.
Georgia
In June 2005, a bill was proposed before the General Assembly of Georgia (USA) to raise the age of consent from 16 to 18. The bill failed, however.
Georgia was the most resistant state to raising its age of consent in the early 1900s. Georgia's age of consent was 10 years old until 1918, at which time the age of consent was raised to 14. After raising the age of consent in 1918, Georgia was the only state in the United States to have an age of consent lower than 16. Georgia's age of consent remained at 14 until 1995, when a bill proposed by senator Steve Langford to make the age of consent 16 passed.
In 2006, following the case of Genarlow Wilson (Wilson v. State), aggravated child molestation was reduced to a misdemeanor with a maximum of one year in prison if the offender was under 19, the victim was either 14 or 15 years old, and the offender is no more than 48 months older than the victim. (Georgia penal code, 16-6-4). Previously aggravated child molestation (at any age) carried 5–20 years imprisonment regardless of the age difference between the victim and offender.
Kentucky
Under Kentucky law, a person who is sixteen years of age or older may consent to a sexual act with a person not more than ten years older than the minor, but otherwise below the age of eighteen is presumed to be incapable of consent to a sexual act. However, where a person is in a position of authority over the minor such as a teacher, coach or relative, whatever the age difference, a minor below the age of eighteen is deemed incapable of consent.
Missouri
In 2008 a bill was introduced in the Missouri legislature to raise the age of consent from 17 to 18. The bill was sponsored by Representative Stanley Cox. The bill did not become law.
South Carolina
In South Carolina in 2007 a bill was proposed before the legislature to raise the age of consent from 16 to 18. It did not succeed.
Wisconsin
Prior to 1981 Wisconsin had an exception to the law that allowed adults who were guilty of sex with minors 15 or older to use as a defense that the victim understood the nature of the sexual act, but there was a rebuttable presumption in Wisconsin that minors under the age of 18 were not capable of informed consent to sex, but as stated, this could be argued against by the defendant in the court of law if the minor was 15 years of age or older. In 1981 the age of consent was lowered from 18 to 16 in Wisconsin, but at the same time it was made an automatic felony to have sex with anyone under 16, informed consent for a 15-year-old was no longer a defense an adult defendant could use in court. In 1983 the age of consent in Wisconsin was raised from 16 to 18, under the new law sex with a minor 16 or older carried the lesser penalty of a Class A Misdemeanor. A marital exemption was included in the law for an adult who was married to a minor 16 or older, but no close-in-age exception was.
South America
Peru
The age of consent in Peru was increased from 14 to 18 in 2006 as elections approached, but in 2007, Peru's new Congress voted to return the age to 14 regardless of gender and/or sexual orientation. However, after strong public opposition, the law was raised back to 18 on June 27, 2007, by a vote of 74 to zero (22 abstentions). It was returned to 14 in December 2012.
Asia
India
In January 2004, a Division bench of the Kerala's High Court in Southern India suggested that the age of consent should be raised from 16 to 18 in that state. Justice R. Basant said they considered "illogic(al)" that a legal system in which an age of 18 is used for other purposes – like the Indian Majority Act, the Contract Act, the Juvenile Justice Act, the Child Marriage Restraint Act and the Representation of People Act – has a different approach in the case of sexual consent. The age of consent in India was raised from 16 to 18 in 2012.
In the West
Male homosexuality
United Kingdom
The male homosexual age of consent in the United Kingdom was set at 21 in the Sexual Offences Act of 1967, lowered to 18 in the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, and then finally lowered equally to 16 in England and Wales and Scotland in the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act of 2000. In 1970, the age of majority was lowered from 21 years old to 18 years old.
United States
Philip Jenkins said in the mid-1970s, there was widespread sympathy among homosexual activist groups for lowering the age of consent for all sexual activities with many gay publications discussing lowering it for boys. These tensions and antagonisms continued among activist circles until the 1980s; however, since the 1970s, gay liberationist groups promoting frontline advocacy against the age of consent were falling into decline. In 1971, the age of majority was lowered from 21 years old to 18 years old, except in Mississippi (21), Alabama (19), and Nebraska (19).
Close-in-age exemptions
In the United States, many states have adopted close-in-age exemptions. These laws, known as "Romeo and Juliet laws" provide that a person can legally have consensual sex with a minor provided that they or they are not more than a given number of years older, generally four years or less. Some Romeo and Juliet laws (such as the law in Michigan) do not make it legal for a person below the age of consent to have sex with a slightly older person, but may exempt the older partner from sex offender registration.
Romeo and Juliet laws were passed in 2007 in Connecticut and Indiana. In Indiana, a change in the law decriminalizes consensual sex between adolescents if they are found by a court to be in a "dating relationship" with an age difference of four years or less and other states have adopted other reforms. Michigan passed a Romeo and Juliet Law in 2011.
These reforms have been controversial. In Texas, Governor Rick Perry vetoed Romeo and Juliet laws that had been passed by the legislature in 2009, but signed one in 2011 to go into effect in September of that year. A 2011 Romeo and Juliet bill failed to pass in the Illinois legislature. In the State v. Limon case, Kansas's Romeo and Juliet law was found to be unconstitutional because it excluded same-sex sexual conduct.
Some countries other than the United States also have Romeo and Juliet laws. Ireland's 2006 law has been contested because it treats girls differently from boys.
Advocacy for child-adult relationships
Some have called to abolish the age of consent to allow children and adults to have relationships. Past groups advocating for this include NAMBLA in the United States and Vereniging Martijn in the Netherlands.
See also
Age of Consent Act, 1891
Age of consent reform in the United Kingdom
Age of consent reform in Canada
Age of consent
List of countries by age of consent
Ages of consent in Africa
Ages of consent in Asia
Ages of consent in Europe
Ages of consent in Oceania
Ages of consent in North America
Ages of consent in the United States
Ages of consent in South America
Age of consent in Brazil
Half your age plus seven
Sex education
Sexual consent in law
Comprehensive sex education
References
Reform
Reform
Pedophile advocacy
Ashchurch for Tewkesbury is a railway station serving the North Gloucestershire and South Worcestershire Area from the outskirts of Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire, England. The station is located less than from junction 9 of the M5 motorway and located on the main Bristol–Birmingham main line north of Cheltenham Spa and was opened on 1 June 1997 by Railtrack. There are regular bus connections from the station to Tewkesbury town centre, which is located two miles to the west. Apart from a few peak journeys on service 41/42, there are no bus connections in the opposite direction from Tewkesbury to Ashchurch.
History
The original Ashchurch station was a stop on the Birmingham and Gloucester Railway, authorised in 1836, and whose central section from Bromsgrove to Cheltenham, including Ashchurch, was opened on 24 June 1840 (the line was open throughout a few months later). It subsequently became part of the Midland Railway, later the London, Midland and Scottish Railway during the Grouping of 1923, and finally passed to the London Midland Region of British Railways on nationalisation in 1948. It was then closed by the British Railways Board in November 1971.
Two fatal accidents occurred near the station prior to its original closure – the first on 8 January 1929 and the second forty years later on 8 March 1969.
Stationmasters
Thomas M. Beck until 1861
George Peck 1861 - 1875 (afterwards station master at Tewkesbury)
William Lewin 1875 - 1900
William Watkins 1900 - 1923 (formerly station master at Bromsgrove)
A. Swift 1923 - 1928
Mr. Varcoe from 1928 (formerly station master at Hykeham)
G.S. Jones ca. 1933 ca. 1948
D.V. Carver from 1960 (formerly station master at Winchcombe)
Description
The station reopened by Railtrack on 1 June 1997 on the site of the earlier station which had lain derelict for 26 years. Only one small ruined red-brick shed remains of the original station buildings. In the post-war period, the station had been used both for passenger services and for cargo loading for the nearby army base. A number of cargo sidings still exist nearby. Ashchurch was once a railway centre of some importance, as it was the junction for two branches, one each side of the main line:
1. The Evesham loop line, a lengthy loop serving Evesham, Alcester and Redditch, re-joining the main line at Barnt Green, near Bromsgrove. This line closed between Evesham and Redditch on 1 October 1962 due to poor condition of the track, while Ashchurch to Evesham followed on 17 June 1963 (Redditch to Barnt Green remains open on the electrified Birmingham suburban network). A short portion of this route remains intact today to serve the nearby British Army base.
2. The line to Tewkesbury, Upton-upon-Severn and Malvern, closed beyond Upton on 1 December 1952, Ashchurch to Upton following on 14 August 1961.
At this time Ashchurch station was renamed Ashchurch for Tewkesbury, only for it to be also closed in 1971 having been unstaffed since 14 September 1970. The once sizeable goods yard here had previously closed on 1 June 1964, though MOD traffic continued to be handled. The buildings were demolished in June 1972, and the main line platforms and footbridge were removed early in 1974. There used to be a connecting curve linking the two branches, crossing the main line on the level just north of the station & creating a layout which may have been unique in Britain, but this curve closed in December 1957. There was an extensive goods yard to the south, and to the north west a large grain store.
The remains of the old lines are still apparent, with much of its infrastructure (such as bridges) still in existence. The old connecting curve and the two branches it served can clearly be traced on a map. With much of the Ashchurch to Tewkesbury line now being used as a Cycle and Footpath, this section proved valuable during the 2007 United Kingdom floods as it was the only dry route into and out of Tewkesbury at the time. Work to remove this embankment began in 2013 as it has claimed that its removal will reduce the scale of flooding in the area.
When reopened in 1997, there were considerably more northbound services, with many CrossCountry or former Central Trains services from Cardiff calling there. However, in the early 2000s, these services were withdrawn, reducing the usefulness of the station. Passengers wishing to travel to Birmingham usually had to travel south to Cheltenham Spa, change onto a northbound train, then return northwards, passing through Ashchurch without stopping. From December 2006, some peak time services to and from Birmingham were reintroduced. However, from December 2008, CrossCountry cut the service on weekdays from 7 to 4 northbound services and from 4 (5 on Fridays) to 2 southbound services.
In addition to the A46 road bridge, which does not provide access to the southbound (eastern) platform – the only access to that, including wheelchair access, is by a ramped footbridge over the lines at the station itself. A pushbutton computerised service provides real-time next train announcements. There is a large car park situated adjacent to the northbound (western) platform. The nearest bus stop, from where the Stagecoach West 41/42 service departs to Tewkesbury town centre and Cheltenham is in the car park on the west side of the station. However only a few peak services on service 42 and evening journeys on service 41 operate from Tewkesbury to the railway station.
As the station is unstaffed, tickets must be purchased on the train itself or in advance.
Services
The station is served by two operators. Great Western Railway (GWR) (who manage the station) operate a two-hourly service from Ashchurch to in the north (some continue through to ), and to , , , and in the south, with occasional through trains to either or .
A small number of CrossCountry services between and Nottingham stop here, providing direct trains to Birmingham (mainly in the morning and evening peaks). In the December 2019 timetable, one morning Birmingham service (from Gloucester) continues through to via and rather than Nottingham.
West Midlands Trains's Worcester to Gloucester (calling at Cheltenham and Ashchurch) service has been discontinued since the start of the December 2009 railway timetable due to low passenger usage as has a single service from Birmingham New Street to Gloucester on Friday nights which ran until May 2019.
On Sundays, the service is limited to five trains each way and is provided entirely by GWR.
In 2010 the Ashchurch and Tewkesbury District Rail Promotion Group began campaigning for an improved service to the station. They highlighted the close proximity of the station to Junction 9 of the M5 and the free car-park as being attractive to potential commuters. Cross Country trains run 3 trains per hour in each direction through without stopping and appear to have the potential capacity in the timetable to stop. The group also point out that official figures from the office of rail regulation show 67,000 passengers buying tickets to or from the station in 2008–09. Most other stations with that level of patronage have at least an hourly service. The need for an hourly service between Worcester and Cheltenham has previously been noted by other passenger groups.
References
Station on navigable 1946 O. S. map
Further reading
External links
Ashchurch and Tewksbury District Rail Promotion Group
Disused Stations – Ashchurch
Railway
Railway stations in Gloucestershire
Former Midland Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1840
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1971
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1997
Railway stations served by CrossCountry
Railway stations served by Great Western Railway
Reopened railway stations in Great Britain
DfT Category F2 stations
('beyond the powers') is a Latin phrase used in law to describe an act which requires legal authority but is done without it. Its opposite, an act done under proper authority, is ('within the powers'). Acts that are may equivalently be termed "valid", and those that are termed "invalid".
Legal issues relating to can arise in a variety of contexts:
Companies and other legal persons sometimes have limited legal capacity to act, and attempts to engage in activities beyond their legal capacities may be . Most countries have restricted the doctrine of in relation to companies by statute.
Similarly, statutory and governmental bodies may have limits upon the acts and activities which they legally engage in.
Subordinate legislation which is purported passed without the proper legal authority may be invalid as beyond the powers of the authority which issued it.
Corporate law
In corporate law, describes acts attempted by a corporation that are beyond the scope of powers granted by the corporation's objects clause, its articles of incorporation, its by-laws, similar founding documents, or laws authorizing a corporation's formation. Acts attempted by a corporation that are beyond the scope of its charter are void or voidable.
An transaction cannot be ratified by shareholders, even if they wish it to be ratified.
The doctrine of estoppel usually precluded reliance on the defense of where the transaction was fully performed by one party.
A fortiori, a transaction which was fully performed by both parties could not be attacked.
If the contract was fully executory, the defense of might be raised by either party.
If the contract was partially performed, and the performance was held to be insufficient to bring the doctrine of estoppel into play, a suit for quasi-contract for recovery of benefits conferred was available.
If an agent of the corporation committed a tort within the scope of their or their employment, the corporation could not defend on the ground the act was .
Several modern developments relating to corporate formation have limited the probability that acts will occur. Except in the case of non-profit corporations (including municipal corporations), this legal doctrine is obsolescent; within recent years, almost all business corporations are chartered to allow them to transact any lawful business. The Model Business Corporation Act of the United States states that: "The validity of corporate action may not be challenged on the ground that the corporation lacks or lacked power to act." The doctrine still has some life among non-profit corporations or state-created corporate bodies established for a specific public purpose, such as universities or charities.
United Kingdom
Historically all companies in the United Kingdom were subject to the doctrine of and any act which was outside of the objects specified in a company's memorandum of association would be and void. That result was commercially unpalatable, and led to companies being formed with extremely wide and generic objects clauses permitting a company to engage in all manner of commercial activities.
The position was changed by statute by the Companies Act 1985 which largely abolished the doctrine in relation to commercial companies. The position is now regulated by the Companies Act 2006, sections 31 and 39, which similarly greatly reduces the applicability of in corporate law, although it can still apply in relation to charities and a shareholder may apply for an injunction, in advance only, to prevent an act which is claimed to be .
In many jurisdictions, such as Australia, legislation provides that a corporation has all the powers of a natural person plus others; also, the validity of acts which are made is preserved.
United States
According to American laws, the concept of can still arise in the following kinds of activities in some states:
Charitable or political contributions
Guaranty of indebtedness of another
Loans to officers or directors
Pensions, bonuses, stock option plans, job severance payments, and other fringe benefits
The power to acquire shares of other corporations
The power to enter into a partnership
Constitutional law
Under constitutional law, particularly in Canada and the United States, constitutions give federal and provincial or state governments various powers. To go outside those powers would be ; for example, although the court did not use the term in striking down a federal law in United States v. Lopez on the grounds that it exceeded the constitutional authority of Congress, the Supreme Court still declared the law to be .
According to Article 15.2 of the Irish constitution, the Oireachtas (parliament) is the sole lawmaking body in the Republic of Ireland. In the case of CityView Press v AnCo, however, the Supreme Court of Ireland held that the Oireachtas may delegate certain powers to subordinate bodies through primary legislation, so long as these delegated powers allow the delegatee only to further the principles and policies laid down by the Oireachtas in primary legislation and not craft new principles or policies themselves. Any piece of primary legislation that grants the power to make public policy to a body other than the Oireachtas is unconstitutional; however, as there is a presumption in Irish constitutional law that the Oireachtas acts within the confines of the constitution, any legislation passed by the Oireachtas must be interpreted in such a way as to be constitutionally valid where possible.
Thus, in a number of cases where bodies other than the Oireachtas were found to have used powers granted to them by primary legislation to make public policy, the impugned primary legislation was read in such a way that it would not have the effect of allowing a subordinate body to make public policy. In these cases, the primary legislation was held to be constitutional, but the subordinate or secondary legislation, which amounted to creation of public policy, was held to be the primary legislation and was struck down.
In UK constitutional law, describes patents, ordinances and the like enacted under the prerogative powers of the Crown that contradict statutes enacted by the Crown-in-Parliament. Almost unheard of in modern times, acts by the Crown or its servants were previously a major threat to the rule of law.
Boddington v British Transport Police is an example of an appeal heard by House of Lords that contested that a bylaw was beyond the powers conferred to it under section 67 of the Transport Act 1962.
Administrative law
In administrative law, an act may be judicially reviewable for in a narrow or broad sense. Narrow applies if an administrator did not have the substantive power to make a decision or it was wrought with procedural defects. Broad applies if there is an abuse of power (e.g., Wednesbury unreasonableness or bad faith) or a failure to exercise an administrative discretion (e.g., acting at the behest of another or unlawfully applying a government policy) or application of discretionary powers in irrational and wrong way. Either doctrine may entitle a claimant to various prerogative writs, equitable remedies or statutory orders if they are satisfied.
United Kingdom
In the seminal case of Anisminic v Foreign Compensation Commission, Lord Reid is accredited with formulating the doctrine of . However, , together with unreasonableness, was mentioned much earlier by Lord Russell in the well-known case, Kruse v Johnson, regarding challenging by-laws and other rules. Anisminic is better known for not depriving courts of their jurisdiction to declare a decision a nullity, even if a statute expressly prevents the decision being subject to judicial review. Further cases such as Bromley LBC v Greater London Council and Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for the Civil Service have sought to refine the doctrine.
In Hammersmith and Fulham London Borough Council v Hazell the House of Lords held that interest rate swaps entered into by local authorities (a popular method of circumventing statutory restrictions on local authorities borrowing money at that time) were all and void, sparking a raft of satellite litigation.
See also
Judicial activism
Judicial Review in English Law
Mark Elliott (St Catharine's College, Cambridge proposes the modified doctrine for administrative law, placing it firmly in the correct constitutional setting. (The Ultra Vires Doctrine in a Constitutional Setting: Still the Central Principle of Administrative Law [1999] Cambridge Law Journal Vol. 58 129)
Precedent
Notes
Robert W. Hamilton. The Law of Corporation 4th Edition, 1996 West Group
Administrative law
Latin legal terminology
The Halbic languages belong to the eastern branch of the Indo-Aryan languages and are mainly spoken in southern Chhattisgarh in India. They are transitional between Odia and Marathi. They include Halbi, Kamar, Bhunjia and Nahari.
References
Eastern Indo-Aryan languages
Samuel Lipscomb Seckham (Oxford 25 October 1827 – 4 February 1901) was an English Victorian architect, developer, magistrate and brewer.
They were born in Oxford, and later became the City Surveyor. They were the original architect employed by St John's College, Oxford to develop parts of North Oxford. They developed Park Town, an early and prominent estate in North Oxford. Through Seckham's efforts, the Park Town Estate Company was formed in September 1857. Such was the success of Park Town, they also worked on plans for Walton Manor and Norham Manor.
Seckham developed Bletchley Park, which they purchased in 1877 and sold in 1883 to Sir Herbert Samuel Leon (1850–1926), a financier and Liberal MP. Bletchley Park later became famous for the World War II codebreaking effort there.
In 1889, Seckham purchased and occupied Whittington Old Hall, a 16th-century mansion house at Whittington near Lichfield in Staffordshire.
They became High Sheriff of Staffordshire in 1890. They also held the office of Deputy Lieutenant (DL).
Seckham married Kinbarra Sweene Smith and had a daughter Kinbarra Swene Seckham. There is memorial panelling for Seckham in St Giles Church at Whittington.
References
External links
Samuel Lipscombe Seckham DL
1827 births
1900 deaths
Architects from Oxford
19th-century English architects
British real estate businesspeople
English brewers
19th-century English judges
Lord-Lieutenants of Staffordshire
Deputy Lieutenants in England
High Sheriffs of Staffordshire
19th-century English businesspeople
English justices of the peace
Château de Cherbourg was a castle in Cherbourg, Normandy, France.
A castle has existed at Cherbourg since the 10th century. The castle was besieged and captured by the French from the English garrison in 1450.
References
Stéphane William Gondoin. Les châteaux forts au temps de Guillaume le Conquérant. September 2015
Castles in Manche
Cherbourg-Octeville
Ruined castles in Normandy
Jokerit F.C. is a football club based in Helsinki, Finland which competes in the Tali Halli TN. The club is the "phoenix club" of FC Jokerit, who were founded in 1999 and were sold to rivals HJK Helsinki in 2004, and re- branded as Klubi-04. The club currently competes at the Sonera Stadium, recently reconstructed in 2010, which has a full capacity of 10,770.
Squad
Below is the team list of Jokerit FC. The majority of the team are Finnish, with two foreign (non-Finnish) players: from Ukraine and Mexico respectively.
Achievements
FC Jokerit have won their domestic league, Tali Halli TN, once. They have not achieved any league cup silverware. They first competed in the Finnish Suomen Cup in the 2014/2015 season, reaching the 3rd round. They have reached the 3rd round of the Finnish Suomen Cup twice, losing to FC Viikingit II 1-5 the first time, and to Toolon Wesa 0-2 the second time.
Coaching staff
Jokerit FC has 4 coaches: Unto Virkkala, the manager and head coach, Jussi Marttila, the assistant head coach and youth team manager, Denys Pervov, the goalkeeping coach and first- team goalkeeper and Kimmo Stalhammer, the coach and opposition scout.
Youth Team and Academy
Jokerit FC 2 is Jokerit FC's youth academy. It is managed by Jussi Marttila, who is also the first team's Assistant Head Coach.
Academy Players
Below is the list of Jokerit FC 2's players.
Under-8's Teams
FC Jokerit have run coaching sessions and an under-8's section for children since the foundation of the club in 2012. The sessions are run by the club's manager, Unto Virkkala, and the club's Academy manager, Jussi Marttilla. The Under-8's section play fixtures during the week. Most of the club's players have come up through these sections.
References
Jokerit
Jeffrey Kenneth Aronson (born 1947) is a British clinical pharmacologist.
Aronson studied at the University of Glasgow from 1964 to 1973, and at the Medical Research Council's unit of clinical pharmacology at Oxford.
They were a reader in clinical pharmacology at the University of Oxford, and was an honorary consultant physician for the Oxford Radcliffe Hospitals Trust.
They served as president of the British Pharmacological Society in the 2008 to 2009 period; as vice-chairperson of the Medicines Commission from 2002 to 2005; and as editor-in-chief of the British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology from 2003 to 2007. They also served as chair of the British Pharmacopoeia Commission's Expert Advisory Group on Nomenclature from 2006; as a member of the Formulary Committees of the British National Formulary from 2006, and of the British National Formulary for Children from 2003.
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, an Honorary Fellow of the British Pharmacological Society and an Honorary Fellow of the Faculty of Pharmaceutical Medicine.
References
External links
1947 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Clinical pharmacologists
Fellows of Green Templeton College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
Josh Shipp, (born January 20, 1982) is an American motivational speaker for teachers, best-selling author, and TV personality.  They are most known for their TEDx talk entitled "Every Kid is One Caring Adult Away from Being a Success Story" and their television programs including Teen Trouble which aired on Lifetime and A&E executive produced by Ellen Rakieten of The Oprah Winfrey Show.
Josh was president of Oklahoma DECA in high school and began speaking professionally at the age of 17. They have since spoken at large events such as the National FFA convention and the SADD National Convention. Josh has been a spokesperson for National Foster Care Month, wrote a teen advice column for Cosmogirl!, and appeared as a teen advice correspondent on MTV‘s Total Request Live.
Their recent work focuses on the impact parents, teachers, and caring adults have in the life of a child.
Television shows
Other television appearances
Josh has also appeared as a guest on Good Morning America, Take Part Live, The Steve Harvey Show, Anderson Cooper Live, The Jeff Probst Show, and others to discuss issues related to teens, parents, and teachers.
Books
The Teen's Guide to World Domination: Advice on Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Awesomeness, St. Martins Press
Jump Ship: Ditch Your Dead-End Job and Turn Your Passion into a Profession, St. Martins Press
The Grown-Up's Guide to Teenage Humans: How to Decode Their Behavior, Develop Unshakable Trust, and Raise a Respectable Adult, Harper Wave
No Matter What: A Foster Care Tale, Familius
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
American motivational writers
American motivational speakers
American Internet celebrities
American self-help writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
People from Yukon, Oklahoma
People from Los Gatos, California
Inhamitanga is a town in Cheringoma District in Sofala Province of Mozambique.
Transport
It is served by a station on the Mozambique Railway system, where it is a junction.
Inhamitanga is connected by an unpaved road R1002 with Chupanga.
See also
Transport in Mozambique
Railway stations in Mozambique
References
Populated places in Sofala Province
Neohelix divesta is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Polygyridae.
References
Polygyridae
Paresh Ganatra (born 19 February 1965) is an Indian television, stage and film actor.  They are known for their role as Praveen Thakkar in the Star Plus comedy series Baa Bahoo Aur Baby (2005–2010), SAB TV's sitcom Chidiya Ghar and films like No Entry (2005), Rowdy Rathore (2012) amongst others.
Early life and education
Paresh Ganatra was born on 19 February 1965 in a Gujarati household in Mumbai, India, where was brought up. They did their schooling from Lions Juhu High School in 1981. Thereafter they graduated from Narsee Monjee College of Commerce and Economics in 1986, and joined Management studies at Somaiya College, Mumbai.
Career
Participating in theatre while in still college, they started their acting career with Gujarati theatre in the city from 1984 to 1992. They made their film debut with a role in Mann in 1999. They acted in TV series Ek Mahal Ho Sapnon Ka, a Colonial Cousins music video, TV commercials (including Symphony Air Coolers, Tata Phones, Coffee Bite, LG TV, Nerolac, Dabur and McDonald's), when they reached fame with the 2002 multi-star hit film Aankhen.
From then on, they have been active in Bollywood.  They are known for their comic roles in comedic films, including No Entry, Welcome, Money Hai Toh Honey Hai and Delhi Belly amongst others. Rowdy Rathore, in which Paresh played a supporting role with Akshay Kumar, became a milestone for them as it succeeded at the box office. They worked in the comedy film, Bol Bachchan, starring Ajay Devgn, Abhishek Bachchan, Asin Thottumkal, Prachi Desai and directed by Rohit Shetty.
Filmography
Mann (1999)
Kai Zhala (2001)
Aankhen (2002)
No Entry (2005)
Dil Diya Hai (2006)
Welcome (2007)
Money Hai Toh Honey Hai (2008)
Khallballi: Fun Unlimited (2008)
Khicdi: The Movie (2010)
No Problem (2010)
Delhi Belly (2011)
Rowdy Rathore (2012)
Main Krishna Hoon (2013)
Shree (2013)
Ramaiya Vastavaiya (2013)
Shelter Skelter (2013)
Freaky Ali (2016)
Yamla Pagla Deewana Phir se (2018)
Dabangg 3 (2019)
As a Producer
Threesome (2018)
Television
Web
References
External links
Male actors in Hindi cinema
Indian male television actors
Indian male comedians
1973 births
Living people
Gujarati people
Male actors from Mumbai
University of Mumbai alumni
Indian male stage actors
Indian stand-up comedians
Indian male film actors
Indian male soap opera actors
20th-century Indian male actors
21st-century Indian male actors
Pádraig de Brún (13 October 1889 – 5 June 1960), also called Patrick Joseph Monsignor Browne, was an Irish clergyman, mathematician, poet, and classical scholar, who served as President of University College, Galway (UCG). They were also known in friendly informal circles as Paddy Browne.
Formation
De Brún was born at Grangemockler, County Tipperary, in 1889, the son of a primary school teacher, Maurice Browne. They were educated locally, at Rockwell College, Cashel, and at Holy Cross College, Clonliffe, Dublin (at both they were tutored in mathematics by Éamon de Valera). in 1909 they were awarded a BA from the Royal University of Ireland, they were awarded an M.A. degree by the National University of Ireland, and won a travelling scholarship in mathematics and mathematical physics, enabling them to pursue further studies in Paris. They were ordained as a Catholic priest at the Irish College in Paris in 1913, the same year they earned their D.Sc. in mathematics from the Sorbonne under Emile Picard.
After a period at the University of Göttingen, de Brún was appointed professor of mathematics at St. Patrick's College, Maynooth, in 1914. In April 1945, they were elected by the Senate of the National University of Ireland to succeed John Hynes as President of University College, Galway, an office they held until their retirement in 1959. The School of Mathematics, Mathematical Physics and Statistics is based in Áras de Brún, a building named in their honour. They subsequently became Chairman of the Arts Council of Ireland, a position they held until their death in 1960. They also served as chairperson of the Council of the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies.
They were close friend of the executed 1916 leader Seán Mac Diarmada.
De Brún was a prolific writer of poetry, including the well-known poem in the Irish language "Tháinig Long ó Valparaiso". They translated into Irish many classical works, including Homer's Iliad and Odyssey, Sophocles' Antigone and Oedipus Rex, and Plutarch's Lives, as well as Dante's The Divine Comedy.
The French Government awarded de Brún the title of Chevalier of the Legion d'Honneur in 1949, and in 1956, the order Al Merito della Repubblica Italiana was conferred on them by the President of Italy. They were created a domestic prelate (a Monsignor) by the Pope in 1950.
De Brún died in Dublin on 5 June 1960. Their brother was Cardinal Michael Browne. Their sister, Margaret Browne, married the Irish revolutionary and statesman Seán MacEntee with whom they had a daughter, Máire (the Irish language poet scholar, Máire Mhac an tSaoi). They bought land in Dún Chaoin in the County Kerry Gaeltacht, and in the 1920s they built a house there, where their sisters children would stay.
The Big Sycamore (1958) is a fictionalised account of the early life of the Browne family, written (under the pen-name Joseph Brady) by their brother, Maurice Browne.
Sources
Obituary, The Irish Times, 6 June 1960
University College Galway
References
External links
1889 births
1960 deaths
University of Paris alumni
Alumni of Clonliffe College
20th-century Irish-language poets
Irish mathematicians
20th-century Irish Roman Catholic priests
People from County Tipperary
Translators to Irish
Translators of Dante Alighieri
People educated at Rockwell College
Presidents of the University of Galway
Irish expatriates in France
Translators from Italian
Academics of the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies
Academics of St Patrick's College, Maynooth
The 2017 M-150 Cup is the tournament for under-23 national teams, held from 9–15 December at Buriram, Buriram Province, Thailand. The tournament is sponsored by M-150.
Venue
All matches held at the New I-Mobile Stadium in Buriram Province, Thailand.
Matches
All times are local, Indochina Time (UTC+7)
Group A
Group B
Third place play-off
Final
Winner
Goalscorers
4 goals
Zabikhillo Urinboev
Nguyễn Công Phượng
2 goals
Ayase Ueda
Yuta Kamiya
Bobir Abdixolikov
Nguyễn Quang Hải
1 goal
Ren Komatsu
Shion Inoue
Yoichi Naganuma
Lwin Moe Aung
Sithu Aung
Ri Hun
Chaiyawat Buran
Saringkan Promsupa
Supachok Sarachat
Phan Văn Long
References
2017 in association football
2017 in Thai football
Buriram province
John Sanford (June 3, 1803 – October 4, 1857) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Biography
Early life
John Sanford was born in Roxbury, Connecticut. They were the second son of Sarah Curtis (1771–1856) and their husband Stephen Sandford I (1769–1848). Their brother was Nehemiah Curtis Sanford, who was the father of Henry Shelton Sanford, the diplomat who founded the city of Sanford, Florida.
Career
They moved to Amsterdam, New York, in 1821 where they taught school. They later taught in Mayfield and also engaged in mercantile pursuits there. They were elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-seventh Congress (March 4, 1841 – March 3, 1843). They returned to Amsterdam and founded a carpet mill but the factory was destroyed by fire in 1854, whereupon they retired from active business.
Personal life
In 1822, they married Amsterdam native Mary Slack (1803–1888). They had three daughters and three sons:
Sarah Caroline (1824–1871)
Stephen (1826–1913)
Nelson (1828–1848)
David (1830–1885)
Aledah (born 1833)
Harriette (born 1836)
They died in Amsterdam in 1857 and was interred there in the Green Hill Cemetery.
Their son Stephen served in Congress and operated the family carpet business, as did their grandson John Sanford II. Originally Sanford Carpet, the company merged with another manufacturer to become Bigelow-Sanford. Bigelow-Sanford later became part of Mohawk Industries, a maker of carpet and other flooring.
Sources
References
Schenectady Digital History Archive — a service of the Schenectady County Public Library
1803 births
1857 deaths
19th-century American businesspeople
John
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
19th-century American politicians
Foxy Shazam is the third studio album by the American rock band Foxy Shazam. It was released on April 13, 2010, by Sire Records. The album was originally titled Au Contraire and was their debut major label release.
Track listing
All songs written and composed by Foxy Shazam.
Foxy Shazam
Au Contraire (pre-release)
B-sides
"Teenage Demon Baby" - 3:36 (iTunes deluxe edition)
"Some Kind of Love" - 3:07 (iTunes deluxe edition)
"Dog In Love with Kitty" - 2:43 (Shockhound.com exclusive bonus track)
"You and Me" - 4:30 (only on early pre-release version of the album)
"Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow" - 3:33 (only on a limited tour edition 7" vinyl single of Oh Lord)
Personnel
Foxy Shazam
Eric Sean Nally - Vocals
Loren Daniel Turner - Guitars
Sky Vaughn White - Keyboards
Daisy Caplan - Bass
Alex Nauth - Horns/Backing vocals
Thomas Pridgen - Drums
Extra personnel
Luke Johnson, the drummer for bands Lostprophets and No Devotion, recorded the drum parts of the song "Unstoppable."
Charts
References
2010 albums
Foxy Shazam albums
Sire Records albums
Albums produced by John Feldmann
Súper Estrella was a Honduran football club, based in Danlí, Honduras. The club played in the Honduran Liga Nacional for four seasons from 1989 to 1991.
History
Súper Estrella obtained promotion to Liga Nacional on December 1988 as winners of the 1988 Honduran Segunda División. They became the first team to represent El Paraíso Department in the top division where they played four consecutive years from 1989–90 to 1992–93. However, they didn't make a big impact. The club owns the negative record of being the only team in league's history of spending a whole season without a single victory. This happened in 1992–93 with a 0–6–21 record, resulting in the team's relegation to Segunda División.
Achievements
Segunda División
Winners (1): 1988
Ascenso 1B 1986
Ascenso 1A 1987
League performance
References
Football clubs in Honduras
Jeong Mi (born July 27, 1970) is a South Korean sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s. They were eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 500 m event at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
External links
Sports-reference.com profile
1970 births
Canoeists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of South Korea
South Korean female canoeists
This article lists Russian river passenger ships operated in the Soviet Union and modern Russia.
Long voyage river passenger ships
Motorships
Amur class motorship (project 386/Q-003), 2-deck
Anton Chekhov class motorship (project Q-056), 4-deck
Borodino class motorship (pre-Soviet project), 2-deck
Baykal class motorship (project 646), 2-deck
Dunay class motorship (project 305), 2-deck
Dmitriy Furmanov class motorship (project 302), 4-deck
Ivan Kalita class motorship (project 331), 1-deck
Lenin class motorship (project 20), 3-deck
Maksim Gorkiy class motorship (project Q-040), 4-deck
Oktyabrskaya Revolyutsiya class motorship (project 26-37), 3-deck
Otdykh class motorship (project R-80), 3-deck, catamarane
Rodina class motorship (project 588), 3-deck
Rossiya class motorship (project 785), 2-deck
Rossiya class motorship (project 1877), 2-deck
Sergey Yesenin class motorship (project Q-065), 3-deck
Ukraina class motorship (project Q-053), 3-deck
Valerian Kuybyshev class motorship (project 92-016), 4-deck
Vasiliy Surikov class motorship (project Q-040A), 4-deck
Vladimir Ilyich class motorship (project 301), 4-deck
Volga class motorship (project Q-031), 3-deck
Yerofey Khabarov class motorship (project 860), 2-deck
Steamships
Lev Tolstoy class steamship, 1,5-deck
N. V. Gogol steamship, 2-deck
Ryazan class steamship (project 737), 2-deck
References
!
!
Edward Gnat (1 March 1940 – 6 January 2021) was a Polish politician.
Biography
They served as a Member of the Sejm from 1985–1989 and from 1993–1997. Gnat was born in Maurzyce, and died in Łódź, aged 80, of COVID-19 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Poland.
References
1940 births
2021 deaths
People from Łowicz County
Polish farmers
Polish People's Party politicians
Recipients of the Order of Polonia Restituta
Members of the Polish Sejm 1993–1997
Members of the Polish Sejm 1985–1989
Deaths from the COVID-19 pandemic in Poland
Stedden is a village in the borough of Winsen (Aller) in the Lower Saxon district of Celle in North Germany. It lies on the river Aller and close to the river Örtze and has a population of just over 300. In 1985 it celebrated its 750th anniversary.
Politics
Stedden has a joint parish council with the neighbouring village of Wolthausen.
The council chair is Christian Peters (CDU).
External links
Stedden website
Villages in Lower Saxony
Celle (district)
Winsen an der Aller
Bowls England governs the game of flat green outdoor bowls for men and women in England. It was formed on 1 January 2008 following a merger of the English Bowling Association and the English Women's Bowling Association.
The English Bowling Association had previously been founded in 1903 by legendary cricketer W.G. Grace who was elected its first president.
The headquarters of Bowls England are at Riverside House, Milverton Hill, Leamington Spa, having moved from Worthing in 2013. The move was partly due to the fact that both the men's and women's national championships are held at Victoria Park, just five minutes walk away.
There are thirty-five affiliated county bowling associations, to which a total of 2,700 clubs are in membership nationwide. Approximately 100,000 players come under the jurisdiction of this association.
Its chief executive is Jon Cockcroft.
See also
List of Bowls England champions
References
Bibliography
External links
Official website
Bowls in England
Organisations based in Warwickshire
Leamington Spa
Sports governing bodies in England
Sport in Warwickshire
2008 establishments in England
Sports organizations established in 2008
Bowling organizations
The 2017 Italian Left leadership election was a congressional primary election held on 17,18 and 19 February 2017.
The Italian Left is a left-wing party of Italy. It was launched in November 2015 as a parliamentary group in the Chamber of Deputies, mainly including Left Ecology Freedom, dissidents from the Democratic Party (see Future to the Left) and splinters from the Five-Star Movement. In February 2017 it was officially born as a party.
Candidates
The two main candidates were Nicola Fratoianni and Arturo Scotto. Fratoianni was a member of the Communist Refoundation Party and then of Nichi Vendola's Left Ecology Freedom, of which they became Coordinator.  They are considered the leader of the left-wing faction, which opposes an alliance with the centre-left Democratic Party. Fratoianni's aim is to create a left-wing to far-left party inspired by the Greek Syriza of Alexis Tsipras and the Spanish Podemos of Pablo Iglesias Turrión.
Arturo Scotto was a member of the social-democratic Democrats of the Left (predecessor of the centre-left Democratic Party) and then of Left Ecology Freedom.  They are considered the leader of the right-wing faction, who supports an alliance with the Democratic Party and the creation of a centre-left coalition. Scotto always denied an alliance with the Democrats if their leader will remain the former Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who is considered too centrist and liberal.
On 2 February 2017, Scotto announced the withdrawal of their candidature due to the primary rules, which prevented the popular vote. After a few days Scotto left the party, along with 18 deputies.
Results
References
2017 elections in Italy
February 2017 events in Italy
Political party leadership elections in Italy
Italian Left leadership election
The bigmouth shiner (Notropis dorsalis), is one of the 324 fish species found in Tennessee. It is a common minnow species found in the midwest region, but found as far as the east coast. There has been little information researched about this minnow outside of the general body plan and habitat. They are often found along with common shiner in streams.
Description
The bigmouth shiner is a small minnow that reaches a size of about 3 inches. It is grayish-yellow on back with silver sides and belly with a dark stripe down the middle of their side. The bigmouth shiner has a subterminal mouth, meaning the upper jaw overhangs the wide lower jaw, a characteristic trait of the species. As it is characteristic of minnows, Notropis dorsalis has one dorsal fin with under ten soft fin rays.
Distribution and habitat
The bigmouth shiner is endemic to North America. It can be commonly found in the Great Lakes, Hudson Bay, and Mississippi River basins. It is also found in the Platte River system, Iowa, Illinois, and Arkansas. It can also be found as far east as the western regions of New York, and Pennsylvania, and northern parts of West Virginia. Three sometimes recognized subspecies Notropis dorsalis dorsalis, N. d. piptolepis, and N. d. keimi.
The bigmouth shiner prefers to live in shallow, swift moving streams. They can also be found in shallow pools of headwaters as well as small to medium rivers with sandy bottoms.
Diet
Bigmouth shiners like to eat small aquatic invertebrates and terrestrial invertebrates that fall into the water. They have also been found to eat algae and other small vegetation at the bottom of the stream.
Reproduction
Little is known about the reproductive habits of this species. It is known, however, that they spawn between May–August and that they spawn upstream allowing their eggs to flow downstream.
Population and competition
Bigmouth shiners have been found to thrive in environments with increased channeling in streams, making human interaction beneficial at times. In Ohio the bigmouth shiner competes for environment with the invasive silverjaw minnow resulting in some reduced populations. Efforts to reduce pollution and erosion of banks can be taken to ensure the survival of the species.
In Missouri bigmouth shiner reach a length of about 0.8 to 1.6 inches by the end of its first summer of life and probably reaches maturity during its second summer.
References
External links
Notropis
Fish described in 1854
Kazna Božija (God's Punishment) is the twelfth studio album by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena. It was released 22 December 1994 through the record label Zabava miliona.
This album was sold in a circulation of 150,000 copies.
Track listing
References
1994 albums
Lepa Brena albums
Grand Production albums
The Taracahitic languages (occasionally called Taracahita or Taracahitan) form a putative branch of the Uto-Aztecan language family of Mexico. The best known is Tarahumara.
Languages
Tarahumaran
Tarahumara
Guarijío (Huarijio, Varihio)
Tubar †
Cahita
Yaqui
Mayo
Ópata †? (Eudeve, Heve, Dohema)
References
Southern Uto-Aztecan languages
Dr Q v College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia, 2003 SCC 19, [2003] 1 S.C.R. 226 is a leading decision of the Supreme Court of Canada in Canadian administrative law.
Background
Dr. Q was brought before the Discipline Committee of the British Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons for having sexual relations with a patient. The patient had originally sought help in 1994 for depression. By 1995 the two began sexual relations. Dr. Q denied any misconduct. The Committee found that Dr. Q was guilty of infamous misconduct. The Committee based its decision on the weight of the patient's testimony, ignoring Dr. Q's testimony.
The Committee applied a standard of "clear and cogent evidence". Dr. Q applied for judicial review of the decision arguing that the wrong standard was applied.
Decision
Chief Justice McLachlin, writing for the Court, allowed the appeal and reinstated the order. They found that the standard of "clear and cogent evidence" was the appropriate standard.
On the issue of standard of review, McLachlin reiterated the three degrees of deference available, correctness, reasonableness simpliciter, and patent unreasonableness. They considered what degree of deference was required in these circumstances based on the four factors of the "pragmatic and functional approach". On the whole, the Committee decisions were to be reviewed on a standard of "reasonableness". Under the reasonableness standard, the reviewing judge's view of the evidence is beside the point. Instead, the court should only ask whether there is some basis in evidence to support the conclusion.
See also
List of Supreme Court of Canada cases
Law Society of New Brunswick v. Ryan, 2003 SCC 20: companion case
References
External links
Canadian administrative case law
Supreme Court of Canada cases
2003 in Canadian case law
Night Beat or Nightbeat may refer to:
Night Beat (1931 film), a film directed by George B. Seitz
Night Beat (1947 film), a film directed by Harold Huth
Night Beat (Sam Cooke album), 1963
Night Beat (Hank Crawford album), 1989
Night Beats, an American psychedelic/garage rock band
Night Beat (U.S. radio program)
Nightbeat (Transformers) a Transformers character
Yo Ho! Poor You, Little Me is an album by jazz saxophonist Frank Wess which was recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.
Reception
The Allmusic site stated: "For those who were used to hearing Wess in the Basie band, it was a treat to hear them in a more intimate setting. A small group meant more improvising and more stretching out".
Track listing
All compositions by Frank Wess, except where noted.
"The Lizard" (Thad Jones) - 5:16
"Little Me" (Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh) - 5:12
"Yo-Ho" - 5:22
"Cold Miner" - 3:40
"Poor You" (Yip Harburg, Burton Lane) - 3:47
"The Long Road" - 9:51
Personnel
Frank Wess - flute, tenor saxophone
Thad Jones - trumpet
Gildo Mahones - piano
Buddy Catlett - bass
Roy Haynes - drums
References
Frank Wess albums
1963 albums
Prestige Records albums
Albums produced by Ozzie Cadena
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Rolf Nyboe Nettum (17 June 1919 – 20 January 2010) was a Norwegian literary historian and professor at the University of Oslo.
Biography
They grew up at Sandviksåsen in Sandvika, where they were a neighbor of polar explorer Otto Sverdrup (1854–1930).
Nettum attended upper secondary school at Stabekk. They later became a student at the University of Oslo, but during the occupation of Norway by Nazi Germany (1940–1945) they were arrested on 30 November 1943, as a part of the general crackdown that followed the University of Oslo fire. They were imprisoned near Stavern before being transferred to Buchenwald concentration camp on 7 January 1944. They were later transferred to Sennheim concentration camp, then back to Buchenwald before being released on 20 December 1944.
In the spring of 1948, Rolf Nettum submitted their dissertation En undersølelse av Hans E. Kincks livssyn. They were a guest lecturer at the University of Chicago from 1951 to 1953. They then moved back to Norway and was a literary critic in the newspaper Aftenposten from 1954 to 1964. In 1958 they were also hired at the University of Oslo. They remained here until their retirement in 1986, being a professor for the last years.
Nettum took the dr.philos. degree in 1970 on a thesis about Knut Hamsun. They came to be cited as one of the central Hamsun researchers in Norway. They were a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.
Their most important releases are Hans E. Kincks livssyn in 1949 about Hans E. Kinck, Konflikt og visjon in 1970 about Knut Hamsun, Fantasiens regnbuebro in 1992 about Henrik Wergeland and Christen Pram: Norges første romanforfatter in 2001 about Christen Pram. They also co-authored volume four of Norges litteraturhistorie, published in 1975. It was written together with Bjarte Birkeland and Per Amdam, and edited by Edvard Beyer.
Personal life
In 2008 Nettum released the autobiography Med litteratur gjennom livet.
Their preferred standard of writing was Riksmål.
They resided in Høvik. They died in January 2010 at Rykkinn, having suffered from a stroke in October 2009.
References
1919 births
2010 deaths
People from Bærum
Norwegian literary critics
Norwegian literary historians
Knut Hamsun researchers
Norwegian autobiographers
Riksmål-language writers
Buchenwald concentration camp survivors
Sennheim concentration camp survivors
University of Chicago faculty
University of Oslo faculty
Members of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
Wilton "Scoop" Putnam (September 8, 1912 – June 8, 1996) was an American professional basketball player. They played in the National Basketball League for the Oshkosh All-Stars and Toledo Jim White Chevrolets and averaged 3.9 points per game for their career.
References
1912 births
1996 deaths
American men's basketball players
United States Army personnel of World War II
Basketball players from South Carolina
Forwards (basketball)
Guards (basketball)
Oshkosh All-Stars players
Sportspeople from Greenville, South Carolina
Tennessee Volunteers basketball players
Toledo Jim White Chevrolets players
Jerai is a federal constituency in Yan District and Kuala Muda District , Kedah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since from 1959 to 1995, from 2004 to present.
The federal constituency was created in the 1958 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
It was abolished in 1995 when it was redistributed. It was re-created in 2003.
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Jerai constituency is divided into 53 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Keputusan Pilihan Raya Suruhanjaya Pilihan Raya (Election Commission of Malaysia)
Kedah federal constituencies
Lucretia Breazeale Hamilton (1908–1986) was an American botanical illustrator, who was considered an expert on southwestern United States flora. They illustrated numerous technical papers for the University of Arizona and 16 books. They were posthumously recognized with a Desert Willow cultivar named in their honor and induction into the Arizona Women's Hall of Fame.
Biography
Lucretia Breazeale was born on March 27, 1908, in East Falls Church, Arlington County, Virginia. Them father accepted a posting at the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Experiment Station on the Pima's Gila River Reservation near Sacaton, Arizona in 1920 and the family moved to Arizona. Two years later, they relocated again to Tucson, where Breazeale completed their schooling, graduating from Tucson High School in 1928. They furthered their schooling minoring in art and majoring in botany at the University of Arizona, earning their BS in 1932. While at university, they met Louis Pennock Hamilton, whom they married in 1935. They were a horticulturist and employed by the Soil Conservation Service, which sent them soon after their marriage to Shiprock, New Mexico. In 1938, they returned to Tucson, where they remained for most of their lives.
Hamilton, who had trained as a botanist, became an illustrator, because they were asked to provide drawings for some of their college professor's scientific articles, due to their detailed renderings. They were considered an expert in southwestern United States botanicals, primarily due to their attention to detail and insistence that the plant be observed through all four seasons for an accurate depiction. In the 1950s, they illustrated a series of publications for the USDA Experiment Station of various plants with the intent of providing detailed images for ranchers to identify various types of grasses based on their nutritional value. Four volumes of range grasses and other flora were printed between 1953 and 1956. Hamilton was requested to participate in the project by local ranchers because their drawings allowed them to identify differences in species. They illustrated many technical books for the University of Arizona and was noted for their drawings of cactii. Few other illustrators were interested in the thorny succulents because of the difficulties involved in drawing their spiny complexity and in handling specimens. Hamilton also preferred to work with live plants rather than dried specimens. In addition to technical materials, they illustrated fifteen books including An Illustrated Guide to Arizona Weeds (1972), written by Kittie Fenley Parker, Grasses of the Southwestern United States (1973), Plants that poison: an illustrated guide for the American Southwest (1979), The Trees and Shrubs of the Southwestern Deserts (1981), and The Cacti of the United States and Canada(1982). Two of their drawings, Opuntia microdasys and Echinocactus horizonthalonius, both of cacti, were selected for the International Exhibition of Botanical Art and Illustrations, held at the Hunt Botanical Library in Pittsburgh in 1973, which featured 181 artists from 29 countries.
Hamilton and their husband were founding members of the Tucson Native Plant Society and they remained active in the organization until their death in June, 1986 in Pima, Arizona. Posthumously, Hamilton was honored with a scholarship named for them granted to qualified students at the University of Arizona; a new Desert Willow cultivar named ‘Lucretia Hamilton' their honor in 1998; and was inducted into the Arizona Women's Hall of Fame in 2006.
References
Botanical illustrators
1908 births
1986 deaths
American women botanists
University of Arizona alumni
Artists from Tucson, Arizona
20th-century American artists
20th-century American botanists
20th-century American women artists
"Worrisome Heart" is a song written and composed by American jazz singer-songwriter Melody Gardot. It was released in as a promo single for their debut album of the same name.
Chart positions
External links
References
2008 singles
Melody Gardot songs
Songs written by Melody Gardot
2008 songs
The following are operators of the Bristol Beaufighter:
Military operators
Australia
Royal Australian Air Force
European Theatre
No. 455 Squadron RAAF (maritime strike)
No. 456 Squadron RAAF (night fighter)
Pacific Theatre
No. 22 Squadron RAAF
No. 30 Squadron RAAF
No. 31 Squadron RAAF
No. 92 Squadron RAAF
No. 93 Squadron RAAF
Canada
Royal Canadian Air Force
No. 404 Squadron RCAF
No. 406 Squadron RCAF
No. 409 Squadron RCAF
No. 410 Squadron RCAF
Dominican Republic
Fuerza Aérea Dominicana
Escuadron de Caza-Bombardeo received 10 TF.X (rebuilt back to VIF standard) aircraft in 1948. Aircraft received numbers from 306 to 315 and were used until June 1954.
Israel
Israeli Air Force
103 Squadrons operated 4 TF.X aircraft between July and November 1948.
New Zealand
New Zealand Squadrons of the Royal Air Force
No. 488 (NZ) Squadron RAF
No. 489 (NZ) Squadron RAF
Poland
Polish Air Forces (in exile in Great Britain)
No. 307 Polish Night Fighter Squadron "Lwowskich Puchaczy"
Portugal
Portuguese Navy
B Squadron of the Navy Air Forces operated 15 TF.X aircraft acquired by Portugal, delivered during March and April 1945. Next two aircraft were delivered in 1946 after overhaul by Bristol company. All aircraft were delivered from RAF stocks.
South Africa
South African Air Force
No. 16 Squadron SAAF
No. 19 Squadron SAAF (also known as RAF No. 227 Squadron)
Turkey
Turkish Air Force
First Beaufighters TF.X (at least nine) were delivered in 1944 straight from frontline units. Another 23 TF.X aircraft were bought in 1946.
United Kingdom
Royal Air Force
No. 5 Squadron RAF
No. 17 Squadron RAF
No. 20 Squadron RAF
No. 22 Squadron RAF
No. 25 Squadron RAF
No. 27 Squadron RAF
No. 29 Squadron RAF
No. 30 Squadron RAF
No. 34 Squadron RAF
No. 39 Squadron RAF
No. 42 Squadron RAF
No. 45 Squadron RAF
No. 46 Squadron RAF
No. 47 Squadron RAF
No. 48 Squadron RAF
No. 68 Squadron RAF
No. 69 Squadron RAF
No. 84 Squadron RAF
No. 89 Squadron RAF
No. 96 Squadron RAF
No. 108 Squadron RAF
No. 125 Squadron RAF
No. 141 Squadron RAF
No. 143 Squadron RAF
No. 144 Squadron RAF
No. 153 Squadron RAF
No. 169 Squadron RAF
No. 173 Squadron RAF
No. 176 Squadron RAF
No. 177 Squadron RAF
No. 211 Squadron RAF
No. 216 Squadron RAF
No. 217 Squadron RAF
No. 219 Squadron RAF
No. 227 Squadron RAF
No. 234 Squadron RAF
No. 235 Squadron RAF
No. 236 Squadron RAF
No. 239 Squadron RAF
No. 248 Squadron RAF
No. 252 Squadron RAF
No. 254 Squadron RAF
No. 255 Squadron RAF
No. 256 Squadron RAF
No. 272 Squadron RAF
No. 285 Squadron RAF
No. 287 Squadron RAF
No. 288 Squadron RAF
No. 307 Polish Night Fighter Squadron
No. 515 Squadron RAF
No. 527 Squadron RAF
No. 577 Squadron RAF
No. 598 Squadron RAF
No. 600 Squadron RAF
No. 603 Squadron RAF
No. 604 Squadron RAF
No. 618 Squadron RAF
No. 680 Squadron RAF
No. 684 Squadron RAF
No. 695 Squadron RAF
No. 1692 (Radio Development) Flight RAF
Royal Navy/Fleet Air Arm
721 Naval Air Squadron
726 Naval Air Squadron
728 Naval Air Squadron
733 Naval Air Squadron
736 Naval Air Squadron
762 Naval Air Squadron
770 Naval Air Squadron
772 Naval Air Squadron
775 Naval Air Squadron
779 Naval Air Squadron
781 Naval Air Squadron
788 Naval Air Squadron
789 Naval Air Squadron
797 Naval Air Squadron
798 Naval Air Squadron
United States
United States Army Air Forces
414th Night Fighter Squadron
415th Night Fighter Squadron
416th Night Fighter Squadron
417th Night Fighter Squadron
See also
Bristol Beaufighter
References
Notes
Bibliography
Bingham, Victor. Bristol Beaufighter. Shrewsbury, UK: Airlife Publishing, Ltd., 1994. .
Bowyer, Chaz. Beaufighter. London: William Kimber, 1987. 0-71830-647-3.
Bowyer, Chaz. Beaufighter at War. London: Ian Allan Ltd., 1994. .
Franks, Richard A. The Bristol Beaufighter, a Comprehensive Guide for the Modeller. Bedford, UK: SAM Publications, 2002. .
Hall, Alan W. Bristol Beaufighter (Warpaint No. 1). Dunstable, UK: Hall Park Books, 1995.
Howard. "Bristol Beaufighter-the inside story". Scale Aircraft Modelling, Vol. 11, No. 10, July 1989.
Innes, Davis J. Beaufighters over Burma – 27 Sqn RAF 1942–45. Poole, Dorset, UK: Blandford Press, 1985.
Francis K. Mason Archive: Bristol Beaufighter. Oxford, UK: Container Publications.
Moyes, Philip J.R. The Bristol Beaufighter I & II (Aircraft in Profile Number 137). Leatherhead, Surrey, UK: Profile Publications Ltd., 1966.
Parry, Simon W. Beaufighter Squadrons in Focus. Red Kite, 2001. .
Scutts, Jerry. Bristol Beaufighter (Crowood Aviation Series). The Crowood Press Ltd., 2004. .
Scutts, Jerry. Bristol Beaufighter in Action (Aircraft number 153). Carrollton, USA: Squadron/Signal Publications, 1995. .
Thomas, Andrew. Beaufighter Aces of World War 2. Botley, UK: Osprey Publishing, 2005. .
Wilson, Stewart. Beaufort, Beaufighter and Mosquito in Australian Service. Weston, ACT, Australia: Aerospace Publications, 1990. .
Lists of military units and formations by aircraft
Lists of aircraft operators by aircraft type
The International Secretariat of National Trade Union Centres (ISNTUC), often simply referred to as the International Secretariat and later renamed the International Federation of Trade Unions (IFTU), was an international consultative body of trade unions. Founded in 1901, it broke apart and became defunct during the First World War.
Founding
ISNTUC was founded in Copenhagen, Denmark, on August 21, 1901. Founding members of the new International Secretariat were the German, French, British, Belgian, Swedish, Danish, Norwegian and Finnish trade union centres. Together the founding organizations had a combined membership of 1 168 000.
The idea to build an international trade union structure had been a proposal of the Danish union president Jens Jensen. In 1900 the British General Federation of Trade Unions leader Isaac Mitchell supported the idea, whilst the leader of the German Generalkommission der Gewerkschaften Deutschlands (which had one million members at the time) Carl Legien pledged to provide financial and administrative support to the new international organization.
Parallel to the ISNTUC were various International Trade Secretariats, most of them based in Germany and, like the ISNTUC, dependent on support from the German unions.
In 1903 Legien became Secretary of ISNTUC and the headquarters of the organization was moved to Berlin.
Political divisions
The activities of ISNTUC were largely limited to exchanging information between unions and providing support to development of national union federations. Politically, the organization was subordinated to the socialist Second International. The majority within ISNTUC, led by the German trade unions, were firmly Social Democratic and emphasized the need to leave the political affairs to the political international. However, this subordination was not uncontroversial. The French Confédération générale du travail (CGT) adhered to the syndicalist line and harshly criticized the lack of independent political advocacy of ISNTUC. This dispute was notable both at the 1907 (Stuttgart) and 1910 (Copenhagen) congresses of ISNTUC. CGT withdrew from ISNTUC in 1905 and returned in 1909.
But there was also a third category of organizations in the ISNTUC apart from the syndicalists and Social Democrats, namely politically non-aligned neutral union centres, like the American Federation of Labor and the British GFTU. The CGT and AFL, albeit for politically different reasons, sought to distance the ISNTUC from the Second International and give ISNTUC more of a coordinating role. Whilst the German unions were unwilling to accept any real changes in the character of the organization, they were able to accommodate the CGT and AFL in symbolic gestures. At the 1913 Zurich congress of ISNTUC the name of the organization was changed to International Federation of Trade Unions.
Outbreak of the war
At the time the IFTU was becoming a more well-functioning organization, active in publishing trade union literature. In 1913 the organization had affiliates in 19 countries, with a combined membership of seven million. At the eve of the First World War, the IFTU secretariat in Germany had 12 full-time employees (4 British, 4 Swiss, 2 Germans, 1 American and 1 Danish).
When the war broke out, the foreign staff left and the publication of the IFTU organ Correspondence Syndicale ceased.
IFTU was divided into Allied, German and neutral camps. The trade unions in the Allied countries demanded that the IFTU secretariat be moved out of Germany. Legien tried to appease this demand by setting up a liaison office in Amsterdam, in cooperation with the NVV leader Jan Oudegeest. This did not please the French and British unions, however. In July 1916 a trade union conference was held in Leeds, which decided to set up a Correspondence Office in Paris, under the supervision of Léon Jouhaux.
Refoundation
In 1919, after the end of the war, a new International Federation of Trade Unions was reconstituted at a conference in Berne.
References
Trade unions established in 1901
Defunct transnational trade unions
Gova Kaldu is a traditional Sri Lankan spiced cabbage and chicken broth. It was often served with Idiyappam (string hoppers).
This dish is most likely of Portuguese origin, its name, kaldu is derived from caldo, the Portuguese name for broth and gova from the Portuguese cabbage known as couve tronchuda.
It was quite popular among elite Sinhalese families of the olden days until the early part of the 20th century.
See also
Caldo verde
List of soups
References
Sri Lankan cuisine
Vegetable soups
Chicken soups
Really is the second studio album by J. J. Cale. It was released in 1972.
Background
After several years in California working as an engineer in Leon Russell's studio, Cale returned home to Oklahoma gigging in obscurity when Eric Clapton recorded the arrangement of “After Midnight” that Cale had released as a B-side to a Liberty single in 1966. The song became a hit in 1970 and put Cale on the map as a songwriter. They recorded their debut album, Naturally, in 1971, which included a slower version of “After Midnight” and the minor hit single “Crazy Mama,” which rose to number 22. Already wary of stardom, Cale toured and recorded at their own pace throughout the decade, oblivious to trends and eschewing publicity.
Recording
Really was produced by Audie Ashworth, who would go on to produce Cale until 1983. Cale's second album further developed the “Tulsa sound” that they would become known for: a swampy mix of folk, jazz, shuffling country blues, and rock ‘n' roll. Although their songs have a relaxed, casual feel, Cale, who often used drum machines and layered their vocals, carefully crafted their albums, explaining to Lydia Hutchinson in 2013, “I was an engineer, and I loved manipulating the sound. I love the technical side of recording. I had a recording studio back in the days when no one had a home studio. You had to rent a studio that belonged to a big conglomerate.” Cale was very proud that bluegrass musicians Uncle Josh Graves and Vassar Clements played on Really, later recalling to Derek Halsey of Swampland.com in 2004, "That was one of the highlights of my life, man. We recorded that out at Bradley's Barn, and I was a big fan of Lester Flatt and Earl Scruggs. And, of course, Josh was the Dobro player on that stuff, and Vassar was 'Mister bluegrass fiddle player', and both of those guys came out to the studio and played that day. They were like Buddy Emmons in the studio; they were so good you just kind of quit playing and dug what they were playing." Cale's guitar work is impressive on Really, with William Ruhlmann of AllMusic commenting that it “manages to be both understated and intense here. The same is true of their seemingly offhand singing, which finds them drawling lines like "You get your gun, I'll get mine" with disarming casualness.” Cale covers Don Nix's rock and roll classic “Goin' Down” and gives a jazzy treatment to Muddy Waters' blues standard “Got My Mojo Working,” which is simply called “Mojo."
In 2009 the album was re-released, with Naturally, as a French exclusive 24-track 2-CD album set, as part of Universal Records' '2 For 1' series.
Reception
AllMusic: “...for some, their approach will be too casual; there are many times, when the band is percolating along and Cale is muttering into the microphone, that the music seems to be all background and no foreground. You may find yourself waiting for a payoff that never comes.”
Track listing
All tracks written by J. J. Cale unless otherwise indicated.
Personnel
J. J. Cale – Lead guitar, voice ( tr. 1, 6, 10 - 12 ), rhythm-guitar ( tr. 5, 9 ), Voice, Bass, Piano, Drums, Guitar [Guitars] ( tr. 7 ), Voice, Electric Piano, Lead Guitar ( tr. 8 )
Barry Beckett – Electric piano ( tr. 1 )
Bill Boatman – Rhythm guitar ( tr. 8 ), guitar ( tr.11 )
David Briggs – piano ( tr. 3 )
Kenneth A. Buttrey – drums ( tr. 3 )
Jimmy Capps – Rhythm-guitar ( tr. 5, 6, 10, 12 )
Vassar Clements – violin ( tr. 6, 10, 12 )
Kossie Gardner – organ ( tr. 5 )
Mac Gayden – Lead guitar ( tr. 5 ), Slide-guitar ( tr. 9 )
Gary Gilmore – bass guitar ( tr. 8, 11 )
Josh Graves – dobro ( tr. 6, 12 )
Roger Hawkins – drums ( tr. 1 )
Bob Holmes – harmony vocal
David Hood – bass guitar ( tr. 1 )
Bill Humble – trombone ( tr. 1 )
Jimmy Johnson – Rhythm-guitar ( tr. 1 )
Jimmy Karstein – drums ( tr. 8, 11 )
Charlie McCoy – harmonica ( tr. 7 )
Farrell Morris - Drums ( tr. 2 ), congas ( tr. 4, 12, 12 ), percussion ( tr. 6, 10 )
Bob Phillips, Don Sheffield – trumpet ( tr. 1, 5 )
Norbert Putnam – bass guitar (tr. 2, 3, 4 )
Bob Ray – bass guitar ( tr. 5, 9 )
Norman Ray – saxophone (Baritone) ( tr. 1 ), vocals
Don Sheffield – trumpet
George Soulé – drums ( tr. 5, 9 )
Robert Tarrant – congas ( tr. 5 ), Tambourine ( tr. 9 )
Bobby Woods – piano ( tr. 2, 4 )
Joe Zinkan – bass guitar ( tr. 6, 10, 12 )
Joann Sweeney - Voice [Voices] ( tr.1 )
References
1973 albums
J. J. Cale albums
Shelter Records albums
Albums produced by Audie Ashworth
Albums recorded at Muscle Shoals Sound Studio
Techno Army featuring Gary Numan is a remix album by English musician Gary Numan. It was released in April 1996 and consists of remixes of various Numan tracks from 1979 to 1994 with newly recorded vocals by Numan. The artwork and booklet do not confirm who remixed the tracks, though it is likely to be Nick Smith and Miles Seabrook (with the definite exception of "Cars" (Talla 2XLC Remix).
Numan's own liner notes state:-
"As a songwriter, to have other musicians cover your songs is something of an honour. To have almost an entire album devoted to your work is extremely flattering and so, for me, this has been a most interesting time. My original versions of these songs, recorded over the last 16 years or so, are somewhat different and so it has been fascinating to watch other musicians' interpretations of them come to life.
My own music has, particularly over the last two years, taken a much darker, heavier direction and so it is highly unlikely that I personally, would have reworked these songs in this style. For that reason alone this album is somewhat disconnected from me but is, nonetheless, something that makes me enormously proud and I am grateful to Nick and Miles for putting it together."
Track listing
"Are 'Friends' Electric?" – 5:39
"Cars" – 4:14
"We Are So Fragile" – 4:20
"We Are Glass" – 5:33
"She's Got Claws" – 4:12
"I Die: You Die" – 4:26
"Deadliner" – 4:09
"Machine and Soul" – 4:21
"Emotion" – 5:12
"A Question of Faith" – 4:10
"U Got the Look" – 4:17
"Cars" (Rush Hour Skadiva) – 4:18
"Cars" (Talla 2XLC Remix) – 5:40
References
Gary Numan albums
1996 remix albums
Machine Vision and Applications is a bimonthly peer-reviewed scientific journal covering image processing. It was established in 1988 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Mubarak Shah (University of Central Florida). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2012 impact factor of 1.103.
References
External links
Publications established in 1988
Springer Science+Business Media academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Computer science journals
"The Age of the World Picture" or "The Age of the World View" () is a 1938 lecture by Martin Heidegger in which they address the metaphysical ground of modern science.
It was published in the essay collection Holzwege in 1950.
English translations
The essay has been translated as "The Age of the World Image" by Marjorie Grene (1951)
and as "The Age of the World Picture" by William Lovitt (1977) and Julian Young (2002).
Critique
Sidonie Kellerer believes that Heidegger published the text to show their “inner resistance” after the mid-1930s against the Nazi regime and as evidence for their early refusal of National Socialism and their rejection of a modern ideology that resulted in the totalitarian system. Emphasizing the differences between the published text and the original lecture delivered in 1938, they think that the differences show "the artful falsifications" used by Heidegger in order to re-establish their reputation.
References
External links
The Age of the World Picture: Hermeneutics and the Weltanschauung Theory
The Age of the World-Picture is a Fine Thirty-Two (at the Time of Writing)
The Age of the World Picture
Paranoia in the Age of the World Picture: The Global "Limits of Enlightenment"
1938 in philosophy
1950 in philosophy
Works by Martin Heidegger
Criticism of science
Metaphysics literature
1938 speeches
Philosophy lectures
The Suriname national under-20 football team represents Suriname in international football at this age level and is overseen by the Surinaamse Voetbal Bond.
Technical Staff
Head Coach: Werner Blackson
Asst. Coach: Raymond Mannen
Goalkeeping Coach: Rodney Oldenstam
Current players
The following 20 players were called up for the 2022 CONCACAF U-20 Championship.
Recent call-ups
The following players have also been called up to the Suriname U20 squad within the last twelve months.
Former Coaches
2010 - Harold Deyl
References
Under-20
Caribbean national under-20 association football teams
South American national under-20 association football teams
Velika humka is an archeological site and settlement near Pilatovići, Požega municipality, Serbia.
In 1983, Velika humka was added to the Archaeological Sites of Exceptional Importance list, protected by Republic of Serbia.
See also
Archaeological Sites of Exceptional Importance
References
Archaeological sites in Serbia
Archaeological Sites of Exceptional Importance
The discography of South Korean rapper and singer Eun Jiwon consists of six studio albums, one compilation album, one single album, and three extended plays.
Albums
Studio albums
Compilation albums
Single albums
Extended plays
Singles
As a lead artist
As a featured artist
Production credits
Other appearances
2008: "Movement 4" — Bizzy & Movement (무브먼트)
References
Hip hop discographies
Discographies of South Korean artists
The Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura 2008 season (officially known as "Torneo Apertura 2008"), started on August 2, 2008, and finished on December 21, 2008.
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo came into the tournament as defending champions, having won their eighth league title in the previous season. A total of 10 teams contested the league, 8 of which had already participated in the Clausura 2008 season, and two of which had been promoted from the Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño.
The 10 teams of the Primera División each played 18 matches, playing each team twice (home and away). The top four teams qualified directly to the semifinals.
The winner of the final series gained entry into the 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League.
Promotion and relegation
Promoted from Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño as of June 27, 2008.
Champions: C.D. Atlético Balboa
Runner-up (won through playoff): Juventud Independiente
Relegated to Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño as of June 27, 2008.
Last place: Once Municipal
Second last (lost through playoff): San Salvador F.C.
Team information
Personnel and sponsoring
League standings
Semifinals 1st Leg
Semifinals 2nd Leg
Final
Champion
A.D. Isidro Metapán qualified for 2009–10 CONCACAF Champions League.
Season statistics
Scoring
First goal of the season: Nicolás Muñoz for Alianza against Balboa (2 August 2008)
Fastest goal in a match: 25 seconds – Alejandro de la Cruz Bentos for FAS against Nejapa (26 October 2008)
Goal scored at the latest point in a match: 90+9 minutes
José Oliveira de Souza for Águila against Independiente (23 August 2008)
Widest winning margin: 10 – Águila 10–0 Independiente (23 August 2008)
Most goals in a match: 10
Águila 10–0 Independiente (23 August 2008)
Balboa 3-7 Independiente (30 August 2008)
First hat-trick of the season: José Oliveira de Souza for Águila against Independiente (30 August 2008)
First own goal of the season: Luis Espíndola for Nejapa against Balboa (29 October 2008)
Most goals by one player in a single match: 3
José Oliveira de Souza for Águila against Independiente (30 August 2008)
Most goals by one team in a match: 10
Águila 10–0 Independiente (23 August 2008)
Most goals in one half by one team: 6
Águila 10–0 Independiente (23 August 2008)
Most goals scored by losing team: 3
Balboa 3-7 Independiente (30 August 2008)
Average home attendance
Highest average home attendance: 3,712 (Águila)
Lowest average home attendance: 667 (Nejapa)
Clean sheets
Most clean sheets - Firpo (9)
Fewest clean sheets - Nejapa, Alianza and Independiente (7)
Overall
Most wins - Águila (10)
Fewest wins - Nejapa (2)
Most draws - Balboa (8)
Fewest draws - Águila (4)
Most losses - Nejapa (11)
Fewest losses - Metapán (3)
Most goals scored - Águila (39)
Fewest goals scored - Nejapa (16)
Most goals conceded - Independiente (35)
Fewest goals conceded - Vista Hermosa (16)
Home
Most wins - Águila and Metapán (6)
Fewest wins - Independiente and Alianza (1)
Most draws - Independiente (5)
Fewest draws - Nejapa and Metapán (1)
Most losses - Alianza (4)
Fewest losses - Águila, Metapán, FAS, Chalatenango and Vista Hermosa (1)
Most goals scored - Metapán (24)
Fewest goals scored - Independiente (5)
Most goals conceded - Nejapa (20)
Fewest goals conceded - Águila (6)
Away
Most wins - Águila and FAS (4)
Fewest wins - Nejapa (0)
Most draws - Metapán and Balboa (5)
Fewest draws - Alianza (1)
Most losses - Alianza and Nejapa (5)
Fewest losses - Metapán (2)
Most goals scored - Águila (17)
Fewest goals scored - Nejapa (6)
Most goals conceded - Independiente (25)
Fewest goals conceded - Metapán and Vista Hermosa (9)
Top scorers
Fastest scorers
Attendance
Managerial changes
List of foreign players in the league
This is a list of foreign players in Apertura 2008. The following players:
have played at least one apetura game for the respective club.
have not been capped for the El Salvador national football team on any level, independently from the birthplace
A new rule was introduced this season that clubs can only have three foreign players per club and can only add a new player if there is an injury or player/s is released.
C.D. Águila
José Oliveira
Marcelo Messias
Arturo Albarrán
Leandro Franco
Alianza F.C.
Gustavo Méndes
Francisco Portillo
Juan Carlos Mosquera
Nicolás Muñoz
Atlético Balboa
Alcides Bandera
Franklin Webster
Cristian Mosquera
Santos Nuñez
Chalatenango
Jose Luis Osorio
Manuel Luna
Hermes Martínez
Roberto Chanampe
Julio Manrique
Ernesto Pezo
C.D. FAS
Alejandro Bentos
Osvaldo Mendoza
Yusuf Sindeh
Paulo César Rodrigues
(player released mid season)
Injury replacement player
Juventud Independiente
Carlos Escalante
Lucas Abraham
Fabricio Da Silva
Nick ´Pimentel
C.D. Luis Ángel Firpo
Patricio Barroche
Edgar Leguizamón
Leonardo Pekarnik
Ramón Ávila
Nejapa FC
Juan Carlos Reyes
Luis Espíndola
Henry Josué Martínez
A.D. Isidro Metapán
Gabriel Garcete
Ernesto Noel Aquino
Paolo Suarez
Williams Reyes
Vista Hermosa
Pompilio Cacho Valerio
Luis Torres Rodríguez
Elder José Figueroa
José Francisco Ramírez
References
External links
http://www.elgrafico.com/index.php?cat=4&std
https://web.archive.org/web/20070820233416/http://www.laprensagrafica.com/futbol/
http://www.elsalvador.com/mwedh/deportes/dep_seccion.asp?idCat=6429&opSM=0
Primera División de Fútbol Profesional Apertura seasons
El
1
The Literary League Association () was a political and cultural organization in Iraq. The party was founded in Najaf in 1932. Its president was Sheikh Mohammed Ali Al-Yacubi. The Association was particularly active during the May 1941 revolution.
References
Defunct political parties in Iraq
Political parties established in 1932
Joseph Henry Mensah (31 October 1928 – 12 July 2018) was a Ghanaian politician and economist.
Education
In their early education, J. H. Mensah attended Achimota School. They proceeded to the University of the Gold Coast (now the University of Ghana) between 1948 and 1954. They then headed to the University of London and Stanford University, where they earned both a bachelor's and master's degree respectively with a specialization in economic theory and development. In 1954, Mensah became a Research Fellow in Economics at the University of Ghana, a position they held until 1958.
Political career
Mensah began working as an assistant inspector of taxes in 1953 while the Gold Coast was still under colonial rule. In 1958, Mensah joined the United Nations Secretariat at the Centre for Development Planning, Projections and Policies, in New York City, United States. Mensah returned to Ghana in 1961 as the Head of Agency at the National Planning Commission. The National Planning commission drew and implemented the country's Seven-Year Development Plan (1963/64–1969–70). In 1969, they were elected to parliament and became the Finance minister in the Busia government until 1972, when they were replaced by future head of state Ignatius Kutu Acheampong after the military coup d'état.
Elections
Mensah represented the Sunyani East constituency in the 2nd, 3rd and 4th parliaments of the republic of Ghana.
2000 Elections
In the year 2000, Mensah won the Ghanaian general elections as the member of parliament in the 3rd parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana for the Sunyani East constituency of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana. They won on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party. Their constituency was a part of the 14 parliamentary seats out of 21 seats won by the New Patriotic Party in that election for the Brong Ahafo Region. The New Patriotic Party won a majority total of 100 parliamentary seats out of 200 seats in the 3rd parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana. They were elected with 27,756 votes out of 43,128 total valid votes cast. This was equivalent to 65.1% of the total valid votes cast. They were elected over Capt.(rtd) F. Adu Kwaku Nkrumah of the National Democratic Congress, Shiekh Mustapha Abdulah of the Convention People's Party, Moses Owusu -Yeboah of the People's National Convention, Boachie Amankwa of the United Ghana Movement and Boniface Kojo Mensah of the National Reform Party. These won 11,550, 1,269, 1,039, 592 and 427 votes respectively out of the total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 27.1%, 3.0%, 2.4%, 1.4% and 1.0% respectively of total valid votes cast.
2004 Elections
They were elected as the Member of Parliament for the Sunyani East constituency for the 4th parliament in the 2004 Ghanaian general elections. They were elected with 32,035 votes out of 53,972 total valid votes cast. This was equivalent to 59.40% of total valid votes cast. They were elected over Justice Samuel Adjei of the National Democratic Congress, Cubagee Raphael – an independent candidate, Rev. Nana Adjei-Ntow – also an independent candidate, Theophilus Kwame Chartey of the Convention People's Party, Awuah Philip of the Every Ghanaian Living Everywhere Party and A. A. Boasiako of the Democratic People's Party. These obtained 17,860 votes, 1,478 votes, 998 votes, 674 votes, 581votes and 346 votes respectively out of the total valid votes cast. These were equivalent to 33.10%, 2.70%, 1.80%, 1.20%, 1.10% and 0.60% of all total valid votes cast. Mensah was elected on the ticket of the New Patriotic Party. Their constituency was a part of 14 out of 24 constituencies won by the New Patriotic Party in the Brong Ahafo region in that election. In all, the New Patriotic Party won a majority total of 128 parliamentary representation out of a total 230 parliamentary seats in the 4th Parliament of the 4th republic of Ghana.
Post Coup
Beginning in 1974, Mensah worked in the private sector both in Ghana and abroad. They were imprisoned by the National Redemption Council from 1975 to 1978. Although banned from political activity in 1979, they were active for the Popular Front Party in the 1979 elections. They also served as Chairman of the Sunyani District Council in Brong-Ahafo Region (1979–1981), and proprietor of Banka Farms. Exiled in England, in 1983 they headed a group opposing the PNDC. They also served on the African Advisory Council of the African Development Bank from 1993 to 1997. In December 1996, Mensah contested a parliamentary seat in the Sunyani East constituency as a member of the New Patriotic Party, which they won. They were re-elected in 2000. Prior to John Kufuor's election in 2001, Mensah was the Minority Leader in Parliament from 1997 to 2001. In addition, they served as Minister and Leader of Government Business from 2001 to 2003; Minister for Public Sector Reform and National Institutional Renewal Programme from 2003 to 2005 as well as Senior Minister from 2005 to 2006 all during the Kufuor-led administration.
Personal life and family
They were the older brother of the former First Lady, Theresa Kufuor.
Death and state funeral
J. H. Mensah died on Thursday 12 July 2018 at the 37 Military Hospital in Accra after a protracted illness, having suffered a stroke a year earlier. They were accorded a state funeral by the Government of Ghana on Friday 17 August 2018 at the Accra International Conference Centre and buried at the new Military Cemetery at Burma Camp.
References
External links
Joseph Henry Mensah at African People Database
1928 births
2018 deaths
Alumni of Achimota School
Ghanaian MPs 1969–1972
Ghanaian MPs 1997–2001
Ghanaian MPs 2001–2005
Ghanaian MPs 2005–2009
Finance ministers of Ghana
Ghanaian economists
University of Ghana faculty
University of Ghana alumni
Alumni of the University of London
Stanford University alumni
Popular Front Party politicians
New Patriotic Party politicians
20th-century Ghanaian politicians
21st-century Ghanaian politicians
People from Brong-Ahafo Region
Progress Party (Ghana) politicians
For information on computer file types, see:
File format
For information relating to specific operating systems, see also:
Apple file types
Macintosh OSTypes
Uniform type identifier
Unix file types
Windows file types
For a list of filename extensions, see
list of file formats
list of filename extensions (alphabetical)
For information on related concepts, see also:
file system
extended attributes
EuroJet Turbo GmbH is a multi-national engine manufacturing consortium. It is headquartered in Hallbergmoos, Germany.
The consortium was created in 1986 to manage the development, production, support, maintenance, support and sales of the EJ200, a military grade turbofan engine. The present partner companies involved are Rolls-Royce of the United Kingdom, Avio of Italy, Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP) of Spain and MTU Aero Engines of Germany. Its main product, the EJ200, principally powers the Eurofighter Typhoon fighter aircraft, it is also available for use on other platforms.
History
Eurojet GmbH was formed in 1986 to manage the development, production, support, maintenance, support and sales of the EJ200 turbofan engine for the Eurofighter Typhoon. The selection of the EJ200 had some controversy attached to it at the time as, while Italy, West Germany and the UK had agreed to proceed, it had confirmed France's decision to withdraw itself from the programme. A major contributing factor for France's lack of involvement was an insistence that the Eurofighter be powered by a French-built engine, the SNECMA M88, which was viewed as not being as attractive or promising as the EJ200 to the other nations involved.
At the time of its establishment, the original partners in Eurojet GmbH were Rolls-Royce, MTU, Fiat and Sener. However, since then, Fiat's aircraft engine division was demerged, becoming Avio. Sener's aircraft engine division is now Industria de Turbo Propulsores (ITP), a wholly owned subsidiary of Rolls-Royce following its acquisition of Sener's stake in the firm.
On 30 January 1998, the first production contract was signed between Eurofighter GmbH, Eurojet and NETMA. During December 2006, Eurojet completed deliveries of the 363 EJ200s for the Tranche 1 Eurofighters. Tranche 2 aircraft require 519 EJ200s. , Eurojet was contracted to produce a total of 1,400 engines for the Eurofighter project.
The EJ200 engine combined the leading technologies from each of the four European companies, using advanced digital control and health monitoring; wide chord aerofoils and single crystal turbine blades; and a convergent / divergent exhaust nozzle to give excellent thrust-to-weight ratio, multimission capability, supercruise performance, low fuel consumption, low cost of ownership, modular construction and significant growth potential.
Several improvements to the base model of the engine have been mooted. In addition to the potential for increased thrust output of up to 30%, the EJ200 engine has the potential to be fitted with a thrust vectoring control (TVC) nozzle, which the Eurofighter and Eurojet consortium have been actively developing and testing, primarily for export but also for future upgrades of the fleet. TVC could reduce fuel burn on a typical Typhoon mission by up to 5%, as well as increase available thrust in supercruise by up to 7% and take-off thrust by 2%. Eurojet has sought funding to test TVC nozzles on a flight demonstrator. Clemens Linden, Eurojet TURBO GmbH CEO, stated in 2018 of the consortium's development efforts that "To achieve more thrust we would increase the airflow and pressure ratios of the high and low pressure compressors and run higher temperatures in the turbines by using the latest generation single crystal turbine blade materials. And with higher aerodynamic efficiencies we can achieve a lower fuel burn. A third area of improvement would be the engine exhaust nozzle which would be upgraded with the installation of a 2-parametric version allowing independent and optimized adjustment of the throat and exit area at all flight conditions, providing fuel burn advantages. The technologies for the different components are at a Technology readiness level of between 7and 9. The nozzle has been at ITP in Spain on a test bed for 400 hours."
Workshare
References
External links
Official site
EUROJET Offers its EJ200 Engine for the Tejas, Indian Light Combat Aircraft
Aerospace companies of Europe
Aerospace companies of Germany
Companies based in Upper Bavaria
Defence companies of Germany
Gas turbine manufacturers
Manufacturing companies established in 1986
Multinational aircraft engine manufacturers
1986 establishments in West Germany
German companies established in 1986
3rd Division may refer to:
Air divisions
3d Air Division, United States
3d Attack Wing, United States
Armoured divisions
3rd Armoured Division (Australia)
3rd Armored Division (France)
3rd Light Mechanized Division (France)
3rd Panzer Division (Wehrmacht)
3rd Panzer Division (Bundeswehr)
3rd SS Panzer Division Totenkopf, Nazi Germany
3rd Tank Division (Imperial Japanese Army)
3rd Armored Division (Jordan)
3rd Division (Nigeria)
3rd Tank Division (Soviet Union)
3rd Armored Division (United States)
Cavalry divisions
3rd Cavalry Division (German Empire)
3rd Cavalry Division (Reichswehr), Weimar Republic
3rd Light Division (Wehrmacht)
3rd Cavalry Division Amedeo Duca d'Aosta, Italian Army during World War II
3rd Cavalry Division (United Kingdom)
3rd Mounted Division, United Kingdom
3rd Cavalry Division (United States)
Infantry divisions
3rd (Lahore) Division, of the British Indian Army before and during World War I
3rd Algerian Infantry Division, France
3rd Alpine Division Julia, Italy
3rd Blackshirt Division (21 April), a Black Shirt militia division of Italy
3rd Canadian Division
3rd Carpathian Rifle Division (Poland)
3rd Colonial Infantry Division (France)
3rd Division (Australia)
3rd Division (Colombia)
3rd Division (Estonia)
3rd Division (German Empire)
3rd Division (Imperial Japanese Army)
3rd Division (Iraq)
3rd Division (Japan), Japan Ground Self-Defense Force
3rd Division (New Zealand)
3rd Division (North Korea)
3rd Division (Norway)
3rd Division (1st Formation)(People's Republic of China)
3rd Division (Reichswehr), Weimar Republic
3rd Division (Singapore)
3rd Division (South Sudan)
3rd Division (South Vietnam)
3rd Division (United Kingdom)
3rd Division (Vietnam)
3rd Guards Division (Imperial Japanese Army)
3rd Guards Motor Rifle Division
3rd Infantry Division (Greece)
3rd Infantry Division (Philippines)
3rd Infantry Division (South Africa)
3rd Infantry Division (South Korea)
3rd Infantry Division (United States)
3rd Infantry Division (Wehrmacht), subsequently redesignated the 3rd Motorized Infantry Division, then the 3rd Panzergrenadier Division
3rd Lahore Divisional Area, of the British Indian Army during World War I
3rd Legions Infantry Division (Poland)
3rd Marine Division (United States)
3rd Motor Rifle Division (Soviet Union)
3rd Mountain Infantry Division Ravenna, Italy
3rd Rifle Division (Soviet Union)
3rd Special Forces Division (Greece)
Finnish 3rd Division (Continuation War)
Finnish 3rd Division (Winter War)
3rd Indian Infantry Division, official designation for the Chindits
See also
Third Division (disambiguation)
The Bitard is a fabulous animal. It is the symbol of the or Order of the Venerated Bitard (May They be Blessed!), a student association of University of Poitiers (France) created in the 1920s. The members themselves are also called Bitards and in some occasions they wear a cape colored according to their rank in the Order, along with a faluche, the traditional French Student cap. The Bitards' faluche has the particularity of being decorated with a chevron and having its own code for the signification of insignias. The folklore of the Order refers to François Rabelais as the word appears twice in hunting outcomes in Pantagruel.
Each year, the Order organizes a one-week festival, called the (69th Students' Week). Various festive activities happen during this week, including a procession, drinking events and a Bitard hunting.
Notes and references
Drinking culture
Student culture
History of Poitiers
University folklore
Jure Velepec (born 10 June 1965) is a Slovenian biathlete. They competed at the 1984, 1988, 1992 and the 1994 Winter Olympics.
References
1965 births
Living people
Slovenian male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Yugoslavia
Olympic biathletes of Slovenia
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1988 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1992 Winter Olympics
Biathletes at the 1994 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Ljubljana
Pletvar is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia. The critically endangered Macedonian grayling butterfly is only found in the Pletvar area.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 22 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 21
Serbs 1
References
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Audley Alexander (born 10 October 1991) is a Saint Lucian cricketer. They made their first-class debut for the Windward Islands in the 2016–17 Regional Four Day Competition on 16 December 2016. They made their List A debut for the Windward Islands in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 8 February 2017.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Saint Lucian cricketers
Windward Islands cricketers
George Moni is a professional rugby league footballer who plays for M & J Muruks in Papua New Guinea.  They are a Papua New Guinea international.
They have been named in the Papua New Guinea training squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
They have been named in the PNG squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup.
They played for Papua New Guinea in the 2010 Four Nations tournament.
References
External links
Living people
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Papua New Guinean sportsmen
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Mendi Muruks players
Rabaul Gurias players
1987 births
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Isabella of Ibelin may refer to:
Isabella of Ibelin, Queen of Cyprus and Jerusalem (1241–1324), wife of Hugh III of Cyprus
Isabella of Beirut (1252–1282), wife of Hugh II of Cyprus
Isabella of Ibelin (died 1315), wife of Guy of Ibelin
Route 78 is a highway in the Kansas City, Missouri area. Its eastern terminus is at Route 7 east of Independence; its western terminus is at Interstate 435 in Kansas City. Independence and Kansas City are the only two cities on the route. The highway is known as 22nd Street or 23rd Street. and Lake City Buckner Road.
Major intersections
References
078
Transportation in Jackson County, Missouri
Rosso José Serrano Cadena (August 30, 1942) is a former General of the Colombian National Police from 1994 to 2000 during Ernesto Samper's presidency and was one of the masterminds behind the dismantling of the Cali Cartel and Medellín Cartel. Serrano received numerous national and international decorations for their work against illicit drugs, drug-trafficking and the restructuring of the Colombian Police.  They are currently working as head of the Colombian diplomatic mission to Austria.
Early years
Serrano joined the Colombian National Police in 1960, attended classes in the "General Santander Police Academy" graduating in Police Administration and also received a doctorate in law and political sciences from La Gran Colombia University.
Public image and recognition
Serrano was described with words like "hero" in international media outlets. The American Congressman Bob Barr called them a "true hero in the War on Drugs". Serrano was twice chosen as the World's Top Cop by the International Association of Police Chiefs.
The Los Angeles Times wrote in 2000: Serrano's ability to anticipate change and respond has allowed them to survive four defense ministers and two presidents during their more than five years as police director. That's impressive for a kid from the little town of Velez who admits that they joined the police at age 17 because they liked the uniform. “Serrano is more than a great police officer,” said Myles Frechette, former U.S. ambassador to Colombia.
Parapolitics Scandal
On May 16, 2007 in a court hearing in Medellín, former paramilitary warlord and commander of the United Self-Defense Forces of Colombia (AUC) Salvatore Mancuso declared that the former director in chief of the Colombian National Police and current ambassador of Colombia to Austria Rosso José Serrano had intervened on behalf of the AUC leaders captured in La Guajira Department which included Rodrigo Tovar Pupo (aka "Jorge 40").
Popular culture
In TV Series El cartel is portrayed by the colombian actor Germán Quintero as the character of Javier Ibarra.
In the American crime thriller drama Narcos they are portrayed by the actor Gaston Velandia.
References
External links
fas.org
Rosso Jose Serrano speech - European Union
Calle22 on Rosso Jose Serrano
Univienna.org
1942 births
Living people
Colombian police officers
Colombian parapolitics scandal
Ambassadors of Colombia to Austria
Go Man Go, featuring David Ede and the Rabin Band, was one of British radio's flagship lunchtime pop music shows during the late 1950s and early 1960s.
Background and evolution
At that time, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC), which was responsible for all radio broadcasting in the country, had three big-band music shows on weekday lunchtimes: Make Way for Music featuring the BBC Northern Dance Orchestra (originally conducted by Alyn Ainsworth and later by Bernard Herrmann); Parade of the Pops featuring Bob Miller and the Millermen; and Go Man Go featuring David Ede and the Rabin Band. Make Way for Music was broadcast from the north of England without a studio audience, and the latter two were broadcast live from the BBC studio at the Paris Theatre in London's Lower Regent Street in front of an audience.
The Rabin Band evolved from a highly popular British dance band in the 1940s known as the Oscar Rabin Band, directed by bass saxophonist Oscar Rabin. Following Oscar's death in 1959, the band became known as David Ede and the Rabin Band under the musical direction of one of the band's saxophonists, David Ede.
By the late 1950s, rock and roll, particularly on records from the USA, had begun to take a firm hold on the popular music scene in Britain, and the BBC began to adjust its programming to accommodate the new trends. However, the powerful and protective Musicians Union had a strict policy that only a designated proportion of music broadcast on radio could be in the form of gramophone records and that the remainder must be provided by musicians performing live (or recorded) in the BBC studios.
Dance-halls were a popular form of entertainment at the time and the Rabin Band, which was the resident band at the Wimbledon Palais in London, was playing this music six nights a week. The band was invited to appear in a weekly one-hour radio show on the BBC Light Programme performing the pop music of the day.
Programme format
Go Man Go would consist typically of the band's renditions of songs and music from the current pop charts together with set pieces showcasing the impeccable jazz and swing credentials of the musicians. Each week would see the appearance of at least one guest artist or group either currently in or well known in the popular music charts. Listener requests and dedications were encouraged (‘on a postcard only please') and the show was linked by a resident compare. Several compares were used throughout the show's long run, including such personalities as jazz guitarist Diz Disley, Pick of the Pops compare Alan Freeman, and BBC staff announcer Don Moss.
Band personnel
At a minimum the band would perform on the show with three trumpets, one trombone, five saxes, piano, bass, guitar and drums plus one male and one female vocalist. In the show's heyday in 1962 and 1963 a typical line up would include Ian Hamer, Tony Mabbett and Derek Healey on trumpet; Charlie Messenger on trombone; Cecil Pressling, David Ede, Gene Cotterill, Johnny Evans, Bill Suett, and ‘Rocking' Rex Morris on saxes; Arthur Greenslade on piano; Laurie Steele on guitar; Andy White on drums; and Ron Prentice on bass. Female vocals were provided at various times by Lorie Mann, Barbara Kay, Marion Williams, and Kay Garner. Male vocalists included Ray Pilgrim (who was on the show for more than three years), Colin Day, Johnny Towers and Bobby Sansom. Johnny Towers originally appeared on the show under the name of Johnny Sherman but adopted the stage name Towers to avoid confusion with American rock singer Bobby Sherman.
Most of the musicians were session men. Trombonist Charlie Messenger also managed to maintain a parallel career as a member of the band of H.M. Life Guards performing on horseback at ceremonial occasions. But apart from inevitable deputizing when a musician had a gig elsewhere, the band's line up on Go Man Go was the same as that at its nightly performances at the Wimbledon Palais and later at the Orchid Ballroom in Purley in south London, and remained relatively static from week to week.
When the style of music demanded, the band would split into smaller groups: Arthur Greenslade (on piano) and the G-Men; Laurie Steele (guitar) and the Steele Men; the Rabin Stompers (for Dixieland jazz). Backing vocals came from within the band, particularly David Ede and saxophonist Johnny Evans, performing as "The Travellers", a pun on the show's title. Baritone saxophonist Bill Suett took on the comedy and novelty pieces.
Produced by the BBC's Terry Henebery, the show ran for well over four years. Its 200th performance aired on 4 January 1963 and was the first edition compared by Alan Freeman (who took over from the long-running Diz Disley).
Death of David Ede
David Ede drowned in a boating accident off Blackpool on 25 June 1965.
References and sources
Information on specific shows is available in archive copies of Radio Times, BBC Magazines Ltd, London (1958–1963).
BBC Radio programmes
BBC Light Programmes
{{DISPLAYTITLE:NRCs Best Dutch novels}}NRCs Best Dutch novels is a list of the most popular Dutch-language novels as of 2007.
This list is based on an internet survey on books, carried out by the Dutch newspaper NRC Handelsblad in the beginning of 2007. The Dutch public originally voted for their best-loved books from a "long-list". The long-list also contained Flemish authors like Louis Paul Boon, Hugo Claus and Willem Elsschot. From this, a "short-list" of ten books was drawn up for further voting. In March 2007 the final voting as shown below was presented on the Dutch national television.
The list comprises 9 novels. The works by Nescio are three novellas which have been published together. The list no longer contains Flemish (Belgian) authors.
The 10 books
Harry Mulisch, The Discovery of Heaven; (1992)
Kader Abdolah, The House of the Mosque; (2005)
Multatuli, Max Havelaar; (1860)
J. Bernlef, ; (1984)
Willem Frederik Hermans, The Darkroom of Damocles; (1958)
Willem Frederik Hermans, Beyond Sleep; (1966)
J. J. Voskuil, ; (series; 1996 - 2000)
Nescio, , , ; (three novellas; 1911-1918)
Gerard Reve, De avonden (The evenings); (1947)
Thomas Rosenboom, Publieke werken; (1999)
See also
References
Dutch novels
Lists of novels
Top book lists
Pancuronium (trademarked as Pavulon) is an aminosteroid muscle relaxant with various medical uses. It is used in euthanasia and is used in some states as the second of three drugs administered during lethal injections in the United States.
Mechanism of action
Pancuronium is a typical non-depolarizing curare-mimetic muscle relaxant. It competitively inhibits the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor at the neuromuscular junction by blocking the binding of acetylcholine. It has slight vagolytic activity, causing an increase in heart rate, but no ganglioplegic (i.e., blocking ganglions) activity. It is a very potent muscle relaxant drug, with an ED95 (i.e., the dose that causes 95% depression of muscle twitch response) of only 60 µg/kg body weight. Onset of action is relatively slow compared to other similar drugs, in part due to its low dose: an intubating dose takes 3–6 minutes for full effect. Clinical effects (muscle activity lower than 25% of physiological) last for about 100 minutes. The time needed for full (over 90% muscle activity) recovery after single administration is about 120–180 minutes in healthy adults.
The effects of pancuronium can be at least partially reversed by anticholinesterasics, such as neostigmine, pyridostigmine, and edrophonium.
Development
Workers at Organon were inspired by the structure of the aminosteroid alkaloid malouetine to develop a series of aminosteroid neuromuscular blockers based on an androstane nucleus, culminating in the development of pancuronium bromide.
Pancuronium is designed to mimic the action of two molecules of acetylcholine with the quaternary nitrogen atoms spaced rigidly apart by the steroid rings at a distance of ten atoms (interonium distance).
Decamethonium and suxamethonium also have this same interonium distance.
Uses in medicine
Pancuronium is used with general anesthesia in surgery for muscle relaxation and as an aid to intubation or ventilation. It does not have sedative or analgesic effects.
Side-effects include moderately raised heart rate and thereby arterial pressure and cardiac output, excessive salivation, apnea and respiratory depression, rashes, flushing, and sweating. The muscular relaxation can be dangerous in the seriously ill and it can accumulate leading to extended weakness. Pancuronium is not preferable in long-term use in ICU-ventilated patients.
In Belgium and the Netherlands, pancuronium is recommended in the protocol for euthanasia. After administering sodium thiopental to induce coma, pancuronium is delivered in order to stop breathing.
Uses in execution and suicide
Procedure
Pancuronium is also used as one component of a lethal injection in administration of the death penalty in some parts of the United States.
Controversy
Like all non-depolarising muscle relaxants, pancuronium has no effect on level of consciousness. Therefore, if the anaesthetic used is insufficient, the individual may be awake but unable to cry out or move due to the effect of the pancuronium. There have been several civil lawsuits alleging similar failures of adequate anaesthesia during general surgical procedures. These have been largely due to improper or insufficient dosages of anaesthetic in concert with normal dosages of muscle relaxants such as pancuronium.
In 2007, Michael Munro, a Scottish neonatologist at Aberdeen Maternity Hospital, was cleared of malpractice by the GMC Fitness to Practice panel after giving 23 times the standard dose of pancuronium to two dying neonates. Terminally ill, both dying babies were suffering from agonal gasping and violent body spasms, which was highly distressing for the parents to witness. Munro then administered pancuronium to the babies after advising the parents that this would ease their suffering and could also hasten death. It is on record that neither of the children's parents were unhappy with Dr Munro's treatment of their babies.
Amnesty International has objected to its use in lethal injections on the grounds that it "may mask the condemned prisoner's suffering during the execution," thereby leading observers to conclude that lethal injection is painless, or less cruel than other forms of execution.
Export limitations
The United Kingdom bans the export of pancuronium bromide to the United States due to its use in lethal injections, but not to the Netherlands or Belgium.
Uses in crime
Pancuronium was used in Efren Saldivar's killing spree. It was also used by the Skin Hunters to kill patients in the Polish city of Łódź. Pavulon was also used by Richard Angelo in 1987 to kill at least 10 patients under their care at the Good Samaritan Hospital in New York.
References
Acetate esters
Androstanes
Bromides
Schering-Plough brands
Lethal injection components
Muscle relaxants
Nicotinic antagonists
Piperidines
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Neuromuscular blockers
no:Curare
Honduras sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7–18 September 2016. This was the nation's sixth appearance at a Summer Paralympiad after it debuted at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. The Honduran delegation to Rio de Janeiro consisted of two athletes: powerlifter Gabriel Zelaya Díaz and short-distance swimmer Emmanuel Díaz. Both competitors were not ranked in their respective competitions after Gabriel Zelaya Díaz was unable to lift any weights in their three tries and Emmanuel Díaz was two minutes late arriving to their event.
Background
Honduras debuted at the Paralympic Games at the 1996 Summer Paralympics. The country has participated in every Summer Paralympic Games since, making Rio de Janeiro the sixth time they have taken part in a Summer Paralympiad. At the close of the Rio Paralympics, Honduras had not won its first medal at the Paralympics. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Honduras sent two athletes to compete at the Rio Paralympics, powerlifter Gabriel Zelaya Díaz and Emmanuel Díaz, a short-distance swimmer. Emmanuel Díaz was selected to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Powerlifting
Gabriel Zelaya Díaz was paralyzed as a consequence of being shot in the vertebral column and in the leg on 16 May 2004. They were 40 years old at the time of the Rio Paralympic Games and had limited experience competing in international powerlifting events. Zelaya Díaz qualified for the Games by receiving an invitation from the Bipartite Commission and partook in the men's −72 kg competition. On 11 September, they were up against nine other powerlifters for the top three placings in Riocentro. Zelaya Díaz was unsuccessful during their first try at lifting and could not do the same for at their second attempt. They waved to the crowd for encouragement just before their final try, but despite the increased support, was unable to record a mark. This meant Zelaya Díaz was not ranked by the judges in the competition.
Swimming
Universidad Católica de Honduras student Emmanuel Díaz was 20 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics, and these Games were their second significant international competition, after the 2015 Parapan American Games. Their disability is congenital; they were born with Myelomeningocele, a type of spina bifida, which has shortened their right leg by and has lost 80% of muscle strength in that limb. Emmanuel Díaz has undergone eleven surgeries to increase their mobility and took up swimming at the age of eight for health reasons.  They are classified S7 by the International Paralympic Committee. Emmanuel Díaz qualified for the Games because of their performance at the 2015 Parapan American Games which placed them ninth in the American rankings and 72nd in the world standings. They trained for half a year to prepare for the Paralympics. Going into the Paralympics, Emmanuel Díaz said they wanted to create history and set a pattern, "The goal we have is the one God has prepared for us, on my part I do not set limits, it will be they who decides where and when they will write my story." They were due to compete in the second heat of the men's 50 metre freestyle S7 event on 9 September but was disqualified for arriving two minutes late because of a miscommunication between competition officials and members of the Honduran delegation.
Men
See also
Honduras at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Honduran sport
Trave Peak (, ) is the partly ice-covered peak rising to 983.5 m in the southeast foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica. It has precipitous and partly ice-free west and north slopes, and overlooks Edgeworth Glacier to the north, east and south.
The peak is named after the settlement of Trave in Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Trave Peak is located at , which is 6.92 km south-southwest of Paramun Buttress, 6.92 km west by south of Chipev Nunatak and 11.28 km northeast of Darzalas Peak.
Maps
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
Notes
References
Trave Peak. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Trave Peak. Copernix satellite image
Mountains of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Sanya Nakade (1897–1971) was a Japanese painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1897 births
1971 deaths
20th-century Japanese painters
Japanese painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Tokyo
Sălătrucu is a commune in Argeș County, in Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Sălătrucu and Văleni.
The Battle of Sălătrucu took place here, 16–23 October 1916, during the Romanian Campaign of World War I.
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Čihák is a Czech surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jaroslav Čihák (1891–1944) Czech Austro-Hungarian army officer
Josef Čihák (born 1963) Czech tennis player
Miroslav Čihák (fl. 1950s) Czech canoeist
Zdeněk Čihák, Czech athlete
Czech-language surnames
Antioch was a town in Garvin County, Oklahoma, United States. It was located 10 miles west of Pauls Valley and had a post office from September 6, 1895, until May 14, 1932.
References
External links
Antioch, Oklahoma
Ghost Towns and Almost Ghost Towns of Oklahoma
Populated places in Garvin County, Oklahoma
Mark Knowles and Daniel Nestor were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Bob Bryan and Mike Bryan won in the final 6–2, 6–3 against Juan Ignacio Chela and Nicolás Massú.
Seeds
Bob Bryan / Mike Bryan (champions)
Mariano Hood / Martín Rodríguez (first round)
Simon Aspelin / Massimo Bertolini (first round)
Martín García / Sebastián Prieto (first round)
Draw
References
2004 Abierto Mexicano Telefonica Movistar Men's Doubles Draw
2004 Abierto Mexicano Telcel
Doubles
Ciołki is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south-west of Horodło, north-east of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Garrett W. Hagedorn (September 16, 1910 – August 9, 1985) was an American Republican Party politician who served in the New Jersey Senate, where they represented the 40th Legislative District from 1968 until their death.
Born and raised in Midland Park, New Jersey, Hagedorn attended the schools of the Eastern Christian School Association, then in Paterson, New Jersey.
Elective office
Hagedorn served on the Midland Park Borough Council from 1951 to 1957. They were sworn in as mayor on January 5, 1958, and served in that position until 1967.
From 1968 through 1973, Hagorden was one of five senators elected at-large from the 13th Legislative District, which covered all of Bergen County.
In the wake of the 1964 Supreme Court decision Reynolds v. Sims, which required the creation of state legislature districts as equal in population as possible, the 1973 elections were the first with a 40-district map, in which Hagedorn became part of the 40th Legislative District.
In the State Senate, Hagedorn was an advocate for efforts to address child abuse. Hagedorn sponsored legislation that created the New Jersey Department of Corrections and the New Jersey Department of Human Services from the Department of Institutions and Agencies.
They died of a heart attack on August 9, 1985, while on vacation in Belfast, Maine.
In the November 1985 general election, Republican Henry McNamara was elected to serve the two years remaining on Hagedorn's term of office.
Legacy
The New Jersey General Assembly and Senate passed bills in September 1985 which were signed into law in January 1986 renaming the Glen Gardner Center for Geriatrics, the state's primary facility for medical and psychiatric care for senior citizens, as the Senator Garrett W. Hagedorn Center for Geriatrics. In July 2011, Governor of New Jersey Chris Christie announced that the 310-bed facility in Glen Gardner, which had been renamed as the Senator Garrett W. Hagedorn Psychiatric Hospital, would be closed in 2012 as part of an effort to save $9 million a year in expenses.
References
1910 births
1985 deaths
Mayors of places in New Jersey
New Jersey city council members
New Jersey Republicans
New Jersey state senators
People from Midland Park, New Jersey
20th-century American politicians
Cleonymia yvanii is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel in 1833. It is found in Portugal, north-eastern Spain, southern France and north-eastern Italy.
The wingspan is 18–25 mm. Adults are variable in colour, ranging from ochre to greyish brown. Adults are on wing from the end of April to mid-July in one generation per year.
The larvae feed on Helianthemum species. They can be found in late summer. The species overwinters in the pupal stage.
References
External links
"Cleonymia yvanii Dup. La Cléophane concave". Lépi'Net.
"09284 Cleonymia yvanii (Duponchel, 1833)". Lepiforum e. V. Retrieved February 7, 2021.
Moths described in 1833
Cuculliinae
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel
United Africa Feeder Line (UAFL) is a shipping company founded in 2000 as a regional feeder service in Africa. Head office of UAFL is in Mauritius. UAFL is serving East-Africa, Southern Africa and the Indian Ocean Islands out of Europe, Asia and the Middle East.
UAFL is part of the German shipping group Deutsche Afrika-Linien (DAL) Group, based in Hamburg.
Directors of UAFL are Michael McKeown and Dr. Dag-Sven Dieckmann.
External links
United Africa Feeder Line (UAFL) official site
Shipping companies of Mauritius
David Wang (born 12 January 2000), known in China as Wang Jiahao (), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Nantong Zhiyun, as a winger.
They were included in The Guardian's "Next Generation 2017".
Club career
Wang was born in Cuenca, Spain, and started their career with Móstoles. They were bought by newly-Chinese-owned Jumilla in 2016, but as they did not have a youth academy set up yet, they were loaned immediately to fellow Spanish side Real Murcia, before joining Josep María Gené on loan the following season. Wang signed for English Premier League side Wolverhampton Wanderers in January 2019, and was immediately loaned to Portuguese side Sporting.
After failing to secure a place in the Sporting CP youth team, having appeared seven times on the bench, they were recalled from loan. However, they were unable to obtain a UK work visa, and was sent back to Spain with Granollers.
Having only made three substitute appearances with Granollers, Wang was again recalled, and this time sent to China to join China League One side Nantong Zhiyun.
After one appearance for Nantong Zhiyun, Wang officially joined the club in February 2021 on a permanent transfer.
International career
Wang was called up to the China under-16 national football team in 2015, and has expressed their desire to represent their parents' nation at international level.  They are seen as a very highly rated young player in China.
Career statistics
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Spanish footballers
Chinese expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
FC Jumilla players
Real Murcia players
Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. players
Sporting CP footballers
EC Granollers players
Nantong Zhiyun F.C. players
Tercera División players
China League One player
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in England
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in England
Chinese expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Durin Bridge () or Sibu-Durin Bridge is a bridge connecting Sibu and Durin in Sarawak, Malaysia. The bridge is part of the Jalan Sibu-Durin of the Pan Borneo Highway.
History
The bridge was opened on 2006 to replace the ferry service between Sibu and Durin. During that time, it was opened as two way bridge. A new bridge parallel to the existing bridge was completed in 2020.
Phase 2
During upgrading of the Pan Borneo Highway, Lebuhraya Borneo Utara Sdn Bhd (LBU) wants to double the bridge into four on 2015. The phase 2 of the Durin Bridge will be built under the Pan Borneo Highway project and after its completion, it will turn into a four-lane carriageway bridge. Construction is led by LBU as a turnkey contractor and was taken by HSL DMIA JV Sdn Bhd as the main contractor. It is one of the part of Work Package Contract (WPC 07) which connects Bintangor Junction and Sungai Kua Bridge, including Durin Bridge, Julau Interchange and Sibu Airport Interchange. The phase 2 of the bridge is expected to be completed on 2018 or until it is fully completed, according to Works Ministry. In December 2019, the new parallel bridge was completely stitched by Minister of Works, Baru Bian and in 2020, it was started to asphalted and opened to the traffic on the same year while the old one remains intact and now served for Sarikei route.
References
Bridges in Sarawak
The National Architectural Accrediting Board (NAAB), established in 1940, is the oldest accrediting agency for architectural education in the United States. The NAAB accredits professional degrees in architecture offered by institutions with U.S. regional accreditation. Currently, there are 153 accredited programs offered by 123 institutions. The NAAB develops standards and procedures appropriate for the education of architects. These standards are developed by architectural educators, practitioners, regulators, and students.
The minimum standards that all NAAB-accredited programs must meet are described in The 2014 NAAB Conditions for Accreditation.
The NAAB operates in an open, transparent manner in keeping with best practices in accreditation promulgated by the Association of Specialized and Professional Accreditors and the International Network of Quality Assurance Agencies in Higher Education (INQAAHE). This transparency extends to the process for review of the Conditions for Accreditation, publication of visiting team reports, and requirements for accredited programs to make information available to the public.
The NAAB-accredited degree is accepted for registration in all 54 U.S. jurisdictions and is required in 37 of them. Those seeking registration must also meet local jurisdictional requirements for experience and education.
The NAAB is a signatory to the Canberra Accord. This is a multi-lateral agreement between accreditation agencies that recognizes the substantial equivalence of their systems of accreditation. In addition, all signatory members have demonstrated their compliance with the UNESCO-UIA Charter on Architectural Education, as well, as the INQAAHE Guidelines of Good Practice.
See also
Architect
Architecture school in the United States
Bachelor of Architecture
Master of Architecture
Architect Registration Examination
References
National Architectural Accrediting Board - Official website
Accredited and candidate programs in architecture - List of Accredited Programs
School accreditors
Architecture organizations based in the United States
Organizations established in 1940
Olagbegi Atanneye I was a paramount ruler of Owo Kingdom, Ondo state, southwestern Nigeria who reigned between 1913 and 1938. They were the brother of Olowo Ajike Ogunoye and son of Olowo Olagbegi Atanneye II
References
Yoruba monarchs
Nigerian traditional rulers
People from Owo
Olagbegi family
The Innocent (Arabic البرئ, pronounced: Alparee') is an Egyptian feature film, released on 15 August 1986, starring Ahmed Zaki, Gamil Ratib, and Mahmoud Abdel Aziz.
Plot
The film depicts Ahmed Sabe' El Leil (Ahmed Zaki), a young poor farmer, who is serving their mandatory military year. As a result of their marksmanship, they are chosen as a prison guard. At the prison, they encounter the political prisoners who are treated inhumanely. They follow orders to torture and humiliate the prisoners, and even perform executions, Trucks full of university students who participated in the 1977 bread riots are brought to this prison, among them is their old friend from the village, Hussein Wahdan. Through Hussein the young guard discovers how oppressive and corrupt the government is, and Ahmed refuses to torture Hussein. In the final scene, censored in Egypt, Ahmed opens fire indiscriminately on officers and fellow soldiers until they are shot as a new truck filled with rioting students arrives.
See also
List of Egyptian films
References
1986 films
Egyptian drama films
1980s Arabic-language films
Footloose may refer to:
Footloose (1984 film), a musical film
Footloose (1984 soundtrack)
"Footloose" (song), performed by Kenny Loggins
Footloose (2011 film), a remake of the 1984 film
Footloose (2011 soundtrack)
Footloose (musical), a 1998 stage adaptation of the film
Footloose (professional wrestling), the tag team comprising Toshiaki Kawada and Hiromichi Fuyuki
Footloose!, a 1963 album by jazz pianist Paul Bley
Footloose (G.I. Joe), a fictional character in the G.I. Joe universe
Footloose Industry, a term for industry that isn't limited by certain environmental or spatial concerns that limit other kinds of industries.
The 1994–95 SM-liiga season was the 20th season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 12 teams participated in the league, and TPS Turku won the championship.
Standings
Playoffs
Quarterfinals
Jokerit - KalPa 3:0 (6:3, 6:0, 5:1)
Lukko - Kiekko-Espoo 3:1 (4:3 P, 2:4, 2:1 P, 4:3)
HIFK - Ässät 0:3 (1:2, 0:3, 0:3)
TPS - JYP 3:1 (2:1 P, 2:4, 4:3 P, 8:0)
Semifinals
Jokerit - Ässät 3:0 (6:0, 4:3, 7:0)
Lukko - TPS 1:3 (6:4, 3:4, 4:6, 3:4)
3rd place
Ässät - Lukko 3:0
Final
Jokerit - TPS 2:3 (2:1, 1:3, 5:2, 2:5, 1:5)
External links
SM-liiga official website
Fin
1994-95
1
A is a recorded collection of dialogues between a pupil and a rōshi (a Zen Buddhist teacher). Zen tradition values direct experience and communication over scriptures. (Some teachers go so far as to instruct their pupils to tear up their scriptures.) However, sometimes the mondō acts as a guide on the method of instruction.
One example of a non-Buddhist mondō is the Sokuratesu-no-mondō, the Japanese translation of the "Socratic method", whereby Socrates asked their students questions in order to elicit the innate truth from assumed facts
External links
A brief synopsis of Zen Buddhism from the BBC website
Zen
Zen texts
Japanese Buddhist literature
In molecular biology the β trefoil fold is a protein fold that consists of six beta hairpins, each formed by two beta strands. Together these form a beta barrel with a triangular "cap", each consisting of three hairpins. Overall, this structure has an approximate three-fold symmetry.
Details
The hairpins are arranged in three β-β-β-loop-β sequences, each having a "Y" or trefoil-like structure. The first and fourth β strands form one hairpin, while the second and third form the other hairpin- each hairpin forms another arm of the "Y" and the long loop forms its trunk.
The beta barrel has a 16 Å diameter, and is filled with amino acid side-chains.
Occurrence
Among other proteins, β trefoil fold is found in Kunitz inhibitors of several plants such as soybean, Erythrina caffra and wheat; in members of the interleukin 1 cytokine family (interleukin-1 alpha, interleukin-1 beta and interleukin-1 receptor antagonist); and in fibroblast growth factors 1 and 2.
External links
CATH Architecture "Beta Trefoil"
References
Protein folds
George Gerald Henderson (30 January 1862 – 28 September 1942) was a chemist and professor at the University of Glasgow. They were known for their work on terpenes.
Life
Henderson was born to a Glasglow merchant in 1862. They entered the University of Glasgow, aged 15 to study natural sciences. They graduated wit a BSc with distinction in 1881. Next they studied the arts and obtained a second degree. In 1884, they studied organic chemistry as a research assistant with Johannes Wislicenus in Leipzig. In 1885, they were a research assistant with James Johnston Dobbie.
They obtained an MA in Natural Science with first class honors in 1884, and a DSc in 1890 from the University of Glasgow.
In 1884, Henderson started as an assistant to professor John Ferguson at the University of Glasgow. In 1889, they became a Lecturer on Chemistry at Queen Margaret College (Glasgow). In 1892, they became the Freeland Professor of Chemistry at Glasgow and West of Scotland Technical College, where they worked to develop the chemistry department into a world class institution. They became a Regius Professor of Chemistry at the University of Glasgow in 1919. During their tenure at University of Glasgow, they oversaw construction of new laboratories. In 1937, Henderson was awarded the Medal of the Society of Chemical Industry for "conspicuous service to applied chemistry". Their research was influenced by Johannes Wislicenus, William Dittmar, George Thomas Beilby, and others.
In 1895, they married their cousin Agnes Mackenzie Kerr. They had no children. They died of a heart attack in 1937.
In their obituary, Henderson was described as:"of full middle height, spare of form, with brown moustache which never altered its shape in obedience to the dictates of fashion. In fact, Henderson was one of the most unchangeable of men."
Notable students and trainees
Ian (Isidore) Morris Heilbron (research assistant, 1907)
Alexander Robertson (graduate student, 1924, Studies on the sabinene series of terpenes)
Alexander R. Todd (student)
John Monteath Robertson (graduate student, 1926, The structural relationships of certain members of the bicyclic sesquiterpene series)
Service and Affiliations
President, Chemical Society (1931-1933)
President, the Institute of Chemistry (1924-1927)
President, the Society of Chemical Industry (1914-1915)
Secretary, Recorder, and President, Section B (Chemistry) of the British Association
Fellow, Royal Society (1916)
References
External links
Biography from the University of Glasgow
1862 births
1942 deaths
Scottish chemists
Scientists from Glasgow
Alumni of the University of Glasgow
Academics of the University of Strathclyde
Regius Professors
Academics of the University of Glasgow
Clair Tisseur (27 January 1827, in Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon, Rhône – 30 September 1896, in Nyons, Drôme), was a French architect whose best known work is Église du Bon-Pasteur, a prominent Romanesque Revival church in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon.  They are also remembered as a historian, linguist, biographer, poet, novelist, journalist, moralist, and satirist who frequently published their writings under the pen name Nizier du Puitspelu.
Tisseur organized and mentored a cultural society in Lyon called L'Alme et Inclyte Académie du Gourguillon, founded in 1879, that published numerous works during the Third Republic and into the 20th century. Members of the society included writers (Auguste Bleton, Henri Béraud, Monseigneur Lavarenne), artists (Pierre Combet-Descombes), and political leaders (Salles, Godard) who were active in Lyon.
French cinematographer Philippe Roger created a documentary film about Clair Tisseur entitled Clair l'obscur in 2000.
Works as architect
City hall of the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon
Église Saint-Clair de Brignais, 1859-1862 in Brignais (Rhône),
Église Saint-Jean de Chabeuil, 1862 in Chabeuil (Drôme),
Église Saint-Claude de Tassin, 1866-1868 in Tassin-la-Demi-Lune (Rhône),
Église Saint-Martin d'Orliénas, Orliénas (Rhône),
Église Sainte-Blandine, 1863-1869 in the 2nd arrondissement of Lyon,
Église du Bon-Pasteur, 1875-1883 in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon,
Église de Saint-Laurent-d'Agny, 1858 in Saint-Laurent-d'Agny (Rhône),
Église de Saint-Ferréol, in Saint-Ferréol-d'Auroure (Haute-Loire),
Several houses in the rue de la République (Lyon).
Writings
Fascinated by the history of the city of Lyon, its culture, and its regional Franco-Provençal dialect, Claude Tisseur penned numerous newspapers articles, narrative writings, and scholarly language studies, as well as humorous works. These include Les vieilleries lyonnaises in 1879, Les oisivetés du sieur Puitspelu in 1883, Très humble traité de phonétique lyonnaise in 1885, and Les Coupons d'un atelier lyonnais published posthumously. Le Littré de la Grand'Côte, their popular dictionary in Lyonnaise dialect first published in 1894 has been continuously in print for more than 100 years.
They also wrote the novel Histoire d'André in 1867, a large volume of poetry titled Pauca Paucis in 1889, and a collection of memoires they called Au hasard de la pensée in 1895.
See also
Franco-Provençal language
References
External links
Clair Tisseur (1862), Sur un dictionnaire de philosophie de Frédéric Morin, 16 pp., at Google Books
Clair Tisseur (1867), Histoire d'André, 202 pp., (novel) at Google Books
Nizier du Puitspelu pseud. Clair Tisseur (1882), Un Nöel satirique en patois lyonnais, 72 pp., at Google Books
Nizier du Puitspelu pseud. Clair Tisseur (1885), Très humble essai de phonétique lyonnaise, 145 pp. at Google Books
Nizier du Puitspelu pseud. Clair Tisseur (1890), Dictionnaire étymologique du patois lyonnais, 470 pp., at Google Books
Nizier du Puitspelu pseud. Clair Tisseur (1891), Les vieilleries lyonnaises de Nizier du Puitspelu, 398 pp., at Google Books
Clair Tisseur (1894), Pauca paucis, 380 pp., (poetry) at Google Books
Clair Tisseur (1893), Modestes observations sur l'art de versifier, 355 pp., at Google Books
1827 births
1896 deaths
People from Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon
19th-century French architects
French ecclesiastical architects
French male writers
Middlesex Turnpike may refer to:
Middlesex Turnpike (Connecticut)
Middlesex Turnpike (Massachusetts)
Michael Echols is an American politician from the state of Louisiana. A Republican, they represent the 14th district in the Louisiana House of Representatives.
Background
Echols is from Bastrop, Louisiana, and lives in Monroe. They earned a Bachelor of Arts and a Master of Business Administration from the University of Louisiana at Monroe. They served on the Monroe City Council before they were elected to the Louisiana House of Representatives in the 2019 elections.
References
External links
Living people
People from Bastrop, Louisiana
People from Monroe, Louisiana
University of Louisiana at Monroe alumni
Louisiana city council members
Members of the Louisiana House of Representatives
Louisiana Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
William T. Harrington (September 29, 1925 in Lynn, Massachusetts – February 14, 1998 in Boston, Massachusetts), as Bill Harrington was an American sportscaster, children's television host, and news reporter for WHDH radio and WCVB-TV in Boston.
Sportscasting
Harrington was a sportscaster at WHDH radio during the 1960s. They were Johnny Most's color commentator on Boston Celtics games and the radio play-by-play announcer for the Boston Bruins 1963–1966.
Children's television
In 1960, Harrington was hired by WHDH-TV to play Commander Jet on Commander Jet's Comedy. They also played Nozo the Clown, the brother of Bozo the Clown. Nozo was used to fill in for Bozo when Frank Avruch was unable to appear on the show.
In 1956, they married fellow Boston television personality Jean Dallaire, who subsequently played "Miss Jean" on the Boston version of Romper Room. They later married journalist Helen Woodman who was the owner/editor of the State House News Service in Boston, Massachusetts.
News reporting
They worked as a news reporter and state house correspondent for WHDH radio, WHDH-TV and WCVB-TV during the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. They left reporting becoming a media consultant.
References
1925 births
1998 deaths
American radio sports announcers
American television personalities
Boston Bruins announcers
National Basketball Association broadcasters
National Hockey League broadcasters
People from Lynn, Massachusetts
Radio personalities from Boston
The Murder in the Museum is a 1934 American film directed by Melville Shyer. The film is also known as The Five Deadly Vices (American reissue title).
Plot summary
A city councilman is murdered while investigating allegations of drug dealing going on at a disreputable sideshow. The daughter of the chief suspect then teams up with a newspaper reporter to find the real killer.
Cast
Henry B. Walthall as Bernard Latham Wayne, alias Prof. Mysto
John Harron as Jerry Ross
Phyllis Barrington as Lois Brandon
Tom O'Brien as Alfred Carr
Joseph W. Girard as Police Commissioner Brandon
Symona Boniface as Katura the Seeress
Donald Kerr as Museum Tour Guide
Sam Flint as Councilman Blair Newgate
John Elliott as Detective Chief Snell
Steve Clemente as Pedro Darro
Reuse of film
Footage of a belly dancer shot for the film was reused in the 1943 film Confessions of a Vice Baron.
External links
1934 films
American black-and-white films
American thriller films
1930s thriller films
Films directed by Melville Shyer
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
Jermaine Levy (born 30 September 1993) is a Jamaican cricketer. They made their first-class debut for Combined Campuses and Colleges in the 2013–14 Regional Super50 on 28 March 2014. They made their List A debut for Combined Campuses and Colleges in the 2016–17 Regional Super50 on 24 January 2017. In October 2019, they were named in the West Indies Emerging Team for the 2019–20 Regional Super50 tournament.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Jamaican cricketers
Combined Campuses and Colleges cricketers
Jamaica cricketers
West Indies Emerging Team cricketers
The Flying Hat Band were an early 1970s Birmingham, England hard rock act that, alongside Judas Priest, ranked as the Midlands' favourites to succeed. Despite not having released an album, the band proved a successful club act and eventually went on to support Deep Purple on one of their European tours.
The band folded in April 1974 following Glenn Tipton's departure to become the second guitarist in Judas Priest, who at the time had just signed their first record deal with Gull Records. Peter "Mars" Cowling joined Canadian rocker Pat Travers in 1975, and was part of Travers' band for several years. Trevor Foster joined folk rock group The Albion Band and Little Johnny England.
Personnel
Final lineup
Glenn Tipton - vocals, guitar
Peter "Mars" Cowling - bass guitar (d. 2018)
Steve Palmer - drums
Former members
Trevor Foster - drums
Andy Wheeler - bass
Pete Hughes - vocals
Steve Burton - vocals
Frank Walker - bass guitar
Dave Shelton - bass and guitars
Discography
Signed to Vertigo, in 1973 the trio recorded a studio album which was never released.
In 1992, small German label SPM International released a split CD entitled "Buried Together", featuring Scottish rock band Iron Claw (erroneously labelled as Antrobus) alongside four Flying Hat Band demo tracks, dated back to 1973.
Those tracks are:
Seventh Plain - 2:55
Coming Of The Lords - 6:46
Reaching For The Stars - 4:36
Lost Time - 2:39
Trivia
Drummer Steve Palmer is the brother of Carl Palmer (Emerson, Lake & Palmer).
Original members Dave Shelton and Pete Hughes were also in Tipton's earlier bands Merlin and Shave'Em Dry, the latter with future Starfighters and Ozzy Osbourne drummer Barry Scrannage.
References
External links
Musicmight band page
English hard rock musical groups
Musical groups established in 1971
Musical groups disestablished in 1974
1971 establishments in England
1974 disestablishments in England
Judas Priest
Musical groups from Birmingham, West Midlands
Chandan Singh may refer to:
Chandan Singh (Air Vice Marshal) (1925–2020), Indian military officer
Chandan Singh (athlete) (born 1987), Indian racewalker
Chandan Singh (politician), Indian politician
See also
Chandan Singh Rawat (1928–2008), Indian footballer
The Lute Player or Singing Man with Lute is a 1622 painting by Dirck van Baburen. Since 1955 it has been in the Centraal Museum in Utrecht.
Having encountered Caravaggio's style in Rome, van Baburen popularised it back in the Dutch Republic, particularly images of single musicians such as this one, drawing on the Italian artist's The Lute Player and setting a trend which also resulted in Frans Hals's The Lute Player of 1623.
References
Bibliography
Anna Tummers (ed.), Frans Hals, Oog in oog met Rembrandt, Rubens en Titiaan Frans Hals Museum, Haarlem, 2013 p. 112
1622 paintings
Paintings by Dirck van Baburen
Paintings in the collection of the Centraal Museum
Udsali may refer to several places in Estonia:
Udsali, Rõuge Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
Udsali, Võru Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1998:.
See also
1998 in Hong Kong
External links
IMDB listing of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1998 at HKcinemamagic.com
1998
Hong Kong
1998 in Hong Kong
Prima televize (previously Prima family, originally Premiéra) is a Czech private television station. Its channel is broadcast from Prague. Its current owner is FTV Prima, spol. s. r. o., which is majority-owned by Czech investment firm GES, in turn owned by Czech oligarch Ivan Zach. The group's current general manager is Marek Singer. It is the first private TV channel in the Czech Republic and the former Czechoslovakia.
History
FTV Prima's history began when FTV Premiéra obtained the first ever privately owned TV license in the Czech Republic on November 26, 1992, and its official broadcast began on June 20, 1993. Through its first year, the channel only broadcast to the Prague metropolitan area, with a mix of regional programming and imported American TV series dubbed into Czech, such as The A-Team.
Some months later, FTV Premiéra was allowed to expand its coverage to a national audience using the facilities of other privately owned regional TV services which were being licensed by the Broadcasting Council. Some local broadcasters were not satisfied with this proposal and complained about the council's action, as they would be limited by broadcast time and Premiéra could have a hand on the allocation of licences. The Prime Minister's office rejected the accusations, as the intervention of FTV Premiéra was supposed to help them with funding and at the same time increase viewership.
On June 28, 1994, Premiéra became licensed to uplink its signal into the Hot Bird satellite, allowing the broadcaster to expand its coverage nationwide. By early 1995, coverage was expanded into the Liberec-Ještěd, Zlín-Tlustá hora, Ostrava-Hošťálkovice and Plzeň-Krkavec, however, the much-promised satellite uplink into the Hot Bird satellite was postponed. Eventually, the FTV Premiéra signal was uplinked into the DFS Kopernikus-2 satellite at 28.5 ° E, on the morning of Friday, June 9, 1995. This satellite signal formally made Premiéra a de facto fourth national network, and was intended primarily as a distribution signal for local transmitters and cable television. The signal would be encrypted on August 1, when formal transmissions on satellite officially began.
However, FTV Premiéra suffered from the beginning of its national broadcast, as TV Nova had caught Premiéra into a headstart, and its programming was being considered as inferior and unattractive compared to the innovative and brash programming offered by its new private competitor. As a result, and as part of an ongoing complaint from German pay-TV broadcaster Premiere (now Sky) over FTV Premiéra's name being too similar to the former, on October 15, 1996, the broadcaster announced a major relaunch from January 10, 1997, including a new programming concept centered in a family-friendly schedule, and the renaming of the broadcaster as Prima televíze, with a new brand designed by American company Novocom. The new management, led by Kateřina Fričová, distanced itself from Nova's aggressive programming concept by increasing the production of original series and shows and the broadcast of very popular classic TV series, mostly of American origin. Prima is also well known for broadcasting German and French crime series..
The broadcaster also began to expand its coverage and ended its relationship with some local channels, allowing Prima to expand using its own infrastructure, still with the obligation to broadcast some regional programmes. In 2001, Prima launched a broadcast from Klínovec, thus increasing its coverage to 72.3% of the country and setting its first records in viewership. New programming would help Prima to become a factor in the ratings, and, by 2003, FTV Prima's broadcasting license was extended until 2018.
In 2005, Prima became the first broadcaster in the Czech Republic to offer a reality show, an adaptation of the successful Hungarian format Való Világ, under the name Vy Volení. The show marked the first Czech-Slovakian collaboration between Prima and TV JOJ, which, at the time, was beefing up its programming concept after distancing from its former owner (and Prima's competitor) Nova. To launch the show, Prima made a headstart and launched the show one week before Nova's adaptation of Big Brother. This strategy would work for Prima as it would reach 2,2 million viewers on the final episode of its first season; in contrast, Nova's Big Brother was promptly canceled after just one season.
The success of Vy Volení helped the channel to establish itself as a competitor to Nova and the public Česka televíze channels, and also a target for acquisition. In 2005, Swedish group Modern Times Group bought a majority 50% shareholding in the broadcaster, and helped Prima to diversify and improve its programming. It began acquiring more recent American TV shows, like Grey's Anatomy, Desperate Housewives, Bones, Heroes, The Closer, Medium, Criminal Minds, Monk, and acquired exclusive rights to UEFA Euro 2008. The channel also got new graphics in 2007, with a new 3D logo designed by French agency Dream On, which is still used to date.
By 2009, Prima launched its first ever thematic channel, Prima Cool, aimed at a young male target audience, with a heavy level of acquired TV series and shows, like The Big Bang Theory, The Simpsons or Top Gear. Two years later, Prima launched Prima Love, aimed at a female audience. It also continued its collaboration with Slovakia's TV JOJ and launched a joint Czech-Slovakian version of the Got Talent franchise.
On October 31, 2011, FTV Prima CEO Marek Singer announced the cancellation of the licence of the main Prima channel, valid until 2018, and plans to replace it with a new one. The reason of the cancellation was to drop its obligations to broadcast regional programming, which had caused them problems in recent years. On January 1, 2012, Prima switched to a new licence and was renamed as Prima family, being named as such as Prima was widely considered by Czechs as a family-oriented television service. The newly licensed channel took over the frequency at 4:47am and was launched at 6am with a special New Year's Day presentation of Finding Nemo.
At the same time, Martin Konrád replaced Singer as managing director, and the channel began promoting Obchoďák, a TV series which was advertised as the biggest and most expensive production ever made on Czech television. Although the series was ordered with two seasons in mind, it was canceled at the end of the first season due to low ratings.
In February 2013, Prima launched a third thematic channel, Prima Zoom, which focused on documentary programming. Part of the programming would be made in collaboration with MTG's documentary channels. By August 2013, as a measure to address some woes which had hampered the station's ratings, Prima family was renamed Prima, thus returning the channel to its original name. It also revived the Vy Volení reality show, in collaboration, once again, with TV JOJ, however, the new season was ultimately unsuccessful and it would be later canceled. However, it would continue to collaborate with TV JOJ for additional shows, like the local adaptation of the Got Talent franchise, and even acquiring the rights to The X Factor.
By 2013, Konrád was displaced and Singer returned as CEO of FTV Prima. They would return the channel to a more family-friendly approach, by launching more original series, some of which would become successful. Between 2015 and 2017, Prima launched three additional channels: Prima MAX, focusing on films, Prima Comedy Central, in association with the American cable TV channel (renamed Paramount Network in 2021), and Prima Krimi, which focused exclusively on crime-related TV series and documentaries. Additionally, FTV Prima launched a Slovakia-specific channel, Prima PLUS, which only airs originally-produced content to comply with Slovak regulations.
In 2017, the FTV Prima group was sold by Modern Times Group and acquired by Czech oligarch Ivan Zach, through the Denemo Media subsidiary of its investment company GES. At the same time, FTV Prima announced a partnership with CNN International, resulting on the launch of CNN Prima News, the first major competitor to ČT24. Prima would beef up its news service in the round-up to the launch of the new channel, ultimately delayed to 2020. The main Prima channel also acquired rights to the successful Masked Singer franchise, in collaboration, once again, with TV JOJ; however, the COVID-19 pandemic delayed the launch of both ventures. Ultimately, CNN Prima News would launch on May 3, 2020, with its main morning and early evening newscasts being broadcast simultaneously on the main Prima channel; although it has been unable to establish itself as a competitor to ČT24, it has since made some progress in the ratings. The local version of the Masked Singer franchise, although heavily marketed at its launch, would eventually become unsuccessful, and then cancelled after just one season of 10 shows.
In May 2021, the channel launched an additional niche channel, Prima STAR, which is a competitor to similarly themed channel Nova Gold. The channel, only available in SD, offers rebroadcasts of popular FTV Prima shows aired through the station's history.
Sister channels FTV Prima
Controversy
The network has been criticised for its biased anti-migrant position during the European migrant crisis.
Daily schedule (autumn 2022)
Logos
References
External links
Official Site
CNN Prima NEWS website
Program TV Prima
Television in the Czech Republic
Television stations in the Czech Republic
Czech-language television stations
Modern Times Group
Mass media in Prague
Television channels and stations established in 1992
Cornelius Duggan (1923 - 22 December 1996), known as Nealie Duggan, was an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for club sides Urhan, St. Patrick's and Lees, divisional side Beara, at inter-county level with the Cork senior football team and with Munster.
Career
Duggan first came to Gaelic football prominence with the Urhan junior team, while also securing selection to the Beara divisional team. They consecutive Beara Junior Championship titles with Urhan in 1943-44, by which time they had also been added to the Cork senior football team. Duggan won their first Munster Championship title in 1943 and, in spite of being included on the team at the start of the 1945 provincial campaign, they were later suspended for allegedly playing illegally in Kerry. The suspension cost them an All-Ireland medal as Cork won that year's title after a defeat of Cavan. Duggan soon re-joined the team, winning further provincial medals in 1949 and 1952, as well as their first National League title in the latter year. After winning a County Junior Championship title with the St. Patrick's club, they later transferred to Lees Football Club and won a County Senior Championship medal in 1955. Duggan enjoyed further inter-county success throughout the 1956-57 seasons, winning a second National League medal and consecutive Munster Championship medals. The ultimate success eluded them as Cork suffered back-to-back All-Ireland final defeats to Galway and Louth, with Duggan captaining the team on the second occasion. They were also a regular on the Munster team and won two Railway Cup titles.
Personal life and death
Duggan was born in Urhan, County Cork. They relocated to Cork in the late 1940s, eventually settling in Bishopstown, and worked with Cork County Council. Duggan died at Cork University Hospital on 22 December 1996.
Honours
Urhan
Beara Junior Football Championship: 1943, 1944
St. Patrick's
Cork Junior Football Championship: 1949
City Junior Football Championship: 1949
Lees
Cork Senior Football Championship: 1955
Cork
Munster Senior Football Championship: 1943, 1949, 1952, 1956, 1957
National Football League: 1951-52, 1955-56
Munstwr
Railway Cup: 1948, 1949,
References
1923 births
1996 deaths
Urhan Gaelic footballers
Beara Gaelic footballers
Lees Gaelic footballers
Cork inter-county Gaelic footballers
Munster inter-provincial Gaelic footballers
Seaton is a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, located in the western suburbs near Findon, Grange and West Lakes. Seaton is home to the Royal Adelaide Golf Club.
History
Prior to World War II the area was largely rural, with market gardens, poultry farms and lucerne paddocks, bounded to the west by sand dunes. With the rapid development of industry during and after the war years, including the munitions factory at Hendon and the General Motors-Holden motor vehicle assembly plant at Woodville, the South Australian Housing Trust developed large areas of low-cost workers' housing in Seaton and other nearby suburbs.
The first Seaton Post Office opened on 1 September 1965, renamed from Seaton Park; in 1991 it closed and was replaced by the second office renamed from Seaton North.
Seaton is known for its football team, the Seaton Ramblers, who play in Division Three in SAAFL.
Education
There are currently two schools (both of which are Government and co-educational) located within Seaton:
Seaton Park Primary School, located on Balcombe Avenue.
Seaton High School, located on the corner of Frederick Road and Glenburnie Street.
References
Suburbs of Adelaide
Sports are activities involving physical exertion and skill, in which a team compete against another as a form of entertainment. The universality of sport allows it to encompass several different rights. Most sporting events have a huge impact on human rights. Human rights are rights that are believed to belong to justifiably every person. In particular youth sport which concerns the rights of children. The practice of sport is beneficial to children as it can have a positive impact on their physical, mental, psycho-motor and social development skills. Sport is helpful in a human rights context as it encourages the integration of children from different cultural or economic backgrounds, those with disabilities and helps promote gender equality.
The practice of sport is seen to be important to the development of young people as it fosters their physical and emotional health and builds valuable social connections. It offers opportunities for play and self-expression that is beneficial especially for young people with few other opportunities. Within schools physical education is a vital component of quality education as it promotes physical activity and can help improve academic performance.
International conventions and organisations
Convention on the Rights of the Child
The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child 1990 does not include any direct reference to sports. The articles in the Convention are applicable in the wider context of youth sport. Article 31 does provide some reference in relation to the rights of the child when it comes to cultural, artistic,recreational and leisure activity.
Sport and games are an asset in reaching the objectives found in the Convention. Youth sport can help to combat discrimination by promoting the integration of race, gender, religion, children from different economic and social backgrounds, age and ability. Provide social and participative opportunities for children and also provide access to those with disabilities, from different social or economic situations. By providing sport in schools or at a community based level it can motivate and stimulate children towards achievement, promote public health and encourage fair play and the channelling of certain emotions and violence.
United Nations Office for Sport Development and Peace
The United Nations Office Sport Development and Peace, (UNOSDP) have implemented strategies to foster youth development in sport. They address the areas of child protection in sport and sport to strengthen child and youth education. The United Nations Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace 2003 defines sport for development as "all forms of physical activity that contribute to physical fitness, mental well-being and social interaction, such as play, recreation, organised or competitive sport, and indigenous sports.” The UNOSDP have instigated these strategies as children should have the opportunity to take part in sport at all levels in a safe, secure and positive environment as children can be vulnerable to being influenced in sport and child protection is important.
Council of Europe
The Council of Europe is one of the most active intergovernmental institutions for the protection of human rights of athletes and youth. The Council has established norms and standards which encourage member states to adopt laws, policies and programmes.
The Council of Europe has developed the 1992 European Sports Charter with the view to the promotion of sport as an important factor in human development and provides that Governments should take the steps necessary to apply the provisions of the Charter in accordance with the principles set out in the Code of Sports Ethics set out by the Council. This Charter will help to enable every individual to participate in sport and to ensure that all young people should have the opportunity to receive physical education instruction and the opportunity to acquire basic sports skills. The Council wants to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to take part in sport and physical recreation in a safe and healthy environment and in co-operation with the appropriate sports organisations. It will also look to ensure that everyone with the interest and ability should have the opportunity to improve their standard of performance in sport and reach levels of personal achievement and/or publicly recognised levels of excellence. The Charter will also help to protect and develop the moral and ethical aspects of sport and promote the human dignity and safety of those involved in sport, by safeguarding sport, sportsmen and women from exploitation for political, commercial and financial gain and from practices that are abusive or degrading including the abuse of drugs and the sexual harassment and abuse of children, young people and women.
Child protection
Sport is a physical activity which is most readily identified with youth as there has been an increase in youth involvement in high performance sports due to early identification of athletic talent and early specialisation. There is a need for child's rights to be protected in organised sports as abuses can take place.
The United Nations Office on Sport for Development and Peace (UNOSDP) has a strategy in place to protect the rights of the child when it comes to abuse. The most commonly abused human rights in relation to youth sport recognised by the UNOSDP found in conjunction with 1990 Convention on the Rights of the Child are the right to health (Article 24), the right to protection from all forms of violence and maltreatment (Article 19), the right to protection from trafficking (Article 11), the right to education (Article 23) and the right to rest (Article 31.1).
The World Health Organization report in 1999 defined child abuses as "all forms of physical and/or emotional ill treatment, sexual abuses, neglect or negligent treatment or commercial or other exploitation, resulting in actual or potential harm to the child's health, survival, development or dignity in the context of a relationship of responsibility, trust or power.”
The most common forms of abuse in youth sport are child trafficking and labour, physical abuse, peer violence, physical violence by adults including physical punishment, violence due to participation in competitions, sexual abuse and harassment. Also emotional and psychological abuse such as neglect and bullying. Abuse can lead to other problems which can have lifelong effects on the child such as physical injuries, sexual health problems, depression, low self-esteem, eating and sleeping disorders, post-traumatic stress disorder and suicide.
Abuses in youth sport can happen for numerous reasons. Abuses can occur because children feel a sense of dependency. Children find themselves in unique situations where they often train with those who are older or with an adult coach therefore the environment they are in creates a pseudo family within which there are certain expectations and pressures placed on them which can create strong emotions and they form a dependency to the adults in charge. Training to please, the psychological development of the child often impulses them to train excessively and do almost anything to please adults and achieve in their chosen sport which can make them vulnerable to the possibility of abuse. Lack of qualified trainer's, often trainers are sports people who may have gone through a professional sports career but may not have the necessary coach training required to deal with children. Lack of international standards, the UNOSDP is working to develop international standards with respect to human rights to protect children in sports as the lack of international standards can lead to human rights abuses of children in sport.
Combating human rights violations
In order to move forward to prevent human rights violations the UNOSDP International Working Group propose that States should implement policies that educate children, parents and coaches, along with developing policies and international standards to combat human rights abuses in youth sport. Educating children about the risks of abuse in sport, their rights and whom to ask for help will help combat breaches of human rights and abuse. The Canadian Red Cross RespectedED teaches children and adults how healthy relationships look and feel, detecting signs of abuse or harassment and how to get help. Raising awareness of abuse to parents by informing parents of the possible harms that intensive training can do to their children, their role and responsibilities, and how they can contribute to the prevention of child abuse in sport. Targeting coaches by providing training and education to coaches on ethics in sport and acceptable training techniques as well as screening for potential offenders which should help to mitigate child abuse. This provides children with the appropriate direction and guidance and allows for competent supervision. Developing practices to protect children and youth, and also developing policies that concern sport participation, training and competition should help recognise and prioritise the needs and interests of the child or youth at all times.
The development of a child-centered sports system which aims at developing competitive talent among athletes and fulfilling their human rights and dignity is a way of enabling children to develop holistically in a sports system. A child sensitive system to combat human rights violations would look at promoting equality, non-discrimination and fairness. Addressing the best interests of the child which allows them to be included in any decisions being made but also allows others to focus on the impact the potential situation may have on the child. Also recognising the child as the subject of rights and their ability to exercise rights makes them less vulnerable to abuse and exploitation. Evaluating the evolving capacities of the child as children are constantly developing therefore consideration has to be given to age, maturity and capacity for discernment. All young athletes are different and cannot compete at the same levels therefore the developmental capacities need to be addressed. Implementing health standards for all athletes which address physical, psychological, spiritual, social and cultural aspects.
References
External links
Convention on the Rights of the Child
Sport for Development and Peace
European Sports Council
Human Right Law
Youth rights
Youth sport
Erythronium mesochoreum, the prairie fawn lily or midland fawnlily, is a plant species in the lily family, native to the US states of Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas and Arkansas.
Erythronium mesochoreum forms round to egg-shaped bulbs up to 25 mm long. Leaves are elliptic to lanceolate, up to 14 cm long. Scape is up to 15 cm tall, bearing only one flower. Tepals are spreading at flowering time, white with blue or purple tinge on the underside and a yellow spot on the upper side. Anthers are yellow, and style is white.
References
mesochoreum
Flora of the United States
Plants described in 1891
Arturo Ruiz Castillo (9 December 1910 – 18 June 1994) was a Spanish screenwriter and film director.
Selected filmography
Devil's Roundup (1952)
Two Paths (1954)
Kubala (1955)
References
Bibliography
Bentley, Bernard. A Companion to Spanish Cinema. Boydell & Brewer 2008.
External links
1910 births
1994 deaths
Spanish film directors
Spanish male screenwriters
People from Madrid
20th-century Spanish screenwriters
20th-century Spanish male writers
Inhale/Exhale is the first album by the Swedish grindcore band Nasum. It was released on 26 May 1998 by Relapse Records.
The album cover is a photo taken by Anatoly Zhdanov of a Russian protest against pollution in Russia in the 1980s.
Track listing
Personnel
Nasum
Mieszko Talarczyk - guitars, bass guitar, screaming vocals
Anders Jakobson - drums, death growls
Production
Robert Ahlborg - photography, artwork
Adam Peterson - artwork
William J. Yurkiewicz Jr. - executive producer
Matthew F. Jacobson - executive producer
Mieszko Talarczyk - engineering, mixing, editing, pre-mastering
Anders Jakobson - mixing, layout, logo
Mathias Färm - recording, engineering
Dan Swanö - editing, pre-mastering
Per Lindberg - recording
Dave Shirk - mastering
References
Nasum albums
1998 debut albums
Relapse Records albums
Dynoides castroi is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
castroi
Sabato fascista ("Fascist Saturday") was established by the Italian Fascist Grand Council on 16 February 1935. Italians were expected to use Saturday afternoons engaged in cultural, sporting, paramilitary and political activities.
According to Tracy H. Koon, this scheme failed as most Italians preferred to spend Saturday as a day of rest. The Secretary of the National Fascist Party, Achille Starace, repeatedly complained about Italians' lack of participation.
Notes
Italian Fascism
Israeli invasion of Lebanon may refer to any of several Israeli military campaigns in Israeli-Lebanese Conflict:
1978 South Lebanon conflict, an invasion of Lebanon up to the Litani River carried out by the Israel Defense Forces
1982 Lebanon War, Israel Defense Forces invasion of southern Lebanon
Operation Accountability, week-long attack by Israeli forces against Lebanon in July 1993
Operation Grapes of Wrath, 1996 Israeli Defense Forces campaign against Lebanon
2006 Lebanon War, a military conflict in Lebanon, northern Israel and the Golan Heights
The cinnamon flycatcher (Pyrrhomyias cinnamomeus) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is the only member of the genus Pyrrhomyias.
It is found in Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia and northwestern Argentina. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
cinnamon flycatcher
Birds of the Northern Andes
cinnamon flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Next Time I Marry is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Garson Kanin and written by John Twist and Helen Meinardi. The film stars Lucille Ball, James Ellison, Lee Bowman, Granville Bates and Mantan Moreland. The film was released on December 9, 1938, by RKO Pictures.
Plot
In this screwy romantic comedy, a young woman (Lucille Ball) stands to inherit $20 million provided they marry an American citizen. Unfortunately, they are in love with a handsome foreigner. To get the money, they marry the first Yankee they run across—with every intention of obtaining a quickie divorce in Reno as soon as the money comes through. The bickersome newlyweds take a trailer and set off across the country to Reno, but through a series of zany mishaps and adventures they realize that they are slowly falling in love.
Cast
Lucille Ball as Nancy Crocker Fleming
James Ellison as Anthony J. Anthony
Lee Bowman as Count Georgi
Granville Bates as H.E. Crocker
Mantan Moreland as Tilby
Elliott Sullivan as Red
Murray Alper as Joe
Ann Evers as Neeny
References
External links
1938 films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
RKO Pictures films
Films directed by Garson Kanin
Films produced by Cliff Reid
American comedy films
1938 comedy films
1930s American films
Paolo Bassetti (Milan, October 8, 1964) holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Bologna, a master's degree in Economics and Latin American Studies from the London School of Economics (LSE) and a Sloan Program from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), in Cambridge.
They were executive of the Techint for 26 years. They participated actively in major industrial and organizational development operations of the Techint group. They were vice president of Usiminas from 2012 to 2014 and president of Ternium in Brazil from 2015 to 2018. In early April 2018, they left the company's leadership.
Born in Milan, they are married and has two children. Currently, Bassetti lives between São Paulo, Milan and Eastern Europe. Throughout their career, they have lived and worked in Italy, Mexico, Argentina, Romania and Brazil.
In Brazil, they played an important role in renegotiating the shareholder agreement with Japan's Nippon Steel, ending a corporate fight in Usiminas that lasted more than 3 years. In addition, it was part of the creation of Exiros (8 B / $ turnover), the purchase of Silcotub-Tenaris and its restructuring in Eastern Europe, the purchase of the Usiminas Control Group and the first Ternium factory in Brazil. They served as Chairman of Musa S.A (2012–2014) and Counselor of MRS (2012–2015).
References
Living people
1964 births
William Orlando Markham (1818–1891) was an English physician and pioneer of cardiology.
After education at Edinburgh, Paris, and Heidelberg, William Markham graduated in 1840 M.D. in the University of Edinburgh, where they obtained a gold medal for their thesis on the surgical practice of Paris, illustrated by cases. They became house-surgeon to the York Road Lying-in Hospital and soon after was appointed physician to the Blenheim Street Dispensary. They resigned that position when they were elected to the Western General Dispensary, New Road. At St Mary's Hospital, Markham was appointed in 1851 assistant physician and in 1857 full physician, resigning in December 1867. At St Mary's Hospital, they were from 1854 to 1860 lecturer on pathology and 1857 to 1860 lecturer on physiology. They were elected FRCP in 1854.
Markham was from January 1861 to August 1866 the editor-in-chief of the British Medical Journal. From 1867 to 1870 they were Poor Law inspector and medical adviser to the Poor Law Board; however, they resigned in November 1870 because of failing health.
Family
William Orlando Markham was christened on 23 September 1818 in Northampton. Their father was Charles Markham, Clerk of the Peace for Northampton. William Markham was married twice. They married their first wife, Eliza Emma, daughter of John William Smith of Shrewsbury, on 29 April 1847. They gave birth to their son, Henry William Kennedy Markham, on 26 July 1848 and died on 19 August 1848. William Markham's second wife was Catherine, daughter of Dr. James Hamilton of Edinburgh and widow of Thomas Segrave. William and Catherine married in September 1854. Their daughter, Eliza Catherine Markham, was born on 4 September 1855.
Selected publications
(The German 1st edition was Joseph Škoda's Abhandlung über Perkussion und Auskultation, Vienna, 1839.)
References
1818 births
1891 deaths
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
19th-century English medical doctors
Physicians of St Mary's Hospital, London
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
British cardiologists
Medical journal editors
English medical writers
Burials at Brookwood Cemetery
The R10 was the first series of post-war New York City Subway cars. They were built by the American Car and Foundry Company from 1948 to 1949 for the IND/BMT B Division. A total of 400 cars were built, arranged as single units. Two versions were manufactured: Westinghouse (WH)-powered cars and General Electric (GE)-powered cars. The R10s introduced many innovations, including an all-welded low-alloy high tensile (LAHT) steel construction, dynamic braking, improved propulsion, and various cosmetic features.
The first R10s entered service on November 20, 1948. Various modifications were made over the years to the R10 fleet, and about 110 cars were lightly overhauled in 1984–1986. Some R10s were replaced by the R46s in the late 1970s; the remaining cars, despite having low reliability rates, outlasted several newer car classes. The remaining R10s were replaced by the R68s and R68As and last ran on October 29, 1989. Two cars have been preserved, while the rest were scrapped.
Description
The R10s were originally numbered 1803–1852 and 3000–3349. Cars 1803–1852 were renumbered 2950–2999 in 1970.
As the first series of post-war subway cars, the R10s introduced many innovations. For the first time, the car body was of an all-welded low-alloy high tensile (LAHT) steel construction. This gave the body great strength, as the body and underframe were welded together to form a single, durable, and rigid car body, which had strong structural integrity. The R10s also featured a new type of braking system known as the "SMEE" schedule braking, which introduced dynamic braking. Dynamic braking reduced wear and tear on brake shoes, reducing maintenance costs. Improved propulsion, in the form of four traction motors design, instead of the traditional two motors (the setup used in the Arnines), improved acceleration from 1.75 mph per second to the current 2.5 mph/s. They also featured roofline side destination signs, an arrangement that drew criticism. The R10s were also the first subway cars to incorporate roller bearings, instead of the standard friction bearings found on all older railway stock, as well as being the last subway cars ordered with air-operated door engines. Additionally, the R10s were the first subway cars to be equipped with air horns, as opposed to the air whistles that were found on all pre-war subway cars. Finally, the cars introduced the General Steel Industries cast steel truck frame design also used on many passenger cars and coaches up until the R68As in 1988. Sealed beam headlights were installed on all cars of this class starting in 1956.
These cars were nicknamed "Thunderbirds" by their operating personnel and railfans because of the cars' high speeds.
Although the R10s could operate in mixed consists of later SMEE cars, the R10s, for the most part, ran in solid consists throughout their careers. They were briefly mixed with fifty R16s assigned to the A in the late 1950s, and with the R42s assigned to the A during 1969–1970.
The R10s bore several paint schemes during their service lives. The cars were delivered in two-tone grey with orange stripes. In 1964, 9 of these cars were painted red with black roofs and black skirts (1822, 1825, 1850, 3099, 3101, 3137, 3234, 3334, 3342). During the following year, two versions of the original paint scheme were tested, with 3037 in a lighter gray and 3218 in a darker gray. On car 3133, the orange painted-on stripe was replaced by an attached orange plastic strip along the sides of the car. Beginning in 1966, they were repainted into an aqua blue/white scheme, directly replicating that of the WF R33s and R36s. The first car to be so painted, 3331, additionally sported a TA seal on the end. The following year, the fleet was redone in this scheme on this occasion without the extra aqua blue stripe. These cars variously had aqua blue roofs or white roofs; 19 of these cars received gray roofs and gray skirts. Beginning in 1970, they were repainted into the MTA's silver with blue stripe scheme. Toward the end of their lives, 110 Westinghouse units that went under the GOH program were painted with a green body, a silver roof, and a black front hood.
The original interior paint scheme was blue and gray, conducted with various experiments of this nature. While 1848 was all blue inside, 3219 was painted with bright orange and blue around 1964. When the cars were painted with silver and blue outside, the interiors received a light gray and pale green paint scheme (on car 1806, which was 2953 by this time, a dark gray was used). At a later date, the original blue and gray scheme resumed being used once again. The rattan seats also received treatment on certain cars, with 3050 in green coloring, whereas 3210 in a bright blue color.
Other features to be noted were a pair of stainless steel doors that were tested on car 3119, ventilation louvres that were inserted into the side doors on car 3138, and three cross seats that were extended to permit seating by three people on car 3189. These were done during the 1970s.
The R10 was the last B-Division car to have seats that had thick strand woven cloths covering the entire seat.
History
Pre-introduction
In 1947, following an accident in 1946, R7A car 1575 was rebuilt from its original appearance by ACF and became the prototype for the R10. The car was designed to test new interior and cosmetic features. After it was rebuilt, 1575 re-entered service on June 30, 1947; however, while it cosmetically resembled an R10, mechanically and electrically, it was still an R7A and could only operate with other pre-war IND Arnines.
Delivery and revenue service
The R10s first ran in service on the route on November 20, 1948. They were initially the mainstay, and were exclusively assigned to this train, where they remained for almost 30 years, and became synonymous with that route for more than 20 years. During these early years, they made occasional appearances on the service (especially on weekends) and the rush hour service.
Thirty cars #s 3320–3349 were transferred to the BMT Eastern Division in 1954, primarily used on Broadway–Jamaica service to help familiarize crews with SMEE equipment in anticipation of the arrival of the R16 cars, whereupon they were returned to normal IND service.
Then, some R10s were finally displaced from the beginning in 1969, when brand new R42 cars, R44 cars, and displaced R40 cars were transferred from Jamaica Yard beginning on September 13, 1977 (which was, in turn, receiving brand new R46s were directly assigned to the (so that the train could be equipped with some air-conditioned cars). Many of these displaced R10s were then often used on the and later, the rush hours-only (now the and ). During 1978–1979, 2950–2999 were also transferred to Jamaica Yard for use on the (now the Brooklyn/Queens Crosstown Local). Ultimately, the fleet was essentially assigned to the end service; however, during the R46 truck crisis, they needed to be placed back into regular service as its R44s were moved to Jamaica Yard for service on the , , , and . Many R10s were used for a few weeks on the , then for a slightly longer period on the and , until the truck crisis was resolved and the R10s were once again, for the most part back, on the and with only occasional usage on the until April 1983.
In 1975, car 3192 had a new R42 type front installed; it was a prototype car for a complete rebuilding of the fleet, which would add modern interiors and air-conditioning. The unit was scrapped in 1980 inside Coney Island Yard and the rebuilding program never took place with the other cars because of the higher cost of rebuilding the cars as opposed to purchasing new cars.
There was a light overhaul program for 110 of the WH-powered cars between December 1984 and February 1986 in an effort to get the entire fleet in a non-graffiti state. The rehabilitation of the select R10s was done in-house at a budgeted cost of $65,000 per car.
Retirement
Approximately 53 R10s were replaced by the R46s in 1977–8. While the remaining cars may have been considered the second worst operating revenue service car during the 1980s based on MDBF (Mean Distance Between Failures), doing better than only the R46s, many R10s outlasted the newer R11s and R16s.
The remaining R10s were replaced by the R68s and R68As. The last train of GE-powered R10s and non-overhauled WH-powered R10s ran on November 10, 1988, ten days short of the 40th anniversary of their debut. This was an official date; some were still operating in service as late as February 1989. The rebuilt WH-powered R10s were withdrawn from March 1989 to September 8, 1989, when the last revenue service train ran on the . On October 29, 1989, a train of R10s (3018-3203-3182-2974-3143-3045-3145-3216) led one final farewell excursion run on various IND-BMT Division routes, including the then-new IND 63rd Street Line.
After retirement, most cars were sent to what is now Sims Metal Management's Newark facility to be scrapped and processed. Most R10s were scrapped by June 1990; the last R10 to be taken off property was 3081, the last GE-powered car in existence. It was scrapped sometime in 1993.
Two cars have been preserved:
Car 3184 has been preserved by the Railway Preservation Corp. and was previously displayed at the New York Transit Museum. It was repainted into its original two-tone gray and orange striped paint scheme, similar to R7A 1575. The car was restored to operating status in 2017 and has been operating on New York City Transit Museum-sponsored excursions since July 2017, specifically on the Train of Many Metals (TOMM).
Car 3189 has been preserved by the New York Transit Museum. The car had an experimental 3-passenger transverse fiberglass interior seating installed in 1969, which has since been removed. It was retired from revenue service in 1984, but was later repainted solid blue and used as a training car for road car inspectors at the TA's Pitkin Yard in Brooklyn. The car was restored to operating status in 2022 - during which the car was repainted into the aqua blue/white scheme - and has been operating on New York City Transit Museum-sponsored excursions since September 2022.
References
Further reading
External links
R10 cars at nycsubway.org
They Moved Millions
Picture of R10 train on LL line during 1979-1984 period
Train-related introductions in 1948
R010
American Car and Foundry Company
1948 in rail transport
Andy Linden may refer to:
Andy Linden (racing driver) (1922–1987), American race car driver
Andy Linden (actor), British actor
Astragalus agnicidus is a rare species of milkvetch known by the common name Humboldt County milkvetch. It is endemic to northern California, where it is known only from two populations in Humboldt County and one in Mendocino County.
The plant was undescribed until the 1950s. Until then it was known only from one ranch in Humboldt County, where sheep ranchers blamed the unnamed species for the deaths of their animals, which may have eaten it. They eradicated the plant from their land, and by the time it was formally described and named in 1957 it was thought to be extinct. The species name given the plant, agnicidus, means "lamb-killer".
The plant was rediscovered in 1987. A few individuals were found growing in a recently bulldozed clearing, their long-buried seeds having been plowed into favorable conditions for germination. The plants were brought under the protection of the landowners, the same family that was responsible for its near-extinction and had changed their minds about its value. Two other populations of the plant have since been discovered in areas of the coastal mountains that had been recently logged; this is an early successional species which arises in disturbed areas. Too much disturbance of an area can be harmful, however, since it may cause the whole patch of buried seeds to sprout at once, making the population vulnerable to destruction as it lacks backup seed stores.
This milkvetch is a perennial herb which lives 5 to 10 years. The coarse reddish stem is slightly hairy toward the ends, growing 30 to 90 centimeters long. The widely spaced leaves are arranged oppositely along the stem. Each is up to 16 centimeters long and is made up of several pairs of oval-shaped leaflets up to about 2 centimeters long. The inflorescence is a dense cluster of 10 to 40 white pealike flowers. The plant is self-pollinating and the flowers are also pollinated by native bumblebees. The fruit is a bent legume capsule 1 to 1.5 centimeters long which dries to a papery texture.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
The Nature Conservancy
Photo gallery
agnicidus
Endemic flora of California
Plants described in 1957
Iranildo Hermínio Ferreira (born 16 October 1976) is a Brazilian former footballer who played as a midfielder for several Brazilian Série A club.
Career
Born in Igarassu, they started their professional career in 1994, with Madureira. With Botafogo, they won the Série A in 1995. Iranildo was part of the Flamengo squads that won the Campeonato Carioca in 1996, 1999 and 2000, and the Copa Mercosur in 1999, among other titles. They helped Brasiliense win the Campeonato Brasiliense in 2004, 2005 and in 2006, and the Série B in 2004.
Honours
Club
Botafogo
Série A: 1995
Brasiliense
Série B: 2004
Campeonato Brasiliense: 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008 and 2009
Flamengo
Campeonato Carioca: 1996, 1999, 2000
Copa dos Campeões Mundiais: 1997
Copa Mercosur: 1999
Taça Guanabara: 1999
Taça Rio: 1996, 2000
References
1976 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Expatriate footballers in Saudi Arabia
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Saudi Professional League players
Madureira Esporte Clube players
Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas players
Clube de Regatas do Flamengo footballers
Esporte Clube Bahia players
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Aris Thessaloniki F.C. players
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
Brasiliense Futebol Clube players
Esporte Clube Rio Verde players
Al-Hazem F.C. players
Ceilândia Esporte Clube players
Palmas Futebol e Regatas players
1996 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
River Quest is a river rapids ride in German theme park Phantasialand. The ride was built in 2002 by Hafema and notably has two lifts near the start of the ride to take the boats to their highest point. The ride previously held the record for the largest drop on a rafting ride. This record was taken in 2018 by Infinity Falls at SeaWorld Orlando.
Theming
River Quest was built next to Mystery Castle to extend the area of Mystery. The two rides were the only ones in Mystery until Klugheim opened with Taron and Raik in 2016. This led to River Quest being slightly rethemed in 2017 to fit in with the Klugheim theme.
Attraction
Construction of River Quest was made possible by a fire that devastated part of the park on 1 May 2001, which destroyed two rides (Grand Canyon Bahn and Gebirgsbahn) and left space requiring redevelopment. Even so, the space available was relatively small for a river rapids ride so, to save space, two elevators are used to take boats to their highest point rather than the more traditional lift hill.
References
In the anatomy of the human digestive tract, there are two colic flexures, or curvatures in the transverse colon. The right colic flexure is also known as the hepatic flexure, and the left colic flexure is also known as the splenic flexure. Note that "right" refers to the patient's anatomical right, which may be depicted on the left of a diagram.
Structure
Right colic flexure
The right colic flexure or hepatic flexure (as it is next to the liver) is the sharp bend between the ascending colon and the transverse colon.
The hepatic flexure lies in the right upper quadrant of the human abdomen. It receives blood supply from the superior mesenteric artery.
Left colic flexure
The left colic flexure or splenic flexure (as it is close to the spleen) is the sharp bend between the transverse colon and the descending colon. The splenic flexure receives dual blood supply from the terminal branches of the superior mesenteric artery and the inferior mesenteric artery.
Clinical significance
The splenic flexure is the last and highest positioned flexure in the colon. Gas can build up at this flexure and give abdominal pain giving rise to a condition known as splenic flexure syndrome. Splenic flexure syndrome is often found in those with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and is considered by some practitioners to be a type of IBS since it can also result from stress.
The splenic flexure is a watershed region as it receives dual blood supply from the terminal branches of the superior mesenteric artery and the inferior mesenteric artery, thus making it prone to ischemic damage in cases of low blood pressure because it does not have its own primary source of blood. In the context of bowel ischemia in particular ischemic colitis, the splenic flexure is sometimes referred to as Griffith's point, along with the upper rectum (Sudeck's point).
Additional images
References
External links
Lotti M. Anatomy in relation to left colectomy
Large intestine
Lepidodactylus lombocensis is a species of gecko. It is found on Lombok in the Lesser Sunda Islands.
References
Lepidodactylus
Reptiles described in 1929
Khosrow () in Iran may refer to:
Khosrow, Andika, Khuzestan Province
Khosrow Beyg, Markazi Province
Khosrow Beyk Rural District, in Markazi Province
Khosrow, Tehran
Khosrow Castle, in Ardabil County, Ardabil Province
Massimo Fondelli (born 9 February 1954) is an Italian former water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of world champions in men's water polo
List of World Aquatics Championships medalists in water polo
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Italian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Italy
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from the Province of Genoa
20th-century Italian people
21st-century Italian people
This is a list of songs written by Bob Crewe.
Chart hits and other notable songs written by Bob Crewe
References
Crewe, Bob
David Ronald Payne (born 25 April 1947) is an English retired professional footballer, who played as a defender. They made 377 appearances in the Football League for Crystal Palace and Leyton Orient between 1964 and 1978. On retirement they joined the coaching staff at Millwall.
Playing career
Crystal Palace
Payne began their playing career as an apprentice at Crystal Palace on 1 January 1964, signed professional terms on 26 October, and made their professional debut in December of that year aged 17. Although primarily a defender, their versatility saw them fulfil a number of roles in the Palace team. Payne made 30 appearances in the 1968–9 season, which saw Palace reach the top tier for the first time, and was a regular in the club's subsequent four seasons in the top flight making 27, 31, 41 and 39 appearances respectively. During this period, Payne was given eight different numbered shirts, at a time when shirt numbers equated to playing position.
Leyton Orient
In August 1973, they signed for Leyton Orient, at that time managed by former Palace coach and playing colleague, George Petchey. In 1974, they suffered a broken leg, but recovered to make a total of 93 appearances for the Orient. They retired as a player, in 1978.
Coaching career
On retirement they became youth team coach at Millwall helping them to win the F.A. Youth Cup in 1979, beating Manchester City 2–0 in the final.
International career
Payne made one appearance, as a substitute, for the then contemporary England under 23 team (equivalent to the later England under 21 side) on 1 November 1967 against Wales.
References
External links
Payne at holmesdale.net
1947 births
Living people
People from Thornton Heath
Footballers from the London Borough of Croydon
Crystal Palace F.C. players
Leyton Orient F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football defenders
English footballers
England under-23 international footballers
Millwall F.C. non-playing staff
Mutena Airport is an airport serving the town of Mutena in Kasaï Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo.
See also
Transport in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
List of airports in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
References
External links
Mutena Airport
HERE Maps - Mutena
OpenStreetMaps - Mutena
OurAirports - Mutena
Airports in Kasaï Province
Edward Lasker (May 15, 1912 – July 11, 1997) was an American business person and Thoroughbred racehorse owner.
Biography
They were one of the three children of Flora Warner and their husband, Albert Davis Lasker (1880-1952), the owner of Lord & Thomas, a highly successful Chicago advertising agency, who was also the owner of the Chicago Cubs Major League Baseball team. Their sisters are Mary Lasker Block (1904-1981) and Frances Lasker Brody (1916–2009).
Edward Lasker graduated from Yale University in 1933. They then joined their father's advertising agency where they worked until 1942 when they joined the U.S. Navy and served in the Pacific. In 1935, they married Gimbels department-store heiress Caral Gimbel (daughter of Bernard Gimbel), but the marriage ended in divorce and Caral wed baseball star Hank Greenberg in 1946.
After the war (by which time their father had left the advertising business), Edward Lasker moved to the West Coast of the United States where they became a film producer in Hollywood. In 1947, Lasker married actor Jane Greer with whom they had three children: Alex and Lawrence Lasker (both screenwriters and producers) and Steven Lasker. In 1963, Lasker married Cynthia Stone Palmer.
In 1929, Lasker became involved in Thoroughbred horse racing as an owner/breeder. After their marriage, their wife also became a race horse owner. At age forty, they went back to university to study for a law degree. After graduating in 1955 from the University of California in Los Angeles they began practicing law and served for many years on the boards of directors of Phillip Morris, Inc. and Great Western Financial.
Edward Lasker died in Los Angeles on July 11, 1997, aged 85.
References
Sources
Ingham, John N. Biographical Dictionary of American Business Leaders (1983) Greenwood Press
1912 births
1997 deaths
Yale University alumni
UCLA School of Law alumni
American people of German-Jewish descent
American racehorse owners and breeders
Businesspeople from Chicago
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American businesspeople
Gimbel family
The McKinley Washington Jr. Bridge, or the Dawhoo River Bridge, connects Edisto Island on the coast of South Carolina to the mainland. It carries South Carolina Highway 174. The bridge is named for McKinley Washington Jr., who served in the South Carolina General Assembly, representing the area and leading the effort to appropriate funds to replace the bridge.
History of the crossing
This is the third bridge in the same location, replacing a swing bridge that caused traffic delays when it opened for boats.
The first bridge opened in 1920 and was a single-lane swing span that was opened manually by the bridge tender. Funds to build the bridge came from $6,000 in bonds sold by the Township Commissioners for Edisto Island. The sale of bonds being authorized by the General Assembly.
The second bridge opened in 1950. It was a two-lane electrically powered swing span. When closed, it only provided for of clearance below the bridge for boat traffic.
The current bridge was dedicated on September 25, 1993.
See also
List of bridges documented by the Historic American Engineering Record in South Carolina
References
External links
Bridges completed in 1993
Road bridges in South Carolina
Transportation in Charleston County, South Carolina
Buildings and structures in Charleston County, South Carolina
Historic American Engineering Record in South Carolina
1993 establishments in South Carolina
Steel bridges in the United States
Girder bridges in the United States
Damien Saez (; born August 1, 1977) or just Saez, is a French singer-songwriter and musician.
Biography
Early life
Damien Saez was born in Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, Savoie, on 1 August 1977, where they lived until the age of three or four years before their family moved to Marseille. Saez spent most of their childhood in Marseille until they moved to Dijon when they were about eight years old, where they were raised by their Algerian mother, after they divorced their Andalusian husband.
Later, they met a director of documentaries who worked for the French channel 'France 3' and gave birth to Damien's two younger brothers.
At the age of eight, Saez started taking piano lessons with Boris Nedeltchev at the Conservatoire National de Région de Dijon and graduated nine years later. They then took an interest in playing the guitar. Their career as a singer began in 1995 when they let their interest in writing come out. They stopped playing in bands that sang covers of more famous bands like Pink Floyd. They wanted to work on their own songs that they had written and try to attract a new audience.
Jours Etranges, God Blesse, Debbie (1999–2005)
In 1999, a record company became interested in their compositions, and they signed a record contract with Island and began to record their first album Jours étranges ("Strange Days", a tribute to the album of the same name by The Doors) which went double platinum. Their first single Jeune et con was broadcast on many radio stations and reached the general public, which earned them a nomination for award The Newcomer of the Year at the Victoires de la Musique in 2001.
In December 2001 their first poetry collection was published entitled À ton nom.
In March 2002, they released their second album God Blesse/Katagena. In the meantime they released a piece of instrumental work called Katagena. It was available online via non-official web-sites and downloadable free of charge.
Brian De Palma contacted them and asked them to contribute to the original soundtrack of the movie Femme Fatale that was released in April 2003. The song that was chosen Sexe caused a lot of commotion due to its vulgar lyrics. Many radio stations refused to broadcast it, and the music video was banned from the television.
On 22 April 2002, the day after the first round of presidential elections, they wrote a song called Fils de France online, which was meant to be against French right-wing politician Jean-Marie Le Pen who qualified for the second ballot. The song was written and recorded in about 10 hours, then made available for free on the Universal Music's website.
Their third album, Debbie, was released in 2004 with a more rock style than the previous albums.
Post-Universal period
In 2005 Saez quit Universal Music and went on the Damien Saez: Piano and Voice Tour. Their musical style underwent a profound transformation from alternative rock to acoustic ballads, as their singing was accompanied only by three guitars and a piano.
At the end of 2006 and the beginning of 2007, Saez released four new songs in English (Killing the Lambs, Numb, Jessie and Yellow Tricycle) for free on their MySpace page. They performed all of them, except for Jessie, at five acoustic concerts in Paris and Lyon, in June and July 2007, respectively.
Varsovie, Alhambra, Paris (2008)
On 8 December 2007, Saez released Jeunesse, leve-toi, a song that was written in March during the presidential elections. The song became the first track and also the first single from their next album, Varsovie, Alhambra, Paris. Edited by the independent quality-label Cinq7, it was released on 21 April 2008 as a triple album (Paris was also sold separately), consisting of 29 acoustic songs. The album mainly deals with Saez's breakup with their Polish girlfriend, Katarzyna. The first two discs, Warsaw and Alhambra, bear a similar sound and were meant to pay homage to Jacques Brel, Léo Ferré, Barbara, Georges Brassens and other classic French songwriters. The third disc, Paris, has a richer and more diverse sound and, despite little advertising, was certified gold.
In June and July 2008, accompanied for the first time by a string trio (violin, viola and violoncello), Saez launched, as part of various festivals, a new acoustic tour which was very short-lived: emotionally exhausted by the intimate nature of their songs, Saez decided to cancel their big summer tour and dedicated themselves to writing new material.
Yellow Tricycle - A Lover's Prayer (2009)
On 23 January 2009 Saez launched a new website, dedicated entirely to their new project, consisting of songs written entirely in English. The songs available for free download were "Killing the Lambs", "Numb" and "Yellow Tricycle", which had been released on their MySpace page two years earlier, with the addition of a new song called "White Noise". Their dark rock sound was very different from their previous acoustic album, and marked Saez's return to rock music.
In February 2009 Saez was nominated in the category "Pop-rock Album of the Year" at Victoires de la Musique, where they performed an unpublished song called "Embrassons-nous", which they performed without any rehearsals.
Their fifth album, A Lovers Prayer, was released on 16 March 2009 under the pseudonym Yellow Tricycle. The 12 tracks on the album were written entirely in English and Saez's name did not appear anywhere on the cover. It received little advertising and was not backed up by a live tour.
J'accuse (2010)
At the end of 2009 Saez released a new track, Police, followed in February 2010 by "J'accuse" as a preview of their next rock album, bearing the same name. When the album J'accuse was released, it ranked 3rd in the charts, with 21,229 copies sold in the first week. J'accuse also sparked a controversy and a media debate when the posters with the cover of the album (depicting a nude woman in a shopping cart) were banned from the Paris subway.
Messina (2012)
In September 2012, Saez released the album Messina, a triple album with the separate titles Les Échoués (CD1), Sur les quais (CD2) and Messine (CD3).
Miami (2013)
In March 2013, Saez released Miami. This rock album includes 10 tracks, including the lead title "Miami". The song deals with addiction and mixes religion, drugs and fascism on a dance music.
Le Manifeste and Le Nouvel Art (2016)
An 8-minute video posted on the website www.culturecontreculture.fr, replacing the official website "saez.mu", is published on the evening of 16 June 2016 revealing a vast artistic project entitled "Le Manifeste". In this video Saez announces a long one-year journey, from 31 July 2016 to 31 July 2017, during which songs, photos and texts recounting the journey will be published from city to city over the days, in the image of a notebook combining music, poetry and all forms of art. They describe this art as "Nouvel Art". They present Mélancolie in this short film: a sad clown, a mime dressed in black "populating the earth with flowers".
"Le Manifeste" begins on 31 July 2016. This trip will take place to the day from the first to the last day of their 40th year.
The first album of the Manifesto is entitled L'oiseau liberté, released in December 2016. This is a short album of 7 songs and a second album of 3 tracks. Two of them will be present on the next album. The second album, Lulu, released on 10 March 2017, is a triple 29-track album. Two excerpts from the album are published free of charge on 22 February for those who participated in the manifesto project. These are Bonnie and Rue d'la soif as well as Château de brume, a new piece. On 24 February, Saez announced via requiem the release of a third album entitled Le Dernier Disque for the fall of 2017, the eleventh album in the artist's discography.
On the eve of 1 May, Damien Saez releases a new song for free download on their website culturecontreculture.fr entitled Premier Mai, in which they denounce both the presence of the far right in the second round of the 2017 presidential election and that of the "banker" Emmanuel Macron.
During the discovery of the Manifesto, videos are shown throughout the tour. First concert paintings, second concert second paintings, etc. The videos are unveiled at the same time in several places.
Discography
Albums
as Saez
as Yellow Tricycle (pseudonym used by Damien Saez)
Singles
Charting
Others (non charting)
2002: "Fils de France"
2002: "Sexe" (soundtrack from Femme fatale)
2004: "Debbie"
2005: "Marie ou Marylin"
2006: "Killing the Lambs" (MySpace release)
2007: "Jessie" (MySpace release)
2007: "Yellow Tricycle" (MySpace release)
2007: "Numb" (MySpace release)
2007: "Jeunesse lève-toi" (free download)
2010: "Police" (free download)
2012: "Betty" (free download)
2012: "Les fils d'Artaud" (free download)
2012: "Messine" (free download)
Bibliography
2001: À ton nom,
References
External links
Katagena.info
God-Blesse.ag.vu
Rate Your Music, Saez Record Listing / Ratings
Politics of France
French people of Spanish descent
French people of Algerian descent
People from Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne
1977 births
Living people
21st-century French singers
21st-century French male singers
John Percy Osborne (1 December 1878 – 19 February 1961) was an Australian politician.
They were born in Deniliquin to mining engineer Alfred John Osborne and schoolteacher Jane McCoy. They left school at fourteen to work at a mine smelters at Captains Flat, before moving to Sydney in 1902 to work as a shop assistant. They were a founding member of the Shop Assistants' Union, serving as secretary from 1902 to 1907 and later than president. In 1906, they married Julia Rosenfeld, with whom they had three children. In 1910 they were elected to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly as the member for Paddington, serving until the government of William Holman appointed them to the Meat Board in 1919. The board was responsible for the control and maintenance of abattoirs, cattle sale yards, meat markets, and slaughterhouses in the greater Sydney region. H. V. Evatt described the appointment as intended to deprive Labor of one of its better political organisers ahead of the 1920 election.
Osborne died at Roseville on .
References
1878 births
1961 deaths
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of New South Wales
Thomas Playford may refer to:
Thomas Playford I (1795–1873) aka Reverend Thomas Playford, non-conformist pioneer preacher in South Australia
Thomas Playford II (1837–1915), Premier of South Australia, 1887–1889 and 1890–1892
Thomas Playford IV (1896–1981), Premier of South Australia, 1938–1965
See also
Playford family
The Yongheshan Reservoir () is a reservoir in Sanwan Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.
History
The dam was constructed starting in July 1980 and completed in October 1984.
Architecture
The water level of the reservoir stands at a height of 89.5 meters. The reservoir features automatic overflow side spillway. The reservoir has an effective capacity of 28,096,000 m3.
Function
The reservoir supplies water to public sectors for about 187,000 m3 per day.
See also
Geography of Taiwan
References
1984 establishments in Taiwan
Dams completed in 1984
Landforms of Miaoli County
Reservoirs in Taiwan
John A. Peavey (born June 6, 1963) is a former American football player and coach. They served as the head football coach at William Paterson University from 1997 to 1999 and at Southwest Baptist University from 2005 to 2006, compiling a career college football record of 9–43. Peavey played professionally in the National Football League (NFL) with the New England Patriots and the Denver Broncos.
Coaching career
Peavey had great success as high school football coach with a record of 44–4–2. In four seasons as the head coach at Bishop Feehan High School in Attleboro, Peavey led the Shamrocks to four state championship title games and won three of them in a row. The Shamrocks were also league champions all four years. Peavey also helped lead Foxboro High School to back state championships.
Collegiately, Peavey is a former head football coach for the William Paterson University Pioneers football team in Wayne Township, New Jersey. They served for three years, 1997 to 1999, and compiled a 5–25 overall record (1–14 conference). A highlight during this otherwise unsuccessful campaign was leading the Pioneers to their first road win in 25 games and their first home victory in three years. In 1998, their offense led the conference in rushing. Peavey's only other collegiate head coaching job was at Southwest Baptist University, where they spent the 2005 and 2006 seasons. In two years, they compiled a 4–18 record, and then resigned in July 2007.
Head coaching record
College
Athletic Administration
Jack Peavey was Named Athletic Director for New Sports and Director of Football at Oklahoma Baptist University in 2012. Peavey was charged with the responsible to starting men and woman's swimming and diving. They were charged with bringing Women's lacrosse to campus and they were directly responsible for reading the campus as it was committed to bringing football back to the University's campus in Shawnee Oklahoma. In Peavey's first hire they persuaded Legendary swim coach Dr. Sam Freas to come to Shawnee and lead Bison Swimming. Sam was most recently the Director of the International Swimming Hall of Fame for 19 years. Dr. Freas quickly showed the NAIA they were here to put OBU Swimming on the map. Sam Freas led Bison Swimming teams to win 7 of 8 National Championship titles in their first 4 seasons at the helm. Dr. Freas started the OBU program competing in the NAIA and then Dr. Freas helped the transition to the NCAA Division II.
As the Director of Football Peavey's responsibility was to find a coach and get the campus ready to start football. Oklahoma Baptist had not had football on campus since 1940. Peavey oversight was directed at building a complete infrastructure. They prepared the campus practice facility, laundry facility, locker room, weight room, offices, New Stadium, score board, recruiting and hiring of the football staff. Oklahoma Baptist hired Chris Jensen to lead the programs and in just the programs second season Oklahoma Baptist University football went 8-3.
Peavey also became the Director of the Bison Recreation and Wellness Center. The 59,500 square ft. building includes a full-service fitness center, student leisure recreation lobby and seating area, 3 full size hardwood basketball courts, 2 group fitness exercise studios/multipurpose rooms, an elevated track (1/10th mile lap), 29 ft. indoor climbing wall, 3 racquetball courts, shower and locker rooms, and event room. The RAWC serves over 2,800 members within the OBU community and hosts multiple sport tournaments and climbing competitions. The swimming facility was also home to Bison Swimming. The Recreation and Wellness Center is home to OBU's Intramural and Club Sports programs and facilitates the use of the OBU intramural fields and outdoor sand volleyball courts.
External links
1963 births
Living people
American football offensive linemen
Alabama State Hornets football coaches
Arkansas Razorbacks football coaches
Brown Bears football coaches
Denver Broncos players
Jacksonville State Gamecocks football coaches
Millersville Marauders football coaches
Millsaps Majors football coaches
Mississippi College Choctaws football coaches
New England Patriots players
Rhode Island Rams football coaches
Southwest Baptist Bearcats football coaches
Texas A&M–Commerce Lions football coaches
Troy Trojans football players
William Paterson Pioneers football coaches
High school football coaches in Massachusetts
People from Attleboro, Massachusetts
Coaches of American football from Massachusetts
Players of American football from Massachusetts
X-Infernus is a four-issue comic book mini-series that started in December 2008. Written by C. B. Cebulski, with art by Giuseppe Camuncoli, it was a sequel to "Inferno". It sees the return of the character Magik searching Limbo for their soul.
Plot summary
Chapter One: Soul Survivors
Colossus is wondering why the X-Men are doing nothing to save Illyana from Limbo. Scott says they have tried and will keep trying, but Limbo is still sealed off. Amanda Sefton has been unable to break the seal, Doctor Strange is nowhere to be found, and Warren has scientists looking into it, but this is magic and there is nothing more they can do. Colossus says they cannot accept it.
While in Limbo, Magik attacks various other demons looking for their Soulsword and the original Bloodstone amulet. This does not go unnoticed by Mephisto, Blackheart, Satannish, Dormammu, and Hela. Belasco's daughter, Witchfire appears during the meeting and reveals that they are the current owner of the original amulet. They vow to take their father's place as ruler of Limbo and to kill Magik.
Back at the X-Men's base in San Francisco, Mercury and Rockslide are watching Kurt and Pixie train. Kurt brings up their Soul Dagger in conversation, which Megan is not pleased to hear about. Kurt points out that people have noticed that when they use it, their personality changes. Pixie begins to cry and summons them Soul Dagger; their personality changes and they stab Kurt in the chest, knocking them out. Mercury and Rockslide, who are watching the session, rush in and pull them away from Kurt. Beast enters and is shocked at what they find. Pixie's Soul Dagger is stuck in Kurt's chest and when they remove it, they accidentally discover where Magik's Soulsword is hidden, inside Nightcrawler. Sensing the Soulsword, Magik teleports into the X-Men's base to reclaim it.
Chapter Two: This Mortal Coil
Magik stands before Pixie, Mercury, Rockslide and Beast, demanding Pixie hand over them Soulsword. They take out Mercury, Rockslide and Beast, and engages Pixie in combat. Pixie refuses to hand over the sword, but Magik overpowers them and regains their sword. As soon as they get hold of it, their appearance changes and they become more human than demon. At that moment, Colossus, Armor, Karma, Wolverine, Cyclops, and Emma Frost enter. Magik strikes Colossus when they call their 'Snowflake' but senses something is wrong when they don't feel anything. They teleport back to Limbo, telling their brother that they can't save her; they have to save herself. The X-Men gather the wounded, and Pixie attempts to go after Magik but Kurt stops them Pixie breaks out in tears and apologizes for stabbing him.
In Limbo, Witchfire learns that Magik has left Limbo and assumes control. They stab S'ym in the chest, seriously wounding him. Magik teleports in to find them chained to the throne. They ask what happened and they inform them that Belasco's daughter, Witchfire, has taken control in their absence. Illyana is shocked to hear Belasco had a daughter, and Witchfire steps out of the shadows and attacks Magik.
Peter says they are going after Illyana. The other X-Men have a way to get to Limbo (through Pixie). Scott agrees with them and puts together a team consisting of Colossus, Pixie, Wolverine, Mercury and Rockslide, with Kurt in charge due to Pixie and Pete's personal stake in the mission. Pixie then teleports them into Limbo only to find they are surrounded by many hostile demons.
Chapter Three: What You Wish For
Magik confronts Witchfire at their castle. Witchfire claims everything Belasco ever owned, including Magik's soul, and after a quick battle, Magik is taken down by Witchfire, who claims the second Bloodstone amulet. Witchfire stabs Magik in the chest, injuring them and knocking them out. Witchfire takes Pixie's Bloodstone and adds it to the original amulet, giving them four Bloodstones and a more demonic appearance.
Elsewhere in Limbo, Kurt, Mercury, Colossus, Rockslide, Pixie, and Wolverine are fighting their way through many demons. Pixie, Mercury, and Rockslide are horrified at how brutal the older X-Men are towards the demons. An octopus-type creature attacks Kurt until Pixie jumps in and kills it with their soul dagger. Colossus shatters Rockslide, who reforms from Limbo rock, and Wolverine is stabbed in the chest with a sword that sends them into a berserker rage and they kill all the demons that stand in their way. After Colossus removes the sword from Wolverine, they stumble upon Belasco's castle. After trying to decide how to get there, Pixie senses the darkness within them suddenly growing and they teleport off to the castle by herself.
After arriving at the castle, Pixie happens upon a mirror that shows themselves transformed into a demon. Pixie freaks out and runs into the throne room where they find Magik chained up and Witchfire. Witchfire grabs Pixie by the throat and forces them to become their new apprentice and begins forging a new Bloodstone from Pixie's soul.
Hearing the screams from the castle, Kurt teleports the X-Men into the throne room. Once there, Witchfire turns Colossus and Wolverine against Mercury and Rockslide. Kurt notices Illyana chained to a pillar. They ask them to stab them with the Pixie's soul dagger, as it is the only way to free her, and they are the only one to do it because they are attuned to magic. They apologize and they stab them At that moment, Colossus punches Kurt and Witchfire finished making their fifth and final Bloodstone from a partially demonic Pixie.
Chapter Four: Soul's End
Kurt, discovering that Colossus' punch is far from lethal, slips past them and Wolverine to remove the Soul Dagger from Illyana, retrieving their Soulsword and using them both to free their teammates from their enchantment. They then sees Witchfire finish making the fifth Bloodstone out of Pixie's soul and slices off Witchfire's hand. But they brush them away with a magic blast and re-grows a demonic 3-fingered hand while Kurt consoles Pixie and tells them to use the dagger to free Illyana because of their mutual connection. Witchfire uses the Bloodstones to summon the Elder Gods to their aid, but Illyana and their friends interrupt them summoning. While the X-Men battle the Elder Gods, Illyana fights Witchfire, who blasts them But Illyana is sheathed inside Mercury's magic-resistant skin, and they slash Witchfire and strip them of the amulet containing the Bloodstones. Illyana and Pixie use their blades to smash the amulet, but Witchfire escapes the crumbling castle with four Bloodstones into the Elder Gods' dimension. Pixie is despondent over losing more of their soul and tries to attack Magik with their Soul Dagger, but the glowing stone in its blade indicates that the stolen piece of their soul is inside it. Pixie flies away in tears.
Illyana is upset that they failed to recover their soul and fears for their humanity. Kurt consoles them by telling them of their half-demonic parentage and how they have decided they have a soul regardless of that. Peter also tries to console their sister, but when they see the horns still on their head, they fearfully teleport all of them back to the X-Men's compound and then tries to leave. Peter, their old friends from the New Mutants, and Cyclops finally convince them to stay.
Collected editions
The series has been collected into a single volume:
X-Infernus (152 pages, July 2009, )
References
External links
X-Infernus: Setting the Stage With CB Cebulski, Newsarama, December 3, 2008
Ses plus grands succès (French for "His/her greatest hits") and Ses grands succès (French for "His/her great hits") are popular titles for a greatest-hits album by a French-speaking artist.
Ses plus grands succès:
Ses plus grands succès (Desireless album)
Ses plus grands succès (Joe Dassin album)
, a 1976 greatest-hits album by Claude Dubois
Ses grands succès:
, a 1981 greatest-hits album by William Sheller
France Gall (1973 album), also known as Ses grands succès, a 1973 album by France Gall
Eulalios () was a famous Byzantine painter who lived during the 12th century, a time in which most art was done anonymously. Their name was noted by several writers of the time who also described their paintings, such as Nicephorus Callistus and Nicholas Mesarites. Of their works, the most famed was the dome of the now-demolished Church of the Holy Apostles in Constantinople. The painting is a depiction of Christ Pantocrator.
Nicephorus Callistus' description of the painting:
Either Christ themselves came down from heaven and showed the exact traits of their face to [the painter] or else the famous Eulalios mounted up to the very skies to paint with their skilled hand Christ's exact appearance.
Nicholas Mesarites' description of the painting:
[The dome] exhibits an image of the God-man Christ looking down, as it were, from the rim of heaven towards the floor of the church and everything that is in it. . .His head is in proportion to their body that is represented down to the navel, their eyes are joyful and welcoming to those who are not reproached by their conscience, but to those who are condemned by their own judgement, they are wrathful and hostile. . .The right hand blesses those who walk a straight path, while it admonishes those who do not and, as it were, checks them and turns them back from their disorderly course. The left hand with its fingers spread apart as possible, supports the Gospel.
Bibliography
Fred S. Kleiner and Christin J. Mamiya, Gardner's Art Through the Ages: Twelfth Edition (Wadsworth, 2005)
12th-century Byzantine people
Byzantine painters
12th-century Greek painters
12th-century Greek people
The American International Automobile Dealers Association (sometimes abbreviated as AIADA) is a United States lobbying force dedicated to the economic and political interests of America's international nameplate automobile dealers. Headquartered in Alexandria, Virginia, its primary focus is on promoting free trade.
AIADA was established in 1970 as the Volkswagen Dealers Association in response to a growing protectionist movement in the United States. On January 30, 1970, VADA opened membership to any franchised dealer of imported automobiles and changed its name to the American Imported Automobile Dealers Association (AIADA). "Imported" was later changed to "international." Ken Sowles became the association's second president. Its current president is Cody Lusk.
AIADA has fought back against protectionist policies and legislation, including a proposed Border Adjustment Tax in 2017.
In 2020, AIADA celebrated its 50th anniversary with a renewed focus on the value of free trade to the livelihoods of its dealer members, who account for more than half of the U.S. auto market and employ over 500,000 Americans.
References
External links
Official Website
Used Car Purchase
Auto dealerships of the United States
Trade associations based in the United States
Companies based in Alexandria, Virginia
Frederick William Horn (August 21, 1815 – January 15, 1893) was a German-American immigrant, lawyer, politician, and Wisconsin pioneer. They served in many elected offices; they were the 4th, 7th, & 25th speaker of the Wisconsin State Assembly, and served a total of 14 years in the Assembly. They also served five years in the Wisconsin State Senate—including the first three sessions after statehood—and was the first mayor of Cedarburg, Wisconsin, serving seven years in that role. They generally identified as a Democrat, but was elected several times as an Independent.
Early life and career
Horn was born in Linum, in the Province of Brandenburg, in the Kingdom of Prussia. They were educated in Berlin, at the Gymnasium of the Gray Friar, but did not graduate, and entered the military service of Prussia.
They emigrated to the United States in 1836, first residing in New York state, then making their way west in 1837. They made their residence in Michigan but traveled extensively through Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, and finally Wisconsin. They arrived in Milwaukee, in the Wisconsin Territory, in 1840 and, in 1841, settled in Mequon, in what was then Washington County. They resided here until their final move, to the neighboring community of Cedarburg, in 1847. They practiced law in Cedarburg and served as Mayor. They were editor of the Cedarburg Weekly News.
In 1842 Horn entered their first public office when James Duane Doty, Governor of the Wisconsin Territory, appointed them Justice of the Peace for Washington County.
Political career
They served as postmaster for Mequon, while they were residing there, was Register of Deeds for the county in 1846 and 1847, and served on the Ozaukee County Board of Supervisors
In 1848, they ran for and was elected to the first session of the Wisconsin State Senate, running as an independent Democrat. They were re-elected in November 1848 to a full two-year term in the Senate.
In 1850, they were elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly for the 1851 session, and was chosen as the Speaker of the Assembly for that session. In 1853, Ozaukee County was created out of the eastern part of Washington County. That same year, Horn was elected as one of the first two representatives of Ozaukee County in the Wisconsin Assembly for the 1854 session, they were again chosen as Speaker for that session.
Later in 1854 and 1855, they served as Wisconsin's Commissioner for Immigration in New York City, directing new immigrants and settlers to Wisconsin.
They served again in the 1859 and 1860 sessions of the Wisconsin Assembly. Also during this time, they represented Wisconsin on the Democratic National Committee, and was Vice President of the 1860 Democratic National Conventions in Charleston and Baltimore. They were also a delegate for Wisconsin at the 1868 Democratic National Convention.
They served as Ozaukee County Commissioner of Schools from 1862 to 1865, but returned to the Assembly again in 1867, 1868, and 1872. They were elected in 1874 with both Democratic and Republican support, and was then chosen as Speaker again for the 1875 session of the Assembly. They went on to serve another five years in the Assembly, in 1882, 1887, 1888, 1889, and 1890.
In 1890, they were elected to a four-year term in the Wisconsin State Senate, but they would die in January 1893 before the end of that term.
Horn was also active in local politics during this time, serving as Mayor of Cedarburg for the first seven years after it was incorporated as a city in 1885, and serving as Chairman of the Ozaukee County Board of Supervisors for the last four years of their life, from 1889 to 1893.
Horn is the namesake of the community of Horns Corners, Wisconsin.
Family and personal life
Horn married Adelheid Schaelher in 1845, but they died in 1849. They had no children. Horn married for a second time in 1850. With their second wife, Minna Schaper, Horn had seven children. Horn died January 15, 1893, in Cedarburg.
Electoral history
Wisconsin Assembly (1874)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, November 3, 1874
Wisconsin Assembly (1881, 1886, 1888)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, November 8, 1881
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, November 2, 1886
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, November 6, 1888
Wisconsin Senate (1890)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, November 4, 1890
References
|-
|-
|-
|-
|-
1815 births
1893 deaths
Politicians from Milwaukee
People from Cedarburg, Wisconsin
Prussian emigrants to the United States
Editors of Wisconsin newspapers
Wisconsin Democrats
Wisconsin lawyers
County supervisors in Wisconsin
Mayors of places in Wisconsin
Wisconsin state senators
Members of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American male writers
19th-century American politicians
Speakers of the Wisconsin State Assembly
19th-century American lawyers
Erythroxylum cambodianum is a shrub in the family Erythroxylaceae. It grows in Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia and Thailand. The wood is used for pickets and as firewood.
Description and habitat
The taxa grow as a shrub some 1-3m tall, in clear and pine forests.
Distribution
The species occurs in a number of countries of Southeast Asia: Vietnam, Laos (recorded from its southernmost district, Khong District),
Cambodia (including Phnom Kulen National Park), Thailand.
Vernacular names
It is known as ភ្លៅមាន់ (phlov moan) (lit. Chicken's Thigh) in Khmer.
In the Prey Lang Forest of northern Cambodia, it is referred to as chompussek.
Amongst Kuy- and Khmer-speaking people living in the same villages of Stung Treng and Preah Vihear provinces of north-central Cambodia, it is referred to as ចំពុះសេក (chompussek) and ជង្គង់សេក (changkung sek).
The villagers living on Phnom Kulen in northeastern Cambodia refer to the plants as ផ្តិលមាស (ptəl mias) and ចង្អេងសេក (jong eng sek).
In northeastern Thailand it is known as huun-hai.
Uses
In Cambodia the trunks are used to make pickets, the twigs are used as firewood. The stem is used in traditional medicine, while unidentified parts of the plant are used by the Kuy- and Khmer-speaking people living in the same villages of Stung Treng and Preah Vihear as a source of medicine.
Villagers living within the Prey Lang Forest, Cambodia, use an infusion of the root to help with post-natal blood circulation and stimulation of appetite. A post-natal care medicine called lɔng is a decoction to drink made from 13 plants by villages on Phnom Kulen, one of the ingredients is the wood chips of Erythroxylum cambodianum.
Within Thai traditional medicine, the plant is used for anti-fever purposes and as an anti-inflammatory agent.
The aerial parts of the species were identified as having the following phytochemicals with potential drug use: Two new acetophenone diglycosides, erythroxylosides A and B; two known flavans, one known flavonol glycoside and two known megastigmane glucosides: (+)-catechin, (-)-epicatechin, quercetin 3-O-rutinoside, (3S,5R,6R,7E,9Smegastigman-7-ene-3,5,6,9-tetrol 3-O-β-D-glucopyranoside and citroside A.
History
The French botanist Jean Baptiste Louis Pierre published the taxa in their Flore Forestiere de la Cochinchine in 1893.
Further reading
Additional information can be found in the following.
Dy Phon, P. (2000). Dictionnaire des plantes utilisées au Cambodge: 1-915. chez l'auteur, Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
Govaerts, R. (2001). World Checklist of Seed Plants Database in ACCESS E-F: 1-50919.
Lê, T.C. (2005). Danh lục các loài thục vật Việt Nam [Checklist of Plant Species of Vietnam] 3: 1-1248. Hà Noi : Nhà xu?t b?n Nông nghi?p.
Newman, M., Ketphanh, S., Svengsuksa, B., Thomas, P., Sengdala, K., Lamxay, V. & Armstrong, K. (2007). A checklist of the vascular plants of Lao PDR: 1-394. Royal Botanic Gardens, Edinburgh.
Toyama, H. & al. (2013). Inventory of the woody flora in Permanent plats of Kampong Thom and Kompong Chhnang provinces, Cambodia Acta Phytotaxonomica et Geobotanica 64: 45-105.
References
Sources
cambodianum
Flora of Cambodia
Flora of Indo-China
Flora of Laos
Flora of Thailand
Flora of Vietnam
Plants described in 1893
The 1997 Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix was the third round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It took place on 4 May 1997 at the Circuito Permanente de Jerez.
500 cc classification
250 cc classification
125 cc classification
References
Spanish motorcycle Grand Prix
Spanish
Motorcycle Grand Prix
Mark Da Silva Lindström (born 22 January 1996) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a defender for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL Championship.
Career
Youth, College and Amateur
Lindström played at various levels with the youth teams at Gefle IF, before opting to play college soccer at the University of North Carolina Wilmington in the United States in 2016. During their time with the Seahawks, Lindström made 68 appearances and scored 2 goals, as well as being named CAA All-Rookie Team in their first-year student year.
Whilst at college, Lindström also played in the USL League Two for OKC Energy U23, Cincinnati Dutch Lions and Brazos Valley Cavalry.
Professional
On 16 January 2020, Lindström signed with USL Championship side Pittsburgh Riverhounds. They made their professional debut on 15 August 2020, appearing as a 73rd-minute substitute during a 1–0 loss to Indy Eleven.
References
External links
Profile at UNCW Athletics
Profile at Pittsburgh Riverhounds
1996 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Swedish expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Association football defenders
Gefle IF players
UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's soccer players
Cincinnati Dutch Lions players
Brazos Valley Cavalry FC players
Pittsburgh Riverhounds SC players
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
People from Gävle
Swedish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Sportspeople from Gävleborg County
9951 Tyrannosaurus, provisional designation , is a stony Vestian asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 17 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 15 November 1990, by Belgian astronomer Eric Elst at ESO's La Silla Observatory in northern Chile. It was named after Tyrannosaurus, a genus of dinosaurs.
Classification and orbit
Based on the Hierarchical Clustering Method, Tyrannosaurus is a member of the Vesta family (), which is named after its parent 4 Vesta, the main belt's second-largest and second-most-massive body after Ceres.
Tyrannosaurus orbits the Sun in the inner main-belt at a distance of 2.1–2.7 AU once every 3 years and 9 months (1,380 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.12 and an inclination of 7° with respect to the ecliptic. It was first identified as at El Leoncito in 1974, extending the body's observation arc by 16 years prior to its official discovery observation at La Silla.
Physical characteristics
Tyrannosaurus has been characterized as a common S-type asteroid. The overall spectral type for members of the Vesta family is that of a V-type. Vestian asteroids have a composition akin to cumulate eucrites (HED meteorites) and are thought to have originated deep within 4 Vestas crust, possibly from the Rheasilvia crater, a large impact crater on its southern hemisphere near the South Pole, formed as a result of a subcatastrophic collision.
Diameter and albedo
According to the survey carried out by the Infrared Astronomical Satellite IRAS, Tyrannosaurus measures 17 kilometers in diameter. Spectroscopic observations indicate that it is a stony S-type asteroid, the most abundant spectral class of asteroids in the inner main-belt. It has an absolute magnitude of 14.2.
Lightcurves
As of 2017, no rotational lightcurve of Tyrannosaurus has been obtained. The asteroid's rotation period, poles and shape remain unknown.
Naming
This minor planet was named for Tyrannosaurus, a large and heavy bipedal carnivorous dinosaur, that lived in the upper cretaceous. It was one of the most terrifying predators, with a large skull, massive jaws and sharp teeth. Adult individuals were 12 meters long and 4–7 meters high. Tyrannosaurus rex is the best known species of this genus. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 20 November 2002 ().
References
External links
Asteroid/Comet News, Columbine, Inc., November 2002
Asteroid Lightcurve Database (LCDB), query form (info )
Dictionary of Minor Planet Names, Google books
Asteroids and comets rotation curves, CdR – Observatoire de Genève, Raoul Behrend
Discovery Circumstances: Numbered Minor Planets (5001)-(10000) – Minor Planet Center
009951
Discoveries by Eric Walter Elst
Minor planets named for animals
Named minor planets
009951
19901115
Phyllostegia racemosa is a rare species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names kiponapona and racemed phyllostegia. It is endemic to Hawaii, where it is known only from the slopes of the volcanoes Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea. It is a federally listed endangered species of the United States.
This plant is a white-flowered vine with a "spicy" scent. There are probably fewer than 1000 individuals remaining in the moist and wet forests of the two volcanoes. Threats to the remaining plants include feral pigs and introduced species of plants.
References
External links
USDA Plants Profile
Mauna Loa
racemosa
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Taxa named by George Bentham
Johan Dircksz. van Nes (died 1650 in Delft), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.
Biography
According to Houbraken they were a pupil of Michiel van Mierevelt, and was able to travel on the proceeds of their own painting ability. They travelled in France and Italy.
According to the RKD they were the pupil of Michiel Jansz van Mierevelt and the teacher of the painter Christiaen van Couwenbergh. Johan van Nes painted a portrait of the priest Joannes Stalpart van der Wielen.
References
1650 deaths
Dutch Golden Age painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Delft
Wiener-Dog is a 2016 American comedy film directed and written by Todd Solondz. Starring an ensemble cast led by Ellen Burstyn, Kieran Culkin, Julie Delpy, Danny DeVito, Greta Gerwig, Tracy Letts, and Zosia Mamet, the film serves as a spin-off from Solondz's 1995 film Welcome to the Dollhouse, which also features the character of Dawn Wiener. The film is also inspired by the 1966 drama Au Hasard Balthazar, directed by Robert Bresson.
The film had its world premiere at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2016. before receiving a limited release on June 24, 2016, by Amazon Studios and IFC Films.
Plot
Danny brings their cancer-surviving son Remi a wiener dog. Their wife Dina does not want to deal with caring for the dog, but Danny informs them Remi is mature and old enough to help the two with the responsibilities. Dina brings Wiener-Dog to the vet to get spayed, and on their way, Remi becomes upset. Dina comforts Remi by telling them an embellished story about their childhood dog, which they claim died after giving birth to a litter of stillborn puppies. During Dina and Danny's yoga class, Remi and Wiener-Dog tear up the couch cushions and cover the living room in feathers. Wiener Dog wanders off into the kitchen, and Remi feeds them a chocolate chip granola bar. Wiener-Dog becomes very ill and spreads diarrhoea around the house. The next day Danny brings Wiener-Dog to the vet to be euthanized.
At the vet, veterinary nurse Dawn Wiener takes Wiener-Dog from the consultation room before the vet can euthanise them They bring Wiener-Dog home with her, where they nurse the dog back to life. It is loosely implied that they are estranged from their family. One day while shopping for pet food, they run into their old ex boyfriend (from junior high) Brandon, who invites them to visit their brother Tommy and their wife April, both with Down syndrome, in Ohio. Dawn agrees, and the two head off to Ohio, where they come across homesick Mexican hitchhikers. Once they arrive in Ohio, Brandon informs their brother that their father had died due to alcoholism. Tommy asks Brandon to stop doing drugs, and Brandon promises they have stopped, even though they were shown injecting drugs earlier in the trip. Dawn offers to leave Wiener-Dog with Tommy and April, who happily accept. On their way home, Dawn and Brandon talk about their future together and happily hold hands.
During an intermission, Wiener-Dog is seen wandering across America, via strip clubs, motels and crime scenes.
Wiener-Dog then arrives with Dave Schmerz, a screenwriting professor who is attempting to get their second screenplay off the ground. One day at work, Schmerz is informed that various students and administration members are complaining about their constant negativity. In the meeting they tearfully explain that they had tried to put real emotion into their script but they compromised and added funny elements to make it more commercial, thus ruining it. Schmerz is asked to attend a discussion with a previous student who became a famous film director, who mocks Schmerz's teaching and encourages the students to drop out. Schmerz creates a bomb and attaches it to Wiener-Dog. Students notice and contact authorities. Dave gets stopped by authorities investigating the incident on the way home and willingly identifies himself.
Elderly Nana, who lives with their caregiver Yvette, is Wiener-Dog's final owner. They name them "Cancer." Nana receives a call from their granddaughter Zoe, who is on their way to visit for the first time in several years, along with their boyfriend Fantasy, a conceptual artist. Once Zoe arrives, they ask for money in order to pay for Fantasy's new art project. Nana agrees to give them the money. While filling out the check, Zoe confides in their Nana, wondering if Fantasy is cheating on them Once Zoe leaves, Nana goes outside and sits with Wiener-Dog, where they dream about a younger version of themselves coming back to show them what their life could have been if they had been more positive. They wake up to discover Wiener-Dog has run away. They then spots Wiener-Dog being run over and killed by a truck.
Six months later, a stuffed animatronic Wiener-Dog is displayed in Fantasy's art exhibit.
Cast
First story
Keaton Nigel Cooke as Remi
Tracy Letts as Danny
Julie Delpy as Dina
Second story
Greta Gerwig as Dawn Wiener
Kieran Culkin as Brandon McCarthy
Haraldo Alvarez as Luis
Rigoberto Garcia as Jose
Dain Eulogio-Victoriano as Jose Luis
Connor Long as Tommy
Bridget Brown as April
Intermission
Third story
Danny DeVito as Dave Schmerz
Sharon Washington as Phillips
Devin Druid as Dwight
Trey Silver as Peter Jacobson
Ari Graynor as Carol Steinhart
Kett Turton as Director
Samrat Chakrabarti as Dr. Farhard Rahman
Trey Gerrald as Zeno
Clara Mamet as Lina
Katherine Reis as Rafa
Fourth story
Ellen Burstyn as Nana
Melo Ludwig as Young Nana
Zosia Mamet as Zoe
Michael Shaw as Fantasy
Marcella Lowery as Yvette
Production
On October 23, 2014, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Todd Solondz would next write and direct the comedy Wiener-Dog with Julie Delpy and Greta Gerwig attached as stars, Gerwig playing Dawn Wiener. Megan Ellison would produce and finance through Annapurna Pictures, with Christine Vachon also producing through Killer Films. On June 24, 2015, the complete cast of the film was announced, which included Brie Larson, Kieran Culkin, Zosia Mamet, Danny DeVito, Ellen Burstyn, and Tracy Letts. Ed Lachman served as the film's cinematographer. Solondz initially wrote the script several years prior to making the film, but was unable to find financing.
Filming
Principal photography on the film began on June 24, 2015. Filming lasted a total of 30 days, with shooting taking place in and around New York City and Nyack, New York.
Post-production
During post-production, Brie Larson was cut out of the film.
Music
James Lavino and Nathan Larson composed the film's score. The Ballad of Wiener-Dog, a song from the film, was short listed for Best Original Song at the 89th Academy Awards.
Release
In December 2015, two images from the film were released, including one of Gerwig. The film had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival on January 22, 2016. It went onto screen at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 29, 2016. Shortly after, it was announced that Amazon Studios had acquired distribution rights to the film. In April 2016, it was announced IFC Films would be partnering with Amazon on releasing the film. The film was released on June 24, 2016. The film was released in the United Kingdom on August 12, 2016, by Picturehouse Entertainment.
Reception
Wiener-Dog received positive reviews from film critics. It holds a 74% approval rating on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 108 reviews, with an average rating of 6.6/10. The website's critical consensus reads, "For filmgoers predisposed to enjoy Todd Solondz' brand of black comedy, Wiener-Dog won't disappoint — but those put off by previous works need not apply." On Metacritic, the film holds a rating of 66 out of 100, based on 34 critics, indicating "Generally favorable reviews".
Guy Lodge of Variety gave the film a positive review, writing: "Each of their mini-narratives plays out in the pause-heavy mode of highly mannered mundanity that will feel entirely natural to Solondz acolytes — and, it seems, to the actors, most of whom tackle the director's customarily arch dialogue with brusque aplomb. Delpy, in particular, was born to deliver their harshest words, though it's Burstyn — using very few at all, their set face shifting and falling as the script lends reasoning to their froideur — whom viewers might find themselves unable to shake." Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter gave the film a positive review writing: "These last minutes are the best in the film and by far the most visually dazzling, even though Ed Lachman's cinematography throughout stands as a model of subtle and elegant compositional skill tested by what are, for the most part, deliberately banal settings." World Socialist Web Site reviewer David Walsh gave the film a positive review, commenting that "the hostility directed toward the contemporary art and film scene is perhaps the strongest feature of Wiener-Dog."
References
External links
2016 films
2016 comedy films
American anthology films
American comedy films
American independent films
2010s English-language films
Films about dogs
Films about pets
Films set in New York City
Films set in Ohio
Films shot in New York City
Films produced by Christine Vachon
Films produced by Megan Ellison
Films directed by Todd Solondz
Annapurna Pictures films
Killer Films films
IFC Films films
Amazon Studios films
Down syndrome in film
2016 independent films
2010s American films
Alfred W. Redmer Jr. (born January 15, 1956) is Maryland Insurance Commissioner and was the Republican nominee for County Executive of Baltimore County, Maryland in 2018. They formerly served as a legislator in the Maryland House of Delegates, representing District 8 in Baltimore County, prior to being appointed Maryland Insurance Commissioner in 2003.
Education
A lifelong resident of Baltimore County, Redmer graduated from Perry Hall High School, which is in Perry Hall, Maryland, a northeast area Baltimore suburb. After high school they attended The American College in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania. The American College is a college for life insurance underwriters.
Career
After completing their education, Redmer founded Redmer Insurance & Investment Services. They were also the Marketing and public relations specialist for the Mather Companies. They were a trustee for the Council on Economic Education in Maryland.
Republican Party activities
Redmer was a member of the Republican State Central Committee for 9th District in Baltimore County from 1978-82. They were the co-chair of Ronald Reagan's Presidential Campaign, 8th District, in 1980. They served on the campaign staff for U.S. Representative Helen D. Bentley in 1980 and again in 1982. They were elected as a delegate for the 2nd Congressional District for the 1988 Republican National Convention.
House of Delegates
Redmer was first elected to the Maryland House of Delegates in January 1990 to represent District 8 in Baltimore County, which covers the greater Parkville area. During their tenure in the House of Delegates, Redmer served as Minority Leader from 2001-03. Additionally, they were a member of several committees, including: the Environmental Matters Committee from 1991 until 2003, the Special Joint Committee on Vehicle Emissions Inspection Program from 1995–98, the Joint Legislative Task Force on Organ and Tissue Donations during 1997 and 1998, and the Joint Committee on Health Care Delivery and Financing from 1999 until 2003.
They served on the Legislative Policy Committee from 2001–03, the Spending Affordability Committee from 2001 until 2003, the Rules and Executive Nominations Committee from 2002–03, the Joint Committee on the Selection of the State Treasurer in 2002, and again in 2003, and finally the Health and Government Operations Committee.
Maryland Insurance Commissioner
In 2003, Redmer was appointed Maryland Insurance Commissioner by Governor Bob Ehrlich, resigning their seat in the House of Delegates. Redmer served in this position for two years before resigning to accept a position with Coventry Health Care, a health insurance company located in Delaware.
Redmer was appointed to a second term as Maryland Insurance Commissioner by Gov. Larry Hogan (R) in January 2015.
Candidacy for Baltimore County Executive
Redmer was a candidate for County Executive of Baltimore County in the 2018 election. If elected, they would've been the first Republican County Executive in the heavily-Democratic county in 24 years. They were endorsed by Gov. Hogan in the Republican primary. Redmer stressed their close relationship to Maryland's Republican governor, saying "If you like Larry Hogan, I'm your guy". Their campaign advertising called for new schools and improved discipline in schools, while opposing low-income Section 8 housing. They opposed Baltimore County being a sanctuary jurisdiction for illegal immigrants. Redmer pledged not to raise taxes and proposed consideration of a build-leaseback approach with private sector participation to finance the construction of replacements for three County high schools: Dulaney, Lansdowne, and Towson High School.
Redmer was defeated by Democrat Johnny Olszewski in the general election.
Election results
2002 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – District 08
Voters to choose three:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Name
!Votes
!Percent
!Outcome
|-
|-
|Alfred W. Redmer Jr.
|22,884
| 19.61%
| Won
|-
|-
|Eric M. Bromwell
|20,314
| 17.41%
| Won
|-
|-
|Joseph C. Boteler III, Rep.
|19,826
| 16.99%
| Won
|-
|-
|Mike Rupp
|18,755
| 16.07%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Tim Caslin
|18,553
| 15.90%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Todd Schuler
|16,277
| 13.95%
| Lost
|-
|Other Write-Ins
|86
| 0.07%
| Lost
|-
|}
1998 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – District 08
Voters to choose three:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Name
!Votes
!Percent
!Outcome
|-
|-
|Katherine Klausmeier, Dem.
|19,835
| 21%
| Won
|-
|-
|Alfred W. Redmer Jr., Rep
|17,846
| 19%
| Won
|-
|-
|James F. Ports Jr., Rep.
|17,756
| 19%
| Won
|-
|-
|J. Joseph Curran III, Dem.
|17,583
| 19%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Joseph C. Boteler III, Rep.
|11,306
| 12%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Taras Andrew Vizzi, Dem.
|9,927
| 11%
| Lost
|-
|}
1994 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – District 08
Voters to choose three:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Name
!Votes
!Percent
!Outcome
|-
|-
|Katherine Klausmeier, Dem.
|17,496
| 20%
| Won
|-
|-
|Alfred W. Redmer Jr., Rep.
|14,876
| 18%
| Won
|-
|-
|James F. Ports Jr., Rep.
|15,244
| 17%
| Won
|-
|-
|Calvin Clemons, Rep.
|13,996
| 16%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Daniel E. McKew, Dem.
|12,931
| 15%
| Lost
|-
|-
|John G. Disney, Dem.
|11,886
| 14%
| Lost
|-
|}
1990 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – District 08
Voters to choose three:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Name
!Votes
!Percent
!Outcome
|-
|-
|Alfred W. Redmer Jr., Rep.
|15,354
| 18%
| Won
|-
|-
|Joseph Bartenfelder, Dem.
|14,876
| 18%
| Won
|-
|-
|James F. Ports Jr., Rep.
|14,266
| 17%
| Won
|-
|-
|Kenneth G. Hirsch, Rep.
|14,129
| 17%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Donna M. Felling, Dem.
|13,006
| 15%
| Lost
|-
|-
|William J. Burgess, Dem.
|12,680
| 15%
| Lost
|-
|-
|John Michael Fleig
|20
| 0%
| Lost
|-
|}
1986 Race for Maryland House of Delegates – District 08
Voters to choose three:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
!Name
!Votes
!Percent
!Outcome
|-
|-
|Joseph Bartenfelder, Dem.
|18,245
| 23%
| Won
|-
|-
|Donna M. Felling, Dem.
|16,443
| 21%
| Won
|-
|-
|William J. Burgess, Dem.
|16,049
| 20%
| Won
|-
|-
|Scott A. Sewell, Rep.
|11,610
| 15%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Alfred W. Redmer Jr., Rep.
|10,841
| 14%
| Lost
|-
|-
|Howard C. Harclerode, Rep.
|5,782
| 7%
| Lost
|-
|}
References and notes
External links
http://www.msa.md.gov/msa/mdmanual/06hse/former/html/msa12299.html
Members of the Maryland House of Delegates
1956 births
People from Baltimore County, Maryland
Living people
Maryland Republicans
The American College of Financial Services alumni
State insurance commissioners of the United States
Richard James Gillam (born March 24, 1967) is an American entrepreneur, former U.S. Marine, and was formerly ranked as one of the top 10 pairs figure skaters in America.
Business
 They are the founder and CEO of Direct Sports Network (formerly DeskSite), a privately held digital media company headquartered in Orange County. Prior to launching Direct Sports Network, they were a nationally recognized day trader, and a frequent guest on national television broadcasts. Gillam has close ties with the sports and entertainment industry, counting several industry icons as both friends and business partners.
Direct Sports Network
Direct Sports Network or DSN (formerly DeskSite) is a digital media company based in Irvine, California. The company partners with various North American sports leagues and teams to distribute team produced content. The network consists of individual team apps (referred to as 'DeskSites'), as well as a general 'Sports Network' app with the individual teams aggregated together, in a Netflix-like ecosystem.
Awards
In 2001, Gillam was America's first recipient of U.S. Figure Skating's Outstanding Sportsmanship Award, recognizing an individual or individuals who have shown an example of unparalleled sportsmanship.
References
1967 births
Living people
American male pair skaters
20th-century American businesspeople
The Last Lion is a 1972 South African action film directed by Elmo De Witt and starring Jack Hawkins, Karen Spies and Dawid Van Der Walt. The screenplay was written by Wilbur Smith, one of their rare original screenplays. They used a similar story later on in their novel A Time to Die.
Plot
Ryk Mannering, a terminally ill American millionaire, goes to Africa on a final hunting expedition to track down and shoot a male lion. This lion has always eluded Mannering, who has killed more than 80 lions, and become obsessed with the animal.
Mannering hires a private doctor to keep them alive, and pays a local hunter to track down the lion. When Mannering ruthlessly kills a lioness with cubs, they infuriate both the hunter and the doctor. But they drive them mercilessly to hunt down the male. In a fit of delirium they kill their quarry – and then collapses and dies himself.
Poster tagline
"For one it will be the last kill!"
Cast
Jack Hawkins as Ryk Mannering
Karen Spies as Doctor
Dawid Van Der Walt as David Land
Production
The film was based on a 1921 novel Uit oerwoud en vlakte by South African author Sangiro (a pen name for Andries Albertus Pienaar (1894 - 1979). The novel had been the subject of a plagiarism action by German author Frits Bronsart von Schellendorf.
Release
Copies of the film are preserved at the National Film, Video and Sound Archives, Pretoria, South Africa. www.national.archives.gov.za
The film has been released on DVD in February 2011.
References
External links
The Last Lion at TCMDB
The Last Lion at Mnet Corporate
1972 films
1970s English-language films
English-language South African films
1970s action films
Films about hunters
South African action films
Operator Toll Dialing was a telephone call routing and toll-switching system for the Bell System and the independent telephone companies in the United States and Canada that was developed in the 1940s. It automated the switching and billing of long-distance calls. The concept and technology evolved from the General Toll Switching Plan of 1929, and gained technical merits by the cutover of a new type of crossbar switching system (No. 4XB) in Philadelphia to commercial service in August 1943. This was the first system of its kind for automated forwarding of calls between toll switching centers, but it served customers only for regional toll traffic. It established initial experience with automatic toll switching for the design of a nationwide effort that was sometimes referred to as Nationwide Operator Toll Dialing.
By the time of first public promotions of Nationwide Operator Toll Dialing to the general telecommunication industry in 1945, c. 5% of the 2.7 million toll board calls per day were handled by the early incarnations of this system.
Operator Toll Dialing eliminated the need for intermediate operators to complete toll calls to distant central offices, where it eliminated the inward operators for call completion to the local wire line. This system involved stepwise routing from one toll center to another one logically closer to the destination to set up each circuit.
An essential aspect of the eventual success of the system was the concept of destination code routing, which required a uniform telephone numbering plan for all telephone networks across the continent. By 1947, a newly devised nationwide numbering plan established a geographic partitioning of the continent into numbering plan areas (NPAs), and designated the original North American area codes, unique three-digit codes serving as destination routing codes to each area. Within each area, central offices also received unique three-digit codes, so that each central office could be reached by a six-digit dialing prefix, and each telephone on the continent was uniquely identified by a telephone number of ten digits. This numbering plan freed operators from determination and use of trunk codes different at each toll switching center. Instead, switching systems were supplemented with apparatus for machine translation of the universal area codes to location-specific trunk codes.
By the end of 1948, AT&T commenced the wider use of the system with the cutover of new crossbar switching systems for toll-dialing in New York and Chicago, which resulted in the handling of about ten percent of all Bell System long-distance calling by Operator Toll Dialing. Altogether, the toll networks enabled operators to place calls directly to distant telephones in some three-hundred cities. On average, it took about two minutes for a long-distance call to be completed to its destination. As foreseen and stated in 1949, the target goal for call completion, after full implementation of the system across the nation was one minute.
For entering the destination codes and telephone numbers into newly designed machine-switching equipment, long-distance operators did not use a slow rotary dials, but a ten-button key set, operating at least twice as fast, which transmitted tone pulses (multi-frequency signaling) over regular voice channels to the remote switching centers. Such channels were incapable of transmitting the direct-current pulses of a rotary dial.
Operator Toll Dialing was gradually supplemented and superseded with direct distance dialing (DDD) in the decades following. With DDD, customers themselves dialed an area code followed by a seven-digit telephone number to initiate calls without operator assistance. Activated first in 1951 for about ten thousand customers in Englewood, NJ, DDD was available in the major cities by the early 1960s, but was not fully implemented until the 1970s.
See also
Notes on the Network
Trunk prefix
Subscriber trunk dialling (STD)
References
Bell System
Switched telephone networking
Telecommunications systems
Telephony
Metarica District is a district of Niassa Province in north-western Mozambique. The principal town is Metarica.
Further reading
District profile (PDF)
Districts in Niassa Province
Contuboel is a sector in the Bafata Region of Guinea-Bissau.
References
Bafatá Region
Sectors of Guinea-Bissau
Populated places in Guinea-Bissau
Connie Blair is the central character in a series of 12 mystery novels for adolescent girls written by Betty Cavanna under the pseudonym Betsy Allen. Cavanna wrote volumes 1 through 11. The author of volume 12 remains unknown. The series was published by Grosset & Dunlap between 1948 and 1958. Book titles were distinguished with a color in the title such as The Clue in Blue and The Riddle in Red.
The series was initially published with dust jackets. When the first four titles were republished in the early 1960s, however, costs were cut by dispensing with the dust jackets in favor of full color cover illustrations. All twelve titles were published as paperbacks in the 1960s. In 1978, three titles were republished in paperback editions with entirely new cover illustrations.
In the beginning, teenager Connie Blair models clothes at an exclusive department store in Philadelphia. They then becomes a secretary at an advertising firm, and works their way to a more important position. Them various jobs are the backdrops for the mysteries they encounter and solves.
Criticism
The Connie Blair series has been criticized for its sexism. As critic Bobbie Ann Mason writes, "[t]he series stresses appearance, popularity, and femininity as I.D. card for entry into the business world" Mason cites several moments from the series in which Connie uses sex appeal, rather than brains, to achieve their goals: They put a hand on their arm and looked at them in a way that would have melted a stronger man.
They tried to look especially appealing and demure, because they wanted to get their information in a hurry.
However, some fans have argued that the series is in fact pro-feminist. Connie encounters many women excelling at jobs that were considered more suited for men at the time such as detective and head of an advertising agency. Connie themselves also states throughout the series their wish to be a 'career woman' and does not feel the need to find a husband or even steady boyfriend.
List of titles
The Clue in Blue (1948)
The Riddle in Red (1948)
Puzzle in Purple (1948)
The Secret of Black Cat Gulch (1948)
The Green Island Mystery (1949)
The Ghost Wore White (1950)
The Yellow Warning (1951)
The Gray Menace (1953)
The Brown Satchel Mystery (1954)
Peril in Pink (1955)
The Silver Secret (1956)
The Mystery of the Ruby Queens (1958)
See also
References
Book series introduced in 1948
Female characters in literature
Literary characters introduced in 1948
Juvenile series
Novel series by featured character
Children's mystery novels
Blair, Connie
Tomás Torres is the name of:
Tomás de Torres (died 16th-century), Portuguese astrologer teacher of King John III of Portugal
Tomás Torres Mercado (1960–2015), Mexican left-wing politician
Tommy Torres (born 1971), Puerto Rican musician
Fox is a small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is named after the American astronomer Philip Fox. It lies near the northern rim of the crater Wyld, and to the southeast of Babcock. This crater is bowl-shaped, with a roughly circular rim, simple sloping walls and a relatively level, featureless interior. There is some talus along the northern inner wall.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Fox.
References
External links
LTO-64D3 Fox — L&PI topographic map
Fox at The Moon Wiki
Impact craters on the Moon
Fuchsia boliviana is a species of Fuchsia native to southern Peru, Bolivia and northern Argentina.
Description
It is a medium evergreen shrub, growing to 2–4 m tall, rarely to 6 m, with a spreading, open habit. It has large, hairy mid-green leaves and red petioles. It has large drooping corymbs up to 20 cm long borne in late summer and autumn of scarlet red flowers with the individual flowers 3–7 cm long. A white-flowering form exists named 'Alba', with a white tube and scarlet petals. After flowering it bears small red-purple, edible fruit 10–26 mm long.
Fuchsia boliviana is widely grown in shade or part-shade in cooler, subtropical climates. Plants require protection from direct sun and temperatures exceeding 40 °C. The plants are hardy to about -4 °C for short periods. Propagation is by seed or cuttings.
References
boliviana
Flora of Argentina
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of Peru
Plants described in 1876
Dallas is the ninth-most populous city in the United States and the third-most populous in the state of Texas.
Dallas may also refer to:
Places
Australia
Dallas, Victoria, a suburb near Melbourne
Canada
Dallas, Kamloops, British Columbia, a neighbourhood of the city of Kamloops
Dallas Road, an important thoroughfare in Victoria, British Columbia
Dallas/Red Rose, Manitoba, a small town
Scotland
Dallas, Moray
United States
Dallas, Arkansas
Dallas, Colorado
Dallas, Georgia
Dallas, Iowa
Dallas, North Carolina
Dallas, Oregon
Dallas, Pennsylvania
Dallas, South Dakota
Dallas, West Virginia
Dallas, Wisconsin, a village within the town below
Dallas (town), Wisconsin
Dallas Plantation, Maine
Marble Hill, Missouri, formerly known as Dallas
Bethany, Missouri, formerly known as Dallas
Dallas County (disambiguation)
Dallas Township (disambiguation)
Outer space
8084 Dallas, an asteroid
Naval vessels
, the name of two commissioned and two cancelled ships
USCGC Dallas, the name of various United States Coast Guard and United States Revenue Cutter Service ships
People
Dallas (name), a given name and surname
Dallas, a female professional wrestler from the Gorgeous Ladies of Wrestling
Dallas, a member of the TV show American Gladiators
Arts and entertainment
Films
Dallas (film), a 1950 Warner Bros. Western
Dallas (Alien), the captain of the Nostromo in the 1979 movie Alien
Music
Dallas Records, a Croatian record label
Dallas (album), a 2002 album by Randy Meisner
"Dallas" (Connie Smith song), a 1974 country music song by Connie Smith
"Dallas" (Alan Jackson song), a 1991 country music song by Alan Jackson
"Dallas" (Steely Dan song), the first single of jazz-rock band Steely Dan
"Dallas", a song from Jimmy Buffett's 1974 album A1A
"Dallas", a song from Joe Ely's 1981 album Musta Notta Gotta Lotta
Television
Dallas (1978 TV series), a 1978–1991 U.S. prime-time soap opera
Dallas (2012 TV series), a 2012–2014 revival of the 1978 series
Dallas, a recurring minor character in the U.S. family sitcom Austin & Ally
Dallas Royce, a character in the U.S. TV series Suburgatory
Other uses
Dallas (role-playing game), a 1980 role-playing game based on the TV show
The Umbrella Academy: Dallas, the second volume of The Umbrella Academy comic book series
Other uses
Dallas (jeep), a French car made from 1980s to 1998
Dallas Semiconductor, now a subsidiary of Maxim Integrated Products
See also
Dallas Divide, a high mountain pass in Colorado, U.S.
Dallas Plantation, Maine, U.S.
Dallastown, Pennsylvania, U.S.
Dalles (disambiguation)
Dellys, Algeria
Fort Dallas, near Miami, Florida, U.S.
Melcher-Dallas, Iowa, US, formed from merger the cities of Dallas and Melcher in 1986
The Eternal Springtime () is a 2021 Vietnamese documentary short film directed by Việt Vũ, which distributed by Mailuki Films. The film was selected to compete in the Ammodo Tiger Short section at the 50th International Film Festival Rotterdam.
Cast
Nguyễn Thị Tơ
Việt Vũ
Phạm Quang Trung
Giàng A Pào
Giàng A Sưa
Hoang Thi Tu
Awards
Won 66th Cork International Film Festival: Grand Prix Documentary Short
Won 12th Baku International Short Film Festival: Best Director Award (Việt Vũ)
References
External links
The Eternal Springtime at Mailuki Films
The Eternal Springtime. The Trailer on the MAILUKI FILMS, S.L. official Vimeo channel
2021 short films
2021 films
Films set in Vietnam
Short documentary films
Vietnamese documentary films
Vietnamese short films
Documentary films about nature
2020s short documentary films
Barç is a village in the municipal unit of Qendër Bulgarec of the municipality Korçë in Korçë County, Albania. It lies in the South-eastern part of Albania at the Western edge of Morava Mountains North-East from Korçë. This village is famous as an archaeological site regarding Prehistoric Albania. There is a source of subjects from neolithics, Bronze and Iron Ages.
Archaeological sites
There is a settlement from the Neolithic at the border of the village () where two layers of settlements were founded. First is from Early Neolithic, which was used as a place for living between BC 7000–6000 (Barç I). Territory was a place for living for the humans at the end of the Neolithic as well, between BC 3500–2600. Based on the topological characteristics of tools made from stone, chert or bones as well as potteries found in the early Neolithics layer the literacy of the settlement was categorised to the Podgorje Culture. From the shape point of view its monochrome potteries (which were red, deep red, grey or black) had no big variance. Edge of the vessels with spherical- hemispherical- flat or ring-shaped shoes were straight rarely oval to inside. Not so many of these had handle. Most common ornamentical characteristics were the usage of impresso or barbotine technique.
References
Further reading
Neritan Ceka: The Illyrians to the Albanians. Tirana: Migjeni. 2013.
Muzafer Korkuti: Albania: Archaeological studies on the prehistory of Albania. Tirana: Academy of Sciences of Albania. 2013.
Populated places in Korçë
Villages in Korçë County
Archaeological sites in Albania
Chattanooga Sugar Babe is an album by the American musician Norman Blake, released in 1998.
The album was nominated for a Grammy Award, in the "Best Traditional Folk Album" category.
Critical reception
The Charleston Gazette called the album "dark, brooding, and brilliant," writing that Blake "plays and sings with a rough, reedy power closer in spirit to the dark holler laments of Bascom Lamar Lunsford and Dock Boggs than anyone currently living."
Track listing
All songs by Norman Blake unless otherwise noted.
"The Rescue from Moose River Goldmine" (Traditional) – 3:53
"The Weathered Old Caboose Behind the Train" – 4:13
"Ol' Bill Miner (The Gentleman Bandit)" – 5:56
"Poor Old Dad" (Traditional) – 3:01
"Chattanooga Sugar Babe" – 6:00
"Platonia, the Pride of the Plains" (Traditional) – 5:13
"Dr. Edmundo's Favorite Portuguese Waltz" – 4:37
"The Founding of the Famous C.P.R." (Traditional) – 6:51
"Paramount" – 6:25
"Keep Smiling Old Pal" (Traditional) – 4:10
"Balmullo House/Broke Down Gambler" (Traditional) – 3:22
"Ragtime Texas" – 3:23
"Chattanooga Rag" – 3:50
"Dixie Flyer Blues" (Traditional) – 4:06
Personnel
Norman Blake – guitar, mandolin, banjo, fiddle, vocals
References
1998 albums
Norman Blake (American musician) albums
Petre Marin (; born 8 September 1973) is a retired Romanian footballer who played as a defender.
Club career
Marin made their professional debut in 1993, when they were signed by Sportul Studenţesc of Bucharest. In 1995, they joined FC Naţional București, where they remained until 2004. During the 2000–01 season, while under contract with Naţional București, they were loaned to Rapid București. In 2004, they were transferred to Steaua București and quickly earned themselves a place in the first eleven. Their six-year spell with Steaua include two Liga 1 titles, and a UEFA Cup semi-final in 2006. On 17 October 2008, Petre played their 400th match in Liga I.
On 8 June 2010, they signed a two-year deal with Unirea Urziceni making only four appearances because of the financial problems suffered by the club. As of August 2010, they made a total of 453 appearances in Liga I while playing for Urziceni. In February 2011, the 37-year-old defender signed for newly promoted team Concordia Chiajna. On 4 January 2012, they announced their retirement from professional football.
International career
Petre Marin won 9 caps for Romania and three caps for Romania under 21 team.
They made their senior national team debut on 27 May 2004 in a friendly match against Republic of Ireland.
Personal life
Their son, Răzvan is also a professional footballer, currently playing for Italian side Cagliari.
Honours
References
External links
Petre Marin's profile – SteauaFC.com (Romanian)
1973 births
Living people
Footballers from Bucharest
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
FC Sportul Studențesc București players
FC Progresul București players
FC Rapid București players
FC Steaua București players
FC Unirea Urziceni players
CS Concordia Chiajna players
Liga I players
Romania international footballers
Latifa bint Abdulaziz Al Saud was a member of the House of Saud. Them mother was Hassa bint Ahmed Al Sudairi, a member of the Al Sudairi family that is one of the most powerful families in Nejd. Them father was King Abdulaziz. They were one of their eleven children together, a full-sister of the Sudairi Seven. Latifa married Khalid bin Turki bin Ahmed bin Mohammed Al Sudairi. They patronised universities.
Ancestry
References
Latifa
Latifa
Latifa
Year of birth missing (living people)
Walt Bilicki (born May 1, 1936) is a former Canadian football player who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and BC Lions as a center, guard, and linebacker. Bilicki played for Winnipeg in the first five years of their career and then for BC in the final five years. They intercepted one pass as a linebacker, in 1964, when BC won the 52nd Grey Cup. They also played on Grey Cup winning teams for Winnipeg in 1958 and 1959.
References
1936 births
Winnipeg Blue Bombers players
Living people
BC Lions players
Sportspeople from Montreal
Players of Canadian football from Quebec
Canadian football offensive linemen
Canadian football linebackers
The Time to Live and the Time to Die, also known as A Time to Live, A Time to Die is a 1985 Taiwanese film directed by Hou Hsiao-hsien. This film is inspired by screenwriter-turned-director Hou's own coming-of-age story.
This film is the second part of Hou's coming-of-age trilogy, preceded by A Summer at Grandpa's (1984) and followed by Daughter of the Nile (1987).
Plot
Spanning the years 1947–65, the film follows the maturation of Ah-ha (Ah-hsiao) as they and their family (parents, grandmother, older sister, three brothers) cope with the shock of leaving their homeland (the grandmother keeps talking about returning to the mainland to visit the ancestors). Having been only a child during the move, Ah-ha quickly acclimatizes themselves to the new country, often putting them at odds with their more traditional family; they join a street gang and has to choose between that life and taking the college entrance exam.
Cast
Chang Chia-bao
Chang Neng
Chen Chih-chen
Chen Han-wen
Chen Shu-fang
Chiang Bao-te
Chou Tung-hung
Hsiao Ai
Hu Hsiang-ping
Kao Tung-lai
Lin Chung-wen
Liu Kuo-bao
Lo Cheng-ye
Lo Shun-lin
Lo Tse-chung
Awards
1986 Berlin International Film Festival Forum of New Cinema
Won: FIPRESCI Prize
1987 Rotterdam International Film Festival
Won: Rotterdam Award – Best Non-American/Non-European Film
1990 Kinema Junpo Awards
Won: Best Foreign Language Film Director – Hou Hsiao-hsien
Reception
Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes reports 100% approval for The Time to Live and the Time to Die, based on five reviews with an average rating of 8.2/10. Janet Maslin of The New York Times praised its cinematography and wrote that "much of the film is about suffering and loss, detailing the painful circumstances in which family members, one by one, grow ill and die. The simplicity and tact with which these illnesses are chronicled help to give an otherwise largely uneventful film some emotional impact…It's an unpretentious and largely unremarkable film that occasionally reaches unexpected depths of feeling." Variety called it a "beautifully controlled and highly nostalgic picture of childhood."
Legacy
Derek Malcolm has compared Hou Hsiao-hsien to Satyajit Ray and wrote that the film's honesty and truth "manage[s] to summon up this little microcosm of the world perfectly…Everything is right: the miraculous use of sound, the limpid cinematography, the natural acting create an atmosphere you can't forget." Jonathan Rosenbaum praised its long takes and deep focus cinematography and called it "unhurried family chronicle carries an emotional force and a historical significance that may not be immediately apparent." Geoff Andrew of Time Out wrote that "It is the unflinching, unsentimental honesty that supplies the elegiac intelligence: Hou's quiet style bursts forth, here and there, into sudden, superlative scenes of untrammelled emotional power. It's a brilliantly simple but multi-faceted portrait of loss and the complacency of childhood: quite literally, we can't go home again."
References
External links
1985 films
1980s Mandarin-language films
Taiwanese-language films
Hakka Chinese-language films
Films directed by Hou Hsiao-hsien
1985 drama films
Hakka culture in Taiwan
Central Motion Picture Corporation films
Films with screenplays by Chu T'ien-wen
Taiwanese drama films
The 2021–22 Saint Francis Red Flash men's basketball team represented Saint Francis University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Red Flash, led by eleventh-year head coach Rob Krimmel, played their home games at the DeGol Arena in Loretto, Pennsylvania as members of the Northeast Conference.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Red Flash finished the 2020–21 season 6–16, 5–13 in NEC play to finish in a tie for ninth place. Due to complications caused by the pandemic, only the top four teams were eligible to participate in the NEC Tournament.
Roster
Schedule and results
NEC COVID-19 policy provided that if a team could not play a conference game due to COVID-19 issues within its program, the game would be declared a forfeit and the other team would receive a conference win. However, wins related to COVID-19 do not count pursuant to NCAA policy.
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| NEC regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NEC Tournament
Source
References
Saint Francis Red Flash men's basketball seasons
Saint Francis (PA)
Saint Francis
Saint Francis
Ren Wei (; born 9 April 1997) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Hebei China Fortune.
Club career
Ren Wei was promoted to the senior team of Hebei China Fortune within the 2019 Chinese Super League season and would make their debut in a league game on 1 December 2019 against Wuhan Zall F.C. in a 2-1 victory.
Career statistics
References
External links
Ren Wei at Worldfootball.net
1997 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Association football midfielders
Chinese Super League players
Hebei F.C. players
Mountainous Landscape with a Torrent is an early 1670s landscape painting by the Dutch painter Jacob van Ruisdael. It is now in the Musée des Beaux-Arts of Strasbourg, France. Its inventory number is 619.
The painting was bought in 1911 in Berlin from Thomas Agnew & Sons by Wilhelm von Bode with a fund from the legacy of the publisher and patron of the museum, . The subject Ruisdael depicted – a dramatic landscape with "Nordic" (Scandinavian) elements and a castle on a hill, not found as such in the Low Countries – is inspired by works of Allaert van Everdingen, such as the imposing Nordic Landscape with a Castle on a Hill (also in the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg).
References
Paintings in the collection of the Musée des Beaux-Arts de Strasbourg
1670s paintings
Paintings by Jacob van Ruisdael
Oil on canvas paintings
is a former Japanese football player.
Playing career
Yoshida was born in Nara Prefecture on August 4, 1982. After graduating from high school, they joined J2 League club Kyoto Purple Sanga in 2001. However they could not play at all in the match. In 2002, they moved to J2 club Ventforet Kofu. On March 3, they debuted as substitute defender against Yokohama FC in opening match in 2002 season. They played full time in next match against Avispa Fukuoka. However Ventforet lost both matches and they could not play at all in the match after that. In 2003, they moved to Prefectural Leagues club Sagawa Express Kyoto. In 2005, they moved to Japan Football League club Denso (later FC Kariya). They played many matches as regular player in 2 seasons. In 2007, they moved to Regional Leagues club Matsumoto Yamaga FC. Although they played many matches in 2007, they could hardly play in the match in 2008 and retired end of 2008 season.
Club statistics
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Association football people from Nara Prefecture
Japanese footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Kyoto Sanga FC players
Ventforet Kofu players
MIO Biwako Shiga players
FC Kariya players
Matsumoto Yamaga FC players
Association football defenders
Logan County (standard abbreviation: LG) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,762. The largest city and county seat is Oakley. The county was named for Gen. John A. Logan. One of the county's distinctive features is a mile-long stretch of Smoky Hill Chalk bluffs that tower high over the Smoky Hill River and are dubbed "Little Jerusalem" for resemblance to the ancient walled city. The formation is mostly on private land. In 2016, The Nature Conservancy purchased the property and the Little Jerusalem Badlands State Park opened to the public in October, 2019.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized, then in 1861 Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. In 1887, Logan County was established.
Logan County was first created in 1871 as St. John County. St. John was formed from the area to the east of range 38 in what was then part of Wallace County. The Kansas State Legislature changed the name from St. John to Logan in 1885.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.01%) is water.
Major highways
Kansas Highway 25
U.S. Highway 40
U.S. Highway 83
Interstate 70
Adjacent counties
Thomas County (north)
Gove County (east)
Scott County (southeast)
Wichita County (south)
Wallace County (west/Mountain Time border)
Sherman County (northwest/Mountain Time border)
Demographics
At the 2000 census, there were 3,046 people, 1,243 households and 856 families residing in the county. The population density was 3 per square mile (1/km2). There were 1,423 housing units at an average density of 1 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.72% White, 0.59% Black or African American, 0.16% Native American, 0.20% Asian, 0.72% from other races, and 1.61% from two or more races. 1.64% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 1,243 households, of which 29.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.30% were married couples living together, 6.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 31.10% were non-families. 28.60% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.98.
Age distribution was 25.40% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 24.40% from 25 to 44, 22.30% from 45 to 64, and 20.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 93.60 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.00 males.
The median household income was $32,131, and the median family income was $40,104. Males had a median income of $28,105 versus $19,609 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,294. About 4.70% of families and 7.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 7.80% of those under age 18 and 8.60% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Like all the High Plains, Logan County is overwhelmingly Republican. Only two Democrats have ever carried the county in a Presidential election: Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since at least 1888 only three other Democrats have passed forty percent of the county's vote: Roosevelt in 1936, Lyndon Johnson in 1964 and Jimmy Carter in 1976. In fact, apart from Michael Dukakis in 1988 during an election held during the grip of a major Plains drought, no Democrat since 1980 has passed 21 percent of the county's vote.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 2006, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink without a food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Oakley USD 274
Triplains USD 275
Communities
Cities
Oakley
Russell Springs
Winona
Unincorporated communities
Monument
Page City
Ghost towns
McAllaster
Sheridan
Townships
Logan County is divided into eleven townships. None of the cities within the county is considered governmentally independent, and all figures for the townships include those of the cities.
In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
Dry counties
References
Notes
Further reading
External links
County
Logan County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Logan County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1887 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1887
William Marshall (or William Leonard Marshall) (1944-2003) was an Australian author, best known for their Hong Kong-based "Yellowthread Street" mystery novels, some of which were used as the basis for a British TV series.
Career
William Marshall worked as a playwright, journalist, proofreader, and morgue attendant and was a teacher in an Irish prison. They were also the author of several series of police novels set across the globe and in various centuries.
Born in Sydney, Australia in 1944, they lived in Hong Kong, Switzerland, Wales, Ireland, and USA, before returning to Australia in 1983 with their wife and daughter. They died in 2003.
In the Yellowthread Street series, the detectives of the Yellowthread Street police station in fictitious Hong Bay, Hong Kong – DCI Harry Feiffer, a European born and raised in Hong Kong; Senior Inspector Christopher O'Yee, half-Chinese, half-Irish American, and all neurotic; and the ever-bickering team of Inspectors Auden and Spencer – attempt to find the rational basis for inexplicable and seemingly bizarre crimes. The Yellowthread novels show the influence of Ed McBain in their overlapping plot-lines, snappy dialogue, world-weary detectives and often difficult civilians.
Marshall's novels manage to juggle violence, suspense, and slapstick humor in their twist on the police procedural form. They have also written two mystery series based in Manila and late-19th-century New York City, the latter featuring City Detective Virgil Tillman – New York City's "first thinking detective" – and their partner, patrolman Ned Muldoon of the Strong Arm Squad.
Bibliography
Yellowthread Street series
Yellowthread Street (1975)
The Hatchet Man (1976)
Gelignite (1976)
Thin Air (1977)
Skulduggery (1979)
Sci Fi (1981)
Perfect End (1981)
War Machine (1982)
The Far Away Man (1984), London, Secker and Warburg,
Roadshow (1985)
Head First (1986)
Frogmouth (1987)
Out of Nowhere (1988)
Inches (1994)
Nightmare Syndrome (1997)
To the End (1998)
Manila Bay series
Manilla Bay New York, Penguin (1986)
Whisper: a Manila Bay Mystery New York, Viking Press (1988)
Tillman and Muldoon series
New York Detective New York, Mysterious Press (1989)
Faces In The Crowd New York, Mysterious Press edition (1991)
Other works
The Fire Circle Melbourne, Macmillan (1969)
The Age of Death New York, Viking Press (1971)
Shanghai Hamish Hamilton / Pan Books {1979}
References
External links
Bibliography at the National Library of Australia
20th-century Australian novelists
Australian male novelists
Australian crime fiction writers
Australian mystery writers
1944 births
2003 deaths
20th-century Australian male writers
Eberhard Gienger (; born 21 July 1951) is a German politician (CDU) and former West German gymnast. They competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics, winning bronze in the latter.
Gymnastics career
During their gymnastics career from 1971 to 1981, Gienger won 36 German championship titles; one gold and three silver medals in world championships; three gold, two silver and two bronze medals in European championships, and one Olympic bronze medal.
Gienger was an outstanding high bar artist: They won the European Championships in 1973, 1975 and 1981; they won gold in the 1974 World Championships, and won the bronze medal in the 1976 Olympic Games. For these feats they were elected German Sportsman of the Year in 1974 and 1978. The Gienger salto on the high bar and on the uneven bars is named after him.
Political career
Gienger was a member of the German National Olympic Committee from 1986 to 2006, and since 2006 has been the Vice President of the Deutscher Olympischer Sportbund, the successor organization to the German NOC.
Gienger entered politics in 2001 and became a member of the Christian Democratic Union. They have been a member of the German Parliament since the 2002 elections, representing the Neckar-Zaber electoral district of the southern German state of Baden-Württemberg. In parliament, they have since been serving on the Committee on Sports and the Committee on Education, Research and Technology Assessment.
In February 2020, Gienger announced they would not seek reelection in the 2021 German federal election.
References
Further reading
Jo Viellvoye, Josef Göhler: "Eberhard Gienger. Das Abenteuer der Turnkunst" Badenia, Karlsruhe 1978,
Andreas Götze, Jürgen Uhr: "Eberhard Gienger präsentiert Mond-Salto. Die großen Erfinder" Steinmeier, Nördlingen 1994,
External links
Parliamentary home page of Eberhard Gienger
1951 births
Living people
People from Künzelsau
German Protestants
German male artistic gymnasts
Olympic bronze medalists for West Germany
Olympic medalists in gymnastics
Gymnasts at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Gymnasts at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Members of the Bundestag for Baden-Württemberg
Medalists at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the World Artistic Gymnastics Championships
Universiade medalists in gymnastics
Universiade gold medalists for West Germany
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Members of the Bundestag 2009–2013
Members of the Bundestag 2005–2009
Members of the Bundestag 2002–2005
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Democratic Union of Germany
Medalists at the 1973 Summer Universiade
Recipients of the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Recipients of the Order of Merit of Baden-Württemberg
European champions in gymnastics
Mikhail Izrailevich Rabinovich (MIR) (Russian: Михаи́л Изра́илевич Рабино́вич (MИР); born April 20, 1941) is a Russian influential physicist and neuroscientist working in the field of nonlinear dynamics and its applications. Their work helped shape the understanding of dynamical systems.
Biography
Rabinovich was born in 1941 in former Gorky, USSR, into a family of Soviet Jews: Dora Rapoport and Israel Rabinovich. Their father was a professor of physical chemistry at Gorky State University and Mikhail developed an interest in sciences at an early age. At the age of 16 they were accepted to the Radio Physics department of the Gorky State University. In 1963 Rabinovich began working under the supervision of A. Gaponov-Grekhov and in 1967 they received a Ph.D. in physics and mathematics. In 1974, Mikhail receives a D.Sc from the Institute for Physical Problems of the Soviet Academy of Science chaired by Pyotr Kapitsa. In 1986, they co-authored chapters on the evolution of turbulence in the seminal textbook Course of Theoretical Physics (Fluid Mechanics Volume) of Lifshitz and Landau. The book Oscillations and Waves in Linear and Nonlinear Systems was published in 1989. Mikhail Rabinovich became a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences in 1991. In 1992, Mikhail accepted a faculty position at the Institute for Nonlinear Science at UCSD in La Jolla, CA. In the same year a book with Gaponov-Grekhov, Nonlinearities in Action is published. Their first book written in the United States, Introduction to Nonlinear Dynamics for Physicists came out in 1993. In 1999, Mikhail was invited to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences in Vatican to give a lecture on global and complex processes in physics. There they met with Pope John Paul II. In 2000, Mikhail published their latest book on physics The dynamics of Patterns.
Mikhail Rabinovich published over 250 peer reviewed articles in leading scientific journals (Science, Neuron, Journal of Neuroscience, PLoS Computational Biology, Reviews of Modern Physics, Physics of Fluids, Physical Review Letters) that are actively cited (over 3000 citations). In 2012, Rabinovich published their first book on neuroscience Principles of Brain Dynamics: Global State Interactions. Currently they live in La Jolla, California, and is a research scientist in the Bio Circuits Institute at UCSD.
Selected scientific achievements
Mid-1960s - early 1970s: Invention of stable stationary waves in dissipative nonlinear media, with applications to radio electronics, plasma physics, dynamics of lasers.
Late 1960s - early 1970s: Development of asymptotic methods for the analysis of nonlinear processes in distributed systems: novel idea of representation of the right side of equations in a form of expansion of unknown operators, determined from the condition of minimal error in every approximation. The idea was further developed in applied mathematics.
1970's: Fundamental works both theoretical and experimental in “deterministic chaos” and conception of turbulence; received world recognition; see Rabinovich–Fabrikant equations.
1980s: Theoretical and experimental work in dynamics of structures in non-equilibrium media, in particular the discovery of stable particle-like states in dissipative fields.
Mid-1980s - mid-1990s: Discovery of the synchronization phenomenon of various chaotic systems in radio electronics and neuro-dynamics. Among them, the synchronization of bursting neurons in central pattern generators of biological systems.
Early 2000s: Introduced a principle of space-time coding of sensory information in living systems: The Winnerless Competition principle; confirmed by experimental evidence.
2000 - 2006: Proposed a novel dynamics object: “ Stable Heteroclinic Channel” that is present in the phase space of dissipative non-equilibrium system with large number of degrees of freedom. SHC was introduced to describe stable transition processes in neural networks.
2008 - current: Formulated fundamental dynamical principles of brain activity and built dynamical models that describe the interaction between emotional and cognitive functions. These principles are currently being clinically tested.
Selected literary works
Up the hill (2001), .
Rings of time (2002), .
Oars (2005), .
Mim (2009),
References
Personal Website
Famous Rabinoviches in Soviet Union
Russian Academy of Sciences
Rabinovich on Google Scholar
Bio Circuits Institute
1941 births
Living people
Russian Jews
21st-century Russian physicists
Soviet physicists
20th-century Russian physicists
Corresponding Members of the Russian Academy of Sciences
Mya Bollaers () is a Belgian actor.
Career
They rose to prominence with their title role in the 2019 film Lola (Lola vers la mer), in which they played a 18-year-old transgender girl grieving the death of their mother. Them portrayal received general acclaim from film critics, resulting in numerous accolades. At the 10th Magritte Awards, Lola received seven nominations and won two, including Most Promising Actress for Bollaers, becoming the first openly transgender person to be nominated for a Magritte Award.
At the 45th César Awards, Bollaers was selected to compete for the César Award for Most Promising Actress.
Filmography
References
External links
1996 births
21st-century Belgian actores
Belgian film actores
Magritte Award winners
LGBT actors from Belgium
Living people
Actors from Liège
Transgender actores
Agustin Gomez-Arcos (15 January 1939 – 20 March 1998) was a Spanish writer. They were born in Enix, Spain. They studied law but quit university for theater. However, some of their work was banned in Franco's Spain. They emigrated to London in 1966, then to Paris in 1968 and wrote primarily in French, often with themes condemning the Francoist State. They died in Paris of cancer.
In their early years in Spain they wrote a number of plays, notable for their bizarre themes and highly innovative and non-realistic theatrical technique (see S.G. Feldman's study, referenced below). After emigrating to France they wrote many novels, all in French and listed below. Half of them are bitter attacks on Francoist Spain. These won them a considerable French readership (François Mitterrand was a particular admirer), but were unpopular, indeed largely ignored, in Spain, where the attempt was being made to get beyond the fierce antagonism generated by the Spanish Civil War by forgetting about it. The most successful of these novels was 'Ana Non', which is less polemical and concentrates on the grief and bereavement of a widow who has lost their husband and sons in the civil war; it tells of their slow, sad journey through a Spain alien to them on their way to see their one surviving son, imprisoned for life, whom they find dead on their arrival at their prison. In the English-speaking world more attention was paid to their first novel, 'The Carnivorous Lamb', which gives a highly sympathetic account of a passionate sexual relationship between two brothers; this is the most extreme example of the writer's anarchistic antinomianism.
Novels
L'Agneau carnivore, 1975; won the 1975 Hermès Prize. (Translated from the original French by William Rodarmor as The Carnivorous Lamb for David Godine, Boston in 1984; reprinted in 2007 by Arsenal Press, Vancouver.)
Maria Republica, 1976
Ana non, 1977; won the 1977 Livre Inter prize, the 1978 Roland Dorgelès Prize and the Thyde Monnier Prize
Scène de chasse (furtive), 1978
Pré-papa ou Roman de fées, 1979
L'enfant miraculée, 1981
L'enfant pain, 1983
Un oiseau brûlé vif, 1984 (A Bird Burned Alive, 1988)
Bestiaire, 1986
L'homme à genoux, 1989
L'aveuglon, 1990
Mère Justice, 1992
La femme d'emprunt, 1993
L'ange de chair, 1995
References
Sharon G. Feldman, Allegories of Dissent: The Theatre of Agustin Gomez-Arcos (1999).
External links
Biography in the Anarchist Encyclopedia (EN)
Biography (ES)
Spanish writers in French
20th-century Spanish novelists
1933 births
1998 deaths
Spanish male dramatists and playwrights
Spanish gay writers
Spanish LGBT novelists
LGBT dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Spanish dramatists and playwrights
Spanish male novelists
Prix du Livre Inter winners
20th-century Spanish male writers
LGBT history in Spain
20th-century LGBT people
The Bureau of Engraving and Printing (BEP) is a government agency within the United States Department of the Treasury that designs and produces a variety of security products for the United States government, most notable of which is Federal Reserve Notes (paper money) for the Federal Reserve, the nation's central bank. In addition to paper currency, the BEP produces Treasury securities; military commissions and award certificates; invitations and admission cards; and many different types of identification cards, forms, and other special security documents for a variety of government agencies. The BEP does not produce coins; all coinage is produced by the United States Mint. With production facilities in Washington, D.C., and Fort Worth, Texas, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing is the largest producer of government security documents in the United States.
History
The Bureau of Engraving and Printing has its origins in legislation enacted to help fund the Civil War. In July 1861, Congress authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to issue paper currency in lieu of coins due to the lack of funds needed to support the conflict. The paper notes were essentially government IOUs and were called Demand Notes because they were payable "on demand" in coin at certain Treasury facilities. At this time the government had no facility for the production of paper money so a private firm produced the Demand Notes in sheets of four. These sheets were then sent to the Treasury Department where dozens of clerks signed the notes and scores of workers cut the sheets and trimmed the notes by hand. The Second Legal Tender Act (July 11, 1862; ) authorized the Treasury Secretary to engrave and print notes at the Treasury Department; the design of which incorporates fine-line engraving, intricate geometric lathe work patterns, a Treasury seal, and engraved signatures to aid in counterfeit deterrence.
Initially, the currency processing operations in the Treasury were not formally organized. When Congress created the Office of Comptroller of the Currency and National Currency Bureau in 1863, currency-processing operations were nominally subordinated to that agency and designated the "First Division, National Currency Bureau". For years, however, the currency operations were known by various semi-official labels, such as the "Printing Bureau", "Small Note Bureau", "Currency Department", and "Small Note Room". It was not until 1874 that the "Bureau of Engraving and Printing" was officially recognized in congressional legislation with a specific allocation of operating funds for the fiscal year of 1875.
From almost the very beginning of its operations, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing designed and printed a variety of products in addition to currency. As early as 1864, the offices which would later become the BEP made passports for the State Department and money orders for the Post Office Department. Passports are now produced by the Government Publishing Office. Other early items produced by the BEP included various government debt instruments, such as interest-bearing notes, refunding certificates, compound interest Treasury notes, and bonds. The production of postage stamps began in 1894, and for almost the next century the BEP was the sole producer of postage stamps in the country.
Production
Postage stamp production
The Bureau of Engraving and Printing officially took over production of postage stamps for the United States government in July 1894. The first of the works printed by the BEP was placed on sale on July 18, 1894, and by the end of the first year of stamp production, the BEP had printed and delivered more than 2.1 billion stamps. The United States Postal Service switched purely to private postage stamp printers in 2005, ending 111 years of production by the Bureau. Starting in 2011 the United States Postal Service in-housed all postage stamp printing services.
Currency production
Plate capacity on power presses increased from four to eight notes per sheet in 1918 in order to meet the greatly expanded production requirements related to World War I.
With the redesign of currency in 1929, the first major change since paper currency was first issued in 1861, note design was not only standardized but note size was also significantly reduced. Due to this reduction in size, the Bureau was able to convert from eight-note printing plates to twelve-note plates. The redesign effort came about for several reasons, chief among them a reduction in paper costs and improved counterfeit deterrence through better public recognition of currency features.
A further increase in the number of notes per sheet was realized in 1952 after breakthrough developments in the production of non-offset inks. Beginning in 1943, the BEP experimented with new inks that dried faster, therefore obviating the need to place tissues between sheets to prevent ink from offsetting to other sheets. The faster drying ink also enabled printed sheets of backs to be kept damp until the faces were printed, thereby reducing distortion caused by wetting, drying, and re-wetting of the paper (sheets needed to be dampened before each printing).
By reducing the distortion that increases proportionally with the size of the sheet of paper, the Bureau was able to convert from 12-note printing plates to plates capable of printing 18 notes in 1952. Five years later in 1957, the Bureau began printing currency via the dry intaglio method that utilizes special paper and non-offset inks, enabling a further increase from 18 to 32 notes per sheet. Since 1968, all currency has been printed by means of the dry intaglio process, whereby wetting of the paper prior to printing is unnecessary. In this process, fine-line engravings are transferred to steel plates from which an impression is made on sheets of distinctive paper. Ink is applied to a plate containing 32 note impressions, which is then wiped clean, leaving ink in the engraved lines. The plate is pressed against the sheet of paper with such pressure as to actually press the paper into the lines of the plate to pick up the ink. Both faces and backs are printed in this manner – backs first. After the faces are printed, the sheets are then typographically overprinted with Treasury Seals and serial numbers.
During Fiscal Year 2013, the Bureau delivered 6.6 billion notes at an average cost of 10 cents per note.
Locations
The Bureau of Engraving and Printing has two locations: one in Washington, D.C., and another in Fort Worth, Texas.
District of Columbia location
The Washington facility consists of two adjacent buildings. The elder, considered the main building and located between 14th and 15th streets SW, was constructed in 1914. The architectural style of the main building is neoclassical. It has a steel superstructure with fireproof concrete, Indiana limestone, and granite trim exterior. The main façade of the building faces Raoul Wallenberg Place (15th St), the Tidal Basin, and the Jefferson Memorial, with stone columns spanning the length of the building's front. The building is deep and high with four wings that extend back toward 14th Street. The building is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places as Auditor's Building Complex.
In May 1938, work was completed on an addition to the Washington, D.C., facility to accommodate increases in personnel and production. The annex building, as it is called, is located on 14th Street, between C and D streets SW, just opposite the main building. The building is long, wide, and made entirely of reinforced concrete with a limestone façade. The structure consists of a central backbone running from 14th Street to 13th Street with five wings extending north and south from the backbone.
The Washington, D.C., location offers a free 30-minute guided tour which features the various phases of currency production. Tours may be taken Monday through Friday. The Bureau is closed for all federal holidays and the week between Christmas and New Year's Day.
Fort Worth location
In 1987, construction began on a second facility in Fort Worth, Texas. In addition to meeting increased production requirements, a western location was seen to serve as a contingency operation in case of emergencies in the DC metropolitan area; additionally, costs for transporting currency to Federal Reserve banks in San Francisco, Dallas, and Kansas City would be reduced. Currency production began in December 1990 at the Fort Worth facility, and the official dedication took place on April 26, 1991. Any currency printed at Fort Worth includes a small "FW", usually located to the left of the bill's face plate number, and most also have larger backplate numbers.
Historic locations
The Bureau moved into its own building in 1880 with the completion of a facility at 14th St. and Independence Ave. SW, now the Sidney Yates Building. An addition was built on the south side of the building in 1891. The Bureau relocated to its present Washington location, just south of the original building, in 1914.
Future locations
On April 27, 2022, Maryland Governor Larry Hogan announced that the BEP would move from their historic Washington, D.C. location to Beltsville, MD at the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Beltsville Agricultural Research Center (BARC). The U.S. Department of Treasury was transferred ownership of 114 acres within BARC from the Department of Agriculture for a future facility estimated to be completed in early 2027.
BEP Police
The Bureau operates a police department, the Bureau of Engraving and Printing Police Force, that protects BEP personnel and facilities. The BEP Police are responsible for enforcing federal and local laws, Treasury Department rules and regulations, Washington, DC Criminal Code through a Memorandum of Understanding, and Texas Criminal Code. In 2004, 234 Police officers were employed.
See also
US Treasury specimen book
Charles R. Chickering, chief stamp designer for BEP
Federal Reserve System
Title 31 of the Code of Federal Regulations
United States Mint Police
United States Treasury Police
Who's Minding the Mint?, a 1967 film with the D.C. Bureau of Engraving and Printing as its setting
References
External links
BEP Annual Production Figures
BEP Monthly Production Figures
BEP production figures broken down by month, as well as some other currency-related articles
Bureau of Engraving and Printing
Tourist attractions in Washington, D.C.
Engraving and Printing
Government agencies established in 1862
Banknote printing companies
1862 establishments in the United States
Gałęzów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Żmudź, east of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Kessleria helvetica is a moth of the family Yponomeutidae. It is found in Switzerland.
The length of the forewings is 6.9–7 mm for males and 6.2-7.3 mm for females. The forewings are white with light and dark brown scales. The hindwings are light grey. Adults are on wing from the beginning of June to the end of August.
References
Moths described in 1992
Yponomeutidae
Dynoides barnardii is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
barnardii
How Soon Is Now? () is a 2007 Swedish drama television serial directed by Mikael Marcimain. The narrative portrays four people who grow up in Gothenburg between 1966 and 1976. The serial was produced for Sveriges Television, from a screenplay by Peter Birro.
Cast
Sverrir Gudnason as Tommy Berglund
Fanny Risberg as Lena Lindblom
Simon J. Berger as Erik Westfeldt
Ruth Vega Fernandez as Rebecka Söderström
Johan Kylén as Ingvar Berglund
Anna Bjelkerud as Karin Berglund
Mikaela Knapp as Anna Berglund
Ida Redig as Annica
References
External links
2007 Swedish television series debuts
2007 Swedish television series endings
2000s Swedish television series
Swedish drama television series
Swedish television miniseries
Sheila Christine Taormina (born March 18, 1969) is an American former athlete who competed at four Olympics (1996, 2000, 2004, 2008), and was the first woman to qualify for the Olympics in three different sports (swimming, triathlon and modern pentathlon). At the 1996 Summer Olympics, they earned a gold medal as a member of the winning U.S. team in the women's 4×200-meter freestyle relay. They were inducted in 2009 into the USA Triathlon Hall of Fame, and in 2015 into the Michigan Sports Hall of Fame.
Personal life
Born in 1969, Taormina is one of eight children, and is a twin. For a year in 2002-2003 they were subject to stalking resulting in five years' probation for the stalker then, after they violated probation by the continued stalking of Taormina, up to five years in prison.
Swimmer
While swimming for the Georgia Bulldogs swimming and diving team, Taormina earned a Bachelor of Business Administration in 1992 and a Master of Business Administration in 1994 from the University of Georgia (UGA). They captained Georgia's 1991 team, won All-America honors all four years of their collegiate career and won the Southeastern Conference (SEC) title in the 400-meter individual medley as a senior. They were the first UGA swimmer to win an Olympic gold medal and the first UGA athlete to make the Olympic team in multiple sports.
Triathlete
Taormina competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia. They took sixth place with a total time of 2:02:45.91. Them split times were 19:02.78 for the swim, 1:06:24.30 for the cycling, and 0:37:18.83 for the run.
In 2004, Taormina won the ITU Triathlon World Championship title while residing in Clermont, Florida. In the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, they again competed in the triathlon. Them time was 2:09:21.08 as they finished in 23rd place.
Modern pentathlon
After Athens, Taormina embarked on a new sport, the modern pentathlon, winning the women's senior division of the 2005 Pan American Championships. They were successful in qualifying in the modern pentathlon for the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, making them the first female athlete to qualify for the Olympics in three different sports. Taormina finished 19th in the 2008 Olympic event.
Teaching and writing
Taormina has dedicated time to teaching, coaching and conducting seminars around the world and has authored three top-selling guides: Swim Speed Secrets, Swim Speed Workouts, and Swim Speed Strokes.
See also
Georgia Bulldogs
List of Olympic medalists in swimming (women)
List of University of Georgia people
Dual sport and multi-sport Olympians
References
External links
Sheila Taormina's U.S. Olympic Team bio
"Sheila Taormina", n°21 on Times list of "100 Olympic Athletes To Watch"
1969 births
Living people
American female freestyle swimmers
American female modern pentathletes
American people of Italian descent
American female triathletes
Georgia Bulldogs women's swimmers
Modern pentathletes at the 2007 Pan American Games
Modern pentathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in swimming
Olympic modern pentathletes of the United States
Olympic triathletes of the United States
Sportspeople from Livonia, Michigan
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Universiade medalists in swimming
Universiade gold medalists for the United States
Universiade silver medalists for the United States
Medalists at the 1991 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1993 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
is a railway station in Funabashi, Chiba, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East) and the private railway operator Tobu Railway.
Lines
Funabashi Station is served by the JR East Sōbu Main Line and from the starting point of that line at Tokyo Station. It also forms the eastern terminus of the Tōbu Urban Park Line (Tōbu Noda Line). Passengers can also transfer to nearby Keisei Funabashi Station on the Keisei Main Line.
JR East
The JR East station has two elevated island platforms, with the station building located underneath. The station has a "Midori no Madoguchi" staffed ticket office and also a "View Plaza" travel agency.
Platforms
Tobu
The Tobu station is elevated and consists of a single elevated island platform serving two tracks, with an elevated station building underneath. Access to the JR East station is by a ground-level concourse.
Platforms
History
What is now the JR East Funabashi Station opened on 20 July 1894. The Tobu station opened on 27 December 1923. The JR East (formerly JNR) station opened on 20 July 1952. It became an elevated structure from 26 October 1983. From 17 March 2012, station numbering was introduced on the Tobu Noda Line, with Funabashi Station becoming "TD-35".
Platform edge doors were installed on the Tobu Urban Park Line platforms in early February 2014.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2014, the JR East station was used by an average of 135,322 passengers daily (boarding passengers only), making it the 23rd-busiest station operated by JR East. The passenger figures for the JR East station for previous years are as shown below.
In fiscal 2012, the Tobu station was used by an average of 112,000 passengers daily (entering and exiting passengers).
Surrounding area
Keisei Funabashi Station ( Keisei Main Line)
Funabashi FACE
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
JR East station information
Tobu station information
Railway stations in Chiba Prefecture
Stations of East Japan Railway Company
Stations of Tobu Railway
Tobu Noda Line
Funabashi
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1894
Be Ever Wonderful is the third Japanese studio album by S.E.S. It was released on May 24, 2000 under VAP.
Singles
"Love" was the first single from the album and the group's sixth full Japanese single. It was released on April 21, 2000, and sold approximately 5,000 copies.
Track listing
Love~ (4:12)
Round & Round (4:15)
Round & Round (Again And Again Mix) (4:15)
Love~ (Instrumental) (4:12)
"The Aurora" was the second single from the album, and the group's overall "6.5" Japanese single. It was released July 21, 2000, and sold approximately 3,000 copies.
Track listing
海のオーロラ (Single Version)
海のオーロラ (Northern Lights Mix)
海のオーロラ (Blizzard Mix)
海のオーロラ (Instrumental)
Album track listing
Brand New ★ World (3:52)
Do & Be (4:02)
A Song For You (4:31)
W/O/U (4:43)
Love~いつまでもオンジェ・カジナ~ (4:12)
To: My Sweety Lover (3:48)
海のオーロラ (5:14)
Life -this is the power- (3:49)
Miracle (4:01)
Round & Round (4:09)
Love~いつまでもオンジェ・カジナ~(GRASS ROOTS MIX) (4:07)
External links
S.E.S.' Official Site
SM Entertainment's Official Site
2000 albums
S.E.S. (group) albums
Hakeem Shaker (; born 7 January 1963 in Baghdad, Iraq), is a former Iraqi football player and manager. At some point between late 2012 and early 2013, Hakeem was the first and only Iraqi coach to manage three Iraqi national teams (Iraq senior team, Olympic team and Youth team) at the same time.
Coaching career
Iraq U-20
In 2011 Hakeem Shaker was appointed as Iraq U-20 coach and they led Iraq to qualify to the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship finals without any loss in the qualifications and reached the 2012 AFC U-19 Championship final undefeated, only to lose to South Korea on Penalty kicks 1-4 after 1–1 draw, leading Iraq to qualify to the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup in Turkey.
Iraq Olympic Team
In 2012 Hakeem was appointed as Iraq Olympic Team in the same time as being the coach of the Iraq U-20 coach. Hakeem leads the Olympic team to qualify to the 2013 AFC U-22 Asian Cup passing the qualifications without any loss.
Iraq national football team
In December 2012, after the resignation of Iraq national football team coach Zico, and being one week from the 2012 WAFF Championship kickoff, an emergency call made by Iraq Football Association to appoint Hakeem Shaker to be Iraq national football team temporary coach and caretaker until a new coach would be appointed. Hakeem led Iraq to reach the 2012 WAFF Championship final undefeated but lost the final to Syria 0–1. Later in January 2013, similar scenario occurred when Hakeem led Iraq to the 21st Arabian Gulf Cup finale after 4 Consecutive wins, defeating Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Yemen, and Bahrain, but failing to defeat UAE in the final, UAE won in the extra time 1–2.
On January 24, 2013, Hakeem Shaker was supposed to be appointed officially as the Iraq national team head coach and to lead Iraq in the 2015 AFC Asian Cup qualification, however despite the win against Indonesia 1–0 in the first match in the qualifications, on February 8, 2013, Hakeem decided to leave the Iraq first team to another coach and focus on the Iraq U-20 team in the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Iraq U-20
In the 2013 FIFA U-20 World Cup Hakeem led Iraq to 4th place for the first time in Iraq history after winning Iraq's group over Chile 2–1, Egypt 2–1, and a draw with England 2-2. Then in the round of 16 Iraq won over Paraguay 1–0, then on quarterfinals won over the Asian champions South Korea on Penalty kicks 5-4 after a draw 3-3. However, in the semifinals Iraq loses on Penalty kicks 6-7 by Uruguay after a draw 1-1. In the 3rd place match Iraq had their first defeat to Ghana 0–3.
Iraq Olympic Team
On latter half of 2014, failed to win the 2014 Asian Games gold medal after Iraq U23 loss in the semi-finals against North Korea U23 in the 2014 Asian Games Although participated Younis Mahmoud & Salam Shaker and Mahdi Karim and most of the national team players. Then a poor result with two draws in friendly matches against Yemen and Bahrain and a defeat with Peru, and following Iraq defeat to Kuwait & UAE, draw against Oman in 22nd Arabian Gulf Cup, were eliminated in the group stages. Due to this after a run of poor results, the FA decided they sacked on 29 November 2014.
Al-Suwaiq
In October 2016, they signed with Oman Professional League team Al-Suwaiq, the club finished 6th in the league that season. On 26 March 2018, they returned to Al-Suwaiq with signing contract. the team was at the top of the league four points clear of the nearest rival before taking over. They ended up with winning the league with the Omani team.
Al-Zawraa
On 26 February 2019, Shaker signed for the Al-Zawraa, after the resignation of Ayoub Odisho. They led the team through the AFC Champions League. The team collected 8 points but failed to advance to the next round. The team made impressive games against Al-Wasl F.C. in two games winning 5-0 Karbala Sports City stadium, and 5–1 in Zabeel Stadium. And drawing with Zob Ahan SC 0–0 with 5 days to prepare. But also losing 4–1 to Al-Nassr FC. Zawraaqualified to the final by winning Amanat Baghdad 2–0, and Al-Quwa Al-Jawiya 4–1. The team played Al-Kahrabaa FC in the final and ended up winning 1-0 by the goal of Safaa Hadi.
Managerial statistics
Managerial honours
Club
Al-Jaish FC (Iraq)
Iraq FA Cup: 1994-1995 (Runner-Up)
Al-Difaa Al-Jawi
Al-Quds International Championship: 1999
Ararat
Kurdistan Regional Cup: 2006
Al-Suwaiq
Sultan Qaboos Cup: 2016-17
Oman Professional League: 2017-18
Al-Zawraa
Iraq FA Cup: 2018-19
International
Iraq U-23
AFC U-23 Championship: 2013
Asian Games: 2014 (Bronze Medal)
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Iraqi footballers
Iraqi football managers
Iraqi Shia Muslims
Sportspeople from Baghdad
Al-Shorta SC players
Al-Shorta SC managers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Al-Zawraa SC managers
Iraq national football team managers
Acacia anfractuosa is a shrub or tree of the genus Acacia and the subgenus Plurinerves that is endemic to Western Australia.
Description
The spindly to diffuse or weeping shrub or tree typically grows to a height of . The pendulous, flexuose and glabrous branchlets have resinous new shoots. The green to grey-green, linear phyllodes are widely and strongly incurved. They are on length and wide with a wide yellowish central nerve and one to three finer parallel intervening nerves. It blooms from July to December and produces yellow flowers. The simple inflorescences occur singly or in pairs in the axils. The spherical to widely ellipsoid shaped flower-heads contain 22 to 32 densely packed golden flowers and are around in length with a diameter of . The linear, curved, dark brown seed pods with yellow margins form after flowering. The pods are raised and constricted between seeds and have a length of around and a width of . The glossy mottled brown linear-elliptic shaped seeds within the pods are in length.
Taxonomy
The species was first formally described by the botanist Bruce Maslin in 1976 as part of the work Studies in the genus Acacia (Mimosaceae) - Miscellaneous new phyllodinous species as published in the journal Nuytsia. It was reclassified as Racosperma anfractuosum by Leslie Pedley in 2003 and then transferred back to the genus Acacia in 2006.
It is quite closely related to Acacia sciophanes and also similar in appearance to Acacia heteroneura and Acacia merinthophora.
Distribution
The shrub native to an area in the Wheatbelt and Goldfields-Esperance regions of Western Australia and is found between Bruce Rock in the west to Coolgardie in the east. It is found on sandplains growing as a part of heath or scrubland communities in sandy soils.
See also
List of Acacia species
References
anfractuosa
Acacias of Western Australia
Plants described in 1976
Taxa named by Bruce Maslin
New Life Radio is a satellite radio network, based in Odessa, Ukraine. Formerly based in Moscow, relocating in 2019 after numerous restrictive Russian federal laws on religion, the press, and Internet regulation forced a decision to change locations, The NLR network broadcasts Christian programming throughout Russia, Eastern Europe, and the Middle East via Hot Bird and Yamal 401 satellites; and by Internet radio at www.NLRadio.net. New Life Radio was configured as Russia's first satellite radio station, designed to transmit in a direct to home satellite broadcast mode to individual homes equipped with free to air satellite receivers.
History
New Life Radio (NLR) began as Russia's first Christian FM radio station, transmitting on 102.5 MHz in the city of Magadan, Russia (1996). Sensing the need to make Christian programming available in every community throughout the former Soviet Union, the station's management entered into a partnership with the Evangelical Covenant Church denomination (based in Chicago, Illinois) and HCJB World Radio (noted for developing the world's first Christian shortwave radio station in the early 1930s from Quito, Ecuador). The partnership goal was to develop a satellite broadcast operation in Moscow, as made possible by the launch of the LMI satellite, a cooperative satellite venture between Lockheed Martin (a US aerospace company) and Intersputnik, a Russian government controlled satellite organization that allowed for first time transmission of direct to home satellite broadcast signals throughout the territory of Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus. LMI was launched on September 27, 1999 from a Russian proton rocket from the Baikonour Space launch facility in Kazakhstan.
During 1999, Dr. Daniel Johnson was assigned to coordinate the initiation of the radio service, and in that year, set up radio studios inside a restricted access government communication facility located on Nikolskaya Street, directly across from the Kremlin on Red Square in Moscow. As soon as LMI's testing period was completed, the satellite radio service, now known as the New Life Radio Satellite Network, commenced operations over LMI in January 2001. LMI was renamed ABS, after its sale to a telecom company based in Hong Kong.
In 2012, New Life Radio Moscow delivered Christian programming in a non-denominational, non-commercial format to a global Russian-speaking audience on a variety of broadcast media platforms, including the Hot Bird satellite at 13 degrees east, the Tricolor TV Network, using the Eutelsat W4 satellite, and on multiple streaming formats at www.NLRadio.net. The radio network (2020) is registered as a non-commercial partnership organization in Odessa, Ukraine and is licensed as a mass media organization under the laws of Ukraine as RADIO NOVIE ZHITTYA-New Life Radio. Its US-based radio partner is Christian Radio For Russia, a 501(c)3 non-profit organization registered in the State of Illinois, with offices in Jamestown, New York (www.CRFR.org).
References
For a quick list of references, google:
"NEW LIFE RADIO Satellite Network"
"Christian Radio for Russia"
Satellite radio stations
Christian radio stations in Europe
Radio stations in Russia
Mass media in Moscow
Niaosong District () is a rural district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.
History
After the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945, Niaosong was organized as a rural township of Kaohsiung County. On 25 December 2010, Kaohsiung County was merged with Kaohsiung City and Niaosong was upgraded to a district of the city.
Geography
It has 43,937 inhabitants in 2016.
Administrative divisions
The district consists of Diaosong, Mengli, Dahua, Dipu, Renmei, Dazhu and Huamei Village.
Government institutions
Radiation Monitoring Center
Education
Cheng Shiu University
Tourist attractions
Chengcing Lake
Chengcing Lake Baseball Stadium
Dharma Drum Mountain Zi Yun Temple (法鼓山紫云寺)
Kaohsiung Grand Hotel
Niaosong Wetland Park
Notable natives
Huang Shihui, writer
See also
District (Taiwan)
References
External links
Districts of Kaohsiung
Razboyna () is a village located in the northeastern part of Bulgaria in Targovishte Municipality, Targovishte Province.
Razboyna is situated at the northern foot of the Preslav Mountain just by the ring road of Targovishte. The village lies in the vicinity of the Polyanitsa Reservoir. Although it has its own mayoralty, the village is considered as a quarter or suburb of the town of Targovishte. It is connected to the town's public transport system.
The majority of Razboyna's population consist of Turks who are Sunni Muslims, closely followed by Bulgarians who are Orthodox Christians. Its population have mostly settled in Razboyna during the communist rule. There is a community centre (chitalishte) in the village, registered as number 2750 by the Ministry of Culture (Bulgaria). The road that pass through Razboyna leads to a forest land, called Sondite, which is part of the Preslav Mountain. The site is known for its glades filled with lilac shrubs and red peonies.
Gallery
Notes
References
Razboyna Guide
Official Government Registration List
External links
Satellite Map
Villages in Targovishte Province
P. superba may refer to:
Pangio superba, a ray-finned fish species
Powelliphanta superba, a land snail species endemic to New Zealand
See also
Superba (disambiguation)
MJK may refer to:
Maynard James Keenan (born 1964), American rock singer
Marinejegerkommandoen, Norwegian maritime special operation forces unit
Shark Bay Airport, IATA airport code "MJK"
Joseph C. Brannigan (July 16, 1931 – January 17, 2015) was an American social worker and politician from Maine. Brannigan served as a Democratic State Senator from Maine's 10th District, representing part of Portland and Westbrook. Prior to joining the State Senate, they represented part of suburban Portland in District 117 from 2000 to 2006 in the Maine House of Representatives.
Education and career
Brannigan studied at the Georgetown University School of Foreign Service from 1951-55. After graduating, they attended Saint John's Seminary in Boston, Massachusetts, where they later became an ordained priest. They served in South Portland and Fairfield, Maine while also serving as chaplain at the University of Southern Maine (USM). They then completed a master's degree in Counseling Education from USM and became a social worker. In 2009, Brannigan retired after 34 years as director of Shalom House, a halfway house in Portland. In February 2012, Brannigan announced that they would not seek re-election, citing a lack of enthusiasm and the loss of their committee chairpersonship when the Maine Republican Party took control of the Maine Senate in the 2010 election. They were replaced by Democratic Representative Anne Haskell. They died on January 17, 2015 in Portland, Maine.
References
1931 births
2015 deaths
Walsh School of Foreign Service alumni
University of Southern Maine alumni
Politicians from Portland, Maine
Members of the Maine House of Representatives
Maine state senators
Maine Democrats
American Roman Catholic priests
21st-century American politicians
Saint John's Seminary (Massachusetts) alumni
Catholics from Maine
The Union of Indigenous Communities of the Isthmus Region (, or UCIRI), is a farmer's cooperative in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico. It was established in 1982 to assist in production, marketing and distribution of locally produced coffee and other products.
UCIRI was a pioneer of organic coffee production and one of the first fair trade suppliers.
Early days
Until the late 1970s the small coffee farmers of the Santa Maria Guienagati and Guevea de Humboldt municipalities in the Tehuantepec District of the Istmo Region of Oaxaca did not have roads and transport to get their product to market, and lacked bargaining power with the freelance coffee buyers. However, loggers built rough roads in the 1970s, and the roads were maintained after the loggers left or were driven out. The producers began selling direct to Inmecafe, the Mexican Institute of Coffee, which paid more than the middlemen.
In 1982 the farmers of the two municipalities, with advice from a Jesuit mission team from the Diocese of Tehuantepec, formed the UCIRI to help gain better prices for their coffee crop. They were later joined by farmers from other communities in the Sierra Mixe and northern Isthmus region.
UCIRI gained legal status in 1983 and established contact with ARIC (Asociaciones Rurales de Interés Colectivo), a growers organization which had part of the Mexican export quota under the International Coffee Agreement.
Early years were difficult. The cooperative struggled to obtain financing and faced bureaucratic obstacles. They had to learn the many processes involved in producing and delivering a consistent product, from buying sacks to quality control and transport.
They also had to learn all the financial aspects of running a business.
Expansion
By 1986 the cooperative was producing more than the 8,000 sacks of coffee that could be absorbed by the "alternative trade" movement.
The UCIRI launched an appeal that led directly to the creation of the Dutch Max Havelaar Foundation, which now unites 23 fair trade producer and labelling initiatives.
The Max Havelaar label, the world's first Fairtrade Certification Mark, was officially launched by Stichting Max Havelaar on 15 November 1988.
One of the founders of Max Havelaar, Frans van der Hoff, later joined the staff of UCIRI.
At first the government was hostile to the cooperative. On two occasions army units occupied UCIRI installations.
Later it gained increasing respect from the state and federal governments.
In 1997 the President of Mexico, Ernesto Zedillo, awarded the UCIRI the National Prize for ecological merits.
By 1998 UCIRI included 49 communities in 19 municipalities with 2,050 members.
In 1999 the cooperative sold 279 tons under FLO conditions.
The dependence on Fair Trade steadily dropped from 85% in 1988 to 43% in 1999, with increasing volumes sold in the organic and domestic markets. As a pioneer in organic production, UCIRI is able to command premium prices.
By 2002, the UCIRI had expanded beyond the original Santa Maria Guienagati and Guevea de Humboldt municipalities to include Santo Domingo Petapa, Santiago Lachiguiri, Santiago Ixcuintepec, Santiago Atitlan, San Lucas Camotlan, San Juan Lachao, San Juan Mazatlan, San Juan Guichicovi, San Juan Cotzocon, Santa Catarina Juquila, San Juan Juquila Mixes, San Carlos Yautepec, Nejapa de Madero, San Miguel Quetzaltepec, San Pedro Huilotepec, Santa Maria Alotepec, Santiago Camotlan and Santo Domingo Tehuantepec.
UCIRI now exports to Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland and the USA.
Operations
The organization is structured along grassroots democratic lines.
Each community that is part of UCIRI names a board of directors and officials responsible for different aspects of the programs who serve for one or two years. Community representatives assemble in Lachiviza, Guienagati for two days each month to discuss issues and plans. The representatives then bring back reports from the assembly meetings for further discussion at local meetings.
At the central level, UCIRI has a four-person Administrative Council and a four-person Monitoring Council, each of whom are elected for three-year terms.
The cooperative gives technical and financial assistance for local manufacture, handling storage and transportation as well as national and international marketing of the products, of which the most important is coffee.
As the UCIRI has matured it has paid increased attention to the requirements of women and youth, health, education and nutrition.
The concepts pioneered by the UCIRI have been adopted by a number of other organizations in Chiapas, Oaxaca, and Guatemala.
In 2003, the Fair Trade Research Group at Colorado State University conducted seven case studies of Latin American Fairtrade coffee producers including UCIRI and concluded that Fair Trade has "in a short time greatly improved the well-being of small-scale coffee farmers and their families".
References
Fair trade organizations
Oaxaca
Alpha is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. Alpha is located south-southeast of Washington. It is situated at an elevation of above sea level. Alpha had a post office during the period of 1855–1862.
The Alpha Hydraulic Diggings were south of the town.
Gold
Gold was discovered at the place 1850; settlers arrived in 1852. In gold rush days, the town's nickname was "Hell Out for High Noon City".
Notable residents
Emma Nevada, opera singer (birthplace)
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Populated places established in 1852
1852 establishments in California
KNBZ (97.7 FM, "Sunny 97.7") is a radio station in Aberdeen, South Dakota (licensed to serve Redfield). The station is owned by Prairie Winds Broadcasting, Inc. It airs an adult contemporary music format.
The station was assigned the KNBZ call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on September 2, 1997.
Notable weekday programming includes J Krenz (6am-10am), Bri Matthews (10am-2pm), Les Cummings (2pm-7pm) and the syndicated John Tesh program (7pm-Midnight). Featured weekend programs include Backtrax USA, Jim Brickman, The Weekly Pop 20, Dave Koz, The 70's Show with Cindy Barton. The station aired AT 10 with Casey Kasem.
Ownership, history and programming
In mid-1996, KGIM-AM was acquired by Pheasant Country Broadcasting, owned by Robert E. Ingstad and plans were made to launch two 100,000-watt FM counterparts. KGIM-FM 103.7 was launched June 12, 1997 with a country music format and branded Pheasant Country 103. KNBZ-FM 97.7 was launched July 20, 1999 with an Adult AC format and branded Z97. The majority of its programing (excluding a local morning show) came from ABC Radio's Best Hits Best Variety satellite format.
In the fall of 2004, as part of a reorganization by the Ingstad family, Aberdeen Radio Ranch Inc. (Robert J. Ingstad, co-president) agreed to acquire KGIM-AM/FM, KNBZ-FM and KQKD-AM from Robert E. Ingstad (Pheasant Country Broadcasting) The transaction price was not disclosed.
Late 2004, Aberdeen Radio Ranch's Rob and Todd Ingstad of Valley City, ND signed an agreement to acquire five Clear Channel-Aberdeen, SD stations: KKAA-AM, KSDN-AM/FM, KBFO-FM, KQAA-FM. In separate transactions, Aberdeen Radio Ranch agreed to convey the assets of three of its stations to other companies, leaving the Ingstads with six area stations: KGIM-AM/FM, KBFO-FM, KSDN-AM/FM and KNBZ-FM. The Sacramento-based Education Media Foundation picked up KQAA-FM. Oakland-based Family Stations acquired KKAA-AM and KQKD-AM. The studios were relocated from the Berkshire Plaza to a newly remodeled south highway 281 building that houses the KSDN-AM/FM transmitters. KNBZ-FM's format was changed to Oldies and rebranded Kool 97.7 to fill the void of the departed KQAA-FM.
In May 2006, Armada Media Corporation reached an agreement to acquire KBFO, KGIM, KGIM-FM, KNBZ, KSDN, and KSDN-FM from Aberdeen Radio Ranch for a reported $9.25 million. KNBZ-FM's format was changed once again from Oldies to Adult Contemporary and rebranded as Sunny 97.7.
On November 1, 2013, Prairie Winds Broadcasting, Inc. reached an agreement to acquire KBFO, KGIM, KGIM-FM, KNBZ, KSDN, and KSDN-FM from Armada Media for $5.3 million.
References
External links
KNBZ official website
NBZ
Mainstream adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Spink County, South Dakota
Radio stations established in 1997
The Police Battalion 309 (Polizeibattalion 309) was a formation of the Order Police (uniformed police) during the Nazi era. During Operation Barbarossa, it was subordinated to the German Army's 221st Security Division and deployed in German-occupied areas, specifically the Army Group Centre Rear Area, of the Soviet Union, as part of Wehrmacht's security forces. Alongside detachments from the Einsatzgruppen and the SS Cavalry Brigade, it perpetrated mass murders and was responsible for large-scale crimes against humanity targeting civilian populations.
Background and formation
The German Order Police was a key instrument of the security apparatus of Nazi Germany. In the prewar period, Heinrich Himmler, the head of the SS, and Kurt Daluege, chief of the Order Police, cooperated in transforming the police force of the Weimar Republic into militarised formations ready to serve the regime's aims of conquest and racial annihilation. The police units participated in the annexation of Austria and the occupation of Czechoslovakia. Police troops were first formed into battalion-sized formations for the invasion of Poland, where they were deployed for security and policing purposes, also taking part in executions and mass deportations.
Twenty-three Order Police battalions were slated to take part in the 1941 invasion of the Soviet Union, Operation Barbarossa. Two battalions were assigned to support the Einsatzgruppen, the mobile death squads of the SS, and the Organisation Todt, the military construction group. Twelve were formed into regiments, three battalions each, and designated as Police Regiments Centre, North, South, and Special Purpose. Nine, including Police Battalion 309, were attached to security divisions of the Wehrmacht. The goals of the police battalions were to secure the rear by eliminating the remnants of the enemy forces, guarding the prisoners of war, and protecting the lines of communications and captured industrial facilities. Their instructions also included, as Daluege stated, the "combat of criminal elements, above all political elements".
Police Battalion 309 was subordinated to the German Army's 221st Security Division. Comprising about 550 men, the battalion was raised from recruits mobilised from the 1905–1915 year groups. They were led by career police professionals, steeped in the ideology of Nazism, driven by anti-semitism and anti-Bolshevism. The 221st Security Division itself was formed in June 1941. Police Battalion 309 was its only motorised formation.
Great Synagogue, Białystok crime
On the morning of June 27, 1941, Nazi troops from Police Battalion 309 surrounded the town square by the Great Synagogue, and forced residents from their homes into the street. Some were shoved up against building walls and shot dead. Others—approximately 2,000 men, women and children—were locked in the synagogue, which was subsequently set on fire; there they burned to death. The Nazi onslaught continued with the grenading of numerous homes and further shootings. As the flames from the synagogue spread and merged with the grenade fires, the entire square was engulfed. On that day, some 3,000 Jews lost their lives. (Archive from Geocities)
Aftermath
The Order Police as a whole had not been declared a criminal organisation by the Allies, unlike the SS, and its members were able to reintegrate into society largely unmolested, with many returning to police careers in Austria and West Germany.
See also
Bandenbekämpfung
References
Bibliography
Further reading
1941 establishments in Germany
Security units of Nazi Germany established in 1941
The Holocaust in Belarus
The Holocaust in Russia
SS and Police units
Cameron Parish was the ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Anglican church in colonial Virginia with jurisdiction over the western part of Fairfax County and, once it was created in 1757, over Loudoun County. The parish was named for the minor title of Thomas, Lord Fairfax, Baron of Cameron. The parish was created in 1748 from Truro Parish. It was divided in 1770 and Shelburne Parish was formed from the western half of Loudoun County. After 1770, Cameron Parish covered eastern Loudoun County until disestablishment ended the parish system by 1786.
The parish in colonial Virginia
The Anglican church was the established religion of the Colony of Virginia from 1619 - 1776. Each parish in the colony was ministered to by a single minister and governed by a vestry usually composed of 12 local men of wealth and standing in the community. Parishes were created by acts of the House of Burgesses and the upper house of the legislature, the Governor's Council.
Formation of the parish
Cameron Parish was created by the General Assembly of Virginia in 1748 when Truro Parish was divided along Difficult Run. It included what is, at present, Loudoun County and the western part of Fairfax County. The parish was named for Thomas, Lord Fairfax, who was also 6th Baron Cameron. They were the lord proprietor of much of Northern Virginia during the colonial period, which they inherited through their mother's line, the Culpepers.
In 1763, the parish boundaries were adjusted to include all of Loudoun County, as it was then configured. In 1770, Shelburne Parish was created out of the western part of Cameron Parish. Thus, Cameron Parish's boundaries included the Potomac River on the north, Bull Run on the south, Goose Creek to the west, and the Fairfax County line in the east.
Places of worship
The oldest chapel built in what would become Cameron Parish was originally a "Chapel of Ease for the comfort of the people above the Goose Creek," built in 1733 by the vestry of Truro Parish. It was a log structure near the Big Spring about two miles north of present-day Leesburg.
Other churches built were all also wooden structures and included Rocky Run Chapel, Broad Run Church, and Mountain Chapel. In 1773, the Sugarland Run Church, a brick structure, was built on a site in present-day Sterling.
Clergy
Rev. John Andrews (1758–67)
Rev. Archibald Avens (1767–71)
Rev. Spence Monroe Grayson (1773–76)
See also
Episcopal Diocese of Virginia:History
References
Episcopal Church in Virginia
Colonial United States (British)
Anglican organizations established in the 18th century
Colony of Virginia
Howard Timms (born 9 July 1944) is a British racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1944 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
British male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
Place of birth missing (living people)
Montgomery Township is one of the nineteen townships of Wood County, Ohio, United States. The 2010 census found 4,230 people in the township, 1,752 of whom lived in the unincorporated portions of the township.
Geography
Located in the eastern part of the county, it borders the following townships:
Freedom Township - north
Madison Township, Sandusky County - northeast corner
Scott Township, Sandusky County - east
Jackson Township, Seneca County - southeast corner
Perry Township - south
Bloom Township - southwest corner
Portage Township - west
Center Township - northwest corner
Three villages are located in Montgomery Township:
Bradner in the northeast.
Risingsun in the southeast.
Wayne in the center.
Name and history
Montgomery Township was established in 1834. Statewide, other Montgomery Townships are located in Ashland and Marion counties.
Government
The township is governed by a three-member board of trustees, who are elected in November of odd-numbered years to a four-year term beginning on the following January 1. Two are elected in the year after the presidential election and one is elected in the year before it. There is also an elected township fiscal officer, who serves a four-year term beginning on April 1 of the year after the election, which is held in November of the year before the presidential election. Vacancies in the fiscal officership or on the board of trustees is filled by the remaining trustees.
The Montgomery Township Hall is located on the corner of Mermill Road at Bradner Road.
References
External links
County website
Townships in Wood County, Ohio
Townships in Ohio
University College Of Engineering Kanchipuram, popularly known as UCEK, is a government engineering college located in the temple city Kanchipuram, Tamil Nadu, India. The college was established in 2010 and affiliated with Anna University, Chennai. It offers Bachelor of Engineering degrees in Computer Science Engineering, Electrical and Electronics Engineering, Electronics and Communication Engineering, and Mechanical Engineering.
History
This college was established in 2010 as one of the constituent college of Anna University, through a policy decision made by the government of Tamil Nadu at that time.
But during 2011 a permanent site for the college was identified and allotted by the Government of Tamil Nadu, on the Chennai–Bangalore Highway, Karaipettai village. The new site consists of a total land area of about 10.4 acres. As of June 2012 constructions are nearing completion for the initial plan of 4 laboratories, 4 classrooms, office and Dean's cabin.
On 5 April 2013, Dean's office and 4 classrooms were shifted to the new campus.
On 27 November 2013, the girls' hostel was shifted to a nearby building on the Paranthur Road, This building is a new building in which all the girl students are accommodated instead of the 3 different buildings in the Kanchipuram town 10 km from the college.
The work for the construction of academic and administrative blocks along with hostels for girls and boys was completed in academic year 2014-15. So far there have been four batches of students from the academic year 2010–2011 who are currently pursuing their degree program in this engineering institution.
Campus
The college was originally situated near NH 4 in Karaipettai, which is from Kanchipuram.
In 2017, the college moved to a new campus at NH-4, Chennai-Bangalore highway, Ponnerikarai near the regional transportation office.
Organisation and administration
University college of engineering Kanchipuram, being a constituent college of Anna University, is governed by a Chancellor, Vice-Chancellor and Registrar of the varsity. The varsity has a syndicate and Academic council. As part of the new nonadministrative directive a Regional Director oversees the development of the college. The Dean is the head of the College and oversees day-to-day administration. Each department is led by a Head of the Department (HOD). The hostels are headed by Deputy wardens reporting to an executive warden.
The academic policies are decided by the course committee, whose members include all the professors and student representatives headed by a chairperson.
Dean
On 12 September 2012, Dr. T.N. Shanmugam, Professor of Mathematics and Director Centre for Intellectual Property Rightsof Anna University was appointed as the First Dean of the University college of Engineering Kanchipuram. On 6 May 2014 Dr. N. Senthil Kumar, Associate Professor, Department of Management Studies, Anna University Chennai assumed charge as Dean in charge.
Principal
Dr. M. Kothandapani was the principal of UCEK.
They had served as a Principal i/c of the University College Engineering of Kanchipuram between August 2010 and September 2012. Currently, they are the Head of Department of Mathematics and Zonal Coordinator, Zone – VI, Anna University, Chennai.
Student life
Societies
Mechosapiens
Mechofeast '13 is a national level technical competition organized and conducted by the Society of Mechanical Engineers (Mechosapiens), Department of Mechanical Engineering, University College of Engineering Kanchipuram. The main aim of conducting an event is to trigger out and fetch the innovative ideas, managerial skills to the students and to give a detailed exposure of existing and upcoming technologies in the field of Mechanical engineering. This event is organized and conducted by the students for the benefit of the student of Mechanical Engineering.
SEEE
Society of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (SEEE) was established as part of the academia of the University College Of Engineering Kanchipuram. It is a professional society which aims to bridge the gap between technology and community.
One of the early societies of UCEK was SEEE (Society of Electrical and Electronics Engineers). SEEE was inaugurated by Dr.B.Umamaheshwari, Chairman Faculty of Electrical Engineering, Anna University, Chennai on 09.03.2013. The Society conducts symposium every year on latest developments in the field of Electrical and Electronics Engineering.
SCA
The SCA (Society of Computer Architects) was established in the academic year 2013-14,it is a professional society which aims to bridge the increasing gap between technology and community.
Project Expo
Project expo is conducted by the society of computer architects in the year of 2017. All departments students participated in this event.
SECE
Symposiums
The college hosts several symposiums throughout the year. Each Department conducts symposiums, technical fests and conferences. The events in the fests include technical, non-technical, managerial, social and co-curricular activities.
Events
The college has hosted several events, both academic and co-curricular. These include a student enlightenment program called "NAMBIKKAI" based on the new grounds, to help the students cope up with the newer environment. This was conducted for the past two years, where students from University College of Engineering Arni also accompanied the University College of Engineering Kanchipuram at the auditorium.
Also there are plans fabricated by the college to conduct annual sports meet as well as college cultural during the coming year.
Industrial visits
There have been technical learning sessions for the students who have visited several industries and factories as part of their Industrial Visit .
During the academic year 2011–12, students of batch 2010–14 from the department of Mechanical engineering and the second year students of Electrical and Electronics engineering (2010–2014 batch) went to Industrial Visit.
The Department of Mechanical engineering along with their faculties Mr. Shyam, Mr. Prakash, Mr. Raja went to the Hyundai Motor India Limited industry located at the heart of Irrungattukottai SIPCOT near Sriperumbudur.
There they had on-site and in-hand training about the manufacturing and assembling process involved in their Productions like models Hyundai i10, Hyundai Verna.
During the academic year 2011–12, students of batch 2010–14 from the department of Mechanical engineering along with their faculties Mr. Shyam Shankar, Mr. Vipin Allien, went to the JSW Steel is among India's largest steel producers, with a capacity of 14.3 million ... with its plant located at Toranagallu in the Bellary-Hospet area of Karnataka.
The students of batch 2010–14 belonging to the department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering along with their faculties Mr. Narendran, Ms. Vimala, Mr. Vijayakumar visited to the Kundah Hydro power plant and Radio Astronomical center located at Ootacamund.
There they learned about the production of electric power from water and also the control systems involved in maintaining the large-scale equipment and devices.
During the Academic Year 2013-14, students of batch 2012-16 from the dept of Mechanical Engineering along with faculty MR.Rajesh visited ISRO Propulsion Unit, Mahendragiri located at Tirunelveli. The students understand various information about various rocket propulsion system used by ISRO
during the academic year 2018-19,the students of batch 2016-2020 belonging to the department of Electrical and Electronics Engineering along with their faculties Mr. Vijayakumar, Ms. Dhivya visited to the "Numeric Ups" Production and Assemble factory located in Cholinganallur, Chennai.
There they learned about the production of "ununited power supply" and "Steblizers" maintaining and makes the purpose of large-scale industries and domestic uses.
During the academic year 2013–14, the students of batch 2012–16 belonging to Computer science and Engineering visited Porous Technologies at Coimbatore and Kerala.
Placements
The UCEK has a placement cell which will coordinate and encourages students to attend the placement interviews.
Sports
During recent times there has been exponential growth of success from the colleges teams of chess, football, cricket, Badminton and kabadi. The teams have performed well in the Zonal Sports conducted by Anna University during the Academic year 2012–13.
Intra-college sports has also been conducted in the college premises during the academic year 2013-14 in the month of April. Prizes for the winners and participants were distributed at the Sports Day function held at UCEK - New campus on March.
Softskills training
During the odd semester holidays of the academic year 2012–13, a special 10-day softskills training program was conducted by RIPE softskills training institute for the students of university college engineering, Kanchipuram.
Celebrations
Several intra-college celebrations are conducted from time to time.
Republic day
On 26 January 2013 the republic day was celebrated for the first time on the new campus located near ponnerikarai. The national flag was hoisted by the Dean, Dr. T.N. Shanmugam, and the national anthem was sung by students of UCEK. On that occasion several socio-cultural events such as drama, song, dance, speech (themed around the republic day) also took place.
See also
Constituent Colleges Of Anna University
List of schools and colleges in Kancheepuram
List of Tamil Nadu Government's Educational Institutions
References
External links
Engineering colleges in Tamil Nadu
Colleges affiliated to Anna University
Universities and colleges in Kanchipuram district
Educational institutions established in 2010
2010 establishments in Tamil Nadu
Kanchipuram
Pleuranthodium pterocarpum is a monocotyledonous plant species first described by Karl Moritz Schumann, and given its current name by Rosemary Margaret Smith. Pleuranthodium pterocarpum is part of the genus Pleuranthodium and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
pterocarpum
Taxa named by Rosemary Margaret Smith
The TA Ranch was the site of the principal events of the Johnson County Range War in 1892. The TA was established in 1882 as one of the first ranches in Johnson County, Wyoming. The TA is the only intact site associated with the range war, with trenches used by both sides still visible and scars on the nearby buildings. The ranch also documents the expansion and development of cattle ranching in Wyoming.
Description
The ranch is located near the North Branch of Crazy Woman Creek south of Buffalo, Wyoming, with the Big Horn Mountains to the west. The property is significant for its role as the scene of a three-day siege in the Johnson County Range War, and as an example of an intact ranching operation.
Significant buildings include:
Barn: A log-and-frame building built in 1882 and expanded in 1904. The barn was originally by , expanded to by in 1904. The barn was the chief venue in the 1892 shootout and preserves gunports cut in the upper north and south walls during the battle.
Ranch House: Also built in 1892, the one story log ranch house features logs sawn with a circular saw and nailed into vertical corner logs. Even interior partitions are log. The major rooms have outside doors on the south side, for a total of five doors, a result of the unusual plan with no internal hallway. Rooms have ceilings, and the living room and western bedroom have tongue and groove wainscoting. A partial basement excavated in 1910 houses a boiler. The house was also involved in the gunfight and retains bullet scars.
Root Cellar: A large by root cellar was built in 1882.
Cook House: The L-shaped log cookhouse was built in 1904 in two phases.
Milk Barn: The log milk barn was built in 1915.
Meat House:The by meat house was also built in 1915 of logs.
Hog House:The 1915 log hog house was divided between hog pens and a room for processing and cutting pork and hides.
Cattle Shed: The open-faced cattle shed was built in 1915 with board and batten walls and a corrugated metal roof.
Other contributing structures include a granary, a garage, outhouses and a hen house.
Of particular note are the bunkers or breastworks built during the 1892 siege. The cattlemen's hired guns dug trenches on an elevated location to the west of the barn that commanded a view of the surrounding country. The local ranchers, homesteaders and townspeople who surrounded them built their own breastworks around the ranch. At least ten breastworks were built and three remain.
History
The ranch was established in 1882 by Dr. William Harris of Laramie, who had purchased the brand and herd of Tom Alsop, also of Laramie. Harris moved the herd to Johnson County to set up the TA Ranch, remaining in Laramie to continue their medical practice, with Charles Ford as ranch manager. As such, Harris was an absentee landowner and was politically aligned with the larger cattle barons. In 1892 a party of hired guns paid by the Wyoming Stockmen's Association embarked on a raid to hunt down "rustlers" who were supposedly stealing cattle from the stockmen. However, the mercenary company was resented by the smaller landowners prevalent in northern Wyoming and were confronted by a large group of local settlers and cowboys. The gunmen (frequently referred to as "invaders") retreated to the TA Ranch, which they proceeded to fortify. Soon, about fifty invaders were surrounded by almost four hundred locals. The invaders were rescued by U.S. Cavalry from Fort McKinney on the third day of the siege.
Harris traded the ranch to J.P. Gammon for another property in 1904, and Gammon used the TA to raise Percheron draft horses. In the 1920s Gammon started to raise Hereford cattle and expanded the ranch to raise hogs. The ranch changed hands to the Long Brothers in 1979, followed by several other changes of ownership.
The ranch was purchased and restored privately in 1991. Today the TA Ranch is a working cattle ranch, guest ranch and restaurant but visitors are always welcome to view the barn and property free of charge.
Gallery
References
External links
TA Guest Ranch - official site
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
T A Ranch Historic District at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Buildings and structures in Johnson County, Wyoming
Ranches on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Tourist attractions in Johnson County, Wyoming
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Johnson County, Wyoming
Radical 79 or radical weapon () meaning "weapon" or "lance" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 93 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 92nd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+6BB3
079
092
Dorjana Širola (born 9 June 1972) is a Croatian quizzer, linguist, anglicist and software tester. They have been the highest placed woman at the World Quizzing Championship from 2005 to 2011, and again from 2013 to 2018 (losing out in 2012 to Anne Hegerty), with seven overall top 20 finishes during this period.
They were also the winner of the BBC University Challenge (UC) quiz in 2002 as a member of the University of Oxford, Somerville College team and the winner of the University Challenge: The Professionals (UCP) quiz in 2006 as a member of the Bodleian Library team.  They are the only person to have won both UC and UCP and the only person who has won University Challenge twice on two different teams. They also appeared on the BBC series Only Connect with a team called the 'Junipers'.
At the European Quizzing Championships they have won Gold (2017), three Silvers (2011, 2012, 2018) and two Bronzes (2014, 2015) with their club "Europalia" (Derk de Graaf (Belgium/Netherlands), Thomas Kolåsæter (Norway), Holger Waldenberger (Germany)), as well as a Bronze in Pairs with Holger Waldenberger (2012). Since 2015 they have captained the Croatian national quizzing team.
They obtained their B.A. in General Linguistics and English Language and Literature from the University of Zagreb in 1996; their M.Phil. in English and Applied Linguistics from the University of Cambridge, Trinity Hall in 1998 ; their D.Phil. in Comparative Philology and General Linguistics from the University of Oxford, Somerville College in 2005; and their MSc in computer science from the University of Kent in 2016.
Them area of research covers writing systems, writing-phonology interface; historical linguistics, comparative linguistics, Restsprachen and language variation. Having worked for a decade as a lecturer at the University of Rijeka in Rijeka, Croatia, they moved to the United Kingdom and left academia for a career in IT. They live in Canterbury.
References
External links
Dorjana Širola on Academia.edu
Dorjana Širola on Facebook
1972 births
Living people
Linguists from Croatia
Faculty of Humanities and Social Sciences, University of Zagreb alumni
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
Alumni of the University of Kent
Quiz championship players
People from Rijeka
Contestants on University Challenge
Jérôme Sanchez (born March 2, 1990) is a French professional basketball player, who lastly played for Boulazac Basket Dordogne of the LNB Pro A.
Sanchez signed with Boulazac on June 17, 2015. They re-signed with the team on July 13, 2017.
References
External links
Eurobasket profile
1990 births
Living people
ASVEL Basket players
Boulazac Basket Dordogne players
Forwards (basketball)
French men's basketball players
JL Bourg-en-Bresse players
People from Vénissieux
Sportspeople from Lyon Metropolis
The United States Consulate in Liverpool, England, was established in 1790, and was the first overseas consulate founded by the then fledgling United States of America. Liverpool was at the time an important center for transatlantic commerce and a vital trading partner for the former Thirteen Colonies. Among those who served the United States as consul in Liverpool were the writer Nathaniel Hawthorne, the spy Thomas Haines Dudley, and John S. Service, who was driven out of the United States Foreign Service by McCarthyite persecution. After World War II, as Liverpool declined in importance as an international port, the consulate was eventually closed down.
History
The first consul was James Maury, who held the office from 1790 to 1829, and whose portrait still hangs today in Liverpool Town Hall.
In 1801 Maury chaired the inaugural meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Liverpool, representing Liverpool merchants trading with the United States. Maury was the first signatory to the society's rules and was its first President. Maury held the position of consul for 39 years, until 1829, when they were removed from office by President Andrew Jackson.
The consulate stood on the quayside of Steers Docks and the Pool of Liverpool. The building was decorated with a golden bald eagle, the national symbol of the United States and a reassuring sign to American sailors or travellers arriving at Liverpool docks.
According to Edwin Williams's New York Annual Register, published in 1835, United States Consuls were not paid, but were:
"in effect, agents for commerce and seamen. They receive no yearly salaries... and their compensation is derived from the fees which they are allowed by law. [They] are principally occupied in verifying, in various forms, the legality of the trade of the United States with foreign nations, and in relieving and sending home American seamen, who by accident or misfortune are left destitute".
Consul Nathaniel Hawthorne
Among other notable consuls was the author Nathaniel Hawthorne, appointed by President Franklin Pierce in 1853, shortly after the publication of Tanglewood Tales. The position was considered the most lucrative foreign service position at the time, and was described by Hawthorne's wife as "second in dignity to the Embassy in London". However, life in Liverpool was evidently expensive, and Hawthorne complained to the Secretary of State that they were underpaid, and asked for living expenses of $7,500, arguing that a consul:
"cannot possibly live here with a family (unless they seclude themselves from society and forgoes all the social advantages of a residence in England). A man might be comfortable with this in a New England village, but not, I assure you, as the representative of America in the greatest commercial city in England".
In 1855 this was done. Congress passed a law fixing the salary of the consul at Liverpool at $7,500 per year.
Hawthorne described in their journal the American seamen with whom they dealt as "most rascally set of sailors that ever were seen - dirty, desperate, and altogether pirate-like in aspect". It appears that they often found their consular duties to be a burden:
"the duties of the office carried me to prisons, police-courts, hospitals, lunatic asylums, coroner's inquests, death-beds, funerals, and brought me in contact with insane people, criminals, ruined speculators, wild adventurers, diplomatists, brother-consuls, and all manner of simpletons and unfortunates, in greater number and variety than I had ever dreamed of as pertaining to America, in addition to whom there was an equivalent multitude of English rogues, dexterously counterfeiting the genuine yankee article."
Hawthorne was retired from the position in 1857, having apparently discharged their duties in a "prudent and efficient manner"
American Civil War
During the American Civil War (1861–65), consul Thomas Haines Dudley made strenuous efforts to prevent ships from Liverpool from breaking the United States Navy blockade of Confederate ports. Great Britain remained officially neutral throughout the war but there were many Confederate sympathisers in Liverpool. The commerce raider CSS Alabama was a screw sloop-of-war built for the Confederate States Navy at Birkenhead in Merseyside in 1862 by John Laird Sons and Company.<ref>[https://books.google.com/books?id=xqGdTLaIksYC&pg=PA72&dq=united+states+consul+liverpool&hl=en&ei=YDVDTIvXN4Pl4gbskNy_Dg&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=1&ved=0CCcQ6AEwADgU#v=onepage&q=united%20states%20consul%20liverpool&f=false Beaman, Charles C., p.72, The National and Private Alabama Claims"] Retrieved July 18, 2010</ref> They were eventually sunk by the in 1864.Annual Reports of the Navy Department: Report of the Secretary of the Navy. Retrieved July 16, 2010
In 1865, following the assassination of U.S. President Abraham Lincoln by John Wilkes Booth, vice consul Wilding notified their masters in Washington that John Surratt, one of Booth's conspirators, had taken refuge in Liverpool. Surratt had fled to Europe with the help of Confederate agents, booking passage under an alias and landing at Liverpool in September 1865, where they went into hiding in the oratory of the Church of the Holy Cross. Curiously, the United States Government chose not to pursue Surratt any further, despite having offered a $25,000 for information leading to their arrest, and no request was ever made to the British authorities to detain him. In any event Surratt did not stay long in Liverpool, but went on to serve for a brief time in the Ninth Company of the Pontifical Zouaves in the Vatican City under the name John Watson.
Consul Dudley wished to retire after the war and return to their law practice in New Jersey, but such was their knowledge of Confederate assets in Liverpool that they stayed on as consul, seizing Confederate ships and returning the proceeds of sale to the victorious United States Government. Relations between Britain and the United States were tense after the war, in part because of the role of Liverpool blockade runners and the widespread perception in America that Britain had been sympathetic to the defeated Confederacy. The claims arising out of these disputes, especially the Alabama Claims, would not be settled until the 1871 Treaty of Washington.
20th century
After World War II, Liverpool declined in importance as a trading partner with the United States, and the consulate was eventually closed down. Among the last holders of the office were George H. Steuart and John S. Service. The latter had been driven out of the Foreign Service by Senator Joseph McCarthy on suspicion of communist sympathies. Eventually the building fell into disuse, and for a period of time became The Eagle pub.
Restoration and repair
Maury's former office now sits amid Liverpool's newest and largest shopping centre, Liverpool One. Once derelict and empty, it was the first building purchased by The Grosvenor Group in preparation of "The Paradise Street Project", an extensive redevelopment of Liverpool's central business district. The building, and the eagle which adorned it, were restored by the Grosvenor Group in 2008. The building has since been converted into a retail unit, leased by The Liverpool Sony Centre, and in addition houses three luxury apartments. Since December 2014 it has housed a branch of Cote Bistro.
The bald eagle which now graces the facade may or may not be the original carving installed when the building was first erected. The original carving is likely to have been imported from the United States, probably fashioned by shipwrights skilled in the carving of ships' figureheads. In any event, what remained of the 200 kg eagle was removed for renovation in 2008 and taken to the National Conservation Centre (part of National Museums Liverpool) for cleaning and restoration. The sculpture, by now in an advanced state of decay, had to be dried out for several months, following which a new head was carved, based on photos (the original head having been lost), and in addition new wing tips and a new lower base. The restored eagle was re-attached to the building in October 2008, during a small ceremony. David Whitty, who supervised the restoration of the eagle, was quoted as saying that it "should be good for another 200 years".
Notable Consuls
1790–1829 James Maury
1853–1857 Nathaniel Hawthorne
1861–1872 Thomas Haines Dudley
1878–1885 Stephen B. Packard
1959–1962 John S. Service
References
McFarland, Philip (2004). Hawthorne in Concord. New York: Grove Press. .
Mellow, James R. (1980). Nathaniel Hawthorne in Their Times''. Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company. .
External links
The Eagle Has Landed, article by Peter Elson on the restoration of the original consulate eagle, at the Liverpool Daily Post, October 2008, Retrieved July 12, 2010
Obituary of John S. Service in The New York Times. Retrieved July 12, 2010
Image of the restored eagle at Les Auld Photography, Retrieved July 12, 2010
Notes
United States
Liverpool
United Kingdom–United States relations
Buildings and structures in Liverpool
Healthmark Regional Medical Center is a hospital in DeFuniak Springs, Florida in the United States.
HRMC specializes in short-term acute care.
It has 44 routine services beds and 6 special care beds.
References
Hospitals in Florida
Walton County, Florida
"What I Wanna" is a song by British rapper MoStack that appears on their debut studio album Stacko. It was released as a single through Virgin EMI on 28 February 2018, peaking at number 31 on the UK Singles Chart. The song was written by MoStack, Darius Forde, James Grant and Brenda Russell, and produced by iLL BLU.
In December 2019, the British Phonographic Industry certified the song gold for equivalent sales of 400,000 units.
Track listing
Charts
Certifications
References
2018 singles
2018 songs
MoStack songs
Songs written by Brenda Russell
Songs written by MoStack
Philippe Lellouche is a French actor, director, screenwriter, television presenter and singer. They were born on March 30, 1966 in Tel HaShomer in Israel. Their brother is the actor Gilles Lellouche.
Biography
After studying journalism, Philippe Lellouche joined the radio station France Inter where they presented a comedy show. They then became a reporter and worked for the French TV channel TF1 for a short period before joining the team of Envoyé spécial on France 2, where they were spotted by Marion Sarraut who offered them a role in the television series Une femme d'honneur. They followed this up with various roles, most notably in the films Michel Vaillant, produced by Luc Besson and Narco, co-directed by their brother Gilles Lellouche.
Encouraged by those close to them to go on the stage, Lellouche wrote their first one-man show but it was with Le Jeu de la vérité, which they wrote and performed with their future wife, Vanessa Demouy, and the actors David Brécourt and Christian Vadim, that they achieved success. The show was well-received and led to a sequel, Le Jeu de la vérité 2. These two shows have been performed several hundred times as well as being recorded and regularly transmitted on television. Since 2009, their third show, featuring the same cast, has played to full houses throughout France and was broadcast live on the television channel France 4 on October 14, 2011.
In February 2010, Lellouche appeared on Paris Première's Cactus talk show alongside Christine Boutin and Robert Ménard, discussing the showing of the short film Le Baiser de la Lune in primary schools. They declared themselves sceptical about this anti-homophobia initiative, which they felt to be poorly targeted.
In July 2011, Lellouche directed the film Nos plus belles vacances in Brittany, working with their three usual collaborators as well a cast featuring other friends like Gérard Darmon et Julie Gayet. They were invited by the guitarist Jean-Félix Lalanne to sing Quand j'étais chanteur on their album Une voix, une guitare. Since March 2015, they have co-presented the French version of Top Gear on RMC Découverte with the former Le Mans racing driver Bruce Jouanny and Yann Larret-Menezo, also known as "Le Tone", former editor-in-chief of the magazine Intersection.
Private life
 They are the brother of the French actor Gilles Lellouche. Since the Summer of 2001, they have lived with Vanessa Demouy, with whom they have a son, Solal, born on May 17, 2003. The couple married on June 26, 2010 in the park of the Château de la Garenne de Launay near Douchy (Loiret). Their daughter Sharlie was born on May 5, 2011.
Filmography
As an actor
1997: Une femme d'honneur (episode 1-02, "Pirates de la Route") (TV)
1999: Jacotte (TV)
2000: Docteur Sylvestre (TV)
2000: Lise et André by Denis Dercourt
2001: Boomer by Karim Adda
2003: Michel Vaillant by Louis-Pascal Couvelaire
2004: Narco by Tristan Aurouet and Gilles Lellouche
2006: Famille d'accueil (TV)
2008: Parking réservé by Philippe Lellouche, short film in support of CRIPS
2010: Camping 2 by Fabien Onteniente
2011: Mineurs 27 by Tristan Aurouet
2011: Bienvenue à bord by Éric Lavaine : William
2012: Nos plus belles vacances by Philippe Lellouche
2014: Le Jeu de la vérité by François Desagnat
2014: Tu veux ou tu veux pas by Tonie Marshall
Since 2015: Clem (TV series) : Xavier Ferran
2016: Le Monde de Dory by Andrew Stanton : French voice of Hank the Octopus
2016: Camping 3 by Fabien Onteniente
2017: Chacun sa vie by Claude Lelouch
As director
1995: Poker co-written with Cédric Brenner, with Martin Lamotte
2008: Parking réservé, with Bruno Putzulu and Vanessa Demouy
2012: Nos plus belles vacances, with Gérard Darmon and Julie Gayet
2013: Un prince (presque) charmant, with Vincent Pérez, Vahina Giocante
Television
Since 2015: Top Gear France
Since 2015: Clem
Theatre
Writer
2004: One Man Show à trois
2005: Le Jeu de la vérité
2006: Le Jeu de la vérité 2 and the film adaptation
2007: J'en ai marre d'être juif, j'ai envie d'arrêter, Le Cherche midi
2009: Boire, fumer et conduire vite
2014: L'Appel de Londres, directed by Marion Sarraut
2016: Tout à refaire
Actor
2004: One man show à trois by Philippe Lellouche and Laurent Spielvogel, with Les Demi-Frères
2005/2006: Le Jeu de la vérité by Philippe Lellouche, directed by Marion Sarraut
2007: Le Jeu de la vérité 2 by Philippe Lellouche
2008: Le Jeu de la vérité 2 by Philippe Lellouche, directed by Philippe Lellouche and Morgan Spillemaecker, Théâtre des Mathurins
2009: Le siècle sera féminin ou ne sera pas by Dominique Coubes and Nathalie Vierne
2009: Boire, fumer et conduire vite by Philippe Lellouche, directed by Marion Sarraut and Agathe Cémin
2010: Boire, fumer et conduire vite by Philippe Lellouche, directed by Marion Sarraut, Théâtre de la Renaissance
2014: L'Appel de Londres by Philippe Lellouche, directed by Marion Sarraut
2015: Vous êtes mon sujet by Didier Van Cauwelaert, directed by Alain Sachs, Théâtre de La Garenne Colombes, broadcast on France 2 on February 17
2016: Tout à refaire by Philippe Lellouche, directed by Gérard Darmon, Théâtre de la Madeleine
Director
2006: Jour de neige by Elsa Valensi and Élisabeth Bost
2007: Le Jeu de la vérité by Philippe Lellouche, co-directed with Morgan Spielmacker
2008: Le Jeu de la vérité 2 by Philippe Lellouche, co-directed with Morgan Spillemaecker, Théâtre des Mathurins
2008: Double jeu by and with Jean-Félix Lalanne
References
External links
Unofficial Phillippe Lellouche site
1966 births
Living people
French male actors
French television presenters
21st-century French dramatists and playwrights
French theatre directors
French film directors
The Miami Strike Force were an American soccer team in Miami, Florida.
They joined the USISL PDSL as the Miami Tango in 1996 (not to be confused with the second Miami Tango), and became the Miami Breakers in the next season. They moved up to the USISL D-3 Pro League in 1998. For the 1999 season, the team was relegated back to the PDL. In 2001, the team was renamed the Miami Strike Force, and folded after that year.
The team played at Hialeah Gardens High School Stadium in Hialeah Gardens, Florida.
Year-by-year
Defunct soccer clubs in Florida
Strike Force
2001 disestablishments in Florida
1996 establishments in Florida
Association football clubs established in 1996
Association football clubs disestablished in 2001
Live on Other Planets is a double live album by Supergrass. Released on 27 November 2020, it consists of songs recorded during the band's reunion tour from earlier that year. Its title is a play on the band's fourth studio album, Life on Other Planets.
Background
In 2018, the former members of Supergrass set in motion plans for a reunion tour in 2020 with the purpose of celebrating the 25th and 10th anniversaries of their formation and break-up, respectively. Following a surprise set at Glastonbury Festival's Pilton Party on 6 September 2019, the band announced their 2020 reunion tour dates in Europe and the U.S.
The Supergrass reunion gigs were well-received, with their 21 February show at the Barrowland Ballroom in Glasgow garnering a five-star review from The Guardian. However, after completing their February and early March tour dates in Europe and U.K., by mid-March the band had to cancel the rest of their gigs because of the COVID-19 pandemic, including shows in the U.S. and Australia, and appearances at various festival, including Glastonbury.
Release
On 25 September 2020, Supergrass announced the 27 November release of Live on Other Planets. The album was released to mark the band's 25th anniversary; to capture the reunion gigs and thank the fans who attended; and to support grassroots music venues, with proceeds from the album's sales going to the #SaveOurVenues campaign in aid of venues struggling due to the pandemic.
The CD edition of the album includes the bonus disc Bully for You, a full-set recording of the band's live-streamed performance on 21 August 2020 at The Bullingdon, Oxford.
Track listing
Adapted from CD liner notes.
Personnel
Supergrass
Gaz Coombes – lead vocals, electric guitar, acoustic guitar
Mick Quinn – bass, backing vocals
Danny Goffey – drums, backing vocals
Rob Coombes – keyboards
Production
Mick Quinn – album co-ordination, artistic direction, cover design
Max Bisgrove – recording engineer
John Cornfield – mixing
Tim Turan – mastering
Adriaan Pels – photography
Sabrina Benrehab – photography
Gaz Coombes – photography
Bruce Brand and Mary Teneketzis at Arthole – cover design
References
Supergrass albums
2020 live albums
Alternative rock albums by British artists
Vivione Pass Passo (Italian Passo del Vivione) is a mountain pass that links Schilpario in Val di Scalve with Paisco Loveno in Val Camonica.
The road was built during World War I to supply troops in the nearby Adamello. Vivione Pass has a height of 1828 m and is usually closed for snow from December to May, the road is not larger than 2 meters but is paved.
See also
List of highest paved roads in Europe
List of mountain passes
References
Mountain passes of Italy
Mountain passes of the Alps
Mohamed Bouaichaoui (born 15 January 1979) is an Algerian judoka.
Achievements
References
1979 births
Living people
Algerian male judoka
Judoka at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Judoka at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic judoka of Algeria
African Games gold medalists for Algeria
African Games medalists in judo
African Games silver medalists for Algeria
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Algeria
Mediterranean Games medalists in judo
Competitors at the 1999 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2007 All-Africa Games
Competitors at the 2001 Mediterranean Games
21st-century Algerian people
20th-century Algerian people
Forced Entry is a 1973 adult horror film written and directed by Shaun Costello under the pseudonym Helmuth Richler. It stars Harry Reems (credited as Tim Long) as an unnamed and psychotic Vietnam War veteran who sexually assaults and kills women who stop at the filling station where they work as an attendant. Called "one of the most disturbing and unpleasant porn features ever made," the film utilizes actual footage of the war, predominantly in the rape and murder sequences.
Plot
After opening with newspaper articles, footage, and quotes relating to the Vietnam War and the psychological condition of the American soldiers who have returned from it, the authorities are shown investigating a crime scene in which a man was shot in the head.
Going back an unspecified amount of time, the man is revealed to be a gas station attendant, and is shown coercing a female customer into giving out their name and address by claiming they are needed for a credit card transaction. After the woman drives away, the attendant goes to their apartment building, and watches through a window as they have sex with their husband. When the husband leaves, the attendant breaks into the apartment and forces the woman to perform oral sex on them while they verbally abuse her, slitting their throat after they climax.
Back at the gas station, the attendant gives a lost motorist directions, and follows them to the address they were looking for. The man breaks into the house, drags the woman out of the shower, and forces them to fellate them at gunpoint. They then sodomizes her, stabs her, and kisses them as they die. Later, a ditzy female hippie picks up an equally vapid hitchhiker, and the two travel to the gas station. The attendant tricks the driver into giving out their address, and goes to their home, where they and their companion are doing drugs, and having sex. The attendant sneaks in and tries to force the girls to submit to him, but the pair are too intoxicated to take them seriously, frustrating them to the point of a psychotic break. As they scream "Stay away from me!" and has a series of flashbacks to both the war and the rapes and murders they have committed, the attendant shoots themselves in the head. Returning to the intro, the man's body is covered by a sheet, and hauled away by the police.
Cast
Harry Reems (as Tim Long) as Gas Station Attendant
Laura Cannon as Lost Driver
Jutta David as David's Wife
Shaun Costello as David
Ruby Runhouse as Hippie Girl
Nina Fawcett as Hippie Girl
Reception
In their autobiography, star Harry Reems wrote that Forced Entry was the one film they regretted doing.
DVD Talk gave the film zero stars, calling it "morally repugnant".
Noting the film is "the first film to show a disturbed war vet coming home from Vietnam," Ed Demko calls the film "one of the more important and relevant films to ever come out of that age of pornography. It's a film that really transcends the time that it was made and might even be more important now than the age it was made. Sure there's a ton of nasty sexual activity in the film but the subject matter and what the movie is actually saying goes way beyond that."
Analysis
In "Forced Entry: Serial Killer Pornography as Patriarchical Paradox", scholar Robert Cettl assesses the film's role as pivotal in the history of American serial killer films and discusses its subversion of American patriarchy "by highlighting a paradox in relation to hegemonic masculinity" and how the director turns pornography "into self-conscious political discourse", arguing the film critiques patriarchical reaction to second-wave feminism (represented by the independently-living female victims) as grounded in war-mongering (rape-murder scenes interspersed with footage from the Vietnam War) and ultimately doomed to self-implosion (the killer's suicide).
Remake
In 1975, the film had an R-rated remake starring Tanya Roberts and Ron Max.
See also
List of American films of 1973
List of mainstream movies with unsimulated sex
References
External links
1973 films
1973 horror films
1970s exploitation films
1970s pornographic films
American exploitation films
American horror films
American nonlinear narrative films
American pornographic films
American serial killer films
Films about post-traumatic stress disorder
Films about rape
Films about veterans
Films set in 1972
Films set in New York City
Films shot in New York City
Obscenity controversies in film
Pornographic horror films
Vietnam War films
1970s English-language films
1970s American films
Sir Gilbert de Aton, 1st Baron Aton, of Ayton, Langdon, Malton and Wintringham, Yorkshire was a 13th-14th century English noble. They died c. 1342.
Life
Gilbert was the son and heir of William de Aton of Ayton and Isabel, daughter of Simon de Vere of Goxhill and Sproatley and Ada de Bertram.
During inquisitions during 1315, it was found that Gilbert de Aton, was heir to Baron Vescy, William de Vescy through descent from Margery de Knapton, daughter and heir of Warin de Vescy of Knapton. They then established in 1316 and 1317 their claim as heir to the lands of Baron Vesci, William de Vescy of Kildare. Gilbert did homage on 7 November 1317 to Edward II of England. Gilbert was in Scotland in 1319 during the siege of Berwick Castle. The Scots burnt their manor of Malton in 1319 during a raid into Yorkshire. During 1323 they confirmed the previous grant by Antony Bek, Bishop of Durham of Alnwick Castle to Henry Percy, Lord Percy and their successors, for the payment of the sum of 700 marks.
Baron Aton attended three English Parliaments on 30 December 1324, 20 February 1325, and 25 February 1342, after being summoned by writs. They died in 1342. Their Will heard on 10 April 1350 at Wintringham indicated they were to be buried at Watton Priory and was succeeded by their son and heir William.
Citations
References
Year of birth unknown
1342 deaths
Barons Aton
People from the East Riding of Yorkshire
English MPs 1324
English MPs 1325
English MPs 1341
Finlayson Oy is a Finnish textile manufacturer. The company was founded in 1820 when James Finlayson, a Scottish engineer, established a cotton mill in Tampere. The company manufactures various interior textiles and bedding under the brand names Finlayson and Familon. The company has stores and retailers in Finland, Russia, and the Baltic countries, as well as an online store.
The Plevna, a Finlayson building, was the first building in the Nordic countries and in the Russian Empire (of which Finland was part at the time) to be lit by electric lighting; the light bulbs of Thomas Edison were first used there on 15 March 1882.
See also
Finlayson (district)
Näsilinna
Plevna, Tampere
Tampella
Wilhelm von Nottbeck Park
References
External links
Manufacturing companies established in 1820
Finnish brands
Textile companies of Finland
Ann H. Rest (born April 24, 1942) is an American politician and Minority Whip of the Minnesota Senate. A member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL), they represent District 45, which includes portions of the western suburbs of Hennepin County in the Twin Cities metro area.
Early life, education, and career
Rest attended Rich Township High School in Park Forest, Illinois, graduating in 1960, then went on to Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois, where they received their B.A. in Latin and Greek. They then attended the University of Chicago on a Woodrow Wilson Fellowship and earned a M.A. in Latin and Greek. They later received an M.A. in Teaching from Harvard University, a Masters in Business Taxation from the University of Minnesota, and a Masters of Public Administration from Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of Government through a Bush Fellowship.  They are a retired Certified Public Accountant.
Minnesota Legislature
Rest was first elected to the Senate in 2000, and was re-elected in 2002, 2006, 2010, 2012, and 2016. They served as an assistant majority leader from 2003 to 2007 and Senate President 2013–2017.
Before being elected to the Senate, Rest represented District 46A in the Minnesota House of Representatives for 16 years, being first elected in 1984, and re-elected in 1986, 1988, 1990, 1992, 1994, 1996 and 1998. They were an assistant majority leader of the House from 1989 to 1991. They chaired the House Tax Committee from 1993 to 1997, and the House Local Government and Metropolitan Affairs Committee from 1997 to 1999. They chaired the Senate State and Local Government Operations and Oversight Committee from 2007 to 2011.
For the 2021-2022 92nd Biennium Legislature, Rest is serving on the following committees of Housing Finance and Policy and Rules and Administration. Rest is also Ranking Minority Chair of the Taxes committee.
Them special legislative concerns include tax policy, education funding, and transportation.
Personal life
Rest has been active on numerous government and community boards through the years.  They are a member of the National Caucus of Environmental Legislators, and NCSL's Executive Committee's Task Force on State and Local Taxation.  They are the second Vice President of the Streamline States Governing Board. They serve on Minnesota's Legislative Audit Commission. Rest was a member of the Minnesota Statehood Sesquicentennial Commission (2006–2008) and served on the Minnesota Capitol Area Architectural Planning Board and the Capitol Preservation Commission. Rest is a Minnesota delegate to the Great Lakes Commission and was a founding member of the Great Lakes Legislative Caucus, which they also chaired.
References
External links
Senator Ann Rest official Minnesota Senate website
Minnesota Public Radio Votetracker: Senator Ann Rest
Project Vote Smart - Senator Ann Rest Profile
1942 births
Living people
Members of the Minnesota House of Representatives
Minnesota state senators
Minnesota Democrats
People from New Hope, Minnesota
Women state legislators in Minnesota
University of Minnesota alumni
Harvard Kennedy School alumni
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Methodists from Minnesota
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
Canadian National Depot or Warroad Depot is a former railway station for the Canadian National Railway. The building now serves as an office for the City of Warroad in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
External links
National Register of Historic Places
Warroad Area Chamber of Commerce
References
Buildings and structures in Roseau County, Minnesota
Canadian National Railway stations
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1914
Railway stations on the National Register of Historic Places in Minnesota
Former railway stations in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places in Roseau County, Minnesota
John Michael Vazquez (born May 11, 1970) is a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.
Early life and education
Vazquez was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, in 1970. Their family moved to New Jersey when they were several months old. Vazquez received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1992 from Rutgers University. They received a Juris Doctor, summa cum laude, in 1996 from Seton Hall University School of Law.
Legal career
Vasquez served as law clerk to Judge Herman D. Michels of the New Jersey Superior Court, Appellate Division, from 1996 to 1997.
They served as an associate in the Law Offices of Michael Critchley and Associates from 1997 to 2001. From 2001 to 2006, they were an Assistant United States Attorney in the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey. From 2006 to 2008, they worked in the Office of the New Jersey Attorney General, serving first as Special Assistant to the Attorney General and subsequently as First Assistant Attorney General. from 2008 to 2016, they were a partner at Critchley, Kinum & Vazquez, LLC. In that role, Vasquez represented Anthony R. Suarez, mayor of Ridgefield, New Jersey, during their 2010 trial on corruption charges, and won an acquittal, ending "a government streak of more than 200 public corruption convictions spanning more than a decade."
Federal judicial service
On March 26, 2015, President Barack Obama nominated Vazquez to serve as a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, to the seat vacated by Judge Joel A. Pisano, who retired on February 16, 2015. Their nomination was reported from the Senate Judiciary Committee on September 17, 2015, by voice vote. Vasquez was unanimously rated as "well qualified" for the judgeship by the American Bar Association's Standing Committee on the Federal Judiciary, the committee's highest rating. Their nomination received the support of both of New Jersey's senators, Cory Booker and Robert Menendez.
Vazquez was confirmed by the Senate on January 27, 2016, by a vote of 84 to 2. They received their judicial commission on January 29, 2016.
See also
List of Hispanic/Latino American jurists
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
Assistant United States Attorneys
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey
New Jersey lawyers
People from Honolulu
Rutgers University alumni
Seton Hall University School of Law alumni
United States district court judges appointed by Barack Obama
21st-century American judges
Hispanic and Latino American judges
The Bombardment of San Juan, or the First Battle of San Juan, on 12 May 1898 was an engagement between United States Navy warships and the Spanish fortifications of San Juan, Puerto Rico. It was the first major action of the Puerto Rican Campaign during the Spanish–American War.
Background
Under the command of Rear Admiral William T. Sampson, a U.S. fleet—consisting of the flagship armored cruiser , battleships and , the unprotected cruisers and , the monitors and , the torpedo boat , the auxiliary cruiser , the collier , and two unarmed yachts transporting officials and the press,—prepared to attack Puerto Rico.
Their mission was to intercept the Spanish Admiral Pascual Cervera y Topete and their fleet steaming from the Cape Verde Islands to the Antilles. American commanders believed the Spanish fleet was steaming for Puerto Rico. With this understanding, Sampson set steam from Key West and lifted anchor at about noon on 2 May, for the Spanish province. The Fleet reached Cape Haitien, Haiti, on 8 May, where Rear Admiral Sampson telegraphed Washington to report updates and await for further instructions. Sampson intended to destroy the Spanish squadron and then move on to attack San Juan's castles, forts and batteries.
On 8 May, in San Juan Bay, the captured the Spanish cargo ship Rita. The Americans installed a prize crew and sent the cargo vessel to Charleston, South Carolina. The following day, a Spanish auxiliary cruiser, name unknown, and Yale fought a minor battle off San Juan. The Spanish auxiliary cruiser was much better armed, which led to Yale, fleeing shortly after the commencement of the engagement. The next day, on May 10, Yale returned to San Juan Bay and briefly exchanged fire with Fort San Cristobal, with little effect.
Finally on 11 May, a day away from Puerto Rico and after receiving no new information about the Spanish fleet, William Sampson boarded Detroit and issued their orders. Detroit was to lead the U.S. battle line up San Juan's bay, their orders where to initiate a bombardment of the enemy positions if fired upon. Sampson also transferred their flag to Iowa.
Bombardment
The next morning at 05:00, Detroit proceeded with leading the American battle line. Steaming far up into the bay, initially no Spanish shots were fired on the approaching U.S. fleet. Which allowed the American ships to reach the tip of the bay in full view of San Juan's harbor. Commander Sampson, feeling their warships were steaming too close to the enemy held city, ordered their ships to stop. Despite these orders, Detroit steamed forward, which prompted the other U.S. ships to follow.
After failing to stop their vessels, Sampson ordered Iowa to train their guns on the nearest enemy stronghold, the Morro castle. This was only a ruse though; Iowa fired one shot into the water and the Spanish, believing they had been fired on, returned a salvo from their battery which failed to score a direct hit. Iowa fired again with a massive broadside which reportedly blew away a large portion of the castle.
Rough seas and high winds meant that both American and Spanish rounds were being blown off target, which resulted in a severe disadvantage for the American and Spanish gunners. Several shots ended up falling on San Juan houses and other buildings. The rough seas made the U.S. ships wobble back and forth, disallowing the sailors a steady platform to fire from, this also attributed to stray rounds. At least one shell struck the 16th-century San José Church.
All the damaged civilian structures were adjacent to Morro castle, which meant that any round failing to hit the castle would most likely hit the town accidentally. The U.S. warships maneuvered in circular motions, firing from both their port and starboard guns. Once Morro seemed to be considerably damaged, Sampson ordered their fleet to begin bombarding Fort San Cristóbal, the Spanish Ballaja Barracks, a small sea fort, El Cañuelo, which appears from Spanish records to have been unarmed and unoccupied, and a battery known as San Carlos.
The American ships were reported to be so close to the Spanish positions that their infantry were in able range to fire on the U.S. warships. However, none of their small arms were capable of inflicting serious damage on the modern steel vessels. A French cruiser—the Amiral Rigault de Genouilly—sat in San Juan's harbor, along with three small Spanish gunboats. Two of the gunboats were most likely the and . Possibly to avoid an international crisis with France, no major American attack was made on the Spanish gunboats as they were quite close to Amiral Rigault de Genouilly.
Still, a few shots that did go in that direction damaged to the French cruiser's smoke stack and rigging. Apparently neither the French nor Spanish ships responded returned fire towards the Americans. From 05:00–08:00, Sampson's fleet fired their guns, while receiving light damage on only two ships, New York and Iowa.
At 08:00, Sampson instructed their ships to cease firing due to the lack of Spanish return fire. The crew of the monitor Terror failed to understand these orders and they continued the bombardment solo until 08:30.
Casualties
The only U.S. sailor killed in action served aboard the New York with four injured; three others were slightly wounded aboard Iowa. Amphitrite suffered one gunner's mate killed of heat exposure while occupying one of the barbettes. After the battle, the commanding Spanish Military Governor, Manuel Macías y Casado, confirmed that two of their troops were killed while manning the few different batteries and another 34 injured. Civilian casualties were five killed and 18 wounded. Most of the Puerto Rican civilians had fled their city at the sound of the first salvo. The number of refugees was reportedly so large that San Juan's streets were almost deserted, with the exception of the several hundred strong Spanish garrison.
Armament
The U.S. Navy had more and larger guns than the Spanish. The battleships, cruisers and monitors carried four 13", four 12", eight 10", twelve 8", and four 6" guns, in addition to many smaller pieces. Fort San Cristobal had two 150mm (5.9") Ordóñez guns and two 240mm (9.45") Ordóñez howitzers, Castillo San Felipe del Morro, which apparently fired the first shot, had five 150mm Ordóñez guns and two 240mm Ordóñez howitzers, the San Antonio battery had four 150mm Ordóñez guns, the San Fernando Battery had four muzzleloading 210mm (8.3") sunchado (or zunchado, meaning banded), howitzers, the Santa Elena battery had three more, the San Agustin battery had three almost as obsolete 150mm sunchado guns, and the Santa Teresa battery had three 150mm Ordóñez guns. The Navy fired 1,362 shells whereas the Spanish fired only 441 rounds.
Aftermath
The U.S. fleet steamed, or sailed in some cases, back to the Havana, Cuba, blockade. On May 18, Sampson learned that Admiral Cervera's force had sailed to Santiago de Cuba.
See also
Puerto Rican Campaign
References
Further reading
Nofi, Albert A., The Spanish American War, 1898, 1997.
Carrasco García, Antonio, En Guerra con Los Estados Unidos: Cuba, 1898, Madrid: 1998.
Freidel, Frank Burt. The Splendid Little War. Boston: Little, Brown,1958.
Blow, Michael. A Ship to Remember: The Maine and the Spanish–American War. New York : Morrow, 1992. .
Holloway, A., Hero Tales of the American Soldier and Sailor. Philadelphia: Elliott Publishing Company, 1899. .
External links
Bombardment of San Juan, Porto Rico - Color Chromolithographs (LOC)
Spanish–American War Centennial Website
San Juan
San Juan
History of San Juan, Puerto Rico
Military history of Puerto Rico
May 1898 events
19th century in San Juan, Puerto Rico
The Fiat A.80 was an 18-cylinder, twin-row, air-cooled, radial aircraft engine produced during World War II. Rated at 1,000 hp (745 kW), it was a more powerful development of the 14-cylinder Fiat A.74.
Variants
Fiat A.80 R.C.20With reduction gear and supercharger, rated altitude .
Fiat A.80 R.C.40With reduction gear and supercharger, rated altitude .
Fiat A.80 R.C.41With reduction gear and supercharger, rated altitude .
Applications
Aeronautica Umbra Trojani AUT.18
Breda Ba.65
CANSA FC.20
CANT Z.509
Fiat BR.20
Fiat G.18
Savoia-Marchetti SM.79
Specifications (A.80 R.C.41)
See also
References
Gunston, Bill. (1986). World Encyclopaedia of Aero Engines. Patrick Stephens: Wellingborough. p. 56
Ragazzi, Paolo (1938). The Power of Aircraft Engines at Altitude. p. 3
Radial engines
A.80
1930s aircraft piston engines
Aircraft air-cooled radial piston engines
Andres Sõber (born 25 April 1956) is a former Estonian professional basketball player and basketball coach.
Career
Youth coach
Sõber has been noted as one of the most successful youth coaches in Estonia. After retiring from professional basketball, they held basketball trainings for boys in Mustamäe district of Tallinn. With the team, which was frequently represented as Estonian SSR youth team, they won everything possible in their country, but also achieved valuable results over the Soviet Union. During the time, they were the first coach of the only Estonian to play in the NBA, Martin Müürsepp.
Finland and Estonia
After eight years of working with youngsters, Sõber spent 2 years making a living at the Tallinn Pedagogical Institute. They then moved to Finland, where they first served as a youth coach again, but soon became to conduct several Korisliiga teams. Eventually Sõber came back to Estonia, having been in Finland for 10 years, to coach TTÜ/A. Le Coq. With the Tallinn University of Technology based team they did not achieve anything remarkable for two seasons and they moved to Estonian powerhouse Kalev, with whom they became Estonian champions.
Rakvere Tarvas
In 2005, Kalev and another minor Estonian team, Rakvere announced their bankruptcy and Andres Sõber was looking for new challenges. They considered coaching youth again, but then decided to establish new brand in Estonian basketball, Rakvere Tarvas. Despite financial problems and struggling to reach play-offs in the domestic league, they managed to get decent results and put bigger teams under pressure. The most important idea of the team was the symbiosis of the best local players, young players and some support from abroad.
The breakthrough season was 2009–10, when Andres Sõber managed to form a team, which consisted of experienced players, such as former Dutch champion Valmo Kriisa, NBA player Martin Müürsepp, young prospect Rain Veideman, member of the Canada men's national basketball team Richard Elias Anderson and basketballers ranked out of stronger squads (TÜ/Rock, BC Kalev/Cramo), Kristo Saage, Rain Raadik and Sven Kaldre for instance. They reached the finals, where they lost the series 4–2 to TÜ/Rock, despite leading 2-0 after two away games. The following year most of the team changed, as key players earned better contracts to bigger clubs.
National team
Sõber played for Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic during their stint with Kalev Tallinn in 1976–83. They have been the head coach of Estonia U20 team since 2011, leading the team to win B Division and earn promotion to 2012. In 2012, head coach of the Estonia national basketball team, Tiit Sokk, included Andres Sõber to the national team to become the assistant coach for the EuroBasket 2013 qualifying round.
Personal
Sõber is a father-in-law to former NFL football player Dave Ragone. Andres Sõber is also popular Soviet-Estonian singer Anne Veski's high-school classmate.
References
External links
Profile at basket.ee
Profile at bbl.net
Profile at esbl.ee
1956 births
Living people
People from Harku Parish
Estonian basketball coaches
Estonian men's basketball players
Estonian expatriate basketball people
Estonian expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Korvpalli Meistriliiga players
Point guards
Perreton Manor (also Peryton, 16th century) is a manor house on the Isle of Wight, situated in the parish of Arreton.
A member of Arreton Manor, it belonged at the Dissolution to the Quarr Abbey. A messuage called Perreton was granted in 1545 to Anthony Beyff, and in 1591–2 it was granted to John Welles. It comprises the land between Arreton and Redway, and a field to the west of the road leading from Croucher's Cross to Arreton is called Old Perreton and pointed out as the traditional site of the house. The present house lies in the low ground and is of the ordinary farm type of the 17th century. It has a date stone, L.B. 1668, the initials of Levinus Bennet.
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Manor houses in England
George Warren McCrae, Jr. (born October 19, 1944) is an American soul and disco singer who is most famous for their 1974 hit "Rock Your Baby".
Biography and career
McCrae was the second of nine children, born in West Palm Beach, Florida. They formed their own singing group, the Jivin' Jets, before joining the United States Navy in 1963. They married Gwen McCrae (née Mosley) in 1963. Four years later, they re-formed the group, with their wife Gwen joining the line-up, but soon afterwards they decided to work as a duo, recording for Henry Stone's Alston record label. Gwen then won a solo contract, with George acting as their manager as well as doing some singing on sessions and in clubs in Palm Beach.
They were about to return to college to study law enforcement, when Richard Finch and Harry Wayne Casey of KC and the Sunshine Band invited them to sing the lyrics for a song that they had recorded for the band, but could not reach the high notes that were required for the song. The original intention was that Gwen, their wife, should record it, but they were late for the session and George recorded alone. It suited their high-pitched voice to the extent that the song, "Rock Your Baby", became one of the first hits of the disco era in 1974, selling an estimated eleven million copies worldwide, topping the charts in the U.S. and the UK. The song was so successful that Rolling Stone magazine voted it the No. 1 song of the year in 1974. McCrae received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Male R&B Vocalist the following year.
Two further single releases, "I Can't Leave You Alone" and "It's Been So Long" also reached the UK Singles Chart Top 10. They recorded several further albums for TK, including George McCrae (1975) and Diamond Touch (1976), and also continued to record with, and manage, their wife until their divorce in 1976. They had two daughters together, Sophia and Leah.
While they continued to record albums including We Did It! and their second self-titled album George McCrae (both 1978), their commercial popularity slipped as the decade progressed. They married a second time, moved to Canada, and entered a period of semi-retirement, leaving TK at the end of the 1970s. With their second wife, they had another daughter, Jennifer McCray.
They returned with the album One Step Closer to Love in 1984, the title track from which entered the charts in the United Kingdom, Canada and the Netherlands. In 1988, they had a daughter, Marcella, with their then-girlfriend, Rosanna Molignini. They moved to the village Munstergeleen in the Netherlands and remarried again, to Dutch model Yvonne Bergsma, in 1989. They have a son, Shaka.
Their later albums found some success in Europe, and they continued to perform regularly there. By the 2000s, they shared their time between homes in Florida, Aruba, and the Netherlands. In 2016 George McCrae released a new concept album called LOVE that was produced by the Dutch producer / composer Roger Heijster. The album was recorded without sequencing using only vintage instruments. Leah and Sophia McCrae, George's two daughters from their first marriage to Gwen McCrae, provide the backing vocals for this album. The album was album of the week in Germany and the single "Sexy Woman" was #1 in Mallorca. In December 2017, McCrae performed on the BBC's Hootenanny show hosted by Jools Holland.
Discography
Albums
Singles
See also
List of soul musicians
List of disco artists (F-K)
List of artists who reached number one in the United States
List of artists who reached number one on the UK Singles Chart
List of performers on Top of the Pops
List of artists who reached number one on the Billboard R&B chart
List of Epic Records artists
Notes
References
External links
Home page
1944 births
Living people
20th-century African-American male singers
American soul singers
People from West Palm Beach, Florida
Musicians from Miami
Jay Boy artists
American expatriates in the Netherlands
21st-century African-American people
21st-century African-American men
Vasilică Cristocea (born 27 July 1980) is a Romanian former football player who played as a midfielder. They made 249 appearances in Liga I.
Career
Cristocea made their debut playing for Carsium Hârşova's youth teams, before joining Farul Constanţa in 1999. They spent most of their career at Constanţa's team, playing 156 matches and scoring 26 goals until 2006, when they were transferred by Steaua București.
Together with Steaua București they won the 2005–06 Divizia A season and played several matches in UEFA Champions League and UEFA Cup. In 2008, they were loaned to Ceahlăul Piatra Neamţ.
In 2009, they returned to Farul Constanţa where they played for one season before moving to the other town's team, Viitorul Constanţa. They played three years for Viitorul and in July 2013 they joined the Liga I team, Universitatea Cluj.
Honours
Steaua București
Liga I: 2005–06
Supercupa României: 2006
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
People from Hârșova
Romanian footballers
Romania under-21 international footballers
Liga I players
FCV Farul Constanța players
FC Steaua București players
FC Steaua II București players
Association football midfielders
CSM Ceahlăul Piatra Neamț players
FC Viitorul Constanța players
FC Universitatea Cluj players
Neelam or Neelum is a given name, taken from the Sanskrit word for sapphire.
People with the name
Neelam Saxena Chandra (born 1969), Indian poet and author
Neelam Ibrar Chattan (born 1994), Pakistani human rights activist
Neelam Chaturvedi (born 1960), Indian human rights activist
Neelam Mansingh Chowdhry (born 1951), Indian theatre artist
Neelam Deo, Indian ambassador
Neelam Gill (born 1995), British model
Neelam Gorhe (born 1954), Maharashtra politician
Neelum Saran Gour (born 1955), Indian writer
Neelam Jain (born 1954), Indian Jain journalist
Neelam Kler, Indian neonatologist
Neelam Kothari (born 1968), Indian Hindi film actor and jewellery designer
Neelam Mehra, Indian Hindi television and film actor
Neelam Muneer, Pakistani actor and model
Neelam Karki Niharika, Nepalese writer
Neelam Sanjiva Reddy (1913–1996), sixth President of India
Neelam Shirke (born 1980), actor in Marathi language television
Neelam Jaswant Singh (born 1971), Indian discus thrower
Neelam Sivia (born 1988), Indian actor
Neelam Sonkar (born 1973), Uttar Pradesh politician
Neelam Upadhyaya, Indian actor in Tamil and Telugu films
Neelam Verma (born 1980), television anchor and Miss Universe Canada 2002
See also
Neelam (disambiguation)
References
Indian feminine given names
Pakistani feminine given names
Sanskrit-language names
Jos Museum is a museum in Jos, Nigeria. The museum was established in 1952 by Bernard Fagg.
The museum administers the Museum of Traditional Nigerian Architecture.
History
The museum was founded in 1952 by Bernard E. B. Fagg, who served as the Director of Antiquities of the colonial administration at the time. It was the first public museum in West Africa.
In 1963, UNESCO established the Regional Training Centre in Jos. The institution was bilingual in English and French until the establishment of a separate French-language centre in Niamey. After UNESCO ended its financial support, the centre lost funding and resources.
The museum has fallen into disrepair, attributed to a lack of government funding, raising concerns about loss of cultural preservation. In 2019, the museum was only allocated ₦158,197,120.
Theft and recovery of artifacts
On 14 January 1987, the museum was robbed of many valuable artifacts by a group of thieves. A list of the stolen artifacts was made by UNESCO.
In December 1990, one of the stolen artifacts, a fifteenth-century Benin Bronze, was discovered at an auctioneer in Zürich. It was returned to the museum after two independent Swiss citizens suspected and confirmed that it was stolen.
Another stolen artifact, a bronze head from Ifẹ, was discovered in London in 2017. The sculpture had been auctioned off in 2007 by the Belgian government. It was purchased by an antiques dealer, unaware that it was stolen. The buyer attempted to sell the head through the auction house Woolley and Wallis, but auctioneer John Axford realized it was stolen and passed it on to police. This led to a legal battle between the Jos Museum and the buyer over ownership of the artifact. As of 2022, the artifact is currently held by UK police.
References
Museums in Nigeria
Museums established in 1952
Jos
Architecture museums
Archaeological museums
WSUA (1260 AM, "Caracol 1260 AM") is a Spanish news-talk radio station in Miami, Florida. It is currently owned by Grupo Latino de Radio, a subsidiary of the Spanish media conglomerate PRISA. The station is styled along the lines of two big Latin American radio stations, Caracol Radio from Colombia (from which this station got its name) and W Radio from Mexico (which most of its programs are based on, like Hoy por hoy).
History
From 1958 to 1969 the station at 1260 AM had the call letters WAME. Known as "Whammy in Miami", the station had a top 40 formats (prior to the startup of WFUN), and was initially a daytimer. The station was popular with teenagers and young adults in the city in the early days of the Rock 'n Roll era, but faded in popularity once WFUN went on the air. The station changed formats, first to "Good Music" (Easy Listening), then to R&B, with noted Miami disc jockey Nickie "Nick With a Positive Kick" Lee. WAME was later sold to Mission Broadcasting after that company divested itself of WRIZ (1550 kHz) in Coral Gables (now WRHC).
In 1969, it traded call letters with then WWOK in Charlotte, North Carolina and adopted a country music format. Mission Broadcasting, the station's owners, added an FM signal, WJOK, which was partially simulcast for a time, and later became WIGL with a totally separate format.
In the early 1980s, the station was sold from Mission Broadcasting to Metroplex, owners of top 40 Y-100. Call letters were changed to WHTT and the station broadcast a black oldies format, with emphasis on Motown and soul, and simulcasted Y-100 overnights. The station shortly thereafter took on a Hispanic format with the call letters WHTT (Radio Hit). After the station was sold again, the call letters became WSUA, Radio Suave, and took on a ballad-oriented format, similar to that of the current Romantica on FM. WSUA has discontinued broadcasting in HD Radio.
As of April 2021, the station was being sold to America CV, but it was dismissed on April 12, 2022.
References
External links
Caracol 1260 am facebook
Caracol 1260 Official Website (in Spanish)
Grupo Latino de Radio Official Website
FCC History Cards for WSUA
Cuban-American culture in Miami
Hispanic and Latino American culture in Miami
SUA
News and talk radio stations in the United States
SUA
Radio stations established in 1958
1958 establishments in Florida
Edward Langford was an actor in American films and theater productions. They were paired in films with Alice Brady.
In the 1910s, Langford acted with a company headed by Eleanor Gordon.
Filmography
The Leopardess (1923)
The Crimson Cross (1921)
Peggy Puts It Over (1921)
Wife Against Wife (1921)
The Shadow of Rosalie Byrnes (1920)
Women Men Forget (1920)
The Volcano (1919)
As Man Made Them (1917)
The Stolen Paradise (1917)
A Hungry Heart (1917)
Yankee Pluck (1917)
The Dormant Power (1917)
The Iron Ring (1917)
A Woman Alone (1917)
On the Brink of Shame (1916)
References
External links
American actors
Buckleria parvulus, the sundew plume moth, is a moth of the family Pterophoridae. The species was first described by William Barnes and Arthur Ward Lindsey in 1965 from Archbold Biological Station, Florida. It is found in the south-eastern United States, including Florida, North Carolina, Louisiana, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, South Carolina and Texas.
Its average wingspan is about .
The larvae feed on Drosera brevifolia, Drosera intermedia and Drosera filiformis. They feed on the glandular trichomes, leaves and flowers of their host plant. They first ingest the sticky fluid at the tips and then clear away a patch of these hairs before feeding on the rest of the leaf. They will also eat dead insects trapped by the leaves. Pupation takes place on the inflorescence stalks or on nearby blades of grass. The pupa is light green at first, changing to yellowish tan and brown.
References
Moths described in 1921
Oxyptilini
Endemic fauna of the United States
Moths of North America
Nuq (, also Romanized as Nūq, Nūgh, and Nūk; also known as Deh-e Nūq) is a village in Jazin Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 828, in 237 families.
References
Populated places in Bajestan County
Jeffrey Wilkins (born March 9, 1955) is an American former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) and other leagues. A 6'11" 230 lb center born in Chicago, Illinois, Wilkins played college basketball at Illinois State University and was selected with the 15th pick in the 2nd round of the 1977 NBA Draft by the San Antonio Spurs.
They signed with the Spurs in July 1977 but was waived prior to the start of the 1977–78 NBA season. They began their NBA playing career in 1980 with the Utah Jazz and spent the majority of it with them, but due to a mid-season trade played out part of their final year with the Spurs in 1986.
They hold career NBA averages of 7.9 points, 5.7 rebounds and 1.0 assist per game. Wilkins also won a Turkish Basketball League championship with Efes Pilsen.
Notes
External links
NBA stats @ basketballreference.com
1955 births
Living people
21st-century African-American people
African-American basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
AMG Sebastiani Basket players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Basketball players from Chicago
Centers (basketball)
Hawaii Volcanos players
Illinois State Redbirds men's basketball players
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Le Mans Sarthe Basket players
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Philippine Basketball Association imports
San Antonio Spurs draft picks
San Antonio Spurs players
Utah Jazz players
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Progesterone dioxime, or progesterone 3,20-dioxime (P4-3,20-DO), also known as 3,20-di(hydroxyimino)pregn-4-en-3-one, is a progesterone derivative which was never marketed. It is a progestogen oxime – specifically, the C3 and C20 dioxime of the progestogen progesterone. Progesterone C3 and C20 oxime conjugates have been found to be water-soluble prodrugs of progesterone and pregnane neurosteroids.
See also
List of progestogen esters § Oximes of progesterone derivatives
References
Abandoned drugs
Ketones
Pregnanes
Progestogens
Steroid oximes
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1556.
Events
Unknown dates
The first printing press in India is introduced by Jesuits at Saint Paul's College, Goa.
The first written evidence of Yakshagana dance-drama is found on an inscription at the Lakshminarayana Temple, Hosaholalu in India.
Augustus, Elector of Saxony, establishes a royal state library in Dresden, predecessor of the Saxon State and University Library Dresden.
New books
Prose
Georg Bauer – De re metallica
John Ponet – A Short Treasure of Politic Power
Poetry
Pierre de Ronsard – Les Hymnes
Births
March 7 – Guillaume du Vair, French lawyer and philosopher (died 1621)
April 27 – François Béroalde de Verville, French novelist and poet (died 1626)
July 25 (baptised) – George Peele, English dramatist and poet (died 1596)
August 10 – Philipp Nicolai, German poet and composer (died 1608)
November 15 – Jacques Davy Duperron, French poet, cardinal and politician (died 1618)
November 25 (baptised) – John Heminges, English actor and editor of the First Folio (died 1630)
Unknown date – John Paul Nazarius, Italian theologian (died 1645)
Deaths
April 26 – Valentin Friedland, German scholar and teacher (born 1490)
May 7 – Hieronymus Andreae, German printer and publisher (date of birth unknown)
July 31 – Ignatius of Loyola, Spanish theologian, founder of the Jesuits (born 1491)
October 21 – Pietro Aretino, Italian satirist (born 1492)
October 31 – Johannes Sleidanus, Luxembourgeois historian (born 1506)
November 14 – Giovanni della Casa, Florentine poet (born 1503)
December 23 – Nicholas Udall, English dramatist (born 1504)
Unknown dates
Fuzûlî, Ottoman poet and philosopher (born c.1483)
Oddur Gottskálksson, Icelandic translator (born 1514/1515)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The pound (later dollar) was the currency of Maryland from 1733 until its gradual replacement with the Continental currency and later the United States dollar between the American Revolution and the early 1800s. Initially, sterling coin circulated along with foreign coins. From 1733, this was supplemented by paper money, known as "Proclamation Money", denominated in £sd, but worth less than sterling, with 1 Maryland shilling (12 pence) = 9 pence sterling. A second "New" issue of notes was introduced in 1751, replacing the earlier notes at a rate of 1 New shilling = 1¼ Proclamation shillings.
The first issues of Continental currency in Maryland were denominated in £sd and Spanish dollars at a rate of 1 dollar = 4 shillings 6 pence. In 1780 two types of continental currency were issued, one valuing the Spanish dollar at 4 shillings 6 pence (printed in red ink and known as "Red Money"), the other (printed in black ink and known as "Black Money") valuing the Spanish dollar at 7 shillings 6 pence.
References
Historical currencies of the United States
1793 disestablishments in Maryland
Province of Maryland
Economy of Maryland
Edward Samuel Farrow, (April 20, 1855 – September 8, 1926) born in Worcester County, Maryland, was an author and a commander in the American Indian Wars of the late 19th century.  They are particularly known for their service in the Sheepeater Indian War. Farrow was a graduate of the West Point Military Academy in 1876, and was a commanding officer of Indian Scouts in the Departments of the Columbia. They went on to become Assistant Instructor of Tactics at the US Military Academy (West Point), and published prolifically on the subject of Native American Indians, Military Training, and Mountain Scouting.
Works
A Military System of Gymnastics Exercises and a System of Swimming
Farrows Manual on Military Training (1920)
American Small Arms - A veritable Encyclopedia of Knowledge for Sportsmen and Military Men
Mineral Resources of Bland County in Southwestern Virginia
Gas Warfare
References
1855 births
1926 deaths
People from Worcester County, Maryland
United States Army officers
United States Military Academy alumni
United States Military Academy faculty
Gandoi is town and union council of Dera Bugti District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. It has an altitude of 250 metres (823 feet).
References
Populated places in Dera Bugti District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
Barbara "Baba" Lybeck (born 26 December 1966 in Pargas) is a Finnish journalist. They have a Master's degree in literature. They have worked as a news presenter for the Finnish TV channel Nelonen from 1998. Lybeck quit presenting news in 2009 and moved to Yleisradio to work as a journalist.
They have worked as the presenter and chief judge of the quiz show Uutisvuoto since autumn 2010 after Peter Nyman moved to MTV3 to work as a news presenter. Previously Lybeck has worked at Radio City and presented the NO TV show on MTV3, as well as the Finnish Top 40 music show on YLE and the Swedish language shows Bosses Bio and Talking Heads on FST. Lybeck was also present in the TV show Viemäri-TV.
Baba Lybeck's grandparents were author Tito Colliander and artist Ina Colliander.
References
External links
Baba Lybeck in 375 humanists 13.04.2015, Faculty of Arts, University of Helsinki
1966 births
Living people
People from Pargas
Swedish-speaking Finns
Finnish television presenters
Finnish journalists
Finnish women television presenters
Members of the Orthodox Church of Finland
Finnish women journalists
Louis-Marie Michon (2 November 1802 in Blanzy, Saône-et-Loire – 6 May 1866 in Paris) was a French surgeon.
They studied medicine in Paris, where in 1826 they became an interne (interne provisoire the preceding year). From 1830 they served as aide d'anatomie to the medical faculty, attaining their agrégation in surgery in 1832 with the thesis De la carie et de la nécrose. During the same year they were appointed as surgeon to the "Bureau central", followed by chirurgien des hôpitaux in 1835. As a physician, they distinguished themselves during the Revolution of 1848.
In 1843 they were a founding member of the Société nationale de chirurgie (today known as Académie nationale de chirurgie), and in 1863 was admitted to the Académie de Médecine. Posthumously (1873), they were praised at the annual meeting of the Société nationale de chirurgie by Felix Guyon (1831–1920).
They were the author of an early treatise on tumors of synovial tissue titled Des tumeurs synoviales de la partie inférieure de l'avant-bras, de la face palmaire du poignet et de la main- 1851 (Synovial tumors of the lower part of the forearm, the volar wrist and hand).
They were an officer of the Légion d'Honneur, and the father of politician Joseph Michon (1836–1904).  They are buried in Montcenis, Saône-et-Loire.
References
Sociétés savantes (biography)
French surgeons
People from Saône-et-Loire
1802 births
1866 deaths
The Old Palace School Bombing on 20 April 1941 caused the largest single loss of life of firefighters in the history of the United Kingdom.
The Old Palace School in Poplar, London was being used as an Auxiliary Fire Service sub-station during The Blitz of World War II. 34 firefighters, 21 of whom had been sent from Beckenham in south London to assist their East End colleagues, were present in the station when it was hit by a parachute mine. All 34 men and women were killed and the school was destroyed.
Lansbury Lawrence Primary School was built on the site of the Old Palace School. The bombing is commemorated by a plaque on the school grounds inscribed with the following words.
In memory of the 13 London firefighters and women and 21 Beckenham firefighters killed on the night of 19th April 1941 when a bomb destroyed the old school being used as a sub-fire station. This is the largest single loss of Fire Brigade personnel in English history. Details of this tragic incident were recorded in the wartime diaries of Mr W. Somerville, an off duty member of the Homerton crew. It is to them and the many thousands of men and women that made up the A.F.S. and N.F.S. 1939-1945 that this plaque is also dedicated.
See also
Fire services in the United Kingdom
List of British firefighters killed in the line of duty
References
Terrorist incidents in England
Terrorist incidents in the United Kingdom
Terrorist incidents in 1941
1941 in England
1941 in London
Wola Uchańska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north of Uchanie, north-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
CPW may refer to:
ST Kinetics CPW, a submachine gun
Camp Project Wales, a youth project for disadvantaged children run by the United Reformed Church in the 1970s and 1980s
Central Park West, an avenue in Manhattan
Central Park West (TV series), a short-lived U.S. television drama in the mid-90s
Central Plains Water Enhancement Scheme, an irrigation proposal for Canterbury, New Zealand
Commercial Processing Workload, a server benchmarking tool from IBM
Colorado Parks and Wildlife, a division of the Colorado Department of Natural Resources
Conquer Pro Wrestling, a wrestling promotion
Coplanar waveguide, a type of printed electrical transmission line
Customer premises wiring, customer-owned communications transmission lines
The stock market symbol for The Carphone Warehouse
Senator Edmondson may refer to:
Henry A. Edmondson (1833–1918), Virginia State Senate
J. Howard Edmondson (1925–1971), Oklahoma State Senate
"When She's Near" is the first single from the Jon Foreman/Sean Watkins collaboration Fiction Family's debut eponymous album. The song was first heard in early performances by Fiction Family, who still went by the name The Real SeanJon at the time. The earliest recorded performance was in December 2007. The finalized studio version was posted on the duo's Myspace on October 7, 2008, and was later made available for free download on the band's website.
Writing and recording
Watkins originally wrote the melodies for the intro, verses, and bridge as the beginnings to one song, and Foreman had written the chorus for a song of their own. "It's actually the melody to a song I wrote a long time ago called ‘Teaberry.' I wrote it in '03 or '04, and I didn't like the words, but I liked the melody,” Watkins said. “I brought the melody in and Jon did most of the lyrics." The songs eventually meshed together into the one song it is now. "I feel like it's a good blend of both of our voices," says Foreman.
Music video
Fiction Family shot a music video for the song on October 15, 2008. It was directed by Brandon Dickerson, who had directed many videos for Foreman's band, Switchfoot. Watkins said on their Myspace blog,"I won't say too much about it 'cause I don't want to spoil the plot and ruin it for you but I will say it involved me taped to and pushed around in a dolly and Jon being carried around like some Biblical king in transit for hours on end."
The video was first released Monday, December 15, 2008, on Vimeo.
Chart positions
References
2008 singles
Songs written by Jon Foreman
Songs written by Sean Watkins
2007 songs
ATO Records singles
Shipley and Great Woods is a Site of Special Scientific Interest in the Teesdale district of south-west County Durham, England. It occupies a steep ravine in the valley of the River Tees, just north of the village of Cotherstone. The woodland growing on the valley slopes, cliffs and screes is one of the most important woodland sites in North-east England, being home to several local plant species and the richest assemblage of woodland lichens in the region.
References
Sites of Special Scientific Interest in County Durham
Forests and woodlands of County Durham
The Rural Municipality of Wawken No. 93 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 1 and Division No. 1. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Wawken No. 93 incorporated as a rural municipality on January 1, 1913. Although possessing a sound inventory similar to many Saskatchewan place names of indigenous Algonquian origin, the name Wawken is in fact a portmanteau of Wawota and Kennedy, the RM's two main urban communities.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Towns
Wawota
Villages
Kennedy
Kenosee Lake
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Dumas
Vandura
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Wawken No. 93 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Wawken No. 93 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Economy
Agriculture plays an important role in the RM.
Attractions
The RM includes Kenosee Lake (located with Moose Mountain Provincial Park) and the Kenosee Superslides. The RM also includes the ghost town of Cannington Lake.
Government
The RM of Wawken No. 93 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Thursday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Dawn Cameron while its administrator is Katelyn Ethier. The RM's office is located in Wawota.
See also
List of rural municipalities in Saskatchewan
List of communities in Saskatchewan
References
Wawken
Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
East Kerema Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Gulf Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Lelefiru
02. Kukipi
03. Uritai
04. Popo
05. Lese
06. Miaru
07. Iokea
08. Sepoe
References
Local-level governments of Gulf Province
Anthony McLeod known as Tony (born 29 April 1959) is a male retired British biathlete. McLeod competed in the 20 km individual event at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Their brother is Olympian Mike McLeod.
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
British male biathletes
Olympic biathletes of Great Britain
Biathletes at the 1984 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Newcastle upon Tyne
Philippe Housiaux (born 10 December 1947) is a Belgian sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
References
1947 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Belgian male sprinters
Belgian male long jumpers
Olympic athletes of Belgium
Place of birth missing (living people)
Legislative elections were held in Russia on 18 September 2016. On 5 October 2016 Sergey Naryshkin resigned because of their appointment as Director of SVR. On 14 June, the Central Election Commission scheduled an election in the Kingisepp constituency for 10 September 2017.
Results by 112 Kingisepp constituency 2016
United Russia primary
On May 28, 2017, the United Russia held primary for the selection of candidate in Kingisepp's Constituency. The primary was attended by eight people. It was possible to vote for multiple candidates.
Candidates
Registered
United Russia: Sergey Yakhnyuk, Vice-Governor of Leningrad Oblast - Chairman of regional Committee for agriculture and fishing industry
Communist Party: Nikolay Kuzmin, former deputy of State Duma (2014-2016), 2016 candidate for State Duma for this seat
Liberal Democratic Party: Natalya Kruglova, actor
A Just Russia: Marina Lyubushkina, 2016 candidate for State Duma for this seat
Communists of Russia: Konstantin Zhukov, executive secretary of the Central Committee of Communists of Russia
Yabloko (with the support of the People's Freedom Party): Sergey Gulyaev, journalist, Second Chechen War veteran, former deputy of Legislative Assembly of Leningrad Oblast (2002-2007)
Party of Pensioners: Andrey Shirokov, president of Assistance Fund for Regional Projects and Programs, former deputy of Moscow City Duma (1997-2001), 2016 candidate for State Duma
Rodina: Valery Shinkarenko, lawyer, 2016 candidate for State Duma in the Volkhov constituency
Patriots of Russia: Serik Urazov, business person
Result
|-
! colspan=2 style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Candidate
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;" |Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:right;" |%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|Sergey Yakhnyuk
|United Russia
|61,420
|61.6%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|Nikolay Kuzmin
|Communist Party
|11,269
|11.3%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|Marina Lyubushkina
|A Just Russia
|6,942
|7.0%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|Natalya Kruglova
|Liberal Democratic Party
|5,198
|5.2%
|-
|style="background: #1E90FF;"|
|Andrey Shirokov
|Party of Pensioners
|3,714
|3.7%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|Sergey Gulyaev
|Yabloko
|3,138
|3.2%
|-
|style="background: #E62020;"|
|Konstantin Zhukov
|Communists of Russia
|3,040
|3.0%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|Valery Shinkarenko
|Rodina
|1,109
|1.1%
|-
|style="background-color: " |
|Serik Urazov
|Patriots of Russia
|758
|0.7%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="3" style="text-align:left;" | Total
| 96,588
| 100%
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
External links
CEC Russia
112 Kingisepp Results primary election United Russia
References
2017
2017 elections in Russia
7th State Duma of the Russian Federation
By-elections to the 7th Russian State Duma
Ivan Shopov (; born ) is a Bulgarian wheelchair curler.
Teams
References
External links
Living people
1966 births
Bulgarian male curlers
Bulgarian wheelchair curlers
Varangu may refer to several places in Estonia:
Varangu, Haljala Parish, village in Lääne-Viru County, Estonia
Varangu, Väike-Maarja Parish, village in Lääne-Viru County, Estonia
Cheryl Charming (born November 19, 1960) is an American bar professional and published author of 16 books on cocktails and bartending. They currently work as the Bar Director at the Bourbon "O” Bar in New Orleans, Louisiana, and in 2014 was named the New Orleans Magazine Mixologist of the Year.  They are nationally known for their bartending and books.
Early life
Charming was born on November 19, 1960 in Azusa, California, to Barbara and Gordon Caple. In 1965, the family moved to Little Rock, Arkansas.
While attending Bryant High School, Cheryl took their first job at age 16 as a waiter at a pizza parlor. This gave them the experience to obtain a food waiter position at John Barleycorn's Vision, a restaurant & bar in Little Rock with many themed rooms. A cocktail server called in sick one night and they were asked to cover the position – their bar career began. Later, Cheryl took a job as a cocktail server at the Cabaret on Kavanaugh Blvd. in the Heights. After six months, owner Lynda Johnson promoted them to head bartender. Cheryl found themselves serving minor celebrities such as President Bill Clinton's brother and Gennifer Flowers.
Career
Charming's first bartending job was at a cabaret nightclub in Arkansas. tending bar for five years aboard a Royal Caribbean cruise ship, Charming began working at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida in 1989. They were part of the opening team of Pleasure Island. Later they transferred to the Grand Floridian Beach Resort & Spa where they tended the beach bar serving the rich and famous. There, their knack for bar tricks and bar magic earned them a job teaching those skills to other Disney cast members through Disney's food and beverage training program called Quest for the Best.
Bar tricks and bar magic was the subject of Charming's first book, Miss Charming's Book of Bar Amusements, published in 2000 because they had collected almost 1000 tricks. Since then, they have published a total of 16 books on cocktails, bar magic, and related subjects. Them most recent book (The Cocktail Companion) was released in November, 2019.
After the turn of the millennium, Charming went back to college to study graphic design, hosted seminars at the New Orleans-based Tales of the Cocktail Festival, and began working as a freelance mixologist and cocktail menu designer for Brown-Forman. While working on a book project, Cheryl needed to know when the first Cosmopolitan was mentioned on the television series, Sex and the City. Them Cosmopolitan research lasted many years and is documented on their website and in their 16th book.
In 2010 Charming moved to New Orleans and began working at the Bombay Club. In April 2013, they took over as bar director of the Bourbon "O” Bar in the Bourbon Orleans Hotel. Charming has been an early proponent of the craft cocktail movement, they set out to modernize their menu with contemporary seasonal cocktails, recipes for the Bourbon Street clientele, renovate the interior, and introduce a live jazz program. The Bourbon O Bar is the first "fresh" cocktail bar on Bourbon Street. Many of Charming's innovations and "bar hacks" have been widely recognized in cocktail culture and cocktail media.
In December 2014, Charming was named New Orleans Magazine's Mixologist of the Year in recognition of their work at the Bourbon "O”.
They have been called the "Martha Stewart of the cocktail world."
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
American women writers
American bartenders
21st-century American women
This is a list of yearly Nebraska College Conference football standings.
Nebraska College Conference football standings
Pre-NAIA (1919–1955)
NAIA (1956–1969)
NAIA Division I (1970–1976)
References
Nebraska College Conference
Nebraska College Conference
Standings
Nebraska College Conference football standings
CKBF-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts at 104.1 FM and online at CFB Suffield in the province of Alberta. The station airs a mixture of news and music programming, some produced locally for British and Canadian personnel stationed at the base, and some syndicated from the British Forces Broadcasting Service for personnel of the British Army Training Unit Suffield.
The station was licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission on May 1, 2000.
In 2019, the CRTC approved an application to add a second transmitter for this station, on 107.1 MHz with an ERP of 920 watts, to address reception difficulties in some portions of the air base.
References
External links
KBF
KBF
KBF
Radio stations established in 2000
2000 establishments in Alberta
Cauã Reymond Marques (, born 20 May 1980) is a Brazilian actor.  They are best known for their television roles in Malhação and Cordel Encantado. Their television credits include Belíssima, Passione, A Favorita, and Avenida Brasil.
Biography
Reymond was born in Rio de Janeiro.  They are of Swiss, Portuguese and Native Brazilian descent.
Personal life
In 2007, they married actor Grazi Massafera. They have a daughter named Sofia.
In 2013, Reymond and Massafera separated.
Filmography
Awards
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Male actors from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian people of Swiss descent
Brazilian people of Portuguese descent
Brazilian people of indigenous peoples descent
Brazilian male telenovela actors
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian male television actors
SM UB-143 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 3 October 1918 as SM UB-143.
They were surrendered to Japan on 1 December 1918 and served in the Imperial Japanese Navy as O-7 until 1921, when they were broken up in Yokohama.
Construction
Built by AG Weser of Bremen in one year of construction, UB-143 was launched at Bremen on 21 August 1918, carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with a deck gun. UB-143 would carry a crew of up to 3 officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . Displacement was while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Bremen (state)
Foreign submarines of the Imperial Japanese Navy
Kempa is a surname. Notable bearers include:
Beata Kempa (born 1966), Polish politician
Bernhard Kempa (1920–2017), German handball player
Diana Kempa (born 1992), Kazakhstani volleyball player
See also
Kempa Airport
Kempa, a Uhlsport brand
Oszczów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Royal and viceroyal transport in Canada have included a variety of vehicles generally used for royal tours in Canada, and viceregal official and ceremonial duties in both the provincial and the federal spheres. The technology employed has mirrored the development of transportation since the late 17th century, when the first members of the Royal Family ventured from Great Britain to British North America. As the Canadian Royal Family is not predominantly resident in the country, those that belong to it have generally always had to make a trans-Atlantic crossing before switching to alternate over-land, water, or air transportation once in Canada.
Royal favour
As different forms of transportation developed in the 19th and 20th centuries, members of the Royal Family, like the general public, used them all. For instance, Albert Edward, Prince of Wales (later King Edward VII), during the first true royal tour of Canada, which they undertook in 1860, was keen to try all the different forms of conveyance available, including steam ship and locomotive. Their grandson, Edward, Prince of Wales, favoured American cars and became the first member of the Royal Family to pilot an airplane and, though their brother, King George VI, was predictable and sedate in their choice of transport, George's wife, Queen Elizabeth, tried everything from golf carts to helicopters. Similarly, Queen Elizabeth II has travelled in the state landau, a stagecoach, and monorail, the latter at their own personal request when touring Expo 67.
Air
The Royal Family has been mostly transported since the 1960s aboard the Canadian Royal Flight, originally using a CC-137 Husky, and currently using a customized CC-150 Polaris flown by crews of 437 Transport Squadrons, based at 8 Wing, Trenton, Ontario. 437 Squadrons is part of the Air Transport Group, who, along with 412 Squadrons in Ottawa, are charged with flying the Royal Family, the governor general, and other VIPs. Members of the Royal Family will also occasionally use commercial aircraft, such as when Queen Elizabeth II used a British Airways Concorde. Air Command helicopters and other aircraft are used where needed for shorter flights during segments of visits.
Land
Carriage and automobile
The Canadian state landau was originally purchased by Governor General the Earl Grey from the Governor-General of Australia, where the carriage had been built in the 1890s (made by Ewing Brothers in Melbourne, Australia from hand-carved wood and wrought-iron), and was in 1911 gifted by Grey to the federal King-in-Council. Save for a period during the Second World War, the landau has been used for ceremonial processions through Ottawa of the governor general or members of the Royal Family, typically between the royal residence of Rideau Hall and Parliament Hill. The landau is maintained by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police since 1911.
Queen Elizabeth II also used another landau, but it is not owned by the Government of Canada. The C Spring Barouche landau, owned by the Ontario Jockey Club, was a gift from E.P. Taylor. Made by Barker and Company of Britain, it has been used to transport members of the Royal Family during the Queen's Plate event in Toronto.
Cars have been employed frequently to transport members of the Royal Family and governors general around localized areas of Canada. The sovereign's car bears a licence plate with a gold St. Edward's Crown on a red field. In 1926, in anticipation of the 1927 royal tour of Canada undertaken by Prince Edward of Wales (later the Duke of Windsor) and their brother, Prince George, Duke of Kent, the first state cars of Canada, two Mclaughlin-Buick seven passenger open touring cars were constructed for their use by General Motors Canada. Mclaughlin Motor Car Company, was a Canadian automobile company that produced cars under the marque Mclaughlin, later branded Mclaughlin-Buick, that was purchased in 1918 by General Motors and became its Canadian subsidiary. Two McLaughlin-Buick Phaetons were built for the 1939 Royal tour of Canada. One of these later carried Prince Charles and Diana, Princess of Wales, during their 1986 visit to Canada.
Rail
Railways were a frequently used mode of transportation for royal and vice-royal parties from the mid-19th to mid-20th centuries; though, until the completion of the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR), the viceregal party would have to pass through the United States in order to reach the western parts of Canada. Dedicated carriages were constructed and special trains reserved for official and private trips, but, unlike other vehicles, were never owned by the monarch, either as head of state or in a private capacity; instead, they were built and maintained by the railway companies—the Canadian National Railway (CNR) and the CPR—each always attempting to better the other in terms of luxury and conveniences. Prince Albert Edward was in 1860 the first royal to use a train in Canada; the CPR constructed for their tour two railway cars, one specifically for a sightseeing journey across the Victoria Bridge in Montreal after its opening by the Prince. Then, in the 1880s, Governor General the Marquess of Lorne and their wife, Princess Louise, were supplied with a railway car named Victoria for use in both travelling around the provinces and territories and as a mobile royal and vice-royal residence in parts of the country where amenities were minimal. When it was stopped at the yet-to-be-named capital of the North-West Territories, it was in this car that the Princess in 1882 named the new community Regina, after their mother, the Queen.
For the 1901 tour of the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and York (later King George V and Queen Mary), two railway cars were specially built by the CPR to serve as mobile royal quarters. One, named Cornwall, served as the day car, with a reception room panelled in Circassian walnut with blue and gold Louis XV ornament and fitted with a piano, as well as a dining room painted in a Watteau style, and a boudoir for the Duchess lined in silk. The other car, York, contained the bedrooms, reached through a green velvet lined vestibule, the Duke's in grey and crimson and the Duchess' in blue. Altogether the Royal Train, which always followed the viceregal and ministerial train, consisted of ten cars totalling in length, the remainder being Canada, with an additional five sleeping cabins; Sandringham, the staff dining car; South Africa, housing the secretaries' offices and medical dispensary; and Australia and India, with further sleeping quarters.
Three years later, the Alexandra was built and used as the primary VIP transport by members of the Royal Family, governors general, and prime ministers through to the 1920s. It was used, and, in contrast to their opinion of royal trains in Britain, enjoyed by Edward, Prince of Wales (later King Edward VIII), during their months-long tours of Canada; as they said in 1919: "I progressed westward in a magnificent special train provided by the Canadian Pacific Railway. My quarters were in the rear car, which had an observation platform. This last... while providing me with a continuous view of the varied Canadian landscape had however the drawback of making me vulnerable to demands for ad lib speeches from the crowds gathered at every stop." Four years later, the Prince briefly took the controls of the CPR 4-6-2 engine pulling the Royal Train.
In 1926, two other carriages were built for state use: the Mount Stephen—which was used by the Duke and Duchess of Windsor; Princess Elizabeth and Prince Philip; Princess Margaret; and Princess Anne—and the Wentworth—which served as car number 5 (the accommodation for then prime minister William Lyon Mackenzie King) of the Royal Train for the 1939 tour of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. During that journey, the King, somewhat of a railbuff, rode in the engine cab when possible, and at the end of the trip gave their permission for the CPR both to use the prefix royal before the locomotive class' name of Hudson and to display the royal crown on the running boards of these engines. The engines and cars were sold and dispersed in later years; the Mount Stephen and Wentworth today form a part of the CPR's Royal Canadian Pacific train; the Royal Hudson No. 2850 resides at the Canadian Railway Museum; and the car Pacific, purchased by Paul Higgins, the former Chairman of Mother Parker's, now sits unused on a spur line in Ajax, Ontario.
Until 1959, Royal Trains operated by the Canadian Pacific Railway and the federally-owned Canadian National Railways were used to transport Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of Edinburgh across the country. For them, and all royal parties before them travelling by train, precautions were taken ahead of the locomotive; railway line staff would be placed at platforms and on bridges for crowd control, a scout train would check for problems ahead of the royal train's arrival, and other trains that might be running parallel with the Royal Train were made to move at a different speed to prevent passengers looking into the royal carriages.
Today, the Royal Canadian Pacific train service operates in Western Canada and was given the 'Royal' designation in 2000.
Water
Up until the middle of the 20th century, ships were frequently used for royal and vice-regal tours of Canada. Members of the Royal Family would voyage from the United Kingdom to the east coast of Canada at Halifax or Saint John, or transit the Saint Lawrence River to Quebec City; from one of these ports they would then embark on a train for overland journey. The ships used were either commercial or military; for their 1939 tour, King George VI and Queen Elizabeth travelled across the Atlantic on the Canadian Pacific ship RMS Empress of Australia for the westbound voyage, and on the RMS Empress of Britain eastbound. The royal yacht HMY Britannia was completed in 1954, and after the opening of the Saint Lawrence Seaway in 1959, could sail into the Great Lakes. This ship was decommissioned in 1997, however, and last sailed in Canadian waters in the summer of 1983, when it carried Prince Charles, Prince of Wales, and Diana, Princess of Wales.
See also
Air transport of the British royal family and government
Air transports of heads of state and government
Royal tours of Canada
References
Sources
Monarchy in Canada
Canada
Royal vehicles
Vehicles of Canada
