The Core Socialist Values is a set of official interpretations of Chinese socialism promoted at the 18th National Congress of the Chinese Communist Party in 2012. The 12 values, written in 24 Chinese characters, are the national values of "prosperity", "democracy", "civility" and "harmony"; the social values of "freedom", "equality", "justice" and the "rule of law"; and the individual values of "patriotism", "dedication", "integrity" and "friendship".
Background
In 1989, paramount leader Deng Xiaoping stated in a speech that they considered education to be the biggest reform failure of the 1980s, and in particular ideological and political education. The government had tried to effect mass campaigns to this end, but these would not ultimately be regarded as effective. The Death of Wang Yue in 2011 might be considered an instigator for a new program. In 2012, the building of a system of "Core Socialist Values" was proposed to address what was perceived as a moral crisis resulting from China's rapid economic development, which the People's Daily refers to as the "decayed, outdated ideals of mammonism and extreme individualism." At the 18th National Congress, Party general secretary Hu Jintao represented the 17th Central Committee and presented the content of the new values that are intended to be enshrined by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP).
A quote from CCP general secretary Xi Jinping at the Eighteenth National Congress says:
Program
The program called for the local governments to "organize moral education campaigns", and for media organizations to "practice self-discipline". In addition, artists were asked to promote the values, while party members and state officials are expected to put these new values in practice. It also called on schools to incorporate them, with the Ministry of Education issuing a document in 2014 requesting all educational institutions promote them. Xi Jinping expressed in a high-level meeting that promotional campaigns for 'Core Socialist Values' should be thorough, to the extent that public support for Chinese-style socialism will be "as ubiquitous as the air". Another quote from 2014 further elaborates their position:
In 2016, Hunan Province officials responded to the campaign by organizing a series of dance routines to "spread the values" and express their support for the Communist Party.
To assess the effectiveness on how well the 'Core Socialist Values' are being promoted, a recent official survey conducted by Zhejiang Province reveals that 97.1% of the university students asked in 2016 are familiar with the subject. As for the general public, 75.2% acknowledge the importance of the subject, although only 35.7% of the respondents are familiar with the content that are being promoted by the central government.
In June 2017, the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television issued several notices that intended to further restrict freedom of the press. One of the notices, with a patriotic bent, demanded broadcasters promote core values in their programs and "forcefully oppose" content that celebrates "money worship, hedonism, radical individualism and feudal thought."
Reception
Shiyuan Hao considers the program of "great significance" for a "multi-national country like China", and for the creation of both a "harmonious culture" and a "creative breeding ground" for cultural diversity.
Michael Gow considers that, compelled to align its interests with the "broader interests of the Chinese people and different groups", the program for Core Socialist Values might best be analyzed as a shift from a focus on the economy to cultural power; or, if one wished to extrapolate, an attempt to cement legitimacy through the creation of a new cultural order, consent to which might be regarded as "essential for long-term social stability".
Liu Ruisheng, a researcher of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences School of Journalism, criticizes the governments attempts more generally as simply lacking the same depth of value promotion in the west, which is "concealed" in the social sciences, education, religion, and entertainment, whereas the CCP presents ideology ad hoc.  They are still pro-CCP however.
Academic Director Frank N. Pieke refers to the values as Confucian and as otherwise lacking any specifically Socialist content, but then as Michael Gow points out most Chinese do share a "broadly accepted, common-sense understanding of Confucian values."
List of Values
The twelve Core Socialist Values are:
National values
Prosperity ()
Democracy ()
Civility ()
Harmony ()
Social values
Freedom ()
Equality ()
Justice ()
Rule of law ()
Individual values
Patriotism ()
Dedication ()
Integrity ()
Friendship ()
See also
Chinese Dream
Eight Honors and Eight Shames
Xi Jinping Thought
Three Principles of the People
References
Further reading
External links
Politics of China
Chinese culture
Ideology of the Chinese Communist Party
2010s in China
Socialism
Stephen Nathan Kinnock (born 1 January 1970) is a Welsh politician who has served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Aberavon since 2015. A member of the Labour Party, they have been Shadow Minister for Immigration since 2022.
Early life and education
Kinnock was born in Tredegar, Monmouthshire, the son of British politicians Glenys Kinnock and Neil Kinnock. They describe themselves as from a "Labour and Trade Union family".
Kinnock was educated at Drayton Manor High School, a comprehensive school in Hanwell, London. They studied Modern Languages at Queens' College, Cambridge, graduating with a Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree. They studied for a Master of Arts (MA) degree at the College of Europe in Bruges, graduating in 1993.
Although Kinnock's mother was a Welsh speaker, their father was not; they have suggested that Glenys "was reluctant to use Welsh with me for fear of shutting them out". They began learning the language properly as an adult, making a pledge to do so when they stood as a parliamentary candidate for a Welsh constituency.  They are multi-lingual and has stated that "Languages go to right to the root of me", adding "...as a politician I want
to reach out and listen. Languages are a major part of that."
Early career
Kinnock worked as a research assistant at the Brussels European Parliament before becoming a British Council Development and Training Services executive based in Brussels in 1997. They held various positions with the British Council including director of its St. Petersburg office. Following the Russian authorities' closure of this office, Kinnock was posted to the British Council in Sierra Leone.
In January 2009, they joined the World Economic Forum as director, head of Europe and Central Asia, based in Geneva, Switzerland. In August 2012, they took up a position at the business consultancy Xyntéo in London, Kinnock was managing director of the "Global Leadership and Technology Exchange" in 2012.
Refuted tax evasion allegation
In June 2010, the Danish tabloid newspaper B.T. accused Kinnock of tax evasion. At that time, they were paying tax in Switzerland where their workplace was situated, and where they had declared their main residence, although their wife's political website stated that "The family lives in Østerbro in Copenhagen". The couple had previously stated to the media that Kinnock would spend their weekends in Denmark, sometimes including Thursday, and that they regarded their home and base as being exclusively with their family in Copenhagen. According to the newspaper, they would possibly exceed 183 days a year in Denmark, meaning they would be fully taxable there. Their wife rebutted the accusations but said the couple would ask the Danish tax authority for an audit. The audit was concluded on 17 September 2010, and concluded that "Mr Kinnock does not have tax liability for 2007, 08, or 09, as they do not reside in this country within the meaning of the Danish Tax at Sources Act".
Political career
In March 2014, Kinnock was selected as the Labour Party candidate for the seat of Aberavon in Wales for the 2015 General Election. On 7 May 2015, they were elected the Member of Parliament for Aberavon with a majority of 10,445.
Kinnock was appointed Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to the shadow Business, Innovation and Skills team in September 2015. They resigned as PPS in June 2016 and supported Owen Smith's failed attempt to replace Jeremy Corbyn in the 2016 Labour Party leadership election.
During the 2017 general election campaign, Kinnock was one of four MPs critical of Jeremy Corbyn's leadership of the Labour Party who were followed for six weeks for the BBC documentary Labour: The Summer that Changed Everything. The documentary showed Kinnock predicting the poll would "not be a good night" for Labour, and their response to Labour gains in the election. They were re-elected in 2017 with an increased majority of 16,761, and 68.1% of the vote share.
Kinnock held their seat at the 2019 general election with a majority of 10,490 and a vote share of 53.8%. They endorsed Lisa Nandy in the 2020 Labour Party leadership election.
Following Keir Starmer's election as Labour Leader in April 2020, they were appointed as Shadow Asia and Pacific Minister. Kinnock changed role in the December 2021 front bench reshuffle, becoming Shadow Armed Forces Minister, and moved again in February 2022, following Jack Dromey's death, to become Shadow Immigration Minister.
COVID-19 non-compliance allegation
Kinnock posted a photo on Twitter after travelling from Wales to London to visit their father on their birthday on 28 March 2020 – five days after the lockdown came into force. They were social distancing, but South Wales Police responded: "We know celebrating your Dad's birthday is a lovely thing to do; however, this is not essential travel. We all have our part to play in this, we urge you to comply with @GOVUK restrictions, they are in place to keep us all safe. Thank you." Kinnock stated that "this was essential travel as I had to deliver some necessary supplies to my parents".
Personal life
Their father, Neil Kinnock, is a former Leader of the Labour Party and was also a European Commissioner and Vice President of the European Commission. Their mother, Glenys Kinnock, formerly served as a Labour Party Member of the European Parliament (MEP).
In 1996, Kinnock married Helle Thorning-Schmidt, who later became Prime Minister of Denmark. They met when both attended the College of Europe. The couple have two children, including a son who came out as transgender and non-binary in 2022, aged 22. Their grandfather Neil Kinnock spoke of their pride after their grandchild came out as transgender.
Kinnock is an honorary associate of the National Secular Society.
When their father was created a life peer in 2005 as Baron Kinnock of Bedwellty, Kinnock was granted the prefix The Honourable as the son of a baron. As it is a life peerage rather than a hereditary peerage, Kinnock will not inherit their father's title.
Notes
References
External links
Official website
1970 births
Living people
Alumni of Queens' College, Cambridge
British diplomats
British expatriates in Belgium
British expatriates in Denmark
College of Europe alumni
Stephen
People educated at Drayton Manor High School
People from Tredegar
Sons of life peers
Spouses of prime ministers of Denmark
UK MPs 2015–2017
UK MPs 2017–2019
UK MPs 2019–present
Welsh Labour Party MPs
Welsh people of Scottish descent
Welsh socialists
Welsh-speaking politicians
Hans Tenggren (born 26 September 1949) is a Swedish racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 1972 Summer Olympics.
References
1949 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Swedish male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Place of birth missing (living people)
EPOCH is an intensive chemotherapy regimen intended for treatment of aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
It is often combined with rituximab. In this case it is called R-EPOCH or EPOCH-R.The R-EPOCH regimen consists of:
Rituximab: an anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody, which has the ability to kill B cells, be they normal or malignant;
Etoposide: a topoisomerase inhibitor from the group of epipodophyllotoxins;
Prednisolone: a glucocorticoid hormone that can cause apoptosis and lysis of both normal and malignant lymphocytes;
Oncovin, also known as vincristine: a vinca alkaloid that binds to the protein tubulin, thereby preventing the formation of microtubules and mitosis;
Cyclophosphamide: an alkylating antineoplastic agent;
Hydroxydaunorubicin, also known as doxorubicin: an anthracycline antibiotic that is able to intercalate DNA, damaging it and preventing cell division.
Dosing regimen
This regimen requires the use of prophylactic antibiotics to prevent infectious complications, as well as the use of colony-stimulating factors (G-CSF) from the first day after the end of chemotherapy to the day of full blood count restoration (ANC > 1000/μL).
There is also an improved version of the regimen. In this version the chemotherapy dose varies from cycle to cycle depending on the patient's ability to tolerate chemotherapy and the degree of neutropenia and thrombocytopenia observed in this patient after each cycle. This approach is called "dose-adjusted EPOCH", or "DA-EPOCH" (DA-EPOCH-R, DA-R-EPOCH or R-DA-EPOCH are used when rituximab is included).
Dose change rules are as follows:
Twice a week a full blood count with white blood cell count (WBC) differential is obtained.
Dose escalation above the starting doses in case of good patient's chemotherapy tolerability applies simultaneously to etoposide, doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide.
Dose de-escalation below the starting doses in case of poor patient's chemotherapy tolerability applies to cyclophosphamide only.
If the nadir ANC > 500/μL, then the doses of etoposide, doxorubicin, and cyclophosphamide for the next cycle are all increased by 20% over the doses used in the previous cycle.
If the nadir ANC < 500/μL on one or two blood checks, but ANC rises above 500 at the time of third check (i.e. the duration of agranulocytosis is less than nine days), and the nadir of platelet count is > 25,000/μL, then the dose for the next course will remain the same.
If the nadir ANC < 500/μL for 10 days or more, or if the nadir platelet count at every time falls below 25,000/μL, then the doses of etoposide, doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide are reduced by 20% below the doses used in the previous cycle, but doxorubicin and etoposide should not be reduced below the initial dose (dose in first course).
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
Marsdenia rostrata, the Milk Vine is a common climbing plant found in eastern, Australia. This member of the Dogbane family features white milky sap, when leaves are broken from the stem. It is found in a variety of habitats in relatively high rainfall areas, including rainforest and wet eucalyptus forest. Widespread in distribution in coastal regions, though it also appears inland in places such as the Liverpool Range. It may grow to ten metres tall, with a woody stem up to 4 cm wide. Leaves range from 4 to 13 cm long and 2 to 7 cm wide. The fruit is somewhat pear shaped, 5 cm by 2.5 cm.
The specific epithet rostrata is from ancient Greek, and it refers to the “beaked” head of the flower's stigma. In 1810, this species first appeared in scientific literature, in the Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae, authored by the prolific Scottish botanist, Robert Brown.
References
Marsdenia
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Lord Howe Island
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Flora of Queensland
Plants described in 1810
The 1932 season was the Hawthorn Football Club's 8th season in the Victorian Football League and the 31st overall.
Fixture
Premiership Season
Ladder
References
Hawthorn Football Club seasons
The Men's 800 metre freestyle competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 19 and 20 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held on 19 May at 10:53.
Final
The final was held on 20 May at 18:02.
References
Men's 800 metre freestyle
Lia Marie Johnson (born November 23, 1996) is an American actor, singer, and Internet personality, who in 2014 was profiled by Adweek as one of the "10 biggest young stars on YouTube". They first received recognition for their work on their YouTube channel, where they rose to fame for creating skits and song covers. They also made appearances in the Fine Brothers web series Kids React (2010–2011).
Johnson starred in the sketch comedy series AwesomenessTV (2013–2014), where they were recognized for portraying Terry the Tomboy, whom they also played in the Nickelodeon television movie Terry the Tomboy (2014). In 2015, Johnson made their singing debut with the single "Moment Like You". The following year, they signed with Capitol Records, and released the single "DNA", which was featured in the YouTube Premium film The Thinning (2016), which they also starred in as Ellie Harper, a role they reprised in its sequel The Thinning: New World Order (2018). They also starred in the web series T@gged (2016–2018).
Early life
Johnson was born in Wahiawa, Hawaii. They have four sisters and a brother. Them family eventually settled in California. In 2012, in a combined episode of Teens React and Elders React about the 2012 United States presidential election, Johnson stated that they were a Democrat.
Career
Johnson's YouTube account was created in 2007, with videos uploaded by their mother which featured their performances at talent shows, and church recitals. After two years, Johnson began to control the output of the channel, creating content that has come to include personal commentary, sketch comedy, and musical performances.
In 2010, Johnson began to work with the Fine Brothers as a recurring guest on their Kids React series. This exposure increased the traffic to their own channel and became an early source of their online fame. In the aftermath of the initial series episodes, they were surprised by the phenomenon of strangers knowing them and approaching them as fans, and remarked "I think Kids React was my very first viral video, 'cus everyone knew my name after that."
In 2011, Johnson was added to the recurring cast of the spin-off series Teens React, and in 2014 was moved again to the newly established YouTubers React, which featured themselves and various well known YouTube personalities. In 2014, Johnson appeared at the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards, and starred in Terry the Tomboy, a spin-off film based on the eponymous character they portray on the Nickelodeon sketch comedy series, AwesomenessTV.
In 2015, they covered the single "Latch" by Disclosure, singing with Alejandro Luis Manzano of Boyce Avenue, and released it on YouTube. The song was originally performed by singer Sam Smith. Johnson has also been featured on the covers of Adweek and BYou Magazine. On January 9, 2015, Johnson released their first single, "Moment Like You", along with a music video which can be found on their YouTube channel. They appeared in the music video for Post Malone's single "Go Flex", which was released on April 28, 2016.
On September 28, they explained to their fans that they had signed to Capitol Records, and was continuing to work on the music album they had been recording for the previous two years. The following month they released their first single produced by Howard Benson through Capitol Records titled "DNA" which surpassed 1 million Spotify streams. On February 17, 2017 Johnson released their second single "Cold Heart Killer". The music video for the song was released on March 10, 2017. A year later, Johnson debuted their third single “Champagne” on May 17, 2018.
Starting mid November 2019, Lia teased a new project on their Instagram page, with one promotional photo being posted every day. Seven days later, Lia announced their fourth single titled, "Moonflower," on November 23, 2019. Johnson released their fifth single, “Like a God”, on March 12, 2020.
In the first half of 2021, Johnson began posting personal videos and covers on their YouTube channel again after four years of inactivity. They released the single "Lifts" on January 1, 2021, followed by "Nectar" on March 19 and "Venus Sunrise" on April 30. An accompanying music video was issued for all three songs.
Filmography
Discography
As a lead artist
As a featured artist
Other appearances
Music videos
Awards and nominations
See also
Internet celebrity
List of YouTubers
Social impact of YouTube
References
External links
1996 births
21st-century American actores
Actresses from California
Actresses from Hawaii
American child actores
American television actores
Hawaii Democrats
Living people
People from Honolulu County, Hawaii
American YouTubers
American web series actores
American female YouTubers
The Hershey fonts are a collection of vector fonts developed c. 1967 by Dr. Allen Vincent Hershey at the Naval Weapons Laboratory, originally designed to be rendered using vectors on early cathode ray tube displays. Decomposing curves to connected straight lines allowed Hershey to produce complex typographic designs. In their original form the font data consists simply of a series of coordinates, meant to be connected by straight lines on the screen. The fonts are publicly available and have few usage restrictions. Vector fonts are easily scaled and rotated in two or three dimensions; consequently the Hershey fonts have been widely used in computer graphics, computer-aided design programs, and more recently also in computer-aided manufacturing applications like laser engraving.
Styles
Some glyphs were developed in four different versions, dubbed Simplex, Duplex, Complex and Triplex, which used different numbers of strokes to compose their contours.
Coverage
The fonts include Latin, Greek, Cyrillic, Japanese (kanji, hiragana and katakana). Symbolic glyphs support mathematics, musical notation, map markers, as well as meteorological symbols. The fonts also exist in Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) format to support HTML 5. Over 2,000 original plottings are defined. The font data for 1,377 (Occidental) characters was published by NIST in 1976.
Influence
The Hershey fonts were a major influence on the design of Minotaur, a typeface produced by the Parisian type foundry Production Type in 2014.
See also
Ghostscript
IGES
References
External links
http://emergent.unpythonic.net/software/hershey
http://sol.gfxile.net/hershey/index.html
Video (28:31) of a lecture by Frank Grießhammer "The Hershey Fonts"
Many Hershey fonts in .jhf format (James Hurt format) plus library code in C
CAD file formats
Computer file formats
Graphics file formats
Typefaces and fonts introduced in 1967
Typefaces
Font formats
Ligeia Mare is a lake in the north polar region of Titan, the planet Saturn's largest moon. It is the second largest body of liquid on the surface of Titan, after Kraken Mare. Larger than Lake Superior on Earth, it is mostly composed of liquid methane, with unknown but lesser components of dissolved nitrogen and ethane, as well as other organic compounds. It is located at 78° N, 249° W, and has been fully imaged by the Cassini spacecraft. Measuring roughly 420 km (260 mi) by 350 km (217 mi) across, it has a surface area of about 126,000 km2, and a shoreline over 2,000 km (1,240 mi) in length. The lake may be hydrologically connected to the larger Kraken Mare. Its namesake is Ligeia, one of the sirens in Greek mythology.
Description
Ligeia Mare has two predominant types of coastline, "crenulated" and "subdued". The former is characterized by hummocky, eroded terrain, the latter by lower, smoother topography and the presence of more numerous and longer channels. Crenulated terrain predominates on the eastern and southern sides of the lake; subdued terrain to the west and north. Except in the southeast where the rough topography extends to the coast, hummocky terrain tends to be separated from the shoreline by a more subdued bench. The coast has numerous bays that appear to be flooded river mouths (rias), and unlike at Ontario Lacus there are no visible subaerial delta deposits, possible evidence of a recent sea level rise. In the northeast and northwest sections of the mare, along about a quarter of the total shoreline, there are extensive areas where the depth is less than 5 m, shallow enough for imaging radar to penetrate to the bottom. 2013 radar measurements by Cassini indicate parts of the lake are 170 m deep which implies the liquid must be very pure methane since the radar signal was able to pass right through it. The surface of the lake appears very smooth on radar; it is flat within a few millimeters, suggesting very light surface winds.
The average depth is on the order of 50 m, while the maximum depth is probably > 200 m. The total volume is likely to be > 7,000 km3.
Hydrology
The reasons for Ligeia Mare's nearly pure methane composition are still not entirely clear. Until studies showed otherwise, it had been assumed that ethane would be the primary constituent of Titan's seas, as it is produced in Titan's upper atmosphere by the following reaction:
2 CH4 → H2 + C2H6
The lack of ethane is an open question awaiting further investigation. Theories include it migrating into the undersea crust or perhaps into Kraken Mare, whose composition has as of yet not been as well studied. In the latter case, ethane-poor liquid hydrocarbon would be the equivalent of terrestrial freshwater (Titanian precipitation is mainly methane).
In addition to ethane, Titan's atmosphere produces a wide range of more complex photochemical products, such as nitriles and benzene. These are believed to precipitate out and flow into Titan's seas. Radar data suggests that Ligeia Mare's seabed is likely covered in a thick layer of these organic compounds.
Temperature readings from the shoreline of Ligeia Mare suggest that it is porous and highly saturated with hydrocarbons. The shorelines of Ligeia Mare and other north polar lakes and maria have been stable over the period of observation by Cassini, in contrast to south polar Ontario Lacus, where there has been significant shoreline recession. However, transient phenomena have been observed including a 260 square kilometre feature dubbed "Magic Island" by Cassini scientists. The "Magic Island" area only appeared in 2014 and may be waves, bubbles or subsurface ice rising to the surface as the lake warms up during spring, or possibly silt like material suspended in the liquid hydrocarbon sea.
Proposed missions
The Titan Mare Explorer (TiME) is a lake-lander proposed in 2009 to splash down on and then drift about the lake. It was selected for a Phase-A design study in 2011 as a candidate mission for the 12th NASA Discovery Program opportunity, but was not selected for flight.
The Titan Lake In-situ Sampling Propelled Explorer (TALISE) was a conceptual design study for a Spanish lander mission envisioned to splash down and navigate across Ligeia Mare.
In 2015, the NASA Innovative Advanced Concepts program (NIAC) awarded a Phase II grant to a design study of a submarine to explore the seas of Titan.
Gallery
Notes
References
External links
Labelled map of the liquid bodies in the north polar region of Titan
Lakes of Titan (moon)
Valea Seacă is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cucova and Valea Seacă.
At the 2011 census, 64.3% of inhabitants were Romanians and 35.6% Roma.
Natives
Andrei Ursache
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Shear forming, also referred as shear spinning, is similar to metal spinning. In shear spinning the area of the final piece is approximately equal to that of the flat sheet metal blank. The wall thickness is maintained by controlling the gap between the roller and the mandrel. In shear forming a reduction of the wall thickness occurs.
Before the 1950s, spinning was performed on a simple turning lathe. When new technologies were introduced to the field of metal spinning and powered dedicated spinning machines were available, shear forming started its development in Sweden.
Schematics
Figure 2 shows the schematics of a shear forming process.
1. A sheet metal blank is placed between the mandrel and the chuck of the spinning machine. The mandrel has the interior shape of the desired final component.
2. A roller makes the sheet metal wrap the mandrel so that it takes its shape.
As can be seen, s1 which is the initial wall thickness of the workpiece is reduced to s0.
Workpiece and roller tool profiles
In shear forming, the starting workpiece can have circular or rectangular cross-sections. On the other hand, the profile shape of the final component can be concave, convex or a combination of these two.
A shear-forming machine looks very much like a conventional spinning machine, except that it has to be much more robust to withstand the higher forces necessary to perform the shearing operation.
The design of the roller must be considered carefully, because it affects the shape of the component, the wall thickness, and dimensional accuracy. The smaller the tool nose radius, the higher the stresses and poorest thickness uniformity achieved.
Spinnability
Spinnability, sometimes referred as shear spinnability, can be defined as the ability of a metal to undergo shear spinning deformation without exceeding its tensile strength and tearing. Published work on spinnability is available from the authors Kegg and Kalpakcioglu.
Kegg predicted that for materials with a tensile reduction of 80%, the limiting spinning reduction will be equal or greater than 80%.
Kalpakciouglu concluded that for metals with a true fracture strain of 0.5 or greater, there is a maximum limit for the shear forming reduction. For materials with a true strain below 0.5, the spinnability depends on the ductility of the material.
Highly spinnable materials include ductile materials like aluminum and certain steel alloys.
Importance of shear forming operations in manufacturing
Shear forming and conventional spinning are being used less than other manufacturing processes such as deep drawing and ironing. Being able to achieve almost any shape, thin sectioned parts, makes spinning a versatile process used widely in the production of lightweight items. Other advantages of shear spinning include the good mechanical properties of the final item and a very good surface finish.
Typical components produced by mechanically powered spinning machines include rocket nose cones, gas turbine engine and dish aerials.
Flow forming
Flow Forming is an incremental metal-forming technique in which a disk or tube of metal is formed over a mandrel by one or more rollers using tremendous pressure. The roller deforms the workpiece, forcing it against the mandrel, both axially lengthening and radially thinning it. Since the pressure exerted by the roller is highly localized and the material is incrementally formed, often there is a net savings in energy in forming over drawing or ironing processes. However, these savings are often not realized because of the inherent difficulties in predicting the resulting deformation for a given roller path. Flow forming subjects the workpiece to a great deal of friction and deformation. These two factors may heat the workpiece to several hundred degrees if proper cooling fluid is not utilized.
Flow forming is often used to manufacture automobile wheels and can be used to draw a wheel to net width from a machined blank.
During flow forming, the workpiece is cold worked, changing its mechanical properties, so its strength becomes similar to that of forged metal.
References
3. https://www.pmfind.com/benefits/flowforming-process-benefits-process
Further reading
C.C. Wong, T.A. Dean and J. Lin, A review of spinning, shear forming and flow forming processes, Int. J. Mach. Tools Manuf. 43 (2003), pp. 1419–1435
B. Avitzur, Handbook of Metal-Forming Processes, John Wiley and Sons, Inc., Canada, 1983.
R.L. Kegg, A new test method for determination of spinnability of metals, Transactions of the ASME, Journal of Engineering for Industry 83 (1961) 119–124.
S. Kalpakcioglu, A study of shear-spinnability of metals, Transactions of the ASME, Journal of Engineering for Industry 83 (1961) 478–483.
https://www.d2pmagazine.com/2019/10/09/flowforming-specialist-offers-unique-combination-of-metal-forming-processes/
https://www.d2pmagazine.com/2017/08/16/flowforming-offers-range-of-benefits-for-aerospace-applications/
External links
Metal Forming Videos
CNC Flow Forming Machinery and Parts Photos
Metal forming
Catherinette was a traditional French label for a woman of twenty-five years who was still unmarried by the Feast of Saint Catherine (25 November). A special celebration was offered to them on this day and everyone wished them a swift end to their single status.
Although the term has become rather old-fashioned in France, it is still sometimes used to refer to 25-year-old single women.
The derogatory terms spinster and old maid were used in a similar context in the English-speaking world. In modern China, the slang term sheng nu describes "leftover women".
Origin
Since the Middle Ages, women had been under the protection of Saint Catherine (whilst Saint Nicholas cared for men). Women who participated in the group devoted to their saint were responsible for the confection of a beautiful headdress to "cap" their statue each year on 25 November. Young women left the group when marrying, hence "capping Saint Catherine" became synonymous with "still being a single woman at/after 25". Following the changes in the status of women and marriage in society, this custom progressively died all over France, with the exception of the hatmaking and dressmaking trades, wherein unmarried women, after they turned twenty-five, would attend a ball on Saint Catherine's Day in a hat made specially for the occasion; to wear such a hat was referred to as "capping Saint Catherine" (coiffer sainte Catherine).
References
External links
Legend of the Catherinettes (in French) and its English translation
Marriage
French culture
This is a list of people who served as Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire. After 1723, all Lord Lieutenants were also Custos Rotulorum of Brecknockshire. The office was abolished on 31 March 1974 and replaced with the Lord Lieutenant of Powys, with Deputy Lieutenants for Brecknockshire.
Lords Lieutenant of Brecknockshire to 1974
see Lord Lieutenant of Wales before 1694
Thomas Herbert, 8th Earl of Pembroke 11 May 1694 – 7 October 1715
John Morgan 7 October 1715 – 7 March 1720
Sir William Morgan 21 June 1720 – 24 April 1731
Thomas Morgan 18 June 1731 – 12 April 1769
Thomas Morgan 27 January 1770 – 15 May 1771
Charles Morgan 23 December 1771 – 24 May 1787
Henry Somerset, 5th Duke of Beaufort 8 June 1787 – 11 October 1803
Henry Somerset, 6th Duke of Beaufort 4 November 1803 – 2 December 1835
Penry Williams 24 December 1836 – 16 January 1847
Lloyd Vaughan Watkins 17 February 1847 – 28 September 1865
George Pratt, 2nd Marquess Camden 4 November 1865 – 8 August 1866
Charles Morgan, 1st Baron Tredegar 27 September 1866 – 16 April 1875
Joseph Bailey, 1st Baron Glanusk 11 June 1875 – 19 December 1905
Joseph Bailey, 2nd Baron Glanusk 19 December 1905 – 11 January 1928
Wilfred Bailey, 3rd Baron Glanusk 26 April 1928 – 12 January 1948
Major General Sir Geoffrey Raikes CB, DSO 14 April 1948 – 17 April 1959
Sir William Parker, 3rd Baronet 17 April 1959 – 20 January 1964
Captain Nevill Glennie Garnons Williams, MBE, RN. 20 January 1964 – 31 March 1974
Deputy lieutenant of Brecknockshire
A deputy lieutenant of Brecknockshire is commissioned by the Lord Lieutenant of Brecknockshire. Deputy lieutenants support the work of the lord-lieutenant. There can be several deputy lieutenants at any time, depending on the population of the county. Their appointment does not terminate with the changing of the lord-lieutenant, but they usually retire at age 75.
18th Century
1793: The Duke of Beaufort,
12 May 1798: The Viscount Hereford
12 May 1798: John Powell, Esq.
20th Century
8 January 1900: The Most Noble The Duke of Beaufort
8 January 1900: Charles Evan-Thomas, Esq.
8 January 1900: John Williams-Vaughan, Esq.
8 January 1900: John Andrew Doyle, Esq.
8 January 1900: Sir Charles Leyshon Dillwyn-Venables-Llewelyn,
References
Sources
The Lord-Lieutenants Order 1973 (1973/1754)
1974 disestablishments in Wales
Brecknockshire
Brecknockshire
Simone Cerasuolo (born 22 June 2003) is an Italian competitive swimmer.  They are the world junior record holder in the short course 50 metre and 100 metre breaststroke events. At the 2021 European Junior Championships, they won a gold medal in the 50 metre breaststroke and a bronze medal in the 100 metre breaststroke. They placed fifth in the 50 metre breaststroke at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships. At the 2022 European Aquatics Championships, they won the silver medal in the 50 metre breaststroke.
Early life
Cerasuolo was born 22 June 2003 in Italy. They have swum for GS Fiamme Oro and Imolanuoto in national and regional competitions, and is coached by Cesare Casella.
Career
2021
On 25 April 2021, at the Italian Regional Championships of Emilia-Romagna, Cerasuolo set a new world junior record and European junior record in the short course 50 metre breaststroke events with a time of 26.26 seconds, which broke the former records of 26.31 set by Nicolò Martinenghi of Italy in 2017.
2021 European Junior Championships
At the 2021 European Junior Swimming Championships in Rome, and held at the Stadio Olimpico del Nuoto, Cerasuolo swam a personal best time of 1:00.78 in the prelims heats of the 100 metre breaststroke. In the final of the 100 metre breaststroke the following day, 8 July, they placed third with a time of 1:01.56, winning the bronze medal in the event. Cerasuolo won the gold medal in the final of the 50 metre breaststroke with a time of 27.29 seconds, bringing their total medal count to two medals in individual events for the Championships.
2021 Italian Short Course Championships
At the short course 2021 Italian National Championships in Riccione, Cerasuolo broke their own world junior and European junior records in the 50 metre breaststroke with an event winning time of 25.85 seconds. In the 100 metre breaststroke, Cerasuolo set new world junior and European junior records with a time of 56.66 seconds that won them the event by finishing over three tenths of a second ahead of the former world junior record holder and second-place finisher Nicolò Martinenghi.
2022
In April 2022, at the Italian National Spring Championships, conducted in long course metres, Cerasuolo swam a 1:00.59 in the prelims heats of the 100 metre breaststroke to qualify for the final ranking second. They won the silver medal in the final with a time of 1:00.62. On the fifth and final day, they swam a 27.28 in the preliminary round of the 50 metre breaststroke to qualify for the final ranking second. In the final, they won the silver medal with a personal best time of 26.85 seconds. Their time of 26.85 seconds was fast enough to qualify them for the 2022 World Aquatics Championships in the event.
2022 World Aquatics Championships
On the fourth day of competition at the 2022 World Aquatics Championships, held at Danube Arena in Budapest, Hungary, Cerasuolo swam a time of 27.17 seconds in the preliminaries of the 50 metre breaststroke and qualified for the semifinals ranking eighth across all prelims heats. For the semifinals later in the same day, they lowered their time to a 27.01, ranked fifth across both semifinals heats, and qualified for the final. In the final, they swam a time of 26.98 seconds to place fifth, finishing 0.26 seconds behind bronze medalist Michael Andrew of the United States.
The following month, at the 2022 Italian National Summer Championships in Ostia, Cerasuolo swam a personal best time of 1:00.08 in the 100 metre breaststroke to win the bronze medal, finishing 0.15 seconds ahead of fourth-place finisher Alessandro Pinzuti.
2022 European Aquatics Championships
In the preliminaries of the 100 metre breaststroke on day one of the 2022 European Aquatics Championships, held in August in Rome, Cerasuolo ranked sixth with a time of 1:00.51 and did not qualify for the semifinals as they were not one of the two fastest Italian swimmers in the preliminaries. In a tight race for the top two spots by the Italians in the 50 metre breaststroke on day five, they ranked second, all of the top four spots were achieved by Italians, and qualified for the semifinals with a time of 26.85 seconds that equalled their personal best time. For the semifinals, they swam a 26.86 and qualified for the final ranking second. In the final, they won the silver medal with a time of 26.95 seconds, finishing only behind fellow Italian Nicolò Martinenghi.
International championships
Personal best times
Long course metres (50 m pool)
Legend: h – heat
Short course metres (25 m pool)
Legend: WJ – World Junior record
World records
World junior records
Short course metres
Honours and awards
SwimSwam, Swim of the Week: 3 December 2021
References
2003 births
Living people
People from Imola
Italian male swimmers
Italian male breaststroke swimmers
Sportspeople from the Metropolitan City of Bologna
21st-century Italian people
European Aquatics Championships medalists in swimming
Colin Douglas Fisher (born 27 December 1949) is a Scottish Rugby union player and administrator.
They were capped five times between 1975 and 1976 for . They also played for Waterloo R.F.C.  They are the son of Alastair Fisher, who was also capped for Scotland.
They played 7 times for the Scotland, but two of those games were versus Japan and that time that didn't count for a full cap, their other caps came in matches against Australia, England, Ireland, New Zealand and Wales.
After an injury to their left knee cartilage they never returned to training. After retiring they became involved in administration of Rugby and was involved in controversial incidents involving sponsors and drunken behaviour in 2005. they have also been president of Waterloo R.F.C. of Liverpool.  They are a chartered surveyor by profession.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
Colin Fisher's profile at ESPN Scrum
1949 births
Living people
Army rugby union players
Lancashire County RFU players
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Waterloo R.F.C. players
The Annamayya Urban Development Authority (AUDA) is an urban planning agency in Kadapa district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. It was constituted on 1 January 2019, under Andhra Pradesh Metropolitan Region and Urban Development Authority Act, 2016 with the headquarters located at Kadapa.
Jurisdiction
The jurisdictional area of AUDA is spread over an area of and has a population of 18.39 lakhs. It covers 520 villages in 41 mandals of Kadapa district. The below table lists the urban areas of AUDA.
References
Kadapa district
Urban development authorities of Andhra Pradesh
State urban development authorities of India
Altogether is the greatest hits album released by pop group, The Nolans in 1982. It featured their seven consecutive top 20 hits and followed four top 20 albums by the group.
The album was released at the beginning of the group's decline in the UK, and the lead single, "Dragonfly" failed to chart. This song was a departure for the group, with it not being produced by either of their regular producers, Ben Findon or Nicky Graham, but by Tim Friese-Greene, who was responsible for the recent success of Tight Fit. The album itself also fared less well than expected when it peaked at No.52. It was also at this time that the group were back to being a five-piece, with the return of former member, Anne Nolan.
This was the last Nolans album released by Epic Records, and their final single with them came the following year.
Track listing
References
External links
The Nolans albums
1982 compilation albums
Epic Records compilation albums
The Deng Yujiao incident () occurred on 10 May 2009 at a hotel in Badong County, Hubei. Deng Yujiao, a 21-year-old pedicure worker, tried to rebuff the advances of Deng Guida (; no relation), director of the local township business promotions office, who had come to the hotel seeking sexual services. They allegedly stabbed their assailant several times trying to fight them off, resulting in their death. Badong County police subsequently arrested Deng Yujiao, charged them with homicide, and refused to grant them bail.
This case came to national prominence through internet forums and chatrooms, where netizens were enraged by their treatment. The case resonated with the public anger over the corruption and immorality of officials, and garnered over four million forum posts across the country. Chinese authorities attempted to downplay the incident by limiting its presence on Chinese web portals, and a large number of discussion threads were censored. Following a groundswell of public protests and online petitions, prosecutors dropped murder charges, granted their bail, and charged them with a lesser offense of "intentional assault". They were found guilty but did not receive a sentence due to their mental state. The two surviving officials involved in the incident were removed, also ostensibly in response to public pressure.
The incident
Deng Yujiao, a native of Mulongya village (), (), Badong County, was a 21-year-old pedicure worker at the Dream Fantasy City () bath center at Xiongfeng Hotel (), when the incident occurred.
Deng Guida was the director of the local township's business promotions office. He, their deputy, Huang Dezhi (), and one other official arrived at the hotel where Deng Yujiao worked on 10 May 2009 and allegedly requested "special services" (a euphemism commonly taken to mean sexual services in China) from Deng Yujiao. They did not submit to the requests. Deng Guida had allegedly pulled out a stack of banknotes worth ¥4,000 and slapped them in the face with it to show off their wealth. They then pushed Deng Yujiao onto a sofa and proceeded to lay on top of them At this moment, in self-defense, Deng Yujiao used a small 3 inch knife and stabbed their assailant four times. One of the stabs landed in their assailant's neck, causing them to bleed to death at the scene. Their deputy was also stabbed. Police, who apparently found pills in their purse, said Deng Yujiao may have been suffering from acute depression, and took them to a psychiatric hospital on 12 May for examination. During Deng's days in the hospital their arms and ankles were tied to the bed, which was referred to by the police as "a procedure of protection."
Two lawyers from Beijing, Xia Lin () and Xia Nan (), took on their case pro bono. On 25 May 2009, they lodged an official complaint against one of the attackers, Huang Dezhi at the Badong police station. Details of the complaint:
Huang Dezhi tried to remove their jeans and underwear by force (namely attempted rape) while they were doing laundry.
Deng Guida then used a wad of ¥4,000 cash to hit their face while yelling, "Didn't you want money? I bet you have not seen any money before. How much money you want, just say it, believe me or not, I shall smack you to death with money." Deng Yujiao retorted, "Yes, I have never seen any money before, if you have the guts, today you smack me to death." Deng Guida then replied, "I am going to smack you to death with money. I'm going to get a truck load of money to squash you to death."
After stabbing the two men (Deng Guida and Huang Dezhi), Deng Yujiao put down the knife and called local police and their mother.
Police chief's interview
On 22 May 2009, Yang Liyong () was interviewed by Southern Metropolis Daily, during which they presented the official police version of the incident.
Deng is a service worker at the KTV.
They were requested of a "bathing service between opposite sex." To one reporter's question, "Why was the Deng Guida's demand of special service being changed into bathing service?" Yang replied: (on special service) "may be a lot of people understand it as a sexual service, a sex trade, but on this case, the trade had not gone through, we have no choice, we can only call it a bathing service between opposite sex."
Quoted: "The public security bureau thinks that they are suspected of committing intentional murder based upon two direct pieces of evidence. First, death was caused. Secondly, Deng Guida suffered two fatal stab wounds which we determined to be quite powerful. Two fatal stab wounds." Unquoted.
Quoted: "During our investigation of this case, the whole matter is really a very ordinary case involving death. But the public and the media insist on turning into a tragedy."
National icon
After Deng turned themselves in to the police, they were initially charged with murder. Deng claimed they acted in self-defense after the official attempted to rape them Blogger Wu Gan, wrote about their case in their blog. A Berkeley professor remarked to the New York Times that instead of garnering hundreds of thousands of mentions on Internet blogs and other forums, Deng's case accumulated in excess of four million posts across websites. Deng's plight struck a note with millions of Chinese fed up with low-level corruption and "rampant social injustice and the lack of fundamental respect in society," in the words of a Beijing lawyer. Deng was hailed as a national hero for resisting official abuse of power. Them supporters, who demanded a fair trial, took their protest to Beijing. Their visual stunt was a woman wearing a mask and wrapped in white cloth; a sign saying "Anyone could be Deng Yujiao" was laid on the ground around them The photos immediately appeared on the Internet.
Chinese bloggers showed their solidarity with Deng Yujiao by distributing free T-shirts on the net with popular slogans like:
() — from a poem by Mao Zedong, the last Chinese character is "/ (), appears in Deng Yujiao's name.
() — Yu Jiaolong is a character from Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, and Yu Jiao is also Deng Yujiao's name.
()
()
As a result of the national outcry, police released them on bail and put them under house arrest; prosecutors charged them with a lesser offense of "intentional assault" instead of murder. The two surviving officials were sacked on 31 May. Xinhua reported that Badong County Communist Party Discipline Inspection Committee removed Huang Dezhi from the post of vice director of the office of business delegations of Yesanguan Township, and stripped of their CPC membership, as they had "pushed and shoved and verbally insulted a waiter who refused to accompany them to take a bath" in a bathhouse on 10 May in Badong, the authorities said. Huang has been "detained in connection with public order offences." Deng Zhongjia, 45, another vice director of the same office who was present at the time of the incident, was also fired, ostensibly because the incident had caused a "bad social effect" although they had not broken any laws or regulations.
Censorship and alleged official meddling
The Badong county police said that an official had been killed whilst in a quarrel with Deng Yujiao. Their statement issued on 13 May said that Deng Guida twice pushed the girl onto a sofa and was killed by a pedicure knife. Police said that the murder weapon was a fruit knife five days later.
Meng Jianzhu, minister of the Ministry of Public Security of the People's Republic of China, allegedly gave instruction to their deputy:
Deng Yujiao's mother received a call, purportedly from the police, after which they washed most of their daughter's clothes thereby removing potential physical evidence. The police also announced on 23 May that they had hired two Hubei lawyers to replace the initial lawyers who, it was alleged, had breached Deng Yujiao's privacy.
On approximately 22 May, Beijing censors ordered websites to stop reporting the case. The State Council Information Office issued directives to all Chinese websites to remove all the recommended news stories and commentaries on Deng Yujiao. No posts about Deng Yujiao must be placed at the top of the page. Later on, the Beijing Information Office telephoned portals instructing them to use only official government statements and not report or comment on Deng Yujiao. The State Information Office ordered media and web portals to 'dilute the Deng Yujiao case with other news', delete any 'open letters and pleadings', and bar any web based opinion poll or petition.
Television and the Internet were cut off in Yesanguan, officially as a precaution against lightning strikes. The Internet attention drew Chinese journalists to Badong County. But after censorship was imposed, local officials began screening outsiders, and some journalists seeking to report there were beaten. The blog of Wu Gan, which had publicised Deng's case, was shut down by censors.
Trial
According to the media, Deng Yujiao's murder charge was changed to intentional assault, most likely following massive public pressure from internet users who hailed them as a hero. At their trial on 16 June, a judge said the court had found them guilty because Deng had used excessive force even though they were acting in self-defense. The lenient sentence was on account of diminished responsibility, and because they had surrendered to police and the officials involved had made a major mistake. One Beijing human rights lawyer said the court would not have freed Deng if there was not so much pressure from so much national attention. The Standard reported that mainland websites were euphoric after the trial.
See also
Yang Jia
Weiquan movement
Custody and repatriation
2008 Guizhou riot
References
External links
Man's death linked to unwanted sex advances
Killing makes Chinese hostess a symbol of discontent
Dueling statements in the Deng Yujiao murder case
(translated article)
2009 crimes in China
Human rights abuses in China
Political sex scandals
Political scandals in China
Sexuality in China
Internet-based activism
Weiquan movement
Badong County
Pseudoclitarchus sentus is the sole representative of the genus Pseudoclitarchus, and is a stick insect endemic to the Three Kings Islands. It lives mainly on kanuka trees.
References
Phasmatidae of New Zealand
Three Kings Islands
Endemic fauna of New Zealand
Phasmatidae
Phasmatodea genera
Monotypic insect genera
The Norma M200P is a Le Mans Prototype built by Norma Auto Concept in 2010.
Racing history
2010
Chassis number 02 was built for the French Pegasus Racing to compete in the 2010 24 Hours of Le Mans. The car was on the reserve list for the race but, when the Dome LMP1 was withdrawn, Pegasus Racing was granted an entry. The car was driven by Julien Schell, Frédéric da Rocha and David Zollinger. Pegasus Racing qualified 28th overall and 10th in the LMP2 class. Julien Schell started the race. The race was cut short after 3 hours, when the Spyker Squadron Spyker C8 tried to rejoin the track and hit the Norma. The gearbox was severely damaged and Xtrac did not have the spare parts to repair it.
2011
For 2011 the 02 chassis was sold to Extreme Limite. Extreme Limite was a regular competitor in the V de V Proto Endurance championship, entering various Normas. The team entered it in the 2011 Le Mans Series season and the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans. Five different drivers competed in the endurance races in the Le Mans Series. Fabien Rosier ended up highest in the standings with a 9th place.
The Extreme Limite entry was not on the initial entry list for the 2011 24 Hours of Le Mans, but was accepted after the second Signatech entry was withdrawn. The car was driven by Fabien Rosier, Philippe Haezebrouck and Jean-René de Fournoux. The Norma M200P qualified 26th overall and 9th in the LMP2 class. Extreme Limite finished the race but the car was not classified due to electrical problems slowing down the race path.
2012
Extreme Limite entered the Norma M200P in the 2012 24 Hours of Le Mans and the 2012 European Le Mans Series season. In the European Le Mans Series the team only competed in the 6 Hours of Castellet at Circuit Paul Ricard. Extreme Limite finished 8th in the LMP2 class. They eventually were placed 9th in the teams standings.
For the first time in the history of the Norma M200P the car was on the official entry list of the 24 Hours of Le Mans, not the reserve list. The team qualified 33rd overall and 19th in class. In a race with some power steering issues and an exhaust problem the car finished the race and was classified 29th overall and 12th in class.
References
External links
Norma Auto Concept
Extreme Limite
Le Mans Prototypes
M200P
24 Hours of Le Mans race cars
Golpes Bajos was a 1980s pop group in Spain, a part of the so-called "Edad de Oro del Pop Español", i.e. "The Golden Age of Spanish Pop Music". They were active in 1982–1986, with a final reunion tour in 1997–1998.
History
Golpes Bajos was a pop group created in 1982 in Vigo (Pontevedra), Spain. It was initially a duo formed by Germán Coppini (the-then lead singer of Siniestro Total) and Teo Cardalda (composing music and playing various instruments). The group subsequently expanded after spring 1983 with Pablo Novoa and Luis García, who both shared with Teo the work covering multiple keyboards, bass, guitars and drums.
When the group became famous and started making hits, Germán Coppini quit their part-time work with Siniestro Total to devote themselves completely to Golpes Bajos.
Five songs included in their debut album were: "No mires a los ojos de la gente" ("Do not look in the eyes of the people"), "Malos tiempos para la lírica" ("Bad times for the Song"), "Lágrimas" ("Tears"), "Estoy enfermo" ("I'm Sick") and "Tendré que salir algún día" ("I'll have to leave one day").
In 1984, Golpes Bajos released their first full album with the title "A santa compaña" ("The Sacred Company"). Songs included "Hansel and Gretel", "Colecciono Moscas" ("I collect Flies") and "Cena recalentada" ("Dinner reheated").
After releasing the mini-LP "Devocionario", the founding duo decided to dissolve the group, and moved to other music projects. In 1987, Coppini began their solo career. They made a brief collaboration with Nacho Cano ("Dame un chupito de amor" or "Give me a shot of love", Ariola, 1986). Coppini then opted for riskier musical terrain: "El ladrón de Bagdag" ("The Thief of Baghdad", 1987), "Flechas Negras" ("Black Arrows", 1989) and "Carabas" (1996).
After a brief interlude with the experimental "Desfigurat" (1987) for a choreography by César Gilabert, Teo Cardalda launched a new career as a producer. Then, they formed a new band, Duendes (later Cómplices), along with their partner, María Monsonís, launching a career that gave them many commercial successes over the next decade.
In November 1997, Coppini and Cardalda reunited to record a television documentary directed by the Basque filmmaker Juanma Bajo Ulloa.
They re-released songs from their golden age in a live album "Vivo" ("Alive"), which they presented in a tour that began in March 1998. Neither García nor Novoa were invited. When the tour, which was a resounding failure, ended, Cardalda decided to return to Cómplices, finally ending the history of Golpes Bajos.
Records
Albums
A Santa Compaña (Nuevos Medios, 1984)
Vivo (Nuevos Medios, 1998)
EPs
Golpes Bajos (Nuevos Medios, 1983)
Devocionario (Nuevos Medios, 1985)
Singles
Colecciono Moscas – 1984 Fiesta de los Maniquíes – 1984
La Virgen Loca – 1985
Desconocido – 1985
Cena Recalentada – 1990
Malos Tiempos para la Lírica – 1998
Compilations
Todas Sus Grabaciones 1983/1985 (Nuevos Medios, 1991)
Notes
References
Data sheet for Golpes Bajos on POPes80 (in Spanish): POPes80-Golpesbajos.
Official website for de Germán Coppini: geocities.com-biografia.
Webpage for Pablo Novoa on MySpace.com: MySpace.com-pablonovoa.
Data sheet for Golpes Bajos on MTV.es: MTV.es-golpes .
Musical groups established in 1982
Spanish pop music groups
People from Vigo
1982 establishments in Spain
The Lutheran Home in Germantown, now Silver Springs – Martin Luther School, began in 1859 as an orphanage for children that was originally located in the Mt. Airy, Philadelphia. This institution was a continuation of the work of Rev. William A. Passavant but was founded and managed by Elizabeth Fry Ashmead Schaeffer, who received a single dollar from Passavant and began the mission. The Lutheran Home in Germantown later moved to the Silver Springs property in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania, where it continues as a residential treatment facility for children and school for elementary students and middle schoolers.
Story of the first dollar
The Lutheran Home in Germantown was a continuation of the work of the Rev. William A. Passavant, who was famous for their work not only as an abolitionist and Lutheran pastor, but also as one of the proponents of social ministries in the Lutheran Church through the Passavant charitable institutions that they created. This Lutheran Home in Germantown was not organically connected with the Passavant Home and Farm School of Zelienople but was an offshoot, thanks to the help of the founding director of the home in Germantown, Elizabeth Ashmead Schaeffer.
In 1852, on their way to the Ministerium of Pennsylvania, Passavant stopped off in Womelsdorf, and inspected an orphanage of the Reformed Church. Reaching Philadelphia, they visited the home of Elizabeth Ashmead Schaeffer and the Pastor of St. Michael's Church of Germantown, Charles W. Schaeffer, and (as one account states) they told Mrs. Schaeffer, "Why cannot the Lutherans have an orphanage as well and the Reformed? Now, everything must have a beginning: I will give you the first dollar." Elizabeth Schaeffer would place that dollar in their knitted purse that would be cherished by the Home in Germantown for generations.
History
After receiving the first dollar and the motivation from William Passavant, Elizabeth Schaeffer gathered women from local Lutheran churches of Philadelphia to collaborate to begin the Lutheran Home at Germantown. On March 12, 1859, they rented a house at 6719 Germantown Ave in Mt. Airy, Philadelphia. Sister Louise Marthens came with four orphaned girls from the Passavant home in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, to help get the home in Germantown off the ground. Within eight weeks seven orphans and a matron had been admitted to live in the home. Elizabeth Schaeffer became the director of the school but relied on the help of the women of the local Lutheran congregations to help them keep up with the work of the home. The women would help sew, give advice, and attend to the different needs of the building, clothing, and children.
The first admitted child to the orphanage was George Silvers, who was born on May 6, 1853. By the middle of June, thirteen had been admitted and very quickly, Schaeffer and the other leaders realized that it was necessary to secure a larger space.
In October, 1859, a new site was purchased at 6950 Germantown Ave, in Mt. Airy for a total of $7,000. The managers were able to $4,300 at the time of the purchase through the generosity of the members of congregations in Philadelphia and elsewhere. The property was five acres and contained multiple buildings for usage. It was within the city limits and was in easy traveling distance to the downtown portion of Philadelphia by railroad or horse carriage.
The women of various congregations in Philadelphia would meet with Elizabeth Schaeffer to help ensure the longevity of the ministry. On May 1, 1860, constitution and by-laws were finalized, officers were elected and an application was sent to the state for incorporation. Two ladies were to be chosen by each of the local Lutheran congregations to be representatives to constitute the Board of Lady Managers. While the board of trustees constituted of mostly men (other than Elizabeth Schaeffer as the director), it was especially stipulated that the board of trustees is not to interfere with the internal management of the home but that responsibility fell to the Board of Lady Managers alone.
In 1864, the home grew exponentially because of the number of children left orphaned by the deaths and violence of the Civil War. The Home at Germantown was one of the first to open its doors for the relief of the children. As of July 1865 there were 68 orphans, October 2nd there were 107, and by the next April there were 131.
From the beginning, Elizabeth Schaeffer imagined this ministry to be inclusive to all and a place that would teach the children skills and practices to excel in the world. The Home would describe itself as a place, "for destitute orphan children without distinction of creed or country, where they may be educated in any useful branch of business to which they may be inclined, and thus prepared for the active duties of life."
In 1869, it was realized that there was a need for a more sustainable financial backing. Elizabeth Schaeffer highly disliked the idea of transferring the control and responsibility, but realized the inevitable as the Home became a larger corporation. On April 9, 1872, the Board of Lady Managers transferred the control and responsibility of the Home to the Ministerium of Pennsylvania. The Board of Lady Managers became the Board of Lady Visitors, which composed of the two representatives from each local Lutheran congregation but they served in co-operating and support efforts rather than in their previous positions of leadership.
Lutheran support and education
The Lutheran Home at Germantown would not have been able to get off the ground without the help and support of the members of the local Lutheran congregations in Philadelphia. Along with donations of finances and resources, the local congregations would also provide religious education, pastoral support, and donations of Bibles to every child at the time of their confirmation.
The Lutheran churches considered it a priority that the children receive religious instruction.
The Church was most concerned with the welfare of the children to its care. They were instructed in both the English and German languages, as so many came from German-speaking families, and so much of the support came from German congregations. Their religious training was thorough, with instruction in the Bible and Luther's small Catechism. They attended school and religious services regularly.
In December, 1860, Rev. J. Schladermundt became the first House-Father of the home. Throughout the early history of Home, Lutheran pastors and seminary students at The Lutheran Theological Seminary at Philadelphia (then often called the Mt. Airy Seminary), would help with the religious instruction of the students, using the Bible and Luther's Small Catechism as the textbooks. The seminary students would give assistance in numerous ways. One student, Rev. E. L. Leisey, reflected on their experience and according to their description, they served as a, "big brother, a Bible School teacher, playground director, chauffeur, and general utility man."
The Home also developed a close relationship (because of proximity and affiliation) with St. Michael's Germantown, the Lutheran Church at 6671 Germantown Ave, that was just a few blocks away. In 1874–1890, it was reported that 121 residents of the Home were confirmed into membership at St. Michael's. The children would participate in Sunday-school and take part in the annual church picnic.
Donation Day
Donation Day was an annual celebration in which the churches of the surrounding areas would gather resources and goods and bring them to the Home and visit both the children and the grounds for a day of activities. The first Donation Day took place on Ascension Day, May 27, 1881.
The day is not merely a day of donations and for the improvement of the finances of the Home, but a day for the coming together of friends from far and near, who are united together in the spirit of loving devotion. It has become a general reunion day, with untold blessing to the institution and to the cause of Christian benevolence.
Shift in Education
In 1912, a shift occurred in education. Before then, all secular instruction of the children was conducted in the Home. However, at this point in time children were allowed to attend the public school in Mt. Airy. The public instruction was supplemented by additional instruction in religion and German.
Asylum for the aged and infirm
From the beginning, the Lutheran Home at Germantown was also supposed to be an asylum for the aged and infirm. The asylum was to be open to "adult members of the Lutheran Church in want through old age, accident, or disease." The first inmate of the asylum was Sister Margaret Kaufflet, who arrived May 10, 1860. They would not only be a resident of the home but also an invaluable presence for other residents as time went on. Sister Margaret was described as having a gentle disposition, and a sweet spirit. When other aged residents were troubled, they would be brought to their room, "the word of peace was spoken, and the trouble vanished."
The asylum is no longer affiliated with the Home but has been incorporated through other ministries of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America.
Silver Springs – Martin Luther School
Over 100 years after its founding, the Lutheran Orphans' Home at Germantown was moved to the Silver Springs farm in Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania where it still resides today. While nonsectarian with regard to whom it serves (holding true to its mission from the very beginning), Silver Springs remains a Social Ministry Organization of the Evangelical Lutheran Church in America. In 1969, the Silver Springs program was expanded with the establishment of Martin Luther School, a state licensed private school designed to serve the special education needs of children that live in the residential treatment facility and also children of the communities of the tristate area.
Mission Statement of Silver Springs
Holding true to the mission and values of Elizabeth Schaeffer,
The intentions of the corporation are exclusively for charitable and educational purposes, particularly to afford a home, education, and support for destitute or dependent children and mental health services for such children and others without distinction of creed, color, or country, and to engage in related study and research.
Today Silver Spring – Martin Luther School has over 65 children in its residential treatment program and over 200 students in its schools with grades from Kindergarten through eighth grade.
References
External links
Silver Springs – Martin Luther School
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
Medical and health organizations based in Pennsylvania
1859 establishments in Pennsylvania
Mount Airy, Philadelphia
This is a list of Bulgarian football transfers in the winter transfer window 2010–11 by club. Only transfers of the A PFG clubs are listed.
Akademik
In:
Out:
Beroe
In:
Out:
Cherno More
In:
Out:
Chernomorets
In:
Out:
CSKA Sofia
In:
Out:
Kaliakra
In:
Out:
Levski Sofia
In:
Out:
Litex
In:
Out:
Lokomotiv Plovdiv
In:
Out:
Lokomotiv Sofia
In:
Out:
Minyor
In:
Out:
Montana
In:
Out:
Pirin
In:
Out:
Slavia
In:
Out:
Sliven 2000
In:
Out:
Vidima-Rakovski
In:
Out:
References
Bulgaria
Winter 2010-11
is a Japanese online novel by Natural-Rain. It was originally posted online in 2004, and was published in June 2012 by East Press. An anime television series adaptation by Drop aired from July 12 to September 27, 2017. The series is entirely directed and animated by Naoya Ishikawa.
Characters
Media
Anime
An anime television series adaptation by Drop aired from July 12 to September 27, 2017. The series is entirely directed and animated by Naoya Ishikawa. The opening theme is and the ending theme is , both performed by former SKE48 member Aki Deguchi. It was streamed exclusively on Amazon Prime Video.
Notes
References
External links
2017 anime television series debuts
2012 Japanese novels
Anime and manga based on novels
On 27 March 2015, Al-Shabaab militants launched an attack on the Makka al-Mukarama hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. The siege ended a few hours later on 28 March, after a special forces unit of the Somali Armed Forces stormed the premises, recaptured it, and killed all five of the attackers. According to the Ministry of Information, around 20 people died during the standoff, including the perpetrators, security forces, hotel security guards and some civilians, with around 28 wounded. The special forces also rescued more than 50 hotel guests. President of Somalia Hassan Sheikh Mohamud ordered an investigation into the attack, and the Ministry of Information announced that the federal government was slated to pass new laws to curb illicit firearms. On 8 May, the Makka al-Mukarama hotel officially reopened after having undergone renovations.
Incident
On 27 March 2015, Al-Shabaab insurgents attacked the Hotel Makka Al Mukarama in Mogadishu. After a left-hand drive Toyota Noah laden with an improvised explosive device detonated, five armed militants penetrated the grounds in another vehicle. The blast shattered the mirrors inside the hotel. A number of government officials were staying at the hotel at the time, which was also patronized by foreigners. The attackers stormed into the hotel room levels on the first, second and third floors, and held several occupants hostage. Hotel guests locked themselves in their rooms and notified the security forces of their location. Security agents with the National Intelligence and Security Agency's elite Gaashaan unit subsequently stormed the grounds and began engaging the militants. The ensuing standoff lasted four hours. The security forces succeeded in rescuing more than 50 hotel guests, including Somalia's Ambassador to Germany Mohamed Tifow, who was saved by ladder.
According to government representatives, all five of the attackers were killed, including both the gunmen and the suicide car bomber. Somali Minister of Information Mohamed Hayir Maareeye also indicated that four government soldiers, four hotel guards and five civilians were slain, as well as a female Ministry of Finance advisor, and World Bank official Farhiya Bashir Nur, who had been serving as a consultant to the Central Bank of Somalia. Somalia Ambassador to the UN Human Rights Office in Geneva, Switzerland, Yusuf Mohamed Ismail ("Bari-Bari"), was rushed to the hospital, and later died of the injuries they had sustained. Casualties included 28 wounded soldiers, state officials and hotel personnel.
The Information Minister suggested that Al-Shabaab had intended to hold up the Makka al-Mukarama hotel for days and kill many civilians as they had previously done at the Westgate shopping mall in Nairobi in 2013, but Somali government forces succeeded in quashing their plans. The hotel's owner Gurey Abdi Hassan partly blamed Hodan district officials and state forces for the attack. They indicated that the local Hodan district commissioner had ignored their request to set up a security checkpoint in the hotel's rear, while simultaneously providing lax security despite the premises having been attacked three times before. Al-Shabaab concurrently claimed responsibility for the raid, with the group's spokesperson Sheikh Ali Mahamud Rage emailing that some militants had survived the attack and escaped the scene. Al Shabaab's military operations spokesperson Abdiasis Abu Musab also indicated that the insurgents were targeting government officials only and had left civilians unharmed. Government forces displayed the bodies of the slain militants at a press gathering, deeming the counter-terrorist operation a success.
Government forces and AMISOM troops subsequently cordoned off roads flanking the hotel. On 29 March 2015, the Ministry of Security also chaired a meeting in the Maka Al-Mukarrama hotel, where National Intelligence and Security Agency officials, National Women Association representatives, clerics and civil society members discussed ways to strengthen security, prevent terrorist attacks, and rapidly defuse them should they occur. The Ministry of Information concurrently announced that the federal government was slated to pass new laws to curb illicit firearms in the capital.
On 29 March, a state funeral for Ambassador Ismail was held in their birthplace Garowe, the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland regional state. The funeral service was attended by Puntland President Abdiweli Mohamed Ali and federal government delegates.
Reactions
President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud commended the security forces for their competence, described the attack as futile and spineless, and vowed to continue the ongoing reconstruction and development process unimpeded. They also instructed the national security agencies to immediately launch a probe into the attack. Puntland President Abdiweli Mohamed Ali and former Puntland President Abdirahman Farole likewise sent their condolences to Ambassador Ismail's family, and wished the injured parties a rapid recovery. Farole also accused the central government forces of having neglected to effectively protect federal officials. Additionally, UN Special Representative for Somalia Nicholas Kay and AMISOM condemned the attack, and extended their condolences to the families of the victims. U.S. State Department spokesperson Marie Harf in turn applauded the Somali security forces for their rapid counter-terrorist maneuvers, and reaffirmed their administration's support for the Federal Government of Somalia's development initiatives. The United Nations Human Rights Council also observed a minute of silence in honour of Ismail, with President of the Council Ambassador Joachim Rücker describing the late diplomat as a widely admired and respected leadership figure.
Relaunch
On 8 May 2015, the Makka al-Mukarama hotel officially reopened for business after having undergone refurbishments.
See also
2015 timeline of the War in Somalia
Somali Civil War (2009–present)
References
Explosions in 2015
21st century in Mogadishu
Al-Shabaab (militant group) attacks
Attacks in Africa in 2015
Mass murder in 2015
Mass shootings in Africa
Suicide bombings in Somalia
Terrorist incidents in Somalia in 2015
Somali Civil War (2009–present)
Attacks on hotels in Africa
March 2015 crimes in Africa
March 2015 events in Africa
Hotel bombings
Building bombings in Somalia
Ramsikhar Jhala is a village development committee in Kailali District in the Seti Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 7503 living in 1008 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Kailali District
Populated places in Kailali District
Aminoallyl nucleotide is a nucleotide with a modified base containing an allylamine. They are used in post-labeling of nucleic acids by fluorescence detection in microarray. They are reactive with N-Hydroxysuccinimide ester group which helps attach a fluorescent dye to the primary amino group on the nucleotide. These nucleotides are known as 5-(3-aminoallyl)-nucleotides since the aminoallyl group is usually attached to carbon 5 of the pyrimidine ring of uracil or cytosine. The primary amine group in the aminoallyl moiety is aliphatic and thus more reactive compared to the amine groups that are directly attached to the rings (aromatic) of the bases. Common names of aminoallyl nucleosides are initially abbreviated with aa- or AA- to indicate aminoallyl. The 5-carbon sugar is indicated with or without the lowercase "d" indicating deoxyribose if included or ribose if not. Finally the nitrogenous base and number of phosphates are indicated (i.e. aa-UTP = aminoallyl uridine triphosphate).
History
The goal of combining fluorescence and nucleic acids has been to provide a non-isotopic tag that is detectable to study DNA or RNA. This type of labeling allows scientists to study DNA or RNA in their structure, function, or formation with other nucleic acids. The first base modification for fluorescent labeling occurred in 1971 with a 4-thiouridine and 4-thiouracil. This research along with others, which included various types of direct and non-direct labeling via: analogs, addition via enzymes, or other methods made labeling of nucleotides much safer for scientist to study DNA.
As instrumentation and technologies become more advanced in the field of DNA microarray, better reagents and techniques will be needed to further scientific studies. Fluorescent labeling with Cy3 was shown to be more insufficient and skew results; the method of aminoallyl nucleotide incorporation was opted instead. Using aminoallyl nucleotides as indirect fluorescent labeling seemed to nullify the sensitivity issues seen in cyanine-labeling.
Synthesis
Aminoallyl nucleosides can be synthesized via Heck coupling as shown in the image below.
In the image above, on the left is a modified nucleoside with an iodine (the iodine is added via electrophilic halogenation) in the fifth carbon in the pyrimidine ring. Its formation can be associated with a reaction with an allylamine and various reagents via heck coupling are able to remove the halogen group from the base and add the allylamine to become the aminoallyl nucleoside shown on the right. The product on the right is then used to in molecular biology in RNA synthesis.
Other reactions include using a single pot synthesis with other halogens.
Reaction
The primary amine on the aminoallyl nucleotide reacts with amino-reactive dyes such as a cyanine and patented dyes which contain a reactive leaving group, such as a succinimidyl ester (NHS).The amine groups directly attached to the ring of the base are not affected. These nucleotides are used for labeling DNA.
Uses
Aminoallyl NTPs are used for indirect DNA labeling in PCR, nick translation, primer extensions and cDNA synthesis. These labeled NTPs are helpful because of their application in molecular biology labs where they do not have the capacity to handle radioactive material. For example, 5-(3-Aminoallyl)-Uridine(AA-UTPs) are more effective for high density labeling of DNA than pre-labeling the DNA. After the enzymatic addition of the NTPs, amine reactant fluorescent dyes can be added for detection of the DNA molecule. When incorporated into DNA or RNA molecules by DNA/RNA polymerase, 5-(3-aminoallyl)-UTP provide a reactive group for the addition of other chemical groups. Thus aminoallyl modified DNA or RNA can be labeled with any compound which has an amine-reactive group.
aa-NTPs incorporated into DNA/RNA in combination with a secondary dye coupling reagents can probe for an array analysis.
cDNA relies on aminoallyl labeling for detection purposes. Although direct labeling of dNTP is the quickest and cheapest method of fluorescent labeling, it is disadvantageous as the sequence allows for only one modified nucleotide for use. Another disadvantage of direct labeling is the bulky nucleotides, however this can be overcome by indirect labeling using aminoallyl modified nucleotides. An easy way to check for labeling success is the color;Good labeling will result in visible blue (Cy5) or red (Cy3) color in the final material.
Another process which uses aminoallyl labeling is NASBA ( Nucleic Acid Sequence Based Amplification), a highly sensitive technique for amplifying RNA. In this specific case, the aaUTP modified RNAs were tagged with fluorescent market Cy3. NASBA combined with aminoallyl-UTP labeling is very useful for many different areas of microbial diagnostics including environmental monitoring, bio threat detection, industrial process monitoring and clinical microbiology. DNA microarray is another method which utilizes specifically AA-NTP's making DNA microarray testing quicker and cheaply.
Post-synthesis labeling avoids the problems found in direct enzymatic incorporation of Cy-labeled dNTPs by generating probes with equal labeling effectiveness. With indirect labeling, amine-modified NTPs are incorporated during reverse transcription, RNA amplification, or PCR. Amino allyl-NTPs are incorporated with similar efficiency as unmodified NTPs during polymerization.
Concerns with labeling:
The amine group, in aminoallyl-modified nucleotide, is reactive with dyes such as the cyanine series, or other patented dyes. A problem arises when the dyes react with buffering agents which are necessary for the proper storage of the nucleotides. However, a carbonate buffer can be used to overcome this problem.
See also
NASBA
PCR
Nick Translation
cDNA
Microarray
Fluorophore
Reverse Transcription
References
External links
Example protocol by Holly Bennet and Joe DeRisi originated at Rosetta Informatics modified by Chris Seidel.
Nucleic acids
Nucleotides
Molecular biology
Biotechnology
Synthetic biology
Louis Jetson Center for Youth (JCY) is a former juvenile correctional facility in unincorporated East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana, near Baton Rouge and Baker. It as previously referred to as "Scotlandville" after the nearby community. It was operated by the Louisiana Department of Corrections and later by the Louisiana Office of Juvenile Justice (OJJ).
Scenic Alternative High School was located at Jetson.
It was named after a humanitarian and activist named Louis Jetson.
History
On October 1, 1948 the State Industrial School for Colored Youth, established that year by the Louisiana Legislature, opened. The school's budget was $150,000, and it had 11 employees and a single prisoner. Campaigning for a correctional facility for black children began when the Louisiana Colored Teachers Association president did so in 1900, and in the 1920s civic groups also began asking for such a facility. Even though the Louisiana Legislature established a correctional facility for black children in 1928, it never opened because the legislature did not give any money to fund it.
In 1956 the facility began housing both boys and girls. In 1969 racial desegregation occurred and the name became Louisiana Training Institute–East Baton Rouge (LTI). It became known as the "Louis Jetson Correctional Center for Youth", and then the "Louis Jetson Center for Youth", in 1995 and 2005, respectively.
The Louisiana Legislature had ordered Jetson closed by June 30, 2009. This decision was praised by The New York Times Editorial Board. Instead the center remained open, and after downsizing, it kept its name. At the end of the facility's life, only a portion of the campus was in use. 76 inmates were at Jetson prior to its closure.
The center closed on January 26, 2014. The prisoners were transferred to Bridge City and Swanson early that morning. The decision was not announced in advance. OJJ Secretary Mary Livers later apologized for the secrecy of the closing. The cited reasons for closing the facility included the existence of newer facilities and the difficulty of managing inmates on the outdated and large Jetson property. Months later, Louisiana authorities announced intentions to rebuild and reopen Jetson.
By September 2016 the prisoners displaced from the Louisiana Correctional Institute for Women (LCIW) in St. Gabriel who were moved to the former Phelps Correctional Center near DeQuincy were transferred to the former JCY. Jetson continued to house LCIW prisoners as well as the LCIW administration.
Notable inmates
Adult LCIW prisoners at the former Jetson:
Amy Hebert - Murdered their two children
See also
References
Notes
Much of the content originated from Louisiana Office of Juvenile Justice
External links
Jetson Center for Youth - Louisiana Office of Juvenile Justice
Juvenile detention centers in the United States
Prisons in Louisiana
Buildings and structures in East Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana
1948 establishments in Louisiana
The igil (Tuvan: игил) is a two-stringed Tuvan musical instrument, played by bowing the strings. (It is called "ikili" in Western Mongolia.) The neck and lute-shaped sound box are usually made of a solid piece of pine or larch. The top of the sound box may be covered with skin or a thin wooden plate. The strings, and those of the bow, are traditionally made of hair from a horse's tail (strung parallel), but may also be made of nylon. Like the morin khuur of Mongolia, the igil typically features a carved horse's head at the top of the neck above the tuning pegs, and both instruments are known as the horsehead fiddle.
The igil is held nearly upright when played, with the sound box of the instrument in the performer's lap, or braced against the top of the performer's boot. Playing technique involves touching the strings with the nails or fingertips, but without pressing them to the neck. The igil has no frets. The bow is held with an underhand grip.
The igil formerly had an entire genre dedicated to it, with a repertoire of songs meant to be performed only on the igil. During the communist period in Tuva attempts were made to "modernize" the igil. This was nothing more than an attempt to westernize the instrument making it more like the European cello. However the instruments and playing style used by most Tuvan musicians today are largely the same as the original form of the igil.
Famous players of the igil include Ak-ool Kara-sal, Andrei Chuldum-ool, Kaigal-ool Khovalyg, Igor Koshkendei, Mongun-ool Ondar, Aldar Tamdyn, Radik Tulush and Evgenii Saryglar.
See also
Music of Tuva
Tuvan throat singing
Topshur
Morin khuur
Doshpuluur
Yaylı tambur
External links
Igil Demo, folktale, photos, and text
Igil in contemporary Western music
Bowed string instruments
Necked bowl lutes
Drumhead lutes
Tuvan musical instruments
ru:Морин хуур
Toplica is a village in Municipality of Prilep, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 5 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 5
References
External links
Villages in Prilep Municipality
Berhanu Zerihun (1933/4 – 1987) was an prolific Ethiopian writer in Amharic and journalist, noted for their clear and crisp writing style, which contrasted against the more complex writing style popular in their time.
Early life
Born in Gondar the son of an Orthodox Christian Priest, Zerihun Mersa, as a child Berhanu was not interested in sacred texts and devoted much of their spare time to reading new Ethiopian “secular” books. Their first poem about a corrupt judge was published in the newspaper Yezareitu Ityopya (Today's Ethiopia). Berhanu enrolled in the Addis Ababa Technical School, alongside their studies, they were an editor of a school magazine and regularly contributed to newspapers.
Career
After graduating in 1956, Berhanu worked for a year as assistant shop master at the Technical School, and subsequently at the Mapping and Geography Institute for two years. They continued writing for newspapers. During Berhanu's career as a journalist, they were a deputy editor of Yezareitu Ityopya from 1959 till 1961. In 1961 they became editor-in-chief of Voice of Ethiopia, and from 1963 to 1966 editor of Addis Zemen. Berhanu was reinstated as the editor of Addis Zemen after the revolution of 1974. In 1977/8 they were arrested for political reasons, since Addis Zemen did not reflect the political line of the government. After nine months in detention Berhanu was released and appointed editor of the magazine Yekkatit. In 1980 they were appointed editor of the international magazine World Marxist Review.
Berhanu was also a prolific writer. Among their first books were
●Hulet Yeemba Debdabewoch (“Two Letters of Tears” 1960) a collection of short stories dealing with Ethiopian political themes such as starvation.
●Del Kemot Behuala (“Victory after Death” 1963), which dealt with the Sharpeville massacre in South Africa.
●Yebedel Fetsamie (“The Fulfillment of Crime” 1965) on the subject of prostitution in Ethiopia.
●YeTewodros Enba (“Tewodros's Tears” 1966), a noted work of historical fiction about Emperor Tewodros II which was well received.
Berhanu was most famous for their ‘‘revolutionary'' trilogy of novels, Maebel (“The Flood”) (Vol. 1, 1974; Vol. 2, 1981; Vol. 3, 1982). It was a political work. The novels depicted the problems of Ethiopian society, the inequities of the old regime, and the prospects of socialist development. All three volumes of Maebel were subsequently read on the radio.
Berhanu also wrote plays, among them “Moresh” (Codename, Password), which was staged by the National Theatre, and “Tatennyaw tewanay” (“The Troublesome Actor”) in 1983.
Their last novel, YeTangut Mestir (“Tangut's Secret”), was published in 1987.
Legacy
Berhanu began to suffer health problems in the early 1980s and died on 24 April 1987; they were buried in the Holy Trinity Cathedral in Addis Ababa. Berhanu rejuvenated Ethiopian literature by introducing their own literary style. Their literary manner is sometimes referred to as berhanigna, i.e., “the language of Berhanu.”
References
1930s births
1987 deaths
Amharic-language writers
Ethiopian novelists
Year of birth uncertain
Ethiopian dramatists and playwrights
Ethiopian journalists
20th-century novelists
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
20th-century journalists
Clinical Psychology Review is a peer-reviewed academic journal that supports subscription based and open access publication of reviews on topics relevant to the field of clinical psychology. Gordon J. G. Asmundson (University of Regina) serves as the Editor-In-Chief of the journal with associate editors Ernst Koster (Universiteit Gent), Christine Purdon (University of Waterloo), Annemieke van Straten (Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam), and Michael J. Zvolensky (University of Houston). Clinical Psychology Review has a Cite Score of 18.1 and an impact factor of 12.792 (2020) ranking it 2nd out of 131 journals in clinical psychology.
Scope of Clinical Psychology Review
A broad range of topics are covered including but not limited to topics related to psychopathology, psychotherapy, behaviour therapy, cognitive therapies, behavioural medicine, community mental health, psychiatric assessment, and childhood development. The journal aims to publish papers contributing to the advancement of science and support for the practice of clinical psychology.
Indexing of Publications
Clinical Psychology Review is indexed in 7 international databases to promote global reach with inclusion in BIOSIS Citation Index, Current Contents – Social & Behavioral Sciences, Embase, Google Scholar, PsycINFO, PubMed/ Medline, and Scopus.
Submission of Manuscripts
More information regarding the manuscript submission process can be found upon review of the author submission guidelines. For authors interested in pursuing open access publishing with Clinical Psychology Review, more information can be found upon review of their open access options.
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
On September 20, 2021 Clinical Psychology Review pledges its commitment to improving the diversity of their editorial board and contributors while also making it a priority to increase attention to culture and diversity in published reviews. The senior editor team is equally distributed across North America and Europe and half are women. Data from January 2021 about their editorial board revealed the majority of members were affiliated with institutions in North America and approximately 40% were women. It has been made a priority for 2021-2022 that Clinical Psychology Review will work towards increasing the representation of women on the editorial board with aim of reaching 50% by August 2022. Of equal priority, the journal seeks to increase global balance of their editorial board and contributors to the journal over the next several years. By the end of 2022, Clinical Psychology Review plans to incorporate explicit guidance on reporting race, ethnicity, and other diversity characteristics for inclusion in their author submission guidelines. The pledge and associated aims by Clinical Psychology Review aligns with Elsevier's broader ongoing equity, diversity, and inclusion efforts as it is critical for these factors to be considered in achieving scientific excellence, innovation, and advancement. The journal believes in the power of an inclusive publishing environment not only to do what is right but to enrich, strengthen, and advance us all.
Members of Editorial Board
Ruth A. Baer (University of Kentucky), USA
Daniel Bagner (Florida International University), USA
Anna M. Bardone-Cone (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill), USA
Linda Booij (Concordia University), Canada
Andrew Busch (The Miriam Hospital, Centers for Behavioral and Preventive Medicine), USA
John Calamari (Rosalind Franklin University of Medicine), USA
Michael Christopher (Pacific University), USA
Pim Cuijpers (VU Amsterdamn), Netherlands
Melissa Cyders (Indiana University Purdue University Indianapolis), USA
Joanne Davis (University of Tulsa), USA
Jon D. Elhai (University of Toledo), USA
Brandon Gaudiano (Brown University), USA
David A. F. Haaga (American University), USA
Gretchen Haas (University of Pittsburgh), USA
Gerald Haeffel (University of Notre Dame), USA
Richard Hallam (London),United Kingdom
Martin Harrow (University of Illinois at Chicago College of Medicine), USA
Holly Hazlett-Stevens (University of Nevada Reno), USA
Eli Lebowitz (Yale University School of Medicine), USA
Ellen W. Leen-Feldner (University of Arkansas), USA
Carl Lejuez (University of Kansas), USA
Richard Moulding (Deakin University), Australia
Kim Mueser (Boston University), USA
Jeremy Pettit (Florida International University), USA
Suzanne Pineles (VA Boston Health Care System), USA
Mark D. Rapport (University of Central Florida), USA
Karen Rowa (McMaster University and St. Joseph's Healthcare Hamilton), Canada
Kristalyn Salters-Pedneault (Eastern Connecticut State University), USA
Donald Sharpe (University of Regina), Canada
Eric A Storch (Baylor College of Medicine), USA
Bruce Wampold (University of Wisconsin-Madison), USA
Carl F. Weems (Iowa State University), USA
Aviv Weinstein (Ariel University), Israel
Thomas A. Widiger (University of Kentucky), USA
Sabine Wilheln (Massachusetts General Hospital), USA
References
External links
Clinical Psychology Review
Clinical psychology journals
Publications established in 1981
Review journals
Elsevier academic journals
Psychotherapy journals
The 2018 Super2 Series (known for commercial reasons as the 2018 Dunlop Super2 Series) was an Australian motor racing competition for Supercars, staged as a support series to the 2018 Supercars Championship. It was the nineteenth running of the Supercars Development Series, the second tier of competition in Supercars racing.
The series was won by Chris Pither, driving in a Garry Rogers Motorsport prepared Holden VF Commodore.
Teams and drivers
The following teams and drivers competed in the series.
Team changes
Eggleston Motorsport expanded to a four-car team after purchasing an extra Holden VF Commodore built by Triple Eight Race Engineering.
Grove Racing made their series début after purchasing an ex-Triple Eight VF Commodore.
Kostecki Brothers Racing expanded their operations to become a three-car team.
Driver changes
Entering/rejoining series
Dean Fiore returned to full-time competition with MW Motorsport in preparation for the 2018 Enduro Cup.
Formula 4 regular Zane Goddard made their Super2 début, replacing Andrew Jones at Brad Jones Racing.
Tyler Greenbury, who finished runner-up in the third-tier V8 Touring Car National Series in 2017, was promoted to the Super2 Series in 2018. Greenbury raced for Matt Stone Racing.
Brenton Grove made their series début with Grove Racing after contesting the Porsche GT3 Cup Challenge and Carrera Cup Australia in 2017.
Chris Pither returned to the series on a full-time basis with Garry Rogers Motorsport.
Thomas Randle returned to Australia after two years competing in Europe. Randle replaced Josh Kean at Tickford Racing.
Alex Rullo returned to the series with MW Motorsport after entering in the Supercars series in 2017.
Reigning Australian Endurance Championship champion Dominic Storey made their Super2 début with Eggleston Motorsport.
Changing teams
Shae Davies moved from MW Motorsport to Paul Morris Motorsport where they replaced Anton de Pasquale.
Bryce Fullwood moved from MW Motorsport to Matt Stone Racing.
2016 series champion Garry Jacobson moved from Tickford Racing to MW Motorsport.
Brodie Kostecki left Matt Stone Racing to join their cousins Kurt and Jake Kostecki at Kostecki Brothers Racing.
Adam Marjoram moved from Matt Stone Racing to Image Racing, replacing Jack Perkins.
Leaving series
Anton de Pasquale, Todd Hazelwood and Jack Le Brocq left the series as they graduated to the Supercars Championship with Erebus Motorsport, Matt Stone Racing and Tekno Autosports respectively.
Andrew Jones, Josh Kean and Matthew Palmer left the championship.
Richard Muscat left the series to prepare for the Enduro Cup.
Mid-season changes
Tyler Greenbury left the series after three rounds, citing sponsorship issues. They were replaced with Jaie Robson for Barbagallo.
Calendar
The 2018 Dunlop Super2 Series comprised seven rounds:
Calendar changes
The Bathurst 1000 support race returned to being a points-paying series round again after the 2017 Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 failed to draw wildcard entries and the accompanying Super2 non-series round saw a downturn in participation from previous years.
The category returned to Barbagallo Raceway for a series round. The round had been removed from the 2017 Super2 Series schedule to allow teams the opportunity to run wildcard entries in the Supercars Championship event, but no entries were received.
The series no longer hosted four-race format rounds.
Rule changes
Sporting regulations
The "wildcard" programme introduced in 2017 to allows teams from the Dunlop Super2 Series to compete in the Supercars Championship continued in 2018. Entries were open for the Winton, Hidden Valley, Ipswich and Tailem Bend rounds, while the Barbagallo round was discontinued.
Technical regulations
The Super2 Series no longer allowed "Project Blueprint" cars after fifteen years of use in Supercars and Super2 series. They were replaced by the "New Generation" cars first introduced to Supercars racing in 2013, bringing the Super2 Series in line with the technical regulations of its parent series. The Project Blueprint cars were eligible to compete in the V8 Touring Car National Series, the third tier of the sport.
Results and standings
Season summary
Points system
Points were awarded in each race as follows.
Series standings
References
External links
2018 Operations Manual, www.supercars.com, as archived at web.archive.org
2018 Dunlop Super2 Series Points, www.supercars.com, as archived at web.archive.org
Supercars Development Series
Super2 Series
Crystal Decisions (previously known as Seagate Software Information Management Group) was a company that was known for its business intelligence products.
The company was formed when hard disk drive manufacturer Seagate Technology acquired Holistic Systems and Crystal Services with the intention of pursuing better profit margins in the software market. Holistic Systems had a wide range of sales offices, infrastructure and the Holos OLAP product, whilst Crystal Services had good OEM deals for the Crystal Reports database reporting product that they had written. The first new product from the combined company was Seagate Info, which later evolved to become known as Crystal Enterprise. Crystal Analysis followed as an OLAP client.
The company's structure reflected its heritage, with OLAP technologies being developed out of the former Holistic Systems R&D site in Ipswich, Suffolk, England and Relational Database technologies being developed out of the former Crystal Services R&D centre in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Crystal Decisions was acquired by Business Objects in December 2003. As part of this acquisition, the former research and development site in Ipswich, Suffolk, England, was closed with a loss of about 80 jobs in order to centralize development in Vancouver and Paris, with the support for the Holos product being outsourced to Raspberry Software based near Ipswich.
The Holos product line has now ceased.
Business Objects was purchased by SAP in March 2008.
External links
Indicee Website
Sys-Con Media Article, December 17th, 2009
TechCrunch Article November 4th 2009
Press Release July 2003 - Business Objects to Acquire Crystal Decisions
See also
TechCrunch Article October 2007 - SAP Acquires Business Objects
Business intelligence
The Cayman Islands requires its residents to register their motor vehicles and display vehicle registration plates. Vehicle plates usually have six numbers on them, separated into groups of three. Most plates have 'Cayman Islands' written beneath the numbers and are North American standard 6 × 12 inches (152 × 300 mm).
In 2003, quincentennial plates (known as Q-plates) were issued; they had four blue numbers following a 'Q' on a background depicting a picturesque Cayman scene with celebratory logos. Initially, Q-plates were issued with white characters but these were recalled and replaced.
See also
Vehicle registration plates of British overseas territories
References
Cayman Islands
Road transport in the Cayman Islands
Cayman Islands-related lists
Leonów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Rejowiec, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Hill Manor is a manor house in the parish of Brading on the Isle of Wight.
A small holding, with the adjoining Beaper, by the late Miss le Marchant, lies to the east of Hardingshute Manor, and was in the 14th century held by Reginald le Corner. It probably formed part of the manor of Nunwell at one time. In 1333 Walter le Burgeys de la Brigge granted a rent in Hill to John de Kingston, but this may refer to another holding. In 1604 Robert Dillington died seised of the 'manor of Hill.'
References
This article includes text incorporated from William Page's "A History of the County of Hampshire: Volume 5 (1912)", a publication now in the public domain
Manor houses in England
Country houses on the Isle of Wight
Brograve Mill is a windpump located on Brograve level in the parish of Sea Palling within the Norfolk Broads National Park, United Kingdom. It can be found at and is approximately 1 mile north of Horsey Mere. The mill is a Grade II listed building.
History
The Brograve windmill water pump is of red brick construction, now lying in an extremely dilapidated and unsafe state. Built in 1771 by Sir Berney Brograve, 1st Baronet (1726–1797), it is thought to have last worked around 1930. The mill had an 8-bladed windmill fantail, with a boat-shaped cap carrying two pairs of patent shuttered sails, powering an internal turbine pump. Its purpose was to drain the Brograve levels into the human-made Waxham New Cut. It is one of two mills on this water course, the other being Lambridge Mill (also derelict), located about 1 mile south of Sea Palling.
Today
Only two stocks and two stubs of the original sails remain. The mill has a very westward lean to it, inspiring the myth that a furious Devil tried to foil Brograve's drainage efforts by blowing it down. Separated by the Cut, Brograve Mill cannot be directly reached on foot. However, it can be seen very closely from various eastern perspectives by following a path along the Waxham New Cut from Horsey Mere (see illus.), where there is also a farm track on private property owned by Brograve Farm. The only direct access the mill would be by boat along the Waxham New Cut, however entering the structure is strongly discouraged as it is in a very unsafe state.
Further reading
References
Windmills of the Norfolk Broads
Tower mills in the United Kingdom
Windmills completed in 1771
Grade II listed windmills
Grade II listed buildings in Norfolk
North Norfolk
1771 establishments in Great Britain
Freddie Foreman (born 5 March 1932), better known as Brown Bread Fred, is an English publican, gangster, former associate of the Kray twins and convicted criminal.
Foreman was a prominent figure in London gangland from the 1950s through to the 1980s.
Early life
Frederick Gerald Foreman was born at 22 Sheepcote Lane, Battersea on 5 March 1932, the son of Herbert Albert Foreman.
Criminal history
Foreman was nicknamed "Brown Bread Fred" (‘Brown Bread' being Cockney rhyming slang for ‘Dead'), as they were known in the underworld for being able to dispose of bodies.
For a large part of the 1960s, Foreman and the Kray twins' gang The Firm, ruled the streets in the East End of London. But Foreman's association with them ended when all three were imprisoned. At the time of the arrests, Foreman was 36 years old and licensee of The Prince of Wales on Lant Street in Southwark.
Foreman was involved in the disposal of the body of Jack "the Hat" McVitie (murdered by Reggie Kray). They were sentenced to ten years in prison.
Foreman was later sentenced to nine years imprisonment for handling proceeds from the Security Express robbery in Shoreditch, East London in 1983, which at the time was the largest cash robbery in the UK. and for which they received nine years in prison.
In their autobiography, Respect, Foreman also admitted to the murders of Frank "Mad Axeman" Mitchell and Tommy "Ginger" Marks during the 1960s in revenge for the shooting of their brother who had been shot in the groin. They had been acquitted of these murders at an Old Bailey trial in the 1960s.
Foreman has served a total of 16 years in prison.
Television
Fred (2018)
In 2018, it was announced that a biopic documentary would be made on Foreman, directed by their son Jamie. Rather than glamorizing Foreman's life of crime, Fred is billed as a somber and intimate look at the notorious villain towards the end of their life. The biopic was written and directed by Paul Van Carter.
Fred was released in the UK on 17 March 2018.
Personal life
Foreman is married to Maureen Foreman. Together they have three children, actor Jamie Foreman, Gregory and Danielle. Foreman has 3 grandchildren.
Foreman retired in 1990.
In 2018, it was reported Foreman was living in a nursing home with no money, estranged from their family.
Published works
Foreman has authored 10 books.
Respect (1997)
The God Father of British Crime (2005)
Brown Bread Fred (2007)
Getting it Straight (2011)
The Last Real Gangster (2015)
Freddie Foreman Pictures (2015)
The Krays "Read all About It" (2016)
Freddie Foreman in Pictures (2017)
Running with The Krays (2017)
The Godfather of British Crime (2018)
References
Literature
1932 births
Living people
English gangsters
20th-century English criminals
British people convicted of robbery
Criminals from London
Tragic Songs of Life may refer to:
Tragic Songs of Life (The Louvin Brothers album)
Chironomus plumosus, also known as the buzzer midge, is a species of nonbiting midge (Chironomidae) that occurs throughout areas in the Northern Hemisphere.
Description
Adult
Adults are pale green with brown legs and grow to . Males have feathery antennae, while females' antennae are sleek. A dark brown band is seen at the end of each abdominal segment. Adults of the sibling species C. muratensis and C. nudiventris cannot be distinguished from C. plumosus based on morphological characters.
Immature
The larvae are called bloodworms because some larvae are bright red, but they can also be found in brown and almost black. When the larva pupate, they drift towards the surface, making them vulnerable to many types of fish. Other common predators include the common backswimmer (Notonecta glauca), common pondskater (Gerris lacustris), common toad (Bufo bufo), lesser water boatman (Corixa punctata), dragonflies, damselflies, great crested newt (Triturus cristatus), great diving beetle (Dytiscus marginalis), redstart (Phoenicurus phoenicurus), smooth newt (Triturus vulgaris), water scorpion (Nepa cinerea) and other midges such as Anatopynia plumipes.
Lifecycle
During the spring and summer, males create mating swarms which people can find quite a nuisance, though adults do not bite or feed. Females lay egg masses in water where the egg mass will grow and sink to the bottom. The larvae stay at the bottom in silken tubes. The larvae feed on organic material such as organic debris and algae.
References
External links
BioLib
Chironomidae
Insects of the United States
Diptera of North America
Insects described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Surgeon Vice-Admiral Philip Iain Raffaelli, CB, QHP, FRCP (born 24 November 1955 in Kirkcaldy, Fife) is a British general practitioner and Royal Naval Medical Officer. Raffaelli served as Surgeon General of the British Armed Forces until 2012.
Military career
Raffaelli joined the Royal Navy as a cadet in 1976, while studying medicine at Edinburgh Medical School. Raffaelli joined the Royal Navy Submarine Service and worked as a medical officer from 1979, working for a time on submarines. In 2007, they became the head of the Royal Navy Medical Service, the Medical Director General (Naval), as Surgeon Rear-Admiral, before assuming the position of Surgeon-General on 22 December 2009, taking over from Lieutenant-General Louis Lillywhite.
Honours
Raffaelli was appointed as an Honorary Physician to the Queen in 2005, and later as a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians.  They are also a Governor of the University Hospitals Birmingham NHS Foundation Trust, and an appointee to the court of the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine
References
Living people
Companions of the Order of the Bath
Royal Navy Medical Service officers
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
1955 births
Surgeons-General of the British Armed Forces
Royal Navy vice admirals
People from Kirkcaldy
Royal Navy submariners
Commanders of the Order of St John
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
Ferdinand Kuehn (January 22, 1821January 31, 1901) was a German American immigrant, business person, and Democratic politician. They served as the 7th State Treasurer of Wisconsin.
Biography
Born in Augsburg, Germany, they worked in banking in Switzerland. In 1844, they moved to Jefferson County, Wisconsin, and then to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where they worked in the banking industry. They were elected city treasurer and then the city comptroller for the city of Milwaukee. In 1857–1858, they served on the Milwaukee Common Council. From 1874–1878, Kuehn served as Wisconsin State Treasurer.
References
1821 births
1901 deaths
Bavarian emigrants to the United States
Milwaukee Common Council members
Wisconsin city council members
State treasurers of Wisconsin
19th-century American politicians
Knut Gerschau (born 3 July 1961) is a German politician for the FDP and since 2021 member of the Bundestag, the federal diet.  They are a past chairperson of the board of the German Foundation for World Population (DSW) and state chairperson of the Liberaler Mittelstand Lower Saxony.
Career
Gerschau was born 1963 in the West German city of Bremen and grew up in Bremerhaven and, following their move to Wilhelmshaven, later earned their Abitur in Bremen. After completing their military service in Bremen and Schleswig-Holstein, Gerschau moved to Hanover.
In 1984 Knut Gerschau and Robert Kroth founded the Gerschau.Kroth.Werbeagentur. GmbH (now LEADS-Marketing) in Hanover. They have been their managing partner since the company was founded.
Social and political commitment
Knut Gerschau, a member of the 16th Federal Assembly participated in the election of the German Federal President on 12 February 2017,
They also hold several honorary offices:
Board member of the German Foundation for World Population (DSW) from 2010 to 2019.
Member of the Board of Trustees of the Rudolf von Bennigsen Foundation
Chairman of the Society of Friends of the Rudolf-von-Bennigsen-Foundation e. V.
State chairperson of the Liberaler Mittelstand Niedersachsen e. V. (Liberal Middle Classes of Lower Saxony).
Gerschau is involved in Hanover in the district foundation Sahlkamp-Vahrenheide.
In 2021 they were elected as a member of the Bundestag.
Private
Knut Gerschau is single and father of two children.
See also
List of members of the 20th Bundestag
2021 German federal election
References
External links
Biography at the German Bundestag
Living people
1961 births
Free Democratic Party (Germany) politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
21st-century German politicians
Litter is trash in small portions thrown inappropriately in a public place.
Litter may refer to:
Places
Litter, Pulwama, a tehsil in Jammu and Kashmir, India
Litter, a civil parish in the barony of Fermoy, County Cork, Ireland
Animals
Litter (zoology), a group of mammals born of the same pregnancy
Bedding (animals), or litter, material strewn in an animal's enclosure for it to sleep on and to absorb feces and urine
Cat litter, or "kitty litter", loose, absorbent material as part of the indoor feces and urine disposal system for pets
Other uses
Litter (rescue basket), a basket-like stretcher device used to ferry injured people
Litter (vehicle), a piece of furniture mounted on a platform and carried by (usually human) muscle power
Plant litter, dead plant material that has fallen to the ground
The Litter, a 1960s psychedelic rock band
See also
Letter (disambiguation)
Liter
Lotter
Lutter (disambiguation)
In mathematics, Kummer's theorem is a formula for the exponent of the highest power of a prime number p that divides a given binomial coefficient. In other words, it gives the p-adic valuation of a binomial coefficient. The theorem is named after Ernst Kummer, who proved it in a paper, .
Statement
Kummer's theorem states that for given integers n ≥ m ≥ 0 and a prime number p, the p-adic valuation is equal to the number of carries when m is added to n − m in base p.
It can be proved by writing as and using Legendre's formula.
Examples
To compute the largest power of 2 dividing the binomial coefficient write and in base as and . Carrying out the addition in base 2 requires three carries. And the largest power of 2 that divides is .
Multinomial coefficient generalization
Kummer's theorem can be generalized to multinomial coefficients as follows:
Write the base- expansion of the integer as , and define to be the sum of the base- digits. Then
See also
Lucas's theorem
References
Theorems in number theory
Nan Wood Graham (July 26, 1899 – December 14, 1990) was an American artist and art teacher. They were the sister of painter Grant Wood.  They are best known as the model for the woman in their brother's most famous painting, American Gothic (1930).
Personal life
Graham was born on July 26, 1899, on a farm near Anamosa, Iowa. Them parents were Francis M. and Hattie Wood and they had three older brothers, including painter Grant Wood. They were 16 months of age when their father, who was a farmer, died. They then moved to Cedar Rapids, Iowa, with their mother and brothers, moving six times within Iowa in all during their mother's life. As a child, Graham enjoyed painting, including on glass. Once the money earned from the farm was depleted, their brother Grant supported Graham and their mother financially. Graham attended high school in Cedar Rapids and then business college. Upon graduation, they attended nightly art school classes and was an art supervisor assistant within Cedar Rapids public schools.
They married real estate broker and investor Edward Graham in 1924. Them own artwork included sewing, making collages out of tissues, and painting glass. In 1938, Graham was featured in a Cedar Rapids Gazette story about their designs and painted glass. They exhibited their artwork in Iowa art salons and New York. The animal pictures that they painted and showed in New York were often used on ornaments, screens, decorative panels, play-rooms, and more. Graham wrote a story about themselves in an issue of the magazine Coronet.
Graham traveled throughout the United States with their husband and then they later traveled worldwide. They decided to live in Riverside, California, and Edward entered the real estate business there. After their husband died in 1967, Graham moved into a house that was close to their old one. They later made around 20 scrapbooks of Grant's life which were microfilmed by the Archives of American Art within the Smithsonian Institution. In 1984, they were nearing blindness and moved to a nursing home, later dying there on December 14, 1990. In 1993, their memoir, My Brother, Grant Wood, was posthumously published by the State Historical Society of Iowa.
American Gothic
In 1928, Graham's brother Grant Wood returned after a working trip to Munich, Germany, and they felt inspired to paint a picture of a cottage that was in Eldon, Iowa. Graham posed as the woman and their dentist, Byron McKeeby, posed as the male. People who saw the painting assumed that the portrayed couple was married, but Graham said that their brother intended it to be a picture of a farmer and their daughter. Grant stretched out Graham's face in the picture so that no one would be able to recognize them Shortly after the painting was finished, the farmers and their wives nearby thought that they were being ridiculed. Those people became fans when they realized that Graham posed for the painting.
In 1977, the magazine Hustler showed a topless version of the painting. Graham was afraid that people would think that they authorized it.
References
Further reading
External links
Nan Wood Graham's scrapbooks, Iowa Digital Library
1899 births
1990 deaths
People from Anamosa, Iowa
American artists' models
People from Riverside, California
People from Menlo Park, California
Sichuanese Pinyin (Si4cuan1hua4 Pin1yin1; ), is a romanization system specifically designed for the Chengdu dialect of Sichuanese. It is mostly used in selected Sichuanese dictionaries, such as the Sichuan Dialect Dictionary, Sichuan Dialect's Vocabulary Explanation, and the Chengdu Dialect Dictionary. Sichuanese Pinyin is based on Hanyu Pinyin, the only Chinese romanization system officially instructed within the People's Republic of China, for convenience amongst users. However, there is also the problem that it is unable to match the phonology of Sichuanese with complete precision, especially in the case for the Minjiang dialect, as there are many differences between Sichuanese and Standard Chinese in phonology.
Scheme
Initials
Below each IPA symbol in the table below are the letters which correspond to their respective sounds in Sichuanese Pinyin, and a sample Chinese character with that initial:
Finals
Below each IPA symbol in the table below are the letters which correspond to their respective sounds in Sichuanese Pinyin, and a sample Chinese character with that syllable rime:
Tones
The Sichuanese Pinyin system uses superscript numbers to mark the four tones of Chengdu dialect. The number is placed on the top right corner of every syllable, where "1" stands for the first tone, "2" stands for the second tone, and so forth.
Rules
The rules of Sichuanese Pinyin are based on those of Hanyu Pinyin.
Sample text
The following sample text is a selection of Sichuanese idioms in Sichuanese Pinyin, Scuanxua Latinxua Sin Wenz (in Sichuanese) and Hanyu Pinyin (in Standard Mandarin pronunciation), for comparative purposes:
References
Romanization of Chinese
Phonetic alphabets
Phonetic guides
Ruby characters
Pinyin
Espérance Hippolyte Lassagne (c. 1786 – 1854) was a French chansonnier and playwright during the first half of the 19th century.
Biography
An employee at the Palais-Royal (1823) in the administration of the Duke of Orleans (Louis Philippe I) in Paris, they had under them Alexandre Dumas then hired as a copyist, whom they introduced into the literary life. They wrote with them the play La Noce et l'Enterrement which would be presented at the Théâtre de la Porte-Saint-Martin in 1826.
Their plays were presented on the most significant Parisian stages of their fifetime: Théâtre du Vaudeville, Théâtre de l'Odéon, Théâtre des Variétés etc.
Works
1824: La Pièce de circonstance, ou le Théâtre dans la caserne, à-propos-vaudeville
1824: La Rue du Carrousel, ou le Musée en boutique, vaudeville in 1 act, with Théodore Anne
1825: Dansera-t-on ? ou les Deux adjoints, à-propos vaudeville in 1 act, with Paul Ledoux
1825: Les Singes, ou la Parade dans le salon, vaudeville in 1 act, with Rochefort and Brisset
1826: La pêche de Vulcain, ou L'île des fleuves, à-propos mingled with vaudeville, with Mathurin-Joseph Brisset and Edmond Rochefort
1826: Le Prologue impromptu, ou les Acteurs en retard, à propos in 1 act and in vaudevilles, with Marc-Antoine Désaugiers
1826: La Noce et l'Enterrement, play, with Alexandre Dumas and Gustave Vulpian
1828: Le Farceur de société, ou les Suites d'une parade, play in 2 acts, mingled with couplets, with Rochefort
1828: Les Omnibus, ou la Revue en voiture, vaudeville en 4 tableaux, with Frédéric de Courcy and Charles Dupeuty
1828: Le Restaurant, ou le Quart d'heure de Rabelais, tableau-vaudeville in 1 act, with de Courcy
undated; Le Retour du guernadier, song
References
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
French chansonniers
1854 deaths
Alexandre Dumas
Year of birth uncertain
Reign Through Immortality is the second studio album by Canadian heavy metal band Erimha. The album was released on July 8, 2013 through Victory Records, and was produced by Chris Donaldson.
Track listing
Personnel
Erimha
Gore – vocals
Kthien – guitars
Dlusternas – guitars
Ksaos – drums
Additional musicians
Christian Donaldson – bass
Jonathan Lefrancois-Leduc – orchestration
Fred Malizia – orchestration
Production
Christian Donaldson – producer, engineer, mixing, mastering
References
2013 albums
Erimha albums
The Navy Pay Office also known as the Navy Treasury was established in 1546. The office was administered by the Treasurer of the Navy, and was semi-autonomous of the Navy Office. It existed until 1835 when all offices and accounting departments of the Royal Navy were unified into the Department of the Accountant-General of the Navy. The Navy Pay Office received money directly from HM Treasury.
History
The Navy Pay Office (NPO) was established in 1546, it was administered by the Treasurer of the Navy and existed until 1835 when all finance and accounting offices and departments of the Royal Navy were centralized into a single department under the Accountant-General of the Navy. The office was responsible processing naval finance including payments to flag officers, other commissioned officers and non-commissioned naval personnel and including the Victualling Office. The work of its staff was divided into a number of branches with specific areas of responsibility, these were overseen by the paymaster of the navy, the inspector of seamen's wills and the captains comptrolling payments of ships at Portsmouth, Plymouth and the Nore.
The Navy Pay Office (domain of the Treasurer of the Navy and the Paymaster of the Navy) was independent of the Navy Board; though the board's commissioners were required to authorize payments, all funds transferred from HM Treasury were held and issued by the Navy Pay Office (which was also known as the Naval Treasury).
Organisation and structure of the Navy Pay Office
The Navy Pay Office consisted of a number of specific departments and offices that included:
Branches
Each branch within the Navy Pay Office was administered by a Chief Clerk each had a head cashier together with other supporting staff.
Accountants Branch
Allotment Branch
Bill and Remittance Branch
Navy Branch
Navy Bills Branch
Prize Branch
Stores Branch
Ticket Branch
Ticket and Wages Branch
Treasurers Branch
Victualling Branch
Wages Branch
Wills Branch
Offices
Office of the Assistant to the Treasurer of the Navy
Office of the Captains Controlling the Payment of Ships
Office of the Paymaster of the Marines (Navy Board)
Office of the Paymaster of the Navy
Office of the Inspector of Seaman's Wills
Citations
Sources
Archives, National (1563–1985). "Records of Accounting and Pay Departments". nationalarchives.gov.uk. London, England: The National Archives. Retrieved 2 January 2019.
Glasgow Tom. jun. (1970) Maturing of Naval Administration 1556–1564, The Mariner's Mirror, 56:1, 3-26, DOI: 10.1080/00253359.1970.10658511
Great Britain, Admiralty (December 1814). "Admiralty Office". The Navy List. London, England: John Murray.
Great Britain, Admiralty (March 1828). "Civil Departments of the Navy". The Navy List. London, England: John Murray.
Great Britain, Admiralty (April 1834). "Civil Departments of the Navy". The Navy List. London, England: John Murray.
'Paymaster of Marines 1831-2 ', in Office-Holders in Modern Britain: Volume 7, Navy Board Officials 1660–1832, ed. J M Collinge (London, 1978), p. 33. British History Online http://www.british-history.ac.uk/office-holders/vol7/p33 [accessed 2 January 2019].
Admiralty departments
Navy Office organisations
The Frank J. Cobbs House is a private house located at 407 E. Chapin Street in Cadillac, Michigan. It was designated a Michigan State Historic Site in 1985 and listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
History
Frank J. Cobbs was born in Jackson County, Indiana in 1872, and was adopted by Jonathan W. Cobbs. The Cobbs family soon moved to Cadillac where the elder Cobbs purchased a sawmill and, along with William W. Mitchell, founded the lumbering firm of Cobbs & Mitchell. Cobbs & Mitchell was among the largest lumbering firms in Michigan, supplying hardwood flooring and other products to consumers. At its high point, Cobbs & Mitchell used 100,000 feet of raw lumber daily. Cobbs & Mitchell's operations played a major role in the economic development of Cadillac in the late 19th and early 20th centuries.
Frank Cobbs attended prep school at the University of Notre Dame, later attended the Michigan Military Academy, then obtained a degree from Olivet College in 1894. They returned to Cadillac to work at Cobbs & Mitchell, and in 1895 organized the Cadillac State Bank. However, soon after, their father Jonathon Cobbs became ill. As the only son, Frank Cobbs took over their father's place at Cobbs & Mitchell; the elder Cobbs eventually died in 1898. Cobbs & Mitchell continued to grow under Frank Cobbs's management, with considerable investment in the Cadillac area and growing holdings in the Pacific Northwest.
Cobbs married Maude Louise Belcher in April 1898; the same year, they had this house built for themselves and their family by local builder James R. Fletcher. It is thought that Detroit architect George D. Mason designed the house for Cobbs. In 1905, additions were made to the house, including adding a reading room over the porte cochere and extending the east wing. In 1912, the Cobbs moved to Oregon to supervise the Cobbs & Mitchell logging operations there, and in 1917 had an impressive Jacobethan mansion built in Portland. Maud Louise Cobbs died in Portland in 1940; Frank J. Cobbs died in 1951.
Description
The Frank J. Cobbs House is a three-story Colonial Revival house with clapboard siding and a gambrel roof clad in red cedar shingles. The center of the front facade projects slightly forward and is surmounted by a gambrel-roof gable. One end of the house has a gable-roofed wing, while the other has what was once a porte cochere, which is now enclosed with an added second story room. The central portion of the facade projects slightly forward of the primary facade plane and is topped by a gambrel-roof gable. The exterior contains a variety of decorative elements, including a Palladian window, windows with molded caps, round-head dormers, and fluted columns and pilasters.
A former carriage house, matching the main house in style, is sited nearby.
References
Houses completed in 1898
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Michigan
Colonial Revival architecture in Michigan
Houses in Wexford County, Michigan
Michigan State Historic Sites
National Register of Historic Places in Wexford County, Michigan
Llewellyn Ivor Price (October 9, 1905 – June 9, 1980) was one of the first Brazilian paleontologists. Their work contributed not only to the development of Brazilian but also to global paleontology. They collected Staurikosaurus, the first dinosaur discovered in Brazil.
Biography
Price was born in Santa Maria. The son of American parents, they studied chemistry and graduated in zoology and geology in the United States. After being professor at Harvard they returned to Brazil. They died of a heart attack in Rio Grande do Sul.
Awards
In 1980 they were awarded the José Bonifácio de Andrada e Silva prize by the Sociedade Brasileira de Geologia.
References
Book Os Fascinantes Caminhos da Paleontologia. Author : Antônio Isaia. Publisher Pallotti. (Portuguese)
Book: "Cronologia Histórica de Santa Maria e do extinto município de São Martinho." 1787-1933. Vol I. Author: Romeu Beltrão, Publisher Pallotti, 1958. (Portuguese)
Additional references
External links
Llewellyn Ivor Price-Science today
biography in Portuguese
1905 births
1980 deaths
Harvard University faculty
Brazilian paleontologists
Brazilian people of American descent
Pheidole komori is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.
Habitat and distribution
First described in 2013, Pheidole komori was collected in dry forest, coastal scrub land, or along a roadside, and all at elevations between 5 and 50 m from two islands of the Comoros: Moheli and Anjouan. Pheidole komori was also found in secondary forest and sand forest in the Gorongosa National Park in Mozambique. This species could belong to a yet undefined Afrotropical species group, and may be related to morphologically similar species like P. strator from Eritrea, P. strator var. fugax from Mozambique, or P. schultzei var. gwaaiensis from Zimbabwe. The presence of this species in Africa along with related species suggests that P. komori most probably has an Afrotropical origin and did not originate in the Comoros.
Description
In the Malagasy region, this medium-sized Pheidole is easily distinguished from the teneriffana group and other species revised here by minor workers that combine a distinct promesonotal posterior process with a convex postpetiolar ventral process and major workers that combine the distinct promesonotal posterior process with a more elongate head shape and posterolateral lobes that are not rugose or reticulate.
References
komori
Insects described in 2013
Jamilya () is a 1968 Soviet drama film directed by Sergei Yutkevich and Irina Poplavskaya.
The film is based on the 1958 novel Jamila by Chingiz Aitmatov.
Plot
The film is told from the point of view of the narrator, an artist, who paints scenes of rural Kyrgyz life. These scenes are based on their childhood, which they reflect back upon for the bulk of the movie. The main part of the film takes place during the Great Patriotic War in what is now Kyrgyzstan. Jamilya, a young woman, follows their parents orders by marrying Sadik, a man who they do not love. After marrying Jamilya, Sadik lives with them for only four months, then they are taken to the front, to fight in World War II. During this period, women, old people and children went to the fields and sent wheat to the front lines where the men were fighting. Jamilya misses their husband. However, Jamilya falls in love with the front-line soldier Daniyar, who has already returned from the war. After Sadik is wounded, they write in a letter that they are returning home in two months, which makes everyone happy, except for Jamilya and Daniyar who are forced to confront the reality of their relationship.
Cast
Natalya Arinbasarova as Jaamilya
Suymenkul Chokmorov as Daniyar
Nasreddin Dubashev
Aliman Zhankorozova as Dzhanyl
Altynbek Kenzhekov as Sadyk
Mukhtar Bakhtygereyev as Osmon
Bolot Beyshenaliev as Khudozhnik
Chingiz Aitmatov as Narrator (voice)
Nasyr Kitayev as Orosmat
References
External links
1968 films
1960s Russian-language films
Soviet drama films
Films based on novels
1968 drama films
Just Gimme Somethin' I'm Used To is an album of American musicians Norman Blake and Nancy Blake, released in 1992. It was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Traditional Folk Album.
Track listing
"Waiting for the Boatman" – 4:16
"Georgia Railroad" – 3:26
"Silence or Tears" – 3:20
"The Poor Little Sailor Boy" – 6:17
"Medley: Green Leaf Fancy/The Fields of November/Gonna Go Huntin' " – 7:24
"When the Work's All Done This Fall" (Traditional) – 4:01
"Brickyard Joe" – 3:20
"Mr. Garfield" (Ramblin' Jack Elliott) – 7:22
"Old Grimes" – 2:27
"Wabash Cannonball" (A. P. Carter) – 5:02
"I'd Rather Be an Old Time Christian" – 3:20
"Little Matty Groves" – 7:03
"Walking Tune" – 5:15
Personnel
Norman Blake – guitar, fiddle, vocals
Nancy Blake – guitar, cello, vocals
References
1992 albums
Norman Blake (American musician) albums
John Haggitt Charles Patten, Baron Patten, PC (born 17 July 1945) is a former Conservative Member of Parliament for Oxford West and Abingdon.
Early life
A Roman Catholic, they were educated by the Jesuits at Wimbledon College before graduating from Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge.
Parliamentary career
They were first elected for Oxford in 1979, transferring to Oxford West and Abingdon in 1983 after boundary changes divided the seat. They stood down at the 1997 general election. The seat was subsequently won by the Liberal Democrat Evan Harris.
Patten was offered the role as Secretary of State for Northern Ireland by Margaret Thatcher but refused.
Patten served as Secretary of State for Education from 1992 to 1994. They were interviewed at some length by Brian Sherratt in 1994 regarding their role as Secretary of State. While they were Education Secretary, Patten described Birmingham education chief Tim Brighouse as "a madman ... wandering the streets, frightening the children." Brighouse sued, and won substantial damages which were donated to educational charities.
House of Lords
Patten was created a life peer as Baron Patten of Wincanton in the County of Somerset on 17 June 1997. In 2013, Patten voted against the Marriage (Same-sex Couples) Act 2013.
Family
 They are married to the business person Louise Patten and they have one daughter, Mary-Claire, married to Daniel Lloyd Johnson of Essex.
Other work
They were on the governing body of Abingdon School from 1983 to 1986. They have been a senior advisor to Charterhouse Capital Partners since 2001.
References
External links
|-
|-
1945 births
Living people
People educated at Wimbledon College
Alumni of Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge
British Roman Catholics
British Secretaries of State
British Secretaries of State for Education
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
UK MPs 1992–1997
Northern Ireland Office junior ministers
Governors of Abingdon School
Life peers created by Elizabeth II
Plymouth County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 25,698. The county seat is Le Mars. Plymouth County was named after Plymouth, Massachusetts.
Plymouth County is part of the Sioux City, IA-NE-SD Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Plymouth County was formed on January 15, 1851. Settlement began in the county in 1856. In October 1859, the first courthouse was built in Melbourne, formerly located in the southeast quarter of section 34, Plymouth Township, about five to six miles due south of Merrill. The first public school opened its doors there with 32 pupils. In 1872 the county seat was moved to Le Mars and a courthouse and jail were built there in 1873. The present Plymouth County Courthouse was built in 1900 of red sandstone.
During the Great Depression, farmers in the county organized the Farmers Holiday Group, to keep farm products off the market until the desired price was met. A radical group among them abducted Judge Bradley from their court chamber and threatened to hang them in the front of the courthouse. Bradley was freed, but the governor ordered the national guard to Plymouth County and declared a state of emergency, which effectively ended the group.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.1%) is water. It is the fourth-largest county by area in Iowa.
Adjacent counties
Sioux County (north)
Cherokee County (east)
Woodbury County (south)
Union County, South Dakota (west)
Transportation
Major highways
U.S. Highway 75
Iowa Highway 3
Iowa Highway 12
Iowa Highway 60
Iowa Highway 140
Airport
Le Mars Municipal Airport is located in Plymouth County, two nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of the central business district of Le Mars.
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 25,698 in the county, with a population density of . 95.81% of the population reported being of one race. There were 10,818 housing units, of which 10,171 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 24,986 in the county, with a population density of . There were 10,550 housing units, of which 9,875 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 24,849 people, 9,372 households, and 6,804 families in the county. The population density was 29 people per square mile (11/km2). There were 9,880 housing units at an average density of 11 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.16% White, 0.29% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.27% Asian, 0.06% Pacific Islander, 0.46% from other races, and 0.62% from two or more races. 1.32% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
Of the 9,372 households 35.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 63.30% were married couples living together, 6.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 24.00% of households were one person and 12.00% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.61 and the average family size was 3.12.
The age distribution was 28.30% under the age of 18, 7.20% from 18 to 24, 26.40% from 25 to 44, 22.00% from 45 to 64, and 16.00% 65 or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females there were 98.80 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.70 males.
The median household income was $41,638 and the median family income was $50,009. Males had a median income of $33,566 versus $22,558 for females. The per capita income for the county was $19,442. About 4.40% of families and 6.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 6.70% of those under age 18 and 6.40% of those age 65 or over.
Points of interest
The Pappas Telecasting Tower, with a height of , is one of the tallest masts in the world.
Notable people
William G. Kirchner, Minnesota state legislator and banker
Ralph Klemme, Iowa state legislator and farmer
Jim Nicholson, Former Secretary of Veterans Affairs, Republican National Chairman and U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican
Johnny Niggeling, Major league baseball pitcher
Paul Rust, actor and comedian
Thomas Starzl, innovator in organ transplant surgery
Isaac S. Struble, Congressman (1883–1891) after whom Struble is named
William Garner Waddel, South Dakota State Senator
Communities
Cities
Akron
Brunsville
Craig
Hinton
Kingsley
Le Mars
Merrill
Oyens
Remsen
Sioux City (mostly in Woodbury County)
Struble
Westfield
Unincorporated communities
Adaville
Brookdale
Crathorne
James
Mammen
Milnerville
Neptune
O'Leary
Plymouth
Potosia
Ruble
Seney
Union Center (Also known as "The U")
West Le Mars
Wren
Yeomans
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Plymouth County.
† county seat
Politics
Like most of Northwest Iowa, Plymouth County is a Republican Party stronghold. Lyndon B. Johnson is the last Democrat to win the county in a presidential election, and in elections from 1896 on it has only been won by a Democrat nationally four other times.
Political Subdivisions
America
Elgin
Elkhorn
Fredonia
Garfield
Grant
Hancock
Henry
Hungerford
Johnson
Liberty
Lincoln
Marion
Meadow
Perry
Plymouth
Portland
Preston
Remsen
Sioux
Stanton
Union
Washington
Westfield
See also
Plymouth County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Plymouth County, Iowa
Plymouth Roller Milling Company
Damnation (TV series)
References
External links
Plymouth County Iowa Official website
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
The 2010–11 Women's EHF Cup was the 30th edition of the competition, taking place from 4 September 2010 to 8 May 2011. Denmark's FC Midtjylland defeated compatriot Team Tvis Holstebro to win its second EHF Cup. It was the second time the final was played by two clubs from the same country.
Qualifying Rounds
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Last 16
Quarter-finals
Semifinals
Final
References
Women's EHF Cup
EHF Cup women
EHF Cup women
Zakir Hasan (born 1 February 1998) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for Sylhet Division. They made their international debut for the Bangladesh cricket team in February 2018.
Career
Zakir made their first-class debut on 18 September 2015 in the National Cricket League. In December 2015, they were named in Bangladesh's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They made their Twenty20 (T20) debut on 8 November 2016 playing for Chittagong Vikings in the 2016–17 Bangladesh Premier League.
In January 2018, Zakir scored 211 batting for East Zone against Central Zone, in the 2017–18 Bangladesh Cricket League, their maiden double century in first-class cricket.
In February 2018, Zakir was named in Bangladesh's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for their series against Sri Lanka. They made their T20I debut for Bangladesh against Sri Lanka on 15 February 2018.
In August 2018, Zakir was one of twelve debutants to be selected for a 31-man preliminary squad for Bangladesh ahead of the 2018 Asia Cup.
In October 2018, Zakir was named in the squad for the Rajshahi Kings team, following the draft for the 2018–19 Bangladesh Premier League. In December 2018, they were named in Bangladesh's team for the 2018 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup. In November 2019, they were named in Bangladesh's squad for the 2019 ACC Emerging Teams Asia Cup in Bangladesh. Later the same month, they were selected to play for the Rangpur Rangers in the 2019–20 Bangladesh Premier League, and they were named in Bangladesh's squad for the men's cricket tournament at the 2019 South Asian Games. The Bangladesh team won the gold medal, after they beat Sri Lanka by seven wickets in the final.
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Bangladesh Twenty20 International cricketers
Sylhet Division cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Brothers Union cricketers
Bangladesh East Zone cricketers
Chittagong Vikings cricketers
South Asian Games gold medalists for Bangladesh
South Asian Games medalists in cricket
Wicket-keepers
Rupganj Tigers Cricket Club cricketers
The University of Louisville College of Business is a college of the University of Louisville. The college enrolls about 2500 students in a variety of programs such as:
Master of Business Administration (MBA) Offered Full-Time, Part-Time and Online.
Master of Science in Business Analytics (MSBA)
Doctor of Business Administration in Entrepreneurship (PhD)
Master of Accountancy (MAC) with a data analytics focus
Online Graduate Certificates in Accounting, Franchise Management, Managerial Analytics, Family Business Management and Advising, Horse Racing Industry Business, and Distilled Spirits Business.
Global Master of Business Administration (MBA) Graduates earn two graduate degrees, one from the University of Louisville College of Business and the other from our European partner Edinburgh Business School in Germany
Executive Education programs in Project Management, Franchising, Leadership, Grant Writing, and Problem-Solving
Todd Mooradian was appointed Dean of the College of Business in 2016. According to the U.S. News & World Report Business School rankings, U of L Business is ranked 85 nationally and 81% of its graduates are employed within 9 months of graduation. The median starting salary for these individuals was $64,614.
New University of Louisville president, Neeli Bendapudi, is a business scholar and thus was made a faculty member of the College of Business as part of their presidency.
See also
List of Atlantic Coast Conference business schools
References
External links
Business
Business schools in Kentucky
Radical 67 or radical script () meaning "script" or "literature" is one of the 34 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of 4 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 26 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 93rd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
The Unihan Database classifies the Simplified Chinese character and Japanese shinjitai and under this radical. However, actually belongs to radical (Simplified Chinese characters radical #140, =Kangxi Radical 210) in mainland China's standard and Simplified Chinese dictionaries; and usually falls under radical (or "" depending on each dictionary's standard) in Japanese dictionaries.
Literature
References
External links
Unihan Database - U+6587
067
093
The United States Space Force's Launch Enterprise Directorate (LE) is a unit located at Los Angeles Air Force Base in El Segundo, California.
Mission
The LE's mission is "to acquire, operate and sustain affordable expendable launch and range capability providing 100 percent mission success."
LE ensures Assured Access to Space for the Department of Defense through the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle (EELV) program.
History
The Delta II rocket was developed when the Air Force decided to return to a mixed fleet of expendable launch vehicles following the Space Shuttle Challenger disaster and other launch failures. The Delta II entered the Air Force inventory in February 1987 after the Air Force awarded a contract to McDonnell Douglas for the construction of 18 Delta IIs to launch NAVSTAR Global Positioning System (GPS) satellites, which were originally programmed for Space Shuttle launch. The first Delta II launched a GPS satellite Feb. 14, 1989.
The EELV program is designed to improve our nation's access to space by making space launch vehicles more affordable and reliable. The program is replacing the existing launch system (Delta II) with two families of launch vehicles (Delta IV & Atlas V), each using common components and common infrastructure. EELV's operability improvements over current systems include a standard payload interface and increased off-pad processing. As the Air Force's space-lift modernization program, EELV was designed to reduce launch cost by at least 25 percent over heritage Atlas, Delta and Titan space launch systems.
LTRS consists of ground-based surveillance, navigation, flight operations and analysis, command and control, communications and weather assets located at the Eastern Range (Patrick AFB, FL.), and the Western Range (Vandenberg AFB, CA.). There are two major efforts underway for the LTRS program: modernization and sustainment. Modernization efforts seek to revamp and recapitalize current systems in the Instrumentation, Control and Display and Network segments. The current modernization efforts will replace approximately 20% of the system. Depot support projects enhance the existing systems on the ranges to reduce the operations and sustainment costs.
Organization
LE, located at the Space and Missile Systems Center at Los Angeles Air Force Base, CA, is home to than 540 government, military, aerospace, and contractor personnel.
LE was briefly designated as the Launch and Range Systems Wing; however the unit was later re-designated as a directorate.
List of directors
References
External links
LRSW Fact Sheet
Military units and formations in California
El Segundo, California
Khanshah (, also Romanized as Khānshāh; also known as Khūnshā) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 15, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Committee of Seventy was a committee of 70 citizens of New York City, formed in 1871 and under the lead of Samuel J. Tilden, which conducted an investigation and prosecution of misuse of government office by William M. Tweed.
Foundation
In the summer of 1871, proofs were furnished that enormous frauds had been perpetrated by the existing officials upon the New York City treasury, raising the city debt in 2½ years from $50,000,000 to $113,000,000. One of the chief instruments of peculation was the court house, large sums appropriated for its construction finding their way into the pockets of the “ring.” The amount ostensibly expended in its erection exceeded $12,000,000.
People were immediately aroused, and assembled in mass meeting in the Cooper Union on September 4, 1871, when a committee of 70 members was appointed, to take the necessary measures to ascertain the true state of the treasury, to recover any abstracted moneys, and to secure good government and honest officers.
In the November 1871 city election, the candidates favored by the people accused in the frauds were defeated by large majorities. The accused were subsequently prosecuted. Some of them were convicted and sentenced, while others fled the country. Several of the judges were impeached and resigned, or were removed from office.
Later Committee of Seventy
Another Committee of Seventy was formed in the aftermath of the Lexow Committee of 1894, where Richard Croker's operation of Tammany Hall and the police force were under investigation.
Members
Henry G. Stebbins - Chairman
William Frederick Havemeyer - Vice-Chairman
Roswell D. Hatch - Secretary
Emil Sauer - Treasurer
George C. Barrett
Jackson S. Schultz
James Emott
W. H. Neilson
Isaac H. Bailey
D. Willis James
James M. Brown
Henry Clews
H. F. Spaulding
Geo. W. Lane
W. R. Vermilye
E. Townsend
Lewis Ballard
Severn D. Moulton
James M. Halsted
J. B. Varnum
Robert Hoe
John Wheeler (New York politician)
H. N. Beers
Samuel Christie
Thomas A. Ledwith
Joseph Blumenthal
John Adams Dix
Geo. W. Varian
J. J. O'Donohue
Ed. Cooper
Eugene Ballin
William M. Evarts
Julius W. Tieman
Reuben W. Howes
W. C. Barrett
Albert Klamroth
Frederick Schack
John A. Stewart
James B. Hodgskin
B. B. Sherman
C. E. Detmold
Charles Crary
Sam. D. Babcock
Edwards Pierrepont
Joseph Hodges Choate
John Foley
John Straiton
Thomas McLelland
J. M. Budny
Henry Nicoll (politician)
E. Krackouitzer
Adrian Iselin
Johnathan Sturges
Theo. Steinway
John Ewen
John Cleve Green
William H. Wickham
Charles Watrous
Simon Stern
Robert Roosevelt
Geo. W. Van Slyck
William. C. Molloy
N. G. Dunn
T. C. Cunningham
S. B. Ruggles
Robert B. Nooney
Francis C. Barlow
Thomas W. Piersall
William M. Fliess
Joseph Seligman
William Radde
Edmund R. Robinson
Notes
References
Organizations established in 1871
1871 establishments in New York (state)
Organizations based in New York (state)
Entomophaga grylli is a fungal pathogen which infects and kills grasshoppers. It is the causal agent of one of the most widespread diseases affecting grasshoppers. This is sometimes known as summit disease because infected insects climb to the upper part of a plant and grip the tip of the stem as they die; this ensures widespread dispersal of the fungal spores. The fungus is a species complex with several different pathotypes, each one of which seems to be host-specific to different subfamilies of grasshoppers. The pathogen is being investigated for its possible use in biological pest control of grasshoppers.
Taxonomy
E. grylli is a species complex which in North America includes the pathotypes E. macleodii and E. calopteni, and in Australia E. praxibuli. The different pathotypes can be distinguished by the formation or lack of formation of primary conidia, the size and the number of nuclei in the conidia, their isozyme profiles, the host species involved, and the geographical range in which they are found. They all attack grasshoppers, but it is not known whether all grasshopper species are susceptible to infection. Each pathotype seems to be host-specific to certain grasshopper subfamilies.
Life cycle
E. calopteni only produces resting spores, which are available to infect grasshoppers the following year. E. macleodii and E. praxibuli produce both resting spores and asexual conidia. Large numbers of conidia are produced under wet, humid conditions, and several cycles of infection can then occur in a single season. After landing on a potential host, a conidium produces a germ tube which can grow through the cuticle into the hemocoel; once there, it produces amoeboid protoplasts. These are cells without cell walls and seem to elude the insect's immune system. They multiply and kill the host. In some members of the species complex, they develop hyphae with cell walls and grow through the cuticle, producing conidiophores and infective conidia. In these and other members of the species complex, they also have an intermediate stage producing resting spores with cell walls.
After the insect cadaver has fallen to the ground, the resting spores overwinter in the soil. A portion of them germinate in the spring, producing other spores that are forcibly ejected from the soil, landing on low vegetation where they come into contact with grasshoppers. They penetrate through the cuticle, proliferate and develop rapidly, the infected insect dying within about one week. At an advanced stage of the disease, an infected individual climbs to the top of a plant and dies with its limbs gripping the stem and its head pointing upwards. Some resting spores remain dormant in the soil for two or more years. Epizootic outbreaks of disease in grasshopper populations in North America have been attributed to E. grylli but are usually localised and sporadic rather than widespread. They have been credited with ending many outbreaks of grasshopper species over the decades.
Use in biological control
In western Canada and the western United States, grasshoppers are estimated to cause over $400 million economic damage each year to crops and rangeland. From 1986 to 1992 an integrated pest management program was initiated by the United States Department of Agriculture and the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service to attempt to control grasshopper numbers without the use of vast quantities of insecticide. The inclusion of the E. grylli complex in the program was investigated. A disadvantage to its use is that the fungus cannot be mass-produced and its effectiveness depends on the weather conditions (more grasshoppers are infected in warm, moist conditions).
Attempts to control grasshoppers with this fungus have been largely ineffective; insects can be successfully infected by injecting them with the pathogen, but introduction of North American pathotypes into Australia and vice versa have failed to establish long term infections. The pathogen has potential for biological control of grasshoppers but more research is needed.
References
Entomophthorales
Parasitic fungi
Álvaro Pérez Treviño (8 May 1930 - 26 April 2016) was a Mexican politician, former member of the extinct Authentic Party of the Mexican Revolution, of which they were a presidential candidate in 1994 election, in which they obtained 0.55% of the votes.
References
2016 deaths
Authentic Party of the Mexican Revolution politicians
Candidates in the 1994 Mexican presidential election
Candidates in the 2000 Mexican presidential election
1930 births
Shlomo Gur (Gerzovsky) (1913-2000), founder member of Kibbutz Tel Amal, is credited with creating and then managing the construction of 57 homa u'migal (tower and stockade settlements) during the 1936–39 Arab revolt in Palestine. Following the establishment of the state of Israel, they were project manager of the Hebrew University, the National Library and the Knesset.
In summer 1936, the expanding Arab revolt endangered the Jewish population of Beit She'an Valley. Concerned with safety and security, Shlomo Gur and other members of Kibbutz Tel Amal built the first homa u'migal settlement. Subsequently, Shlomo Gur consulted Jerusalem architect Yohanan Ratner and was provided with blueprints for the other settlements.
Shlomo Gur was the first director of Israel's Military research department.
Gallery
See also
Tegart fort
References
Jews in Mandatory Palestine
Greed and fear refer to two opposing emotional states theorized as factors causing the unpredictability and volatility of the stock market, and irrational market behavior inconsistent with the efficient-market hypothesis. Greed and fear relate to an old Wall Street saying: “financial markets are driven by two powerful emotions – greed and fear.”
Greed and fear are among the animal spirits that Keynes identified as profoundly affecting economies and markets. Warren Buffett found an investing rule in acting contrary to such prevailing moods, advising that the timing of buying or selling stocks should be "fearful when others are greedy and greedy only when others are fearful." They use the overall Market capitalization-to-GDP ratio to indicate relative value of the stock market in general, hence this ratio has become known as the "Buffett indicator".
Greed
Greed is usually described as an irresistible craving to possess more of something (money, material goods) than one actually needs.
According to several academics greed, like love, has the power to send a chemical rush through our brains that forces us to put aside our common sense and self-control and thus provoke changes in our brains and body. However, there is no generally accepted research on physiology of greed.
Other academics tend to compare greed to an addiction, because greed like smoking and drinking can illustrate that if a person can take over one's addictions it is possible to avert bad effects from resisting it. On the other hand, if one can not resist its temptations, they can easily get swept away by it. In other words, it can be deduced that certain traders who join the business world for the emotional agitation and desire of hitting that emotional high, are addicted to the release of certain brain chemicals that determine those states of happiness, euphoria and relaxation. Before mentioned fact can also imply that such traders are susceptible to all addictions. Furthermore, humans' brains are naturally activated by financial awards, which in the same way as drugs produce an incredible but perilous feeling and thus an addictive experience.
Dot-com bubble
One of the most common examples of situations where greed took over people's actions is the 1990s dot-com bubble.
The Dot-com bubble, also known as Internet bubble, referenced the speculative investment bubble that was created around new internet startup companies between the years 1995–2000. In that time, exorbitant prices of new Internet companies motivated investors to invest into companies whose business plans included a "dot com" domain. Investors became greedy, creating further greed, resulting in securities being heavily overpriced, which eventually created a bubble.
Fear
Emotion of fear is usually characterised as an inconvenient, stressful state, triggered by impending peril and awareness of hazard.
Internet bubble is not only a good example of investors' greed but also the period following the bubble can serve as a good characteristic for fear induced market.
In pursuance of solutions to suppress their losses after Internet bubble crash, fearful investors decided to swiftly move out of the stock markets concentrating their attention on less uncertain purchases, spurring their capital into market securities, stable value funds and principal protected funds, all of low risk and return securities. Such behaviour is an example of a complete negligence of long term investing plan which is based on fundamentals. Investors disregarded their plans because of fear of committing persisting losses, which identically did not bring any profits and benefits.
Greed vs hope
Some academics disagree with the notion that greed and fear are main emotions driving financial markets.
According to psychologist Lola Lopes, while fear is indeed a crucial factor driving financial markets, the majority of investors don't respond that much to greed but to hope. Lopes indicates that fear, unlike hope, provokes investors to concentrate on unprofitable invests, while hope does the complete opposite. Furthermore, hope and fear are believed to alter the manner in which investors estimate other possibilities. Fear provokes investors to ask: How bad can it get?, while hope: How good can it get?. In this case, fear drives investors to enhance security, while hope stimulates investors to emphasise potential.
Market Fear is one of the strongest emotions in the financial markets. Fear can lead to market crashes. Market fear does not follow a random path. It is usually anti-persistent, but in times of crisis it becomes more persistent, indicating the impact of the crowd effects. The fact that the long-term characteristics of market fear are volatile and change over time is an important result that can lead to a better understanding of financial market behavior. Fear of Missing Out can lead to price bubbles.
How to measure greed and fear
One of the best available and accepted tools to measure stock market volatility is CBOE Volatility Index, elaborated by Chicago Board Options Exchange in 1993. In other words, VIX can be defined as a sentiment ratio of Wall Street's fear or greed gauge. It is usually used by traders to check the grade of investor complacency or market fear.
In practice, VIX is usually called the fear index. In case of increased VIX index, investors' sentiment leans toward higher volatility which corresponds to higher risk. If a VIX reading is under 20 it usually indicates that investors became less concerned; however, if the reading exceeds 30 it implies that investors are more fearful because prices of the options increased and investors are more prone to pay more to preserve their assets.
How VIX works
By utilising short-term near-the-money put and call options, VIX gauges suggested volatility of S&P stock market index options through the forthcoming 30 days.
Media usually quote the VIX because many investors consider the S&P 500 to be a reliable proxy for the entire market.
CNN Fear & Greed Index
There is also another available index that can gauge greed and fear developed by CNNMoney. This index is based on seven indicators: Safe Haven Demand, Stock Price Momentum, Stock Price Strength, Stock Price Breadth, Put and Call Options, Junk Bond Demand, and Market Volatility.
All asupervisorstioned indicators are separately gauged using scales from 0 to 100. A reading from 0 to 49 indicates fear. A reading of 50 is neutral. Readings from 51 to 100 demonstrate that investors are greedy. To calculate this index, a computer takes an equal-weighted average of those seven indicators.
See also
Behavioural finance
Behavioural economics
Emotional bias
Greed is good
Hersh Shefrin
S&P 500
VIX
References
Business terms
Stock market
Behavioral finance
Gboard is a virtual keyboard app developed by Google for Android and iOS devices. It was first released on iOS in May 2016, followed by a release on Android in December 2016, debuting as a major update to the already-established Google Keyboard app on Android.
Gboard features Google Search, including web results (removed since April 2020) and predictive answers, easy searching and sharing of GIF and emoji content, a predictive typing engine suggesting the next word depending on context, and multilingual language support. Updates to the keyboard have enabled additional functionality, including GIF suggestions, options for a dark color theme or adding a personal image as the keyboard background, support for voice dictation, next-phrase prediction, and hand-drawn emoji recognition. At the time of its launch on iOS, the keyboard only offered support for the English language, with more languages being gradually added in the following months, whereas on Android, the keyboard supported more than 100 languages at the time of release.
In August 2018, Gboard passed 1 billion installations on the Google Play Store, making it one of the most popular Android apps. This is measured by the Google Play Store and includes downloads by users as well as pre-installed instances of the app.
Features
Gboard is a virtual keyboard app. It features Google Search, including web results (removed for Android version of the app) and predictive answers, easy searching and sharing of GIF and emoji content, and a predictive typing engine suggesting the next word depending on context. At its May 2016 launch on iOS, Gboard only supported the English language, while it supported "more than 100 languages" at the time of its launch on the Android platform. Google states that Gboard will add more languages "over the coming months". As of October 2019, 916 languages are supported.
Gboard features Floating Keyboard and Google Translate in Gboard itself. Gboard supports one-handed mode on Android after its May 2016 update. This functionality was added to the app when it was branded as Google Keyboard. Gboard supports a variety of different keyboard layouts including QWERTY, QWERTZ, AZERTY, Dvorak and Colemak.
An update for the iOS app released in August 2016 added French, German, Italian, Portuguese, and Spanish languages, as well as offering "smart GIF suggestions", where the keyboard will suggest GIFs relevant to text written. The keyboard also offers new options for a dark theme or adding a personal image from the camera roll as the keyboard's background. Another new update in March 2018 added Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Greek, Polish, Romanian, Balochi, Swedish, Catalan, Hungarian, Malay, Russian, Latin American Spanish, and Turkish languages, along with support for voice dictation, enabling users to "long press the mic button on the space bar and talk". In April 2017, Google significantly increased the amount of Indian languages supported on Gboard, adding 11 new languages, bringing the total number of supported Indian languages to 22.
In June 2017, the Android app was updated to support recognition of hand-drawn emoji and the ability to predict whole phrases rather than single words. The functionality is expected to come to the iOS app at a later time. Offline voice recognition was added in March 2019.
On 12 February 2020, a new feature “Emoji Kitchen” was introduced that allowed users to mash up different emoji and use them as stickers when messaging. Grammar correction was introduced in October 2021, first on the Pixel 6 series.
Reception
In 2016, The Wall Street Journal praised the keyboard, particularly the integrated Google search feature. However, it was noted that the app does not currently support integration with other apps on the device, meaning that queries such as "Buy Captain America movie tickets" sends users to the web browser rather than an app for movie tickets installed on their phone. The Wall Street Journal also praised the predictive typing engine, stating that it "blows past most competitors" and "it gets smarter with use". They also discovered that Gboard "cleverly suggests emojis as you type words". It was noted that there was the lack of a one-handed mode (a feature added in May 2016 for Android), as well as a lack of options for changing color or the size of keys, writing that "If you're looking to customize a keyboard, Gboard isn't for you."
References
External links
List of supported languages
Google software
2016 software
Android (operating system) software
Android virtual keyboards
Virtual keyboards
Input methods for handheld devices
IOS software
The Walsh Stable is a historic building located at 1523 22nd Street, NW in the Dupont Circle neighborhood of Washington, D.C. It was designed by architect Lemuel Norris in 1903 and added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.
See also
Codman Carriage House and Stable
Spencer Carriage House and Stable
References
External links
Barns on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Dupont Circle
Buildings and structures completed in 1903
1903 establishments in Washington, D.C.
3PAR Inc. was a manufacturer of systems and software for data storage and information management headquartered in Fremont, California, USA. 3PAR produced computer data storage products, including hardware disk arrays and storage management software.
It became a wholly owned subsidiary of Hewlett Packard Enterprise after an acquisition in 2010.
History
3PAR was founded in mid-1998 or 1999, originally called 3PARdata. The founders included Jeffrey Price and Ashok Singhal, the P and A in the company's name. The R stands for a third partner, Robert Rogers, who left the company in 2001. David Scott became president and CEO in January 2001.
3PAR first shipped the InServ storage server in September 2002. 3PAR's primary competitors in the enterprise storage market are Dell EMC, Pure Storage, NetApp, Hitachi Data Systems and IBM. 3PAR called itself a pioneer of thin provisioning, a mechanism to improve the utilization efficiency of storage capacity deployment.
3PAR first announced this capability in June 2002 and shipped it to customers in 2003.
An investment round of almost $33 million was disclosed in February 2004. Investors included Mayfield Fund, Menlo Ventures and Worldview Technology Partners. In September 2007, 3PAR opened a second research and development office in Belfast, Northern Ireland. The company completed an initial public offering in November 2007 and was initially listed on the NYSE Arca exchange under the symbol PAR. In the same month, 3PAR introduced Virtual Domains, which allow for secure application data isolation on a consolidated multi-tenant storage platform. In December 2008, 3PAR moved to the NYSE Big Board. One year later, 3PAR opened an Indian subsidiary in Bangalore focused on providing logistical and administrative support for its Global Services and Support operations. In March 2010, the company introduced 3PAR Adaptive Optimization, the industry's first implementation of autonomic storage tiering for cost optimization in high-end storage systems, targeted at enterprises and service providers. In April 2010, the company was recognized by Forbes magazine as the fourth fastest growing technology company in its Tech25 list.
Takeover bids
On August 16, 2010, Dell announced that it would acquire 3PAR in a transaction valued at approximately $1.15 billion, net of 3PAR's cash.
Following that, on August 23, 2010, Hewlett-Packard Company (HP) announced it had offered $1.5 billion (30% higher than Dell's offer) to acquire 3PAR in a letter sent to 3PAR's president and CEO.
On August 26, 2010, 3PAR said it accepted Dell's revised offer for a price of $24.30 per share, or approximately $1.6 billion, net of 3PAR's cash.
Then on August 27, both parties re-offered their bids, with Dell offering $27 a share to buy 3PAR, and HP offering $30 only 90 minutes later, valuing the company at more than $2 billion.
On September 2, 2010, Dell increased its offer to $32 per share but declined to revise its bid after HP upped its bid to $2.4 billion or $33 per share shortly thereafter. Dell received a $72 million break-up fee from 3PAR for the termination of the initial merger agreement.
On September 27, 2010, HP completed the acquisition for $2.35 billion. In 2015, 3PAR became part of Hewlett Packard Enterprise.
Products
3PAR promoted what it called "utility storage", designed to be the storage foundation for utility computing architectures. Utility computing architectures provide a multi-tenant platform on which service providers can deliver both virtualized and scalable enterprise IT as a utility service. The emergence of software as a service (SaaS), infrastructure as a service (IaaS) and social networking business models deployed via the internet and cloud computing are examples of this trend. Enterprises and government organizations that are turning their IT organizations into internal service bureaus by building shared virtualized infrastructures for flexible workload consolidation are another.
In 2005, 3PAR's InServ storage server was marketed for business data centers. It included the models T400 and T800 which compete with high-end monolithic storage arrays like the EMC DMX and HDS USP, and the models F200 and F400 which compete with modular storage arrays like the EMC CX and HP EVA.
The current range of HPE 3PAR products consists of the 8000, 9000, and 20,000 series. The 8000 series was introduced in 2015 as a mid- range offering, available in both flash and hybrid variations. The high end 20,000 series was also introduced in 2015 and scales to 8 nodes, this can be scaled even further by using a federation. Most recently the 9000 series was introduced in 2017 which sits in between the 8000 and 20,000 series, scaling up to 4 nodes.
Common across all 3PAR models is the architecture based around the ASIC. The current ASIC version is Gen5 and enables functionality such as compression, thin provisioning and parity calculations. Also common across all 3PAR models is the 3PAR OS software, 3PAR OS 3.3.1 enhanced data reduction capabilities with the introduction of compression and enhancements to dedupe.
References
Further reading
External links
HPE 3PAR
HPE Primera
HPE Alletra 9000
Computer companies established in 1999
Companies based in Fremont, California
Defunct computer companies of the United States
Computer storage companies
Storage Area Network companies
Hewlett-Packard acquisitions
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Technology companies based in the San Francisco Bay Area
2010 mergers and acquisitions
1999 establishments in California
Traw may refer to:
London Lewis Traw, United States Marine Corps sergeant killed in action during World War II
USS Traw (DE-350), United States Navy destroyer escort named for Traw
traW, one kind of protein encoded by transfer genes
Dialect of the Cua language (Mon-Khmer)
Clostridium herbivorans is a Gram-positive, cellulolytic and motile bacterium from the genus Clostridium which has been isolated from the intestinal tract of pigs.
References
Bacteria described in 1995
herbivorans
A pension (, ; ) is a type of guest house or boarding house. This term is typically used in Continental European countries, in areas of North Africa and the Middle East that formerly had large European expatriate populations, and in some parts of South America such as Brazil and Paraguay. Pensions can also be found in South Korea, Japan, and the Philippines.
In contrast to bed and breakfasts, more usual in the United States, pensions typically offer not only breakfast, but also lunch, dinner, and sometimes even tea. Rather than paying for the room and each meal separately, guests select a plan which either comprises overnight accommodation, breakfast, lunch and dinner (full pension / full board) or the preceding minus the lunch (half board / demi-pension / half pension).
These small businesses may offer special rates for travellers staying longer than a week, may be located in historic buildings, can be family-run, and are generally cheaper than other lodgings, such as hotels, although they offer more limited services.
In popular culture
Literature
Naguib Mahfouz's 1967 novel Miramar focuses on the lives of the long-term residents of the eponymous pension in Alexandria in the 1960s.
E. M. Forster's 1908 novel A Room with a View opens with the protagonist Lucy Honeychurch and their spinster cousin and chaperone Charlotte Bartlett complaining about the Pensione Bertolini, where they are staying in Florence, Italy. The first act of the book is based in Florence with many scenes taking place in the pension, as Lucy meets characters for the first time who feature throughout the book, most importantly a slightly eccentric young Englishman named George Emerson, and their father.
The Pension Grillparzer is presented as a work of fiction within the 1978 novel The World According to Garp by John Irving. It involves the lives of a hotel critic and their family intertwining with those of a Hungarian circus troupe.
Films
In Summertime, an American/British romantic film, Katharine Hepburn stars as Jane Hudson, a single, middle-aged elementary school secretary, who goes on their summer vacation to Venice, Italy. Arriving by water taxi, they stay at the Pensione Fiorini, owned by the Signora Fiorini (Isa Miranda), a widow who transformed their home into a pension after World War II.
In Only You, Marisa Tomei as Faith Corvatch and Bonnie Hunt as Kate Corvatch are directed to a pension by Joaquim de Almeida as Giovanni, where they stay while in Rome.
References
Hotel types
In mathematics, the twisted Poincaré duality is a theorem removing the restriction on Poincaré duality to oriented manifolds. The existence of a global orientation is replaced by carrying along local information, by means of a local coefficient system.
Twisted Poincaré duality for de Rham cohomology
Another version of the theorem with real coefficients features de Rham cohomology with values in the orientation bundle. This is the flat real line bundle denoted , that is trivialized by coordinate charts of the manifold , with transition maps the sign of the Jacobian determinant of the charts transition maps. As a flat line bundle, it has a de Rham cohomology, denoted by
or .
For M a compact manifold, the top degree cohomology is equipped with a so-called trace morphism
,
that is to be interpreted as integration on M, i.e., evaluating against the fundamental class.
Poincaré duality for differential forms is then the conjunction, for M connected, of the following two statements:
The trace morphism is a linear isomorphism.
The cup product, or exterior product of differential forms
is non-degenerate.
The oriented Poincaré duality is contained in this statement, as understood from the fact that the orientation bundle o(M) is trivial if the manifold is oriented, an orientation being a global trivialization, i.e., a nowhere vanishing parallel section.
See also
Local system
Dualizing sheaf
Verdier duality
References
Some references are provided in the answers to this thread on MathOverflow.
The online book Algebraic and geometric surgery by Andrew Ranicki.
Algebraic topology
Manifolds
Duality theories
Theorems in topology
John Collingham Moore (1829 – 12 July 1880) was a British artist during the Victorian era. They painted landscapes in Italy before becoming known as a portrait painter upon their return to England.
Early life and family
John Collingham Moore was born in Gainsborough in Lincolnshire. They were one of the 14 children of the artist William Moore of York, who in the first half of the 19th century enjoyed a considerable reputation in the north of England as a painter of portraits and landscape. Amongst their brothers were the artists, Albert Joseph Moore and Henry Moore.
Career
Moore trained at the Royal Academy Schools from 1850. They first worked in London, lodging with their two brothers.
In 1858, the three brothers moved to Italy in order to paint the landscape so popular with the British public, in both oils and watercolour. They sent paintings of Rome and the Roman Campagna back to England, where they were exhibited in the Dudley Gallery's summer exhibitions in London.
Upon their return to England, however, they became best known as a portrait painter.
Personal life
Moore married Emily Simonds, the youngest sister of the sculptor and business person George Blackall Simonds of Reading in Berkshire. The couple had three sons and a daughter. They lived together at Kensington in Middlesex (now Greater London).
In later life, Moore lived at Northbrook House in Grove Road, St John's Wood in Middlesex (now Greater London), where they died on 12 July 1880. They were buried in the Moore family grave on the eastern side of Highgate Cemetery in the adjoining plot to their two brothers.
References
1829 births
1880 deaths
Burials at Highgate Cemetery
People from Gainsborough, Lincolnshire
People from Kensington
People from St John's Wood
19th-century English painters
English male painters
English landscape painters
English watercolourists
English portrait painters
19th-century English male artists
Russell's Water is a hamlet about north of Henley-on-Thames in South Oxfordshire. It is in the Chiltern Hills about above sea level. There is 20th-century and older housing, a village hall, an area of common land called Russell's Water Common to the east and a large duck pond. The pond featured in the 1968 film Chitty Chitty Bang Bang and cast members Adrian Hall and Heather Ripley returned to the location for a TV documentary about the making of the film in 2004.
References
Hamlets in Oxfordshire
This is a list of the best-known Slovenian computer scientists.
B
Vladimir Batagelj (1948–)
Ivan Bratko (1946–)
J
Primož Jakopin
L
Ivo Lah (1896–1979)
Jure Leskovec
M
Andrej Mrvar
P
Marko Petkovšek (1955–)
Tomaž Pisanski (1949–)
Bogdan Pogorelc
T
Denis Trček (1965–)
V
Jurij Vega (1754–1802)
Z
Egon Zakrajšek (1941–2002)
Aleš Žiberna
See also
List of Slovenians
References
Computer scientists
Slovenian
William George Buckley (8 August 1906 – 17 April 1973) was an Australian rugby league footballer and administrator.
Playing career
A front rower, Buckley played 75 lower grade matches for Newtown. They broke their leg in the 1928 NSWRFL season and their first grade career was over.
Administrative career
After playing, Buckley joined the New South Wales Rugby Football League General Committee as delegate of Newtown in 1940. When NSWRFL president Jersey Flegg died in 1960, Buckley replaced them and also became Chairman of the Australian Rugby League, a position they remained in from 1960 until their death in 1973.
They were replaced as NSWRFL president by Kevin Humphreys.
Accolades
Bill Buckley was made a Life Member of Newtown and the Australian Rugby League and was also a member of the SCG Trust. In 1968 Bill Buckley was awarded an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) for services to sport, in recognition of service to rugby league and the community.
Death
Buckley died at Concord Repatriation Hospital on 17 April 1973 after battling a long illness. They were survived by their wife Doris and their son, Terry. A large service was held for Bill Buckley at St James' Church, Sydney on 19 April 1973, followed by a cremation at Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park. The Premier of New South Wales, Sir Robert Askin stated in the Sydney Morning Herald: "Bill Buckley will be missed in the many circles that they moved, especially in Rugby League where they laboured so hard".
Accolades
The Public High School Competition "The Buckley Shield" and the Metropolitan Cup's top individual award "The Buckley Medal" recognizes Bill Buckley's contribution to Rugby League.
Bill Buckley is also an inductee of the Sports Australia Hall of Fame, as an administrator.
Sources
Bill Buckley at nrlstats.com
1906 births
1973 deaths
Australian rugby league players
Australian Officers of the Order of the British Empire
Newtown Jets players
Sport Australia Hall of Fame inductees
Australian rugby league administrators
Rugby league hookers
Rugby league players from Sydney
Burials at Eastern Suburbs Memorial Park
AUIS may refer to:
American University of Integrative Sciences, a private, for-profit medical school located in Bridgetown, Barbados.
American University of Iraq, Sulaimani
See also
AUI (disambiguation), for the singular of AUIs
The Landesliga Bremen is the sixth tier of the German football league system and the second-highest league in the German state of Bremen, below the Bremen-Liga.
Overview
The Landesliga Bremen is the second-highest level of play in Bremen. Traditionally, the league is set below the Verbandsliga Bremen. With the Oberliga Nord being dissolved in 2008, the Verbandsliga was renamed Bremen-Liga. This however did not change anything in regards of the Landesliga.
Of the German tier-six leagues, the Landesliga Bremen, like its association, the Bremen FA, is unique as it covers the smallest region and has no league parallel to itself, being the only league at this level in the state.
The league champion, together with the runners-up, is directly promoted to the Oberliga.
Below it sits the tier-seven league, the: Bezirksliga Bremen.
Recent winners of the Landesliga Bremen
References
Sources
Deutschlands Fußball in Zahlen, An annual publication with tables and results from the Bundesliga to Verbandsliga/Landesliga. DSFS.
Kicker Almanach, The yearbook on German football from Bundesliga to Oberliga, since 1937. Kicker Sports Magazine.
Die Deutsche Liga-Chronik 1945-2005 History of German football from 1945 to 2005 in tables. DSFS. 2006.
External links
Das deutsche Fussball Archiv Historic German league tables
The Bremen Football Association (BFV)
Bre
Football competitions in Bremen (state)
2009 Tokushima Vortis season
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Tokushima Vortis
Tokushima Vortis seasons
Tsunoda (written: ) is a Japanese surname.
Notable people with the surname include:
People
Joyce Sachiko Tsunoda (born 1938), Japanese-American college administrator
, Japanese basketball player
Kazuo Tsunoda (1918–2013), Japanese fighter pilot
, Japanese table tennis player
Narumi Tsunoda (born 1962), Japanese voice actor
Ryūsaku Tsunoda (1877–1964), Japanese Japanologist
Tomoshige Tsunoda, major in the Imperial Japanese Military
Tadanobu Tsunoda, Japanese author
, Japanese racing driver
Characters
Tsunoda, a fictional character from the manga The Strange Tale of Panorama Island
See also
Japanese-language surnames
Route 187 is a short segment of highway running less than five miles (8 km) in Howard County, Missouri. Its eastern terminus is at Route 87 south of Glasgow; its western terminus is at Boone's Lick State Historic Site. No towns are on the route.
Route description
Route 187 begins at Boone's Lick State Historic Site in Howard County, where the road continues west as CR-328. The route heads northeast on a two-lane undivided road, passing through areas of fields and woods. Route 187 curves east and comes to its eastern terminus at Route 87 north of Boonesboro.
Major intersections
References
187
Transportation in Howard County, Missouri
Alberto Marvelli (21 March 1918 – 5 October 1946) was an Italian Catholic and a member of the Catholic Action movement. They became noted for their defense of the poor and for selflessness during World War II in tending to the homeless and wounded despite the devastating air raids while placing themselves at risk in doing so. Marvelli also saved numerous people from deportation since they would free them from sealed train carriages before the train could set off. Marvelli was also an active champion for social justice and was known for giving their possessions to the poor and homeless, especially during the harsh winter periods. They served as a town councilor for some time after the war and helped in restoration efforts though they died in an accident before election as a Christian Democrat candidate.
Marvelli's reputation for holiness and their faith led to the cause for their beatification being introduced and Pope John Paul II beatified Marvelli in 2004 in Loreto.
Life
Alberto Marvelli was born on 21 March 1918 in Ferrara as the second of six children to Luigi Marvelli (a bank clerk) and their wife Maria Mayr.
In their childhood Alberto was known for being a thoughtful and reserved individual though with an enthusiastic willingness to aid other people. Their mother - who themselves worked in charities - was a special influence on their religious formation and often invited the poor to their home. The Marvelli's later moved to Rimini in June 1930. In Rimini Alberto attended the Salesian "oratorio" school and was involved with the Catholic Action group in their parish from the age of twelve. One childhood friend of theirs was the filmmaker Federico Fellini; they loved all kinds of sports and especially cycling. Marvelli's father died unexpectedly on 7 March 1933, leaving their wife to take care of the children alone. It was some months later in October that Alberto began to keep a spiritual journal. In 1936, aged eighteen, they were elected president of the Italian branch of the Catholic Action movement. They continued their studies at the University of Bologna where they graduated in June 1941 with a degree in engineering and began working with the Fiat company in Turin. They left soon after for conscription into the armed forces in Trieste but was exempted from it after a few months on the grounds that two of their brothers were already in service. It was not long after this that they began teaching in a high school.
Throughout World War II they continued to serve the poor at great personal cost and risk to himself. The family was forced to move to Vergiano - seven kilometres from Rimini - because of the devastating air raids. Despite the risk to their own life, after each bombing they would go back to Rimini to help the wounded and those made homeless by the attack.  They are known to have given even their bicycle and the shoes off their feet to those most in need. They also gave out food to them as well as mattresses and blankets for their comfort. During the German occupation they saved numerous people from deportation to the concentration camps and they freed them from the carriages of the trains that had been sealed in readiness for leaving the station at Santarcangelo.
Once the war had ended, the interim authorities entrusted to Marvelli the task of housing allocation and they proved an able administrator. Some months later they were appointed to the town council. They opened a soup kitchen for the poor where they themselves served and as co-founder of Italian Workers' Catholic Action formed a cooperative for construction workers. They agreed to run in elections as a candidate for the Christian Democrats around this point but died before the elections; people still voted for them though their mother took their place as a candidate. In 1945 they had joined Luigi Gedda's "Società Operaia".
Marvelli was killed in the evening of 5 October 1946 when a van belonging to the armed forces struck them on a dark road as they cycled to a polling station for an election meeting. Since 1 March 1968 their remains have rested in the Sant'Agostino church in Rimini in a decorated tomb. The then Prelate of Loreto, Archbishop Angelo Comastri, speaking on Vatican Radio, said that "one can be in politics and be a saint" as shown by Marvelli's life. They also pointed to the way in which Alberto had shown an level of honesty and integrity in their political activity that is not always found in the political field.
Beatification
The cause for Alberto Marvelli's beatification opened under Pope Paul VI on 16 January 1975 after the Congregation for the Causes of Saints had issued the official declaration of "nihil obstat" (nothing against the cause) and had assigned Alberto the title of Servant of God. The conditional process of investigation was held in Rimini from 13 July 1975 until its successful closure on 17 August 1976 while the Congregation validated the investigation on 29 May 1981 in Rome. The postulation (officials in charge of the cause) compiled and submitted the Positio dossier to the Congregation for its evaluation in 1983. It received the approval of theologians on 23 October 1985 and the members of the Congregation confirmed the approval on 4 February 1986. Alberto Marvelli was declared to be Venerable on 22 March 1986 after Pope John Paul II affirmed that they had lived a life of heroic virtue.
The miracle for their beatification was investigated conducted by a tribunal of the Archdiocese of Bologna presided over by Cardinal Giacomo Biffi. On 23 January 1998, meeting in Rome, the Congregation confirmed the validity of the investigation and on 14 November 2002 a panel of medical experts declared the healing worked at the intercession of Alberto Marvelli to be a miracle. Theologians concurred in this decision on 4 March 2003 and their decision was confirmed by the Congregation's members on 20 May 2003. John Paul II issued final assent needed for the miracle on 7 July 2003 and personally beatified Marvelli in Loreto on 5 September 2004.
The miracle that led to their beatification was the healing in August 1991 of a doctor from Bologna named Tito Malfatti of an aggressive hernia. Over 250 000 people attended the beatification celebration.
The current postulator for the cause is the Redemptorist priest Antonio Marazzo and the current vice-postulator is Fausto Lanfranchi.
See also
God: Sole Satisfier
References
Bibliography
Referenced by
External links
Hagiography Circle
Catholic Online
Blessed Alberto Marvelli blog
Salesians U.K.
Find a Grave
1918 births
1946 deaths
20th-century Italian people
20th-century venerated Christians
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Cycling road incident deaths
Italian beatified people
Italian city councillors
People from Rimini
Road incident deaths in Italy
Roman Catholic activists
Venerated Catholics by Pope John Paul II
Religious leaders from Ferrara
This is a list of members of the Northern Territory Legislative Council from 13 December 1947 to 10 December 1949.
The council consisted of 14 members. Six members were elected to four single-member electorates (Alice Springs, Batchelor, Stuart and Tennant Creek), and one two-member electorate (Darwin). Seven members (called Official Members) were appointed by the Australian government, all of whom were department heads in the public service of the Northern Territory. The Administrator of the Northern Territory, Arthur Driver, served as presiding officer (or president) of the council.
Chief Medical Officer Dr John McGlashan was transferred to the role of Quarantine Officer in Perth, Western Australia in January 1949. Their place on the council was filled by acting CMO Dr William Kirkland, until Dr Edward Gunson was officially appointed as McGlashan's replacement in February.
On 18 August 1949, the Governor-General appointed Les Dodd (Director of Education) and John Huthnance (Chief Clerk) to the vacancies caused by the resignation of appointed members Leonard Lucas and Edward Gunson. On the same day, Darwin business person Eric Izod was appointed to replace elected member Frank Hopkins.
The member for Batchelor, William Fulton, resigned on 23 August 1949. The vacancy was not filled until the next election in December.
See also
1947 Northern Territory general election
References
Members of Northern Territory parliaments by term
Members of the Northern Territory Legislative Council
Udo the Red Panda is the costumed mascot of the University of Mannheim's athletics teams. They represent an anthropomorphic version of a red panda (or red cat-bear).
History
The Udo the Red Panda mascot officially debuted at the 2011 WHU Euromasters, when Mannheim beat LMU during the championships. Since then, the mascot has been a fan favorite for Mannheim's athletics fans. As the Mannheim athletics teams do not have a logo on their helmets or uniforms, Udo's likeness appears on much team merchandise and such.
Description and Rationale
The red panda (Latin: Ailurus fulgens), also known as lesser panda or red cat-bear, is a small arboreal mammal native to the eastern Himalayas and southwestern China that has been classified as Vulnerable by IUCN as its wild population is estimated at less than 10,000 mature individuals. The population continues to decline and is threatened by habitat loss and fragmentation, poaching, and inbreeding depression, although red pandas are protected by national laws in their range countries. The Mannheim sports teams have elected the red panda for their favorite athletics mascot to make the problem of the declining population of this mammal more visible; in addition, the red panda is one of the visitor magnets at the Heidelberg Zoo which is the next larger zoo to Mannheim.
See also
University of Mannheim
WHU
External links
Official Teaser of WHU Euromasters 2012
WHU Euromasters on Twitter
Notes and references
Bear mascots
Sports mascots
University of Mannheim
Fictional pandas
Mascots introduced in 2011
German mascots
Fictional characters from Baden-Württemberg
The Wolverton Works canal bridge, or Bridge no. 171C, is a bridge over the Grand Union Canal in Wolverton, Milton Keynes in south-eastern England. It carries a spur from the West Coast Main Line into Wolverton Works. It was built in 1834–1835 for the London and Birmingham Railway under the supervision of Robert Stephenson and has been little modified since. It is a grade II* listed building.
Background
Wolverton Works, opened in 1838, was built by the London and Birmingham Railway as its main locomotive maintenance depot. Wolverton, now part of Milton Keynes, was chosen because it was the approximate half-way point of the line.
Design
The bridge carries the tracks across the Grand Union Canal. It consists of 16 cast-iron I-beams supporting the track, with a stone bearing. The abutments are in a combination of red and blue brick. One of the girders contains the manufacturers' mark "Butterley" in relief, referencing the Butterley Company of Derby. The original girders are all cross braced; one, probably the original eastern face, is decorated with moulded timber. When the bridge was widened, steel or wrought iron girders were added on the eastern side. The deck was built from cast iron plates, most of which survive. As built, the bridge had two sections, each eight beams wide, with a gap between them, but the gap was later filled with steelwork. The original balustrades were replaced in the 20th century with timber parapets and steel railings.
History
The bridge, designed by Robert Stephenson, opened in 1838 when the LBR began running train services. The section of line carried by the bridge was originally four tracks wide and part of the LBR's main line. The main line (now known as the West Coast Main Line) originally passed through Wolverton works but in 1882, a new section of line was built to allow trains to bypass the works. Thereafter, traffic over the bridge reduced and it ceased to carry passenger services, possibly explaining why it was never replaced. The bridge was widened in 1889, by which time the LBR had been amalgamated into the London and North Western Railway, using wrought iron instead of cast iron.
Following several failures, many cast-iron beam bridges were replaced and Wolverton's is now a rare survivor, and possibly the only such bridge of its size remaining. The bridge now carries a single track, which is supported on the steel plate across the centre of the structure which was added in the 20th century. Although modified and widened the bridge is still substantially the same structure as when it was built. The bridge, along with the adjacent reading room building, is the oldest intact part of the works. It is a grade II* listed building.
See also
Grade II* listed buildings in Borough of Milton Keynes
References
Grade II* listed railway bridges and viaducts
Bridges in Buckinghamshire
Grade II* listed buildings in Buckinghamshire
Bridges completed in 1838
Wolverton
Buildings and structures in Milton Keynes
Ostrówek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is about 20km west of Hrubieszow.
The village has a population of 270.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
The Sex of the Stars () is a 1993 Canadian drama film directed by Paule Baillargeon and written by Monique Proulx. The film was selected as the Canadian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 66th Academy Awards, but was not accepted as a nominee.
Plot
Thirteen-year-old Camille (Mercier) is reunited with their long-lost father and has to come to terms with the fact that they are now a woman.
Cast
Marianne Coquelicot Mercier as Camille
Denis Mercier as Marie-Pierre
Tobie Pelletier as Lucky
Sylvie Drapeau as Michele
Luc Picard as J. Boulet
Gilles Renaud as Jacob
Jean-René Ouellet as Le dragueur
See also
List of submissions to the 66th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Canadian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
List of LGBT films directed by women
References
External links
1993 films
Quebec films
Canadian drama films
Canadian LGBT-related films
1993 drama films
LGBT-related drama films
1993 LGBT-related films
Films about trans women
French-language Canadian films
1990s Canadian films
Todd Rohal is an American independent filmmaker.
Career
Rohal attended filmmaking classes at Ohio University in Athens, Ohio.
Between 1997 and 2001 they directed four short films: Single Spaced (1997), Slug 660 (1998), Knuckleface Jones (1999), and Hillbilly Robot (2001). Single Spaced and Knuckleface Jones both feature actor Piper Perabo, a college friend of Rohal.
Their feature films include 2006's The Guatemalan Handshake, 2011's The Catechism Cataclysm, and 2014's ABCs of Death 2.
They won the Jury Special Award for Best Film for The Guatemalan Handshake at the Slamdance Film Festival in 2006.
Rohal received the Special Jury Award for Unique Vision at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival for their short film Rat Pack Rat.
M.O.P.Z. was broadcast by Adult Swim on April 4, 2016.The Suplex Duplex Complex was awarded Best Midnight Short at the 2017 SXSW Film Festival.
Filmography (as director)
The Suplex Duplex Complex (2017)
M.O.P.Z. (2016)
Uncle Kent 2 (2015)
Rat Pack Rat (2014) ABCs of Death 2 (2014)
Nature Calls (2012)
The Catechism Cataclysm (2011)
The Guatemalan Handshake (2006)
Hillbilly Robot (2001)
Knuckleface Jones (1999)
Slug 660 (1998)
Single Spaced (1997)
Filmography (as actor)
Hallelujah! Gorilla Revival (2008)
Hannah Takes the Stairs (2007)
Mrs. Palfrey at the Claremont (2005)
Fifth City (2003)
Lethal Force (2001)
Scalps'' (1983)
References
External links
The Guatemalan Handshake: Official Site
Paste Magazine: Emergent Filmmaker: Todd Rohal
Podcast Interview with Todd Rohal
American film directors
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Jerry Zigmont (born Gerald George Zigmont on February 24, 1958) is a New Orleans-style jazz trombonist. While growing up in Connecticut, Jerry began their musical studies at the age of 12. They performed in a variety of marching bands, drum corps, jazz bands, brass quintets, classical orchestras, and later earned degrees in Performance and Music Education at the University of Connecticut.
Beginning in the early 1980s, Zigmont "cut their teeth" playing club dates and concerts in regional jazz groups throughout New England. In 1987 they began an association with the celebrated British clarinetist, Sammy Rimington which resulted in a series of recordings and tours. Jerry's rousing style has been featured with many noted New Orleans jazz musicians including Doc Cheatham, Percy Humphrey and Arvell Shaw.
Jerry Zigmont is a regular member of Woody Allen and their New Orleans Jazz Band which plays every Monday evening at Manhattan's Carlyle Hotel. Their trombone playing is steeped in the classic New Orleans tradition, with its trademark raw power and "straight from the heart" approach. They appear on the soundtrack of the documentary film Wild Man Blues (directed by Barbara Kopple) which documents a 1996 European tour by Allen and their band. Zigmont has performed extensively with the group in Europe, South America, Turkey and Greece.
gallery
External links
Artist Webpage: http://www.jerryzigmont.com
Woody Allen & Their New Orleans Jazz Band: https://web.archive.org/web/20080202051058/http://www.woodyallenband.com/
American jazz trombonists
Male trombonists
Jazz musicians from New Orleans
Living people
1958 births
21st-century trombonists
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Milwaukee Country Day School (MCD) was a country day school in Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin, United States. It operated under the principalship of A. Gledden Santer. The school was begun in 1917, "incorporated by leading citizens.". According to alumnus Henry Reuss, "Country Day, with its Church of England prayers, its 'body sports' and its Latin studies, marked the general de-Germanization of Milwaukee culture which occurred in the 1920s."
In 1964 it merged with two other local day schools (Milwaukee University School and Milwaukee-Downer Seminary) to become the University School of Milwaukee. MCD's facilities became the South Campus, which operated until it closed in 1985. It is now the home of the Milwaukee Jewish Day School and the Harry & Rose Samson Family Jewish Community Center.
The school appears in the novel Shadowland by alumnus Peter Straub.
Notable alumni
William Kasik, Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Fred Miller, president of the Miller Brewing Company
John R. Meyer (legislator), Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
Henry Reuss, Democratic member of Congress
James Sensenbrenner, Republican member of Congress
Brooks Stevens, industrial design pioneer
Peter Straub, horror novelist
Further reading
Stark, William F. "Be A Great Boy": The Story of Milwaukee Country Day School 1917-1963. Milwaukee Country Day School Alumni Association, circa 1963
References
Educational institutions established in 1917
Educational institutions disestablished in 1964
Education in Milwaukee
Defunct schools in Wisconsin
1917 establishments in Wisconsin
GovTrack.us is a website developed by then-student Joshua Tauberer. It is based in Washington, D.C., and was launched as a hobby. It enables its users to track the bills and members of the United States Congress. Users can add trackers to certain bills, thereby narrowing the scope of the information they receive. The website collects data on members of Congress, allowing users to check members' voting records and attendance relative to their peers. It propagates the ideology of increasing transparency in the government and building better communication between the general public and the government. The website was briefly "on pause" in September 2020 in protest of President Trump's refusal to commit to a peaceful transition of power regarding the 2020 U.S. Presidential Election.
Early stages
Tauberer started govtrack.us when they were a student at Princeton University. In 2005, GovTrack was the first to make U.S. federal legislative information comprehensively available in an open, structured data format for researchers, journalists, other public interest projects, and anyone to freely reuse for any purpose. Their data was the basis for dozens of other open government projects, including major projects of the Sunlight Foundation and investigative stories at major news publications, and its data offering continued until 2017, when the U.S. Congress began publishing open, structured data itself.
Future goals
GovTrack aims to create comprehensive open data about Congress. It lobbies with Congress to make more and better legislative information available to the public.
GovTrack.us is a project of Civic Impulse, LLC, a completely independent entity which is wholly owned by its operator and receives no funding in any form from outside organizations. In the long run, it hopes to make legislation easily accessible and understandable to the general public.
Data is divided into five main subsections:
Members of Congress
Biographical information and committee assignments for current and former Members of Congress are from the congress-legislators project, a community repository.
Photos are sourced from various locations, including the GPO Guide to House and Senate Members, and credited on individual legislator pages.
Bill Status
The status of pending legislative is retrieved daily from the U.S. Government Publishing Office (GPO) Federal Digital System (FDsys) Bill Status XML Bulk Data. Legislative activity typically appears the next business day. The site uses the open-source Congress project to automate and simplify retrieving the data.
The ProPublica Congress API is the only public API for legislative information. The API was formerly the Sunlight Foundation Congress API and traces its history to legislative data offerings in 2010.
Prognosis scores (predictions of enactment) are from Skopos Labs.
Bill Summaries
GovTrack's display several types of bill summaries. Other summaries are from the Library of Congress's Congressional Research Service (the same summaries on Congress.gov) and the House Republican Conference.
Votes
Roll call votes are retrieved from the Senate and House websites in XML format. The site updates its vote data roughly hourly. It uses the open-source Congress project to automate and simplify retrieving the data.
Missed and mistaken vote explanations are from ProPublica.
Bill Text
The text of the legislation is retrieved from GPO.gov/FDSys in PDF, XML, and plain text formats. GovTrack uses the open-source Congress project to automate and simplify retrieving the data, congressxml to render the XML as HTML, and linkify-citations to hyperlink legal citations in bill text.
Feedback
GovTrack was cited by Clyde Haberman in The New York Times, and was mentioned as striving to help educate voters about legislation by The San Francisco Chronicle. The student wire service University Wire said the site was making it easy for people to learn about the government.
A survey conducted showed that GovTrack helped raise awareness among common citizens through their report card for each legislative year since 2013. Tauberer won a contest from Technorati for using the site to link bills to the blog posts discussing them.
References
External links
GovTrack homepage
American political websites
Denton House may refer to:
Denton House (Maryland), a house in Chestertown, Maryland
Denton House (New Hyde Park, New York), a historic house in New Hyde Park, New York
See also
George W. Denton House, a historic in Flower Hill, New York
Giovanni Invernizzi may refer to:
Giovanni Invernizzi (footballer born 1931) (1931–2005), Italian international football player, later Internazionale Milan manager
Giovanni Invernizzi (footballer born 1963), Italian football player and coach
Giovanni Invernizzi (rower) (1926–1986), Italian Olympic champion rower
Kułakowice Pierwsze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-west of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 242.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Shivagnanam, known by the stage name P. Madhuri, is a South Indian playback singer. They have sung songs in Malayalam, Tamil, and Telugu. They have twice won Kerala State Film Award for best playback singer.
Early life
Shivagnanam was born in Tiruchirappalli in a Tamil family on 3 November 1943. They married V. Jayaram at the age of 13 and became the mother of two kids by 16. They were a part of an amateur drama troupe when Malayalam music director G. Devarajan happened to watch one of their performances at Madras. They were introduced to films by Devarajan through Kadalppalam (1969), in which they sang the famous Mappila song "Kasthuri Thailamittu Mudi Minukki". Devarajan handpicked them and groomed them into one of the most successful Malayalam playback singers of all time.
Career
They mainly sing Malayalam songs. They were probably the fourth most prominent female singer after S. Janaki, P. Susheela and P Leela in Malayalam in the 1970s and mainly sang songs composed by G. Devarajan Master. They have sung a total of 552 songs in Malayalam out of which majority is under G. Devarajan. This is a record in Malayalam film industry which no other female signers can claim. They have several folk songs, comedy songs, classical songs, devotional songs, romantic songs, sad songs under their credit, but what made them more popular was their ability to sing in high pitches. They had sung for all the music directors of that time, except MS Baburaj.
References
Indian women playback singers
Musicians from Tiruchirappalli
20th-century Indian singers
Malayalam playback singers
Kerala State Film Award winners
Living people
1943 births
20th-century Indian women singers
Singers from Tamil Nadu
Women musicians from Tamil Nadu
21st-century Indian women singers
21st-century Indian singers
Mark Engebretson, DM, Northwestern University (born 1964, California) is a saxophonist and composer. They have written music for orchestra, wind ensemble, chorus and chamber formations. Their music often combines computer music and live performance.
Biography
Mark Engebretson (b. 1964) is Professor of Composition and Electronic Music at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro.  They are the recipient of a North Carolina Artist Fellowship in Composition (for the Concerto for Soprano Saxophone and Orchestra), a Fulbright Fellowship for studies in France, and has received major commissions from Harvard University's Fromm Music Foundation (Acrylic Waves), the University of Wisconsin-Madison (They Said: sinister resonance), the Thomas S. Kenan Center for the Arts (Deliriade) and the Barlow Foundation.
Current compositional projects include a new work commissioned by the Greensboro Symphony for the 60th birthday celebration of renowned violinist and conductor Dmitry Sitkovetsky. Performers who have championed their music include the Oasis, Vienna and Red Clay Saxophone Quartets, Due East, saxophonists Susan Fancher, James Romain, Steve Stusek, Jonathan Helton and Paul Bro, violinists Dmitry Sitkovetsky and Marjorie Bagley, trombonist Mark Hetzler and flutist Tadeu Coelho. Other significant performances have been given by the Orquestra Sinfônica da Universidade da São Paulo, the Cleveland Winds, the Wroclaw Philharmonic Orchestra and the Greensboro Opera. Engebretson is the founder and director of the UNCG New Music Festival (2003–present), and has had performances of their works at SEAMUS, ICMC, Vienna Modern, Third Practice, Festival of New American Music, ISCM, BGSU Festival of New Music and Art, Carnegie Hall, Sala São Paulo, Argentina, Albania, Azerbaijan, Lithuania, Sweden, Norway, China, across America and throughout Europe. Over twenty of their compositions are recorded on the Albany, Innova, Lotus, Parma/Navona and Mark labels.
Mark Engebretson taught composition at the University of Florida, music theory at SUNY Fredonia and 20th-century music history at the Eastman School of Music. They studied at the University of Minnesota (graduating summa cum laude), the Conservatoire de Bordeaux and Northwestern University, where they received the Doctor of Music degree. At Northwestern they studied composition with M. William Karlins, Pauline Oliveros, Marta Ptaszynska, Michael Pisaro, Stephen Syverud and Jay Alan Yim and saxophone with Frederick Hemke. Their teachers in France were Michel Fuste-Lambezat and Jean-Marie Londeix.
www.markengebretson.com
Music
As a composer their influences include György Ligeti, Paul Lanski, Steve Reich, and Iannis Xenakis. Eric Stokes introduced them to experimental music and found sound (i.e. found object art using sounds as its material).[1] Engebretson has received commissions from Harvard University's Fromm Music Foundation (2007) and the Thomas S. Kenan Center for the Arts (2008). Their compositions have been performed at Indiana State University New Music Festival (Terre Haute, Indiana) and International Society for Contemporary Music Festivals (Tirana, Albania and Baku, Azerbaijan) as well as contemporary music festivals such as Vienna Modern (Vienna), Gaida Festival (Vilnius, Lithuania), Ny Musikk (Bergen, Norway) and the Florida Electroacoustic Music Festival. The world premiere of SaxMax was given at the 14th World Saxophone Congress in Ljubljana, Slovenia by James Romain.[2]
Melody, timbre, virtuosity, clear and balanced formal structure, the integration of new media, multiple levels of associations, and a desire for fresh, engaging expression all drive their creative work. In this case, the concept of melody can be interpreted quite broadly: a melody could be a singing, arcing line, a single tone with constant microtonal or timbre changes, a jumping, jagged, asymmetrical riff, or a lick played on a snare drum. A fascination with both performance and compositional virtuosity joins melody to form the basis of their ongoing interest in writing works that push their boundaries as a composer and that engage superstar performers in technical and musical challenges. Engebretson's view is that such works teach us something about music, endless possibilities, and ourselves.
References
1. Moore, Tom (3 October 2008). "Tom Moore Interviews Mark Engebretson". Opera Today website. Retrieved 11 February 2010.
2. Romain, James. Henri Selmer Paris website. Conn-Selmer, Inc.. Retrieved 11 February 2010.
External links
Publisher Effiny Music
Publisher Apoll Edition, Vienna
Mark Engebretson member page on Society of Composers
Faculty Profile University of North Carolina at Greensboro, School of Music
Profile on Hartwick College Music Festival website
Innova Records listing for recordings on Innova label'
Profile on World Saxophone Congress website
Red Clay Saxophone Quartet - Mark Engebretson profile on Steve Stusek personal website
Programme notes with biography and profile for the North American Saxophone Alliance 2004 biennial conference
21st-century classical composers
American male classical composers
American classical composers
University of Minnesota alumni
American classical saxophonists
American male saxophonists
Living people
People from Douglas County, Minnesota
1964 births
Conservatoire de Bordeaux alumni
21st-century American composers
21st-century saxophonists
21st-century American male musicians
Kola Safa (, also Romanized as Kolā Şafā; also known as Kolah Şafā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 811, in 214 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Hubertus Johannes Nicolaas "Ben" Wijnstekers (; born 31 August 1955) is a Dutch retired footballer who was active as a defender. Wijnstekers made their professional debut at Feyenoord Rotterdam, but also played for K.R.C. Mechelen and Germinal Ekeren.
Honours
1979–80 : KNVB Cup winner with Feyenoord
1983–84 : Eredivisie winner with Feyenoord
1983–84 : KNVB Cup winner with Feyenoord
First match: 7 June 1976 : Feyenoord Rotterdam – De Graafschap, 8–0
References
Profile
1955 births
Living people
Dutch footballers
Dutch expatriate footballers
Eredivisie players
Feyenoord players
Beerschot A.C. players
Footballers from Rotterdam
Netherlands international footballers
UEFA Euro 1980 players
Association football defenders
K.R.C. Mechelen players
Belgian First Division A players
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
The Clinton Chronicles: An Investigation into the Alleged Criminal Activities of Bill Clinton is a 1994 documentary that accused Bill Clinton of a range of crimes. The claims in the video are controversial; some have been discredited, while others continue to be debated. The philandering and sexual harassment claims in the film have since been reported, and in some cases confirmed, by mainstream media. Years after the film was released, Clinton paid an out-of-court settlement to resolve the accusations made by Paula Jones in the movie.
While the film was directed by Patrick Matrisciana, who has a production company called Jeremiah Films, the production was credited to Citizens for Honest Government, a project of a Westminster, California organization named Creative Ministries Inc. that has connections to Matrisciana. It was partially funded by Larry Nichols, a long-time Clinton opponent, and distributed with help from the Rev. Jerry Falwell, who also appears in the film. Over 300,000 copies of the film were put into circulation with perhaps half that being sales.
Summary
The film was produced shortly after Clinton's election to the presidency and provides background on a number of conspiracy theories associated with now former president Bill Clinton. Several of these theories date to Clinton's tenure as the governor of Arkansas.
Allegations include:
Being a drug addict
Having affairs with or harassing numerous women
Troopergate, using Arkansas State Police officers to facilitate sexual liaisons and intimidate accusers
Misuse of funds with the Arkansas Development Finance Authority
Using Bank of Credit and Commerce International to launder money
Profiting from drug smuggling at the Mena Airport
Protecting Barry Seal's drug smuggling activities
Murdering witnesses to the Mena drug smuggling operation
Covering up the circumstances surrounding the deaths of two boys found dead on railroad tracks near the airport, Kevin Ives and Don Henry
Protecting a state medical examiner who was repeatedly accused of misstating the cause of death in several autopsies
Whitewater controversy
Covering up the cause of the death of Vince Foster
Using contacts at the Rose Law Firm to shred documents that would have implicated Clinton in scandals
Criticism
The video was characterized by The Washington Post as a "bizarre and unsubstantiated documentary." The New York Times reported that it was a poorly documented "hodgepodge of sometimes-crazed charges." The producers were criticized after it came to light that a number of the people in the documentary had been paid to appear. The director admitted the payments but denied they had instructed any paid participants to say anything that was false.
The movie helped perpetuate a conspiracy theory known as the "Clinton Body Count" about a list of associates Clinton was purported to have had killed. The Los Angeles Times reported that Larry Nichols, who appears throughout the film and is the primary source for a number of the murder and mysterious death claims, was fired from their Arkansas state government job and once admitted to an Associated Press reporter to being motivated by spite. The fact checking site TruthOrFiction.com states that "There is no credible evidence that any of the deaths is related or can be attributed to Bill Clinton".
To promote the film, Falwell aired an interview with Matrisciana, who was silhouetted to conceal their identity as they pretended to be a journalist who was afraid for their life. Matrisciana later acknowledged that they were not in any danger, but that the interview was staged for dramatic effect at Falwell's suggestion.
Later developments
The New York Times interviewed some of the participants in the film after it aired for followup developments. Gary Parks, who appeared in a segment of the film discussing the suspicious circumstances of the death of their father while investigating Clinton's womanizing, admitted they embellished some details in the film, but still believes their father was killed for political reasons. Linda Ives, the mother of Kevin Ives, stated that their interest for participating was solving the mystery of their son's death, and was concerned their comments were used for political purposes. Bill Duncan, a former IRS agent who investigated the Mena accusations regretted appearing on the film, stating, "I would not have willingly been a part of it had I known where that footage would end up".
Matrisciana produced a followup video focused exclusively on the Mena airport drug smuggling and murder accusations. Two police officers accused in that film of being involved with the murders of Ives and Henry attempted to sue Matrisciana for defamation. They initially prevailed; however, lost the case when it was appealed. The appeal focused primarily on free speech and the ability to criticize public figures. Even though the judges overturned the ruling of defamation, they were critical of the film in their ruling, saying it blurred the lines between fact and fiction.
A number of the incidents mentioned in The Clinton Chronicles continued to be investigated after its release. Paula Jones, who appeared in the film accusing Clinton of harassing her, sued the president for sexual harassment. The president paid Jones $850,000 to settle the case out of court. Special prosecutor Ken Starr was assigned to investigate a number of incidents mentioned in the film. While the Starr Report accused Clinton of obstruction of justice in covering up an affair, and other players in the Whitewater controversy were charged and sentenced, Starr declined to recommend charges for Clinton over Whitewater and cleared Clinton of involvement with Vince Foster's death.
Linda Ives continues to search for justice for their son's death. The film mentioned that their son's death was controversially ruled accidental by an examiner who had a history of questionable rulings. After the film aired, they had their son's body exhumed and a second autopsy performed. They successfully had the original examiner's ruling overruled and the cause of death for Kevin Ives and Don Henry was changed from accidental to homicide. The movie connected these deaths to smuggling activities at the Mena Airport, suggesting the boys had become accidental witnesses to a drug drop. However, the train accident occurred in Alexander, Arkansas, approximately to the east of Mena. Official investigations have focused on drug smuggling activities in Saline County, Arkansas. In February 2018, Billy Jack Haynes, a professional wrestler with a history of making controversial claims on camera, claimed to have been hired as a body guard for drug smugglers and a witness to these murders. They advocated for the case to be re-opened; however, the case remains unsolved.
See also
People who appeared or who were discussed in the film
James D. Johnson
David Hale
Other efforts to accuse Clinton of misdeeds
Arkansas Project
Clinton crazies
Vast Right-Wing Conspiracy
Sources
External links
Jeremiah Films web site of the director
1994 films
Documentary films about conspiracy theories
Films based on urban legends
Clinton administration controversies
Jerry Falwell
Majdan Wielki () is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzeszczany, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Trzeszczany, west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Route 161 is a highway in northeastern Missouri. Its northern terminus is at Business U.S. Route 61 in Bowling Green; its southern terminus is at Interstate 70/U.S. Route 40 south of Montgomery City.
Route description
History
Missouri Route 161 was formerly known as Route 29.
Major intersections
References
161
Transportation in Montgomery County, Missouri
Transportation in Pike County, Missouri
Dendrotionidae is a family of isopods belonging to the order Isopoda.
Genera:
Acanthomunna Beddard, 1886
Dendromunna Menzies, 1962
Dendrotion Sars, 1872
Pleurotion Sars, 1897
References
Isopoda
The Blakeley Building is a historic commercial building at 475-479 Essex St in central Lawrence, Massachusetts. It is the only well-preserved 19th century remnant of a streetscape that extended for the entire block. The four story Classical Revival building was built in 1898 for Richard Barlow, at that time completing the block between Franklin and Hampshire Streets. Since then, the other buildings have either been demolished and replaced, or have been altered substantially. Construction is predominantly in brick, with granite and metal trim elements. The building houses retail establishments on the ground floor and office space on its upper floors.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
See also
Downtown Lawrence Historic District, about one block to the east
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lawrence, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Essex County, Massachusetts
References
Buildings and structures in Lawrence, Massachusetts
Office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Lawrence, Massachusetts
A sworn declaration (also called a sworn statement or a statement under penalty of perjury) is a document that recites facts pertinent to a legal proceeding. It is very similar to an affidavit but is not witnessed and sealed by an official such as a notary public. Instead, the person making the declaration signs a separate endorsement paragraph at the end of the document, stating that the declaration is made under penalty of perjury.
In legal proceedings, generally, facts that rely upon an individual's memory or knowledge are most reliably proven by having the person give testimony in court: they appear in person before a judge at a time and place known to other interested persons, swears that their testimony will be true, states their testimony so that all can hear it, and can be cross-examined by opposing parties. Generally, the written record of their testimony is taken down in written form by an official of the court, the court reporter.
Such a procedure, although maximizing fairness and the likelihood of obtaining the truth, is expensive, troublesome, and time-consuming. Therefore, in many instances, especially in preliminary or uncontested proceedings, a court allows testimonial evidence to be given in a document filed with the clerk of court. Traditionally, that has required an affidavit: the person must put their testimony into written form and then sign the document in front of an official, such as a notary public or clerk, swearing to the official that the contents of the document are true. The official then endorses the document and generally stamps it with an official seal. Such an affidavit has several advantages over simple signed testimony:
The person giving the testimony is subject to penalties if they have lied, usually the felony of perjury
The official is able to see reason, which gives some assurance that the person is not suffering under a disqualifying disability
The official is able to witness the signing of the document and check the proof of the affiant's identity, helping to prevent some forms of outright fraud.
In recent years, however, to provide for even greater economy of time and money, courts have increasingly allowed persons to omit the step of swearing before a notary public or official. Instead, the affiant puts a separate paragraph at the end of the document, such as the following (for the United States federal courts):
I declare (or certify, verify, or state) under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is true and correct. Executed on (date). Where allowed, such an endorsement gives the document the same weight as an affidavit, per The document is called a sworn declaration or sworn statement instead of an affidavit, and the maker is called a "declarant" rather than an "affiant", but other than this difference in terminology, the two are treated identically by the court.
A sworn declaration used in place of an affidavit must be specifically authorized by statute. The federal courts and a few states have general statutes allowing a sworn declaration in any matter where an affidavit can be used. In other cases, sworn statements are allowed for some purposes, but not others.
One drawback to the use of a sworn statement while the protection of liability for perjury is retained, the protection is lost of having an independent official witness the signing, check the affiant's identification, etc. That function is essentially taken over by the attorney for the party in whose favor the affidavit is given; the court relies upon the honesty of the attorney, or, perhaps more realistically, upon the attorney's fear of being disbarred, to guarantee that the declarant is competent to testify, is who they say they are, and has actually sworn to the truth of the facts stated. Another incentive for attorneys to make sure that the text of a declaration precisely matches the declarant's recollection is that the witness may be subject to impeachment at trial if discrepancies between the declaration and any later testimony turn out to be significant.
Another more practical drawback is the conservative nature of the law. Even if you use of a sworn statement is fully authorized, another individual to the transaction, such as a party to a business transaction or another person's attorney, may be unacquainted with the form and refuse to accept it in lieu of a notarized affidavit.
See also
Affidavit
Oath
Statutory declaration
References
Legal documents
Curculionichthys is a genus of fish in the family Loricariidae native to South America.
Species
There are currently 9 recognized species in this genus:
Curculionichthys coxipone Roxo, G. S. C. Silva, L. E. Ochoa & C. de Oliveira, 2015
Curculionichthys insperatus (Britski & Garavello, 2003)
Curculionichthys karipuna G. S. C. Silva, Roxo, B. F. de Melo & C. de Oliveira, 2016
Curculionichthys luteofrenatus (Britski & Garavello, 2007)
Curculionichthys oliveirai (Roxo, Zawadzki & Troy, 2014)
Curculionichthys paresi (Roxo, Zawadzki & Troy, 2014)
Curculionichthys piracanjuba (Martins & Langeani, 2012)
Curculionichthys sabaji Roxo, G. S. C. Silva, L. E. Ochoa & C. de Oliveira, 2015
Curculionichthys sagarana Roxo, G. S. C. Silva, L. E. Ochoa & C. de Oliveira, 2015
References
Loricariidae
Fish of South America
Catfish genera
Taxa named by Fabio F. Roxo
Taxa named by Gabriel de Souza da Costa e Silva
Taxa named by Luz Eneida Ochoa Orrego
Taxa named by Claudio Oliveira(scientist),
Freshwater fish genera
Karizak-e Kohneh (, also Romanized as Kārīzak-e Kohneh) is a village in Darbqazi Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 159, in 40 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
This is a list of defunct airlines of Italy.
See also
List of airlines of Italy
References
External links
Italy
Airlines
Airlines, defunct
Most economic models rest on a number of assumptions that are not entirely realistic. For example, agents are often assumed to have perfect information, and markets are often assumed to clear without friction. Or, the model may omit issues that are important to the question being considered, such as externalities. Any analysis of the results of an economic model must therefore consider the extent to which these results may be compromised by inaccuracies in these assumptions, and there is a growing literature debunking economics and economic models.
Restrictive, unrealistic assumptions
Provably unrealistic assumptions are pervasive in neoclassical economic theory (also called the "standard theory" or "neoclassical paradigm"), and those assumptions are inherited by simplified models for that theory. (Any model based on a flawed theory, cannot transcend the limitations of that theory.) Joseph Stiglitz' 2001 Nobel Prize lecture reviews their work on information asymmetries, which contrasts with the assumption, in standard models, of "perfect information". Stiglitz surveys many aspects of these faulty standard models, and the faulty policy implications
and recommendations that arise from their unrealistic assumptions.
Economic models can be such powerful tools in understanding some economic relationships that it is easy to ignore their limitations. One tangible example where the limits of economic models allegedly collided with reality, but were nevertheless accepted as "evidence" in public policy debates, involved models to simulate the effects of NAFTA, the North American Free Trade Agreement. James Stanford published their examination of 10 of these models.
The fundamental issue is circular reasoning: embedding one's assumptions as foundational "input" axioms in a model, then proceeding to "prove" that, indeed, the model's "output" supports the validity of those assumptions. Such a model is consistent with similar models that have adopted those same assumptions. But is it consistent with reality? As with any scientific theory, empirical validation is needed, if we are to have any confidence in its predictive ability.
If those assumptions are, in fact, fundamental aspects of empirical reality, then the model's output will correctly describe reality (if it is properly "tuned", and if it is not missing any crucial assumptions). But if those assumptions are not valid for the particular aspect of reality one attempts to simulate, then it becomes a case of "GIGO" – Garbage In, Garbage Out".
James Stanford outlines this issue for the specific Computable General Equilibrium ("CGE") models that were introduced as evidence into the public policy debate, by advocates for NAFTA.
Despite the prominence of Stiglitz' 2001 Nobel prize lecture, the use of arguably misleading neoclassical models persisted in 2007, according to these authors:
The working paper,
"Debunking the Myths of Computable General Equilibrium Models",
provides both a history, and a readable theoretical analysis
of what CGE models are, and are not. In particular, despite their name,
CGE models use neither the Walrass general equilibrium,
nor the Arrow-Debreus General Equilibrium frameworks.
Thus, CGE models are highly distorted simplifications of theoretical frameworks—collectively called "the neoclassical economic paradigm"—which—themselves—were largely discredited by Joseph Stiglitz.
In the "Concluding Remarks" (p. 524) of their 2001 Nobel Prize lecture, Stiglitz examined why the neoclassical paradigm—and models based on it—persists, despite their publication, over a decade earlier, of some of their seminal results showing that Information Asymmetries invalidated core Assumptions of that paradigm
and its models:
In the aftermath of the 2007–2009 global economic meltdown, the profession's alleged attachment to unrealistic models is increasingly being questioned and criticized. After a weeklong workshop, one group of economists released a paper highly critical of their own profession's allegedly unethical use of unrealistic models. Their Abstract offers an indictment of fundamental practices.
Omitted details
A great danger inherent in the simplification required to fit the entire economy into a model is omitting critical elements. Some economists believe that making the model as simple as possible is an art form, but the details left out are often contentious. For instance:
Market models often exclude externalities such as pollution. Such models are the basis for many environmentalist attacks on mainstream economists. It is said that if the social costs of externalities were included in the models their conclusions would be very different, and models are often accused of leaving out these terms because of economist's pro-free market bias.
In turn, environmental economics has been accused of omitting key financial considerations from its models. For example, the returns to solar power investments are sometimes modelled without a discount factor, so that the present utility of solar energy delivered in a century's time is precisely equal to gas-power station energy today.
Financial models can be oversimplified by relying on historically unprecedented arbitrage-free markets, probably underestimating the chance of crises, and under-pricing or under-planning for risk.
It is possible that any missing variable as well as errors in values of included variables can lead to erroneous results.
Model risk: There is a significant amount of model risk inherent in the current mathematical modeling approaches to economics that one must take into account when using them. A good economic theory should be built on sound economic principles tested on many free markets, and proven to be valid. However, empirical facts have been alleged to indicate that the principles of economics hold only under very limited conditions that are rarely met in real life, and there is no scientific testing methodology available to validate hypotheses. Decisions based on economic theories that are not scientifically possible to test can give people a false sense of precision, and that could be misleading, leading to build up logical errors.
Natural economics: Economics is concerned with both 'normal' and 'abnormal' economic conditions. In an objective scientific study one is not restricted by the normality assumption in describing actual economies, as much empirical evidence shows that some "anomalous" behavior can persist for a long time in real markets e.g., in market "bubbles" and market "herding".
References
Economics models
Economic methodology
is a puzzle-platform game with horror elements. It was created by Japanese game developer Nippon Ichi Software for the PlayStation Vita and Microsoft Windows. The game is directed and designed by Masayuki Furuya. The game's art style consists exclusively of white, black, grey, and red.
Plot
A young girl named Rose finds themselves in an old castle frozen in time and overwhelmed by vines and thorns. A mysterious rose is attached to their waist, capable of absorbing the color red and expelling it into the castle; by default, almost the entire castle is in greyscale, with only the red splashes from the rose and other objects resuming time or giving life to objects. Rose soon finds a giant creature. While initially afraid of the creature, they warm up to it when it goes out of its way to protect them Forming a bond with each other, Rose and the Giant decide to travel through the castle, hoping to find out why they have this rose and answer the mysteries surrounding this castle. There is little dialogue in the game; almost all plot events are shown through vignette recaps and flashbacks, as well as reading journal entries.
Rose soon discovers that they are seemingly immortal; the power of the rose reconstitutes them no matter what happens to their body. Failure within a room simply restarts the room, and unlocking new areas of the castle sometimes requires gruesome self-sacrifices that only an immortal could unlock. The pair also finds another girl with a rose who looks suspiciously similar to Rose, Blanc, as a seeming antagonist.
Gameplay
The game consists largely of platforming puzzles that require control of both Rose and the Giant, which the player can switch between, and using the power of the rose to adjust the environment. Solving the puzzles and platforming well allow the pair to proceed to the next area as well as find hidden "bloodstains" which show past memories of the dead castle inhabitants. In general, the castle is grey and frozen; blocks will not fall, machines will not run, gears will not turn, etc. Rose can use their rose to store up the color red and drain it out of and into objects, freezing and unfreezing them, which allows the pair to advance. Different areas of the castle introduce different twists and mechanics, such as a watering can which can pour red liquid on plants, painting blood portraits, and traversing up clockwork towers where the pace of time can be controlled by blood. When a player attempts to advance to a new area of the castle, they need to have collected enough hidden bloodstains to make a sacrifice of blood via Rose's temporary death. The golem can fall any length without getting hurt, can walk through thorns, and can catch and throw objects including Rose herself. Player needs to make sure they use of both of their abilities to overcome the many obstacles in the castle.
Reception
The PlayStation Vita version received "generally favorable reviews", while the PC version received "mixed" reviews, according to the review aggregation website Metacritic. In Japan, Famitsu gave the PS Vita version a score of one seven and three eights for a total of 31 out of 40.
References
External links
2016 video games
Monochrome video games
Nippon Ichi Software games
PlayStation Vita games
Puzzle-platform games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games featuring female protagonists
Windows games
Petr Voříšek (born 19 March 1979, Děčín, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FK Junior Děčín as a defender or midfielder.
They have played for the Czech Republic national football team (4 times) and Rapid Vienna, SV Pasching, FK Mladá Boleslav, FK Teplice, FK Chomutov, Sparta Prague and SC Rheindorf Altach. Voříšek was also part of the Czech side which won the UEFA U-21 Championships in 2002.
Career
Later career
After a year at SC Altach, Vorisek moved to the Regionalliga Mitte for SV Wallern. They spent four years there, with the best performance in 2013/2014 with a fourth place in the table. They were also appointed player-manager for the 2015–16 season.
For the 2016/2017 season they moved to the Upper Austrian League club SV Gmunden. In April 2018, they were appointed interim manager for Gmunden. The club announced in July 2018, that they would continue in their position as a player-manager. However, they were replaced as manager at the end of 2018 but continued to play for the team
They played for Gmunden until the summer 2019, before joining Union Michaelnbach. However, the club reported in the winter 2020, that they had returned to the Czech Republic. Voříšek returned to their hometown, Děčín, where they joined FK Junior Děčín.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
People from Děčín
Czech footballers
Czech football managers
Czech Republic youth international footballers
Czech Republic under-21 international footballers
Czech Republic international footballers
AC Sparta Prague players
SK Rapid Wien players
FK Mladá Boleslav players
FK Teplice players
SC Rheindorf Altach players
SV Wallern players
SV Gmunden players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Expatriate footballers in Austria
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from the Ústí nad Labem Region
The September 11 attacks were a series of terrorist attacks by the Islamic terrorist group al-Qaeda against the United States on the morning of Tuesday, September 11, 2001, in which nearly 3,000 people were killed. Jokes based on the events have been made in print and other media since soon after the attacks took place.
A number of scholars have studied the ways in which humor has been used to deal with the trauma of the event, including researcher Bill Ellis who found that jokes about the attacks began the day afterwards in the U.S., and Giselinde Kuipers, who found jokes on Dutch websites a day later. Kuipers had collected around 850 online jokes about 9/11, Osama bin Laden, and the Afghanistan war by 2005. A notable early public attempt at 9/11 humor was by Gilbert Gottfried just a few weeks after the attacks. During a comedy roast for Hugh Hefner at the Friars Club the crowd did not respond well to Gottfried's 9/11 gag. One audience member at the club yelled out "Too soon!", which has since become a common response to jokes told in the immediate wake of tragedies.
In contrast to these early jokes about 9/11, late-night comedy shows and humorous publications did not appear for several weeks following the attacks. The Onion, a satirical newspaper, cancelled the issue that had been scheduled to be released on September 11, 2001, and then returned to print with a special edition on September 26, 2001, which was devoted to the attacks.
In literature
The Zero (2006) by Jess Walter is a post-9/11 satirical novel which features a New York City cop who shoots themselves in the head and forgets it minutes later; their brain damage accounts for gaps in the story.
In 2016, comedian Billy Domineau uploaded a spec script to the Internet that they had written for Seinfeld, which had aired its last episode in 1998, set in New York during the days after the attacks. They said later that it had started when they suggested "a 9/11 episode of Seinfeld" to a student as an example of "an exercise in bad taste" for a class. In their episode, the show's four main characters follow plotlines typical of them, all related to the attacks: Jerry becomes convinced that dust from the fallen towers is contaminating their food; Elaine, initially relieved that they will not have to break up with a boyfriend who worked at the Twin Towers, finds themselves engaged to them when they unexpectedly survive; George basks in the glory after they are mistaken for a hero who rescued people, and Kramer attempts to recover the high-quality box cutter they loaned to Mohamed Atta. Popular minor characters, such as George's parents and Newman, also make appearances. "[It] is indeed in bad taste, but it perfectly captures the self-obsessed way these characters would handle such a crisis," wrote The Guardian.
On stage
Gilbert Gottfried was one of the first stand-up comedians to reference the 9/11 attacks on stage. Eighteen days after the attacks at the New York Friars Club Roast of Hugh Hefner hosted by Comedy Central, Gottfried said "I have to catch a flight to California. I can't get a direct flight. They said they have to stop at the Empire State Building first." The joke was met with gasps, boos, and scattered laughter, with one person shouting out "too soon". The joke was followed by the telling of a version of The Aristocrats joke, which was well received. In an interview with Vulture, Gottfried said, "I lost an audience bigger than anybody has ever lost an audience. People were booing and hissing." The Aristocrats joke, however, Gottfried stated, was "the biggest laughs I ever heard."
One notable 9/11 joke was one told by Joan Rivers, a major American comedian, in London in 2002. The joke concerned the widows of firefighters killed in the attacks, who Rivers said would be disappointed if their husbands had been found alive as they would be forced to return money they had received in compensation for their late spouses. The joke received condemnation from Harold Schaitberger, General President of the International Association of firefighters.
Pete Davidson has incorporated several 9/11 jokes into some of their routines. Their father was a New York firefighter serving in Ladder 118 who died in service during the 9/11 attacks. They were last seen entering the Marriott World Trade Center. On September 12, 2021, Pete Davidson and Jon Stewart hosted NYC Still Rising After 20 Years: A Comedy Celebration, a comedy special performed in Madison Square Garden, with proceeds going towards 9/11-related charities. Amy Schumer, Bill Burr, Colin Jost, Colin Quinn, Dave Attell, Dave Chappelle, Jay Pharoah, Jimmy Fallon, John Mulaney, Michael Che, Ronny Chieng, Tom Segura and Wanda Sykes also performed.
In animation
To improve the chance of an Oscar award, a 9/11 joke was cut from Jean Dujardin's 2012 comedy film The Players. The deleted scene featured a man seducing a woman in a New York apartment while an aircraft crashes into the World Trade Center in the background.
In The Simpsons episode "Moonshine River", aired in 2012, Bart tells their father they would desire New York now that their two least favorite buildings have been obliterated, but then quickly adds Old Penn Station and Shea Stadium, after a pause.
South Park
In November 2001, South Park released an episode entitled "Osama bin Laden Has Farty Pants". The town is in shock following the events of September 11 - for instance, children are sent to school in gas masks for fear of anthrax. Cartman, Stan, Kyle and Kenny are locked into a military plane by mistake and they end up stranded in Afghanistan, where they are eventually captured and held hostage by Osama bin Laden. The boys are ultimately rescued by four local children, and Cartman kills bin Laden in a fight resembling those in Looney Tunes cartoons during World War II.
In October 2006, the episode "Mystery of the Urinal Deuce" aired, making fun of the conspiracy theories about the attacks. An outraged Mr. Mackey launches an investigation after an unknown person (later revealed to be Stan) defecates in a school urinal. Meanwhile, Cartman launches their own investigation into September 11, much to the frustration of Kyle, and ultimately comes to the conclusion that Kyle was behind the attack.
Family Guy
In the Family Guy episode "Back to the Pilot", broadcast in November 2011, Brian and Stewie take a trip back in time during which Brian tips off their past self about 9/11 so that the present-day them can play hero and stop the terrorist attacks. This causes George W. Bush to lose re-election, meaning a Second Civil War starts that leads to nuclear attacks on the Eastern Seaboard. Brian and Stewie are then forced to go back and mend the situation, later noting that their celebratory cheers of causing 9/11 to happen again would sound really bad if taken out of context. A Time critic wrote of the episode, "It sounds custom-made for a 'too soon' label, and it probably is. But avid Family Guy viewers live for 'too soon' moments, no matter how sensitive the material." Other news organizations, including Aly Semigran of Entertainment Weekly, also thought the show had gone too far with the reference. Deadline also commented that it "squeaked past the Fox standards and practices department but is sure to raise as many eyebrows."
However, perhaps reflecting how the acceptability to mainstream broadcasters of jokes referencing the 9/11 attacks has evolved only gradually, the DVD release of the earlier season five Family Guy episode "Meet the Quagmires", first aired in 2007, contained an extended scene which was removed from the episode as it was first broadcast. In the deleted scene, while traveling in time back to 1980s Quahog with Peter, Brian is confronted by the boyfriend of a woman they have been hitting on. In response to the boyfriend's challenge that they will fight Brian 'anywhere, any time', Brian invites the man to meet them "On top of the World Trade Center, September 11th 2001 at 8am", to which the boyfriend replies "I will be there, pal. You think I'll forget, but I won't!". Additionally, the season seven episode "Baby Not on Board" features a scene in which the Griffin family visits Ground Zero, which Peter erroneously believes is "where the first guy got AIDS" Brian corrects him, informing them that it is the site of the September 11 attacks, and Peter responds, "So Saddam Hussein did this?" Brian explains that it was a group of "Saudi Arabians, Lebanese and Egyptians funded by a Saudi Arabian guy living in Afghanistan and sheltered by Pakistanis." Peter responds asking "So you're saying we need to invade Iran?" The season six episode "Back to the Woods" had Peter committing identity theft against a fictionalized James Woods, in retaliation of them doing the same and ruining their life. Peter appears on the Late Show with David Letterman proving they are Woods, promoting a comedy film based on the attacks.
In print
Satirical newspaper The Onion cancelled their Volume 7 Issue 32 of the paper, scheduled to be released on September 11. John Krewson, a writer for The Onion at the time, said "For one thing, distribution would have been a nightmare. Second of all, we just didn't think anyone was ready for a bunch of wacky jokes that were no longer relevant." The paper also skipped the following Issue 33 as the staff went on a week-long break to reflect on the tragedy. Initially, the writing staff had considered not referencing the attacks at all in the following issue, with writer Todd Hanson saying "Our normal, irreverent, edgy, cynical, dark humor wasn't going to be emotionally appropriate with this situation." Multiple employees threatened to quit if the paper ran an issue focused on the attacks, but no employee left once the paper was released. The paper went on to release Issue 34 of the paper on September 27, with most articles being in response to the attacks. The leading article was titled "U.S. Vows To Defeat Whoever It Is We're At War With", with other headlines such as "American Life Turns Into Bad Jerry Bruckheimer Movie" and "Not Knowing What To Do, Woman Bakes American-Flag Cake". The Onion'''s Editor-In-Chief Robert Siegel later said of the issue "Everything in that issue either needed to make a point or express something people were feeling." Jokes that directly poked fun at the loss of life were cut, such as "America Stronger Than Ever Says Quadragon Officials", with the writers preferring to make jokes about how the American people were feeling at the time. No writers were credited with writing their respective articles, with all articles being credited to The Onion. The issue was well-received by both critics and the public.
In advertising
In the days before the 15th anniversary of the attacks in 2016, Miracle Mattress of San Antonio, Texas, briefly ran a commercial promoting a sale themed around the occasion. In it, the daughter of the store's owner, in conversation with two employees who stood behind her, explained how the store was recalling the Twin Towers' collapse by selling all its inventory at the price of twin-sized mattresses for the weekend with the slogan "Twin Towers, Twin Price". At the end of the ad, they inadvertently pushed the two employees into twin piles of mattresses behind her, one of which was topped with the American flag; both collapsed. After briefly expressing shock and horror, they turned to the camera and said "We'll never forget".
The company soon pulled the ad, but copies were saved and uploaded to the Internet, where it and Miracle became the subject of intense and vociferous criticism. Entertainment Weekly said it "might be the most offensive commercial ever". The Miracle Mattress Yelp! and Facebook pages filled with disparaging comments and calls for boycotts. Owner Mike Bonnano, whose daughter had, as the chain's head of marketing, conceived the commercial and starred in it, apologized profusely but eventually decided to close the San Antonio location "indefinitely" pending disciplinary measures and donations to the 9/11-related charity Tuesday's Children. Miracle Mattress reopened a few days later.
Online
Internet memes have become a common way of distributing jokes about 9/11, often lampooning 9/11 conspiracy theories with such phrases as "Bush did 9/11" or "jet fuel can't melt steel beams." An example of this can be seen in viral videos on Vine and other platforms that feature fictional characters, celebrities or other notable people appearing to be responsible for the attacks; these videos typically feature said characters or individuals throwing an object, or perhaps flying an aircraft, before cutting to footage of the planes hitting the Twin Towers (mostly Flight 175 hitting the South Tower). These videos are also sometimes accompanied by statements that said character or individual "did 9/11".
See also
"Mystery of the Urinal Deuce," a South Park episode related to 9/11 conspiracy theories.
List of cultural references to the September 11 attacks
List of entertainment affected by the September 11 attacks
Cultural influence of 9/11
Humor based on the Holocaust
References
External links
Khitrov A. "Irony about Tragedy: The Onion's treatment of 9/11" Topos''. 2012. Vol. 2. P. 153–167.
Aftermath of the September 11 attacks
September 11
Internet memes
Willy Völker (born 20 December 1889, date of death unknown) was a German international footballer.
References
1889 births
Year of death missing
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Francisco "Junior" González Rodríguez is a Puerto Rican politician from the New Progressive Party (PNP). They served as member of the 21st Senate of Puerto Rico from 1997 to 2001, and as member of the 27th House of Representatives of Puerto Rico from 2005 to 2009.
González began their political career as electoral commissioner of the New Progressive Party. They also directed the local office of the former Resident Commissioner Baltasar Corrada del Río. González also worked as aide of Governor Carlos Romero Barceló and of former Secretary of Housing Jorge Pierluisi.
González was elected to the Senate of Puerto Rico in the 1996 general election. They represented the District of San Juan, along with Jorge Santini. González ran for reelection at the 2000 general elections, but was defeated by the candidates of the PPD.
In 2004, González ran again, this time for a seat at the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico. They ended up winning at the 2004 general election, representing District 1.
After finishing their term in 2009, González was hired by the Puerto Rico House of Representatives to work as a Legislative Aide.
Francisco "Junior" González died on June 28, 2022 at age 77.
See also
21st Senate of Puerto Rico
References
1944 births
2022 deaths
Members of the Senate of Puerto Rico
New Progressive Party members of the House of Representatives of Puerto Rico
People from San Juan, Puerto Rico
Robert W. Munley (April 16, 1906 – January 25, 1947) was an American politician.
Munley was born in Archbald, Pennsylvania and graduated from Archbald High School. They attended St. Thomas College, now the University of Scranton and worked for the Internal Revenue Service as a deputy collector from 1933-1938. They were elected as a Democrat to the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1939; reelected to serve four more consecutive terms; died while in office January 25, 1947. Munley died from a heart attack at their home in Archbald, Pennsylvania.
Their father was William J. Munley who also served in the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
Their wife Marion L. Munley also served in the Pennsylvania General Assembly.
Their son James Martin Munley served as a United States District Judge.
Notes
1906 births
1947 deaths
People from Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
University of Scranton alumni
Internal Revenue Service people
Pennsylvania Democrats
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
20th-century American politicians
The 1977 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1977 NCAA Division I football season. In its third season under head coach Richard Williamson, the team compiled a 6–5 record and outscored opponents by a total of 228 to 194. The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Lloyd Patterson with 1,336 passing yards, James King with 626 rushing yards, Earnest Gray with 826 receiving yards, and Rusty Bennett with 60 points scored (21 extra points, 13 field goals).
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Amanda Sampedro Bustos (born 26 June 1993) is a Spanish football forward who plays for Atlético Madrid of Spain's Primera División and the Spain national team.
International career
A skillful forward noted for their creativity and vision, they were part of the Spanish team which won the 2010 UEFA U-17 Women's Championship and finished third at the subsequent 2010 FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup.
In 2012, Sampedro was captain of the Spain team which reached the final of the 2012 UEFA Women's U-19 Championship, where they were beaten 1–0 by Sweden after extra time. After the competition UEFA named them among ten "emerging talents".
In September 2012, Sampedro was called up to the senior national squad for the first time, ahead of a UEFA Women's Euro 2013 qualifying match with Romania. In June 2013, national team coach Ignacio Quereda called Sampedro up to their 23-player squad for the UEFA Women's Euro 2013 finals in Sweden. They were also part of Spain's squad at the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada.
International goals
Personal life
In March 2013 Sampedro was in the second year of a sports journalism course at King Juan Carlos University (URJC).
Honours
Club
Primera División: 2016–17, 2017–18, 2018-19
Copa de la Reina: 2016
Supercopa de España: 2020-21
International
Spain
UEFA Women's Under-17 Championship: Winner 2010
Algarve Cup: 2017
Cyprus Cup: Winner, 2018
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Spanish women's footballers
Spain women's international footballers
Primera División (women) players
Atlético Madrid Femenino players
Women's association football midfielders
Women's association football forwards
2015 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Footballers from Madrid
2019 FIFA Women's World Cup players
UEFA Women's Euro 2017 players
Sunset House is an unincorporated community in northern Alberta within the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16. It is located east of Highway 49, east of Grande Prairie.
References
Localities in the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16
Chandra Mohan Yadav (Nepali: चन्द्र मोहन यादव) is a Nepali politician of Nepali Congress and member of Nepalese Constituent Assembly from Dhanusha 5.  They are also central committee member of Nepali Congress. Yadav is the son of Ram Baran Yadav, the first president of Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal. In the party, Yadav is one of the closest to vice president Bimalendra Nidhi.
Yadav is also a doctor (radiologist) by profession.
Electoral history
2013 Constituent Assembly Election
Dhanusha-5
See also
2022 Janakpur municipal election
References
Nepali Congress politicians from Madhesh Province
People from Dhanusha District
Nepalese Hindus
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Hulcze is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately south of Dołhobyczów, south of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 40.
References
Hulcze
The Study on global AGEing and adult health (SAGE) is run by the World Health Organization. An objective for SAGE is to compile comprehensive longitudinal data on the health and well-being of adult populations and the ageing process across different countries, through primary data collection, secondary data analysis and cross-study collaborations.
SAGE baseline data (Wave 0, 2002–04) was collected as part of WHO's World Health Survey (WHS). A second round of data collection (Wave 1, 2007–10) is completed, expanding the sample sizes in each participating country (China, Ghana, India, Mexico, the Russian Federation and South Africa). Wave 2 (2014/15) data collection was completed in 2015. Wave 3 has been implemented in 2017/19.
SAGE Wave 0 (2002/04)
A baseline cohort for the six participating countries was created as part of the larger World Health Survey effort and contains data on the situation of 65,964 adults aged 18 years and older, including over 20,000 persons aged 50 years and older. Samples of these respondents were followed-up as a part of SAGE Wave 1 (2007–10) data collection in four of the six SAGE countries (Ghana, India, Mexico and the Russian Federation). Meta- and micro-data are in the public domain through WHO at http://apps.who.int/healthinfo/systems/surveydata/index.php/catalog/whs.
SAGE Wave 1 (2007/10)
Weighted data for China, Ghana, India, Mexico, Russian Federation and South Africa are in the public domain (see Study on global AGEing and Adult Health). SAGE's first full round of data collection included both follow-up and new respondents in four participating countries. The goal of the sampling design was to obtain a nationally representative cohort of persons aged 50 years and older, with a smaller cohort of persons aged 18 to 49 for comparison purposes. The target sample size was 5000 households with at least one person aged 50+ years and 1000 households with an 18- to 49-year-old respondent. In the older households, all persons aged 50+ years (for example, spouses and siblings) were invited to participate. Proxy respondents were identified for respondents who were unable to respond for themselves. The pooled data set will include over 43,000 respondents (see table below).
Data collected, Wave 1
Standardized SAGE survey instruments were used in all countries consisting of five main parts: 1) household questionnaire; 2) individual questionnaire; 3) proxy questionnaire; 4) verbal autopsy questionnaire; and, 5) appendices including showcards. A question by question guide (Survey Manual) is available. A VAQ was completed for deaths in the household over the last 24 months. The procedures for including country-specific adaptations to the standardized questionnaire and translations into local languages from English follow those developed by and used for the World Health Survey.
Descriptive results from SAGE Wave 1 are available through a US Census Bureau/WHO report Shades of Gray: A Cross-Country Study of Health and Well-Being of the Older Populations in SAGE Countries, 2007-2010.
Background information on SAGE is also available through:
Kowal P, Chatterji S, Naidoo N, Biritwum R, Wu Fan, Lopez Ridaura R, Maximova T, Arokiasamy P, Phaswana-Mafuya N, Peltzer K, Williams S, Snodgrass JJ, Minicuci N, D'Este C, Boerma JT and the SAGE Collaborators. Data Resource Profile: The WHO Study on global AGEing and adult health (SAGE). Int J Epidemiol. 2012;41(6):1639-49.
SAGE Wave 2 (2014/15)
Data collection for SAGE Wave 2 was completed in 2015 in all SAGE countries, except the Russian Federation, who are planning to complete implementation in line with SAGE Wave 3 for the other participating countries.
SAGE Wave 3 (2017/19)
Data for SAGE Wave 3 in China, Ghana, India, Mexico and South Africa will be available in 2019.
Links to other studies
SAGE adapted methods and instruments used by the WHS and/or from 16 surveys on ageing (including the US Health and Retirement Survey (HRS) and the UK English Longitudinal Study of Ageing (ELSA) to collect household data on persons aged 50 years and older in over 20 countries, as well as fostering links to other data collection efforts such as the Study on Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE), the Chinese Health and Retirement Survey (CHARLs), the Longitudinal Ageing Study in India (LASI).
An R21-funded effort, SAGE+ Wave 1 - which harmonized data from SAGE, HRS, ELSA and SHARE, resulted in a first publication in 2016. Minicuci N, Naidoo N, Chatterji S, Kowal P. Data Resource Profile: Cross-national and cross-study sociodemographic and health-related harmonized domains from SAGE plus ELSA, HRS and SHARE (SAGE+), Wave 1 Int J Epidemiol. 2016. (NIA grant R21AG034263)
SAGE-like surveys have been conducted as the World Health Survey Plus (WHS+) in the Gulf Cooperation Council countries, as a short version of SAGE in eight demographic surveillance fieldsites INDEPTH; as a full SAGE in three INDEPTH fieldsites; and, as COURAGE in Europe in three European countries.
SAGE Tunisia was completed in 2016.
SAGE Al-Ain (UAE) started interviews in April 2017.
SAGE Mongolia is completed in 2018.
SAGE Salt & Tobacco nested sub-study in SAGE Ghana and SAGE South Africa Waves 2 and 3
A goal of this sub-study is to monitor change in cardiovascular outcomes associated with salt reduction, including blood pressure, and examine tobacco consumption levels and patterns. One wave of spot and 24-hr urine capture plus urinary sodium and potassium measurements was completed as part of WHO's SAGE Wave 2 (2014/15) in Ghana and South Africa. A follow-up wave of urine capture will be nested within SAGE Wave 3 (2017). Incorporation of the gold standard measure of salt intake (24h urine samples) to assess habitual salt consumption and GATS harmonized tobacco questions. Sodium, potassium, iodine and cotinine will be assessed in the urine samples. This sub-study is supported by an agreement with the CDC Foundation with financial support provided by Bloomberg Philanthropies, a Partnerships & Research Development Fund (PRDF) grant from the Australia
Africa Universities Network, and WHO.
See, Charlton et al. BMJ Open. 2016;6(11):e013316. DOI:10.1136/bmjopen-2016-013316
SAGE-INDEPTH
Data for the summary SAGE module added to INDEPTH census rounds in 2007 and 2008 (Wave 1) is available through WHO SAGE and INDEPTH. These data include the SAGE health state descriptions, WHO Disability Assessment Schedule version 2 (WHODAS-II) and the WHO Quality of Life (WHOQoL) 8-item version as measures of health and subjective well-being, linked to selected sociodemographic data from the demographic surveillance fieldsites in eight countries (Bangladesh, Ghana, India, Indonesia, Kenya, South Africa, Tanzania and Viet Nam). The sample size is over 46,000 respondents. First results are published as 'Growing Older in Africa and Asia: Multicentre study on ageing, health and well-being' in the peer-reviewed open-access journal, Global Health Action.
Wave 2 - the INDEPTH Network is responsible for implementing Wave 2.
SAGE-WOPS HIV study
Three waves of the SAGE Well-being of Older People Study (WOPS) HIV study have been conducted in two countries, South Africa and Uganda, with the goal of providing data on the effects of HIV/AIDS among older people infected or affected by HIV. The aim of this study was to describe the health status, well being and functional status among older people either infected with HIV themselves, or affected by HIV/AIDS in their families. The impacts of caregiving and ART were also examined. Wave 1 was completed in 2010/11 and Wave 2 was completed in 2013. Wave 3 was completed in 2016/17, and Wave 4 will be implemented in 2019. Two papers from Wave 1 results are listed below.
Scholten F, Mugisha J, Seeley J, Kinyanda E, Nakubukwa S, Kowal P, Naidoo N, Boerma T, Chatterji S, Grosskurth H. Health and functional status among older people with HIV/AIDS in Uganda. BMC Pub Health. 2011;11:886.
Nyirenda M, Chatterji S, Falkingham J, Mutevedzi P, Hosegood V, Evandrou M, Kowal P, Newell M-L. An investigation of factors associated with the health and wellbeing of HIV-infected and HIV-affected older people in rural South Africa. BMC Pub Health. 2012;12:259.
Direction
WHO SAGE consists of Dr Somnath Chatterji as Principal Investigator, Dr Paul Kowal as co-Principal Investigator, Ms Nirmala Naidoo as co-PI and lead statistician, with regular contributions from other members of WHO's Department of Health Statistics and Information systems (HSI). Survey teams in each participating country lead the data capture efforts, from data collection to dissemination, and contribute to analysis and manuscript preparation.
Wave 1 country Primary Investigators: Dr Wu Fan, Shanghai CDC, China; Prof Richard Biritwum, University of Ghana, Ghana; Prof Perianayagam Arokiasamy, IIPS, India; Ms Rosalba Roja, Dr Ruy López Ridaura, Dr Mara Tellez Rojo, INSP, Mexico; Dr Tamara Maximova, RAMS, Russian Federation; and, Dr Refilwe Nancy Phaswana-Mafuya and Dr Karl Peltzer, HSRC, South Africa.
Wave 2 country Primary Investigators: Dr Wu Fan, Shanghai CDC, China; Prof Richard Biritwum and Dr Alfred Yawson, University of Ghana, Ghana; Prof Perianayagam Arokiasamy, IIPS, India; Mr Aaron Salinas Rodriguez and Ms Betty Soledad Manrique Espinoza, INSP, Mexico; and, Dr Stephen Rule, Outsourced Insight, South Africa.
Wave 3 country Primary Investigators: Dr Wu Fan, Shanghai CDC, China; Prof Richard Biritwum and Dr Alfred Yawson, University of Ghana, Ghana; Prof Perianayagam Arokiasamy, IIPS, India; Mr Aaron Salinas Rodriguez and Ms Betty Soledad Manrique Espinoza, INSP, Mexico; and, Dr Stephen Rule, HSRC, South Africa.
Funding
SAGE and SAGE sub-studies are supported by the World Health Organization and the Division of Behavioral and Social Research at the National Institute on Aging (NIA BSR), US National Institutes of Health, through Interagency Agreements (OGHA 04034785; YA1323-08-CN-0020; Y1-AG-1005-01) with WHO and a Research Project Grant R01 AG034479. NIA BSR has facilitated forums for in-depth discussions about study content, design and implementation. The NIA BSR has been instrumental in promoting linkages between longitudinal studies on ageing and adult health around the world.
Governments in three countries, China, Mexico and South Africa, provided financial support for SAGE Wave 1. The University of Ghana provided financial and in-kind support. USAID funding contributed to an oversample of adult women in SAGE India Wave 1. The Shanghai municipal government provided support for SAGE Wave 2 in China, while the University of Ghana provided financial and in-kind support.
Wave 3 is supported through NIA Research Project Grant R01 AG034479 and in-kind or financial support from implementing partners in collaborating countries. Seeking co-funding from governments.
SAGE Salt & Tobacco sub-study is supported by an agreement with the CDC Foundation with financial support provided by Bloomberg Philanthropies, a Partnerships & Research Development Fund (PRDF) grant from the Australia Africa Universities Network, and WHO.
The European Commission under Seventh Framework Programme has provided financial support to implement a SAGE-like health status, quality of life and well-being study in Europe under the name "collaborative research on ageing in Europe (COURAGE in Europe)". Finland, Poland and Spain implemented the survey in 2010.
External links
Study on global AGEing and Adult Health (SAGE)
African Research on Ageing Network (AFRAN)
Australian Longitudinal Study on Women's Health (ALSWH)
China Health and Retirement Longitudinal Study (CHARLs)
Comparisons of Longitudinal European Studies on Ageing (CLESA)
Costa Rican Study of Longevity and Healthy Aging (CRELES)
Dynamic Analyses to Optimize Ageing (DYNOPTA)
English Longitudinal Study of Ageing (ELSA)
Global Ageing Survey (retirement and financial well-being study)
US Health and Retirement Survey (HRS)
INDEPTH (Health and Demographic Surveillance Systems for ageing and adult health research)
Japanese Study of Aging and Retirement (JSTAR)
Korean Longitudinal Study of Ageing (KLoSA)
Longitudinal Ageing Study in India (LASI)
Mexican Family Life Survey (MxFLS)
Mexican Health and Aging Study (MHAS)
New Zealand Health, Work and Retirement (NZHRS)
Puerto Rican Elderly: Health Conditions (PREHCO)
Study on Health, Ageing and Retirement in Europe (SHARE)
10/66 Dementia Research Group
The Irish Longitudinal Study on Ageing (TILDA)
The Gateway to Global Aging Data
Health and Aging in Africa: Longitudinal Studies of INDEPTH Communities (HAALSI)
World Health Organization
The Monument in Commemoration of the Return of Hong Kong to China is an outdoor monument, installed in Golden Bauhinia Square, Wan Chai North, Hong Kong.
See also
Transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong
References
External links
Monuments and memorials in Hong Kong
Outdoor sculptures in Hong Kong
Wan Chai North
Mount Philo State Park is a state park located in Charlotte, Vermont. The park protects the area around Mount Philo (968 feet high) and provides views of Lake Champlain and the Adirondack Mountains to the west. The Green Mountains (including Camel's Hump in the winter) can be seen to the east and south. It is accessed by trail or steep narrow road (seasonal).
Features
The park features hiking trails that lead from the base to the summit of Mount Philo. There is a mountaintop picnic area with views of Lake Champlain, the valley, and the Adirondack Mountains and Green Mountains to the west and south.
There is a small camping area with a total of 10 sites including 3 lean-tos, with restrooms and hot showers.
History
From the late 19th century to 1924, Mt. Philo was a popular destination for guests of the Mt. Philo Inn. It was accessed by carriage road and had a wooden observation tower at its summit.
The park was established in 1924 when Francies Humphreys of Brookline, Massachusetts, owner of the adjacent Mt. Philo Inn, donated the land to the State of Vermont for recreational use. This land would become Vermont's first state park. In 1929, the carriage road was improved and a summit picnic area was created. From 1935-1937, CCC (Civilian Conservation Corps) crews further enhanced the road and picnic area and built a ranger cabin and camping sites. The park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 for its importance in the state's recreational history, and for its CCC-related architecture.
Biology
From September to November, Mt. Philo is an excellent viewpoint for migrating raptors. Three main types can be viewed: falcons such as the kestrel and merlin; accipiters such as the cooper's hawk; and buteos such as the red-tailed hawk.
Geology
Mt. Philo sits atop the Champlain Thrust fault of Middle Ordivician age. It is made up of difficult to weather sedimentary rocks—the Cambrian Monkton Quartzites—that are thrust over younger Ordovician rocks of the Stony Point Formation. The rocks that hold up Mt. Philo were originally deposited during the Cambrian on a passive margin in a warm shallow marine shelf setting along the east coast of Laurentia (Proto North America). These rocks have subsequently been thrust west during the Taconic Orogeny (~450 Ma) and perhaps again during the Acadian Orogeny (~350 Ma).
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chittenden County, Vermont
References
External links
Park website
Park geology
State parks of Vermont
Charlotte, Vermont
Protected areas of Chittenden County, Vermont
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
Civilian Conservation Corps in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Chittenden County, Vermont
The 1981–82 season was the North American Soccer League's third indoor soccer season.
Overview
Thirteen of a possible 14 NASL teams participated. Fort Lauderdale was the only non-participant in the 18-game regular season. The Los Angeles Aztecs and the Minnesota Kicks had been scheduled to participate but were unable to do so, due to mounting financial issues. By early December both teams had folded. Other changes in the indoor structure included the separating of the teams into two conferences, each with two divisions. The Atlantic Conference contained the East and Central Divisions, while the Pacific Conference held the West and Northwest Divisions. During the regular season teams played eighteen matches within their conference only. Four teams from each conference advanced to the playoffs, which included the two division winners, along with the two non-division winners with the best won-loss record. The championship series was broadcast live on ESPN. The San Diego Sockers won the championship with a two-game finals sweep of the Tampa Bay Rowdies. This was the Sockers' first ever NASL title. Juli Veee of San Diego won both the regular season and playoff MVP awards.
Regular season
W = Wins, L = Losses, GB = Games behind 1st place, % = Winning percentage, GF = Goals for, GA = Goals against
Atlantic Conference
Pacific Conference
NASL All-Stars
Playoffs
Bracket
1st round
If a playoff series is tied after two games, a 15 minute, tiebreaker mini-game is played.
Semi-finals
#Although Edmonton was the higher seed, a scheduling conflict forced both games to be played in San Diego.
Championship Finals
*Championship finals re-seeded based on regular-season won-loss record.
Championship match reports
1981–82 NASL Indoor Champions: San Diego Sockers
Postseason awards
Most Valuable Player: Juli Veee, San Diego
Playoff MVP: Juli Veee, San Diego
References
NASL Indoor seasons
NASL Indoor Season, 1981-82
NASL Indoor Season, 1981-82
1982
Thailand were the defending champions of the Men's Team competition of the 2011 Southeast Asian Games and successfully defended their title by defeating Indonesia in the final. Each tie was the best of three rubbers, two singles and one doubles match.
Medalists
Draw
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Gold medal match
References
Draw
Team of Thailand
Team of Indonesia
Team of Vietnam
Team of the Philippines
SEAG2011 Start/Result Lists - Tennis
Women's Team
Newermind: A Tribute to Nirvana is a 2011 celebratory tribute album, created by SPIN Magazine, for the 20th anniversary of Nirvana's album Nevermind. The bands that covered each song on the album were inspired by Nirvana to pursue a musical career, with special mentions to Meat Puppets and The Vaselines who had inspired Kurt Cobain. The album was originally released for free download on July 19, 2011. It is no longer available for download on the original website.
Track listing
References
2011 compilation albums
Nirvana (band) tribute albums
Virginia's 39th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia. It has been represented by Democrat George Barker since their 2007 defeat of Republican incumbent Jay O'Brien.
Geography
District 39 covers parts of Alexandria, Fairfax County, and Prince William County in the suburbs of Washington D.C., including some or all of Rose Hill, Franconia, Newington, Lorton, Lake Ridge, and Buckhall.
The district overlaps with Virginia's 1st, 8th, 10th, and 11th congressional districts, and with the 13th, 39th, 40th, 42nd, 43rd, 46th, and 51st districts of the Virginia House of Delegates.
Recent election results
2019
2015
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 39
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting, and thus were under different district lines.
2007
2003
2002 special
As a result of redistricting prior to the 2003 elections, District 39 moved from Southwest Virginia to Northern Virginia, causing then-incumbent Madison Marye to resign and forcing a special election.
1999
1995
References
Virginia Senate districts
Government in Fairfax County, Virginia
Prince William County, Virginia
Alexandria, Virginia
Rudolf Otto (31 August 1887 – 9 September 1962) was a German painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics.
References
1887 births
1962 deaths
20th-century German painters
20th-century German male artists
German male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Děčín District
Marie Overbye (born January 19, 1976) is an athlete from Denmark, born in Silkeborg. They compete in triathlon.
Them best international results include a fourth place at the Triathlon World Championships 1997 in Perth, Australia, as well as a 2nd and 3rd rank in the World Cup in 1998 and 2000.
Overbye competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took twenty-eighth place with a total time of 2:07:17.51.
External links
Official website
Danish female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of Denmark
People from Silkeborg
1976 births
Living people
Duathletes
Sportspeople from the Central Denmark Region
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Montana, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1889, Montana has participated in every U.S. presidential election.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
See also
Elections in Montana
Notes
References
P. Viswambharan (25 June 1925 – 9 December 2016) was an Indian politician, socialist, trade unionist and journalist.
Education
School: Pachalloor L.P.School, Venganor English Middle School and Thiruvananthapuram S.M.V School
College: Nagarcoil Scott Christian College, Thiruvananthapuram Arts College and University College.
Degree in History and Economics.
Political activities
While, studying in Thiruvananthapuram, joined the Quit India Movement. It was the beginning of their political career.
When the Students Congress was formed in the 1940s, they have undertaken the task to organize its Thiruvthamcore unit.
In 1945, they were elected to the executive of the Travancore University Union.
In 1949, became a member of Socialist Party.
In 1950, became a member of the Trivandrum District Committee of Indian Socialist Party.
In 1956, became the State Joint Secretary of Praja Socialist Party.
In 1964, became the State General Secretary of Praja Socialist Party.
In 1971, became the State Chairman of Socialist Party.
P. Viswambharan was elected as the first Convener of the Left Democratic Front (LDF) which was formed in 1973.
In the period of 1975-77 they actively worked against the Emergency declared by the then prime minister Indira Gandhi.
After 1977, they served the Janata Party and Janata Dal party as its State President and National executive member.
As a Legislature
In 1954, they were elected to the Thiruvithamcore-Cochin Assembly from Nemom constituency in Thiruvananthapuram District.
Again in 1960, they were elected to the Kerala Assembly from Nemom constituency.
In 1967 they were elected from the Thiruvananthapuram Parliament constituency to the Indian Parliament.
As a journalist
From 1946 to 1958 they worked as a journalist for the Malayalam dailies like Malayali, Mathrubhumi, Swathrathanthakahalam and Desabandhu.
Trade Union Field
They organized and led the Dakshina Thiruvithamkoor Karinkal Thozhilali Union, Dakshina Thiruvithamkoor Motor Thozhilali Union, Thiruvananthapuram Port Workers Union, Travancore Textile Workers Union, Kerala PWD work establishment Employees Union, Electricity board Ministerial Officers Union and so on.
Co-operative Sector
Right from the beginning of the formation of the Coir Co-operative Movement in Thiru- Cochi State (in 1950) they were associated with it as an active leader and organizer.
They were the president for over 45 years in the Thiruvallam Pachalloor Coir Vyavasaya Sahakarana Samkham.
They worked as the president of Alappuzha Central Marketing Coir Cooperative Society.
They also worked as the vice president of Kerala Coir Marketing Federation for a long time.
They were associated as the executive committee member of the National Federation of Industrial Co-operatives.
References
1925 births
2016 deaths
Indian socialists
Trade unionists from Kerala
Journalists from Kerala
Praja Socialist Party politicians
India MPs 1967–1970
Lok Sabha members from Kerala
People from Thiruvananthapuram district
Kerala MLAs 1960–1964
Samyukta Socialist Party politicians
Janata Party politicians
Janata Dal politicians
Renato Barbieri (15 January 1903 – 11 November 1980), also known as Attào, was an Italian rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932 they won the silver medal as member of the Italian boat in the men's eight competition.
References
External links
profile
1903 births
1980 deaths
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic silver medalists for Italy
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
European Rowing Championships medalists
20th-century Italian people
Robert Joseph Eckl (November 20, 1917 - September 30, 1961) was a professional American football player in the National Football League as a tackle for the Chicago Cardinals in 1945. Prior to that they played for the Milwaukee Chiefs of the third American Football League. In 1940 Eckl was elected to the All-AFL, with 1st team honors. A year later, they remained in the AFL, and split the season between the Chiefs and the Cincinnati Bengals.
Prior to their professional career, Eckl played at the collegiate level at the University of Wisconsin–Madison.
References
Players of American football from Milwaukee
Chicago Cardinals players
Wisconsin Badgers football players
1961 deaths
Milwaukee Chiefs (AFL) players
Cincinnati Bengals (AFL III) players
1917 births
The 1914 Virginia Orange and Blue football team represented the University of Virginia as a member of the South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SAIAA) during the 1914 college football season. Led by Joseph M. Wood in their first and only season as head coach, the Orange and Blue compiled an overall record of 8–1 with a mark of 3–0 in conference play, sharing the SAIAA title with Washington and Lee. Virginia outscored its opponents 353 to 38 on the season.
Schedule
Players
Varsity lettermen
Line
Backfield
Subs
References
Virginia
Virginia Cavaliers football seasons
South Atlantic Intercollegiate Athletic Association football champion seasons
Virginia Orange and Blue football
Miss Asia Pacific International 2019 (MAPI) is the fourth edition of beauty pageant, Miss Asia Pacific International.
The event was held on October 9, at the Newport Performing Arts Theater of Resorts World Manila in Pasay, Philippines. Spain's Chaiyenne Huisman was crowned the title. Thu Hien was awarded the Missosology's Choice award.
Results
Order of Announcements
Top 25
Top 10
Top 5
Continental Queens
Africa
- Miche'le-Ange Minkata
Americas
- Jessica Victoria Cianchino
Asia
- Klyza Castro
Europe
- Lauralyn Vermeersch
Oceania
- Chelsea Martin
International delegates
List of 54 delegates:
References
External links
Official website
2019 beauty pageants
2019
Mauro Huerta Díaz (born 23 August 1967) is a Mexican politician from the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico. From 2000 to 2003 they served as Deputy of the LVIII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing the Federal District.
References
1967 births
Living people
Politicians from Mexico City
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
National Action Party (Mexico) politicians
Ecologist Green Party of Mexico politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LVIII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Mexico City
The Firebird Tribute is a German single-place, paraglider that was designed and produced by Firebird Sky Sports AG of Füssen in the mid-2000s. It is now out of production.
Design and development
The Tribute was designed as an advanced and competition glider. The models are each named for their relative size.
Variants
Tribute M
Mid-sized model for medium-weight pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 95 cells and the aspect ratio is 6.43:1. The glider model is AFNOR Competition certified.
Tribute L
Large-sized model for heavier pilots. Its span wing has a wing area of , 115 cells and the aspect ratio is 6.43:1. The glider model is AFNOR Competition certified.
Specifications (Tribute L)
References
Tribute
Paragliders
Unforgettable is the fourth book in The It Girl series, released in 2007. It was written by a ghostwriter with suggestions from Cecily von Ziegesar. Aimed toward young adults, it is a spin-off from the bestselling Gossip Girl series.
Plot summary
After being torn between Callie Vernon and Jenny Humphrey, Easy Walsh makes their decision and chooses Callie. Although Jenny and Callie made a pact to put their friendship before relationships with Easy in front of the whole school, Callie will certainly not give them up for their sophomore roommate.
Meanwhile, Brett Messerschmidt is still upset about the breakup with Jeremiah. After Jeremiah lost their virginity to Elizabeth, Brett had enough with guys. Surprisingly, Brett finds love in the most unexpected place: Kara Whalen, and confides in the most unexpected person: Heath Ferro, an inveterate gossip. Not ready to declare their sexuality to the student body, Brett keeps the relationship a secret by bribing Heath with sexy pictures of them and Kara. As a result of this, the three become surprisingly close.
Tinsley Carmichael does the unexpected and hooks up with a first-year student: Julian McCafferty. However, Tinsley finds Julian growing increasingly more distant, and they cannot accept they might be bored with them
Brandon Buchanan is completely over Callie and Jenny and is completely in love with Elizabeth, a unique and spunky girl who goes to Jeremiah's school. However, Elizabeth is afraid of being tied down to commitment and wants to be free to see other people, much to Brandon's discontent. Then at a party hosted by Tinsley they see their flirting with another guy and decides they are not able to have an open relationship with them
At a special off-campus party hosted by Tinsley, Easy proclaims their love for Callie, and they sleep together in a barn while the party rages on. Jenny walks in on them, runs out of the barn before they see them and finds Julian behind it. They talk and realize their feelings for each other, finally kissing. A fire in the barn interrupts them: a fire started by Tinsley throwing Julian's lighter away after seeing them. Suddenly, when the group returns to Waverly, rumors are flying about who actually started the fire. When Jenny confronts Callie about what they saw, they both accuse each other of starting the fire.
Brett and Kara's secret is exposed when an intoxicated Callie lets the secret slip at the party, Kara having told Callie the secret after a meeting of Women of Waverly, the club started by Brett for girls to talk about their problems. Soon the entire student body knows that their prefect is in a lesbian relationship. Fueled by anger, Brett is hungry for revenge.
Dean Marymount finds out about the fire in the barn and is planning to expel whoever was responsible. Tinsley and Callie seize this chance to frame Jenny and get rid of them once and for all.
References
2007 American novels
Chick lit novels
Novels by Cecily von Ziegesar
American young adult novels
Heinz (Heinrich Josef Anton Alois) von Perckhammer (1895–1965) was a Tyrolean photographer best known for their Chinese nudes and Beijing street scenes.
Life
Perckhammer was born in Merano, Austria-Hungary (now Italy) on 3 March 1895. In the First World War they served aboard the SMS Kaiserin Elisabeth during the Siege of Tsingtao and from 1917 to 1919 was a Japanese prisoner of war. They remained in China for several years after their release. In 1928 two volumes of their photographs were published in Berlin: one of carefully posed Chinese nudes, many taken in Macao brothels, under the title Edle nacktheit in China (The Culture of the Nude in China), and one of Beijing street photography, as Peking. In 1929 they accompanied the airship LZ 127 Graf Zeppelin on its round-the-world tour, as a photojournalist for the Berlin illustrated weekly Die Woche.
By 1932 Perckhammer had established a studio in Berlin, where their work included nudes and fashion photography. In the late 1930s some of their images were used as propaganda for the Strength Through Joy movement, and during the Second World War they served as a war photographer attached to the Waffen-SS. Their studio in Berlin was bombed out in 1942, and after the war they returned to Merano. They died, aged 69, on 3 February 1965.
Sources
External links
Patrick Boehler, Shaman dancers, coolies and suffragettes: rare photos of 1900s Beijing discovered from Austrian archive, South China Morning Post, 12 September 2014.
Austrian photographers
Photography in China
1895 births
1965 deaths
People from Merano
Travis Triangle is a narrow green space in the Murray Hill/Flushing neighborhoods of Queens, New York City. It is formed by the separation of Murray Street and Murray Lane, both of which were named after the Murray family, which owned land on the site of these streets from the late colonial period through the early 19th century. In 1932, New York City's Board of Aldermen passed a resolution to name this site Travis Triangle in honor of local American Civil War veteran Ira Underhill Travis (1839-1921), who fought under the name Ira Wilson, in the 11th New York Volunteer Infantry Regiment also known as Colonel Elmer E. Ellsworth's Zouaves.
In the incident at Marshall House Inn during the Union Army's occupation of Alexandria, Virginia, their commander was killed after removing a Confederate flag. Travis kept a piece of the flag as a souvenir for their family In July 1861, Travis received a bullet wound in their shoulder in the First Battle of Manassas. The bullet remained lodged in their shoulder for the rest of their life. Travis was buried at Flushing Cemetery.
With the arrival of the subway to Flushing in 1928, the neighborhood expanded to the north and east and parks were built to accommodate the new residents. Parcels that were too small to develop, such as this site, were designated as green spaces maintained by the city's Parks Department.
The park contains plots for 24 trees and a bench on its northern side. Continuing north, Murray Lane gradually narrows, taking on the appearance of a countryside lane, having changed little as the surrounding neighborhood transformed over a century from farmland towards residential.
References
External links
Travis Triangle — New York City Department of Parks & Recreation
Travis Triangle — Forgotten NY
Parks in Queens, New York
Flushing, Queens
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
Squares in Queens, New York
Rabita Trust is a designated terrorist organisation in Pakistan, which ostensibly provided humanitarian aid to Pakistanis in Bangladesh and Afghanistan. The trust has extensive ties to both the Pakistani and Saudi Arabian governments.
Pakistani President Muhammad Zia-ul-Haq founded the trust in 1988. Wa'el Hamza Julaidan is the Secretary-General.
The United States State Department designated Rabita Trust as an al-Qaeda terrorist financing front on 23 September 2001. The Pakistani government designated Rabita Trust as a terrorist organisation on 6 March 2012.
See also
Muslim World League
The Golden Chain
References
Organisations designated as terrorist by Pakistan
1988 establishments in Pakistan
Terrorism in Pakistan
Jihadist groups in Pakistan
Groups affiliated with al-Qaeda
Organizations designated as terrorist by the United States
Small Group Research is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the field of social psychology, dealing with the psychology and organizational behavior of small groups and communication processes within them. The editors-in-chief are Aaron M. Brower (University of Wisconsin) and Joann Keyton (North Carolina State University). It was established in 1970 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Abstracting and indexing
Small Group Research is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 1.163, ranking it 51st out of 64 journals in the category "Psychology, Social", 161th out of 209 journals in the category "Management", and 59th out of 82 journals in the category "Psychology, Applied".
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Bimonthly journals
Social psychology journals
Publications established in 1970
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Justo is located in the city of San Justo, in the province of Buenos Aires. It was established by Pope Paul VI on 18 July 1969.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Jorge Carlos Carreras (1969–1982)
Rodolfo Bufano (1982–1990)
Jorge Arturo Meinvielle S.D.B. (1991–2003)
Baldomero Carlos Martini (2004– )
Auxiliary bishops
Rodolfo Bufano (1978-1980), appointed Bishop of Chascomús (later returned here as Bishop)
Antonio Federico Gatti (1996-1998)
Damián Santiago Bitar (2008-2010), appointed Bishop of Oberá
Other priest of this diocese who became bishop
Juan Horacio Suárez, appointed Bishop of Gregorio de Laferrere in 2000
References
External links
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in Argentina
Roman Catholic Ecclesiastical Province of Buenos Aires
Christian organizations established in 1969
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Georges Galinat (born 15 August 1904, date of death unknown) was a French boxer. They competed in the 1924 Summer Olympics. In 1924, Gallant was eliminated in the first round of the heavyweight class after losing their fight to Ed Greathouse of the United States.
References
External links
1904 births
Year of death missing
Heavyweight boxers
Olympic boxers of France
Boxers at the 1924 Summer Olympics
French male boxers
The Roswell Museum (formerly Roswell Museum and Art Center) was founded in 1936 and is located in Roswell, New Mexico, United States. The museum features exhibits about the art and history of the American Southwest, as well as the Robert H. Goddard laboratory.
The museum operates the Patricia Lubben Bassett Art Education Center, opened in 1998, as a learning facility. The facility houses two classrooms, a ceramics studio, and research library, all of which supports a museum-school-community creative exchange that provides arts education opportunities for all ages.
The Robert H. Goddard Planetarium was built through an initiative shared by the museum and the Roswell Independent School District in 1968. Once considered the largest planetarium in New Mexico, it is capable of reproducing the night sky as seen from any point on earth. The Robert H. Goddard Planetarium is home to a state-of-the-art, full-dome digital theater system with Digistar 6 programming.
History
The museum was founded in 1936, after funding from New Mexico's Works Progress Administration (WPA) (authorized by manager Lea Rowland), with the goal of storing Southeastern New Mexican items for the local historical and archaeological society and acting as a community center. The museum opened on December 10, 1937, as one of the numerous cultural centers established by the WPA during the Depression-era. Early museum exhibits included regional archaeological and ethnographic objects; artifacts; paintings by Peter Hurd and Henriette Wyeth (daughter of N.C. Wyeth); and others.
After the restructuring of the WPA in 1941, the City of Roswell assumed control of the museum. From 1952 to 1955, Vernon Hunter served as the museum director; followed by the directorship of David Gebhard from 1955 to 1961; and Joseph M. Stuart from 1961 to 1964.
By 1986, museum attendance reached over 45,000 visitors yearly. From 1967 to 2002, the Roswell Museum oversaw the operation of the Roswell Artist-in-Residence (RAiR) program.
The museum has been accredited by the American Alliance of Museums since 1978.
Collections and exhibition galleries
The Roswell Museum's permanent collection features a historical collection, and a visual art collection. The historical collection includes the American West historical collection, Native American collection, Spanish colonial historical items, and the liquid-propellant rocketry collection. The visual art collection includes regional art, modernist works from Santa Fe and Taos; 20th-century artworks, Southwestern Art; Peter Hurd and Henriette Wyeth Collection; contemporary art, international print collection; WPA-era art; decorative arts; and landscape artists. A donor program brought in works by Georgia O'Keeffe, Marsden Hartley, Stuart Davis, John Marin, and others.
Goddard Galleries
Esther Goddard gifted the museum with one of its most significant historical collections, Dr. Robert H. Goddard's material research on liquid-fuel rockets. In 1959, the museum added a new wing dedicated to Goddard, and includes a reproduction of their laboratory. Goddard's rocket tower now stands in the museum's courtyard. In the Robert H. Goddard exhibit, visitors may see a moon rock donated by Harrison Schmitt from the Apollo 17 Mission.
Rogers Aston Gallery
In 1980, the museum received a collection of western art and historical artifacts donated by Rogers and Mary Ellen Aston which prompted the opening of the wing named, the Rogers Aston Gallery of American Indian and Western Art.
See also
Anderson Museum of Contemporary Art
Roswell Artist-in-Residence Compound
References
External links
1935 establishments in New Mexico
Art museums and galleries in New Mexico
Federal Art Project
History museums in New Mexico
Institutions accredited by the American Alliance of Museums
Museums established in 1935
Museums in Chaves County, New Mexico
Roswell, New Mexico
Works Progress Administration in New Mexico
The Apostolic Vicariate of Pakse () is a Latin rite missionary territorial jurisdiction of the Catholic Church in Laos. As an apostolic vicariate, it is a pre-diocesan jurisdiction, entitled to a titular bishop. It covers southern Laos.
It is exempt, i.e., not part of any ecclesiastical province but directly dependent on the Holy See and notably its missionary Roman Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples.
Its cathedral episcopal see is Cathedral of the Sacred Heart, in Pakse.
History
The vicariate was established on 12 June 1967 as Apostolic Vicariate of Pakse / Paksé (French) / 巴色 (正體中文) / Paksen(sis) (Latin adjective), when it was split off from the Apostolic Vicariate of Savannakhet.
Statistics and extent
The vicariate covers the Laotian provinces of Champasak, Salavan, Xekong and Attapu, but most of the Catholics live in Champasak and Saravan.
Covering an area of 45,000 km² of southern Laos, the Vicariate is the smallest of the apostolic vicariates in Laos. As of 2016, only about 15,000 (1.3%) of approximately 1.3 million people living in the area are members of the Catholic Church, half of them belonging to ethnic minorities. It is subdivided into 46 parishes served by only 7 priests. There are also 19 sisters from the Soeurs de la Charite (Sisters of Charity) and the Filles Marie de la Croix (Daughters of Mary of the Cross). As per 2014 it has 7 priests (6 diocesan, 1 religious), 22 lay religious (10 brothers, 12 sisters) and 16 seminarians.
Ordinaries
Apostolic Vicars of Pakse
Jean-Pierre Urkia, M.E.P. (1967–1975)
Thomas Khamphan (1975–2000)
Cardinal Louis-Marie Ling Mangkhanekhoun, I.V.D. (2000–2017), appointed Apostolic Vicar of Vientiane
Andrew Souksavath Nouane Asa (since 2022)
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Laos
References
External links
GCatholic, with Google photo – data for all sections
Catholic Hierarchy
Champasak Province
Apostolic vicariates
Roman Catholic dioceses in Laos
Religious organizations established in 1967
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
The Stade Bauer (also called the Stade de Paris) is a 10,000-capacity football stadium in Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine in the northern suburbs of Paris. The stadium is mainly used by Red Star F.C. who currently play in Championnat National but have tasted success in the Coupe de France, winning it on five occasions (1921, 1922, 1923, 1928, 1942).
History
It hosted some of the football events for the 1924 Summer Olympics. It also hosted a friendly game between Brazil and Andorra (3–0) right before the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France.
Stade de Paris was also the France national rugby league team's home ground for the 1935, 1936–37, 1938, and 1952–53 European Rugby League Championships.
In recent years the stadium has fallen into disrepair, having been damaged heavily by a storm in 1999, and also suffering from a lack of financial investment since.
In the 2016–2017 season, Red Star F.C. played its home matches at Stade Jean-Bouin as Stade Bauer did not meet the public safety requirements for a French second tier stadium. Since the team's demotion to the Championnat National, the third tier of French football, the club have resumed occupancy of their traditional home ground.
On 18 May 2021, the enclosure was sold by the city of Saint-Ouen-sur-Seine to Groupe Réalités for a makeover. Reconstruction work started and will allow the Bauer Stadium to be in line with sporting ambitions of the Red Star in case of promotion in Ligue 2.
References
External links
1924 Summer Olympics official report. p. 321.
Venues of the 1924 Summer Olympics
Olympic football venues
Football venues in France
Red Star F.C.
Sports venues completed in 1909
Sports venues in Seine-Saint-Denis
1909 establishments in France
Janet Elizabeth Richards (1859–1948) was a writer and lecturer who worked in the Eastern United States in the 19th and 20th centuries.
Biography
Janet Elizabeth Richards was born in Granville, Ohio in 1859. They were educated at Eden Hall Academy of the Sacred Heart, an all-girls boarding school in Torresdale, Pennsylvania. The school was described as archaic and prison-like by memoirist V. V. Harrison.
Richards lectured thousands of times in Eastern US cities on social issues, travel, history, and literature. They were a life member of the National American Woman Suffrage Association and delegate to the organization's annual meeting in Seattle in 1909. They traveled to Amsterdam and Stockholm for conventions of the International Woman Suffrage Alliance. They organized for suffrage in several US states. They advocated for women's involvement in International Arbitration.
Richards was a charter member of the Daughters of the American Revolution. In 1892 they published stories of American women's role in the war, highlighting women who exhorted men in their family to do to their duty even at the cost of their own life. Researcher Simon Wendt characterizes Richards's war stories as promoting the idea of heroism of women by reenforcing stereotypes of masculinity connected to war.
Richards resided at The Olympia in Washington D.C. They died in 1948 and is buried in Mount Olivet Cemetery.
References
1859 births
1948 deaths
People from Granville, Ohio
American women's rights activists
19th-century American women writers
Burials at Mount Olivet Cemetery (Washington, D.C.)
The Les Cheneaux Antique Wooden Boat Show is held in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the city of Hessel, Michigan. Founded in 1978, the event is held every year during the second week of August. The event brings about 8,000 to 10,000 boaters and visitors each year from all over the United States coming together to appreciate antique boats. The boats featured in the event include dinghies, rowboats, canoes, launches, sailboats, utilities, runabouts and large cruisers. On average there are about 150 boat entries each year. Along with the boat show there is The Festival of Arts.
History
The Les Cheneaux Antique Wooden Boat Show was founded in 1978. The boat show was started by the boat owners of Hessel wanting to show off their boats. Mertaugh Boat Works, which is in Hessel, had the first Chris-Craft franchise where the boats were bought for the island properties. Since then, it has grown to be the largest antique wooden boat show in the United States.
Events
The entrance price for adults is $7, children between the ages of 12 to 18 the cost is $3 and there are no admissions for children under the ages of twelve.
The main attraction of the Antique Wooden Boat Show is the viewing of the antique boats. The Awards Ceremony is held at the end of the day where the winners of the show are announced. The other main attraction is the Festival of Arts. The Festival of Arts invites artists and craftspeople to join and sell or display their work, such as paintings, pottery, or anything they wish to bring. On average the Festival of Arts has up to 70 participants.
Voting Directions
The winners of the antique boats are chosen by the visitors attending the event. All votes must be done in person. Each person will be given a booklet when entering with a page to write down the favorite boat of choice. Each boat is given a specific number. On the ballet the number of the boat will be needed and turned it into the designated area. The winners will be announced at the end of the day at the Awards Ceremony.
Transportation
All together the Les Cheneaux Islands are made up of 36 islands. However, only two can be reached by car the rest can be reached by boat. Hessel can be reached by car but taking a boat is another option. The Mackinac Ferry provides transportation from Mackinaw City to Hessel and back.
Sponsors
The Antique Wooden Boat Show is sponsored by the Les Cheneaux Historical Association along with Mertaugh Boat Works, Hessel Harbor Association and Hessel Marina. All of the proceeds go towards the Les Cheneaux Historical Association. The money is used to help maintain the Historical and Maritime Museum, both in Cedarville, Michigan.
References
External links
lchistorical.org
lescheneauxfestivalofarts.org
Boat shows in the United States
Jean-Jacques Kilama (; born October 13, 1985, in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian-born Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Rangers.
Club career
Indonesia
Kilama played in Indonesia before moving to Hong Kong. Then their elder brother, Roger, a player who formerly played for Rangers (HKG) suggested to them to move to Hong Kong and join the Hong Kong First Division club.
Hong Kong
Rangers
Kilama joined Rangers in 2008. Although they had an impressive performance in the first season, Rangers were nevertheless relegated. Therefore, they left the club for Fourway Rangers.
In July 2010, Kilama was selected for the Hong Kong League Selection friendly against Birmingham City at the Hong Kong Stadium.
Sun Hei
In the 2011–12 season, Kilama moved to Sun Hei from Fourway Rangers. On 22 October 2011, Kilama was sent off in the match against Rangers. Coach Ricardo hopes they can learn from this experience. On 7 January 2012, Kilama was sent off and gave away a penalty after elbowing Pegasus defender Lucas. Sun Hei lost the game 1-3.
Eastern
Kilama moved to another Hong Kong Premier League club Eastern.
Tianjin Quanjian
In December 2015, Kilama joined Chinese League One team Tianjin Quanjian, after having two impressive games against China national team for Hong Kong.
Pegasus
On 1 February 2018, Kilama joined Pegasus on a free transfer, returning to Hong Kong following two seasons abroad.
Tai Po
On 6 August 2018, Tai Po announced the singing of Kilama ahead of their preseason training camp.
Rangers
On 16 September 2019, Kilama signed with Rangers, returning to the club after eight years.
On 10 September 2020, Rangers confirmed that Kilama had renewed their contract for another season.
in 20-21 season, Kiki features as the main role of the Ranger's defence and they scored 1 goals in 4 matches before the league was suspended in Sep 2020.
International career
Kilama made their international debut for Hong Kong against Bhutan on 11 June 2015 in a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier.
2009 Hong Kong match fixing scandal
In October 2009, Happy Valley player Yu Yang offered a bribe to Kilama to play an unfair match against Happy Valley. However, Kilama rejected and told this to Rangers chairperson Philip Lee as well as to the Hong Kong Football Association. On 5 May 2010, the ICAC confirmed their account and arrested five Chinese football players, including former Fourway Rangers Yu Yang.
Career statistics
International
Honours
Club
Tianjin Quanjian
China League One: 2016
Tai Po
Hong Kong Premier League: 2018–19
References
External links
Jean-Jacques Kilama at HKFA
1985 births
Living people
Hong Kong footballers
Hong Kong international footballers
Cameroonian footballers
Cameroonian expatriate footballers
Cameroonian expatriate sportspeople in Indonesia
Expatriate footballers in Indonesia
Cameroonian emigrants to Hong Kong
Expatriate footballers in China
Hong Kong expatriates in China
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Hong Kong Premier League players
Hong Kong Rangers FC players
Fourway Athletics players
Sun Hei SC players
Eastern Sports Club footballers
Tianjin Tianhai F.C. players
TSW Pegasus FC players
Tai Po FC players
Association football defenders
Hong Kong expatriate footballers
Hong Kong people of Cameroonian descent
Naturalized footballers of Hong Kong
Hong Kong League XI representative players
The Taoyuan City Council (TYCC; ) is the elected municipal council of Taoyuan City, Republic of China. The council composes of 60 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018.
History
The council was established on 21 January 1951 as Taoyuan County Council. On 25 December 2014, the council was promoted in status to Taoyuan City Council after Taoyuan County becomes a special municipality.
Current composition
Since the local elections in 2014, the council was composed as follows:
Organization
Committees
First Examination Team
Second Examination Team
Third Examination Team
Fourth Examination Team
Fifth Examination Team
Sixth Examination Team
Procedural Examination Team
Discipline Committee
Departments
Agenda Procedure Division
General Affairs Division
Legal Affairs Office
Information and Library Office
Public Relationship Office
Accounting Office
Personnel Office
Speakers
Taoyuan County Council
Tseng Chung-yi (2002-2010)
Chi Yi-sheng (2010-2014)
Taoyuan City Council
Chi Yi-sheng (2014-)
See also
Taoyuan City Government
References
External links
1951 establishments in Taiwan
City councils in Taiwan
Taoyuan District
German submarine U-56 was a Type IIC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine that served in the Second World War. They were built by Deutsche Werke, Kiel as yard number 255. Ordered on 17 June 1937, they were laid down on 21 September, launched on 3 September 1938 and commissioned on 26 November under the command of Kapitänleutnant Wilhelm Zahn.
U-56 was initially assigned to the 5th U-boat Flotilla during their training period, until 31 December 1939, when they were reassigned to the 1st U-boat Flotilla for operations. They carried out twelve war patrols, sinking three ships for a total and one auxiliary warship of ; they also damaged one vessel of .
Design
German Type IIC submarines were enlarged versions of the original Type IIs. U-56 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. Officially, the standard tonnage was , however. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MWM RS 127 S four-stroke, six-cylinder diesel engines of for cruising, two Siemens-Schuckert PG VV 322/36 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-56 was fitted with three torpedo tubes at the bow, five torpedoes or up to twelve Type A torpedo mines, and a anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of 25.
Service history
First and second patrols
U-56s first two patrols, completed during their workup and training period, were relatively uneventful cruises in the North Sea. No ships were attacked during this period.
Third patrol
U-56 started their third patrol on 23 October 1939.
At 10 a.m. on 30 October 1939, U-56 avoids detection by ten British destroyers and battle cruiser Hood, protecting the Home Fleet west of the Orkney Islands and came within striking distance of HMS Nelson and Rodney.
In U-56 Captain Zahn's own account of the events, three cruisers were heading straight toward their U-boat's position, making any attack by them almost impossible, when suddenly they veered by twenty to thirty degrees from their previous course opening the field of attack and bringing them into a direct line of fire with HMS Nelson and HMS Rodney. Rodney was the lead ship of the convoy and Zahn decided to wait until it passed and concentrated their sights on Nelson. The U-boat came within the point-blank range of 800 metres of the ship and Zahn's chances of striking and sinking it were high.
They fired three G7e(TII) torpedoes from U-56's three torpedo tubes toward the flagship. No detonations occurred but two torpedoes allegedly struck the hull of the Nelson: one of the sonar operators of U-56 claimed to have heard sound of impact with Nelson's hull. The third torpedo subsequently exploded at sea without causing damage.
The incident has been described as the "most important non-sinking" of the conflict. After the attack Zahn became widely known as the "Man who almost killed Churchill" amongst the U-boat submariner corps. It is often claimed that First Lord of the Admiralty Winston Churchill, Admiral of the Fleet Sir Charles Forbes, and admiral Sir Dudley Pound who was the First Sea Lord at the time were on board HMS Nelson. However, Nelson's ship log point to them visiting HMS Nelson on Greenock on 31 October 1939. Still, some Internet sources claim Churchill was on board HMS Nelson.
After the attack Zahn ordered the U-boat to descend to a deeper level to avoid depth charges, since the destroyers had by now detected its presence. In the evening Zahn ordered U-56 to surface and subsequently sent a radio report to Berlin listing the targets in the group including HMS Rodney. The delay in the transmission of the information was caused by Zahn's depression caused by missing their target. Had this delay in Zahn's report not happened, the German command could have sent U-58, which was in the area at the time, to renew the attack on the British targets.
Because of their failure to destroy the Nelson, Zahn became depressed and Karl Dönitz felt obliged to relieve them of their U-56 command and sent them back to Germany to become an instructor. Later, in their memoirs, Dönitz called the failed attack by U-56 "an exceptionally serious failure" but did not blame Zahn whose daring, in the presence of the destroyers, they praised, saying "The commander who had delivered the attack with great daring when surrounded by twelve escorting destroyers, was so depressed by this failure, in which they were in no way to blame, that I felt compelled to withdraw them for the time being from active operations and employ them as an instructor at home". In addition Dönitz had received reports from their men concerning problems with the defective G7e torpedoes that they were using and knew that the failures were caused by the faulty torpedoes. Zahn eventually recovered and later that year was given command of U-69.
U-56 ended their third patrol arriving at Kiel, on 13 November 1939.
Fourth patrol
The submarine's luck changed for the better on their fourth foray. They damaged Eskdene on 2 December 1939, northeast of the Tyne. The following day, they sank Rudolf east of May Island (in the mouth of the Firth of Forth).
Fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth and ninth patrols
The fifth patrol was also uneventful and took the boat into the southern North Sea.
Patrol numbers six and seven were both more of the same.
The boat's eighth sortie ranged far and wide; across the North Sea to the Scottish west coast, north of Shetland, then the other side of the North Sea to the coast of Norway, but further success continued to elude them
Them ninth effort was to the north of the Hebrides and again round the Shetland Islands.
Tenth patrol
U-56s tenth patrol took them to the newly captured port of Lorient on the French Atlantic coast. They departed Wilhelmshaven on 29 June 1940; their route was to the west of Ireland, culminating in their arrival on 21 July.
11th patrol
They were near Ireland once more when they sank the Boma on 5 August 1940 northwest of Malin Head.
In a similar location, they sank the armed merchant cruiser northwest of Malin Head on 10 August.
12th patrol
U-56 was attacked by the British submarine about northeast of St Kilda on 6 September. All the torpedoes missed; the Germans were unaware of the situation. The boat was on their way, via the gap between the Faroe and Shetland Islands, back to Germany. They arrived in Kiel on 15 September.
Fate
Whilst in Kiel on 3 April 1945, U-56 was badly damaged in a US air raid and subsequently decommissioned. They were then scuttled by their crew on 3 May 1945 in position . Soon after the war ended the wreck was raised and broken up.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
1938 ships
German Type II submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1938
World War II submarines of Germany
Ships built in Kiel
Maritime incidents in April 1945
Operation Regenbogen (U-boat)
Dąbrowa is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Hrubieszów and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 188.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
This is an incomplete list of ambassadors from Germany to France.
Diplomatic missions
In 1874, the Embassy in Paris was one of only four Germany embassies alongside London, Saint Petersburg, and Vienna, Today, of 226 diplomatic missions abroad, Germany has five diplomatic and consular missions in France. The German Embassy is in Paris. In 1961, France returned the Hôtel de Beauharnais, the former German embassy in Paris which had been expropriated by France at the end of World War II, as a gesture of solidarity between the two nations. Additionally, there are four consulates-general in Bordeaux, Lyon, Marseille and Strasbourg.
The Hôtel de Beauharnais in the 7th arrondissement of Paris serves as the official residence of the German Ambassador to France.
Ambassadors
Ambassadors of the German Empire
1871–1873: Harry von Arnim
1874–1885: Chlodwig, Prince of Hohenlohe-Schillingsfürst
1885–1900: Georg Herbert Münster
1900–1910: Hugo von Radolin
1910–1914: Wilhelm von Schoen
Ambassadors of the Weimar Republic
1920–1923: Wilhelm Mayer
1924–1932: Leopold von Hoesch
Ambassadors of Nazi Germany
1933–1935: Roland Köster
1936–1939: Johannes von Welczeck
1940–1944: Otto Abetz
Ambassadors of the German Democratic Republic
1956–1962: Herbert Merkel
1962–1962: Herbert Schulze
1963–1967: Willi Diebenkorn
1967–1973: Gerhard Schramm
1973–1974: Gerhard Schramm
1974–1976: Ernst Scholz
1976–1984: Werner Fleck
1984–1990: Alfred Marter
Ambassadors of the Federal Republic of Germany
West Germany
1950–1955: Wilhelm Hausenstein
1955–1958: Vollrath von Maltzan
1963–1965: Herbert Blankenhorn
1965–1968: Manfred Klaiber
1968–1970: Sigismund von Braun
1970–1972: Hans Hellmuth Ruete
1972–1976: Sigismund von Braun
1976–1983: Axel Herbst
1983–1987: Franz Jochen Schoeller
1987–1991: Franz Pfeffer
Post-German reunification
1991–1995: Jürgen Sudhoff
1995–1998: Immo Stabreit
1998–2000: Peter Hartmann
2000–2004: Fritjof von Nordenskjöld
2004–2007: Klaus Neubert
2007–2008: Peter Ammon
2008–2012: Reinhard Schäfers
2012–2015: Susanne Wasum-Rainer
2015–2020: Nikolaus Meyer-Landrut
2020–date: Hans-Dieter Lucas
Envoys from the German States (before 1871)
Baden envoys
1791: Establishment of diplomatic relations
1713–1734: Johann Rudolf Fäsch
1761–1762: Ulrich von Thun
1772–1781: Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours
1781–1782: Giorgio di Santi
1783–1789: Pierre Samuel du Pont de Nemours
1789–1803:
1803–1809: Emmerich Joseph von Dalberg
1810–1831: Johann Baptist von Pfirdt
1831–1843: Christian Friedrich Gerstlacher
1843–1846: Franz Xaver von Andlaw-Birseck
1846–1871: Ferdinand Allesina von Schweitzer
Bavarian envoys
Envoys from the Electorate of Bavaria
1666: Establishment of diplomatic relations
1733–1736: Louis Joseph d'Albert de Luynes von Grimbergen
1737–1741: Ignaz von Törring
1741–1742: Louis Joseph d'Albert de Luynes von Grimbergen
1742–1743: von Spon
1743–1745: Joseph Piosasque de Non
1745–1747: Louis Joseph d'Albert de Luynes von Grimbergen
1747–1755:
1755–1777: Maximilian von Eyck
1778–1787: Karl Heinrich Joseph von Sickingen
1787–1799: Vacant
1799–1805: Anton von Cetto
Envoys of the Kingdom of Bavaria
1806–1813: Anton von Cetto
1813-1817: No relations
1817–1821: Wilibald von Rechberg and Rothenlöwen
1821-1823: Vacant
1823–1827: Franz Gabriel von Bray-Steinburg
1827–1834: Christian Hubert von Pfeffel
1835–1839: Franz Oliver von Jenison-Walworth
1840–1846: Friedrich von Luxburg
1846–1847: Ludwig von Oettingen-Wallerstein
1847-1850: Vacant
1850–1866: August von Wendland
1866–1868: Maximilian Joseph Pergler von Perglas
1868–1871: Friedrich von Quadt zu Wykradt und Isny
1871–1877: Gideon von Rudhart
1877–1889: Johann von Reither
1889–1896: Heinrich Tucher von Simmelsdorf
1896–1903: Rudolph von und zu der Tann-Rathsamhausen
1903–1903: Georg von und zu Guttenberg
1903–1906: Karl Moy de Sons
1906–1909: Friedrich von Ortenburg
1909–1914: Lothar von Ritter zu Groenesteyn
1914: End of diplomatic relations
Hanseatic envoys
1689–1717: Christophle Brosseau
1717–1727: Jacques de Cagny
1727–1729: Antoine Poille
1730–1776: Luc Courchetet d'Esnans
1776–1785: Louis d'Hugie
1785–1786: Jean Diodati
1786–1793: Michel-Alexis Fauvet de La Flotte
1795–1803: Friedrich Joachim Schlüter
1803–1810: Konrad Christoph Abel
1810–1814: No relations while the Hanseatic cities belonged to the Holy Roman Empire.
1814–1823: Konrad Christoph Abel
1824–1864: Vincent Rumpff
1864–1870: Hermann von Heeren
Prussian envoys
Envoys from the Elector of Brandenburg
1648: Establishment of diplomatic relations
1626–1649: Abraham de Wicquefort
1658: Christoph von Brandt
Ambassadors of the King of Prussia
1716–1717: Adam Otto von Viereck
1717–1719: Friedrich Ernst zu Innhausen und Knyphausen
1721–1751: Jean de Chambrier
1751–1754: George Keith
1754–1756: Dodo Heinrich zu Innhausen und Knyphausen
1756–1763: None due to the Seven Years' War
1768–1792: Wilhelm Bernhard von der Goltz
1792: Break in relations due to French Revolutionary Wars
1815–1822: Karl von der Goltz
1824–1837: Heinrich von Werther
1841–1845: Heinrich Friedrich von Arnim
1846–1848: Heinrich Alexander von Arnim
1849–1859: Maximilian von Hatzfeldt-Trachenberg
1859–1861: Albert von Pourtalès
1862–1862: Otto von Bismarck
1862–1868: Robert Heinrich Ludwig von der Goltz
Ambassadors of the North German Confederation
1868–1869: Robert von der Goltz
1869–1870: Karl von Werther
Saxon envoys
Envoys from the Electorate of Saxony
1664: Establishment of diplomatic relations
1709–1720: Burchard von Suhm
1720–1729: Carl Heinrich von Hoym
1729–1734: Samuel de Brais
1735–1737: Vacant
1737–1741: Samuel de Brais
1741–1753: Johann Adolph von Loß
1753–1754: Samuel Gottfried Spinnhirn
1754–1755: Claude Marie Noyel Bellegarde d'Entremont
1755–1757: Ludwig Siegfried Vitzthum von Eckstädt
1757–1768: Kaspar Franz von Fontenay
1768–1770:
1770–1772: Johann Georg Heinrich von Werthern
Envoys from the Kingdom of Saxony
1815–1827: Carl Emil von Üchtritz
1827–1828: Georg Rudolf von Gersdorff
1828–1849: Hans Heinrich von Könneritz
1850–1852: Karl Adolf von Hohenthal-Knauthain
1853–1870: Albin Leo von Seebach
1870–1871: Vacant
Württemberg envoys
1650: Establishment of diplomatic relations
1814–1815: Ferdinand Ludwig von Zeppelin
1815–1817: R. von Schwarz
1817–1820: Peter von Gallatin
1821–1838: Bernhard von Mülinen
1838–1849: Christian Wilhelm August von Fleischmann
1849–1850: Vacant
1850–1871: August von Wächter
See also
France–Germany relations
Lists of ambassadors of Germany
References
France
Germany
Asa Eldridge (1809–1856) was a sea captain from Yarmouth, Massachusetts. In 1854, Captain Eldridge guided the clipper ship Red Jacket from New York and to Liverpool in only in 13 days, 1 hour, and 25 minutes, dock to dock, setting a speed record for the fastest trans-Atlantic crossing by a commercial sailing vessel that has remained unbroken ever since. In 1856, Captain Eldridge skippered the ill-fated steamship SS Pacific, which disappeared at sea on a voyage from Liverpool to New York.
Eldridge is also known for having captained Cornelius Vanderbilt's private steam-powered yacht, the North Star, when the tycoon took a small group of family and friends on a summer-long cruise around Europe in 1853, and for their prior command of the packet ship Roscius in E.K. Collins' Dramatic Line.
Contemporary Account
Charles Francis Swift says of Eldridge:
More Recent and Extensive Account
Recent research has revealed many additional details about Asa Eldridge's career, including an earlier record-setting voyage two decades before their more famous feat on the Red Jacket. That earlier record came in 1833 on the ship America, which Eldridge took from Boston to Calcutta in 89 days – a time that remained unbeaten for the next two decades, and was then only bettered by one of the new generation of clipper ships. The new research also identified a number of other vessels that Eldridge commanded during their career that had not previously been linked with him. These include three sailing ships that they took to the Far East in the 1830s; another that they sailed around the "cotton triangle" in the early 1840s; a second Dramatic Liner, in addition to the Roscius long associated with him; and two early transatlantic steamships. Eldridge's close connection to the first of those steamships appears to have been the circumstance that introduced them to Cornelius Vanderbilt, and in turn to their appointment as commander of the North Star.
References
1809 births
1850s missing person cases
1856 deaths
American sailors
People from Yarmouth, Massachusetts
People who died at sea
Sea captains
Stephen Cornelius Roberts (born 1952) is an American painter best known for their painting series of eight murals in the Memorial Chamber of the Nebraska State Capitol.
Life and career
Stephen Cornelius Roberts was born in Omaha, Nebraska in 1952. Roberts' original focus was as a serious musician and went to California to pursue a recording contract with a friend. In 1979 they switched their attention to art as their professional direction. Roberts graduated from the University of Nebraska at Omaha, with a Bachelor of Fine Art degree in painting (under painter Peter Hill) in 1976.
Roberts became a full-time artist in 1979. In 1981, with advice and encouragement from Ivan Karp, they went to New York City to find a gallery and was accepted into a small gallery at the time. By October 1990, Roberts was represented by the Allan Stone Gallery in New York City (the gallery of artists such as Wayne Thiebaud, Richard Estes, and William Beckman). In February 1991, Allan Stone said of Roberts, ″I see a lot of figure painting. I think they [Roberts] is especially talented. Besides a strong technical facility, Roberts brings an essential sense of theatricality to their paintings as well as that elusive 'X quality' necessary to their success.″
Roberts' main subject matter is the human figure in narrative and portrait form. The figures in their paintings and drawings are typically life size or larger, some reaching 12 feet in height. Roberts' artwork has been exhibited throughout the country including Tête-À-Tête: Portraits In Dialogue at Allan Stone Projects, New York, NY; The Body Revealed: 200 Years of the American Nude, New Britain Museum of Art, New Britain, CT; The Perception of Appearance: A Decade of Contemporary American Figure Drawing, Frye Art Museum, Seattle, WA and Disrobed at Allan Stone Projects, New York, NY.
Influences and process
Roberts' artistic influences are mostly from Greek and Roman Art and traditional European painting from the Renaissance onward. They work mainly from photographic references, but they do not grid or project them. They spend much of their time freehand drawing in the process of doing their paintings. Roberts' painting process requires many thin layers of paint in order to achieve the desired effects and the work develops over months and sometimes years until completion. In their drawings they also spend much of the time layering. They usually use pastel or conte with white highlights and works them up much like their paintings.
Nebraska State Capitol
In 1990, the Nebraska Capitol Mural Commission invited Roberts to participate in a mural competition for eight panels in the Nebraska State Capitol's Memorial Chamber on the 14th floor. Roberts competed against Vincent Desiderio of New York, Sidney Goodman of Philadelphia, and Jerome Witkin of New York. The commission awarded Roberts the eight-mural project on February 20, 1991. The State of Nebraska dedicated the murals on Veterans Day, November 11, 1996, and Roberts completed touch-ups in 1997.
The whole process was documented in a one-hour Nebraska Educational Telecommunications documentary entitled "Capitol Murals."
Public Commissions by Roberts
Nebraska State Capitol, Memorial Chamber
The Ideal of International Law (1996)
The Perils of Fire (1996)
The Ideal of Freedom (1996)
The Scourge of Poverty (1996)
The Ideal of Universal Peace (1996)
The Scourge of Plague (1996)
The Ideal of Self-Determination (1996)
The Scourge of Famine (1996)
Norfolk Veterans' Homes, Norfolk, Nebraska
Veterans' Home mural (2001)
University of Nebraska-Lincoln, Othmer Hall
Donald Othmer (2002)
University of Nebraska Medical Center, Sorrell Center
The Physician (2008)
References
External links
http://www.stephencorneliusroberts.com
https://mona.unk.edu/collection/robste1.shtml
http://capitol.nebraska.gov/building/rooms/memorial-chamber/
http://www.allanstoneprojects.com
20th-century American painters
20th-century American male artists
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
American contemporary painters
American realist painters
Artists from Omaha, Nebraska
University of Nebraska Omaha alumni
1952 births
Living people
The Balmi River ( or simply Balmi) is a river in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county, Norway. It flows about from one lake and empties into another: from Kjelvatnet ( or Giebnejávri) at an elevation of north to Langvatnet at an elevation of . The river has a drainage basin of . The river is located a short distance south of the village of Sulitjelma and about southeast of the Fauske.
The Fagerli and Daja hydroelectric power stations, operated by Salten Kraftsamband, are located on the river.
References
Fauske
Rivers of Nordland
Rivers of Norway
Tiemonium iodide is an antimuscarinic. It is poorly absorbed from the gut. The active moiety is tiemonium, a quaternary ammonium cation.
References
Muscarinic antagonists
Quaternary ammonium compounds
Thiophenes
Morpholines
Iodides
Tertiary alcohols
Camperdown Signal Station, also known as Camperdown Hill, is significant in Nova Scotia communication history. Overlooking the entrance to Halifax Harbour made it a strategic part of Halifax's defence system in the 18th century. The hill has been used as a customs lookout, signal and telegraph station, observation post and redoubt commanding the Citadel Hill defence complex. The Camperdown Signal Station was built a few miles northward next to nearby Portuguese Cove in 1797, the first of a series of signal stations built by Prince Edward, Duke of Kent. It later became a wireless station and was operational until 1925. The military took over operating the station and it became known as VCS from 1935 until 1970.
History
The station was put in service during the American Revolution, around 1776. It was operated by members of the Army until 1923, after which service was provided by a few civilian signalmen until 1953. This signal building was torn down and replaced by the Port War Signal Station in 1941. The Port War Signal Station was operated by naval signalmen until turned back to the civilian signalmen in 1945.
Operating position Camperdown Radio 1950's. The main receiver was an RCA AR88, A Canadian Marconi CSR5 receiver with a Philips BX925. The transmitters at this station were LCS5 and a Canadian Marconi Company LTT4. The hand key was used for the continental code over the radio. A semi-automatic key and telegraph landline sounder for the American or Morse Code (a faster code) was also used in the station at this time.
The first Radio Direction Finding Station in Canada opened at the site in 1917 with call sign VAV. The Marconi Company closed Camperdown VCS in 1926. The service provided by the VCS station was moved to VAV at that time. This combined service from VAV was from 1926 until 1935.
The Dominion Government Steamer (DGS) 'Canada' was the first ship to contact the Camperdown Wireless Station, on June 19, 1905. They were one of the first three Canadian ships fitted with wireless in 1904. Them wireless call sign was CT then MCT and then VDC.
Station Operators
Thomas Raddall was a Canadian writer of history and historical fiction.
Equipment
In 1921 the equipment at Camperdown VCS consisted of a 2 kilowatt, nonasynchronous disc, 60-cycle Marconi coast station spark transmitter. This received its power from a generator driven by a 6 HP Fairbanks Morse 2-type engine. Also, a 1⁄4 kilowatt asynchronous disc 500-cycle Marconi cabinet type spark set, powered by a battery which was kept charged from a 1-1/2 HP engine and generator. The main receiver was a Marconi crystal type 2846A. A magnetic detector (ancestor of the wire recorder) formed part of an auxiliary receiver. The aerial was a four-wire umbrella suspended from a 180-foot mast.
References
Halifax, Nova Scotia
Kamangar Kola (, also Romanized as Kamāngar Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2018 census, its population is 2556, in 853 families.
Kamgorkala is like a small town with many amenities including a health center and a hospital, three bakeries, two cemeteries, a football field and a volleyball court, 15 supermarkets, 3 butchers, 4 taxis, and 8 rivers inside the village, There are 450 hectares of agricultural land, 16 livestock breeding cattle, sheep, horses, as well as 8 breeding poultry broilers and laying hens, two large mosques and sacred sites and gills.
Responsible for all tasks, activities and follow-up of the village by the village monitors that responsibility from 2009 till 2013 by the hossein namdar, from 2013 till 2017 by the Hassan Ismail and from 2017 by the Gholamreza Zabihi is a full Struggling and energetic person.
References
Populated places in Amol County
A horse community or equestrian community is a planned real estate development or community where people live with their horses on their property or at a facility within the rural or suburban development, with a shared trails network for pleasure riding. There are usually a number of deeded restrictions that can include specific rules concerning the use of the property, deeded community horse trails, the number of horses allowed per lot, and restrictions on commercial use of the horse trails. Many of these communities are gated and/or guarded, implying wealthy residents, but not all are. These equestrian communities sometimes have a centralized barn with arenas where all of the horses are stalled, but otherwise the horses are kept on the individual property owners' lots. In the United States, these communities are located throughout the country and are diverse in both price and size. These communities appear to be growing in popularity as the availability of riding trails decreases and urban sprawl increases.
Developments
Equestrian Communities are platted housing developments that include amenities suited for horse boarding and riding. Since the mid-1970s, this particular sector of amenity community development has become an increasing trend. This study was designed to take a look at the way these communities are designed; where they are located; how they are managed; and, to whom they are marketed. Designing equestrian communities requires knowledge of how these communities are designed, where the land comes from, why people are buying into them and who those people are. Case study methodology was used to gather data on 22 communities across the US. Data sources included review of the marketing websites belonging to the communities; a literature review; and, interviews conducted with individuals responsible for the design and sales of the communities' lots or the management of the equestrian facilities. Statistics and images of the communities, including plats where available, were compiled into community "cut sheets" which are single-page synopses of each community. Master's thesis.
Equestrian market
The American Horse Council Federation recently commissioned a study on the horse industry. They have concluded that as much as $102 billion are either directly or indirectly contributed to the American economy with over 2 million horse owners throughout the country. There are horses in every state, even Hawaii, which has an equine population of 8,037. California (698,345 horses), Texas (978,822) and Florida are the three largest populations for horses.
Horse properties are in a niche real estate market devoted to serving the interests of horse riders. Horse properties tend to be near horse riding stables or near to good locations for horse riding. Owners benefit from proximity to neighbors with equestrian interests, equestrian facilities such as tack shops, veterinarians, and farriers, as well as riding trails and tracks.
References
See also
Equestrianism
Horse management
Equestrianism
Planned residential developments
Types of communities
Luxury real estate
Ruslan Anvarovich Yunusov (; born 16 May 1999) is a Russian football player. They also hold Tajikistani citizenship.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Football National League for FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye on 16 August 2020 in a game against PFC Krylia Sovetov Samara.
References
External links
Profile by Russian Football National League
1999 births
Sportspeople from Krasnoyarsk
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk players
FC Irtysh Omsk players
FC Chayka Peschanokopskoye players
FC Chita players
The United States national professional ballroom dance champions are crowned at the United States Dance Championships (formerly United States DanceSport Championships, USDSC, and United States Ballroom Championships, USBC), as recognized by the National Dance Council of America (NDCA) and the World Dance & DanceSport Council (WD&DSC).
The American Smooth division consists of American-style waltz, tango, foxtrot, and Viennese waltz.
U.S. National Champions
See also
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Standard)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Latin)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional Rhythm)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 10-Dance)
U.S. National Dancesport Champions (Professional 9-Dance)
Dancesport World Champions (smooth)
References
External links
Video clip: 2000 Smooth Ballroom Dance Championships
United States Dance Sport Championships (USDSC)
National Dance Council of America (NDCA)
Dancesport Competitions
Dancesport Info
Dancesport in the United States
Esteban Orozco Fernández (born Esteban Obiang Obono on 7 May 1998), commonly known as Esteban Obiang or simply Esteban, is a professional footballer who plays as a right back for Romanian Liga I club Chindia Târgoviște. Born in Spain, they represent the Equatorial Guinea national team.
 They are registered in the Spanish football competitions with the surname Orozco Fernández, from their Spanish adoptive parents, instead of their original ones, Obiang Obono.
Early life
Esteban was born in Zaragoza. Their biological mother died from complications during their birth. Then, their grandmother and their aunt took care of him. When they were only 22 months old, they were adopted by a Spanish family from Utrera, where they would spend most of their life. They consider themselves as a person from Utrera.
Club career
Esteban made their senior debut with CD Utrera on 7 February 2016, in a 1–1 away tie against CD Alcalá. They finished that season having played a total of 7 Tercera División matches. Then, they moved to the youth team of Real Betis Balompié.
Esteban was renewed by Betis and promoted to its reserve team. They made their Segunda División B debut on 25 November 2017, in a 1–4 away win against FC Cartagena. On 25 January 2018, they returned to Utrera, loaned by Betis.
International career
Esteban made their international debut for Equatorial Guinea on 9 October 2017, in a 3–1 victory over Mauritius in a friendly match. They came on as a second-half substitute for Diosdado Mbele. On 16 January 2022, they help their national team to defeat Algeria during the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations by scoring the lone goal of the match.
International goals
Scores and results list Equatorial Guinea's goal tally first.
Career statistics
International
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Citizens of Equatorial Guinea through descent
Equatoguinean footballers
Association football central defenders
Association football fullbacks
AFC Chindia Târgoviște players
Equatorial Guinea international footballers
2021 Africa Cup of Nations players
Equatoguinean expatriate footballers
Equatoguinean expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Expatriate footballers in Romania
Footballers from Zaragoza
Adoptees
People from Utrera
Sportspeople from the Province of Seville
Footballers from Andalusia
Spanish footballers
CD Utrera players
Betis Deportivo Balompié footballers
CF Sant Rafel players
UD Ibiza players
Antequera CF footballers
Tercera División players
Segunda División B players
Segunda Federación players
Liga I players
Spanish expatriate footballers
Spanish expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Spanish sportspeople of Equatoguinean descent
Freddy Suárez (born 20 October 1971) is a Cuban handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1971 births
Living people
Cuban male handball players
Olympic handball players of Cuba
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games gold medalists for Cuba
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Handball players at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1991 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Jones County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census the population was 20,646. The county seat is Anamosa. The county was founded in 1837 and named after George Wallace Jones, a United States senator and member of Congress.
Jones County is included in the Cedar Rapids Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 151
Iowa Highway 1
Iowa Highway 38
Iowa Highway 64
Iowa Highway 136
Airport
Monticello Regional Airport (MXO) serves the county and surrounding communities.
Adjacent counties
Delaware County (northwest)
Dubuque County (northeast)
Jackson County (east)
Clinton County (southeast)
Cedar County (south)
Linn County (west)
Parks
Wapsipinicon State Park - Anamosa
Central Park
Pictured Rocks County Park
Wapsipinicon State Park – This 400-acre park includes hiking, climbing, nature study, fishing in the Wapsipinicon River, modern camping, picnicking and golf. The park is covered with vegetation and trees, and hik¬ing reveals a multitude of flowers and wildlife. A road makes a complete circle of the park, winding between the river and bluffs, where the view is great. Included along the drive is a trip through the oldest plant¬ing of white pine in Iowa. There are also several caves such as Horse Thief Cave and Ice Cave. The Wapsi has long been famous for its channel and flathead catfish, as well as spring crappies and bullheads, especially below the dam at the park's entrance. Bass, walleye and northern also inhabit the waters. Of the 30 campsites, 15 have electricity. Running water and hot showers are available for modern camping, and mushroom hunting is allowed. Wapsipinicon Country Club maintains a nine-hole golf course in the park. The park has two lodges – one heated and one for summer use – that are available upon reservation with the park ranger. For more information, call 319-462-2761. For information about golfing, call the Wapsipinicon Country Club at 319-462-3930.
Central Park: This 217-acre park is located four miles southeast of Amber off County Roads X44 and E29 and Central Park Road. Campsites and the park's 25-acre lake are the main draws to Central Park. Campsites range from primitive to full hook-up. Central Parks other amenities include a swimming beach, sand volleyball area, horseshoe pits, playground, boat ramp, hiking trails, rental pavilions, handicapped-accessible fishing pier, picnic areas, rental cabins and a nature center. The Central Park Nature Center is open 1-5 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays, Memorial Day through Labor Day weekend.
Pictured Rocks Park – Located south of Monticello off Highway 38, this park offers hiking, climbing and access to the Maquoketa River. Picnic shelters, restrooms, playground equipment, and a boat ramp are available.
Whitewater Canyon – Known for its beauty, the Whitewater Canyon area totals 562 acres of timber, restored prairie, and riverine habitat. Public hunting and fishing are allowed, and mowed hiking trails provide year-round recreational opportunities. This area is located east of Cascade on Highway 151, and south on Curoe Road.
Mon-Maq Dam – Located one mile northeast of Monticello along the Maquoketa River, this river access includes 63 acres of riverine habitat. Known for its fishing holes, the Mon-Maq Dam area provides fishing fun for local anglers. Sandy areas downstream from the dam serve as put-in sites for canoeists and kayakers.
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 20,646 in the county, with a population density of . 96.76% of the population reported being of one race. 90.80% were non-Hispanic White, 2.14% were Black, 2.41% were Hispanic, 0.26% were Native American, 0.29% were Asian, 0.01% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.10% were some other race or more than one race. There were 8,871 housing units, of which 8,113 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 20,638 in the county, with a population density of . There were 8,911 housing units, of which 8,151 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,221 people, 7,560 households, and 5,299 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 8,126 housing units at an average density of 14 per square mile (5/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.68% White, 1.79% Black or African American, 0.32% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.23% from other races, and 0.78% from two or more races. 1.05% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,560 households, out of which 31.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 59.00% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.90% were non-families. 25.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 12.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.95.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.10% under the age of 18, 7.90% from 18 to 24, 29.00% from 25 to 44, 23.30% from 45 to 64, and 15.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 109.30 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 111.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,449, and the median income for a family was $44,269. Males had a median income of $31,039 versus $22,075 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,816. About 6.20% of families and 8.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.80% of those under age 18 and 10.20% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Anamosa
Cascade
Martelle
Monticello
Morley
Olin
Onslow
Oxford Junction
Wyoming
Census-designated places
Center Junction
Stone City
Other unincorporated communities
Canton (partial)
Center Junction
Fairview
Langworthy
Oxford Mills
Townships
Cass
Castle Grove
Clay
Fairview
Greenfield
Hale
Jackson
Lovell
Madison
Monticello
Oxford
Richland
Rome
Scotch Grove
Washington
Wayne
Wyoming
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Jones County.
† county seat
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Jones County, Iowa
References
Further reading
History of Jones County, Iowa, past and present - Vol 1; R.M. Corbit; S. J. Clarke Publishing; 1910 (update of 1871 issue).
History of Jones County, Iowa, past and present - Vol 2; R.M. Corbit; S. J. Clarke Publishing; 1871.
External links
Jones County government's website
Jones County Genealogy Iowa GenWeb website
1837 establishments in Wisconsin Territory
Populated places established in 1837
Cedar Rapids, Iowa metropolitan area
Aleksandria Niedziałowska is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 170.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Bazdad is a town in the Awaran District of Balochistan province, Pakistan. It is located at 26°20'59N 65°3'2E and has an altitude of 531 metres (1745 feet).
References
Populated places in Awaran District
rte cok ii
Jason DiSalvo is an American former professional Grand Prix motorcycle racer. They were the planned rider of the Castrol Rocket streamliner built to challenge the motorcycle land speed record, before being replaced by Guy Martin.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
American motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
250cc World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
People from Stafford, New York
Vapor degreasing is a surface finishing process. It involves solvents in vapor form to cleanse the workpiece in preparation for further finishing operations.
Process
The acting principle behind the vapor degreaser process is that the solvents will dissolve the contaminants on the workpiece and remove them by dripping off the part. A basin of solvent is set up with a heating coil to bring the solvent to boil. As the solvent evaporates it rises to the fill-line in the chamber, above which is air with a much lower density than the solvent. This contains the vaporized solvent in a closed space where the workpiece is placed. The solvent condenses on the more frigid workpiece and the now liquid solvent dissolves the greases on the part. With the impurities contained in the liquid beads, the solvent runs off the part. Some systems are designed to capture and reclaim this solvent, making the process much more economical.
Other adaptations to the simple system include:
Several tanks for solvents and rinsing
Having a solvent spray to coat the workpiece prior to entry into the chamber to speed up the process and to allow for more complex parts to be cleaned. The spray must be below the vapor line.
Vacuum degreasers
Benefits
n-propyl bromide (nPB) based solvents for vapor degreasing, in comparison to other solvents for vapor degreasing, are environmentally friendly. nPB solvents are non flammable (no flashpoint), non chlorinated, U.S. EPA SNAP approved, non hazardous waste (per U.S. Department of Transportation), and non ozone layer depleting. However, "Exposure to 1-BP can cause irritation (for example, of the eyes, mucous membranes, upper airways and skin) and can damage the nervous system. Neurologic effects can appear as headaches, dizziness, loss of consciousness, slurred speech, confusion, difficulty walking, muscle twitching, and/or loss of feeling in arms and legs."
Can be used on electronic parts to remove excess oil, grease, wax and other non-water soluble particles because water is not used.
Used where water-based system are impractical.
Cleans and prepares part surfaces for various finishing processes like painting, welding, soldering, and bonding.
Issues of part oxidation and water spots are not present.
With vacuum degreasers, there is no solvent emitted. However they have a high cost and low production rate.
References
Metalworking
Busówno-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbica, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Wierzbica, north-west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The Lumber River, sometimes referred to as the Lumbee River, is a river in south-central North Carolina in the flat Coastal Plain. European settlers first called the river Drowning Creek, which is the name of its headwater. The waterway known as the Lumber River extends downstream from the Scotland County-Hoke County border to the North Carolina-South Carolina border. Soon after crossing into South Carolina, the Lumber River flows into the Little Pee Dee River, which flows into the Pee Dee River, or Great Pee Dee River. Finally, the combined waters flow into Winyah Bay and the Atlantic Ocean.
In 1989, the river was designated as a "Natural and Scenic River" by the North Carolina General Assembly. In addition, it is the only blackwater river in North Carolina to be designated as a National Wild and Scenic River by the Department of the Interior. In 2010, the Lumber River was voted one of North Carolina's Ten Natural Wonders, the result of an on-line contest held by Land for Tomorrow, a coalition dedicated to supporting the preservation of North Carolina's land and water resources.
History
Ancient indigenous peoples
Evidence from archeological excavations along the Lumber River has shown that successive cultures of indigenous Native Americans inhabited this area for thousands of years. A number of archaeological sites have been excavated on high ground along the river. While many have been disturbed by the agricultural practices of the post-Columbian era, numerous artifacts and some fossils have been recovered. These include a dugout canoe made by indigenous people and estimated to be over 1,025 years old. This ancient canoe is on display at the Native American Resource Center at the University of North Carolina at Pembroke.
Much of the archaeological work in the Lumber River region has been done in Robeson County. A total of 429 archaeological sites have been recorded in this area. The sites contain components from various archaeological periods: Paleo-Indian, Archaic Woodland, Mississippian and Historic (after European encounter).
Iroquoian, Siouan, and Carolina Algonquian-speaking peoples were among the historic tribes who lived in the coastal and inland region prior to European encounter. Archeologists have identified 47 sites of potential importance, 20 of which are eligible for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places.
Eighteenth century
Early English surveyors named the river "Drowning Creek." In 1749, British colonial records identified the river as a branch of the Little Pee Dee River. In 1809, the North Carolina state legislature changed the name of the river to Lumber, most likely to symbolize the thriving lumber industry in the area, and its use of the river for transporting logs. They wanted a name more positive than Drowning Creek.
Nineteenth century
In the late 18th and the 19th centuries, the lumbering and naval stores industries were critical to the region's economy. The Lumber River became a vital route for transporting 100-foot logs downriver to the seaport of Georgetown, South Carolina. Lumberton, North Carolina was important for the timber industry and associated production of turpentine. The visible remaining bridge abutments, tram bridges, and dock pilings are reminders of the critical importance of lumbering and naval stores industries to the area as a whole.
Recreation
In the 21st century, the Lumber River is a highly prized recreation corridor in North Carolina. Active outdoor recreation and festivals are among the most popular activities, including canoeing, boating, fishing, hunting, picnicking, camping, nature study, swimming, biking, jogging, crafts, and fossil and artifact hunting.
Lumber River State Park
The Lumber and some of its adjoining banks are part of the Lumber River State Park, which comprises 9,874 acres of land and 115 miles of waterway. The park's recreational activities are currently at Princess Ann Access in the south and the Chalk Banks access to the north (near the town of Wagram).
There are 24 boat launches along the Lumber River that serve as access points to Lumber River State Park. The entire length of the river is open to fishing. The common game fish are black crappie, largemouth bass, catfish and redbreast sunfish. All anglers must have a valid fishing license and follow the regulations of the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission. Nine primitive camping sites are located at the Princess Ann section of the park, between Orrum and Fair Bluff. These campsites are meant to be used by no more than 6 people at a time. Each camp site features, a picnic table and grill, lantern holder, trash can, and fire ring. There are several hiking trails and picnic areas at Princess Ann as well as the many municipal and county parks that are located on the Lumber River.
Fourteen individual campsites are available at the Chalk Banks Access Area in Scotland County for family camping. Each site has a table, lantern holder, trash can and fire pit. Canoe-in campsites are also available.
Local wildlife
The Lumber River has many different types of organisms in and around it, including the Semotilus lumbee, which is a species endemic to the sandhills region that the Lumber River flows through. The Semotilus lumbee is also known as the sandhills chub. The cape fear chub is not the only unique organism that is found around the Lumber River. Other organism such as Megathymus yuccae, a giant yucca skipper and, Leuconotopicus borealis, the red-cockaded wood pecker are species that are endemic to habitats around the Lumbee River.
See also
Lumber River State Park
References
Locklear, Lawrence T. “Down by the Ol' Lumbee: An Investigation into the Origin and Use of the Word ‘Lumbee' Prior to 1952”, Native South 3 (2010): 103-117.
Knick, Stanley G. 1988 Robeson Trails Archaeological Survey: Reconnaissance in Robeson County; Native American Resource Center Publications; UNC Pembroke.
Knick, Stanley G. 1993 Robeson Crossroads Archaeological Survey: Intensive Testing; Native American Resource Center Publications; UNC Pembroke.
Knick, Stanley G. 2008 "Because It Is Right", Native South 1 (2008): 80-89. <http://muse.jhu.edu/journals/native_south/v001/1.knick.html>.
External links
Scotland County Travel & Tourism
Rivers of North Carolina
Rivers of South Carolina
Protected areas of Scotland County, North Carolina
Protected areas of Hoke County, North Carolina
Protected areas of Robeson County, North Carolina
Protected areas established in 1989
Tributaries of the Pee Dee River
Rivers of Scotland County, North Carolina
Rivers of Hoke County, North Carolina
Rivers of Robeson County, North Carolina
Wild and Scenic Rivers of the United States
Matanui profundum, known commonly as the deepwater triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Matanui. It was described by Ronald Fricke and Clive D. Roberts in 1994. This species is found around the North Island, Auckland Islands and Chatham Islands at depths between .
References
Deepwater triplefin
Fish described in 1994
Canarium vulgare, known as Java almond, is a species of Canarium native to eastern Java Sea (Bawean and Kangean Islands), Lesser Sunda Islands, Sulawesi and Maluku Islands.
C. vulgare is closely related to C. indicum, and they used to be one species under the name Canarium commune L., which has caused much confusion. Their main difference is that the stipule of C. vulgare is entire and caducous, while that of C. indicum is dentate and persistent.
References
vulgare
Them Beloved Enemy is a 1917 American silent mystery film directed by Ernest C. Warde and starring Doris Grey, Wayne Arey, and J.H. Gilmour.
Cast
Doris Grey as Sylvia Leigh
Wayne Arey as Enemy of Sylvia's Father
J.H. Gilmour as Sylvia's Father
Gladys Leslie as Dorothy, Sylvia's Friend
Ernest Howard as Undetermined Role
Carey L. Hastings as Undetermined Role
Anna Buchanan as Undetermined Role
References
Bibliography
Robert B. Connelly. The Silents: Silent Feature Films, 1910-36, Volume 40, Issue 2. December Press, 1998.
External links
1917 films
1917 mystery films
1910s English-language films
American silent feature films
American mystery films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Ernest C. Warde
Pathé Exchange films
1910s American films
Silent mystery films
Pinandagatan Falls is located in a far-flung barangay of New Tubigon, Sibagat, Agusan del Sur in the southern Philippine island of Mindanao. It is one of the tourist attractions of Sibagat, Agusan del Sur.
Etymology
Pinandagatan from the word "dagatan" is a Visayan language term meaning "lake", the falls is hidden in the middle of the forest and believed to be the longest running waterfalls in Caraga Region.
Geography
Pinandagatan Falls is located in the hinterland forest in Barangay New Tubigon, Sibagat, Agusan del Sur.
The falls are untouched, a hidden paradise, with so many tiers to immerse deep into the forest. Going to is not easy with a 31-kilometer bumpy ride of muddy trek of uneven surface. It is now a popular hiking trail.
See also
Sibagat, Agusan del Sur
Agusan del Sur
Caraga Region
References
Waterfalls of the Philippines
Landforms of Agusan del Sur
Agusan del Sur
In mathematics, a dyadic compactum is a Hausdorff topological space that is the continuous image of a product of discrete two-point spaces, and a dyadic space is a topological space with a compactification which is a dyadic compactum. However, many authors use the term dyadic space with the same meaning as dyadic compactum above.
Dyadic compacta and spaces satisfy the Suslin condition, and were introduced by Russian mathematician Pavel Alexandrov. Polyadic spaces are generalisation of dyadic spaces.
References
Properties of topological spaces
Robert Sawyer Herbert (28 January 1693 – 1769) of Highclere Castle, Hampshire, was a British politician who sat in the House of Commons for 46 years from 1722 to 1768.
Early life
Herbert was the second son of Thomas Herbert, 8th Earl of Pembroke and their wife Margaret Sawyer, daughter of Sir Robert Sawyer who died in 1692. In 1706, they succeeded to their mother's estates and inherited Highclere Castle from their maternal grandfather, who entailed their estates on the unborn younger sons of their daughter. They matriculated at Christ Church, Oxford on 5 July 1709, aged 16. Before 1723, they married Mary Smith, daughter of John Smith, Speaker of the House of Commons.
Career
Herbert was returned unopposed as Member of Parliament for Wilton at the 1722 general election on their father's interest. They were appointed Groom of the Bedchamber to George I in 1723. They were returned again for Wilton at the 1727 general election following the death of George I, and was appointed Commissioner of revenue for Ireland in 1727. At the 1734 general election they were returned again for Wilton. They were transferred to become Lord of Trade in 1737. They retained the post until 1751 but it was later said by Pelham ‘he has been of the Board of Trade upwards of 20 years, tho' in it I believe not as many times'. They were returned as MP for Wilton at the general elections of 1741 and 1747. In 1750 they were appointed Lord Lieutenant of Wiltshire for six years. They were appointed surveyor general of crown lands by Pelham in 1751. They were returned again for Wilton in the general elections of 1754 and 1761.  They are not known to have made a speech in Parliament. For most of their career, they held minor government posts, and voted for successive Administrations in all recorded divisions. Rockingham classified them in November 1766 as prepared to serve any Administration.
Death and legacy
Herbert died on 25 April 1769. Their brothers Hon. Nicholas, Thomas and William Herbert were also MPs. They left Highclere Castle to their nephew Henry Herbert, son of their brother William.
References
1693 births
1769 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1722–1727
British MPs 1727–1734
British MPs 1734–1741
British MPs 1741–1747
British MPs 1747–1754
British MPs 1754–1761
British MPs 1761–1768
Younger sons of earls
Allanblackia oil is a vegetable oil that comes from the seeds of trees of the genus Allanblackia. This tree can be found in the wet tropical belt of Africa. Because of its unique blend of fatty acids, the oil from Allanblackia seeds has melting properties that make it excellent to use as structuring fat in food products, e.g. margarines.
Currently, Allanblackia seeds are harvested in the wild to produce the oil, but these producers cannot produce enough oil to meet market demand. Finding sustainable ways to increase production could bring many social, environmental, and economic benefits to the communities which produce Allanblackia. To ensure increased production is sustainable and benefits the communities growing the trees, a number of organizations have collaborated to develop a set of standards and methods as guidelines for increasing Allanblackia production. Other organizations are working to establish tree nurseries and other sustainable means of domesticating Allanblackia.
Allanblackia tree
Origin
Allanblackia oil is an edible vegetable oil derived from the seeds from the fruits of Allanblackia trees. This is an evergreen tree producing big brown fruits. Inside those fruits are the seeds that contain the allanblackia oil.
The genus Allanblackia, which belongs to the family Clusiaceae, consists of nine (possibly ten) tree species, all restricted to Africa. All members of the genus are dioecious (having separate male and female trees). There are nine published species of Allanblackia, mostly very similar to each other. Allanblackia trees are commonly found in the wet tropical rain belt of West, Central and East Africa (from Sierra Leone to Tanzania). They grow primarily in tropical rainforests, but can also be found on cultivated farmland areas. Currently, the most important source of allanblackia oil is Allanblackia stuhlmannii, which is found in the northeast of Tanzania in the Eastern Arc mountains Other species are Allanblackia parviflora (Upper Guinea, from Ghana westwards) and Allanblackia floribunda (Nigeria, Democratic Republic of Congo, Angola). These species occur in moist low-land areas (A. parviflora, A. floribunda) or upland rain forests (A. stuhlmannii).
Allanblackia trees are single-stemmed, up to 40 meters tall, with whorled branches. The tree will start fruiting at the age of about 8 years and in know to fruit for a long period (likely > 50 years). The fruits of the tree are amongst the biggest of all plants in the African rainforest (particularly A. stuhlmannii). A fruit can weigh up to 7 kilograms (average 4 kg) of which 20% is wet seeds (40-50 seeds per pod).
Genus name
The genus Allanblackia was named in honour of the botanist Allan Black. They were the first curator of Kew Gardens and was responsible for the private collection of Charles Darwin. Very respected amongst their peers, they died at a young age aboard ship off the Cocos Islands in the Bay of Bengal and the genus Allanblackia was named in their memory. The name of Allanblackia trees used by the indigenous people in Tanzania is actually or in Swahili or sometimes (, ) in local languages. In Nigeria area of River State the local name used is obiobo obo.
Allanblackia seed oil
Composition
Allanblackia seeds consist of a soft fruit body mesocarp surrounded by hard wooden hull. De-hulled and dried Allanblackia floribunda seeds from Ghana contain up to 70% oil. Taking the weight of the hull into account, the oil content is in the range of 40-50%.
Allanblackia seed oil is unusual in that it is composed of only a few triglycerides, derived from palmitic, oleic, and stearic acids. This is similar to other tropical fats like shea and cocoa butter. However, Allanblackia has an unusually high stearic acid content above 50%. More specifically Allanblackia seed oil contains 52-58% stearic acid, 39-45% oleic acid and 2-3% palmitic acid.
A key characteristic is that the fatty acids are organized into two main triglycerides. These are called 1,3-distearoyl-2-oleoyl-glycerol (abbreviated as SOS at an average level of 69%) and 1,2-dioleoyl-3-stearoyl-sn-glycerol (abbreviated as sn-SOO at an average level of 23%).
This simple triglyceride composition provides Allanblackia seed oil with very steep melting behavior. This composition makes it useful for making food products such as margarine, without any further modification like fractionation of fractional crystallization. The melting point is around 34 °C. Specific physical characteristics of SOS-SOO mixtures, like fat crystallization aspects, have extensively been investigated in model systems.
Seed production
Introduction
The volumes of Allanblackia seeds, and hence seed oil, produced until now very low. The volume of allanblackia seed oil is in the range of 100 metric tonnes per annum only.
These volumes are generated by wild-harvesting mainly done by collectors in Tanzania. When initial studies on the potential of wild-harvesting were done in the early 2000s, the expectations were very high predicting annual production of up to 40,000 tonnes of seeds. In reality only a few tonnes of seeds were harvested in the first year as the number of wild Allanblackia trees that could actually be harvested had severely been overestimated.
Since early 2009, NGOs such as The World Agroforestry Centre (ICRAF), the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and commercial parties have been conducting research programs to investigate the potential to increase the annual production volumes by looking at increased wild-harvesting as well as sustainable domestication of the tree. Through the plantation of the tree with local farmers in Tanzania, Ghana and Nigeria, the production volumes are expected to increase in the coming decade, once these trees are old enough to starting producing fruits and big enough to carry more of the large fruit pods.
Wild harvesting
Increasing the volumes obviously must be done sustainably and hence socio-economic and environmental aspects are being looked at. For example, the value of Allanblackia as a new cash (annual) crop for Africa means training of local communities not to cut Allanblackia trees for use as timber and firewood. But doing so is also a means of helping to conserve local biodiversity.
The Union for Ethical Biotrade (UEBT) has developed a standard and a verification framework against which the sustainability of the Allanblackia supply chain can be audited and approved. UEBT is a member of the International Social and Environmental Accreditation and Labelling Alliance, which promotes sustainability standards.
Domestication
Wild harvesting as a production method is limited because there are not enough trees to satisfy demand and Allanblackia's flowering and fruiting behavior is erratic. Since 2006, Novel Development Tanzania has been involved in a domestication program together with the World Agroforestry Centre to domesticate the species using participatory tree domestication approach.
The program includes community sensitization, exploration, participatory selections of superior mother trees, conservation in field gene banks, development of agroforestry systems with Allanblackia and market development. Secondly, the program consists of developing asexual and sexual propagation protocols, which are necessary to overcome challenges in multiplication such as seed dormancy, long juvenile phase and high variability of desired traits.
The domestication program of Allanblackia through public-private partnership and participatory tree domestication could serve as a model for domestication of other underutilized African tree species of high economic potential.
Oil production
Seed harvesting and drying
An individual tree can produce up to 300 fruits a year, with the average bearing 100 to 150 in a good season. In Ghana Allanblackia parviflora fruits have been reported to have a weight of 1.5–2 kg. The fruit pods from the Tanzanian Allanblackia stuhlmannii weigh on average 4 kilograms with a maximum up to 7 kilograms. The May containing up to 40-50 separate seeds embedded in a pulp.
When the fruit are ripe they will fall down to the ground. Harvesters will collect these fallen fruits and manually extract and clean the seeds. These are then laid out in the sun to dry; this generally takes one to two weeks.
Seed quality
After drying the seeds are bagged and brought to collection centers by the farmers / collectors for sale.
Upon drying the color of the inside (mesocarp) of the seeds will change from off-white (wet) to ocreous-brown (dry).
In the collection centers this change of color is used to determine the overall quality of drying of each bag of seeds (20–40 kg) by testing a random sample of seeds.
Next to that seeds are checked for the amount of dirt, while broken seeds are removed. Also seeds infected by insects are removed. Such seeds can be recognized by small holes present in the outer shell of the seeds.
The seeds collected are put into bags again and brought to a local warehouse waiting to be transported to the oil mill.
Seed and oil processing
From local warehouses the seeds are brought to a central warehouse at the oil mill to press-out the oil. In Tanzania the Allanblackia Oil Mill is in the coastal city of Tanga, in the north-east of the country.
In the mill the seeds are taken out of the bags and stored locally until crushing. For the crushing a seed-oil press is used, separating the oil from the residual fibrous cake.
The crude oil is decanted and filtered to remove remaining solids.
The oil is than stored at 40-45 °C to keep it liquid and pumped to an Iso-container for further transport.
The remaining cake from the pressing still contains fibers and residual oil] and therefore it is used as a renewable source of energy in the oil mill, generating steam in a high pressure steam boiler.
After transport to the country where the final product manufacturing will take place, the oil is purified according to standard practices to remove unwanted free fatty acids and off-taste, making the oil ready for use in manufacturing of products, e.g. margarines.
Application in product
Historical use
In Tanzania the use of allanblackia seed oil goes back almost a century. It has been reported that during the First World War allanblackia oil was already tested as a cocoa butter alternative. Also in the seventies the such application was again explored in Europe. However the application never hit the market because larger volumes of the oil were simply not available due to the lack of an organized supply chain.
Nowadays there is still in hardly any local use of Allanblackia seed oil as people prefer use of easily available liquid oils and cheap industrial soaps. The allanblackia tree has predominantly been used for timber in the last decades and hence the number of trees has significantly reduced . Most of the allanblackia trees nowadays remaining in the wild are growing in the East Usambara Mountains which provides the right climate for this tree. As a result, even today the volumes of oil available from wild-harvesting are still very small.
Current use
The major application potential identified today is in the use as a structuring fat to produce low-trans margarines and dairy cream alternatives, and as cocoa butter equivalent in confectionery applications.
In the European Union as of December 2014, all different types of vegetable oils will be listed on the ingredient label of food products using those ingredients. Recently Allanblackia seed oil was introduced in margarine and can be found as such on the product ingredient list.
See also
Agroforestry
Tropical agriculture
References
Allanblackia
Vegetable oils
Australian rules football was heavily affected by both World War I and World War II. Hundreds of leading players served their country abroad, and many lost their lives. On the home front, competitions like the Victorian Football League (VFL) went ahead during these wars, but faced many restrictions.
World War I
In March 1915, the VFL voted on whether or not to suspend the 1915 season, but voted in favour of playing by 13 votes to four. The season began on 24 April, the day before Australian troops landed at Gallipoli. Attendances were poor throughout the year.
St Kilda changed their club colours because their traditional red, white and black colours were the same as the German Empire. Their new colours of black, red and yellow were chosen as support to Australia's ally Belgium, where a group of St Kilda players were serving.
The 1916 season was heavily affected by the war. Only four clubs, Carlton, Collingwood, Fitzroy and Richmond, competed in the league. The other clubs withdrew from the competition, both out of Australian patriotism and as a result of player shortage. Despite finishing the home and away season in last place, Fitzroy won the Grand Final that year.
Both Geelong and South Melbourne returned to the league in 1917, while St Kilda and Essendon made their comeback in 1918. Melbourne spent the longest time out of the league, missing three seasons before rejoining the VFL in 1919.
The West Australian Football League (WAFL) continued to play throughout the war; however due to a lack of players and very poor on-field records North Fremantle and Midland Junction were forced to disband after the 1915 and 1917 seasons respectively. Neither was to return after the war, though attempts to revive Midland Junction were made in the 1920s.
The South Australian Football League (SAFL) suspended play in favour of a "patriotic competition" between 1916 and 1918.
"Pioneer Exhibition Game" in London (1916)
On Saturday 28 October 1916, the former Olympic champion swimmer and the later Lord Mayor of Melbourne, Lieutenant Frank Beaurepaire, organized an Australian Rules football match between two teams of Australian servicemen in aid of the British and French Red Cross.
The match was promoted as a "Pioneer Exhibition Game of Australian Football in London". It was held at Queen's Club, West Kensington before an estimated crowd of 3,000, which included the (then) Prince of Wales (later King Edward VIII), and King Manuel II of Portugal.
The members of the competing teams, Australian Training Units and The Third Australian Divisional Team, were all highly skilled footballers, the majority of which had already played senior football in their respective states. A news film was taken at the match.
Other matches
Pick up games of Australian Rules football were popular amongst the Australian soldiers in World War 1. Private Victor Laidlaw describes one such match between their 2nd Field Ambulance and the Light Horse in Cairo in January 1915:
Lieutenant Lionel Short gave a vivid and amusing account of another game played on a field pockmarked by shells. The game they wrote, was:
Despite the difficulties of the game, Lieutenant Short ends with a poignant reminder of why these games were so important:
Two men wrote that they had organised soldiers from Port Melbourne to take on all challengers noting “We hope to gain for the Port Melbourne Railway Union Football Club a name as renowned in France as the name is in Melbourne junior football circles"
World War II
Domestic competitions
Disputes over whether football should be played in wartime came up again in World War II.
The VFL continued operation, but Geelong withdrew from the 1942 and 1943 VFL seasons when rail and road transport restrictions made it too difficult for supporters to attend games in Melbourne. Because the Melbourne Cricket Ground and the Lake Oval were taken over by the United States Air Force as bases, Melbourne and South Melbourne had to play their home games elsewhere, whilst the Junction Oval for two seasons and the Western Oval for 1942 were also commandeered.
The VFL's Brownlow Medal for the "fairest and best" player was not awarded for four seasons - 1942 to 1945.
The Western Australian National Football League restricted the competition to players under the age of 18 in 1942, and under 19 in 1943 and 1944; and the eight South Australian National Football League clubs temporarily merged into four combined clubs for a reduced competition between 1942 and 1944.
In 1940, both the SANFL and the VFL staged the first Australian football Lightning Carnivals as fundraising events. The carnivals featured every team in the league in a one-day knockout tournament, featuring shortened games. Several more of these carnivals were held by major and minor leagues as wartime fundraisers.
Libya
Australian rules football also played a significant part in the Australian forces during the war, with the first Australian assault in Libya commencing with the signal of a football being kicked into no-man's land.
Prisoners of War
Australian rules football was also played by Prisoners of War throughout World War II, with competitions held in Singapore and Germany. The Changi Football League, played at Changi Prison was held in 1942/43 and contested by teams called "Melbourne", "Richmond", "Essendon" and "Carlton", while a League was also set up at Stalag 383, near Nuremberg, contested by the "Kangaroos", "Emus", Kookaburras" and Wallabies".
The Changi Football League, run by Brownlow Medalist Wilfred Smallhorn, awarded its only Changi Brownlow for Best and Fairest to Peter Chitty, a former St Kilda footballer.
VFL players who died in active service
Many VFL players served in the armed services, and a number lost their lives, including Ron Barassi Sr., Bruce Sloss and Len Thomas.
Commemorations
Since 1995 a match between Collingwood and Essendon has taken place on Anzac Day at the Melbourne Cricket Ground as a tribute to those who died serving their country.
Other games, including the Len Hall Game hosted by Fremantle at Subiaco Oval, and games in Wellington, New Zealand have also been held to commemorate past and present members of the armed forces.
All games held on the weekend closest to ANZAC Day have a small memorial ceremony, and the Last Post, a minutes silence, and, then, To Rouse played before the game.
See also
1916 VFL season
1916 Pioneer Exhibition Game
1941 VFL season
Footnotes
References
Pioneer Exhibition Game Australian Football: in aid of British and French Red Cross Societies: 3rd Australian Division v. Australian Training Units at Queen's Club, West Kensington, on Saturday, October 28th, 1916, at 3pm, Wightman & Co., (London), 1919.
Anon., "Australian Football. Novel Match At Queen's Club", The Times, Issue 41311, (Monday, 30 October 1916), p. 11, column C.
Anon., "News in Brief", The Times, Issue 41309, (Friday, 27 October 1916), p. 15, column B.
Atkinson, G. (1982) Everything you ever wanted to know about Australian rules football but couldn't be bothered asking, The Five Mile Press: Melbourne. .
Brosnan, G., "Australian Football at Queen's Club, London; Exhibition Game by Anzacs Draws Large Crowd", The (Melbourne) Winner, (Wednesday, 20 December 1916), p.7.
Hogan P: The Tigers Of Old, Richmond FC, (Melbourne), 1996.
Holmesby, R. & Main, J., This Football Century: "The Greatest Game of All", Wilkinson Books, (Melbourne), 1996.
Main, J. & Allen, D., Fallen — The Ultimate Heroes: Footballers Who Never Returned From War, Crown Content, (Melbourne), 2002.
Maplestone, M., Flying Higher: History of the Essendon Football Club 1872–1996, Essendon Football Club, (Melbourne), 1996.
Minogue, D. & Millard, P.J., "Famous A.I.F. Match in London", The Sporting Globe, (Saturday, 21 August 1937), p.8.
Ross, J. (ed), 100 Years of Australian Football 1897–1996: The Complete Story of the AFL, All the Big Stories, All the Great Pictures, All the Champions, Every AFL Season Reported, Viking, (Ringwood), 1996.
Shaw, I. (2006) The Bloodbath, Scribe, Melbourne. .
External links
Sport and War ABC radio transcript (19 April 2002)
1940 VFL Patriotic Cup - Melbourne – BoylesFootballPhotos
1942 Inter-Services Competition - Melbourne – BoylesFootballPhotos
1943 RAAF Competition - Melbourne – BoylesFootballPhotos
VFL
VFL
Australian people of World War I
Australian people of World War II
History of Australian rules football
Articles containing video clips
The Menoge is a French river found in the Haute-Savoie department. Its source is near the Col des Moise, and flows through Vallée Verte, into the Arve just before Annemasse. It is long.
Its tributaries are: Brevon de Saxel (confluence at Boëge) Le Foron de Fillinges (confluence at Bonne), Ruisseau du Nantet (confluence at Vétraz-Montoux).
Settlements along its length include: Habère-Poche, Habère-Lullin, Villard, Burdignin, Boëge, Saint-André-de-Boëge, Fillinges, Bonne, Arthaz-Pont-Notre-Dame, Cranves-Sales and Vetraz-Monthoux.
References
Rivers of Haute-Savoie
Rivers of France
Rivers of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes
Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region articles needing translation from French Wikipedia
The 19th NKP Salve Challenger Trophy was a domestic cricket tournament that was held in Indore from 25 September to 28 September 2013. The series involved the domestic teams from India which were India Blue, India Red, and Delhi. The tournament was won by India Blue who defeated Delhi by 50 runs.
This tournament marked the last edition of the NKP Salve Challenger Trophy, after BCCI scrapped the tournament while restructuring their calendar for domestic tournaments for the later upcoming seasons.
Squads
Earlier, Irfan Pathan was chosen to lead India Red in the tournament, but after they along with Saurabh Tiwary got injured they were replaced by Sandeep Warrier and Ishank Jaggi respectively. Yusuf Pathan was chosen to lead the squad after Irfan Pathan was ruled out.
Mandeep Singh was replaced by Sibsankar Roy for India Blue after they sustained a finger injury.
Matches
Group stage
Final
References
2013 in cricket
The 1955-56 Oxford and Cambridge Far Eastern Expedition was a publicity effort by Land Rover in support of the 1956 Land Rover Series I Station Wagons. The station wagons were very different from the previous Tickford model, being built with bolt-together aluminium panels. The journey was undertaken by six Oxford & Cambridge university students from London to Singapore.
The Expedition was inspired by the earlier 1954 Oxford and Cambridge Trans-Africa Expedition, developed by Adrian Cowell.
Team members
All members were from either Oxford University or Cambridge University, and all had just finished their degrees when they set out on the expedition, with the exception of Nigel Newbery, who had one year left, and was the only Oxford student. The expedition members and their roles on the expedition were as follows:
Antony "B.B." Barrington Brown - Cameraman
Adrian Cowell - Business Manager
Patrick Murphy - Navigator and Chef
Nigel Newbery - Quartermaster and Mechanic
Henry Nott - Chief Engineer
Tim Slessor - Scribe and Assistant Cameraman
Route
After setting off from Hyde Park in London, on 1 September 1955, the expedition was flown over to the European continent and from there continued through France, Monaco, Germany, Austria, Yugoslavia, Greece, Turkey, Syria, Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, India, Nepal, Burma, Thailand, Malaya and Singapore.
Arriving on 6 March 1956, the journey took six months and six days, over 18,000 miles.
Legacy
Oxford and Cambridge Expedition to South America (1957-8)
The next joint expedition was the 1957-8 Oxford and Cambridge Expedition to South America, on which at least two team members from the Singapore journey took part: Adrian Cowell and Nigel Newbery.
Eric Edis expedition (1957-9)
Between 1957 and 1959, Eric Edis led a sixteen-person team on an overland expedition from London to Singapore and then on to Australia and back to the UK - the first man to make the round trip overland and with no sponsorship. They were also the only man to cross the 'closed' Burmese border twice unaided. See Eric Edis' book The Impossible Takes A Little Longer.
First Overland (1957)
First Overland: London-Singapore by Land Rover is the 1957 book recounting the expedition by Tim Slessor, originally published by The Companion Book Club under the title First Overland: The Story of the Oxford and Cambridge Far Eastern Expedition. The 2005 50th anniversary edition, published by Signal Books Ltd, also contains a foreword by Sir David Attenborough, who is listed as co-author. The book is the main source of information about the expedition and its fullest account, as the footage and subsequent programmes made with it only cover a small portion of what the six students did and experienced on their long journey.
50th Anniversary of the Expedition (2006)
On the 50th Anniversary of the Expedition, the five surviving members (all except Henry Nott) traveled once more to the Far East and recreated the last leg of their journey, covering the 350 km from Kuala Lumpur to Singapore on 4 March 2006. The following day, the five men did the one thing they forgot in 1956 - they followed Rudyard Kipling's instruction to "feed at Raffles" and enjoyed brunch at the Bar and Billiard Room and Singapore Slings at the Long Bar.
The 1955 route is now largely impassable, because of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The Last Overland
At the age of 87, Tim Slessor and others in one of the original Land Rovers, are re-creating the first London to Singapore trip by doing it in reverse; they are starting from Singapore on August 25, 2019, on a trip called the Last Overland.
Adaption for screen
The expedition set out with only a limited quantity of film from the BBC, but with the promise of more from David Attenborough if the initial material sent back was good. In the end there was enough material for 3 short films for the BBC series 'Traveller's Tales' which were shot in colour, but only transmitted in black and white.
In the late 1950s there was no home recording technology like VHS, so once broadcast, the films faded from view and have only been seen occasionally since. Recently they have been re-mastered and edited, with a commentary by the cameraman Antony Barrington-Brown and Tim Slessor, and interviews with Nigel Newbery, Pat Murphy, Adrian Cowell and Sir David Attenborough. The DVD also has an 'extra' about the making of the original films and the rescuing of the footage.
References
Bibliography
Slessor, Tim. (1957), First Overland: The Story of the Oxford and Cambridge Far Eastern Expedition, The Companion Book Club, London. ASIN: B0000CJTJQ
External links
Adrian Cowell, 'It's Started, The Rally To Singapore', The Straits Times.
BBC Radio Interview with Pat Murphy, 1955 expedition navigator
Official website of First Overland Audiobook
The original film footage from the 1955 Oxford and Cambridge Far Eastern Expedition available now on DVD
Film clips
1955 in transport
Expeditions using Land Rovers
1957 non-fiction books
Clubs and societies of the University of Oxford
Clubs and societies of the University of Cambridge
The Casio Oceanus is a line of high-end watches that uses technology from both the G-Shock and Waveceptor series.
Characteristics
All Oceanus watches have the following key characteristics:
Analog watch face – Note that earlier models have a combined analog and digital watch face.
Multi-band – The Oceanus watches will auto-synchronize themselves if one visits Europe, North America, Japan, or China. Synchronization locations are the Japanese time signal (JJY), the American time signal (WWVB) from Colorado, and the European time signals from both England (Time from NPL (MSF)), Germany (DCF77) and China in Shangqiu City, China.
Sapphire crystal – For superior scratch resistance.
Models
Oceanus 10 series
The Oceanus OCW-10 (movement 4363 Japan, 4364 US, 4365 Europe) smaller watch which targeted the ladies segment of the watch market. Includes Waveceptor and Tough Solar technology.
Oceanus 500 series
The Oceanus OC-500 (movement 2714) diver watch with 3 sub dials. WR 100M.
The Oceanus OCW-500 (movement 3731 Japan, 3732 US, 3733 Europe) series wristwatches were the first Oceanus model to include Waveceptor and Tough Solar technology. Full metal case and sapphire crystal. Choice of case and watch band material included stainless steel and titanium. First produced in 2004 and no longer in production. A companion watch in the Casio Waveceptor line the WVA-500 (movement 2763 Japan, 2762 US, 2760 & 2761 Europe) includes most of the features of the OCW-500 series but in plastic case with plastic watch crystal. The WVA-500 and OCW-500 movements are similar, but can not be interchanged.
Oceanus 600 series
The Oceanus OCW-T600 series wristwatches are the basic Oceanus model on the Japanese market.
Oceanus CACHALOT
The Oceanus CACHALOT series wristwatches are designed for marine sports. They include a rotating bezel and a yacht timer chronograph.
Oceanus 700 series
The Oceanus OCW-M700 was the last model introduced to the American market. It features a complete analog face with no LCD screen as well as the standard characteristics for Oceanus watches. It is unique in the Oceanus line as it includes a sub dial to show the status of the ocean tides in the current time zone. It is the only Oceanus model to include this feature.
Oceanus 1000 Series "Manta"
Released on June 1, 2007 and complete with the sapphire crystal and the MULTI-BAND 5 technology, the Manta is the most versatile and the most expensive watch out of all the Oceanus watches with a base price of 100,000 Japanese Yen (approx. US$1000). It does not include the tide meter that appears on the 700 series. It closely resembles the 600 series watch style but it is thinner than both the 700 and 600 series watches.
Availability
Casio Oceanus watches are only available in Japan. They can be ordered online and shipped internationally.
In the USA the Oceanus line has been discontinued for the Casio Edifice line.
External links
Casio Japanese Oceanus Website
Casio Japan Website (Japanese)
Casio American Website (English)
Oceanus
Oceanus
The men's 60 metres event at the 1977 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 12 March in San Sebastián.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 2 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 3 from each heat (Q) qualified directly for the final.
Final
References
60 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
60
Nepal sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7–18 September 2016. This was the fourth time the nation had taken part in a Paralympic Games following its first appearance at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. Nepal was represented by two athletes in Rio de Janeiro: sprinter Bikram Rana and short-distance swimmer Laxmi Kunwar, who both qualified for the Paralympics by using wild card spots for their respective sports. Neither athlete advanced beyond the first round of their respective events as they both finished 17th overall in their competitions.
Background
Nepal made its first appearance in the Paralympic Games at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. They have entered every Summer Paralympic Games since, making Rio de Janeiro its fourth appearance at a Summer Paralympiad. At the close of the Rio Games, Nepal had yet to win its first Paralympic medal. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Nepal sent two athletes to Rio de Janeiro: sprinter Bikram Rana and short-distance swimmer Laxmi Kunwar. They were accompanied by chef de mission and president of the National Para-Athletics Association Om Nath Shiwakoti. Kedar Babu Shiwakoti, acting president of the National Para Sports Association, and the President of National Para-Swimming Association Saroj Shrestha were the other two officials in the delegation. Rana was chosen to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Former soldier Bikran Rana suffered a total loss of vision as a consequence of triggering a roadside bomb left by Maoist rebels in the forests of Central Nepal on 12 September 2003. They were 36 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics. These Games were Rana's second Paralympics appearance, having previously represented Nepal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.  They are classified as T11 by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC). Rana qualified for the Games by using a wild card after they did not meet the required qualifying standard for the men's 100 metres T11 event. They prepared for the Games by watching videos of athletes being coached to help improve themselves since they had no coach or training facilities to practice at. Rana said before the Paralympics that they sought to improve their performance from four years earlier (12.81 seconds). On 10 September, they competed with their guide Chhabiltal Chaudhary in the heats of their competition. Drawn to heat five, Rana completed the race in a time of 13.02 seconds, and was last out of all four athletes. They ranked 17th (and last) overall and failed to progress to the semifinals as only the top twelve sprinters were permitted to advance.
Men's Track
Swimming
Nepal received a wild card place for one swimmer. Laxmi Kunwar was 27 years old at the time of the 2016 Summer Paralympics. These Rio Paralympic Games were their first time competing at the Summer Paralympics. Kunwar acquired their disability at the age of 16 when they climbed a tree in a jungle near their home to extract some leaves to feed animals on their family's farm but they fell and fractured their spinal cord. They have used a wheelchair since, and is classified as S6 by the IPC. Kunwar said before the Paralympics that they wanted to set a new personal best time but noted the strong competition they would face, "But what is most important to me is that through our performances we will be able to show millions of people in Nepal that it does not matter if you have an impairment or not, you can still be active within society and a useful individual.” On 17 September, they competed in the women's 100 metres freestyle S6 event and was assigned heat two. Kunwar was seventh and last of all the swimmers in their heat with a time of three minutes and 11.76 seconds. Only the top eight were allowed to advance to the final and Knuwar was eliminated since they had the slowest overall time.
Women
See also
Nepal at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Nepalese sport
Bolting may refer to:
Bolting (horse), which can describe either of two different types of behaviour in horses
Bolting (horticulture), a growth behaviour in plants
See also
Bolt (disambiguation)
Frederik Nielsen and Joseph Sirianni were the defenders of championship title.
Jamie Delgado and Lovro Zovko became the new champions, after their won 7–6(6), 6–1, against Charles-Antoine Brézac and Vincent Stouff.
Seeds
Draw
Draw
References
Doubles Draw
Guzzini Challenger - Doubles
Guzzini Challenger
Selina Kuruleca is a Fijian psychotherapist and commentator. They have been regularly quoted by media outlets in Fiji on a wide variety of issues, such as the controversial Reconciliation, Tolerance, and Unity Bill promoted by the government of Prime Minister Laisenia Qarase (2000–2006). They expressed serious misgivings about the bill, especially with respect to its provisions for amnesty to be granted to persons convicted of offences related to the Fiji coup of 2000.
Kuruleca has been the President of the Fiji Association of Social Workers, and was a lecturer at the University of the South Pacific.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Lomaiviti Province
Santa Clara University alumni
University of the South Pacific faculty
I-Taukei Fijian people
Beth Nolan (born August 21, 1951 in New York City) is a vice president and general counsel of
the George Washington University. They were Bill Clinton's final White House Counsel, as well as the first woman to hold the office. Prior to serving as White House Counicil, Nolan worked in other White House and Department of Justice positions, taught law, and worked in private practice.
Personal
Nolan was born in New York City, and received their Bachelor of Arts degree at Scripps College in 1973. Nolan earned their Juris Doctor from Georgetown University Law Center, graduating magna cum laude in 1980. While studying at Georgetown, they were Editor-in-Chief of the Georgetown Law Journal. They were admitted to the District of Columbia Bar in 1981.
Career
Nolan began their career in 1980, where they clerked for Collins J. Seitz, a judge on the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, until 1981. From 1981 to 1985, Nolan served as a staff attorney under then Assistant Attorney General of the United States, Theodore Olsen. From 1985 to 1993, Nolan taught at George Washington University Law School, earning tenure in 1992. At Georgetown, they taught constitutional law, government ethics, and professional responsibility. Nolan was also a professor at George Washington University Law School during the 1995-1996 school year.
Nolan began working in the White House as Associate White House Counsel, serving from 1993 to 1995. From 1996 to 1999, they served as Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Office of Legal Counsel.
In 1997, Nolan became the nominee to serve as Assistant Attorney General of the United States for Office of Legal Counsel, although the Senate never voted on the nomination.
From 1999 to 2001, Nolan served as White House Counsel, serving until Bill Clinton left office in January 2001.
After leaving the White House, Nolan became a fellow at the Kennedy School of Government Institute of Politics.
In 2002, Nolan became a partner at Crowell & Moring. Nolan left the firm in 2007.
Since 2007, Nolan has served as Vice President and General Counsel of George Washington University.
Other
They testified on March 5, 2001 before the House Government Reform Committee that Bill Clinton's pardon of
Marc Rich did not advance President Clinton's financial interests, but that they had personally opposed it.<ref
name="Time.com" />
President Clinton nominated them in 1997 to be Assistant Attorney General of the United States for the Office of Legal Counsel, but the United States Senate did not confirm them Along with
Webster Hubbell and Vince Foster, they had helped Ira Magaziner prepare an affidavit explaining why they
was not required to reveal who had participated in the formulation of the failed 1993 Clinton health care plan.
United States District Court judge Royce Lamberth called the affidavit a lie, although an appellate court
held Magaziner had acted in good faith - after their nomination had failed.
Them appointment on August 10, 1999 as White House Counsel did not require Senate confirmation, and they began in September.
During its investigations of the 1996 United States campaign finance controversy, Monica Lewinsky scandal, White House FBI files controversy, and White House travel office controversy the United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform subpoenaed White House email traffic. In March 2000 White House contractors testified that the email previously produced in response to these subpoenas had omitted probably thousands of responsive emails. Technical employees had discovered in June 1998 that the automated records management system had incorrectly scanned and logged the emails, possibly since 1994. The testified further that White House staff had cautioned them against disclosing this problem to anyone, on pain of dismissal or even prosecution. White House Counsel Nolan testified (March 2000) before the committee and a skeptical chairperson Dan Burton that it would take Northrop Grumman contract personal 6 months to restore the data. They also said that to the best of their knowledge they knew of no evidence that anyone in the White House had attempted to conceal this noncompliance, nor that they or their office had been told of allegations of threats.
After working in the White House, Nolan became a partner with the law firm Crowell & Moring in the firm's white collar and securities litigation group. They had a broad-based federal and international practice focuses on strategic counseling, congressional investigations, internal investigations and compliance, government and legal ethics, federal election law, constitutional and public policy issues, international claims, and other matters.
In February 2006 they published a letter to members of the United States Congress, signed jointly with several legal scholars former government officials arguing that an NSA electronic surveillance program was unlawful.
Nolan argued in March 2007 that the Bush administration's assertions of executive privilege were excessive in the matter of the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy, both in an op-ed article for The Washington Post and before Linda Sánchez and the House Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on Commercial and Administrative Law during their Hearing on "Ensuring
Executive Branch Accountability". They said the administration might lose such a claim. At George Washington University law school they had taught constitutional law.
In 2007 they represented, along with a great many others, Blackwater Worldwide a private military company.
Following the Blackwater Baghdad shootings, Henry Waxman's House Oversight Committee subpoenaed its chief executive officer Erik Prince to testify. The climate of opinion among politicians and the public at large jeopardized its contracts to
provide security for State Department personnel in Iraq.
During the 2008 presidential election they contributed the maximum allowed to the Hillary Clinton campaign. They have also been a contributor to Wesley Clark, Emily's List and John Kerry.
Memberships and recognition
Board of Directors of the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law
Board of Directors of the Arthritis Foundation of the National Capital Area
Board of Advisors of the Harvard Law & Policy Review
National Commission on Judicial Discipline and Removal (1993)
Best Lawyers in America 2008
Washington Super Lawyers 2008
Writings
Nolan, Beth. Removing Conflicts from the Administration of Justice: Conflicts of Interest and Independent Counsels under the Ethics in Government Act, 79 GEO. L.J. 1 (1990). K7 .E645
Nolan, Beth. The Role of Judicial Ethics in the Discipline and Removal of Federal Judges.
Notes
References
Los Angeles Times, August 20, 1999.
New York Times, August 20, 1999.
Washington Post, January 29, 1998; June 8, 1998.
CNN Interactive, http://cnn.com, (August 18, 1999).
George Washington University website, http://www.law.gwu.edu
United States House of Representatives website, http://www.house.gov, (January 9, 1998).
1951 births
American academic administrators
American legal scholars
American women lawyers
Clinton administration personnel
New York (state) Democrats
George Washington University Law School faculty
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Living people
Lawyers from New York City
Scripps College alumni
United States Assistant Attorneys General for the Office of Legal Counsel
United States Department of Justice lawyers
Washington, D.C., Democrats
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
White House Counsels
Women academic administrators
Women legal scholars
21st-century American women
The Athi River Super Bridge is the longest bridge on the Mombasa–Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway (SGR). It was built to carry a single-track railway line over the Athi River as it approaches the Kenyan capital city of Nairobi. At the time of its construction, the bridge was the sixth-longest bridge in Africa and the second-longest railway bridge, exceeded only by the Dona Ana Bridge at .
The bridge's length was necessary to avoid cutting through the town of Athi River. A direct crossing would have required the destruction of many residences or a major industrial zone. To avoid built-up areas, the Standard Gauge Railway turns to skirt the eastern side of the town. The Super Bridge crosses the meandering Athi River three times, running through undeveloped land in the river's flood plain.
Photos
References
Railway bridges in Kenya
Bridges completed in 2017
Rail infrastructure in Kenya
Hongqing Temple Grotto () is located in Yima, Henan. It consists of five caves, with a total of 46 shrines. More than 120 statues were chiseled during the Northern Wei Dynasty. In 1963, it was registered as a place of cultural importance in Henan, and was listed in the fifth edition of Chinese national cultural relics in 2001.
Buddhist temples in Sanmenxia
Chinese Buddhist grottoes
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Henan
Olivia Chaumont (born October 30, 1950) is a French architect and transgender activist.
Education
Chaumont graduated from the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in 1978. They completed training as an architect at the Institut d'urbanisme de Paris.
Career
In 1981, Chaumont founded the Urbatecture agency, and, in 1991, the Atelier Cité architecture and urban planning agency, which they managed until 2008.
In 1990, Chaumont was appointed as an expert by the state and Nord-Pas-de-Calais regional council for the reclamation of industrial wasteland. Throughout these years they led numerous architectural and urban planning projects. In 1990, they won the national competition "Pour une architecture de la réhabilitation" launched by the Ministry of Public Works for their project to rehabilitate the Montereau-Ruffins complex in Montreuil. The approach was based on the clarification of the statutes between private and public spaces and the affirmation of a new residential character. This achievement is an example in France and abroad for the way it reintegrates a large ensemble into the surrounding urban structure In the same city, Chaumont was also the urban planner of the downtown development zone, a complex of 110 social housing units that dominates the town hall square.
In 2003, Chaumont was the winner of the Ville-Port 2 international competition in Saint-Nazaire.
Transgender activism
In 2007, Chaumont travelled to Thailand where they completed sex reassignment surgery. They legally changed their civil status in 2010, and their social security number in 2011. They have since publicly spoken about their experience transitioning in many countries, including before the French National Assembly in 2011. They published a book about their experience in 2013 titled D'un corps à l'autre. Since 2016, they have been a programmer at the Chéries-Chéris LGBTQ film festival in Paris.
Freemasonry
Chaumont has been a member of the Grand Orient de France Masonic organization since 1992. In 2007, they requested to be recognized by the organization as a female. In 2010, the Order's council voted to recognize them as such, and become the first trans woman recognized by the Order.
References
21st-century French architects
20th-century French architects
LGBT rights activists from France
Transgender rights activists
French Freemasons
Transgender women
1950 births
Living people
The men's BMX racing competition at the 2020 Summer Olympics took place on 29 and 30 July 2021 at the Ariake Urban Sports Park. 24 cyclists from 17 nations competed in the event.
Background
This was the 4th appearance of the event, which has been held at every Summer Olympics since BMX racing was added to the programme in 2008.
The reigning Olympic champion was Connor Fields of the United States, and the reigning (2019) World Champion was Twan van Gendt of the Netherlands.
A preview by Olympics.com noted the favourites as Fields, van Gendt, Niek Kimmann (also of the Netherlands), Joris Daudet of France, and Carlos Ramírez of Colombia.
Fields suffered a horrific crash in their semi-final heat and was unable to continue racing. They were hospitalized.
Qualification
A National Olympic Committee (NOC) could enter up to three qualified cyclists in the BMX race. Quota places are allocated to the NOC, which selects the cyclists. There were 24 quota places available, allocated as follows:
UCI nation ranking (18 places): The top two NOCs each earn three places. NOCs ranked third to fifth each earn two places. NOCs ranked sixth through 11th each earn one place. Each continent was guaranteed one place.
UCI elite individual ranking (three places): The three NOCs with the top individuals on this ranking, which have not yet earned any quota places, each earn one place.
2020 World Championships (two places): The top two NOCs at the 2020 UCI BMX World Championships, which have not yet earned any quota places, each earn one place. Because the 2020 World Championships were cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic, these places were reallocated to the UCI nation ranking.
Host place (one place): Host nation Japan was guaranteed one place.
Competition format
The competition was a three-round tournament, with quarterfinals, semifinals, and a final. The time-trial seeding run from previous Games was eliminated. In each round, the cyclists raced around a course with jumps and banked turns. The competition proceeded as follows:
Quarterfinals: four heats of six cyclists each. Each heat had three runs, using a point-for-place system (one point for the winner of a run, two points for second, etc.), with the lowest points over the three runs winning. The best four cyclists in each heat (16 total) advanced to the semifinals; the others (eight cyclists) were eliminated.
Semifinals: two heats of eight cyclists each. Again there were three runs per heat, using the point-for-place system. The top four cyclists in each semifinal (eight total) advanced to the final; the others (eight cyclists) were eliminated.
Final: one final of eight cyclists. There was only a single run.
Schedule
The event took place over two consecutive days.
Results
Quarterfinals
Sources:
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Heat 4
Semifinals
Sources:
Heat 1
Heat 2
Final
Sources:
See also
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Women's BMX racing
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's keirin
Cycling at the 2020 Summer Olympics – Men's BMX freestyle
References
Men's BMX
BMX at the Summer Olympics
2021 in BMX
Men's events at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Khas Kola (, also Romanized as Khāş Kolā and Khāşekolā) is a village in dasht sar sofla, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2011 census, its population was 515, in 149 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Malice is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately south-west of Werbkowice, south-west of Hrubieszów, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Malice
{{Infobox radio station
| name = KMLO
| logo = KMLO logo.jpg
| city = Lowry, South Dakota
| area = Mobridge, South Dakota
| branding = Everything Country| frequency = 100.7 MHz
| airdate =
| format = Country
| erp = 100,000 watts
| haat =
| class = C1
| facility_id = 30210
| coordinates =
| callsign_meaning = Mobridge sister station to KPLO-FM
| former_callsigns = KKFX
| affiliations = ABC News Radio
| owner = Ingstad Family Media
| licensee = James River Broadcasting Company
| sister_stations = KGFX, KGFX-FM, KJBI, KOLY, KOLY-FM, KPLO-FM
| webcast = Listen Live
| website = dakotaradiogroup.com
}}
KMLO (100.7 FM, "Everything Country") is a radio station licensed to serve Lowry, South Dakota, United States. The station is owned by James River Broadcasting. It airs a country music format.
All three Mobridge DRG Media Group (James River Broadcasting) stations share studios on 3rd St. East, in Mobridge. The KMLO transmitter and tower are southeast of town, off Route 83.
The station was assigned the KMLO call letters by the Federal Communications Commission on October 18, 1986.
Programming
Notable syndicated programming includes “The Big Time” with Whitney Allen and After Midnite with Cody Alan overnights and American Country Countdown'' on weekends.
References
External links
KMLO official website
MLO
Country radio stations in the United States
Walworth County, South Dakota
Radio stations established in 1986
1986 establishments in South Dakota
New Lenox School District 122 provides primary education services to students in grades kindergarten through 8. The superintendent is Dr. Lori Motsch. The student body is drawn primarily from the village of New Lenox, Illinois in Will County and surrounding areas.
Schools
Elementary schools
Tyler Elementary School
Bentley Elementary School
Haines Elementary School
Nelson Prairie Elementary School
Nelson Ridge Elementary School
Oster-Oakview Elementary School
Spencer Crossing Elementary School
Spencer Pointe Elementary School
Middle schools
Alex M. Martino Junior High School
Liberty Junior High School
See also
Webster v. New Lenox School District
External links
Official site
School districts in Will County, Illinois
Chorizocarpa is a genus of ascidian tunicates in the family Styelidae.
Species within the genus Chorizocarpa include:
Chorizocarpa guttata Michaelsen, 1904
Chorizocarpa michaelseni (Sluiter, 1900)
Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
Species names currently considered to be synonyms:
Chorizocarpa elegans (Quoy & Gaimard, 1834): synonym of Botryllus elegans (Quoy & Gaimard, 1834)
Chorizocarpa sydneiensis (Herdman, 1891): synonym of Chorizocarpa sydneyensis (Herdman, 1891)
References
Stolidobranchia
Tunicate genera
The 2003 DFB-Ligapokal Final decided the winner of the 2003 DFB-Ligapokal, the 7th edition of the reiterated DFB-Ligapokal, a knockout football cup competition.
The match was played on 28 July 2003 at the Bruchwegstadion in Mainz. Hamburger SV won the match 4–2 against Borussia Dortmund for their 1st title of the reiterated competition, and 2nd title including the 1972–73 edition.
Teams
Route to the final
The DFB-Ligapokal is a six team single-elimination knockout cup competition. There are a total of two rounds leading up to the final. Four teams enter the preliminary round, with the two winners advancing to the semi-finals, where they will be joined by two additional clubs who were given a bye. For all matches, the winner after 90 minutes advances. If still tied, extra time, and if necessary penalties are used to determine the winner.
Match
Details
References
2003
Borussia Dortmund matches
Hamburger SV matches
2003–04 in German football cups
Janet Ward (February 19, 1925 – August 2, 1995) was an American actor. They appeared in the films Fail Safe (1964), The Anderson Tapes (1971) and Night Moves (1975). They appeared in the television series Alfred Hitchcock Presents, Perry Mason, The Defenders, N.Y.P.D., Cannon, Barney Miller, Kojak and Law & Order.
They died of a heart attack on August 2, 1995, in Manhattan, New York City, New York at age 70.
Filmography
References
External links
1925 births
1995 deaths
20th-century American actores
American film actores
Bad or BAD may refer to:
Common meanings
Evil, the opposite of moral good
Erroneous, inaccurate or incorrect
Unhealthy, or counter to well-being
Antagonist, the threat or obstacle of moral good
Acronyms
BAD-2, a Soviet armored trolley car
Bank account debits tax, an Australian tax
Bcl-2-associated death promoter, a pro-apoptotic protein
Team B.A.D., a professional wrestling tag team
Films
Andy Warhol's Bad, a 1977 film
Bad, an unfinished film by Theo van Gogh
Music
Performers
B.A.D, the Taiwanese boy band, who formed in 1998
Big Audio Dynamite, Mick Jones' post-Clash band, from London
Royce da 5'9", the American rapper known as Bad, in the group Bad Meets Evil
Albums
Bad (album), a 1987 album by Michael Jackson
BAD, or Bigger and Deffer, the second album by LL Cool J, 1987
Songs
"Bad" (U2 song), 1984
"Bad" (Michael Jackson song), 1987
"Bad", from the 2011 album Symphony Soldier by the Cab
"Bad" (Wale song), 2013
"Bad" (David Guetta and Showtek song), 2014
"Bad!" (XXXTentacion song), 2018
"Bad" (James Bay song), 2019
"Bad", by Don Diablo, featuring Zak Abel, 2020
Other music
Bad (tour), a Michael Jackson world tour
Places
"Bad" is the German word for "bath/spa" and so is found in many placenames in German-speaking Europe, e.g. Bad Kissingen
Bad, Azerbaijan, a village in the Quba District
Bad, a village in the Agra district of India
Bad, Uttar Pradesh, a census town in India
Alternate name of Badrud, a city in Iran
Bad River (disambiguation), various rivers
Other uses
Bad (economics), the opposite of a good
Bad (cuneiform), a cuneiform sign
Little Miss Bad, a character in the Little Miss series of books by Roger Hargreaves
Banda languages, spoken in central Africa (ISO 639-2 and -5 codes "bad")
Barksdale Air Force Base, Bossier City, Louisiana, US (IATA airport code BAD)
See also
BADD (disambiguation)
List of people known as the Bad
Bad 25, 2012 special 25th anniversary edition of the Michael Jackson album Bad
Bad 25 (film), a 2012 documentary film about the Michael Jackson album
Samuel Hays (September 10, 1783July 1, 1868) was an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives for Pennsylvania's 22nd congressional district from 1843 to 1845.
Biography
Samuel Hays was born in County Donegal in the Kingdom of Ireland. In 1792, they emigrated to the United States with their mother, and settled in Franklin, Pennsylvania. They served as treasurer of Venango County, Pennsylvania in 1808. They were elected sheriff of Venango County in 1808, 1820, 1829, and in 1833. They were a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1813, 1816; 1823, and 1825, and served in the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 22nd district from 1839 to 1842. They were a member of the board of trustees of Allegheny College in Meadville, Pennsylvania, from 1837 to 1861. They served as brigadier general, commanding the First Brigade, Seventeenth Division, Pennsylvania Militia, from 1841 to 1843.
Hays was elected as a Democrat to the Twenty-eighth Congress. They were not a candidate for renomination in 1844. They were engaged in iron manufactures, operating furnaces on French Creek, near Franklin. In 1847, they were appointed marshal for the western district of Pennsylvania. They served as associate judge of the district court in 1856. They died in Franklin in 1868, interment in Old Town Cemetery and reinterment in Franklin Cemetery.
Hays' son, Major General Alexander Hays, was a noteworthy Union Army officer during the US Civil War and close personal friend of Ulysses S. Grant.
Footnotes
Sources
The Political Graveyard
|-
|-
1783 births
1868 deaths
19th-century American judges
19th-century American politicians
Burials in Pennsylvania
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Irish emigrants to the United States (before 1923)
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Pennsylvania district justices
Pennsylvania National Guard personnel
Pennsylvania state senators
People from Franklin, Pennsylvania
Politicians from County Donegal
United States Marshals
The 2009–10 Rose Bowl series was held in Australia from 10 February to 23 February 2010 in which included five Women's One Day International matches were played in Adelaide and Melbourne. In addition, three Women's Twenty20 International were contested. Australia Women won the WODI series by 5–0 and New Zealand Women won the WT20I series by 3–0.
And also held in New Zealand from 26 February to 7 March 2010 in which included three Women's One Day International matches and in addition two Women's Twenty20 International matches were contested. New Zealand Women won the T20I series by 2–0 and Australia Women won the WODI series by 3–0.
New Zealand in Australia
WODI series
1st WODI
2nd WODI
3rd WODI
4th WODI
5th WODI
WT20I series
1st WT20I
2nd WT20I
3rd WT20I
Australia in New Zealand
WT20I series
1st WT20I
2nd WT20I
WODI series
1st WODI
2nd WODI
3rd WODI
References
External links
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
Series home at ESPN Cricinfo
2009–10 Australian women's cricket season
2010 in New Zealand cricket
2010 in women's cricket
Australia women's national cricket team matches
New Zealand women's national cricket team matches
International women's cricket competitions in Australia
Women's One Day International cricket competitions
International cricket competitions in 2009–10
Ferdinand IV, Grand Duke of Tuscany (; 10 June 1835 – 17 January 1908) was the last Grand Duke of Tuscany from 1859 to 1860.
Biography
Born at Florence, they were the son of Leopold II, Grand Duke of Tuscany, and Princess Maria Antonia of the Two Sicilies.
Their first wife died on February 1859. Sometime later, they and their family were forced to flee Florence on 27 April 1859, with the outbreak of a revolution inspired by the outbreak of a war by France and Sardinia-Piedmont against Austria as part of the unification of Italy. The family took refuge in Austria. After the end of the war, Leopold II abdicated on 21 July and Ferdinand succeeded them as Grand Duke. Ferdinand proved unable to return to Florence to claim their throne, and an elected Tuscan National Assembly formally deposed them only a month later, on 16 August. Ferdinand still hoped to recover their throne, as both France and Austria had promised to recognize their rights to it in the Armistice of Villafranca. However, neither power was willing to take any steps to bring about their restoration; Sardinia would annex Tuscany on 22 March 1860, and with Austria recognizing the new Kingdom of Italy after the Third War of Independence in 1866, Ferdinand's hopes to reclaim the throne were ended.
Subsequently Ferdinand and their family returned to the Imperial House of Austria. While Ferdinand was allowed to keep the grand ducal title as a courtesy and retain their status as grand master of all Tuscan orders of chivalry for their lifetime, their descendants could only bear the title of "Archduke/Archduchess of Austria"; the right to bear the title "Prince/ss of Tuscany" became restricted solely to family members born before 1866. In 1870 Ferdinand relinquished all dynastic rights to the defunct Grand Duchy for themselves and their future heirs in favor of their second cousin, Emperor Franz Joseph I, effectively ending the House of Habsburg-Tuscany's status as a sovereign cadet branch.
Ferdinand died in Salzburg in 1908, after spending the rest of their life in exile. Upon their death, their descendants were barred from using their Tuscan titles by Imperial decree.
Family and children
They married twice and had issue:
From their first marriage in Dresden on 24 November 1856 to Princess Anna of Saxony, (Dresden, 4 January 1836 – Naples, 10 February 1859), daughter of King John I of Saxony, was born:
Archduchess Maria Antonietta (Florence, 10 January 1858 – Cannes, 13 April 1883). They became Princess-Abbess of the Theresian Convent in the Hradschin in Prague. Unmarried and without Issue.
From their second marriage in Frohsdorf on 11 January 1868 to Princess Alice "Alix" of Bourbon-Parma (Parma, 27 December 1849 – Schwertberg, 16 November 1935), daughter of Duke Charles III of Parma:
Archduke Leopold Ferdinand (1868–1935). They renounced their titles on 29 December 1902 and took the name Leopold Wölfling. They married three times, without issue.
Archduchess Louise (1870–1947). Married first King Frederick Augustus III of Saxony and after divorcing them married second Enrico Toselli and had issue by both marriages.
Archduke Josef Ferdinand (1872–1942). They married, firstly, Rosa Kaltenbrunner and, after divorcing them married, secondly Gertrud Tomanek, by whom they had issue. Both marriages were morganatic.
Archduke Peter Ferdinand, Prince of Tuscany (1874–1948). Married Princess Maria Cristina of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, and had issue.
Archduke Heinrich Ferdinand (1878–1969). A major general in the Austrian army, morganatically married Maria Karoline Ludescher, and had issue.
Archduchess Anna Maria (1879–1961). They married Johannes, Prince of Hohenlohe-Bartenstein; their granddaughter married Hans Veit, Count of Toerring-Jettenbach, son of Princess Elizabeth of Greece and Denmark.
Archduchess Margareta Maria (1881–1965)
Archduchess Germana Maria (1884–1955)
Archduke Robert Ferdinand (1885–1895)
Archduchess Agnes Maria (1891–1945)
Honours
Ferdinand received the following awards:
Grand Duchy of Tuscany:
Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Joseph
Grand Master of the Order of Saint Joseph, 21 July 1859
Grand Master of the Order of Saint Stephen, 21 July 1859
Grand Master of the Order of Civil and Military Merit, 21 July 1859
:
Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece, 1852
Grand Cross of the Royal Hungarian Order of St. Stephen, 1891
Grand Duchy of Baden:
Knight of the House Order of Fidelity, 1886
Knight of the Order of Berthold the First, 1886
: Knight of the Order of Saint Hubert, 1856
: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold (civil), 24 September 1856
: Bailiff Knight Grand Cross of Honour and Devotion, 19 December 1856
Kingdom of Prussia: Knight of the Order of the Black Eagle, 26 January 1861
: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Falcon, 12 January 1864
: Knight of the Order of the Rue Crown, 1856
: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown, 1882
Ancestry
See also
Risorgimento
Notes
External links
Genealogy of Ferdinand IV
Grand Ducal House of Tuscany
Ferdinand IV of Tuscany
Ferdinand IV of Tuscany
House of Habsburg-Lorraine
Austrian princes
Nobility from Florence
Ferdinand 4
Italian exiles
Grand Masters of the Order of Saint Joseph
Knights of the Order of Saint Joseph
Grand Crosses of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Knights of Malta
Burials at the Imperial Crypt
Alberto Victor Pil Fenix, Jr. (nicknamed Bert or Vic) is a Filipino business entrepreneur, starting, acquiring and growing enterprises where they are a stockholder, director and officer. Their experience has been in several and varied fields. Currently, they are chairperson and president of Fenix Management and Capital, Inc., their family investment holding and management company, president of Ivoclar Vivadent, Inc., a subsidiary of the worldwide and leading company in dental products Ivoclar Vivadent AG; and executive director of SPC Power Corporation which is a publicly-listed electric power and distribution company. They also sit in the boards of subsidiaries and affiliates of these companies, and as an independent director of another publicly-listed company, DM Wenceslao and Associates, Inc., a real estate development and construction company.
Early life and education
Fenix was born in Manila and grew up in Cotabato City, where they finished grade school in 1956 and high school in 1960, graduating as Valedictorian in both, at the Notre Dame of Cotabato. They were named one of the "Five Outstanding High School Students of the Philippines" in 1960 after a nationwide search sponsored by Philippine Airlines.
They then studied at the Ateneo de Manila University, graduating cum laude in 1964 with an A.B. in Mathematics. They were chosen as a Foreign Student Leader Grantee in 1964 by the United States State Department and they had the opportunity to visit several universities in the United States in the summer of 1963. They were named one of the "Ten Outstanding Students of the Philippines" in 1964. Fenix pursued graduate studies in Industrial Management at the Sloan School of Management of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, graduating with an S.M. in 1966, and a Ph.D. in 1968, with distinction as a Sloan School of Management Fellow and Alfred P. Sloan Foundation Fellow, respectively.
Career
In the United States
While in the United States, Fenix worked as a teaching fellow in MIT, a Computer Systems Consultant at the B.F. Goodrich Company in Akron, Ohio, and as a securities investment analyst at the Boston Company, Inc. in Boston, Massachusetts.
Return to the Philippines
Since returning to the Philippines in 1970, Fenix has been a business entrepreneur with experience in an array of sectors. They have been involved in investment and commercial banking, management consulting, real estate development and construction, life and casualty insurance, mining, shipping and logistics, production and processing of agricultural and fishery products, and manufacturing of cement, steel, machinery and parts, dental products, insulation materials, and specialty pulp.
Other activities and affiliations
Fenix also contributes their time serving in government Commissions and Governing Boards. They were a member of the governing board of the Technical Education and Skills Development Authority (TESDA), the Presidential Commission for Educational Reform, the Preparatory Commission for Constitutional Reform, and the Mindanao Development Council. They were a member, then chairperson, of the technical panel for business and Management Education at the Commission on Higher Education (CHED). They were a member of the board of regents of the Eulogio "Amang" Rodriguez Institute of Science and Technology, Leyte Normal University and the Southern Leyte State University.  They are currently a member of the board of trustees of the Angeles University Foundation and the AUF Medical Center.
Fenix is an acknowledged business leader, having been national president of the Metalworking Industries Association of the Philippines (MIAP), and the country's largest business organization, the Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PCCI). They continue to be ex officio member of the PCCI Board as honorary president.  They are also president of the PCCI Human Resources Development Foundation, Inc. since its inception in 2014.
Personal life
Fenix is married to Isabelita Banac. They have seven children and fourteen grandchildren.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Manila
People from Cotabato City
20th-century Filipino businesspeople
Businesspeople from Metro Manila
Ateneo de Manila University alumni
MIT Sloan Fellows
MIT Sloan School of Management alumni
21st-century Filipino businesspeople
San Marino has participated in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest three times since their debut in the contest. San Marino RTV (SMRTV), a member organisation of the European Broadcasting Union, is responsible for San Marino's participation.
History
San Marino had previously attempted to participate in the contest in 2011, in Yerevan, Armenia, however the national broadcaster withdrew before the contest as they had not found a representative in time. In 2013 and 2015, San Marino selected its entrant in an internally, while in 2014 it used "Vocine nuove Castrocaro" a selection.
San Marino made its debut in the contest in in Kyiv, Ukraine. According to Giovanni, the announcer of the Sammarinese points in 2013, San Marino used a jury.
In 2015, Michele Perniola, Sammarinese representative in 2013, and Anita Simoncini, a member of girlband The Peppermints who participated in 2014, were chosen together to perform in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015. San Marino announced that they would not return to the contest in .
Participation overview
Photogallery
Commentators and spokespersons
See also
San Marino in the Eurovision Song Contest
References
Countries in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest
San Marino
Megacopta is a genus of true bugs in the family Plataspidae.
Species
Megacopta bicolor Hsiao & Jen 1977
Megacopta bituminata (Montandon 1897)
Megacopta breviceps (Horváth 1879)
Megacopta caliginosa (Montandon, 1893)
Megacopta callosa (Yang, 1934)
Megacopta centronubila (Yang, 1934)
Megacopta centrosignata (Yang, 1934)
Megacopta cribraria (Fabricius, 1798) (kudzu bug)
Megacopta cribriella Hsiao & Jen, 1977
Megacopta cycloceps Hsiao & Jen, 1977
Megacopta dinghushana Chen, 1989
Megacopta distanti (Montandon, 1893)
Megacopta fimbriata (Distant, 1887)
Megacopta fimbrilla Li, 1981
Megacopta horvathi (Montandon, 1894)
Megacopta hui (Yang, 1934)
Megacopta laeviventris Hsiao & Jen, 1977
Megacopta liniola Hsiao & Jen, 1977
Megacopta lobata (Walker, 1867)
Megacopta longruiana Ren, 2000
Megacopta punctatissima (Montandon, 1894)(Japanese common plataspid stinkbug)
Megacopta rotunda Hsiao & Jen, 1977
Megacopta subsolitaris (Yang, 1934)
Megacopta tubercula Hsiao & Jen, 1977
Megacopta verrucosa (Montandon, 1897)
Megacopta w-nigrum (Varshney, 1965)
Symbionts
Bacterial symbionts are necessary for Megacopta bugs to digest soybean plant material.
References
Further reading
External links
Shield bugs
Melbourne Opera was founded in 2002 as a charitable not-for-profit company dedicated to producing opera and associated art forms in Melbourne, Victoria. With philanthropic assistance it has also toured to outer-suburban and regional Victorian theatres, as well as to Canberra and Hobart interstate. Despite receiving no government funding since its foundation, the company mounts between three to five main stage productions each year. Its principal rehearsal and performance home is the Athenaeum Theatre.
Melbourne Opera is the business and trading name of South East Regional Touring Opera Ltd. The corporate name was changed on 1 June 2007 to reflect the Company's much expanded geographical scope.
History
Melbourne Opera's inaugural season consisted of La traviata directed by Blair Edgar, a new production of Bizet's The Pearl Fishers using Bizet's restored 1863 score, and Mozart's The Magic Flute, directed by Caroline Stacey. A proposed merger with Melbourne City Opera, in 2005, did not proceed. In 2006 the company's first large scale tour commenced with a production of Don Giovanni travelling to Ballarat, Benalla, Frankston, Geelong, Hobart, Plenty Ranges, Sale, Warrnambool, and the Theatre Royal, Hobart. From 2010 to 2018 the company partnered with Monash University to bring performances to its Clayton Campus. In 2017 Melbourne Opera established the Richard Divall Emerging Artists Programme. In 2020 the company announced that it was embarking on a four-year project to perform Wagner's Der Ring des Nibelungen, commencing with Das Rheingold. This production was postponed due to the global outbreak of COVID-19 and was premiered in early 2021. It was the first independent production of Der Ring des Nibelungen to be staged Australia in over 100 years.
Productions
2003 La traviata (Verdi), The Pearl Fishers (Bizet), The Magic Flute (Mozart)
2004 Madama Butterfly (Puccini), Rigoletto (Verdi), Così fan tutte (Mozart)
2005 Madama Butterfly (Puccini), The Tell-Tale Heart (Dennis Vaughan)**, Die Fledermaus (Johann Strauss II)
2006 Don Giovanni (Mozart), The Barber of Seville (Rossini), Madama Butterfly (Puccini)
2007 Madama Butterfly (Puccini), Carmen (Bizet), Cavalleria rusticana (Mascagni), Suor Angelica (Puccini), The Italian Girl in Algiers (Rossini), The Barber of Seville (Rossini).
2008 La bohème (Puccini), The Marriage of Figaro (Mozart), I puritani (Bellini)
2009 La traviata (Verdi), The Barber of Seville (Rossini), Maria Stuarda (Donizetti)
2016 The Abduction from the Seraglio (Mozart), Tannhäuser (Wagner), Anna Bolena (Donizetti)*
2017 H.M.S. Pinafore (Gilbert and Sullivan), Lohengrin (Wagner), Roberto Devereux (Donizetti)
2018 Tristan und Isolde (Wagner), Der Rosenkavalier (Richard Strauss), Otello (Rossini)*
2019 The Flying Dutchman (Wagner), Norma (Donizetti)
2020 Fidelio (Beethoven)
2021 Das Rheingold (Wagner), Macbeth (Verdi)
* Australian premiere
** World premiere
† Concert performance
Governance
Melbourne Opera is charitable company governed by a board; the current chair is Michael Flemming. There is also a chairperson's advisory council consisting of twenty leading figures drawn from the opera and business world.
Patrons
Patron-in-Chief: Lady Potter AC CMRI
Patron: Maestro Richard Bonynge AC CBE
Founding Patrons: Sir Zelman Cowen AK GCMG GCVO KStJ QC, Prof Richard Divall AO OBE, Sir Rupert Hamer AC KCMG, Lady Hamer, Dame Elisabeth Murdoch AC DBE, Dame Joan Sutherland OM AC CBE.
Orchestra
The Melbourne Opera Orchestra was founded in 2003 and has developed into an ensemble in its own right. In December 2015/January 2016, and December 2016/January 2017 the orchestra undertook a concert tour of China.
Conductors
Greg Hocking AM is Melbourne Opera's conductor-in-residence and Raymond Lawrence is Head of Music. Guest conductors include John Dingle, Richard Divall, Patrick Burns, Ben Hudson, David Kram AM, , Anthony Negus, Aldo Salvagno, Warwick Stengards and Matthew Toogood.
Stage Directors
Directors who have worked with the company include: Bruce Beresford, Greg Carroll, Suzanne Chaundy, Blair Edgar, Hugh Halliday, Plamen Kartaloff, Robert Ray, and Caroline Stacey.
Richard Divall Emerging Artists Programme
The Richard Divall Emerging Artists Programme was created to honour the memory of Maestro Richard Divall AO OBE, supported by a bequest made by Melbourne born soprano, Sylvia Fisher. Upon their death, Fisher made this bequest to ensure the continuing support of the development new artists of operatic excellence in their hometown, Melbourne. Divall was closely involved in the planning and creation of this program before their death in 2017. The first intake of performers was in 2018.
The Programme aims to develop singers of great potential to a performance-ready standard, focusing on providing opportunities for emerging opera singers to experience the pressure of intensive role preparation, rehearsal and performance in a professional setting whilst continuing artistic development with tailored high quality coaching, workshops, master classes and mentoring.
References
External links
Australian opera companies
Musical groups established in 2002
2002 establishments in Australia
Performing arts in Melbourne
Diazaborine B is a chemical compound that inhibits maturation of rRNAs for the large ribosomal subunit.
References
Organoboron compounds
Sulfonamides
Hetty King was a British Music hall entertainer.
Hetty King may also refer to:
Hetty King, a character in the Canadian television series Road to Avonlea, played by the actor Jackie Burroughs
Hetty King, spouse of James Green Martin
Rahkla may refer to several places in Estonia:
Rahkla, Vinni Parish, village in Lääne-Viru County, Estonia
Rahkla, Rakvere Parish, village in Lääne-Viru County, Estonia
The Conspiracy of Fire Nuclei (, abbrev. SPF), also translated as Conspiracy of Fire Cells or Conspiracy of Cells of Fire, is a anarchist urban guerrilla organization based in Greece. The SPF first surfaced on 21 January 2008, with a wave of 11 firebombings against luxury car dealerships and banks in Athens and Thessaloniki. Monthly waves of arson have been followed by proclamations expressing solidarity with arrested anarchists in Greece and elsewhere. In September 2009, following an escalation to the use of crude time bombs, four suspected members of the group were arrested. In November 2010 two more suspects were arrested while attempting to mail parcel bombs to embassies and EU leaders and organizations.
History
The Conspiracy of Fire Nuclei (SPF) conducted its first wave of nearly simultaneous firebombing attacks using gas canister bombs at around 01:00 on 21 January 2008, to express solidarity with an arrested anarchist. At 17:00 on 20 February an incendiary device was detonated at the Athens law firm of Anastasios Papaligouras, former Minister for Justice. An employee was cut by flying glass. The following day, assailants detonated incendiary devices as part of eight separate attacks across parts of Attica, targeting banks, an insurance company and several vehicles.
The group was credited with at least four attacks in 2009. On 7 July, an explosion occurred outside the house of Panagiotis Chinofotis, a former Minister of Internal Affairs and decorated Admiral of the Hellenic Navy with a tenure as a former Head of the Armed Forces of Greece. The bomb, using gunpowder in a pressure cooker, was subsequently claimed by the Conspiracy of Fire Nuclei, asserting that Chinofotis bore some of the responsibility for the murder of Alexandros Grigoropoulos, the young student whose killing by police officers in December 2008 had led to the 2008 Greek riots. On October 30 a similar device was detonated outside the Athens home of Marietta Giannakou, a prominent conservative opposition Member of the European Parliament, causing minor damage and no injuries. On 14 November a bomb detonated in front of the home of Panhellenic Socialist Movement deputy Mimis Androulakis in the Kareas suburb of eastern Athens. The SPF claimed the attack. On 28 December a more powerful bomb went off in the Athens district of Neos Kosmos, damaging the Ethniki Asfalistiki insurance building off Syngrou Avenue. The group's proclamation announced a new alliance with a group that had access to real explosives.
The SPF took credit for further attacks in 2010, including the explosion of a makeshift bomb on 9 January outside the Greek parliament building, causing minor damages and no injuries, and three bomb attacks on 20 March relating to the immigration issue. The bombs attacked the offices of Greek Nationalist party Golden Dawn, causing significant damage, the home of a Pakistani community leader in Athens, causing slight damage and no injuries, and a bus shelter outside a police station along Petrou Ralli Street in Athens, which had been implicated in several instances of police violence against immigrants, including the death of two Pakistanis in custody at the station. The latter explosion caused minimal damage and no injuries.
Parcel bombs
On 1 November 2010, a parcel bomb addressed to the Mexican Embassy in Athens exploded in the office of a courier company, scorching the hands of the employee who handled it. A second package, containing a similar bomb (a small quantity of gunpowder from fireworks) addressed to offices of Eurojust in the Netherlands, was destroyed in a controlled explosion. Two suspects were arrested after police cordoned off the affected area. Both were wearing wigs and armed with Glock pistols, and one was wearing a bulletproof vest. They were in possession of two other explosive parcels, one addressed to French President Nicolas Sarkozy and the other to the Belgian Embassy.
By the evening of Tuesday the 3rd of November the police had found an extra 9 parcel bombs addressed to the Athenian embassies of Bulgaria, Chile, Germany, Mexico, Russia, Switzerland and The Netherlands. Two of the explosive packages exploded on the grounds of the Russian and Swiss embassies respectively. With one reaching the offices of Angela Merkel in Berlin and another addressed to Silvio Berlusconi intercepted on a courier plane. There were a total of 14 bombs counted for.
Greek authorities halted international airmail for 48 hours on 3–4 November 2010, following the mail bombings, and the police were reported to be searching for members of the SPF in relation to the attacks.
In March 2017, a parcel bomb meant for German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble was intercepted. Conspiracy of Fire Cells claimed responsibility for sending that device as the second act in "Project Nemesis". They are also suspected of having sent the parcel bomb that injured an IMF employee in Paris on 16 March. The letter was sent from Greece.
2010-2011 Dutch cell
The Conspiracy Cells of Fire, Dutch Cell claimed through June 2010 to February 2011 several arsons on office towers in Utrecht, including the Rabobank headquarters in Utrecht as well as a cyberattack on Rabobank's website. The cell claimed in its communique: “The attacks on the fascists of Rabobank are dedicated with all our fire to our brothers of the prisoner's cell of the members of Conspiracy Cells of Fire and the oppressed people of the world. Our comrades and the honest minority of dignified revolutionary Persons political and civil, are not just a piece of our struggle, are not only an aspect of our action, but their choices, attitudes and dignity are the struggle itself as a whole, they are the substance."
2010 Athens courthouse bombing
On 30 December 2010, a motorcycle bomb caused major damage to an Athens courthouse, the blast caused massive damage to the courthouse as well as smashing nearby windows and wrecking at least 8 cars. No injuries were sustained as police had evacuated the area after a warning call. A communique appeared online signed "Conspiracy Nuclei of Fire" stated that “We dedicate the attack at the court house to our brothers,” targeting the court before the trial of 13 of its suspected members on January 17, 2011.
2011 police shootout
In May 2011 a shootout occurred in an Athens suburb between police officers and an individual suspected to be linked to the SPF. Two officers were wounded, as was the suspect. The suspect's fingerprints were allegedly found in an apartment in Volos where numerous SPF members had been previously arrested. A second suspect was reported to have been involved in the shootout, but it is unclear whether that individual was apprehended.
Arrests and escapes
In June 2019, Giannis Michalidis, alleged by police to be a member of Conspiracy Cells of Fire known as “The Syntagma Archer”, escaped from the agricultural prison of Tyrintha. In the same month two Anarchist robbers and an associate with alleged ties to The Conspiracy Cells of Fire were arrested attempting to rob a money delivery van in Thessaloniki. The two men, Yiannis Dimitrakis and Costas Sakkas attempted to rob a delivery van at Thessaloniki's AHEPA Hospital posing as a doctor and patient before being apprehended by Counter-Terrorism officers.
Ideology
Two SPF proclamations published in athens.indymedia.org on 19 May 2010, explained that SPF represented a "third pole" of anarchist thought in Greece, anarcho-individualism, contrasting it with social anarchism and insurrectionary anarchism. In their published text "The Sun Still Rises", they put forward a redefinition of the concept of revolutionary "organization" as an entity consisting of many groups and individuals of various backgrounds, united through a common critique of capitalist society and a commitment to "immediate freedom" through urban guerrilla tactics.
Foreign reaction
The organization was designated as a terrorist group on 13 October 2011, by the U.S. Department of State.
References
External links
Our Lives of Burning Vision
Mapping the Fire
R.O – Conspiracy of Cells of Fire
Who are the Conspiracy of Fire Cells? by Brady Kiesling
Claim of responsibility for Parcel Bomb mailed too Wolfgang Schaeuble
Anarchist organizations in Greece
Anarchist militant groups
Insurrectionary anarchism
Organizations designated as terrorist by the United States
Organizations designated as terrorist in Europe
2008 establishments in Greece
Terrorism in Greece
Windmill Point Light may refer to:
Windmill Point Light (Michigan), in Detroit, Michigan
Windmill Point Light (Vermont), in Lake Champlain
Windmill Point Light (Virginia), in the Chesapeake Bay
Windmill Point Light (Ontario), in Prescott, Ontario, Canada
{{Infobox concert
|concert_tour_name=Twelve Carat Tour
|image=
|image_size= 280 px
|border=yes
|artist=Post Malone
| album = Twelve Carat Toothache
|start_date=September 10, 2022
|end_date=November 16, 2022
|number_of_legs=1
|number_of_shows=33
|support_act=Roddy Ricch
|last_tour=Runaway Tour (2019-2020)
|this_tour=Twelve Carat Tour(2022)
|next_tour=
}}
The Twelve Carat Tour is the ongoing fourth concert tour by American rapper and singer Post Malone, in support of their fourth studio album Twelve Carat Toothache (2022). The tour began in Omaha on September 10, 2022 and is set to conclude in Los Angeles on November 16, 2022.
Background
On June 13, 2022, Post announced their fourth concert tour, along with their opener, fellow American rapper and singer Roddy Ricch, who joined them on the European leg of the Beerbongs & Bentleys Tour'' in 2019. On June 17, additional shows were added in Toronto, Boston, New York City, Inglewood, and Los Angeles.
Setlist
This set list is from the concert on September 11, 2022, in Saint Paul. It is not intended to represent all concerts for the duration of the tour.
"Reputation"
"Wow."
"I Like You (A Happier Song)"
"Wrapped Around Your Finger"
"Better Now"
"Psycho"
"Candy Paint
"I Fall Apart"
"Euthanasia"
"Stay"
"Go Flex"
"Circles"
"Love/Hate Letter to Alcohol"
"Take What You Want"
"When I'm Alone"
"Over Now"
"Rockstar"
"Insane"
"Cooped Up" (with Roddy Ricch)
"Sunflower"
"One Right Now"
"Congratulations"
“White Iverson”
Tour dates
Notes
References
2022 concert tours
Post Malone
Báidín Fheilimí is a traditional Irish song, which originates in the Gaeltacht region in the north-west of County Donegal. It is usually taught to young children. The lyrics are in Irish and is based on the immortalization of a small boat owned by a man called Feilimí (Phelim).
It has been covered by artists such as Na Casaidigh, Sinéad O'Connor, Angelo Branduardi, and Emmet Spiceland.
There are some alternative versions of the last verse, either mentioning the boatload of fish or omitting it. The latter is common in more recent versions, wherein the easier verse Báidín Fheilimí is Feilimí ann is used.
It is the title song on a collection of traditional Irish songs for children recorded by children from the Northwest Donegal Gaeltacht near Gabhla the island mentioned in the song.
The lyrics refer to the islands of Gola and Tory off the coast of Gweedore
Lyrics
The lyrics, which are in the public domain, are as follows:
Báidín Fheilimí d'imigh go Gabhla,
Báidín Fheilimí is Feilimí ann.
Báidín Fheilimí d'imigh go Gabhla,
Báidín Fheilimí is Feilimí ann.
Curfá
Báidín bídeach, báidín beosach,
Báidín bóidheach, báidín Fheilimí.
Báidín díreach, báidín deontach,
Báidín Fheilimí is Feilimí ann.
Báidín Fheilimí d'imigh go Toraí,
Báidín Fheilimí is Feilimí ann.
Báidín Fheilimí d'imigh go Toraí,
Báidín Fheilimí is Feilimí ann.
Báidín Fheilimí briseadh i dToraí,
Báidin Fheilimí is Feilimi ann.
Báidín Fheilimí briseadh i dToraí,
Báidin Fheilimí is Feilimi ann.
Báidín Fheilimí briseadh i dToraí,
Iasc ar bhord agus Feilimí ann.
Báidín Fheilimí briseadh i dToraí,
Iasc ar bhord agus Feilimí ann.
English translation
Felimi's little boat went to Gola,
Felimi's little boat and Felimi in it.
Felimi's little boat went to Gola,
Felimi's little boat and Felimi in it.
Chorus
A tiny boat, a lively boat,
A charming boat, Felimi's little boat.
A straight boat, a willing boat,
Felimi's little boat and Felimi in it.
Felimi's little boat went to Tory,
Felimi's little boat and Felimi in it.
Felimi's little boat went to Tory
Felimi's little boat and Felimi in it.
Felimi's little boat broke on Tory,
Felimi's little boat and Felimi in it.
Felimi's little boat broke on Tory,
Felimi's little boat and Felimi in it.
Felimi's little boat broke on Tory,
Fish on board and Felimi in it.
Felimi's little boat broke on Tory,
Fish on board and Felimi in it.
References
Year of song unknown
Songwriter unknown
Songs in Irish
Freshwater is a 2016 American thriller film written and directed by Brandeis Berry, starring Zoë Bell, Joe Lando, Amy Paffrath, and Alison Haislip. Dread Central likened the film's premise to the 2011 horror film Shark Night.
Plot
Set in Louisiana, the film centers around a group of twenty-something young adults that are faced with a scary reality as they realize they are being hunted around their lake house by a giant alligator. A local reptile consultant (Zoe Bell) teams up with the local law enforcement to find out what might be happening.
Cast
Zoe Bell as Brenda Gray
Joe Lando as Sheriff Jones
Amy Paffrath as Kim Whitley
Alison Haislip as Claudia Mosley
Tom O'Connell as Agent Sam Colton
John Bobek as Matt Hanton
Christopher Biewer as Deputy Clyde
Derrick Redford as Jason Hightower
Donnabella Mortel as Jamie Castell
Michael St. Michaels as Bob
Faisal Al-Saja as Travis Beecher
Marti Hale as Mary
John V. Ward as John Castleberry
Kevin Wayne as Trooper Ford
Brian Waters as Agent Ray
Release
The film was released on DVD in the US on February 14, 2017. It was released in the UK on DVD on June 6, 2016.
Novelization
A novelization of the film was released in July 2021 by novelist Julian Michael Carver. In 2022, the novelization was nominated for the Scribe Award by the International Association of Media Tie-In Writers for "Best Adapted Novel", alongside the novelizations of Alien 3 and Halloween Kills.
References
External links
Dread Central article
American horror thriller films
Films about crocodilians
Giant monster films
2010s thriller films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The Original Soundtrack to the film South Pacific was released in 1958. The film was based on the 1949 musical South Pacific by Rodgers and Hammerstein. The composers had much say in this recording, with many of the songs performed by accomplished singers rather than the actors in the film. Mitzi Gaynor and Ray Walston (who had played Luther Billis in the original national tour and in the original London production) were the only two leading performers who did their own singing in the film (and on the soundtrack album). The roles of Emile DeBecque, Bloody Mary and Joe Cable were sung by Giorgio Tozzi, Muriel Smith (who had played the role in the original London production) and Bill Lee, respectively.
The album became a major success, reaching No.1 in both the US and UK. In the US, the album stayed at No.1 for seven months - the fourth longest run ever. In the UK, the album remained in the top five for 27 consecutive weeks before reaching No.1 in November 1958. It stayed at the top for a record-breaking 115 weeks (the first 70 of these consecutively—including the whole year of 1959), and remained in the top five for 214 weeks. As of 2006, the album has sold 1,803,681 copies in the United Kingdom.
Track listing
The songs on the soundtrack LP and CD are arranged in the order that they appear in the Broadway musical, not in the order in which they appear in the film.
Side One
"South Pacific Overture" (3:03)
"Dites-moi" (1:19)
"A Cockeyed Optimist" (1:45)
"Twin Soliloquies" / "Some Enchanted Evening" (5:53)
"Bloody Mary" (1:57)
"My Girl Back Home" (1:42)
"There Is Nothin' Like a Dame" (3:50)
"Bali Ha'i" (3:41)
Side Two
"I'm Gonna Wash That Man Right Outa My Hair" (2:56)
"I'm in Love with a Wonderful Guy" (3:23)
"Younger Than Springtime" (4:59)
"Happy Talk" (3:46)
"Honey Bun" (1:48)
"You've Got to Be Carefully Taught" (1:15)
"This Nearly Was Mine" (2:12)
"Finale" (2:58)
Chart positions
Certifications and sales
References
Film scores
1958 albums
RCA Records soundtracks
Various artists albums
The Italian Chess Federation (Italian: Federazione Scacchistica Italiana (FSI)) was established in 1920.
The first Italian Chess Championship took place at Viareggio 1921.
The 1998 Championship was held 21–29 November in Saint-Vincent.
The ten-player field had an average Elo rating of 2390.
GM Igor Efimov won the round-robin tournament with 6.5/9, a half point ahead of GM Michele Godena and IM Bruno Belotti.
National Tournaments (unofficial championships)
{| class="sortable wikitable"
! Year !! City !! Winner !! Tournament
|-
|| 1875 || Rome || Pietro Seni || I Torneo Nazionale
|-
|| 1878 || Livorno || Luigi Sprega || II Torneo Nazionale
|-
|| 1881 || Milan || Carlo Salvioli || III Torneo Nazionale
|-
|| 1883 || Venice || Fermo Zannoni || IV Torneo Nazionale
|-
|| 1886 || Rome || Fermo Zannoni || V Torneo Nazionale
|-
|| 1892 || Turin || Vittorio Torre || VI Torneo Nazionale
|-
|| 1900 || Rome || Arturo Reggio || I Torneo dell'USI
|-
|| 1901 || Venice || Arturo Reggio || II Torneo dell'USI
|-
|| 1905 || Florence || Arturo Reggio || III Torneo dell'USI
|-
|| 1906 || Milan || Giovanni Martinolich || IV Torneo dell'USI
|-
|| 1911 || Rome || Matteo Gladig || V Torneo dell'USI
|-
|| 1912 || Viareggio || Alberto Batori || 1°Torneo "L'Italia Scacchistica"
|-
|| 1913 || Bologna || Arturo Reggio || 2°Torneo "L'Italia Scacchistica"
|-
|| 1916 || Milan || Arturo Reggio || 1°Torneo Nazionale "Crespi"
|-
|| 1919 || Milan || Stefano Rosselli del Turco || 2°Torneo Nazionale "Crespi"
|-
|| 1920 || Viareggio || Stefano Rosselli del Turco || 3°Torneo "L'Italia Scacchistica"
|-
|| 1922 || Milan || Stefano Rosselli del Turco || 3°Torneo Nazionale "Crespi"
|}
Italian Championships
| valign="top" |
{| class="sortable wikitable"
! # !! Year !! City !! Women's Winner
|-
| 1 || 1938 || Milan || Clarice Benini
|-
| 2 || 1939 || Rome || Clarice Benini
|-
| 3 || 1973 || Coloretta di Zeri || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 4 || 1974 || Coloretta di Zeri || Barbara Pernici
|-
| 5 || 1975 || Valenza Po || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 6 || 1976 || Bari || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 7 || 1977 || Cattolica || Barbara Pernici
|-
| 8 || 1978 || Latina || Barbara Pernici
|-
| 9 || 1979 || Bratto || Barbara Pernici
|-
| 10 || 1980 || Latina || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 11 || 1981 || Amelia || Barbara Pernici
|-
| 12 || 1983 || Turin || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 13 || 1985 || Milan || Gisella Facchini
|-
| 14 || 1987 || Aosta || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 15 || 1988 || Aosta || Ada Paizis
|-
| 16 || 1989 || Aosta || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 17 || 1990 || Aosta || Giuliana Fittante
|-
| 18 || 1991 || Gorgonzola || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 19 || 1992 || Formia || Rita Gramignani
|-
| 20 || 1993 || Formia || Giusy Parrino
|-
| 21 || 1994 || Formia || Alessandra Riegler
|-
| 22 || 1995 || Formia || Alessandra Riegler
|-
| 23 || 1996 || Mantua || Alessandra Riegler
|-
| 24 || 1997 || Porto San Giorgio || Veronika Goi
|-
| 25 || 1998 || Cesenatico || Alessandra Riegler
|-
| 26 || 1999 || Porto San Giorgio || Sonia Sirletti
|-
| 27 || 2000 || Imperia || Giuliana Fittante
|-
| 28 || 2001 || Imperia || Alba Decataldo
|-
| 29 || 2002 || Bratto || Laura Costantini
|-
| 30 || 2003 || Bratto || Maria De Rosa
|-
| 31 || 2004 || Bratto || Maria Santurbano
|-
| 32 || 2005 || Bratto || Eleonora Ambrosi
|-
| 33 || 2006 || Bratto || Roberta Brunello
|-
| 34 || 2007 || Fiuggi || Fiammetta Panella
|-
| 35 || 2008 || Bratto || Marina Brunello
|-
| 36 || 2009 || Bratto || Marianna Chierici
|-
| 37 || 2010 || Bratto || Maria De Rosa
|-
| 38 || 2011 || Montecatini Terme || Roberta Messina
|-
| 39 || 2012 || Acqui Terme || Tea Gueci
|-
| 40 || 2013 || Porto San Giorgio || Maria De Rosa
|-
| 41 || 2014 || Fano || Alessia Santeramo
|-
| 42 || 2015 || Giovinazzo || Daniela Movileanu
|-
| 43 || 2016 || Perugia || Daniela Movileanu
|-
| 44 || 2017 || Cosenza || Olga Zimina
|-
| 45 || 2018 || Salerno || Marina Brunello
|-
| 46 || 2019 || Padova || Elena Sedina
|}
|}
References
List of winners and standings on Italian Chess Federation website: Italian Championship, Italian Women's Championship
Chess national championships
Championship
1921 in chess
Recurring sporting events established in 1921
Chess
Ludwig IX may refer to:
Louis IX, Duke of Bavaria (1417–1479)
Louis IX, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt (1719–1790)
Let's Go Steady Again is a compilation album containing the works of American pop singer Neil Sedaka. It was released in the US in 1976 on the RCA Victor label. It contains some of Sedaka's lesser-known hits that they recorded during their years with RCA from 1959-1966.
This album is not to be confused with another album of the same name, released in 1979 in Great Britain on the RCA Camden label.
Track listing
All of the songs here listed saw 45 rpm singles releases during Sedaka's days with RCA, and eight of them charted at the time of their original release.
Side A
(1) "Let's Go Steady Again" (1963)
Peaked at #26 on the pop charts in 1963
(2) "Circulate" (1961)
B-side of "Alice in Wonderland" in 1963; title track of the Circulate album in 1961
(3) "The Dreamer" (1963)
Peaked at #47 on the pop charts in 1963
(4) "Bad Girl" (1963)
Peaked at #33 on the pop charts in 1963
(5) "I Go Ape!" (1959)
Peaked at #42 on the pop charts in 1959; reached #9 on British pop charts
Side B
(6) "The World Through A Tear" (1965)
Peaked at #76 on the pop charts in 1965
(7) "One-Way Ticket (To The Blues)" (1959)
B-side of "Oh! Carol" in 1959, reached #1 on Japanese pop charts in 1960
(8) "Alice In Wonderland" (1963)
Peaked at #17 on the pop charts in 1963
(9) "Sunny" (1964)
Peaked at #86 on the pop charts in 1964
(10) "The Answer To My Prayer" (1965)
Peaked at #89 on the pop charts in 1965-1966
1976 compilation albums
Neil Sedaka compilation albums
Ana Sofía Sánchez Palau (; born 13 April 1994) is a Mexican tennis player.
Sánchez has won 13 singles and 10 doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
Them best result so far on the WTA Tour in singles came when they reached the second round at the Monterrey Open in 2018. They beat Usue Maitane Arconada in the first round, before losing to Sachia Vickery.
In doubles, they reached the semifinal in Florianopolis in August 2016 with partner Montserrat González. The pair lost to third-seeded Tímea Babos and Réka Luca Jani, in straight sets.
On 28 June 2021, they reached their best singles ranking of world No. 248. On 15 August 2016, they peaked at No. 221 in the WTA doubles rankings.
In 2012, Sánchez made their debut for the Mexico Fed Cup team.
Grand Slam singles performance timeline
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 25 (13 titles, 12 runner–ups)
Doubles: 27 (10 titles, 17 runner–ups)
Fed Cup/Billie Jean King Cup participation
Singles
Notes
References
1994 births
Living people
People from San Luis Potosí City
Mexican female tennis players
Sportspeople from San Luis Potosí
Pan American Games competitors for Mexico
Tennis players at the 2015 Pan American Games
Central American and Caribbean Games gold medalists for Mexico
Competitors at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games
Central American and Caribbean Games medalists in tennis
20th-century Mexican women
21st-century Mexican women
The 1983 Major League Baseball All-Star Game was the 54th edition of the midsummer classic between the all-stars of the American League (AL) and National League (NL), the two leagues comprising Major League Baseball. The game was held on July 6 at Comiskey Park in Chicago, Illinois, the home of the Chicago White Sox of the American League. The Wednesday night game resulted in a 13–3 American League victory. The game celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of the All-Star Game, and occurred exactly 50 years to the date of the first All-Star game, also at Comiskey Park. This was the 54th game, as no game was held in 1945, while two were held each year from 1959 through 1962.
This was the fifth All-Star Game played in Chicago, and the third to be hosted by the White Sox at Comiskey Park (1933, 1950), with two by the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field (1947, 1962). This was the last time the All-Star Game was played in the venue where the annual exhibition began. When the White Sox next hosted the All-Star Game twenty years later in 2003, they had moved across the street to their new home at U.S. Cellular Field.
The game was the first American League win in twelve years, and only the second AL win since 1962. The thirteen runs scored by the American League set a new record for one team in All-Star Game history. The ten-run margin of victory was the largest since the 12–0 American League victory in 1946.
The game is perhaps best remembered for Fred Lynn's grand slam off Atlee Hammaker of the Giants, part of a big third inning for the home team. As of , it is still the only grand slam in the history of the Midsummer Classic. During that third inning, the American League set All-Star Game records for the most hits (6) and runs (7) by a single team in their half-inning - all off Hammaker.
Prior to the first pitch, Chuck Mangione played the Canadian national anthem on their flugelhorn, while the Oak Ridge Boys sang the Star-Spangled Banner. The colors were presentated by the Great Lakes Naval Training Center Color Guard, which previously presented at the 1947, 1950, and 1963 games; they did the honors again in 1990 and 2003.
For this golden anniversary, there was also an "Old Timer's Game" played on Tuesday, the day before the All-Star game. Because Independence Day was on Monday this year, the All-Star break did not begin until that evening, as the holiday included a full slate of day games.
Rosters
Players in italics have since been inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.
National League
American League
Game
Umpires
George Maloney was the last home plate umpire to work an All-Star game wearing the outside chest protector long favored by umpires in the American League. Maloney was one of only four active umpires in 1983 still using the outside protector. They and Russ Goetz retired following the 1983 season. Bill Kunkel soldiered on while battling cancer, succumbing in May 1985. Jerry Neudecker, the last outside protector holdout, retired after the 1985 season.
Starting lineups
Game summary
The first inning gave notice this would be one of the sloppiest All-Star games in history. Steve Sax led off the game by reaching on an error by AL starting pitcher Dave Stieb. Sax stole second and scored when next batter Tim Raines grounded to Stieb and Stieb threw wildly past Rod Carew at first. Raines reached third, but couldn't score as Stieb struck out the side; Andre Dawson, Dale Murphy, and Mike Schmidt all fanned.
The AL tied it in their half of the first on a sacrifice fly by George Brett and took the lead in the second on another sac fly by Robin Yount. The Giants' Atlee Hammaker came in to pitch for the NL in the bottom of the third and promptly had one of the worst innings by a pitcher in All-Star Game history. Jim Rice led off with a homer, followed by a Brett triple. Dave Winfield singled home Brett. Manny Trillo singled, and Carew drove home Winfield with a two-out single. Hammaker then intentionally walked right-handed hitter Yount to face Fred Lynn, a left-handed hitter. Lynn made the NL pay for the move with the only grand slam hit in All-Star game history. When the dust cleared, the AL had a 9-1 lead and Hammaker had given up six hits and seven runs in an inning, both All-Star game records that still stand.
The NL gamely fought back on RBI singles by Murphy in the fourth and Sax in the fifth, but that was all they would get. In the seventh, Lou Whitaker had an RBI triple and Willie Wilson an RBI double for the AL. The AL capped off the scoring when Brett scored on a fly ball hit by Whitaker that Pedro Guerrero dropped and Rickey Henderson drove in Cecil Cooper with a groundout.
Footnotes and references
External links
Baseball-Reference.com
Lineups, boxscore, and more
Major League Baseball All-Star Game
Major League Baseball All-Star Game
Baseball in Chicago
1980s in Chicago
1983 in Illinois
Major League Baseball All Star Game
July 1983 sports events in the United States
Sports competitions in Chicago
Michoacán de Ocampo is a town in Baja California in Mexicali Municipality, around 14 miles southeast of Mexicali. The town had a population of 3,086 as of 2010. The population of Michoacán de Ocampo has grown by 21 people, about 0.69% since 2005.
References
Mexicali Municipality
Populated places in Baja California
David Merdy (born 19 December 1975 in France) is a French retired footballer.
References
French footballers
Living people
Association football forwards
1975 births
Stade Rennais F.C. players
ES Troyes AC players
ASOA Valence players
Wasquehal Football players
William Leonard Dunderdale (6 February 1915 – 11 January 1989) was an English association footballer who played as a centre forward.
Playing career
Born in Lincolnshire, Dunderdale started their career at Goole Town in the East Riding of Yorkshire. They joined Sheffield Wednesday as a 19-year-old amateur in March 1934, turning professional at the end of the season. After being released in June 1935, they joined Walsall the following year. During their first full season for the club, they scored seven goals in one reserve game. In their second, they scored a hat-trick in Walsall's 3–1 win over Watford on 23 October 1937. Dunderdale was sold to Watford in 1938, for a fee of £1,000. Their spell at Vicarage Road was a short one; they played 33 games in all competitions, and ended up being the club's top scorer with 21 goals, including a hat-trick in their final game.
However, Dunderdale did not actually finish the season at Watford; in March 1939 the club accepted a £3,750 bid for their services from Leeds United. Their competitive Leeds career was cut short by the Second World War. During this time they made wartime appearances for Grimsby Town, Mansfield Town, Lincoln City and Watford. After the war they returned to Watford, although they were less successful than before. They had put on considerable weight, and became unpopular with supporters, eventually being granted a free transfer in 1948. They joined Kent League outfit Sittingbourne for the 1948–49 season, before retiring as a player.
Later career
Following their retirement, Dunderdale fulfilled coaching and scouting roles at various clubs, including Berkhamsted Town, Sun Sports and Watford. They died in Saxilby, Lincolnshire on 11 January 1989, aged 73.
References
1915 births
1989 deaths
People from Willingham by Stow
English footballers
English Football League players
Goole Town F.C. players
Sheffield Wednesday F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
Watford F.C. players
Leeds United F.C. players
Grimsby Town F.C. wartime guest players
Lincoln City F.C. wartime guest players
Mansfield Town F.C. wartime guest players
Watford F.C. wartime guest players
Watford F.C. non-playing staff
Sittingbourne F.C. players
Association football forwards
In the theory of relativity, four-acceleration is a four-vector (vector in four-dimensional spacetime) that is analogous to classical acceleration (a three-dimensional vector, see three-acceleration in special relativity). Four-acceleration has applications in areas such as the annihilation of antiprotons, resonance of strange particles and radiation of an accelerated charge.
Four-acceleration in inertial coordinates
In inertial coordinates in special relativity, four-acceleration is defined as the rate of change in four-velocity with respect to the particle's proper time along its worldline. We can say:
where
, with the three-acceleration and the three-velocity, and
and
is the Lorentz factor for the speed (with ). A dot above a variable indicates a derivative with respect to the coordinate time in a given reference frame, not the proper time (in other terms, ).
In an instantaneously co-moving inertial reference frame , and , i.e. in such a reference frame
Geometrically, four-acceleration is a curvature vector of a worldline.
Therefore, the magnitude of the four-acceleration (which is an invariant scalar) is equal to the proper acceleration that a moving particle "feels" moving along a worldline. A worldline having constant four-acceleration is a Minkowski-circle i.e. hyperbola (see hyperbolic motion)
The scalar product of a particle's four-velocity and its four-acceleration is always 0.
Even at relativistic speeds four-acceleration is related to the four-force: where is the invariant mass of a particle.
When the four-force is zero, only gravitation affects the trajectory of a particle, and the four-vector equivalent of Newton's second law above reduces to the geodesic equation. The four-acceleration of a particle executing geodesic motion is zero. This corresponds to gravity not being a force. Four-acceleration is different from what we understand by acceleration as defined in Newtonian physics, where gravity is treated as a force.
Four-acceleration in non-inertial coordinates
In non-inertial coordinates, which include accelerated coordinates in special relativity and all coordinates in general relativity, the acceleration four-vector is related to the four-velocity through an absolute derivative with respect to proper time.
In inertial coordinates the Christoffel symbols are all zero, so this formula is compatible with the formula given earlier.
In special relativity the coordinates are those of a rectilinear inertial frame, so the Christoffel symbols term vanishes, but sometimes when authors use curved coordinates in order to describe an accelerated frame, the frame of reference isn't inertial, they will still describe the physics as special relativistic because the metric is just a frame transformation of the Minkowski space metric. In that case this is the expression that must be used because the Christoffel symbols are no longer all zero.
See also
Four-vector
Four-velocity
Four-momentum
Four-force
Four-gradient
Proper acceleration
References
External links
Curvature vector on Britannica
Four-vectors
Acceleration
Madhavapeddi is an Indian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Madhavapeddi Satyam (1922–2000), Telugu singer and stage actor
Madhavapeddi Suresh (born 1951), Indian music composer
Surnames of Indian origin
Lawrence Mintoff is a Maltese judge.
See also
Judiciary of Malta
References
External links
http://www.independent.com.mt/articles/2019-05-12/newspaper-letters/Shocking-sentence-by-Judge-Lawrence-Mintoff-6736207951
http://www.independent.com.mt/articles/2014-07-22/opinions/mr-justice-lawrence-mintoff-5927075842/
Living people
20th-century Maltese judges
21st-century Maltese judges
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Robert Leonard may refer to:
Robert Sean Leonard (born 1969), American actor
Robert Z. Leonard (1889–1968), American film director
Robert A. Leonard, forensic linguist and original member of Sha Na Na
See also
Bob Leonard (disambiguation)
Andreas Raelert (born 11 August 1976) is a German triathlete. Their younger brother, Michael Raelert, is also a triathlete.
On 10 July 2011, Raelert broke the world record time for an Ironman Triathlon distance race at the Challenge Roth event in Roth, Germany. Finishing in a time of 7 hours, 41 minutes and 33 seconds, they beat Marino Vanhoenacker's record time of 7:45:58 set just a week before. However, since Raelert's time was not at an official Ironman event, Vanhoenacker's time remains the fastest at an Ironman-sanctioned event.
Raelert competed in the first Olympic triathlon event at the 2000 Sydney Olympics. They took twelfth place with a total time of 1:49:31.28. They competed again four years later, at the 2004 Athens Olympics. This time, they achieved sixth place with a time of 1:52:35.62 on the more difficult course.
In 2008, Raelert won the silver at the 2008 70.3 Ironman World Championships.
Raelert finished 2nd in the 2010, 2012 and 2015 Ironman World Championships. They also collected a 3rd-place finish at the 2011 Championship event.
Notes
External links
German male triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
1976 births
Living people
Olympic triathletes of Germany
The Annual Auckland Theatre Awards (colloquially The Hackmans, and not to be confused with the Auckland Community Theatre Awards) are annual performing arts awards presented by in Auckland New Zealand. The awards are normally presented at the Civic Theatre in Auckland. The Excellence Awards were introduced in 2014, and are judged by a panel of four to six industry judges. There is also a People's Choice section of awards. The awards were founded by Kip Chapman and Rachel Forman in 2008, and handed over to Eli Matthewson and Sophie Dowson in 2014.
Awards for 2020
There were no awards presented for 2020.
Awards for 2019
The awards for 2019 were presented at the Civic on 16 January 2020.
Awards for 2018
The awards for 2018 were presented through a Facebook livestream rather than the usual live event at the Civic.
Awards for 2017
The 9th Annual Auckland Theatre Awards were presented in the Wintergarden at The Civic on 4th December 2017. The ceremony was hosted by Johanna Cosgrove and directed by Sam Snedden. Jacinda Ardern presented the Hackman Cup. Jennifer Ward-Lealand presented the Excellence Awards.
Awards for 2016
The awards for theatre during 2016 were presented on the 5th December 2016. The Excellence awards, which were presented by Jennifer Ward-Lealand, were judged by former Metro editor Simon Wilson, producer Angela Green, The Pantograph Punch founding editor, Rosabel Tan, and actor and director Jason Te Kare.
Awards for 2015
The awards for 2015 were awarded on 7 December of that year. The judges for the Excellence awards were Metro editor Simon Wilson, producer Angela Green, playwright Sam Brooks, actor and director Jason Te Kare, costume designer Elizabeth Whiting and vocal coach Linda Cartwright.
Awards for 2014
The awards for 2014 were announced on the 1 December of that year. The organisers introduced an Excellence Award section, judged by a panel of six. Jacinda Ardern, who was a Labour MP and shadow minister for the arts, presented some of the awards. A nationwide initiative to honour service and dedication to theatre was also premiered. The Service Honour medals were awarded for achieving 25, 50 or 100 professional productions. Recipients were Silo Theatre director Sophie Roberts, playwright Roger Hall and actor Jennifer Ward-Lealand.
References
External links
Auckland Theatre Awards Facebook page
New Zealand theatre awards
Performing arts in New Zealand
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1572.
Events
January 3 – James Burbage, on behalf of Leicester's Men, writes to their patron, Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester, requesting that they be given the special status of "household servants".
unknown dates
Vagabonds Act in England prescribes punishment for rogues. This includes actors' companies lacking formal patronage.
George Gascoigne becomes a "soldier of fortune" in the Low Countries.
New books
Remy Belleau – La Bergerie (2nd edition)
Rafael Bombelli – L'Algebra
John Field – A View of Popish Abuses yet remaining in the English Church
Libro d'Oro of Corfu
Bishops' Bible (revised version)
New drama
Jean de la Taille – Saül le furieux
Poetry
Luís de Camões – Os Lusiadas
Fernando de Herrera – Canción por la Victoria del Señor don Juan
Thomas Palfreyman – Divine Meditations
Births
January 7 – Antoine de Gaudier, French Jesuit theologian (died 1622)
January 22 (the earliest possible date) – John Donne, English poet and Dean of St Paul's (died 1631)
June 11 (approximate) – Ben Jonson, English Renaissance dramatist, poet and actor (died 1637)
July 25 – Theodorus Schrevelius, Dutch Golden Age poet (died 1649)
Unknown date – James Mabbe, English scholar, poet and translator (died 1642)
Deaths
March 27 – Girolamo Maggi, Italian poet and polymath (born c. 1523)
April 12 – Jean Crespin, French martyrologist and printer (born c. 1520)
June 28 – Johannes Goropius Becanus, Dutch humanist writer and linguist (born 1519)
September 23 – Henry Scrimgeour, Scottish diplomat and book collector (born 1505)
September – Denis Lambin, French classicist (born 1520)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Vittorio Valentinis is an Italian lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1982 World Rowing Championships in Lucerne with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Living people
Carlos Fabián Maldonado (born 30 July 1963) is a Venezuelan football manager and former player who played as a central midfielder.
Maldonado was nicknamed "Carlitos" during their playing career.
Club career
Born in Montevideo, Uruguay, Maldonado played professional football in Venezuela, Argentina, Brazil and Colombia.
International career
They obtained a total number of 20 caps for the Venezuela national football team, scoring four goals. All their goals came at the 1989 Copa América.
Personal life
 They are the father of Giancarlo Maldonado, who also started a professional football career.
References
External links
1963 births
Living people
Footballers from Montevideo
Venezuelan footballers
Venezuela international footballers
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
1987 Copa América players
1989 Copa América players
1991 Copa América players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Brazil
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Brazil
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Colombia
Deportivo Táchira F.C. players
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Fluminense FC players
Caracas FC players
Categoría Primera A player
Venezuelan football managers
Mineros de Guayana managers
UA Maracaibo managers
Deportivo Táchira F.C. managers
Zulia F.C. managers
The Vickers Type 432 was a British high-altitude fighter aircraft developed by the Vickers group during the Second World War. Intended to enable the Royal Air Force to engage the enemy's high-altitude bomber aircraft, it was to be armed with six cannons.
Design and development
The origins of the Type 432 lay with a requirements set out in 1939 for twin-engined fighters with 20 or possibly 40 mm cannon. Vickers had set out a proposal for a Griffon-engined aircraft, equipped with a 40 mm cannon in a flexible mounting. This was subsequently encouraged by the Air Ministry. Further development was carried out for a design that could also meet F.6/39 for a fixed gunfighter with 20mm cannon. Specification F.22/39 was drawn up to cover the 40mm project as the Vickers 414 to meet Operational Requirement (OR) 76.
This was subsequently revised with aircraft redesigns to become specifications F.16/40 and then F.7/41 for OR. 108.
In appearance it resembled a larger version of the de Havilland Mosquito and was known as the "Tin Mosquito". The pilot had a pressurised cockpit in the nose, with a bubble dome, similar to an enlarged astrodome. The pressurised cockpit took up the nose section so the cannon would have been fitted in a fairing below the fuselage, to the rear of the aircraft.
The aircraft's elliptical wing was built using a unique stressed-skin structure, designed by Barnes Wallis for lightness. The top and bottom were manufactured separately, and then clamped together at the leading and trailing edges, this being named "peapod" or "lobster-claw" structure. This allowed a large internal space unobstructed by ribs, hence capable of housing large fuel tanks (similar to Wallis's geodetic designs).
Operational history
The first prototype Type 432 DZ217 was flown on 24 December 1942. Initial trials revealed serious handling difficulties on the ground, the aircraft snaking while taxiing, necessitating aft movement of the mainwheels to correct the bad tracking. In flight tests, the Type 432 was unable to be landed in a standard "three-point" stance resulting in the replacement of the Irving-type ailerons with new Westland types along with an alteration of tail settings. The estimated maximum speed of 435 mph (700 km/h) at 28,000 ft (8,535 m) was never attained as the Merlin 61 engines did not run satisfactorily above 23,000 ft (7,010 m).
When the competing Westland Welkin was ordered into production, the second prototype of the Vickers fighter, the Type 446, was cancelled, before completion, on 1 May 1943. The first prototype was retained by Vickers for test purposes until the end of 1944, when the aircraft was scrapped after completing only 28 flights.
Specifications
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
\
External links
Vickers 432 – British Aircraft Directory
1940s British fighter aircraft
Type 432
Cancelled military aircraft projects of the United Kingdom
Low-wing aircraft
Twin piston-engined tractor aircraft
Alexei Yefimenko (born August 20, 1985) is a Belarusian ice hockey player.
International
Yefimenko competed in the 2013 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Belarus men's national ice hockey team.
They were named to the Belarus men's national ice hockey team for competition at the 2014 IIHF World Championship.
References
External links
1985 births
Living people
Belarusian ice hockey forwards
Buran Voronezh players
GKS Tychy (ice hockey) players
HC Dinamo Minsk players
HC Shakhtyor Soligorsk players
HC Sibir Novosibirsk players
HK Brest players
HK Mogilev players
Metallurg Zhlobin players
People from Slavgorod
Yunost Minsk players
Sir Arthur Norman Galsworthy (1 July 1916 – 7 October 1986) was a British soldier and diplomat. They were educated at Emanuel School and the University of Cambridge. In 1967, they were established a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG).
In 1970, they were appointed by the British government to serve as the Governor of Pitcairn Islands and High Commissioner to New Zealand. In 1973, they were established the Ambassador to the Republic of Ireland, where they served from 1973 to 1976.
Personal background
Galsworthy is the father of the diplomat, Sir Anthony Galsworthy. Their brother, Sir John Galsworthy KCVO, CMG was the British Ambassador to Mexico 1972–1977.
Arms
References
External links
GALSWORTHY, Sir Arthur (Norman)', Who Was Who, A & C Black, 1920–2008; online edn, Oxford University Press, Dec 2007 accessed 17 May 2011
1916 births
1986 deaths
High Commissioners of the United Kingdom to New Zealand
Ambassadors of the United Kingdom to Ireland
People educated at Emanuel School
Governors of Pitcairn
The national colours of the Czech Republic () are one of the national symbols of the Czech Republic, which officially represent the Czech Republic. The colours forming tricolour are in the following order: white, red and blue. The national colours come from the flag of the Czech Republic.
History
Traditional colours of Bohemia were white and red. These colours were derived from the coat of arms of Bohemia, but after Czechoslovakia became established, the blue colour was added to distinguish colours from the Polish ones.
During Nazi Germany occupation of the Czech lands, these colours were used for the flag of the Protectorate.
Although the colours weren't recognized official symbol in the Socialist Constitution from the 1960, the colours still remained in usage, especially during manifestations – such as the Prague Spring or the Velvet Revolution.
The colours are recognized as one of the official symbols of the independent Czech Republic from 1993.
Usage
The national colours are used for indication of the state property and for decoration during state ceremonials. Furthermore, they are used in the medal ribbons, and coffin wreath ribbons. During public holidays some people wear national colours ribbons on commemorative purposes.
Gallery
See also
National symbols of the Czech Republic
Czech Republic
Colours
Deividas Matulionis (born on 2 September 1963), is a Lithuanian politician and diplomat, who is currently the ambassador to NATO since 2020.
They were the former Chancellor of the Prime Minister of Lithuania.
Matulionis had also served as the ambassador to Germany from 2012 to 2017, as well as the Ambassador to Denmark from 2001 to 2006.
Biography
Deividas Matulionis was born in Vilnius on 2 September 1963.
In 1986, they graduated from the Faculty of Industrial Economics of Vilnius University. From 1986 to 1991, they studied at VU EF Department of Economic Theory Assistant.
In 1991 they moved to the Lithuanian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where they held various positions.
From 1991 to 1993, they were a Senior Specialist, First Secretary of the Nordic Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Lithuania. From 1993 to 1994 was the Chargé d'Affaires to Republic to Estonia In 1994, they were promoted to the Adviser to the Embassy of Lithuania in Estonia. From 1994 to 1995, they were an adviser to the Embassy of Lithuania in Norway. From 1995 to 1997, they were an Adviser to the Embassy of Lithuania in Denmark.
They served as the Head of the Scandinavian Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1997 to 1998, and in 1998 they were appointed to the Head of the Foreign Affairs Department of Western European countries.
Between 1998 and 2001 they were a consultant to the Lithuanian government on international relations.
From 2001 to 2006, Matulionis was the ambassador to Denmark. From 2006 to 2007, they served as the Director of Economic Security Policy at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Iceland.
Before becoming State Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in 2007, they headed the Economic Security Policy Department.
From 2007 to 2009, they were the Minister of State.
In 2009, Matulionis was chancellor to the Prime Minister of Lithuania, Andrius Kubilius.
In 2011, they were named Civil Servant of the Year in the elections of Veidas magazine.
On 23 October 2012, Matulionis became the ambassador to Germany.
The Lithuanian Independence Act was in Berlin on 29 March 2017, while Matulionis. Matulionis was shown to the public together with the German Minister of State, Michael Roth.
They were replaced by Darius Semaška on 11 July 2017.
From 2017 to 2018 they were an advisor to the Lithuanian Prime Minister Saulius Skvernelis.
In 2019, they were the chairperson of the government working group that prepared the funeral ceremonies for the remains of the January insurgents in Vilnius.
From 6 February 2018 to 10 April 2020, they were the first deputy chancellor of the government, they worked as First Deputy Chancellor in the Government Chancellery of Lithuania.
On 20 April 2020, Matulionis became the Ambassador to NATO.
Personal life
Matulionis is married and has two children. they speak English, German, Russian and Danish.
References
1963 births
Living people
Lithuanian politicians
Lithuanian diplomats
Ambassadors of Lithuania to Germany
Ambassadors of Lithuania to Denmark
Permanent Representatives of Lithuania to NATO
American singer Darius Rucker gained fame as the lead singer of the American roots rock band Hootie & the Blowfish before emerging as a major country music singer in 2008. As a solo artist, their discography comprises seven studio albums, including five for Capitol Nashville. Their singles since 2008 have all been released to the country music format, where they have had nine number-one singles on the Country Airplay chart: "Don't Think I Don't Think About It", "It Won't Be Like This for Long", "Alright", "Come Back Song", "This", "Wagon Wheel", "If I Told You", "For the First Time", and "Beers and Sunshine".
Studio albums
2000s
2010s
Compilation albums
Singles
2000s
2010s and 2020s
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Other appearances
Music videos
See also
Hootie & the Blowfish#Discography
Notes
References
Discographies of American artists
Country music discographies
Discography
This list of songs about Dubai is a list of songs about Dubai, UAE.
The Establishment & Sal Davies "Back in Dubai“ (1984)
"Song for Dubai" by Dubai 2020. Great Expo fun record
"Arab Money" (2008) by Busta Rhymes on the album, Back on My B.S.
Mo Mansour ft. Emma Hayes - "Dubai State of Mind" (2011)
Jasim Feat. Adel Ebrahim - "Emarati - Dubai Expo 2020 Song" (2012)
Fermel Fuentes, Mazhar Farooqui and Sarat Singh - "Ain't No City Like Dubai" (2013)
Virgin Radio & Kris Fade Show - "Dubai Expo 2020 Celebratory Song" (2013)
DJ flo.ri.an - "This is Dubai" (2014)
Huncho Jack ft. Offset - "Dubai S**t"
Tyga -Dubai Drip
References
Dubai
Dubai in popular culture
Songs about cities
Charles James Cockerill (1787 – 1837) was a British entrepreneur.
Cockerill was the son of William Cockerill and was in business with their brothers John and William Jr. Together with their brother John, they married a daughter of the Aachen industrialist Philipp Heinrich Pastor on the same day. They married Catherina and John married Johanna. In 1816 the two brothers went into business with William II of the Netherlands and founded the Cockerill company in Seraing, near Liège. James retired in 1820, leaving control of the business to John.
James and Catherina had the children Amalia (who married Cockerill plant manager Barthold Suermondt), Philipp Heinrich, Adele, Charles James II, Charles Frederic, Nancy, and Caroline. After their death they were survived by their wife and children. Since their brother died in 1840 without issue the family fortune was managed by Barthold, and together with the Adele Cockerill foundation, they founded the Suermondt-Ludwig-Museum.
References
1787 births
1837 deaths
British industrialists
19th-century British businesspeople
Valentina Hvale Pellizzer is a sexual rights human rights activist and feminist internet writer. They facilitated seminars, conferences and workshops on ICT, technology, digital storytelling, citizen journalism, digital security and privacy throughout the world.  They are known for connecting women's rights, sexual rights, the internet politically and practically and as an advocate for a feminist internet in Bosnia and Herzegovina and wider.  They are also known for having founded the alternative feminist portal zenskaposla.ba in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Personal
They were born and raised in Italy. They completed their BA in Faculty of Law at the University of Messina in Italy. Pelizzer lives and works in Sarajevo as of 1999.
Work
Pellizzer left Italy in 1994 and started humanitarian work and provision of aid and support for refugees and victims of war in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina.  They are interested in Western Balkan political, civil society environment and Women's Rights Movement from within BiH and wider. In 2003 they founded non-profit organisation One World Platform for Southeast Europe, on women's human rights, internet rights and transformative power of technology. From 2006 to 2016, they were the global coordinator for the Bosnia and Herzegovina Take Back the Tech! campaign on raising awareness of how ICTs are connected to violence against women, the firstsuch campaign in Bosnia and Herzegovina. From 2010 to 2013 they were one of the tutors and lecturers at “Žarana Papić” school, organised by “Zene Zenama”. In 2014 together with One World Platform they organised and led the first ICT training in Balkans region on violence against women, privacy and on-line security Women Rock IT. In 2015, under the leadership of Pellizzer, One World Platform co-organized the first Internet Governance forum event in BiH.
During 2014 Unrest in Bosnia and Herzegovina, they were a active member of Plenum of citizens for which they stated:
As feminist internet writer, Pellizzer's work has appeared in: East Journal, Regional Cooperation Council, Gender.it. Since 2007 to 2017, they have been a regular contributor for Global Information Society Watch, and is also a supporting author of Handbook on Securing Online and Offline Freedoms for Women.
References
Italian women's rights activists
Italian feminists
21st-century Italian women writers
Jacqueline Gail "Jackie" Huggins (born 19 August 1956) is an Aboriginal Australian author, historian, academic and advocate for the rights of Indigenous Australians.  They are a Bidjara/Pitjara, Birri Gubba and Juru woman from Queensland.
they are co-chair of the Eminent Panel advising the Queensland Government on the process truth-telling and future treaties with Indigenous peoples.
Early life and education
Jacqueline Gail Huggins was born in Ayr, Queensland, on 19 August 1956, the daughter of Jack and Rita Huggins.  They are of the Bidjara / Pitjara (Central Queensland) and Biri / Birri Gubba Juru (North Queensland) peoples. Them family moved to Inala in Brisbane when they were young and they attended Inala State High School. They left school at age 15 to assist their family and worked as a typist with the Australian Broadcasting Commission at Toowong, Queensland, from 1972 to 1978. Thereafter they joined the Commonwealth Department of Aboriginal Affairs in Canberra. In 1980 they returned to Brisbane and was a field officer in the Department of Aboriginal Affairs.
Huggins' son was born in 1985. Huggins enrolled at the University of Queensland in 1985, graduating with a BA (Hons) in history and anthropology in 1987. They earned a Diploma of Education (Aboriginal Education) in 1988. Part of their practical training included eight weeks teaching in Ti-Tree, north of Alice Springs. Huggins completed an honours degree in history/women's studies (1989) from Flinders University in Adelaide, South Australia.
Career
Huggins was co-chair of Reconciliation Australia (with Fred Chaney and Mark Leibler), the chair of the Queensland Domestic Violence Council, co-commissioner for Queensland for the National Inquiry into the Separation of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Children from Their Families (1995–1997) and a member of the Council for Aboriginal Reconciliation, the AIATSIS Council, National NAIDOC Committee (1979–1983), and the Review of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Commission (ATSIC) in 2003. They have also served on many other boards and organisations in various capacities.
They have published a wide range of essays and studies dealing with Indigenous history and identity.  They are the author of Sistergirl (1998), and co-author, with their mother Rita, of the critically acclaimed biography Auntie Rita (1994).
Huggins was a member of the working party involved in the creation of the First Nations Australia Writers Network (FNAWN) in 2012, and remains patron of the organisation.
Huggins was a deputy director of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Unit at the University of Queensland until 2017, and then co-chaired the National Congress of Australia's First Peoples with Rod Little until 2019.
In 2019, after the Queensland Government announced its interest in pursuing a pathway to an Indigenous treaty process, the Treaty Working Group and Eminent Treaty Process Panel were set up, with Huggins and Michael Lavarch co-chairing the Eminent Panel. Their Path to Treaty Report was tabled in Queensland Parliament in February 2020. Huggins said that a process of truth-telling, acknowledging the history of Australia, is a "vital component to moving on". On 13 August 2020, the government announced that it would be supporting the recommendation to move forward on a path to treaty with First Nations Queenslanders.
Huggins, with their sister Ngaire Jarro, wrote the story of their father, Jack, who spent three years as a Japanese prisoner of war during World War II, and was forced to work along with around 13,000 others on the Burma-Thailand railway. The book, entitled Jack of Hearts: QX11594, was published in 2022. Jack was not treated badly upon their return, as many Aboriginal diggers were, and became the first Aboriginal man to work for Australia Post, the first Aboriginal surf lifesaver in Ayr in the 1930s, and the only Indigenous man to play rugby league both before and after the war.
Recognition
1996: Auntie Rita won the 1996 Stanner Award for Indigenous Literature from AIATSIS.
2000: Queensland Premier's Millennium Award for Excellence in Indigenous Affairs
2001: Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for their work with Indigenous people, particularly in reconciliation, literacy, women's issues and social justice.
2001: Centenary Medal for distinguished service to the community through the promotion of reconciliation
2006: Doctor of the University of Queensland honoris causa
2007: Fellow the Australian Academy of Humanities
2007: University of Queensland Alumnus of the Year
Selected works
As co-author
(Reissued in 2020.)
References
Further reading
– Links to 4 articles by Huggins, 2003–2004.
1956 births
Australian biographers
Australian historians
Australian women historians
Bidjara (Warrego River)
Flinders University alumni
Indigenous Australian writers
Living people
Members of the Order of Australia
Recipients of the Centenary Medal
University of Queensland alumni
University of Queensland faculty
Writers from Queensland
Women biographers
Australian feminist writers
Indigenous Australian feminists
Fellows of the Australian Academy of the Humanities
Michael "Mick" Coelli is an Australian academic and labour economist.  They are currently a professor of economics at the University of Melbourne.
They appear in the Australian media on the topic of economics and has been published in The Conversation, The Melbourne Institute, and The Tax and Transfer Policy Institute.
Their research papers mainly focus on the Australian labour market, education economics, and gender earnings gaps.
Career
Coelli completed a Bachelor of Commerce with honours in economics from the University of New South Wales, and a Master of Arts and PhD in economics from the University of British Columbia.
 They are currently Associate Professor of Economics at the University of Melbourne.
Publications
Borland, J. & Coelli, M. (2022). The Australian labour market and the digital economy. Economic implications of the digital economy, Sydney, pp. 63-.
Borland, J. & Coelli, M. (2021). Is It 'Dog Days' for the Young in the Australian Labour Market? AUSTRALIAN ECONOMIC REVIEW, 54(4), pp. 421-444. doi:10.1111/1467-8462.12431
Coelli, M., Borland, J. (2019) Behind the Headline Number: Why not to Rely on Frey and Osborne's Predictions of Potential Job Loss from Automation. SSRN Electronic Journal.
References
Living people
Australian economists
University of Melbourne alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of New South Wales alumni
University of British Columbia alumni
Inverernie (Gaelic: Inbhir Fhearna) is a small settlement, with a local shop, within Farr and the wider area of Strathnairn in the Highlands of Scotland. This corner of Farr was originally home to Inverernie Estate before it was later sold in the mid 20th century.
The spelling of Inverernie accidentally changed to 'Inverarnie' in the latter half of the 20th century, and has remained so ever since. There is also a small croft named 'Inverarnie' half a mile south of Inverernie, below the hill Meall Mòr, whose name is another variation of the Gaelic 'Inbhir Fhearna'. Although both derive from the same Gaelic name, natives have always made a distinction between the two pronunciations.
Since the 15th Century, Clan MacPhail was found mainly in the lands around Inverernie.
References
Populated places in Inverness committee area
Franz Joseph Maria Ludwig Anton Thassilo Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden (English: Prince Francis Joseph of Hohenzollern-Emden; 30 August 1891 – 3 April 1964) was a member of the Roman Catholic branch of the House of Hohenzollern. They were born as Prince Franz Joseph of Hohenzollern and adopted the surname Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden in 1933.
Early life
Franz Joseph was born in Heiligendamm in the Grand Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the second son of Wilhelm, Prince of Hohenzollern and Princess Maria Teresa of Bourbon-Two Sicilies. They had a twin brother, Prince Friedrich, Prince of Hohenzollern, who was born a few minutes before they are.
Military service
During World War I Franz Joseph served in Germany's Imperial Navy (Kaiserliche Marine) as the second torpedo officer on the light cruiser SMS Emden at the Battle of Cocos. The SMS Emden had an extraordinary record capturing British ships, and as a result all those who served on her, including Franz Joseph, were given the right to add the ship's name to the end of their surnames. Since Germany had converted titles of nobility into family names in 1919, they became Franz Joseph Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden.
In 1925 Franz Joseph wrote a book recording their naval service, Emden: Meine Erlebnisse auf S.M Schiff Emden (Leipzig: Eckstein, 1925), translated into English and published as Emden: My Experiences in S.M.S. Emden (reprinted as Emden: The Last Cruise of the Chivalrous Raider, 1914, Brighton: Lyon, 1989, ).
Franz Joseph also had the rank of Konteradmiral in the Romanian Naval Forces.
Nazi Party membership
In 1933 Franz Joseph became a member of the Schutzstaffel (SS) (member number 276 691). On 1 April 1936, they became a full member of the Nazi Party with membership number 3765580. As a leading Roman Catholic nobleman and a near relative of the Habsburg, Bourbon, and Saxon dynasties, Franz Joseph did much to lend respectability to the Nazi Party.
From 1939 to 1944 Franz Joseph commanded a marine flak battery at the Cuxhaven naval base. In June 1944 they were released from active service. In November 1944 they were expelled from the SS together with other upper class Nazis whose devotion was becoming suspect in the face of Germany's, by then, near-certain defeat. In a letter to Heinrich Himmler dated 3 January 1945, Franz Joseph proclaimed their continued devotion to the Nazi cause and unsuccessfully begged to be readmitted to the SS.
Marriage and family
On 25 May 1921, Franz Joseph married their second cousin Princess Maria Alix of Saxony (1901–1990), a daughter of Friedrich August III of Saxony and Archduchess Luise, Princess of Tuscany. Their twin brother was married to Maria Alix's sister, Princess Margarete Karola of Saxony (1900–1962).
Franz Joseph and Maria Alix had four children:
Karl Anton Friedrich Wilhelm Ludwig Maria Georg Manuel Rupprecht Heinrich Benedikt Tassilo Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden; born on 28 January 1922 in Munich, Bavaria, Germany; died on 3 November 1993 in Hechingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany; married in Rome, Italy on 15 August 1951 to Alexandra Afif (16 November 1919 - 26 June 1996)
Meinrad Leopold Maria Friedrich Christian Ferdinand Albert Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden; born on 17 January 1925 in Sigmaringen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany; died on 9 September 2009 in Murnau Hechendorf, Germany; married (civil) in Frankfurt, Germany on 25 August 1971 and (religious) in Sigmaringen on 11 September 1971 to Edina Freijn von Kap-Herr (born 23 August 1938
Maria Margarethe Anna Viktoria Luise Josephine Mathilde Theresia vom Kinde Jesu Prinzessin von Hohenzollern-Emden; born on 2 January 1928 in Sigmaringen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany; died on 4 August 2006 in Hechingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany; married (civil) in Hechingen 18 December 1965 and (religious) at Burg Hohenzollern, Hechingen on 18 December 1965 to Duke Carl Gregor of Mecklenburg, second son of George, Duke of Mecklenburg head of the House of Mecklenburg-Strelitz
Emanuel Joseph Maria Wilhelm Ferdinand Burkhard Prinz von Hohenzollern-Emden; born in Munich, Bavaria, Germany on 23 February 1929; died in Hechingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany on 8 February 1999; married (civil and religious) at Burg Hohenzollern on 25 May 1968 to Katharina Feodora Adelheid Sabine Sophie Felicitas Sieglinde, Princess of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach (born 30 November 1943) a granddaughter of William Ernest, the last Grand Duke of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach; divorced in 1985
Franz Joseph lived with their family at Villa Eugenia in Hechingen.
Franz Joseph died on 3 April 1964 at Tübingen, Baden-Württemberg. They and their wife are buried in the Erlöserkirche in Sigmaringen.
Ancestry
References
External links
1891 births
1964 deaths
Princes of Hohenzollern-Sigmaringen
German Roman Catholics
Royalty in the Nazi Party
Imperial German Navy personnel of World War I
People from Sigmaringen
People from the Province of Hohenzollern
Baum Opera House is a historic mansard style opera house located in Miamisburg Ohio, United States. It was built in 1884 by Charles Baum who had originally named it the Star City Opera House. At the time, it was one of the finest opera houses in Ohio. Since the turn of the 20th century, Baum has had many uses, such as a bowling alley, a roller skating rink, a dinner theater, and the site of the first basketball game for Miamisburg High School. It was renamed Junior Hall in the 1940s and hosted several dances. It would later be known as Friendship Hall and served on and off as a dance hall and bar. By the mid 1990s the building sat empty and was bought at a Sheriff's sale. Today the location is very up-to-date and is used as a meeting hall, reception hall, musical event venue. It also contains a small museum for fire fighting paraphernalia and Miamisburg history.
References
External links
Website
Buildings and structures in Montgomery County, Ohio
Miamisburg, Ohio
Tourist attractions in Montgomery County, Ohio
Music venues completed in 1884
The men's 90 kg competition in judo at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro was held on 10 August at the Carioca Arena 2.
The gold and silver medals were determined by a single-elimination tournament, with the winner of the final taking gold and the loser receiving silver. Judo events awarded two bronze medals. Quarterfinal losers competed in a repechage match for the right to face a semifinal loser for a bronze medal (that is, the judokas defeated in quarterfinals A and B competed against each other, with the winner of that match facing the semifinal loser from the other half of the bracket).
The medals for the competition were presented by Sari Essayah, Finland, member of the International Olympic Committee, and the gifts were presented by Obaid Al Anzi, vice president of the International Judo Federation.
Results
Finals
Repechages
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
References
External links
M90
Judo at the Summer Olympics Men's Middleweight
Men's events at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Jaylin Michael Williams (born June 29, 2002) is an American professional basketball player for the Oklahoma City Thunder of the National Basketball Association (NBA). They played college basketball for the Arkansas Razorbacks. They were selected by the Thunder in the second round of the 2022 NBA draft.
High school career
Williams played basketball for Northside High School in Fort Smith, Arkansas, where they were teammates with Isaiah Joe. As a sophomore, they helped their team reach the Class 7A state final. In their junior season, Williams averaged 16 points, 11 rebounds and three blocks per game, and was named Arkansas Division I Player of the Year by the Northwest Arkansas Democrat-Gazette.
They led their team to the Class 6A state title and was named tournament MVP after recording 20 points and 16 rebounds in the title game. As a senior, Williams averaged 18.7 points, 12.2 rebounds, 2.7 assists and 2.5 blocks per game, earning Arkansas Gatorade Player of the Year honors and repeating as Arkansas Division I Player of the Year. A consensus four-star recruit, they committed to playing college basketball for Arkansas over an offer from Auburn, among other programs.
College career
As a first-year student at Arkansas, Williams averaged 3.7 points and 4.7 rebounds per game. They became a regular starter in their sophomore season. Williams averaged 10.9 points and 9.8 rebounds per game, receiving first-team All-Southeastern Conference (SEC) honors from the league's coaches. They were a second-team All-SEC selection by the Associated Press and made the All-Defensive Team. Williams led the NCAA Division I with 54 charges drawn and grabbed 364 rebounds, setting a program single-season record. They declared for the NBA draft and opted to forgo their remaining college eligibility.
Professional career
Oklahoma City Thunder (2022–present)
Williams was selected by the Oklahoma City Thunder in the second round of the 2022 NBA draft with the 34th overall pick, becoming the first player of Vietnamese descent to be drafted in the NBA. Williams joined the Thunder's 2022 NBA Summer League team. In their Summer League debut, Williams scored two points and six rebounds in a 98–77 win against the Utah Jazz in the Salt Lake City Summer League. On July 19, 2022, Williams signed with the Thunder.
References
External links
Arkansas Razorbacks bio
2002 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American sportspeople of Vietnamese descent
Arkansas Razorbacks men's basketball players
Basketball players from Arkansas
Oklahoma City Thunder draft picks
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Fort Smith, Arkansas
Prohibition of Discrimination in Products, Services and Entry into Places of Entertainment and Public Places Law is an Israeli law enacted in 2000, which prohibits discrimination on the part of those who provide products, public services or operate public places in providing products, public services, entry to public places or providing services in public places, on the grounds of a customer's race, religion, nationality, land of origin, sex, sexual orientation, political views, personal status or parenthood.
Background
The law originated from an initiative of the Association for Civil Rights in Israel. One of the practices that sped up the enactment of the law, was discrimination frequently practiced by bouncers at nightclub entrances. In addition, setting separate and different age limits for the entrance of men and women into nightclubs was made illegal by this law.
Exceptions
The law does not apply directly to discrimination on the grounds of disability, since accessibility arrangements for disabled persons, and prohibition of discrimination are covered by the Equal Rights for Persons with Disabilities Law.
Other exceptions include:
When the practice originates from the nature of the product, public service or public place.
When the practice exists in a non-profit organization or club, and is done in order to promote the special needs of members of the organization or club, on the condition that special needs do not counteract the law's purpose.
When separate frameworks exist for men and women, and the lack of separation will prevent from part of the public access to product, public service or public place.
Violation of the law is a criminal offense, and an offender can be ordered to pay compensation to victims of discrimination, even without proof of damages. Class action lawsuits are allowed under the law.
See also
Human rights in Israel
External links
Letter of the law
Anti-discrimination law in Israel
Human rights in Israel
Israeli laws
National human rights instruments
2000 in law
2000 in Israel
15th Knesset (1999–2003)
Lady Elish Frances Angiolini (née McPhilomy; born 24 June 1960) is a Scottish lawyer. They were the Lord Advocate of Scotland from 2006 until 2011, having previously been Solicitor General since 2001. They were the first woman, the first Procurator Fiscal, and the first solicitor to hold either post. Since September 2012, Angiolini has been the Principal of St Hugh's College, Oxford. They have been a Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford since 2017 and was Chancellor of University of the West of Scotland from 2013 to 2021. Since leaving office they have led several investigations and inquiries, including a review of deaths in police custody commissioned by the then-Home Secretary Theresa May.
Early life and education
Angiolini was born on 24 June 1960 to Mary (née Magill) and James McPhilomy. They grew up in Govan, Glasgow in a working-class family; their father was a coal merchant and later worked for Rolls-Royce and then as a commercial driver. As a child they wanted to be a ballet dancer. One of their first summer jobs was working on a checkout at Marks & Spencer. They were educated at Notre Dame High School for Girls in the West End of the city, and studied at the School of Law of the University of Strathclyde, obtaining an LLB (Hons) in 1982 and a Diploma in Legal Practice in 1983.
Angiolini's first encounter with the legal profession came when, as a teenager, they were asked to give evidence in a burglary trial. Later, they recalled: "I was not terribly impressed. There were a lot of important people in gowns and witnesses were left a very long time in the witness room and not given any information... All the attention was focused on the permanent figures of the court, while ... witnesses, and those in the dock, seemed irrelevant". The experience inspired Angiolini to pursue a career in law. Later than Regional Procurator Fiscal, Angiolini piloted a victim liaison scheme which was subsequently extended throughout Scotland.
Early legal career
Upon completing their legal studies, they joined the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service to train as a Procurator Fiscal (public prosecutor). Whilst a trainee, they survived the Polmont rail accident; two passengers sitting next to them were killed.
Following their training, Angiolini spent 8 years as a Depute Procurator Fiscal in Airdrie, prosecuting in Airdrie Sheriff Court. In 1992, they were seconded to the Crown Office where they worked in the Lord Advocate's Secretariat. During their secondment, they developed an interest in improving the support offered to vulnerable victims and witnesses, and in particular to children. They were then appointed Senior Depute Procurator Fiscal at Glasgow, taking operational responsibility for Sheriff and Jury prosecutions. In 1995, they were promoted to Assistant Procurator Fiscal at Glasgow.
In 1997, Angiolini returned to the Crown Office as Head of Policy, with responsibility for the development of policy across all functions of the Department. In particular, they helped the department prepare for devolution and was involved in the preparation of the Scotland Act 1998. At the same time, Angiolini was responsible for the department's preparations for the introduction of the Human Rights Act 1998.
They were then appointed Regional Procurator Fiscal for Grampian, Highland and Islands (based at Aberdeen) on 27 July 2000 – the first woman to hold such a post. In this role they piloted a victim liaison scheme which was subsequently extended across the country.
Solicitor General
Angiolini was appointed Solicitor General for Scotland by First Minister Jack McConnell in 2001. Angiolini was the first solicitor, as opposed to advocate, to be appointed Solicitor General; this was not received favourably amongst all members of the legal profession.
In 2006, Jack McConnell praised Angiolini's work as Solicitor General, saying the decision to appoint them had been one of the best they had ever made.
Lord Advocate
Following the resignation of Lord Boyd, First Minister Jack McConnell nominated Angiolini for the post of Lord Advocate. Them nomination was passed by Parliament on 5 October 2006, with 99 in favour, 0 against and 15 abstentions. They were sworn in at the Court of Session on 12 October 2006 and one month later they were made a member of the Privy Council.
After the 2007 election there was speculation that the new SNP administration might replace Angiolini. On the morning after the election, Angiolini had cleared their office and was preparing to leave when they received a phone call from Alex Salmond, the new First Minister. Angiolini congratulated Salmond on their election, and said that they had packed up their things. "Unpack your things, and come and see me", replied Salmond. Salmond decided that Angiolini should stay in post, and would continue not to attend Cabinet except to provide advice or to make representations about their own department as had been the case with the former administration following the departure of their predecessor. Them reappointment was agreed by Parliament on 24 May 2007. This made them the first Lord Advocate to serve two different governments.
Later in 2007, Angiolini clashed publicly with the head of Scotland's judiciary, Lord President Hamilton, over the collapse of the World's End murders trial. The trial judge, Lord Clarke, had ruled there was insufficient evidence for the jury to convict and threw the case out. Angiolini then made a statement to the Scottish Parliament, saying they were "disappointed" at the decision, a move Hamilton said undermined the independence of the judiciary.
Angiolini announced in October 2010 that they would step down from the role of Lord Advocate after the Scottish Parliament elections in May 2011.
Alex Salmond paid tribute to Angiolini, saying "her term as Lord Advocate has been marked by significant improvements and substantial success in the disposal of justice in Scotland". They were succeeded on 19 May 2011 by Francis Mulholland.
Academic and charity work
On leaving the post of Lord Advocate, Angiolini was unveiled as the first patron of LawWorks Scotland, a charity which helps people who cannot afford legal advice.
In September 2011 it was announced that Angiolini was to become a visiting professor at Strathclyde Law School, their old university. As well as teaching undergraduates, they were to develop a masters course in advocacy studies.
Angiolini is a member of Terra Firma Chambers, with a particular interest in public administrative law and professional negligence.
In February 2012 it was announced that Angiolini would become Principal of St Hugh's College, Oxford in September 2012, replacing Andrew Dilnot.
Angiolini replaced Robert Smith, Baron Smith of Kelvin as Chancellor of the University of the West of Scotland in September 2013. until 2021. They were made a Pro-Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford in 2017.
Later work
Angiolini led an "investigation into the disposal of baby ashes at Mortonhall Crematorium" in 2013 after it was revealed that the remains of babies were being cremated with unrelated adults. They were subsequently asked by the Scottish Government to carry out an investigation into the practices of all crematoria across Scotland.
In 2015 their review on how the Crown Prosecution Service and Metropolitan Police Service investigate and prosecute rape cases in London was published.
Angiolini's report into deaths in custody in the UK, commissioned by the UK Home Office, was published at the end of October 2017.
In 2018 they were appointed by the Scottish government to "review the processes for handling complaints against the police and investigating serious incidents and alleged misconduct."
Angiolini will chair the 2022 independent inquiry into the murder of Sarah Everard.
Honours
In 2002, they were awarded Alumnus of the Year by the University of Strathclyde.
They were appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the 2011 Birthday Honours for services to the administration of justice.
They hold honorary degrees of Doctor of Laws from the universities of Strathclyde, Glasgow Caledonian, Stirling, Aberdeen, St Andrews, West of Scotland, and the Open University.  They are a fellow of the Royal Society of Arts and the Royal Society of Edinburgh (2017).
In June 2011, Angiolini received the Special Achievement Award from the International Association of Prosecutors.
On 10 June 2022, Angiolini was appointed a Lady of the Order of the Thistle (LT).
Personal life
They married Scots Italian Domenico Angiolini in 1985; they have two children, Domenico and David. Them hobbies include walking, picking wild mushrooms and cinema.
See also
First women lawyers around the world
References
External links
Elish Angiolini profile, Gazetteer for Scotland
1960 births
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Alumni of the University of Strathclyde
Living people
Solicitors General for Scotland
Lord Advocates
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Scottish women lawyers
Scottish solicitors
People from Govan
Scottish lawyers
Principals of St Hugh's College, Oxford
20th-century Scottish lawyers
21st-century Scottish lawyers
Women members of the Scottish Government
Women academic administrators
Women Law Officers of the Crown in the United Kingdom
20th-century women lawyers
21st-century women lawyers
20th-century Scottish women
Ladies of the Thistle
Rose Cookies or Rose Biscuits is the cookie or biscuit typical of Anglo-Indian cuisine that is a favourite among Indian Christians during the Christmas season. These are similar to European Christmas rosette served during the dinner on Christmas eve.
Description
Also known as Gulabi Puvvulu in Telugu. In Tamil it is called Acchu Murukku and in Malabarese it is Achappam. These sweet fried cookies are shaped like a rose, complete with holes to represent layers of petals.
They are made from flour, sugar, eggs and coconut milk and are very popular in South India like Kerala.
References
See also
Anglo-Indian cuisine
Koswad
Christmas dishes
Christmas food
Cookies
Indian snack foods
Charles Brian Hegarty (born in Hawick, Scotland) is a Scottish former rugby union footballer of the 1970s.
They were capped four times in 1978 for . They also played for Hawick RFC.
 They are the son of John Hegarty, who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
External links
Statistics at en.espn.co.uk
1950 births
Living people
Hawick RFC players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Rugby union flankers
Rugby union players from Hawick
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Wilson, is an unincorporated community in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma, located about 7 miles northwest of the center of Henryetta, Oklahoma, located off Wilson Road. This is not to be confused with the Wilson in Carter County, Oklahoma southeast of Healdton nor the Wilson in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma.
The 1918 Wilson School was listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma, but has been demolished. There remains a Wilson Public School District.
References
Unincorporated communities in Okmulgee County, Oklahoma
Norbert Witkowski (born August 5, 1981) is a Polish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
Club career
Early career
They previously played for Stomil Olsztyn, Polonia Lidzbark Warmiński, Stasiak Opoczno and Drwęca Nowe Miasto Lubawskie.
Arka Gdynia
They made their Ekstraklasa debut on 15 October 2005 versus Amica Wronki.
Iraklis
On 24 January 2011 they signed a 1.5-years contract with Greek Superleague outfit Iraklis.
References
External links
Norbert Witkowski at Iraklis FC Official site.
1981 births
Living people
OKS Stomil Olsztyn players
Arka Gdynia players
Iraklis Thessaloniki F.C. players
Górnik Zabrze players
Polish footballers
Sportspeople from Olsztyn
Association football goalkeepers
The white-backed black tit (Melaniparus leuconotus), also known as the white-backed tit, is a species of bird in the family Paridae. It is found in Eritrea and Ethiopia. Its natural habitat is boreal forests.
The white-backed black tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade.
References
white-backed black tit
Birds of the Horn of Africa
white-backed black tit
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Bhadaas is a 2013 Hindi thriller film directed and produced by Ajay Yadav. The film released on 27 December 2013. The film features Meera, Aryeman Ramsay, Shree Rajput and Anant Mahadevan as main characters.
Story
The story of the movie revolves around three principal characters: a young girl called Daisy, Police inspector Vijay and Assistant Commissioner's daughter Neha. The plot of the story theme develops with the sudden disappearance of men every full-moon night, leaving in its wake panic and terror. The mystery in the whodunit deepens as the cops set a trap to nab the perpetrator. Although slated for release on 24 May 2013, Director Ajay Yadav announces its theatre premiere for 28 June 2013.
Cast
Meera Naveed
Ashutosh Kaushik
Aryeman Ramsay
Shree Rajput
Anant Mahadevan
Rudra Kaushik
Mushtaq Khan
Shiva Rindan
Gargi Patel
Soundtrack
References
External links
Bhadaas 2013 at Times Of India.
2010s Hindi-language films
2010s romantic thriller films
2013 films
Indian romantic thriller films
Gothika Vampyrika Heretika is the fourth solo studio album by Italian extreme metal vocalist Lord Vampyr, released on 21 September 2013 through Crank Music Group. The album continues the industrial/gothic sonority started with 2010's Horror Masterpiece, while reincorporating some of the symphonic/extreme metal elements of their first two records.
A teaser 7" single containing the track "Lamia" was released on 22 July 2013.
Track listing
Personnel
Lord Vampyr (Alessandro Nunziati) – vocals
Seth 666 (Andrea Taddei) – guitars
STN Zyklon (Michele Arnone) – guitars
Helvete (Ferenc Nádasdy) – keyboards
Aerioch (Andrea di Nino) – bass
Aeternus (Diego Tasciotti) – drums
Kami Kopat – production, mastering
External links
Lord Vampyr's official website
2013 albums
Lord Vampyr albums
AS Makinku is a football club in Mwene-Ditu, Democratic Republic of Congo. They play in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Wilfried Cretskens (born 10 July 1976) is a Belgian former road bicycle racer. They rode most of their career for the team, where they were a domestique for the team leaders in the classic races, among others Tom Boonen. Their most notable career win was the 2007 Tour of Qatar.
Major results
1993
1st Tour of Flanders Juniors
1999
3rd Nokere Koerse
5th Le Samyn
6th Overall Circuit de Lorraine
1st Stage 6
8th Brussel-Ingooigem
2001
2nd Omloop van het Waasland
6th Grand Prix de Rennes
10th Grote Prijs Jef Scherens
2003
9th Nationale Sluitingsprijs
2004
10th Tour de Rijke
2005
8th GP Rudy Dhaenens
2007
1st Overall Tour of Qatar
7th GP Briek Schotte
2008
9th Overall Tour of Qatar
Tour de France participations
2005: DNF
2006: DNF
Personal life
Cretskens was born in Herk-de-Stad.
External links
Belgian male cyclists
1976 births
Living people
Cyclists from Limburg (Belgium)
People from Herk-de-Stad
The stub-tailed spadebill (Platyrinchus cancrominus) is a passerine bird in the Tyrannidae family. It is commonly found in tropical dry rainforests or tropical moist lowlands throughout Central America. First scientifically described in 1860, it was originally thought to be the same as Platyrinchus mystaceus but was later reclassified as a sympatric species. The stub-tailed spadebill may grow up to 9.5 cm (3.74 in) long and may weigh up to 12 g (0.42 oz). It has a white throat, yellow breast, and brown mantle and wings. The stub-tailed spadebill is most easily recognizable due to its stubby tail, broad bill, and its distinctive bird song. Some morphological differences like its greatly reduced crown differentiate it from other related species.
The stub-tailed spadebill is found in elevation ranges up to 500 m (1,640 ft) above sea level. As an omnivore it feeds on both arthropods such as spiders, beetles, and ants as well as low hanging berries and fruits in the lower strata of the rainforests. While many individuals may live in solitude, pairs that live together often nest in deep cone-shaped nests made with scavenged fibres. Stub-tailed spadebills also engage in mixed-species foraging flocks with other species commonly found in the same habitat. Engaging in this flocking behaviour is still not fully understood and is believed to be done for protection from predation. It is categorized as a species of the least concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature
Taxonomy
First described by Philip Lutley Sclater and Osbert Salvin in 1860, stub-tailed spadebills derive their name from their short, stub-like tails. They also have a brown, broad, and flat bill, a discerning feature of the Platyrinchus genus. When originally described it was observed to very closely related to Platyrinchus mystaceus, but was classified as a sympatric species, having a common ancestor. Populations present in some places are treated as subspecies of Platyrinchus cancrominus by some authors. Populations in the Yucatán Peninsula are treated as the race timothei while populations from El Salvador to Costa Rica are treated as the race dilutus. However, these populations are considered to be poorly differentiated and require further research for categorisation.
Description
The stub-tailed spadebill can grow up to 9.5 cm (3.74 in) long and weigh up to 12 g (0.42 oz). It has brown feathering on its head extending down to the mantle as well as its wings. It has a pale-coloured mandible leading to its white throat. The abdomen usually has yellow plumage in males, but females may have brown and yellow plumage as well. The short brown tail of the species is a distinguishing feature that gives it its name. Stub-tailed spadebill have a broad and flat bill and pinkish feet. It also has a distinguishable face pattern with distinctive yellow postocular stripes.
One of the most discerning features of the species is its greatly reduced or completely absent crown. Unlike other members of the genus Platyrinchus, the stub-tailed spadebill does not have a crown, which led to it being identified as a separate species.
Due to the colouring of its plumage, it has often been quoted to be ‘difficult to spot' in its natural habitat. Alongside its slender body, it is able to avoid predators with this colouring that allows it to blend in. Stub-tailed spadebills can also be easily recognized by their nasal, rapid, and shaky “ki-di-di-di-rrril” calls that they often make after taking short flights.
Distribution and habitat
Stub-tailed spadebills are commonly observed in tropical dry forests and subtropical moist forests ranging from southern Mexico to parts of Belize, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and Costa Rica, covering about 1,090,000 km2 of land. The habitat of the stub-tailed spadebills stretches over a large range of Central America and has intersections with other related species. It is known to occupy spaces within altitude limits of 0 – 1500 m above sea level. It occupies the undergrowth of the tropical forests to accommodate its food choices as well for protection from predators. Despite the lack of previous populations in the region, individuals of the species were also found to also inhabit forests in North-western Panama in recent studies showing that the species is able to disperse over a greater area than previously thought and is also able to occupy islands with new regrowth, showing dispersal over water. These populations are thought to be remnants from a time when the species had a greater range of habitat.
The current population is estimated to currently be around 50,000 – 500,000 individuals. However, a decreasing trend has been observed in the population. This decreasing trend in population is expected to be due to deforestation and fragmentation of land, resulting in the destruction of the typical humid rainforests the stub-tailed spadebills normally inhabit. But this decline is not sufficiently rapid to approach thresholds to be treated as vulnerable. As such, it is currently not considered a threatened species by the IUCN.
This species is found amongst the foliage of the rainforests with shrubs, and trees with canopies up to medium height. Some species of foliage commonly in such forests are Rubiaceae, Phyllanthaceae, hemiepiphyte, and epiphytes. This kind of undergrowth gives the stub-tailed spadebills the ability to perch directly above prey hidden in the foliage.
Behaviour and ecology
The stub-tailed spadebill may be found alone or in pairs. It will look around for food in the undergrowth it inhabits. It feeds on fruits, seeds, and insects such as ants and beetles. As it occupies the lower levels of the rainforest, it feeds on the small drupes and berries growing at this level. The stub-tailed spadebill also benefits from its habitat amongst the undergrowth of the tropical rainforests as it is able to scavenge dead grass and plant fibers for nesting. During the breeding season, individuals of the species in Costa Rica have been seen to scavenge grasses and plant fibres to make deep, cone-shaped cup nests. These nests are often placed in low saplings around the scavenging sites. Despite having access to a variety of different food sources, it is also seen that some individuals may exclusively feed only on plants. It may also change its preferences between fruits and seeds depending on the abundance of either.
Stub-tailed spadebills are also commonly involved in mixed-species feeding flocks in which birds of different species forage together. This behaviour may be taken to reduce the risk of predation due to increased vigilance. Stub-tailed spadebills mainly forage alongside species like tanagers, flycatchers, and warblers. The stub-tailed spadebill is able to sustain and forage for food in its trophic niche despite the presence of other competing species due to this flocking behaviour as individuals from all species collectively hunt.
References
stub-tailed spadebill
Birds of Central America
Birds of Belize
stub-tailed spadebill
stub-tailed spadebill
stub-tailed spadebill
Roberto Pezzetta (born in Treviso in 1946) is an Italian artist and industrial designer.
They started their Product Design activity in 1969 at Zoppas Elettrodomestici, where they helped in creating the inside team of Industrial Design.
In the second half of the 1970s, after a short experience as chief of Design at Nordica (Ski boots), they returned to Zanussi and its electric appliances where they became in charge of the Industrial Design Center from 1982. In 1984 the Zanussi company merged with the Electrolux Group and the Zanussi Industrial Design Center became one of the three major Design Centers that Electrolux had around the world (Stockholm, Pordenone, Columbus).
Roberto Pezzetta's professional career was indissolubly tied to that of the big multinational company they were working for. The phases of this career were countless and Zanussi Design became tied to Pezzetta's name for more than twenty years. What made them non typical and far from the current Design Management definition within Zanussi Electrolux was the fact that they had a mark all of their own which made their works stand out, as well as their personal commitment in the designing of products. From January 2002 they became Creative Director for the Design of Electrolux Group, with the title of Vice President Design.
In 2005, having reached the retirement age, they left this position and is now an Industrial Design Consultant. In June 2016 they have been rewarded "Compasso d'Oro Career Award".
The enthusiasm for their job and the belief that a designer's professionalism gets energy from experiences born in various fields, have always pushed them to approach different fields in the application of Industrial Design. In fact, they co-operate with many companies and shows, facing themes about Industrial Design on a 360° radius.
 They are fascinated by the world of communication (in one of their latest works they also touched on the world of the Augmented Reality) and their projects don't stop at the technical formal solution, but push further to the research of the object that can express itself with character, liking and a lot of irony.. In October 2003, an exhibition titled "La Fabbrica e...i Sogni" (The Factory and...the Dreams) was dedicated to them in Oderzo, and it not only summarized the work done for Zanussi Electrolux within the period of time from 1982 until 2002 when they were directly in charge of the Design Center, but it was also dedicated to works they had done for many other companies over the years. The exhibition is documented in a short video: Roberto Pezzetta Works on YouTube.
"The more you enlarge the diameter of your knowledge, the greater the radius of your ignorance. Old Diagram ... applicable to almost all professions ... to the designer especially! "
"A good designer must be a bit artist, engineer, psychologist, sociologist, planner, marketing man and a good communicator; a bit of anything and a bit of everything"
Prizes
Compasso d'Oro 1981 at Industrial Design Zanussi.
Compasso d'Oro alla Carriera 2016.
Product prize at the Compasso d'Oro del 1987, 1989, 1991, 2008.
Three honor designations at the Compasso d'Oro 1998, 2001, 2004.
Two gold medals at the Biennali del Design di Lubiana BIO 12, BIO19.
Salone delle Arti Domestiche - Paris 1990.
Goed Industrieel Ontwerp Netherlands 1987, 1991, 1999, 2001.
Design Prestige in Brno 1997.
Design Prize MCMXCVIII. XVI Fiera Internazionale di L'Avana, Cuba 1998.
"Good Design" Awards at the Chicago Athenaeum 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2009.
KBD Award (UK) 2003.
IF product design award 2005.
Red Dot design award 2005.
Expositions
1987 Compasso D'Oro Exhibition Milan (I)
1987 Compasso D'Oro Exhibition Varsaw, Gliwice, Cracovia, Poznan, Stettino (Poland)
1988 Design in Europa Stuttgart (D)
1988 Compasso D'Oro Exhibition Helsinki (SF)
1988 Image & Design Bolzano (I)
1988 Bio 12 Biennial of Industrial Design Ljubljana (SLO)
1989 Novyj Dom Italia Moscow (URSS)
1989 Design Italiano Budapest (H)
1989 Compasso D'Oro Exhibition World Design Expo Nagoja (Jap)
1989 Compasso D'Oro Exhibition New York, Orlando, Atlanta, (US)
1989 DESIGN REVIEW Design Museum London (GB)
1990 Civilta' Delle Macchine Turin (I)
1992 Design Future Philosophy Singapore
1992 Straordinario Fortezza da basso Florence (I)
1992 Organic Design Design Museum London (GB)
1992 Bio 13 Biennial of Industrial Design Ljubljana (SLO)
1993 Design Review Design Museum London (GB)
1994 Bio 14 Biennial of Industrial Design Ljubljana (SLO)
1994 Abitare Il Tempo Verona (I)
1995 Abitare Il Tempo Verona (I)
1996 Design Im Wandel Bremen (D)
1996 Bio 15 Biennial of Industrial Design Ljubljana (SLO)
1996 Absolut Design Milan (I)
1996 Moda Lisboa Lisboa (Portugal)
1996 Il Design Ecosensibile International Design Forum Singapore
1997 Expo L'Ocio Madrid (E)
1997 Vision Brno (CZ)
1997 21° Century Home Exhibition Tallinn (Estonia)
1997 Thessaloniki Exhibition (Greece)
1997 Your Home Vilnius (Lituania)
1998 Sinn & Form Berlin (D)
1998 Bio 16 Biennial of Industrial Design Ljubljana (SLO)
1998 Diseño Italiano Madrid (E)
1998 Biennale Internationale du Design de Saint Etienne (F)
1999 Milano Capitale del Design: Il Paesaggio Domestico Milan (I)
1999 L'arte del Design Italiano Praha (CZ)
1999 Roberto Pezzetta Forum for Form Stockholm (S)
1999 Chef Design Milan (I)
1999 Designing in the Digital Age V&A Museum London (GB)
1999 The Shape of Colour "Red" Glasgow (GB)
2000 Good Design Exhibition The Chicago Athenaeum (US)
2000 Abitare Il Tempo: Cucina come. Verona (I)
2000 Les Bons Genies de la Vie Domestique Center Pompidou Paris (F)
2001 Good Design Exhibition The Chicago Athenaeum (US)
2001/2002 Italian Design on Tour. Zurich, Milan, New York, Venice, London, Valencia, Coutrai.
2002 Good Design Exhibition The Chicago Athenaeum (US)
2002 Softdesign Venice (I)
2003 Steel & Style Salone del Mobile Milan (I)
2003 Good Design Exhibition The Chicago Athenaeum (US).
2003 Zoomorphic V&A Museum London (GB)
2003 La Fabbrica E…i Sogni/ Roberto Pezzetta Industrial Designer Oderzo (I)
2004 Design e Nuovi Materiali, Materiali Catalizzatori Per PER L'Innovazione di Prodotto Recanati (I)
2005 Sintesi, Guilio Natta e le Materie Plastiche Museo Nazionale della Scienza e della Tecnologia Milan (I)
2005 Food Design Macef Milan (I)
2005 Simposio Internacional de Diseño Industrial Monterrey (Mexico)
2005 IUAV Design Workshop Design Week A Treviso Treviso (I)
2005 100 Volti per 100 Progetti Abitare Il Tempo Verona (I)
2005 Architetture D'Interni Abitare Il Tempo Verona (I).
2008 Eurocucina Salone del Mobile Milan (I)
2009 Serie Fuori Serie La Triennale di Milano Design Museum Milan (I)
2010 Eurocucina Salone del Mobile Milan (I).
2012 Abitare Il Tempo Verona (I)
2015- 2016 Cucine & Ultracorpi Triennale Design Museum. Milan (I)
2022 Eurocucina Salone del Mobile-Design in the Kitchen. Milan (I).
2022 Cleto Munari- Ossessione per la bellezza. Treviso (I).
Bibliography
A Dictionary of Modern Design Ed. Oxford University Press.
Contemporary Details Nonie Niesewand Ed. Mitchell Beazley Publishers.
Dalla Casa Elettrica Alla Casa Elettronica Ed. Electa.
Design Contemporaneo Ed. Electa.
Design The Italian Way Ed. Editoriale Modo.
Designing the 21st Century Ed. Taschen GmbH.
Dizionario Del Design Italiano A. Pansera Ed. Cantini Editore.
Food Design and Culture Ed. Laurence King Publisher.
How Things Work: Everyday Technology Explained Ed. The National Geographic Society.
Italy Contemporary Domestic Landscape 1946*2000 Ed. Skira Editore S.P.A.
Italian Design Penny Sparke Ed. Thames and Hudson.
Italian Modern A Design Heritage Ed. Rizzoli International Publications, Inc.
Le Bons Genies de la Vie Domestique Ed. Editios du Centre Pompidou.
Prodotto Industriale Italiano Contemporaneo Ed. Edizioni L'Archinvolto.
Storia Del Disegno Industriale Italiano A. Pansera Ed. Laterza.
The International Design Yearbook 1986/87 Ed. Thames and Hudson.
The International Design Yearbook 1987/88 Ed. Thames and Hudson.
The International Design Yearbook 1989/90 Ed. Thames and Hudson.
The International Design Yearbook 1992 Ed. Thames and Hudson.
The International Design Yearbook 1996 Ed. Laurence King Publishing.
The International Design Yearbook 1998 Ed. Laurence King Publishing.
Twentieth Century Design Design Museum Ed. Carlton Books Limited.
World Design Ed. Chronicle Books.
Design in Cucina Valentina Auricchio Ed. Ottagono Giunti.
References
Living people
1946 births
People from Treviso
Italian industrial designers
Velleeswarar Temple is a Hindu temple in Mylapore, Chennai, Tamil nadu, India. The presiding deity is Shiva in the form of Velleeswarar. This mid-sized temple, spread over 2 acres is one amongst the Seven Shiva Temples of Mylapore that have been in existence since yore. It is situated at South Mada Street, closer to Sri Kapaleeswarar Temple.
Sapta Sthana Shiva temples
This temple is one of the Sapta Sthana Shiva temples in Mylapore area. (one of the seven sacred Shiva temples in Mylapore). They are:
Karaneeswarar Temple
Tirttapaleeswarar Temple
Velleeswarar Temple
Virupakshiswarar Temple
Valeeswarar Temple
Malleeswarar Temple
Kapaleeshwarar Temple
Legend
According to popular legend, when the king Mahabali was about to grant Vamana, an incarnation of Vishnu, gifts of land as part of Yagna Dhana, Sukracharya, the preceptor of the Asuras, tried to stop them as they suspected foul play. But Bali was insistent that they cannot stop Dhaanam to a young Brahmachari Brahmin. Sukracharya then changed their form to that of a bee and went into the nozzle of the kamandalu, blocking water flow. Lord Vamana on seeing this, pricked the nozzle with a blade of darbha grass, which blinded Sukracharya.
Sukracharya meditated upon Shiva at this place in Mylapore and got their eyesight back.
The Temple
The Temple is a fairly mid-sized Temple with a five-tier vimana facing south. On entering the Temple, the first deity we see is that of Lord Ganesha in standing posture with their consorts Siddhi and Buddhi. This posture of Ganesha is said to be rare. We come next to the Shrine of Lord Velleeswara in the form of a Linga facing East. The next shrine that we see is that of Goddess Kamakshi. The Goddess faces south. We can view the idols of the Saptamathrikas installed as we circumambulate Lord Shiva's Shrine. Goddess Varahi is much venerated here. We also come across an Idol of Lord Vishnu in TriVikrama posture behind Lord Shiva's Shrine, and Devi Durga (facing north), and as we proceed further we come to the Shrine of Lord Kartikeya sanctified here as Lord Muthukumaraswamy. The deities of the Lord can be seen along with their consorts Valli and Devasena in standing posture.
We then proceed to the outer courtyard after crossing the Idol of Lord Bhairava and immediately on the left we can see the shrines for Lord Sarabeshwara, a small shrine for Goddess Pratyangira Devi and Sukracharya praying to Lord Shiva. Also in the outer courtyard we find shrines of Lord Shaneeswara and the Navagrahas. The Flagstaff is installed in the outer courtyard.
Mythology
Vellee means Sukra, and Velleeswara is Lord of Sukracharya. Sri Sukracharya worshipped the Lord here and got back the eyesight they lost at the hands of Lord Vamana. You can see the statue form of Sri Sukra worshipping the Lord here in this temple.
There are many who say that unless they are able to see God with their own eyes, they can't believe in the Divine. How can such arrogance "see" God when it takes aeons for a serious devotee to "see" God, ask the Siddhas. Yes, God can be "seen", they assure us, but first one has to get the right spiritual training. In the process of this training, one's eyes will be empowered with that spiritual vision that can perceive God. It is this eyesight that Sri Velleeswarar can bless us with.
Furthermore, the eyes are the windows of the soul. In this Kali Yuga, our eyes look at all kinds of scenes and become the entry points for all kinds of desires. It is Sri Velleeswarar who can protect us from falling prey to the desires inflamed by our eyes. It is They who can also give us the blessing that our eyes see only which is good for us.
In the material world, Sri Velleeswara is the divine eye doctor who can solve eye-related diseases and problems. The Siddhas instruct all eye doctors to offer worship at this shrine.
See also
Religion in Chennai
References
Hindu temples in Chennai
Joe Cutbirth (born 1956) is an American scholar, journalist, and media critic, who currently teaches in the communication and journalism programs at The University of Texas at Austin.  They are a former editor-in-chief of the Texas Observer, political blogger for The Huffington Post, and was a recurring analyst for ABC News Now during the 2008 presidential primaries and general election. They have taught at the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, New York University, the University of British Columbia Graduate School of Journalism, The University of Virginia, and The New School. They were a statehouse reporter and political writer for the Fort Worth Star-Telegram and served as the communications director for the Texas Democratic Party coordinated campaign during the Clinton-Gore 1996 and Ann Richards 1994 reelection efforts.
Scholarship
Cutbirth's research examines the relationship between satire and journalism in American politics.  They are working on their first book, Fake News, Real Politics: Jon Stewart and the New Political Press, an extension of the doctoral work they did at Columbia University under Todd Gitlin, James W. Carey and Herbert J. Gans.
They have lectured on the topic and offered a course, Fake News, Politics and Popular Culture, (2004–07) at the New School and NYU. They expanded the course in 2010 to include the Anglo-Irish tradition of satire and the reciprocal comedic tradition between Canada and the United States. They renamed it Satire as News, and offered it as a graduate seminar at UBC.
In explaining the course to Fox News in 2007 they said, "We examine what's gone wrong in the country, not in the relationship we have with politics, but in the relationship we have with mass media." When Radar Online in 2006 skewered Fake News as one of the top 10 "flimsiest classes" offered at an American university, Cutbirth told a reporter from the NYU student paper: "That's great news. It's not every day a slow white guy gets on a list with Tupac," referring to another course on Radar's list, The Textual Appeal of Tupac Shakur.
The New York Times, The Globe and Mail, Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, CTV, and Postmedia News all have cited them as an expert on fake news.
Cutbirth has presented their work at meetings of the National Communication Association, the American Political Science Association, the Midwest Association of Public Opinion Research, the Association for Education in Journalism and Mass Communication and at conferences at Georgetown University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Cutbirth paid homage to Carey in James Carey and the Columbia School, an essay they wrote and delivered as a representative of Carey's Columbia students at Conversations & Communications: A Conference in Memory of James W. Carey.
Politics and media criticism
As a blogger for The Huffington Post, Cutbirth has supported and criticized President Barack Obama, for whom Cutbirth voted in both the 2008 New York primary and general election.
In 2009 they chastised reporters traveling with Pope Benedict XVI for not pressing evidence when the Pope claimed condoms actually spread AIDS.
Cutbirth called on John McCain to apologize to Obama for racist overtones in the 2008 campaign, and they criticized Texas Governor Rick Perry for "secessionist demagoguery" at the Texas Capitol. They also questioned the veracity of reporters who allow Perry to call health care reform "socialized medicine", and they argued that ESPN ethics in the case of Craig James and former Texas Tech football coach Mike Leach "stink".
Other columns have offered commentary on media coverage of Sarah Palin, Harvey Milk, Caroline Kennedy and Pat Tillman.
They made the switch from journalism to political operative and pundit in 1994, when Governor Ann Richards hired them to be spokesperson for the Texas Democratic Party and effectively "go one-on-one with" Bush Spokeswoman Karen Hughes.
Journalism
Cutbirth spent more than a decade as a daily newspaper and wire service reporter, largely covering government and Texas politics.
They began their career at The Wichita Falls Times. In their first year there they won the International Reading Association Print Media Award for Why Can't Johnnie Read?, an investigative series on illiteracy in America. They also received the Texas Women's Political Caucus Chrysalis Award for exposing the city's long-term disregard of a federal court order to counter decades of discrimination in the hiring of women police officers.
They worked briefly at the Morris News Service state capital bureau, where they covered Lloyd Bentsen's 1988 vice presidential campaign until they were hired to cover state government and politics for the Fort Worth Star-Telegram. There they covered the Branch Davidian siege at Waco, Ann Richards' successful 1990 gubernatorial bid, and the grand jury indictments on ethics charges of both Texas House Speaker Gib Lewis and U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison. Their story on Hutchison's acquittal received top statewide honor for deadline reporting from the Dallas Press Club, and their work on Lewis and the ethics climate in the Texas Legislature received a statewide citation from the Associated Press.
In 1992 they represented journalists from 10 Texas newspapers at the founding board meeting of the National Lesbian and Gay Journalists Association and served as the first chair of the Texas NLGJA chapter. They later are appointed to the board of NLGJA's Roy Aarons Education in Journalism Program.
Their work has also appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle, Northwestern Magazine, Education Daily, the Texas Observer, the Texas Triangle, Wichita Falls City Magazine and on DogCanyon.org.
Personal
Cutbirth was born in Wichita Falls, Texas, and graduated from S.H. Rider High School. They were an Eagle Scout and was state-ranked four times (in 14-and-under singles and doubles, and 16-and-under singles and doubles) by the Texas Tennis Association.
As an undergraduate at the University of Texas, they were a member of Kappa Alpha Order, served on the student government, was on the editorial board of The Daily Texan and worked on the Cactus (yearbook) staff. In 2018, Cutbirth formally severed their affiliation with their college fraternity, citing its historic association with Robert E. Lee as incompatible with their values and beliefs.
Cutbirth holds a Ph.D. in communications from Columbia University, an M.A. in communication, culture and technology from Georgetown University, and a bachelor's degree in journalism from the University of Texas at Austin.
They list Richards, Milk and Bobby Kennedy as their heroes, and they describe themselves as "a staunch disciple of the European Enlightenment; an unabashed fan of the University of Texas Longhorns football team; and an enthusiastic gourmand of Tex-Mex".
References
External links
JoeCutbirth.com
Joe Cutbirth's Huffington Post archive
Prof. Talk interview by Sree Sreenivasan, dean of students, Columbia Graduate School of Journalism, July 21, 2008
James Carey and the Columbia School
"What it's all for", opening remarks to the incoming Columbia Journalism School class, 2009
1956 births
Living people
University of British Columbia faculty
HuffPost writers and columnists
Manhattan College faculty
Fort Worth Star-Telegram people
People from Wichita Falls, Texas
Moody College of Communication alumni
Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism alumni
Georgetown University alumni
The arterial resistivity index (also called as Resistance index, abbreviated as RI), developed by Léandre Pourcelot , is a measure of pulsatile blood flow that reflects the resistance to blood flow caused by microvascular bed distal to the site of measurement.
Calculation
The formula used to calculate resistance index is:
Description
The RI is altered not by vascular resistance alone but by the combination of vascular resistance and vascular compliance.
Normal mean renal artery RI for an adult is 0.6 with 0.7 the upper limit of normal. In children, RI commonly exceeds 0.7 through 12 months of age and can remain above 0.7 through 4 years of age.
Uses
Medical ultrasonography
It is used in ultrasound testing of umbilical artery for placental insufficiency. RI should not exceed 0.60 at 30 weeks of gestation. RI is also commonly used to monitor kidney status, especially following kidney transplant. Following kidney transplantation, patients with an RI > 0.8 have an increased mortality.
Medical laser Doppler imaging
Mapping of the local arterial resistivity index from laser Doppler imaging enables unambiguous identification of retinal arteries and veins on the basis of their systole-diastole variations, and reveal ocular hemodynamics in human eyes.
See also
Pulsatility index
Leandre Pourcelot (French)
References
Cardiovascular diseases
Medical tests
Medical ultrasonography
Mossurize District is a district of Manica Province in western Mozambique. The principal town is Espungabera. The district is located in the south of the province, and borders with Sussundenga District in the north, Chibabava District of Sofala Province in the east, Machaze District in the south, and with Zimbabwe in the west. The area of the district is . It has a population of 195,182 as of 2007.
Geography
The two main rivers in the district are the Mossurize River and the Buzi River. A number of rivers are seasonal and only flow during the rainy season.
According to the Köppen climate classification, the climate of the district is temperate humid, with the annual rainfall being around .
History
The area was taken over by the Portuguese around 1890.
Demographics
As of 2005, 46% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 7% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Chitwe language. 86% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Chiurairue (three localities), Dacata (four localities), and Espungabera (three localities).
Economy
1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 14,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, pearl millet, and sweet potato.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district long. Most of the roads are in a bad state.
References
Districts in Manica Province
Fusco is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alfonso Maria Fusco, Italian Roman Catholic priest
Angela Fusco, Canadian actor
Angelo Fusco, Provisional Irish Republican Army member
Antonio Fusco, Italian professional football player
Brandon Fusco, American football player
Cecilia Fusco (born 1933), Italian operatic soprano, daughter of Giovanni
Coco Fusco, American artist
Cosimo Fusco, Italian actor
Daniel Fusco, lead pastor of Crossroads Community Church in Vancouver, WA
Emiliano Fusco, Argentine football midfielder
Fusco (footballer), born João Carlos Proença Filipe, former Portuguese footballer
Gian Carlo Fusco, Italian writer, journalist, screenwriter and actor
Giovanni Fusco (1906–1968), Italian composer, pianist and conductor, brother of Tarcisio
Joe Fusco, American head football coach
John Fusco, American screenwriter
John Fusco (politician), American lawyer, jurist, and politician
Lionel Fusco, fictional character
Luca Fusco, Italian footballer
Maria Fusco, Belfast born writer, lecturer, art critic, and events organiser
Mark Fusco, American ice hockey player
Nicola Fusco, Italian mathematician
Onofrio Fusco, Italian professional football player and coach
Paul Fusco, American voice actor
Paul Fusco (photographer) (1930–2020), American photojournalist
Raffaele Di Fusco, Italian professional football coach and a former player
Scott Fusco, American ice hockey player
Tarcisio Fusco (1904–?), Italian composer of film scores, brother of Giovanni
Blessed Tommaso Maria Fusco, Italian Roman Catholic priest
See also
The Fusco Brothers, American comic strip by J. C. Duffy
Fuschi, a variant of the surname "Fusco"
Italian-language surnames
de:Fusco
fr:Fusco
it:Fusco
Shandong University of Finance and Economics () is a public research university in Jinan, Shandong province, China. It is a full-time comprehensive institution of higher education which was founded upon approval by Shandong Provincial Government in 1952 and originally known as Shandong Institute of Finance and Economics. The current university resulted from a merger of two second-tier universities - the Shandong University of Finance () and the Shandong Economic University () in 2011.
The former Shandong Economic University
Shandong Economic University has an enrolment of 17,000 students, including undergraduates, 3-year associate degree students and postgraduates. Economics and Management are the mainstay of the disciplines. Literature, Law, Science and Engineering are also taught.
The university consists of 16 schools covering 40 undergraduate programs, holds the rights to award the master's degree of first-grade discipline in Applied Economics, Business Administration and Management Science and Engineering, as well as 22 postgraduate programs of secondary disciplines.
Shandong Economic University is qualified to award an MBA and master's degrees for applicants with an educational background that is equivalent to college graduates and to have the specially invited professor posts, Tai Shan Scholar. There are four key provincial disciplines (Accountancy, Information Management and System Engineering, Enterprise Management and Monetary Finance), two key provincial teaching reform and experimental subjects (Accounting, International Economics and Trade), two provincial teaching reform and experimental courses (principle of Management and the basis of Accountancy) and seven provincial excellent courses (Monetary Banking, Western Economics, Western Theory of Economics and Enterprise Financial Management etc.).
The university has 1315 teaching and administrative staff. Among the 940 faculty members, 340 are professors and associate professors, 92 having obtained the degree of PhD, while 116 are studying for that. 75.43 percent of the teachers have the degree of Master or Doctor. Ten are tutors of Ph.D. candidates, 112 are tutors of postgraduates; four professors enjoy Special Grants from the State Council; 11 have been awarded the title of National or Provincial Excellent Teacher; 11 are distinguished with the title of Provincial Leading Talented Professional and 24 with the title of Young Leading Talented Professional and Leader of the Academic Field at university level; 112 have been selected to participate in the “231 Talents Project”. 55 are Adjunct and Emeritus Professors from both at home and abroad.
During the past five years, 216 research projects have been undertaken; 25 of these are funded by the State Social Science Foundation, the State Natural Science Foundation, the State Soft Science Research Project or the Ministry of Education; 1 has won a State award; 41 have won awards from Shandong Provincial Government. Additionally, 2546 theses have been published in academic journals at home and abroad. The volume of research funds totals 49.8 million Yuan.
Within Shandong Economic University there are 20 independent research institutes, such as Shandong Regional Economy Research Institute. In 2003, Shandong Economic University had the titles “Provincial Finance Research Base” and “Provincial Business Administration Research Base” conferred upon it by the Publicity Department of Shandong Provincial Government. Shandong Economy, a comprehensive economics theoretical journal directed by Shandong Economic University, and published at home and abroad, is one of the core journals of China Humanities and Social Science Periodical.
External links
Shandong University of Finance and Economics
Shandong Economic University (Archive)
Shandong Economic University
References
Educational institutions established in 1952
Universities and colleges in Jinan
Business schools in China
1952 establishments in China
Meconema is the type genus of European bush crickets in the subfamily Meconematinae, tribe Meconematini and subtribe Meconematina.
Species
The Orthoptera Species File includes:
Meconema meridionale Costa, 1860 - southern oak bush-cricket
Meconema thalassinum (De Geer, 1773) - oak bush-cricket - type species (as Locusta varia Fabricius)
The Japanese species Meconema subpunctatum has been reassigned to the genus Xiphidiopsis (X. subpunctata (Motschulsky, 1866))
References
External links
Meconematinae
Tettigoniidae genera
Orthoptera of Europe
Anton Kui is a professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Bingtangor Lahanis in Papua New Guinea.  They are a Papua New Guinea international.
Career
Kui was named in the Papua New Guinea training squad, and later in the main squad for the 2008 Rugby League World Cup. They were named as part of the Papua New Guinea squad for the 2009 Pacific Cup.
References
External links
Living people
Goroka Lahanis players
Mendi Muruks players
Papua New Guinea national rugby league team players
Papua New Guinean rugby league players
Papua New Guinean sportsmen
Rugby league centres
Windsor Wolves players
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Shima, Mie Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway.
Lines
Anagawa Station is served by the Shima Line, and is located 59.1 rail kilometers from the terminus of the line at Ise-Nakagawa Station.
Station layout
The station was consists of two elevated opposed side platforms, with the station building underneath. The station is unattended.
Platforms
Adjacent stations
History
Anagawa Station opened on July 23, 1929, as a station on the Shima Electric Railway. The line was one of six private companies consolidated into Mie Kotsu by order of the Japanese government on February 11, 1944. When Mie Kotsu dissolved on February 1, 1964, the station became part of the Mie Electric Railway, which was then acquired by Kintetsu on April 1, 1965. The station was reopened on March 1, 1970. Kintetsu moved the station to the current site on the elevated dual-track section on June 1, 1993.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 34 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Yuu-Store department store
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kintetsu: Anagawa Station
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1929
Railway stations in Mie Prefecture
Stations of Kintetsu Railway
Shima, Mie
Senator Guess may refer to:
Gretchen Guess (born 1969), Alaska State Senate
Sam C. Guess (1909–1989), Washington State Senate
Anne Shirley Wills (born 3 October 1944) is an Australian television and radio personality based in Adelaide. Wills holds the record for the most number of Logies won by a person in the history of the awards, winning 19 Most Popular State Personality Logies, and one as producer of Clapperboard.
Biography
Wills was born in Wangaratta, Victoria in October 1944. When they were three years old, their family moved to Ocean Island in the Pacific Ocean, now known as Banaba Island and part of Kiribati, and lived there until the family moved to Adelaide in 1963.
Wills was spotted by Channel 9 executives during the 1964 Telethon Quest, and was offered the job of weather girl on NWS9, beginning in July 1965.
As well as appearing on a number of national television programmes such as In Melbourne Tonight, Beauty and the Beast, The Bert Newton Show and Good Morning Australia, Wills has presented and appeared on many Adelaide based TV programs, including Adelaide Tonight, The Penthouse Club, AM Adelaide, Movie Scene, Christmas Telethon, Pot Luck and Close Up with Willsy. They were also the weather presenter for SAS for a number of years and, as of November 2013, has a regular weekly afternoon segment on Adelaide AM radio station FiveAA, featuring celebrity gossip.
Wills is known for their love of over-the-top earrings. Wills also commonly appears in pub quiz nights
Awards and recognition
References
External links
1944 births
Living people
Australian television presenters
Australian women television presenters
People from Victoria (Australia)
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
Firestone Farms is a shopping center located in Columbiana, Ohio along Ohio Route 14. Opened in 2016, Firestone Farms consists of a downtown-style district, known as Town Centre, and a planned traditional-style shopping hub, known as Marketplace. Firestone Farms is designed to be a retail park-style commercial cluster.
References
External links
Official Website
Buildings and structures in Columbiana County, Ohio
Buildings and structures in Mahoning County, Ohio
Commercial buildings completed in 2016
The siege of Paris was an assault undertaken in September 1429 during the Hundred Years' War by the troops of the recently crowned King Charles VII of France, with the notable presence of Joan of Arc, to take the city held by the English Burgundians. King Charles's French troops failed to enter Paris, defended by the governor Jean de Villiers de L'Isle-Adam and the provost Simon Morhier, with the support of much of the city's population.
Background
After Henry V of England entered Paris in 1420, the English administration was sympathetic to the citizens of Paris, confirming their former privileges and giving new ones. The Parisians had accepted the English mostly because of their hatred of Charles VII (whom they had nicknamed "King of Bourges") and the Armagnac party, who threatened the many liberties that the city had obtained over the centuries.
After the battle of Montépilloy on 26 August 1429, Joan of Arc and Duke John II of Alençon took Saint-Denis, a town north of Paris.
On August 28, Charles VII signed the truce of Compiègne which excepted from the armistice Saint-Denis (which was already taken), St. Cloud, Vincennes, Charenton and Paris.
In early September, Charles VII established their camp at the butte de Saint-Roch.
On September 3, Joan of Arc accompanied by the Dukes of Alençon and Bourbon, the counts of Vendôme and Laval, Marshals Gilles de Rais and La Hire and their troops, lodged in the village of La Chapelle. After several days of performing recognitions and skirmishes on various gates of Paris, Joan of Arc prayed in St. Genevieve chapel.
On the morning of Thursday, 8 September 1429, Joan of Arc, the Duke of Alençon, Marshals Gilles de Rais and Jean de Brosse Boussac began their march from the Village of La Chapelle to storm the Porte Saint-Honoré. Joan of Arc installed culverins on the butte de Saint-Roch to support the attack.
The Parisians, believing that the Armagnacs wanted to destroy the city from top to bottom, made a vigorous defence. Joan of Arc was given the task of leading the assault to capture the city by Charles VII.
Joan of Arc charged towards the main gate with the French army and tried to cross the city's water-filled moat in front of the gate. The French failed to capture any section of the gatehouse and its surrounding walls and suffered extremely heavy casualties. Joan of Arc was wounded by a crossbow bolt in the thigh. Joan was then dragged away from the battlefield and was brought back to their house in La Chapelle. Although they wished to resume the attack on Paris, King Charles VII ordered them to withdraw to the Abbey of Saint-Denis. After four hours of assaulting the walls of Paris, Charles VII sounded the retreat as no progress had been made. In the end, the English won, and successfully defended Paris.
Consequences
The city was defended by about 3,000 English commanded by marshal Simon Morhier and governor Jean de Villiers de L'Isle-Adam, which forced Charles VII and their army of 10,000 soldiers to retreat.
Having failed by force, Charles VII, tried to take the city otherwise. In 1430, they staged a plot that was discovered by the English, and lead to the hanging of 6 Parisians on the scaffold. In 1432 and 1434, further attempts were made to open the gates of Paris to the forces of Charles VII, but were prevented by Parisians. After the Duke of Burgundy had withdrawn their support for the English as a result of the Treaty of Arras (1435), on 13 April 1436 the Parisians opened the city gates to the bastard of Orléans and constable Richemont.
References
Further reading
1429 in England
1420s in France
Paris (1429)
Conflicts in 1429
15th century in Paris
Paris 1429
Military history of Paris
Paris (1429)
Church windows, also referred to as chocolate marshmallow logs, stained glass windows or cathedral windows are a multicolored dessert confection, popular in the United States. Ingredients include chocolate, butter, nuts (often walnuts or pecans), mini-colored marshmallows and shredded coconut.
See also
Coconut candy
References
Chocolate desserts
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1964:.
1964
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1964 at HKcinemamagic.com
1964
Hong Kong
Flms
Une fille et des fusils is a 1965 French film directed by Claude Lelouch. It is also known in the English-speaking world as The Decadent Influence or To Be a Crook.
Plot
Four young people, tired of working life, decide that they can earn more money from crime than they can from work. The film follows their training at the first "crime school", as well as their following deeds.
Cast
Jean-Pierre Kalfon as Jean-Pierre
Amidou as Amidou
Pierre Barouh as Pierre
Jacques Portet as Jacques
Janine Magnan as Martine
Yane Barry as the bistrokeeper
Betty Beckers as the prostitute
Background
With the film becoming Lelouch's first commercial success, they attempted to destroy all copies and negatives of their previous films. Lalouche failed to find a distributor for their next film, Les grands moments, and they then destroyed that film as well.
Lelouch recycled some ideas from for Une fille et des fusils film in their later works, such as the shooting of bottles in Le bon et les méchants and the economic catastrophes in L'aventure, c'est l'aventure.
References
External links
1965 films
French crime comedy films
Films directed by Claude Lelouch
1960s French-language films
1960s French films
Trace fossils are classified in various ways for different purposes. Traces can be classified taxonomically (by morphology), ethologically (by behavior), and toponomically, that is, according to their relationship to the surrounding sedimentary layers. Except in the rare cases where the original maker of a trace fossil can be identified with confidence, phylogenetic classification of trace fossils is an unreasonable proposition.
Taxonomic classification
The taxonomic classification of trace fossils parallels the taxonomic classification of organisms under the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature. In trace fossil nomenclature a Latin binomial name is used, just as in animal and plant taxonomy, with a genus and specific epithet. However, the binomial names are not linked to an organism, but rather just a trace fossil. This is due to the rarity of association between a trace fossil and a specific organism or group of organisms. Trace fossils are therefore included in an ichnotaxon separate from Linnaean taxonomy. When referring to trace fossils, the terms ichnogenus and ichnospecies parallel genus and species respectively.
The most promising cases of phylogenetic classification are those in which similar trace fossils show details complex enough to deduce the makers, such as bryozoan borings, large trilobite trace fossils such as Cruziana, and vertebrate footprints. However, most trace fossils lack sufficiently complex details to allow such classification.
Ethologic classification
The Seilacherian System
Adolf Seilacher was the first to propose a broadly accepted ethological basis for trace fossil classification. They recognized that most trace fossils are created by animals in one of five main behavioural activities, and named them accordingly:
Cubichnia are the traces of organisms left on the surface of a soft sediment. This behaviour may simply be resting as in the case of a starfish, but might also evidence the hiding place of prey, or even the ambush position of a predator.
Domichnia are dwelling structures that reflect the life positions of organisms, for example the burrows or borings of suspension feeders, and are perhaps the most common of the established ethological classes.
Fodinichnia are feeding traces which are formed as a result of organisms disturbing the sediment in their search for food. They are normally created by deposit feeders as they tunnel through soft sediments, usually producing a 3D structure.
Pascichnia are a different type of feeding trace for which the trophic guild responsible are grazers. They create 2D features as they scour the surface of a hard or soft substrate in order to obtain nutriment.
Repichnia are locomotory tracks that show evidence of organisms moving from one station to another, usually in a near-straight to slightly curved line. Most of the very few traces to be verifiably assigned to a specific organism are in this category, such as various arthropod and vertebrate trackways.
Other ethological classes
Since the inception of behavioural categorization, several other ethological classes have been suggested and accepted, as follows:
Aedificichnia: evidence of organisms building structures outside of the infaunal realm, such as termite mounds or wasp nests.
Agrichnia: so-called "gardening traces", which are systematic burrow networks designed to capture migrating meiofauna or perhaps even to culture bacteria. The organism would have continually inspected this burrow system to prey on any smaller organisms that strayed into it.
Calichnia: structures that were created by organisms specifically for breeding purposes, e.g. bee cells.
Equilibrichnia: burrows within the sediment that show evidence for organisms' responses to variations in sedimentation rate (i.e. the burrow moves upwards to avoid burial, or downwards to avoid exposure). Typically this evidence will be in the form of spreiten, which are small laminations in the sediment that reflect previous positions the organisms were in.
Fugichnia: "escape traces" that are formed as a result of organisms' attempts to escape burial in sudden high-sedimentation events like turbidity currents. The burrows are often marked with chevron patterns showing the upward direction the organisms were tunnelling.
Praedichnia: trace fossils that show evidence of predatory behaviour, such as the drill holes (borings) left in shells by carnivorous gastropods, or more dramatically, the bite marks found on some vertebrate bones.
Over the years several other behavioural groups have been proposed, but in general they have been quickly discarded by the ichnological community. Some of the failed proposals are listed below, with a brief description.
Chemichnia: a type of agrichnia applied specifically to those instances of bacterial harvesting.
Cecidoichnia: a plant trace in which a gall is left on the plant as a result of interaction with animals, bacteria, or other plants.
Corrosichnia: traces that are left by plant roots as a result of their corrosive action on the sediments.
Cursichnia: a subgroup of the repichnia, created by a crawling or walking habit.
Fixichnia: traces left by sessile organisms that anchored themselves to a hard substrate.
Mordichnia: a praedichnial subgroup that shows evidence of the prey's death as a result of the attack.
Natichnia: a type of repichnia caused by disturbances to a soft sediment by a swimming organism, e.g. a benthic fish.
Polychresichnia: traces that show an origin in the combination of two or more established trace-producing behaviours, e.g. domichnia that served as the feeding position of the organisms.
Sphenoichnia: a plant trace created by the bioturbational action of roots.
Taphichnia: fugichnia in which the organism failed to escape and was buried, often resulting in its body fossil being found in association with the trace.
Volichnia: traces that show the position a flying organism (usually an insect) landed on a soft sediment.
Fixichnia is perhaps the group with the most weight as a candidate for the next accepted ethological class, being not fully described by any of the eleven currently accepted categories. There is also potential for the three plant traces (cecidoichnia, corrosichnia and sphenoichnia) to gain recognition in coming years, with little attention having been paid to them since their proposal.
Toponomic classification
Another way to classify trace fossils is to look at their relation to the sediment of origin. Martinsson has provided the most widely accepted of such systems, identifying four distinct classes for traces to be separated in this regard:
Endichnia are those traces that are found wholly within the casting medium, and therefore can only have been made by an infaunal organism.
Epichnia are found on the tops of the strata of origin, being those ridges and grooves that were formed by benthic organisms or infaunal burrows that have been exposed by erosion.
Exichnia are traces that are made of material that is different from the surrounding medium, having either been actively filled by an organism or eroded out and re-covered by an alien sediment.
Hypichnia are ridges and grooves found on the soles of the beds of origin at their interfaces with other strata, representing the opposite of epichnia.
Other classifications have been proposed, but none stray far from the above.
History
Early paleontologists originally classified many burrow fossils as the remains of marine algae, as is apparent in ichnogenera named with the -phycus suffix. Alfred Gabriel Nathorst and Joseph F. James both controversially challenged this incorrect classification, suggesting the reinterpretation of many "algae" as marine invertebrate trace fossils.
Several attempts to classify trace fossils have been made throughout the history of paleontology. In 1844, Edward Hitchcock proposed two orders: Apodichnites, including footless trails, and Polypodichnites, including trails of organisms with more than four feet.
See also
Ichnology
Trace fossil
References
External links
"Trace Fossils" by Kristian Saether & Christopher Clowes
Classification
Biological classification
Zoological nomenclature
Mário Efraín Gómez Espejero (born March 6, 1986) is a Colombian footballer who plays for Charlotte Eagles in USL Pro.
References
1986 births
Living people
Colombian footballers
Categoría Primera A player
Independiente Santa Fe footballers
Deportivo Pasto footballers
Charlotte Eagles players
Association football midfielders
Colombian expatriate footballers
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
USL Championship players
Footballers from Bogotá
The 2022 World Cup of Pool will be a professional pool doubles tournament, and the 15th edition of the World Cup of Pool. The event will be contested by 32 pairs representing different nations, and will take place at the Brentwood Centre in Brentwood, England, from 14 to 19 June 2022.
The German team of Joshua Filler and Thorsten Hohmann were defending their 2021 title, but were knocked out in the second round to the Dutch pairing of Niels Feijen and Marc Bijsterbosch.
Prize fund
The total prize money for the event:
Winners (per pair): $60,000
Runners-up (per pair): $30,000
Semi-finalists (per pair): $15,000
Quarter-finalists (per pair): $9,000
Last 16 losers (per pair): $4,500
Last 32 losers (per pair): $3,625
Teams
Each competing nation features two players, with the hosts, Great Britain, receiving two places. The Filipino pairing of Efren Reyes and Carlo Biado were replaced by Thailand due to travel issues.
The competing teams were made of the players below:
Tournament bracket
Source:
References
External links
2022
2022 in English sport
June 2022 sports events in the United Kingdom
2022 in cue sports
Brentwood (Essex town)
OSCI can refer to:
Open SystemC Initiative, now Accellera
Oshkosh Correctional Institution
Edward Flanders may refer to:
Ed Flanders (1934–1995), American actor
Ned Flanders, character in The Simpsons
The 2022–23 First Football League (also known as Prva nogometna liga and 1. NL) is the 32nd season of the second-level football competition for men's association football teams in Croatia, since its establishment in 1992. The season started on 13 August 2022 and will last until the spring of 2023.
The league is contested by 12 teams, four less than the previous season, and played in a triple round robin format.
This is the first season that the second level of men's football in Croatia was named First football league (Prva nogometna liga).
Teams
The following teams will compete in the 2022–23 Prva NL.
Changes
Varaždin was promoted to the 2022–23 HNL, while Croatia Zmijavci, Osijek II, Sesvete and Opatija were relegated to 2022–23 Druga NL. Dinamo Zagreb II was disbanded.
New clubs were Hrvatski Dragovoljac (relegated after single season in the top flight), relegated from 2021–22 Prva HNL and Vukovar 1991, winner of playoff between winners of five third tier leagues.
Before the start of the season, Inter Zaprešić ended up in bankruptcy and was dissolved. Instead of them, Croatia Zmijavci, originally relegated, was returned to the league.
Stadia and locations
League table
Results
References
2022-23
Croatia
2
Pasva () is a rural locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Poponavolotskoye Rural Settlement of Velsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 1,384 as of 2014. There are 21 streets.
Geography
Pasva is located 93 km northeast of Velsk (the district's administrative centre) by road. Levkovo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Velsky District
Robert E. Vigil (born October 26, 1953) is an American politician from the U.S. state of New Mexico. They were twice elected New Mexico State Auditor, serving from 1991 to 1998 and was New Mexico State Treasurer from 2003 until their resignation on October 26, 2005.
Arrest and conviction
Vigil, their predecessor, Michael A. Montoya, and two others were indicted on 28 counts of extortion, money laundering and racketeering by a federal jury. Vigil's first trial ended in a hung jury, but was convicted in a second trial of one count of attempted extortion while being acquitted of 23 other extortion and racketeering charges. They were sentenced to 37 months in prison, serving their term in Colorado and Texas. They were moved to a halfway house in June 2009 before being released on probation in December the same year.
References
|-
1953 births
Hispanic and Latino American politicians
Living people
New Mexico Democrats
New Mexico politicians convicted of crimes
People from San Miguel County, New Mexico
Politicians convicted of extortion under color of official right
State auditors of New Mexico
State treasurers of New Mexico
The Fighting Rookie is a 1934 American crime film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet and written by George Morgan. The film stars Jack La Rue, Ada Ince, DeWitt Jennings, Matthew Betz, Arthur Belasco and Tom Brower. The film was released on May 15, 1934, by Mayfair Pictures.
Plot
Cast
Jack La Rue as Jim Trent
Ada Ince as Molly Malone
DeWitt Jennings as Police Commissioner
Matthew Betz as Lewis Cantor
Arthur Belasco as Bates
Tom Brower as Tom Malone
References
External links
1934 films
1930s English-language films
American crime films
1934 crime films
Films directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet
American black-and-white films
Mayfair Pictures films
1930s American films
Thuingaleng Muivah (born 3 March 1934) is a Naga separatist politician and General Secretary of the National Socialist Council of Nagaland-IM.
Early career
They joined the Naga National Council (NNC), an armed group campaigning for secession of Nagaland from India. They subsequently became the General Secretary of NNC. When a group of NNC leaders signed the Shillong Accord of 1975 with the Government of India, Muviah and some others denounced them as traitors.
NNC to NSCN
In 1980, a faction led by Isak Chishi Swu, S. S. Khaplang and Muivah broke away from NNC to form the National Socialist Council of Nagalim (NSCN). The NSCN was formed as a result of discontentment with the Shillong Accord, and continued secessionist activities abandoned by the NNC. The group later split into NSCN (IM) led by Swu and Muivah, and NSCN (K) led by Khaplang due to major disagreements.
Peace talks
NSCN (IM) under the leadership of Thuingaleng Muivah and Isak Chishi Swu signed a ceasefire agreement with the Government of India in August 1997 after decades of engaging in hostile fighting with Indian security forces. The major breakthrough of the peace talk happened on 3 August 2015 with the signing of a peace accord between Indian Government.
References
1934 births
Nagaland politicians
Living people
People from Ukhrul district
Manipur politicians
Indian independence activists from Nagaland
Naga nationalism
Liski is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Lisa Messenger (born 1971) is an Australian entrepreneur and author.  They are the owner and creative director of marketing for The Messenger Group, a book publishing company. As well as the founder and Editor-in-Chief of Collective Hub.
Background
Messenger grew up on a large farm outside Coolah, central western New South Wales, Australia and now lives north of Bondi Beach, Sydney.
Them first job was as a riding instructor. They graduated from a boarding school in Sydney and Southern Cross University (Bachelor of Business, 1999). They worked for several years before taking their degree. They founded The Messenger Group in 2001 in Sydney, brokering sponsorship deals and doing public relations and marketing.
Them self-help and entrepreneurship books reveal several major personal challenges as well as business success. They were married and divorced, and as detailed in their 2016 books, was engaged to an entrepreneur in 2015.
Businesses
The Messenger Group is a media company. Lisa Messenger launched it as a publishing company in 2001, and it now has 18 arms including a lifestyle website, publishing, events, marketing consultancy, and homewares. The Group has published around 400 books. Collective was launched in 2013 with $1.5 million of their own money, as an "entrepreneurial and lifestyle" print magazine, alongside a website and events company. As of 2015, Collective is said to be distributed in 37 countries.
In October 2017, it announced that this flagship publication would shift from monthly to bi-monthly after "several redundancies as the business streamlines itself around the three key pillars of print, digital and events."
On 26 March 2018, Messenger announced that the print edition would close. They also closed the Sydney office. Financial and creative reasons were given and they wrote a book about the process. Several months later, the print edition was reinstated, although with one-off issues and freelance contracts for a smaller number of journalists.
Books
Messenger has written several lifestyle and business books. Most were published by their own company, although Daring & Disruptive was also published by Simon & Schuster.
Messenger, L. 2020. Life In Lessons. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2019. Daily Mantras To Ignite Your Purpose. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2018. Risk & Resilience; Breaking & Remaking a Brand. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2018. Work From Wherever. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2016. Daring & Disruptive: Unleashing the Entrepreneur. Simon & Schuster/North Star Way
Messenger, L. 2016. Daring & Disruptive playbook. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2016. Breakups and Breakthroughs. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2015. Life & Love: Creating the Dream. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2015. Money and Mindfulness playbook. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2015. Money and Mindfulness: living in abundance. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2012. Social Media to Boost Your Brand. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. 2011. Books to Boost Your Brand. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. and C. Gray (eds.) 2009. Property Investing - The Australian Way. Messenger Publishing.
Messenger, L. 2009. Maverick Marketing. The Messenger Groups.
Messenger, L. and Z. Liew 2009. Cubicle Commando: Intrapreneurs, Innovation and Corporate Realities. Messenger Publishing.
Messenger, L. 2009. Happiness Is.... Messenger Publishing.
Awards
Southern Cross University Alumni of the Year (2010)
Thought Leaders Entrepreneur of the Year (2008)
References
1971 births
Living people
Australian writers
People educated at Ascham School
Australian women company founders
Australian company founders
The Madonna of the Rose (Madonna della rosa) is a 1518-1520 painting, now in the Museo del Prado in Madrid. Its attribution as by Raphael is uncertain, and the involvement of Giulio Romano cannot be excluded. The rose and the lower portion were added at a later date by an unknown artist. A second autograph version of this painting, without the added rose and lower strip, painted on wood panel, is owned by real estate magnate Luke Brugnara.In 2022 the painting was included in a exhibition held by the National Gallery
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Notes
References
External links
Prado catalogue entry
1520 paintings
Paintings of the Madonna and Child by Raphael
Paintings by Raphael in the Museo del Prado
Paintings of the Madonna and Child
Paintings depicting John the Baptist
Delmonico Lamont "Monty" Montgomery (born December 8, 1973) is a former professional American football cornerback in the National Football League. They played six seasons for the Indianapolis Colts (1997–1999), the San Francisco 49ers (1999–2000), the Philadelphia Eagles (2001), and the New Orleans Saints (2004).
1973 births
Living people
People from Gladewater, Texas
Players of American football from Dallas
American football safeties
American football cornerbacks
Houston Cougars football players
Indianapolis Colts players
San Francisco 49ers players
Philadelphia Eagles players
New Orleans Saints players
New Orleans VooDoo players
Nashville Kats players
New York Dragons players
Kansas City Brigade players
This is a list of number one songs on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart by year:
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Songs from the 1980s
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1990
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1991
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1992
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1993
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1994
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1995
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1996
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1997
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1998
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 1999
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 2000
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 2001
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 2002
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 2003
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Tracks of 2004
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2005
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2006
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2007
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2008
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2009
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Songs of 2010
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Songs of 2011
List of number-one Billboard Top Latin Songs of 2012
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2013
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2014
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2015
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2016
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2017
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2018
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2019
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2020
List of number-one Billboard Hot Latin Songs of 2021
External links
Current Hot Latin Songs chart. Billboard.com.
Terret is an ancient Vitis vinifera vine that, like the parent Pinot vine of Pinot noir's history, mutated over the course of thousands of years into grape varieties of several colors. Originating in the Languedoc-Roussillon wine of southern France, the descendants of Terret now include the red wine variety Terret noir, the white Terret blanc and the light-skinned Terret gris.
For years, the light skin varieties of the Terrets were grown together as field blends and used in Vermouth production. The dark-skinned Terret noir was more highly valued as a permitted variety in the notable Rhône wine of Châteauneuf-du-Pape as well as in the Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC)s of Corbières AOC and Minervois AOC in the Languedoc.
Plantings and identifications
In their research, ampelographer Pierre Galet identified Terret vines still growing the Languedoc with vines containing clusters that have different colored berries (red, white, pink) all in the same bunch but the French Institut national de l'origine et de la qualité (INAO) currently doesn't track Terret as a separate planting apart from Terret noir and Terret blanc/gris which are often counted together.
As of 2000, the INAO reported that there were 3000 hectares of the light skinned Terrets growing mostly in Hérault department, of which approximately 2,600 ha (6,400 acres) were believed to be the Terret blanc variety in particular. The dark skin Terret noir accounted for 400 ha (1000 acres) mostly in the Languedoc with some plantings Châteauneuf-du-Pape.
Viticulture and winemaking
All the Terret varieties are noted for their late budding, which helps the vines avoid Spring frost. The grapes ripen relatively early and are able to maintain high levels of acidity.
See also
Pinot (grape), a disambiguation page listing the many mutated varieties in the Pinot noir family
Muscat, another old family of grapes that has seen the many different varieties arise
References
Grape varieties
Jacques Cortelyou (ca 1625–1693) was an influential early citizen of New Amsterdam (later New York City) who was Surveyor General of the early Dutch colony. Cortelyou's main accomplishment was the so-called Cortelyou Survey, the first map of New York City, commonly called the Castello Plan after the location in a Tuscan palace where it was rediscovered centuries later.
Early life
Cortelyou arrived in Nieuw Amsterdam from Utrecht, Holland, where they had been born to French Huguenot parents. Cortelyou had studied mathematics and land-surveying and served first in Nieuw Amsterdam as tutor to the children of Cornelis van Werkhoven, to whom the Dutch West India Company had granted a tract of land called New Utrecht. Cortelyou was subsequently appointed Surveyor-General of the province of Nieuw Netherlands, succeeding Andries Hudde, and in 1660 made their famous map of Nieuw Amsterdam. Cortelyou also founded two subsequent settlements himself, New Utrecht on Long Island. In 1660 they designed Bergen Square site of the first town within the present borders of the state of New Jersey to receive a municipal charter.
Cortelyou's career as surveyor and real estate speculator
The town of Bergen was located on the bluff "on the west side of the North River in Pavonia," the present location of Bayonne, Jersey City, Hoboken and Weehawken. Cortelyou and their associates had a financial interest in the outcome of the new settlement: they had purchased some "12,000 morgens at Aquackanonk on the Passaic, purchased by themselves and associates of the Indians." There is some debate about the origin of the Bergen name, which happens to be the name of one of the earliest settlers of New Amsterdam. (The Bergen and Cortelyou families subsequently intermarried several times, indicating some degree of familiarity.) In any case, the year 1660 was the first time the word "Bergen" was used to describe the new settlement. The original map of the Bergen settlement by Cortelyou, as well as the list of patentees, have been lost to history.
Cortelyou was active in Nieuw Amsterdam and later in New York. They were a real estate speculator, and served in many public offices. As the Surveyor General of the city, Cortelyou worked under Governor Peter Stuyvesant. Their most well-known accomplishment was their map of early lower Manhattan, executed in 1660, and known as the Castello Plan. Cortelyou was also instrumental in helping to erect the wall, originally fortified against attacks by Native Americans, from which Wall Street derives its name.
The Labadist missionary Jasper Danckaerts recorded a visit to their Long Island home in 1679:
Cortelyou's Castello Plan
Cortelyou's early plan of New York City was known as the Castello Plan because it was later rediscovered at the Villa di Castello near Florence, Italy, in 1900. The map had been bound within an atlas that was sold to a member of the Medici family.
References
Further reading
The Island at the Center of the World: The Epic Story of Dutch Manhattan and the Forgotten Colony that Shaped America, Russell Shorto, Doubleday, New York, 2004
The Cortelyou Genealogy: A Record of Jaques Corteljou and of many of their Descendants, John Van Zandt Cortelyou, Brown Printing Service, Lincoln, Nebraska, 1942
Trivia
The architect Philip Johnson counted Jacques Cortelyou among their ancestors Philip Johnson: Life and Work, Franz Shulze, University of Chicago Press, 1996
Cortelyou Road in Brooklyn is named for this early surveyor The New York Times, June 5, 2005
Cortelyou Road (BMT Brighton Line), thus derives its name from Jacques Cortelyou
Lawrence Van Voorhees Cortelyou, a descendant of Jacques the surveyor, was a member of the Holland Society. "Names of Early Comers," The New York Times, January 13, 1895
1620s births
1693 deaths
American surveyors
American cartographers
People of colonial New Jersey
History of New York City
Huguenots
People of New Netherland
Scientists from Utrecht (city)
Benyamin Nuss (born 20 June 1989) is a German pianist and composer.
Life
Nuss was born in Bergisch Gladbach, Germany. They began playing the piano at age 6 in 1995 and was taught and supported by their then teacher Viktor Langemann. They also are greatly supported by their father, the internationally renowned Jazz trombonist Ludwig Nuss. With a good environment, they grew up with music from different genres. Later, inspired by “Doctor Gradus ad Parnassum” from “Children's Corner,” they began at the age of ten to study the composer Claude Debussy, and soon after the works of Maurice Ravel.
In 2004, Nuss was taught privately with concert-pianist Andreas Frölich in Bonn, Germany, and later changed teachers to Ilja Scheps as a youth-student. After high school, Nuss studied at the Hochschule für Musik Köln and graduated with a Bachelor in Music. They visited masterclasses there with Anatol Ugorski, Einar Steen-Nokleberg and Ragna Schirmer.
Through their success in German national music competition Jugend Musiziert, Nuss was invited to play concerts with the Youth Orchestra of North Rhine-Westphalia. In 2006, Nuss received a stipendium from the Werner Richard - Dr. Carl Dörken Stiftung and played recitals and concerts with different orchestras of North Rhine-Westphalia. In 2008, they were chosen for "Best of NRW", which allowed them to play twelve concerts in diverse concert halls in North Rhine-Westphalia.
Besides their love for classical music and jazz, they always had a passion for videogames and videogame music. They were the featured soloist in the award-winning Symphonic Fantasies and Distant Worlds: Music from Final Fantasy concerts in Tokyo, Chicago, Cologne and Stockholm. Additionally, their first soundtrack released was a tribute to Japanese composer Nobuo Uematsu, the former composer of the Japanese video game series, Final Fantasy.
In 2010, Benyamin did a tour through Germany, where they played again in many major concert halls, among them the Berliner Philharmonie, Frankfurt Alte Oper, Hamburg Laeiszhalle, Stuttgart "Liederhalle" and many more. Since then, Nuss has played solo performances on TV, like in “Stars von Morgen” with Rolando Villazón and performed in front of German Chancellor, Angela Merkel.
In 2012, they recorded their second album, titled Exotica, which was followed by concerts in Tokyo and Singapore. Afterwards, did recordings and concerts for radio stations, performing Gershwin's “Concert For Piano in F” with the Deutsche Radio Philharmonie – Saarbrücken, Rhapsody In Blue, and Ravel's Piano Concerto Nr.2 with the WDR Rundfunk Orchester.
Lately, they have worked in close collaboration with Japanese composer Masashi Hamauzu, performing their compositions in Piano Works Delta/Epsilon/T_Comp1 (2013), Opus 4 Piano and Chamber Music Works (2014), and also some pieces in Benyamin's own album Exotica. Both of these were not released in any soundtrack, and are found only on their official YouTube channel.
Nuss performed piano at a Fanfest event for the Japanese MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV in 2017 in Frankfurt, Germany, performing alongside vocalist Susan Calloway in a concert performance playing a number of popular music tracks from the Final Fantasy XIV game.
Nuss was praised by Japanese composer Nobuo Uematsu at the event for their piano performance citing their passion for both the piano and the music they played.
Nuss performed piano at another Fanfest event in 2019 in Paris, France, performing alongside vocalist Susan Calloway in a concert performance playing some news tracks from Final Fantasy XIV.
Albums
2010 – Benyamin Nuss Plays Uematsu; Deutsche Grammophon
2012 – Exotica; Deutsche Grammophon
with works by Claude Debussy, Darius Milhaud, Heitor Villa-Lobos, Alberto Ginastera, Charles T. Griffes, Mily Balakirev, Alan Hovhaness, Alexandre Tansman, Martin Torp, Benyamin Nuss, Jonne Valtonen and Masashi Hamauzu
2014 – Masashi Hamauzu: Opus 4, with Lisa Schumann (Violin) and Kana Shirao (Cello); Mons Records
2015 – Paul Juon: Silhouettes op. 9 and op. 43, Sieben kleine Tondichtungen op. 81, with Malwina Sosnowski (Violin) und Rebekka Hartmann (Violin); Musiques Suisses
2016 – Nikolai Kapustin: Works for Cello, with Christine Rauh (cello); SWR Music
2018 – Mia Brentano's Hidden Sea: 20 Songs for 2 Pianos, with Max Nyberg (2nd Piano); Mons Records
2022 – Mia Brentano's Summerhouse: New Music for 2 Pianos, with Billy Test (2nd Piano); Mons Records
Performances
Video Games
2013 - Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix; Performed Lord of the Castle
2014 - Kingdom Hearts HD 2.5 Remix
2016 - World of Final Fantasy
2017 - Kingdom Hearts Orchestra -World Tour-
References
External links
Official website
1989 births
German composers
German male composers
German pianists
Living people
People from Bergisch Gladbach
German male pianists
21st-century pianists
21st-century German male musicians
An informal independence referendum for Kurdistan Region was held on 30 January 2005, with final results showing the vast majority of votes, 98.98 percent, cast in favour of independence. Conducted by the Kurdistan Referendum Movement alongside the Iraqi parliamentary elections and Kurdistan Region elections of 2005, the referendum asked the people of Kurdistan Region whether they favoured remaining a part of Iraq or were in favour of an independent Kurdistan.
Background
On 22 December 2004, a non-partisan delegation headed by Ardishir Rashidi-Kalhur, president of the Kurdish American Education Society met with Carina Perelli, Head of the U.N. Electoral Assistance Division and staff, at the United Nations Headquarters in New York, to hand over 1,732,535 signatures, which were collected endorsing the call for an independence referendum on the future of Southern Kurdistan.
The referendum was held at the end of the term of the Iraqi Interim Government.
Impact
The referendum did not lead to the independence of Kurdistan because of threats from neighboring countries, but the Kurdistan Region was granted autonomy in the Constitution of Iraq adopted on October 15, 2005.
Results
See also
2017 Kurdistan Region independence referendum
References
Separatism in Iraq
Kurdistan independence movement
Kurdistan
Referendums in Kurdistan Region
Kurdistan
2005 in Iraq
Monte Leco is a mountain in Liguria, northern Italy, part of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 1072 metres.
Access to the summit
The mountain is easily accessible by signposted tracks departing from Bocchetta Pass or Isoverde (municipality of Campomorone).
The Alta Via dei Monti Liguri, a long-distance trail from Ventimiglia (province of Imperia) to Bolano (province of La Spezia), passes very close to the mountain's summit.
Nature conservation
The mountain and its surrounding area are part of a SIC (Site of Community Importance) called Praglia – Pracaban – M. Leco – P. Martin (code: IT1331501). Its northern slopes are included in the Piedmontese natural park of the Capanne di Marcarolo.
References
Mountains of Liguria
Mountains of Piedmont
One-thousanders of Italy
Natura 2000 in Italy
Mountains of the Apennines
Six Points may refer to:
Canada
Islington-Six Points, an area of the former city of Etobicoke, Ontario, now part of Toronto, Canada
United States
Six Points, Clay County, Indiana
Six Points, Hendricks County, Indiana
Six Points, Ohio
Six Points Texas, an outdoor Western set on the backlot of Universal Studios Hollywood
See also
Six point movement
Six-pointed star
The Rake's Progress is an English-language opera from 1951 in three acts and an epilogue by Igor Stravinsky. The libretto, written by W. H. Auden and Chester Kallman, is based loosely on the eight paintings and engravings A Rake's Progress (1733–1735) of William Hogarth, which Stravinsky had seen on 2 May 1947, in a Chicago exhibition.
The story concerns the decline and fall of one Tom Rakewell, who deserts Anne Trulove for the delights of London in the company of Nick Shadow, who turns out to be the Devil. After several misadventures, all initiated by the devious Shadow, Tom ends up in Bedlam, a hospital for the insane at that time situated in the City of London. The moral of the tale is: "For idle hearts and hands and minds the Devil finds work to do."
Performance history
It was first performed at the Teatro La Fenice in Venice on 11 September 1951, with Elisabeth Schwarzkopf creating the role of Anne Trulove, and Robert Rounseville that of Tom Rakewell. It was first given in Paris at the Opéra-Comique on 18 June 1952, under the baton of André Cluytens and produced by Louis Musy.
The American premiere was on 14 February 1953, at the Metropolitan Opera in New York, conducted by Fritz Reiner and produced by George Balanchine. Although the BBC had previously produced a studio recording (broadcast on 2 January 1953), and the Glyndebourne Opera mounted a staged production at the King's Theatre in Edinburgh in August 1953, the first staging in England was by the same company at the Glyndebourne Festival itself, opening on 15 July 1954.
In 1957, it was a part of the first season of the Santa Fe Opera under the direction of John Crosby, who persuaded the composer to attend rehearsals. Stravinsky returned to the SFO each summer through 1963. In 1961, Ingmar Bergman produced the opera at the Royal Swedish Opera in Stockholm, where it opened on 22 April. The noteworthy 1975 Glyndebourne Festival Opera production was directed by John Cox, used sets and costumes were designed by David Hockney, and starred Leo Goeke as Tom Rakewell.
In 2010 the Berlin Staatsoper debuted Krzysztof Warlikowski's production, which transported the action from England to America and set it in the 20th century. The production was full of references to American culture, such as Andy Warhol.
in 2015, the Utah Opera produced the opera with the costumes and set designed by David Hockney, first seen at Glyndebourne in 1975. Utah Symphony music director Thierry Fischer conducted, with stage direction by Roy Rallo, who assisted John Cox during San Francisco Opera's 2000 revival.
Also, in 2015, Portland Opera presented the David Hockney production. Conductor was Ari Pelto and with the major roles taken by Jonathon Boyd, David Pittsinger, Maureen McKay and Angela Niederloh.
Roles
Instrumentation
Stravinsky scored the opera for a classical-sized orchestra of two flutes (one doubling piccolo), two oboes (one doubling cor anglais), two clarinets, two bassoons, two horns, two trumpets, timpani, bell, harpsichord (or piano) and strings.
Synopsis
Act 1
Tom Rakewell is courting Anne Trulove outside their father's house in the country. Father Trulove has doubts about their daughter's proposed marriage and tries to arrange a regular job for Tom; but Tom resists the idea and, left on their own, declares their intention to "live by my wits and trust to my luck." When Tom expresses their wish for money, Nick Shadow appears and tells them that an unknown uncle has left them a substantial fortune. They then invites Tom to employ them as a servant and accompany Tom to London to sort out the inheritance.
The second scene, set in Mother Goose's brothel, shows Shadow introducing their new master to the sleazy aspects of London life. But Tom is uneasy and laments their betrayal of love, yet accepts Mother Goose's invitation to spend the night with them Meanwhile, back in the country, Anne wonders why they have not heard from Tom. They know somehow that they are in danger, and sets out for London to aid him.
Act 2
Tom is bored with their dissolute life. They utter their second crucial wish, for happiness, whereupon Nick makes the odd suggestion that they demonstrate their freedom by marrying Baba the Turk, the famous bearded lady. Soon afterwards Anne finds Tom's London house, only to see them emerge from a sedan chair which also contains Baba, whom they have just married. Tom tells Anne to leave, yet genuinely regrets what has happened.
In the next scene Tom is clearly finding their eccentric marriage intolerable, as Baba is a chatterbox with a fiery temper. They silence them by throwing their wig over their face, then falls asleep. Nick enters with a "fantastic Baroque Machine" and demonstrates how, through the use of a hidden compartment in the machine, it appears to turn stones into bread. Tom cries out in their sleep that they wish it were true, and waking, finds the machine they have dreamt of. Nick hints that if such machines were mass-produced Tom could become a saviour of humankind and Tom sets out to market the machine, not knowing it is a sham.
Act 3 and Epilogue
The plan has failed – the act starts with the auction of the ruined Tom's property by the maniac auctioneer Sellem. The objects for sale include Baba, who has remained immobile since being silenced by the wig. When unwrapped, they resume their tantrum, now directed at the auction-goers for disturbing their belongings, but calms down when Anne enters. Baba advises them to find Tom and "set them right", and warns them against Nick Shadow. They announce their intent to return to their life on the stage.
In a graveyard, Nick reveals their identity and demands payment from Tom, in the form of their soul; but as midnight strikes, Nick offers them an escape in the form of a game of cards; this section is accompanied only by harpsichord. Tom wins, thanks to the benign influence of Anne. Defeated, Nick sinks into the ground, condemning Tom to insanity as they go. Consigned to Bedlam, Tom believes they are Adonis. Anne ("Venus") visits him, sings them to sleep, then quietly leaves him. When they realise they have gone, they die.
In an epilogue, each of the principal characters gives a moral drawn from their scenes in the opera, and then come together to ascribe a final joint moral, "for idle hands, and hearts and minds, the Devil finds a work to do."
Noted arias
Shadow's Aria ("Come, master, observe the host of humankind.")
Shadow's Departure ("I burn! I freeze!")
Anne's Aria ("No word from Tom.")
Tom Rakewell's Aria ("Here I stand...")
Tom Rakewell's 2nd Aria (“Love Too Frequently Betrayed”)
Tom Rakewell's 3rd Aria (“Vary the Song”)
Baba the Turk's Aria and Monologue ("As I was saying, both brothers wore moustaches...")
Anne's Lullaby ("Gently, little boat")
Quotes
Shadow (goading Tom into further ridiculous behaviour):
No eye their future can foretell
No law their past explain
Whom neither Passion may compel
Nor Reason can restrain.
Recordings
There have been more than half a dozen recordings of the opera. The Gala recording of the 1951 live performance is available. A Sony recording, with Judith Raskin as Ann and John Reardon as Nick Shadow, is from London 1964 and is conducted by Stravinsky himself. It is currently available on the Sony/BMG 22-CD box set Works of Igor Stravinsky.
References
Sources
Fuller, John. W. H. Auden: A Commentary. London: Faber and Faber, 1998. (cased); (pbk). Princeton, N.J.: Princeton University Press, 1998. (cased); (pbk.)
Griffiths, Paul, with Igor Stravinsky, Robert Craft, and Gabriel Josipovici. Igor Stravinsky: The Rake's Progress. Cambridge Opera Handbooks. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1982.
Mendelson, Edward. Later Auden. London: Faber, 1999. . New York: Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 1999.
Further reading
Carter, Chandler. "The Rake's Progress and Stravinsky's Return: The Composer's Evolving Approach to Setting Text". Journal of the American Musicological Society 63, no. 3 (Fall 2010): 553–640.
Carter, Chandler. The Last Opera: 'The Rake's Progress' in the Life of Stravinsky and Sung Drama. Bloomington: Indiana University Press, 2019.
External links
The W. H. Auden Society
The Rake's Progress Libretto (in English and Italian) from Portale di varia cultura
"Throughout The Rake's Progress, the steady friction between Stravinsky's music and Auden's poetry creates a musico-poetic compound that brims with energy and life."
Operas by Igor Stravinsky
English-language operas
1951 operas
Neoclassicism (music)
Operas
Libretti by W. H. Auden
Operas set in London
Operas set in England
Music based on art
Opera world premieres at La Fenice
The Devil in opera
As originally stated in terms of direct-current resistive circuits only, Thévenin's theorem states that "For any linear electrical network containing only voltage sources, current sources and resistances can be replaced at terminals A–B by an equivalent combination of a voltage source Vth in a series connection with a resistance Rth."
The equivalent voltage Vth is the voltage obtained at terminals A–B of the network with terminals A–B open circuited.
The equivalent resistance Rth is the resistance that the circuit between terminals A and B would have if all ideal voltage sources in the circuit were replaced by a short circuit and all ideal current sources were replaced by an open circuit.
If terminals A and B are connected to one another, the current flowing from A to B will be Vth/Rth. This means that Rth could alternatively be calculated as Vth divided by the short-circuit current between A and B when they are connected together.
In circuit theory terms, the theorem allows any one-port network to be reduced to a single voltage source and a single impedance.
The theorem also applies to frequency domain AC circuits consisting of reactive(inductive and capacitive) and resistive impedances. It means the theorem applies for AC in an exactly same way to DC except that resistances are generalized to impedances.
The theorem was independently derived in 1853 by the German scientist Hermann von Helmholtz and in 1883 by Léon Charles Thévenin (1857–1926), an electrical engineer with France's national Postes et Télégraphes telecommunications organization.
Thévenin's theorem and its dual, Norton's theorem, are widely used to make circuit analysis simpler and to study a circuit's initial-condition and steady-state response. Thévenin's theorem can be used to convert any circuit's sources and impedances to a Thévenin equivalent; use of the theorem may in some cases be more convenient than use of Kirchhoff's circuit laws.
Calculating the Thévenin equivalent
The equivalent circuit is a voltage source with voltage VTh in series with a resistance RTh.
The Thévenin-equivalent voltage VTh is the open-circuit voltage at the output terminals of the original circuit. When calculating a Thévenin-equivalent voltage, the voltage divider principle is often useful, by declaring one terminal to be Vout and the other terminal to be at the ground point.
The Thévenin-equivalent resistance RTh is the resistance measured across points A and B "looking back" into the circuit. The resistance is measured after replacing all voltage- and current-sources with their internal resistances. That means an ideal voltage source is replaced with a short circuit, and an ideal current source is replaced with an open circuit. Resistance can then be calculated across the terminals using the formulae for series and parallel circuits. This method is valid only for circuits with independent sources. If there are dependent sources in the circuit, another method must be used such as connecting a test source across A and B and calculating the voltage across or current through the test source.
As a mnemonic, the Thevenin replacements for voltage and current sources can be remembered as we turn the sources' values (meaning their voltage or current) to zero. A zero valued voltage source would create a potential difference of zero volts between its terminals, just like an ideal short circuit would do, with two leads touching; therefore we replace the source with a short circuit. Similarly, a zero valued current source and an open circuit both pass zero current.
Example
In the example, calculating the equivalent voltage:
(Notice that R1 is not taken into consideration, as above calculations are done in an open-circuit condition between A and B, therefore no current flows through this part, which means there is no current through R1 and therefore no voltage drop along this part.)
Calculating equivalent resistance ( is the total resistance of two parallel resistors):
Conversion to a Norton equivalent
A Norton equivalent circuit is related to the Thévenin equivalent by
Practical limitations
Many circuits are only linear over a certain range of values, thus the Thévenin equivalent is valid only within this linear range.
The Thévenin equivalent has an equivalent I–V characteristic only from the point of view of the load.
The power dissipation of the Thévenin equivalent is not necessarily identical to the power dissipation of the real system. However, the power dissipated by an external resistor between the two output terminals is the same regardless of how the internal circuit is implemented.
A proof of the theorem
The proof involves two steps. The first step is to use superposition theorem to construct a solution. Then, uniqueness theorem is employed to show that the obtained solution is unique. It is noted that the second step is usually implied in literature.
By using superposition of specific configurations, it can be shown that for any linear "black box" circuit which contains voltage sources and resistors, its voltage is a linear function of the corresponding current as follows
Here, the first term reflects the linear summation of contributions from each voltage source, while the second term measures the contributions from all the resistors.
The above expression is obtained by using the fact that the voltage of the black box for a given current is identical to the linear superposition of the solutions of the following problems: (1) to leave the black box open circuited but activate individual voltage source one at a time and, (2) to short circuit all the voltage sources but feed the circuit with a certain ideal voltage source so that the resulting current exactly reads (Alternatively, one can use an ideal current source of current ). Moreover, it is straightforward to show that and are the single voltage source and the single series resistor in question.
As a matter of fact, the above relation between and is established by superposition of some particular configurations. Now, the uniqueness theorem guarantees that the result is general. To be specific, there is one and only one value of once the value of is given. In other words, the above relation holds true independent of what the "black box" is plugged to.
In three-phase circuits
In 1933, A. T. Starr published a generalization of Thévenin's theorem in an article of the magazine Institute of Electrical Engineers Journal, titled A New Theorem for Active Networks, which states that any three-terminal active linear network can be substituted by three voltage sources with corresponding impedances, connected in wye or in delta.
See also
Millman's theorem
Source transformation
Superposition theorem
Norton's theorem
Maximum power transfer theorem
Extra element theorem
References
Further reading
First-Order Filters: Shortcut via Thévenin Equivalent Source — showing on p. 4 complex circuit's Thévenin's theorem simplication to first-order low-pass filter and associated voltage divider, time constant and gain.
External links
Circuit theorems
Linear electronic circuits
Navajo Technical University (NTU) is a public tribal land-grant university in Crownpoint, New Mexico, with sites in the towns of Chinle, Arizona and Teec Nos Pos, Arizona. NTU is the largest tribal college in the country and is a 1994 land grant university. It has been accredited by the Higher Learning Commission since 2005 and is home to the first accredited veterinary technician program on an Indian reservation.
History
Navajo Technical University was chartered by the Navajo Nation in 1979 as the Navajo Skill Center and sought to meet the needs of its unemployed population. After expanding the school's mission, the Center was renamed Crownpoint Institute of Technology in 1985. The institution was designated a land-grant college in 1994 alongside 31 other tribal colleges. In 2006, the Navajo Nation Council approved changing its name to Navajo Technical College. The institution's name was changed once more in 2013 to its current name, Navajo Technical University.
Services
NTU provides support services including:
student and faculty housing (Crownpoint site only)
a childcare center
computer technologies
comprehensive library services
Academics
NTU offers a variety of academic programs, including certificates, associate degrees, bachelor's degree, and a Master of Arts degree in Diné Studies. As of 2011, it is one of seven tribal colleges in the U.S. to offer a degree related to tribal administration.
Partnerships
NTU is a member of the American Indian Higher Education Consortium (AIHEC), a community of tribally- and federally-chartered institutions. NTU was created in response to the higher education needs of American Indians. It generally serves geographically isolated populations that have no other means of accessing education beyond the high school level.
References
External links
Official website
Public universities and colleges in New Mexico
Education in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Buildings and structures in Albuquerque, New Mexico
American Indian Higher Education Consortium
Technical schools
USCAA member institutions
Educational institutions established in 1979
1979 establishments in New Mexico
Education on the Navajo Nation
In 1929, Western Australia (WA) celebrated the centenary of the founding of Perth and the establishment of the Swan River Colony, the first permanent European settlement in WA. A variety of events were run in Perth, regional areas throughout the state, and even across Australia such as the Western Australian Centenary Air Race.
Preparations
In 1926, the 25th anniversary of federation passed without much recognition, due in part to the sense of isolation that help to form Western Australia's identity. There was limited acknowledgement from the other states of the unique circumstances of Western Australia's situation, due to what historian Geoffrey Blainey described as "the tyranny of distance". It was this isolation that helped focus the community on celebrating its centenary; later, it would also be the catalyst for a growing secessionist movement.
In 1927, the premier, Philip Collier, asked Hal Colebatch to write a history of the state, and in 1929 A Story of a hundred years : Western Australia, 1829-1929 was published.
A celebration committee began preparations in 1928, and in 1929 produced a number of publications including calendars of events. As 1929 approached, most towns formed their own committees and organised events, these ranged from special race meetings to regional shows, formal dinners, dances and sporting events. Additionally some towns and community organisations also renamed existing local features like parks and buildings, while others set aside an area for a monument which was then unveiled in the presence of dignitaries including the Governor, Premier and descendants of the early settlers.
Other events held in Perth in 1929
In April 1929 there was a demonstration held in Perth of fire brigades from around the country.
In June 1929 there was the Australian national general Methodist conference.
In July 1929 there were interstate football games held in Perth.
Centenary celebrations
Many locations in Western Australia had buildings or locations that became known as Centenary memorials; for example the Municipality of Fremantle built a Centenary Building, the Claremont Showground has a Centenary Pavilion that still stands, and Northam had a Centenary Hill.
Avenues of trees were planted in Kings Park in commemoration of the event as well as honouring people involved in the celebrations.
The Perth Branch of the Royal Mint produced a commemorative medal. Most of the 85,000 medals struck were bronze, and the majority were given to Western Australian school children. 900 silver medals were also made, as were 3 gold medals.
12 August 1929
The Governor Sir William Campion presided at the placement of a plaque in the wall of the Perth Town Hall on Barrack Street that recorded the centenary celebrations in August.
Centenary Celebration Period
The Centenary Celebration Period was designated as 28 September 1929 – 12 October 1929.
Despite a range of events involving various national bodies in the year, the specific main event was the 1929 Centenary Parade, which was held on Wednesday 2 October (which had been made a public holiday) and known as the Historic and Industrial Procession, passing through Perth.
2 October 1929
Wednesday 2 October 1929 was a public holiday in Perth.
The main Centenary procession (1929 Centenary Parade) involved considerable preparation of floats representing commercial and regional attributes of the state. It passed through the streets of Perth.
The Centenary Ball and celebrations at the Perth Oval were also held.
The afternoon at Perth Oval on the same day was the site of a Naval and Military Tournament.
Subsequent events
In September, 1929, a choir of 1,000 voices sang at a Children's Thanksgiving Mass in Victoria Square, and also in a Centenary concert in Their Majesty's Theatre.
On 24 November 1929, the Kings Park War Memorial Cenotaph was unveiled by the Governor William Campion to commemorate the fallen of World War I.
Fremantle
One of the events organised was a re-enactment of the 1829 arrival of settlers at Fremantle, attended by Campion.
Prisoner remissions
In October, the Premier, Philip Collier announced that prisoner sentences of more than one month would be reduced at the rate of two days for each month of sentence remaining, after allowing for good conduct. Prisoners serving sentences during Their Majesty's pleasure were excluded from the remissions.
Proximity to Depression
Western Australian historian Geoffrey Bolton ties in the events and the subsequent difficult times due to the economic depression in their book A Fine Country to Starve in (1972). While more recently Annette Davis looked at the popular entertainment values of the era.
Legacy
A significant amount of the organisation of the celebrations was attributed to the librarian James Sykes Battye, whose efforts in organising committees were noted in the celebration year.
Historical Society plaques
The Royal Western Australian Historical Society commissioned plaques that were ceremonially placed upon locations of significance to Western Australia. Locations included:
The Round House, the oldest building still standing in WA
All Saints Church, Henley Brook, at the camp site of Captain James Stirling's furthest up-stream exploration in 1827
Chippers Leap
Publications
See also
Centenary of Albany, Western Australia
The Foundation of Perth 1829, a painting depicting the founding of Perth in 1829
Silver Centenary, a plane built in 1929–1930 and named in honour of the centenary.
WAY 79, the 1979 celebration of the 150th anniversary
Australian Bicentenary, the national event held in 1988
Western Australian 175th Anniversary, in 2004
Notes
Further reading
Battye, J. S. (1929) The centenary of Western Australia. Mutual Provident Messenger, No. 381, Vol. XXXVIII, No. 3, 1 March 1929.
Kirwan, John, Sir (1929) The centenary of Western Australia, London: Whitefriars Press
1929 in Western Australia
The pale prinia (Prinia somalica) is a species of bird in the family Cisticolidae.
It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, and South Sudan.
Its natural habitats are dry savanna and subtropical or tropical dry shrubland.
References
pale prinia
Birds of the Horn of Africa
pale prinia
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Streptomyces fragilis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Argentina. Streptomyces fragilis produces the antibiotic azaserine.
See also
List of Streptomyces species
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Streptomyces fragilis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
fragilis
Bacteria described in 1956
The 2016 National League Championship Series was a best-of-seven playoff in which the Chicago Cubs defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers for the National League (NL) pennant and the right to play in the 2016 World Series against the Cleveland Indians. As the Division Series winner with the best regular season record in the National League, the Cubs earned home-field advantage regardless of opponent. The series was the 47th in league history. FS1 televised all of the games in the United States.
The Cubs would go on to defeat the Cleveland Indians in the World Series in seven games, after overcoming a 3–1 series deficit, winning their first World Series championship in 108 years, and ending the Curse of the Billy Goat.
Background
The 2016 NLCS was the Cubs' second consecutive NLCS appearance and fifth overall. Chicago lost its first four NLCS appearances, in 1984, 1989, 2003, and most recently were swept in the 2015 National League Championship Series. This was the first time the Cubs have made back-to-back NLCS appearances. The Cubs had not won a World Series championship since 1908 or played in the World Series since 1945.
This was the Dodgers' 11th overall appearance in the NLCS. Los Angeles was in the NLCS for the first time since losing the 2013 National League Championship Series to the St. Louis Cardinals. The Dodgers split their previous ten NLCS appearances, with their most recent victory in 1988, the same year they last appeared in and won the World Series.
This was the second postseason meeting between the Cubs and the Dodgers. Their only other postseason series was the 2008 National League Division Series, in which the Dodgers swept the Cubs in three games, this postseason matchup would happen again in the 2017 NLCS, with the Dodgers winning four games to one.
The Cubs won the regular season series 4 games to 3. Chicago won three of the four games played at Wrigley Field from May 30 to June 2, while Los Angeles took two out of three games played at Dodger Stadium from August 26 to 28.
With the Cubs' and Dodgers' appearances, the winning team was guaranteed to end a pennant drought of at least 28 years. The last time an NLCS had two teams that had pennant droughts of more than 25 years was 1989, when the Giants had a 27-year drought and the Cubs a 44-year drought.
Summary
Game summaries
Game 1
With Clayton Kershaw needed to unexpectedly close out the 2016 National League Division Series against the Washington Nationals and Rich Hill having to start that game on three days' rest, the Dodgers turned to Kenta Maeda to open this series. Opposing them was Cubs' ace Jon Lester. Chicago got to Maeda early. Dexter Fowler singled to lead off the first and scored on Kris Bryant's double. Jason Heyward tripled to lead off the second and scored on Javier Báez's double. Baez moved to third on a wild pitch, then stole home to make it 3–0 Cubs. They became the first Cub to steal home in the postseason since 1907. Lester pitched well, allowing only one run (a pinch-hit home run by Andre Ethier in the fifth) in six innings. In the top of the eighth, the Dodgers loaded the bases with no outs on two singles and walk off Mike Montgomery and Pedro Strop. Aroldis Chapman in relief struck out Corey Seager and Yasiel Puig, but Adrián González tied the game with a two-run single to center In the bottom of the inning, Miguel Montero's pinch-hit grand slam off Joe Blanton was followed by a Dexter Fowler homer on the next pitch to put the Cubs back in front 8–3. The Dodgers got a run off Héctor Rondón in the ninth when Joc Pederson singled with one out and scored on Andrew Toles's double, but Chase Utley lined into an inning-ending double play as Game 1 marked the Cubs' first victory in a National League Championship Series since Game 4 of 2003. They had previously lost seven straight NLCS games.
Game 2
Game 2 featured a matchup between two of the league's stingiest pitchers in 2016, in terms of earned run average. Clayton Kershaw and Kyle Hendricks were the top two in ERA in baseball, although the former didn't have enough innings to qualify. The start marked the fourth appearance in ten games for Kershaw in the 2016 playoffs. For Hendricks, this was their first appearance since being struck on the forearm by a line drive by Ángel Pagán in Game 2 of the National League Division Series.
The game lived up to the billing of a pitcher's duel. Kershaw pitched seven shutout innings and the Dodgers edged the Cubs, 1–0, to even up the series at one. There were just five hits. The only run scored in the second inning on a home run by Adrián González. Hendricks pitched innings of one-run ball, while four Cub relievers allowed three baserunners over innings. Kenley Jansen, whose previous outing in the NLDS was a seven-out, 51-pitch outing, got the first six-out save of their career. It was the Dodgers' first six-out save in a postseason since Jay Howell in Game 4 of the 1988 World Series. Jansen needed just 18 pitches as the Dodgers tied the series at a game apiece.
Game 2 was the Cubs' second 1–0 game of the postseason and first loss since Babe Ruth and the Boston Red Sox blanked them in the 1918 World Series opener at Comiskey Park. This was also the first time the Dodgers had won a Championship Series game on the road since Game 5 of the 1988 NLCS against the Mets.
Game 3
This was Jake Arrieta's first start at Dodger Stadium since their no-hitter on August 30, 2015. Opposing them was journeyman Rich Hill, a former Cub.
The Dodgers opened the scoring in the bottom of the third inning. Andrew Toles led off with a single to left, advanced to second base on a ground out by Hill, then scored with two outs on a Corey Seager single to left field. Yasmani Grandal made the score 3–0 in the fourth with a two-run homer to right field. The Dodgers tacked on another in the sixth as Justin Turner drilled a homer to center field, chasing Arrieta from the game. Hill, meanwhile, pitched six innings, limiting the Cubs to two hits and two walks with six strikeouts on 93 pitches.
Joe Blanton threw an inning in the seventh and Grant Dayton and Kenley Jansen combined to do so in the eighth. In the bottom of the eighth, against reliever Mike Montgomery, Yasiel Puig singled with one out and came around to score on a double down the left-field line by Joc Pederson, improving the Dodgers' lead to 5–0. Pederson would steal third base and score on a Grandal groundout, making it 6–0. Jansen pitched the ninth to end the game.
This was the first time the Dodgers shut out a team back-to-back in the postseason in their history. It was just the fourth time in LCS history a team posted consecutive shutout wins. It marked the first time the Cubs had been blanked in back-to-back games since May 27–28, 2014. The Cubs hitting slump continued as the 2-3-4-5 hitters went 3–27 in the two shutouts. The win gave the Dodgers a 2–1 series lead.
Game 4
Looking to break their two-game scoring drought, the Cubs sent playoff veteran John Lackey to the mound while the Dodgers went with Julio Urías, the youngest pitcher to start a game in postseason history. The Cubs' struggles continued as Urías held them without a hit through three innings. In the bottom of the second, the Dodgers had a scoring chance denied as Adrián González was thrown out at the plate by Jason Heyward after an Andrew Toles single. Dodger manager Dave Roberts called a video review but the call stood. In the fourth, the Cubs' bats began to awaken. Ben Zobrist notched their first hit with a leadoff bunt. Javier Báez and Willson Contreras followed with singles to score Zobrist, the first Cub run in 22 innings. A Heyward groundout scored another run and left Contreras at third for Addison Russell. On a 2–0 pitch, Russell broke out of their slump with a two-run homer to put the Cubs up 4–0. Urías was lifted one batter later. In the top of the fifth, Anthony Rizzo's home run on a full count made it 5–0. Back-to-back walks to begin the bottom of the fifth forced Lackey from the game. Reliever Mike Montgomery gave up a single to load the bases before striking out Corey Seager. A single off Montgomery's glove by Justin Turner brought in two runs, and the Dodgers reduced the lead to 5–2. Montgomery retired the next two batters to end the threat. In the top of the sixth, the Cubs blew the game open. Russell singled and reached second on a throwing error. Montgomery and Dexter Fowler both singled to score Russell. Following a Kris Bryant walk, Rizzo's single scored two runs to make it 8–2. Following a single by Zobrist to load the bases, Báez hit a sacrifice fly to center fielder Joc Pederson, whose throw to home got by the catcher. Bryant and Rizzo both came home, ballooning the lead to 10–2. The Cub bullpen shut down the Dodgers and the series was tied at two games apiece.
Game 5
Game 1 starters Jon Lester and Kenta Maeda returned. Chicago started the scoring in the first inning on a single by Dexter Fowler and an RBI double by Anthony Rizzo, but the Cubs left runners on base in the first, second, fourth, and fifth innings without another run. The Dodgers tied the game in the fourth following a Howie Kendrick double and steal of third. Adrián González hit a ball to Rizzo, who could not field it cleanly, allowing Kendrick to score. Struggling with heavy traffic on the bases throughout the early innings, Dodgers manager Dave Roberts lifted Maeda in the fourth inning. In the sixth, Javier Báez continued their strong post-season by singling. Addison Russell homered to center field to break the deadlock and put the Cubs up 3–1. After stranding two more runners in the seventh, the Cubs broke the game open in the eighth. Russell reached on an error and pinch hitter Willson Contreras singled. Also pinch-hitting, Albert Almora, Jr. bunted the runners over, and Fowler followed with a run-scoring infield single. An infield single by Kris Bryant scored Contreras, and a walk by Ben Zobrist loaded the bases for Baez, whose bases-clearing double put the Cubs up 8–1. The Dodgers scored a run in the bottom of the eighth off Pedro Strop on a double by Carlos Ruiz. Cubs closer Aroldis Chapman pitched the ninth. They allowed a run-scoring single by Josh Reddick and a sacrifice fly by Andrew Toles to make the score 8–4, but induced Justin Turner to ground out to end the game. The win put the Cubs on the brink of the World Series as the series moved back to Wrigley Field.
Game 6
Cubs pitchers Kyle Hendricks and Aroldis Chapman combined to allow only two hits and one walk, facing the minimum 27 batters, the first time this had occurred in postseason play since Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series. The Cubs won the series four games to two and won the pennant for the first time since 1945, clinching a pennant at home for the first time since 1932. Hendricks pitched shutout innings, allowing just two hits and walking none. After they allowed a single in the eighth, Chapman entered and forced a double play to end the eighth and a double play grounder by Yasiel Puig to end the game, series, and the Cubs' 71-year pennant drought.
Anthony Rizzo and Willson Contreras each hit home runs and Kris Bryant, Ben Zobrist, and Dexter Fowler each drove in a run as the Cubs jumped to a 5–0 lead in the fifth inning. Of the four Dodgers to reach first base, none reached second: Andrew Toles (single, first inning), Josh Reddick (single, eighth inning), and Carlos Ruiz (walk, ninth inning) were all retired on double plays. Reddick reached on a fielding error in the second inning but was picked off at first by Hendricks. As a result, the Cubs faced the minimum number of batters, 27, to complete a nine-inning Major League Baseball game, a rarity in a postseason contest. (Don Larsen's perfect game in the 1956 World Series was the only other occurrence.
The Dodgers' World Series drought reached 28 years with the loss. Dodgers starter Clayton Kershaw could not repeat their Game 2 magic, giving up five runs and two home runs, being replaced in the sixth inning. Relief pitcher Kenley Jansen shut out the Cubs for three innings in the loss.
Javier Báez and Jon Lester won NLCS co-Most Valuable Player honors. Baez hit 7 for 22 in the series (.318), with five runs batted in. Lester achieved a 1.38 ERA in two starts, winning Game 5.
Composite line score
2016 NLCS (4–2): Chicago Cubs beat Los Angeles Dodgers.
Aftermath
Roughly 300,000 Chicago Cubs fans took to the streets outside Wrigley Field from Saturday night into Sunday to celebrate the team's first pennant since 1945, city officials estimated. 11 days later, fans would have an even bigger celebration as the Cubs won their first World Series in 108 years, defeating the Cleveland Indians in seven games.
Both the Cubs and Dodgers would meet again in the National League Championship Series in 2017, with the roles reversed this time around. The Dodgers, bolstered by the addition of rookie of the year and MVP candidate Cody Bellinger, a breakout season from Chris Taylor, and a trade deadline acquisition of ace starting pitcher Yu Darvish (Darvish would later sign with the Cubs in free agency after the 2017 season), won 104 games, the most by a National League club since the 2004 Cardinals. The Cubs struggled with injury and what was dubbed by pundits as "a World Series hangover", attributable to a deep postseason run and therefore a shorter offseason, but still managed to pull away and win the National League Central. In the series, the Dodgers steamrolled through the Cubs in five games. Their 20-plus run differential for the entire series was tied for the fourth largest in a postseason series.
See also
Curse of the Billy Goat
References
External links
2016 Major League Baseball season Schedule
Schedule for 2016 Postseason
2016 Major League Baseball season
2016
October 2016 sports events in the United States
Chicago Cubs postseason
Los Angeles Dodgers postseason
2016 in sports in California
2010s in Chicago
2016 in Illinois
2016 in Los Angeles
2016 in sports in Illinois
Sports competitions in Chicago
Wrigley Field
Ben Haslam (1928−2018) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s. They played in the NSWRFL premiership for North Sydney as a second rower.
Playing career
Haslam began their first grade career in 1952 with North Sydney a year after representing Newcastle in the country rugby league competition. Haslam spent their earlier years playing with Central Newcastle. Haslam was a member of the Norths sides which reached the preliminary finals in 1952 and 1953 and qualified for the finals in 1954. Haslam also represented New South Wales City in 1952 and played an exhibition match against the American All Stars in 1953. After leaving North Sydney, Haslam rejoined Central Newcastle and then went on to play with South Newcastle in 1957. They died on March 27 2018 aged 89.
References
North Sydney Bears players
Rugby league second-rows
1928 births
2018 deaths
City New South Wales rugby league team players
Radikal Bikers is a racing arcade game developed by the Spanish company Gaelco in 1998, with also a conversion for PlayStation developed instead by Bit Managers, it is only released in Europe. The spiritual successor to this game was Smashing Drive.
Gameplay
Radikal Bikers is set in a Mediterranean environment, and is based on delivering pizza on a rare Italian scooter called Italjet Dragster in heavy traffic before your AI opponent does, while getting points. The arcade version has three difficulty levels, which correspond to each of the different places: Margherita (easy, set in Milan), Capricciosa (medium, set in Rome), and Diabola (hard, set in Naples). If you beat all four races in a level, you get to play the next level free. Meanwhile, the PlayStation version includes four more locations on top of the original three as part of the extended Radikal mode: Marinara (set in Venice), Fantasia (set in Paris), Reggiana (set in London) and Americana (set in New York)
Points
Win one race - +50000 (Arcade) / Up to +10000 (Radikal);
Get Power-up - +1000 (Arcade) / +100 (Radikal) each;
Power Kick destructions - +1000 (Arcade) / +100 (Radikal) each;
Grabbing an Extra Point Power-up - +3000 (Arcade) / +400 (Radikal) each;
Grabbing a bad Power-up - -100 each.
Power-ups
Turbo - Indicated by the letter "T", which gives the High Speed, which is incompatible with Power Kick;
Power Kick - Indicated by the "bomb", which allows you to blow up cars by kicking them in the side for points, and is also incompatible with Turbo;
Extra Points - Indicated by "+$", which gives a bonus of 3000 points in Arcade Mode, or 400 points in Radikal Mode;
Extra Time - Indicated by the "hourglass", which gives +1 second of time;
The Joker - Indicated by the "?", which gives a Random power-up or extra points, which is actually based on its position and the biker you choose.
Characters
On the Arcade version are:
Carlo - From "Paolo's Maniak Pizza";
Gino - From "Frenzy Mario Pizza", but is present in the PlayStation version with the new name Paolo;
Nina - From "Paolo's Maniak Pizza", but is present in the PlayStation version (under different clothes and complexion) with the name Mbelle;
Sofia - From "Frenzy Mario Pizza", they are also present in the PlayStation version of the game.
Finally, on the PlayStation version there are three new characters: Albert, Gus and Noodles.
Development
Release
Reception
Next Generation reviewed the arcade version of the game, rating it four stars out of five, and stated that "There's nothing else quite like this gem in the arcades, and it's sure to bring a smile to your face."
Legacy
Notes
References
External links
Radikal Bikers at GameFAQs
Radikal Bikers at Killer List of Videogames
Radikal Bikers at MobyGames
1998 video games
Atari games
Arcade video games
Cancelled Game Boy Color games
Gaelco games
PlayStation (console) games
Racing video games
Video games about food and drink
Video games developed in Spain
Video games scored by Joan Sanmarti
Video games set in Italy
Tobore Ovuorie is a Nigerian journalist, health editor and senior investigative journalist with the Premium Times
Biography
Ovuorie published their first book at the age of sixteen. They embarked on an undercover investigation titled Inside Nigeria's Ruthless Human trafficking Mafia in 2013 which was published by Premium Times in 2014.
Ovuorie demanded $5,000,000 (about N225million) from EbonyLife films for publishing a film titled Oloture without giving them credit. They claimed that the film was a depiction of their experience in Inside Nigeria's Ruthless Human trafficking Mafia. The film production company owner Mo Abudu stated that the movie was a work of fiction and was inspired by a variety of true events. The statement also added that the movie Oloture was informed and developed after an in-depth consultation with several entities with diverse accounts of human and sex trafficking.
Awards
 They are a recipient of the 2021 Deutsche Welle (DW) Freedom of Speech Award.
References
Nigerian journalists
Investigative journalists
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Metin Hüseyin is a Turkish-Cypriot-British television and film director.
Career
Hüseyin's debut film, Tight Trousers, was nominated for a BAFTA Film Award for Best Short Film in 1989, and in 1998 they received an RTS award and a British Academy Television Award nomination for Common as Muck, and The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling won three BAFTAs. In 2002, they directed the film Anita and Me.
Hüseyin has also directed episodes of various television series, including The New Alexei Sayle Show, Randall and Hopkirk, Kingdom, Merlin, Shameless, and Krypton.
Filmography
References
External links
Metin Hüseyin at the bbc.co.uk Guide to Comedy
Living people
British film directors
British television directors
British people of Turkish Cypriot descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
Lasha Lomidze (born 30 June 1992) is a Georgian rugby union player. Their position is number 8, and they currently play for London Irish in the English Premiership and the Georgia national team.
Biography
Lasha Lomidze was formed in Montpellier. They made no appearances for the first team during their time at the club, but they were a part of Montpellier's Under-23 side that became the champion de France Espoirs in May 2013. During the summer of 2014, they signed for AS Béziers Hérault.
Lasha Lomidze was in the Georgian squad for 2015 Rugby World Cup.
On 1 June 2017, they signed for English Premiership club London Irish.
References
1992 births
Living people
Rugby union players from Georgia (country)
Expatriate rugby union players in France
Georgia international rugby union players
Expatriates from Georgia (country) in France
Montpellier Hérault Rugby players
London Irish players
Rugby union number eights
Mya may refer to:
Brands and product names
Mya (program), an intelligent personal assistant created by Motorola
Mya (TV channel), an Italian Television channel
Midwest Young Artists, a comprehensive youth music program
Codes
Burmese language, ISO 639-3 code is
Moruya Airport's IATA code
The IOC, license plate, and UNDP country code for Myanmar ("MYA")
People
Mya Marie Harrison (born 1979), an American R&B singer-songwriter and actor
Bo Mya (1927–2006), nom de guerre of a Myanmar rebel leader, chief commander of the Karen National Union
Other uses
MYA (Greek Coast Guard Special Forces)
Abbreviation for Megaannum, "a million years ago"
Mýa (album), a 1998 album by Mýa
Mya (bivalve), a genus of soft-shell clams
MYA/mya for "a million years ago", a science-related unit of time used in astronomy, geology and biology
Mya (given name)
See also
A (motor yacht) (M/Y A), a superyacht
Maia (disambiguation)
Maya (disambiguation)
Myia (fl. 500 BC), Pythagorean philosopher
Alain Claude Michel Bouillard is a French former investigator, for the French government agency BEA, of aircraft crashes, and was the chief investigator for the 2000 Concorde crash (Air France Flight 4590) and the Air France Flight 447 incident.
Career
BEA
They were the Director of Security Investigations (directeur de l'enquête de sécurité) at BEA (Bureau d'Enquêtes et d'Analyses pour la Sécurité de l'Aviation Civile), the main aviation safety organisation in France, headquartered at Paris–Le Bourget Airport (Aéroport du Bourget).
They were the chief investigator for the Concorde crash in July 2000. They were on holiday when the Concorde crash took place.
They were the chief investigator for the Air France Flight 447 crash on 1 June 2009 with aircraft F-GZCP.
They have appeared on several episodes of Mayday.
Personal life
In April 2015, with other people from the Ministry of Ecology, they were awarded the Legion of Honour (Ordre national de la Légion d'honneur).
See also
Jean-Paul Troadec, former Director of BEA
Directorate General for Civil Aviation (France)
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Concorde
Aviation safety in France
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
"Chasing Pavements" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele for their debut studio album, 19 (2008). Written by Adele with its producer Eg White, the song was released as the second single from the album on 14 January 2008. Its lyrics describe a woman's quest of giving up on their lover and moving on in life with a definitive goal. Adele was inspired to write the song after discovering their boyfriend's infidelity, and the subsequent altercation with them in a pub.
"Chasing Pavements" received critical acclaim, with reviewers praising its lyrics, production and Adele's vocal performance, with many citing it amongst the singer's best songs. Commercially, the song proved to be their record charts debut worldwide. It topped the charts in Norway, and reached the top 10 in eight countries, including the UK, where it debuted at its peak of number two on the UK Singles Chart and is certified double Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The accompanying music video was directed by Mathew Cullen of the production company Motion Theory. At the 51st Annual Grammy Awards, "Chasing Pavements", received three nominations, winning Best Female Pop Vocal Performance, and being nominated for Record of the Year, and Song of the Year.
Background and composition
The song was inspired by an incident Adele had with a former boyfriend of six months. After learning they had cheated on her, they went to the bar they were at and punched them in the face. After being thrown out, Adele walked down the street alone and thought to herself, "What is it you're chasing? You're chasing an empty pavement." They sang and recorded it on their mobile phone and arranged the chords when they got home. "Chasing Pavements" is written in the key of C minor.
Critical reception
"Chasing Pavements" is considered one of Adele's best songs by several music critics. Chuck Arnold of Billboard listed the song second in a ranking of their discography, comparing Adele's songwriting ability to Carole King and noting that its sophistication was way beyond their years. In a readers' poll by Rolling Stone where it placed at number four, Brittany Spanos commented that it was not as "viscerally emotional" as Adele's later work on their second studio album, 21, but a "fantastic" showcase of their abilities. Similarly, The Guardians Alexis Petridis ranked "Chasing Pavements" at number five, and praised its sophistication and its chorus's emphasis on Adele's vocals. Jazz Monroe of NME listed the song as Adele's eighth best, and said that it was great despite its big chorus, and described its hook as grandiose.
Accolades
"Chasing Pavements" received three nominations at the 51st Grammy Awards. The single received nominations in the categories of Record of the Year, Song of the Year and for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. It won the Grammy award for the Best Female Pop Vocal Performance but lost to Coldplay's "Viva la Vida" in the Song of the Year category and to Robert Plant's and Alison Krauss' collaboration, "Please Read the Letter", in the Record of the Year category. Adele performed "Chasing Pavements" with Sugarland at the ceremony.
Chart performance
"Chasing Pavements" debuted at its peak of number two on the UK Singles Chart issued for 20 January 2008. The song remained at this position for three consecutive weeks and stayed on the chart for 25 weeks, earning a double Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The song reached number 28 on the Canadian Hot 100. Music Canada certified it double Platinum. "Chasing Pavements" also peaked within the top 10 of national record charts, at number one in Norway, number two in Scotland, number four in Israel, Japan, number seven in Ireland, Italy, number eight in Denmark, number nine in the Netherlands, and number 10 in Belgium. The song received a Gold certification in Denmark, Italy, and Norway. On the US Billboard Hot 100, the song charted at number 21. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) certified "Chasing Pavements" Platinum, which denotes one million copies sold, while Billboard reported it had sold 1.2 million units as of October 2011.
Music video
Synopsis
The song's music video focuses on a car crash (a white Peugeot 505 saloon) occurring in Hyde Park, London. While set in London, the video was actually shot in Los Angeles.
It features two views: one of the real-world in which the occupants of the car are lying motionless on the pavement following the accident, and the other (during the choruses) in which the camera shows them from above. Adele is seen in the first view, inside a car with a man. They sing before getting out of the car and walking past a group of people who are running towards the accident scene. Then, they stand beside a tree continuing to sing until it ends with the victims shown on stretchers, being wheeled away in different directions by ambulance crews tending to them. Adele is not one of the car crash victims.
In the second view, the couple is shown from a bird's-eye view, but as if they are shot side-on and they 'come to life' and move as if standing up. The couple appear to reenact their relationship, starting from their first meeting when the woman dropped their scarf and the man handed it back to them For a while the couple appears happy together, though it is short-lived; the man discovers that the woman had another lover. They write something on a piece of paper and when the man reads it, they are angered, but they forgive them and they begin rekindling the passion they once had before the crash. When Adele sings the chorus for the final time, the couple dance on the pavement surrounded by the onlookers, who are now also dancing. The man and the woman dance gracefully and intimately, but in spite of all the joy, they are still just two bodies lying motionless on the pavement, and are then wheeled away by ambulance crews in different directions.
Reception
The song's music video earned a 2008 MTV Video Music Award nomination for Best Choreography. On 20 December 2008, the video was ranked number 26 on VH1's Top 40 of 2008.
Live performances
Adele premiered the song on Friday Night with Jonathan Ross on 7 December 2007. They also performed "Chasing Pavements", along with "Cold Shoulder", on Saturday Night Live on 18 October 2008.
Track listing
UK – CD and 7-inch vinyl
"Chasing Pavements" – 3:31
"That's It, I Quit, I'm Movin' On" – 2:12
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
In popular culture
Covers
The song was performed by Melissa Benoist on the 2012 episode "The New Rachel" of Glee. In 2013, American R&B singer, Candice Glover performed the song on the singing competition series, American Idol, during their time as a contestant on the show. American rapper Machine Gun Kelly also covered the song and it has over 9.5 million views on YouTube.
Soundtrack appearances
"Chasing Pavements" was featured in three episodes of Hollyoaks. The first was in a concluding scene of Hannah Ashworth's anorexia. The second instance was during the beginning scene of Charlie Dean's custody battle. The third was in a scene showing Dominic Reilly reflecting on Tina McQueen talking to him. The song was also featured in the film Wild Child, and the TV show 90210.
References
2000s ballads
2008 singles
2008 songs
Adele songs
Columbia Records singles
Grammy Award for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance
Number-one singles in Norway
Pop ballads
Songs written by Adele
Songs written by Eg White
UK Independent Singles Chart number-one singles
XL Recordings singles
slackpkg is a software tool for installing or upgrading packages automatically through a network or over the Internet for Slackware. slackpkg was included in the main tree in Slackware 12.2 - previously it had been included in extras/ since Slackware 9.1. It is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL).
slackpkg is an automated package management tool written for Slackware as a shell script, like Swaret. It was designed to make a Slackware system administrator's job easier by allowing routine package management tasks to be accomplished in a single command. slackpkg does not replace the Slackware package management tools such as installpkg and upgradepkg; rather it uses them.
Some of the features of slackpkg include automated package installation, upgrading and searching. Many of these features, such as package deinstallation, can be performed more directly by using the Slackware package tools themselves, though their incorporation in slackpkg provides a more consistent user interface.
Slackpkg does not resolve dependencies between packages, like rpm from Fedora and openSUSE. Only third-party applications, such as slapt-get, have an automated package relation management.
See also
pkgtool
slapt-get
References
External links
Free package management systems
Linux package management-related software
Linux-only free software
Slackware
Work and Occupations is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes papers in the field of Industrial Relations. The journal's editor is Daniel B. Cornfield (Vanderbilt University). It has been in publication since 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications.
Scope
Work and Occupations aims to provide a perspective on the dynamics of the workplace and to examine international approaches to work related issues. The journal is interdisciplinary and contains scholarship in areas such as gender and race relations, immigrant and migrant workers, and violence in the workplace.
Abstracting and indexing
Work and Occupations is abstracted and indexed in, among other databases: SCOPUS, and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 2.276, ranking it 22 out of 146 journals in the category, ‘Sociology', and 5 out of 27 journals in the category, ‘Industrial Relations & Labor'.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Société des Produits Nestlé S.A. v. Cadbury UK Limited is a trademark law case decision by the High Court of Justice, Court of Chancery, in the United Kingdom. The Court held that a specific shade of the colour purple (Pantone 2685C) was registrable as a trademark for the following goods: milk chocolate in bar and tablet form; milk chocolate for eating; drinking chocolate; preparations for making drinking chocolate.
However the ruling was overturned by a court of appeal in October 2014.
Background
Cadbury had applied trademark registration for the colour purple (Pantone 2685C) based on filed evidence of distinctiveness acquired through use of the mark; the application was accepted and published on 30 May 2008. Nestlé opposed the application arguing that the mark was not capable of being represented graphically and as such is not registrable as a trademark. Nestlé also argued that the description of goods was too broad.
Decision
The Court stated that Sections 1(1)(a) and 3(1) of the Trade Marks Act 1994 Trade Marks Act 1994 were intended to implement Articles 2 and 3 of the trademark Directive trademarks Directive which also correspond to Art. 4 and 7 of the Community trademark Regulation. Therefore, the Court relied on a series of judgments from the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU).
The judge concluded ultimately in Cadbury's favour:
Since single colours per se are, as a matter of European law, capable of being signs within Art. 2 ... then, to paraphrase a little the words Cadbury have used in the description of the mark, in my judgment the colour purple (Pantone 2685C) applied to the whole visible surface, or being the predominant colour applied to the whole visible surface, of the packaging of chocolate, is capable of being a sign within Art. 2. [...]
Since on the evidence the public associate the colour purple itself with Cadbury's chocolate, Cadbury are entitled to a registered trademark for that colour on the relevant goods and that is the mark they have applied for.
References
Further reading
Libertel Groep BV v. Benelus-Merkenbureau Case C-101/01
Sieckmann v. Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt Case C-273/00 "Court Opinion"
Heidelberger Bauchemie Case C-49/02
Guidance from ECJ on registration of colour trademarks
Dyson v. Registrar of trademarks Case C-321/03
Qualitex Co. v. Jacobson Products Co., Inc., 514 U.S. 159 (1995)
The İş Bank commercial featuring Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of Turkey, first aired on Turkish television channels on 10 November 2007, coinciding with the 69th commemoration of Atatürk's death in 1938. This is reportedly the first commercial featuring Atatürk.
Plot
The commercial features a dialogue between a young boy and Atatürk working in a rose garden. A thorn pricks Atatürk's finger. The boy asks how a thorn can prick Atatürk's hand. Atatürk replies with the question: "can it not prick?" The boy further asks how Atatürk's hand can bleed. Atatürk replies with the question: "can it not bleed?" Shocked, the boy inquires whether they aren't Atatürk? Atatürk replies that they are indeed Atatürk. The boy, still shocked, replies "but...". Atatürk interrupts and explains that if one is going to grow a rose, one will suffer pain, one's hand will bleed, sun will make one sweat, there will be people putting to the gardener that the roses in the garden will never die, and that there will be people confronting the gardener on how a rose is supposed to be grown. Atatürk continues by saying that the boy should be asking them just one question: "Do I want to make this place a rose garden? Do I want to grow the world's most beautiful roses in this garden?" Atatürk further adds that if the boy really wishes it to be so, "he wouldn't care about neither the thorns that prick nor the words said". Atatürk continues by saying that whoever it might be, all they would care about is the scent of the rose garden. Atatürk concludes by asking, whether the boy understood the lesson and the boy acknowledges this. The commercial concludes with the statement "We respectfully commemorate Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of our country and bank".
Production
The commercial was directed by Gürkan Kurtkaya and was shot in black and white giving it a historic feel with the slogan "the roses you have grown are mourning" (). The preparations for the commercial lasted three weeks. The actual filming itself lasted 3 days. A technical team made out of 50 people took part in the filming. For the details of the era, Rıdvan Akar was consulted.
The role of the boy was acted by Hakan Büyüktopçu and the role of Atatürk was acted by Haluk Bilginer. Prior to the shooting, Haluk Bilginer received a natural make-up lasting hours. Including the test shootings, Bilginer spent a total of 40 hours in the make-up room. The make-up work was conducted by Vittorio Sodano and their team. For one week, the make-up team worked in Italy for preparations and worked for another week in the set during the shootings. To convert Bilginer's face to Atatürk, first a cast was made of their face. Hair and eyebrow pieces that were prepared in Italy were put in their places by Suzan Kardeş after a 2-day worth work on them. The costumes were based on a photo from June 21, 1936 of Atatürk. Designer Nalan Türkoğlu and their team of six people created ten costumes in one week.
To find a suitable location for the take representing the features of the era, three separate teams searched İstanbul, Edirne, Bursa, İzmir, and Antalya. Finally Paşabahçe was the location agreement concluded with. A special set was made for the filming, and the take of the 107-second commercial started in the morning and lasted till later that night. After each take, Bilginer went behind camera and had inspected each plan.
Reception
The resemblance of Haluk Bilginer to Atatürk featured heavily in the comments by reviewers. Acting in the role of Atatürk for the first time, Bilginer themselves stated that they were honored by the role and that they were very excited about getting to play it.
The commercial also established a candidate for the debated role of Atatürk in the upcoming movie on Atatürk. Kevin Costner, who was in Turkey for a concert, declined this post, reportedly asking whether there wasn't a Turkish actor for the role. The commercial portraying Turkey as a rose garden also demonstrates the difficulties Atatürk coped with in founding the republic and their reforms.
References
Advertisements
Cultural depictions of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
Turkish television commercials
2000s television commercials
Articles containing video clips
Banks of Turkey
Sidonia is a feminine given name. It may also refer to:
579 Sidonia, an asteroid
USS Sidonia (AKA-42), a U.S. Navy attack cargo ship
Order of Sidonia, a chivalric order for women instituted by the Kingdom of Saxony
Sidonie (Brumov-Bylnice), a district of Brumov-Bylnice, Czech Republic
Sidonia, Tennessee, Weakley County, Tennessee
Fromont and Risler, also titled Sidonie, an 1874 French novel
Sidonia, a starship in Knights of Sidonia, a Japanese manga series by Tsutomu Nihei
See also
Cydonia (Mars), a region on the planet Mars
Duke of Medina Sidonia, a noble Spanish title
Medina-Sidonia, a city and municipality in Spain
Kydonia or Cydonia, an ancient city state on Crete
KVXR (1280 AM) is a radio station located in Moorhead, MN airing Catholic programming the Real Presence Radio, including programming from the national EWTN Radio network. KVXR is owned by Real Presence Radio of Grand Forks, North Dakota
History
The station was previously KVOX, a part of James Ingstad's Radio Fargo-Moorhead, though it was donated to Voice of Reason Radio on June 11, 2007. Ingstad purchased KKAG, and KVOX and its format was moved to 740 AM. On September 14, 2007, 1280 changed its call letters to KVXR, and flipped to Relevant Radio, with KVOX moving to 740 AM. On April 23, 2009 Real Presence Radio signed the final papers for purchasing 1280am KVXR from VRR. It now carries the Real Presence Radio network based at KWTL in Grand Forks
External links
Real Presence Radio
ewtn.com
Christian radio stations in Minnesota
Catholic radio stations
Radio stations in Minnesota
Radio stations established in 1984
The Bisbee-Douglas Copper Kings was a primary moniker of the minor league baseball teams based in Bisbee, Arizona and Douglas, Arizona between 1947 and 2003. They played as members of the Arizona–Texas League from 1947 to 1948, Southwest International League in 1951 and Arizona–Mexico League from 1955 to 1958.
The Bisbee-Douglas teams were an affiliate of the New York Yankees from 1947 to1948, Brooklyn Dodgers from 1950 to 1951 and Pittsburgh Pirates from 1956 to 1958.
History
The Arizona–Mexico League was active from 1955–58 and was the successor of the Arizona–Texas League. Following the 1955 season the team moved to Douglas for the 1956, 1957 and 1958 seasons.
The original Arizona–Mexico League team featured future major leaguers Clint Courtney, Johnny Keane, Jim Tobin and Earl Wilson.
In 1958 the Copper Kings did something no other professional team has done. All 9 players of the starting line–up hit a home run in the same game. See the external link below.
In 2003, the Bisbee-Douglas Copper Kings were briefly reconstituted in an independent professional league, also known as the Arizona–Mexico League, which suspended operations three weeks into the season. The 2003 Copper Kings resumed minor league play under manager Butch Hammett. Their general manager was John Guy. Local baseball historian David Skinner was minority owner. The Copper Kings ended with a final record of 9–7, tied for second place.
The 2003 Copper Kings gained national attention with their colorful promotions including Ted Williams Night in which they gave away free popsicles to their fans in relation to Ted Williams being cryogenically frozen in Scottsdale, Arizona. The 2003 club also made news with the signing of former National League base-stealing champion Chuck Carr, who played center field for the abbreviated season. Former Richmond Braves shortstop Jose Mateo also played with the Copper Kings.
The ballpark
The team played home games in both Bisbee and Douglas. In Bisbee they played their home games at Warren Ballpark, the oldest ballpark in the United States, constructed in 1909. Games in Douglas were played at Copper King Stadium. Warren Ballpark, built with adobe and steel, still stands in a suburb of Bisbee as does Copper King Stadium in Douglas.
References
This article includes material from the article at Baseball-Reference.com Bullpen. The Bullpen is a wiki, and its content is available under the GNU Free Documentation License.
External links
Baseball Reference
Main website of the newest iteration of the team (2007–present)
1958 Douglas Copper Kings Baseball record
Defunct Arizona-Texas League teams
Defunct Southwest International League teams
Defunct Arizona-Mexico League teams
Brooklyn Dodgers minor league affiliates
Pittsburgh Pirates minor league affiliates
New York Yankees minor league affiliates
Professional baseball teams in Arizona
Defunct independent baseball league teams
Bisbee, Arizona
Defunct baseball teams in Arizona
Baseball teams disestablished in 1958
Baseball teams disestablished in 2003
Baseball teams established in 1956
Baseball teams established in 2003
The baptismal font at St Bartholomew's Church, Liège is a Romanesque brass or bronze baptismal font made between 1107 and 1118 now in St Bartholomew's Church, Liège in Liège, Belgium. The font is a major masterpiece of Mosan art, remarkable for the classicism of its style, whose origin has been the subject of great debate among art historians. The Meuse river valley in modern Belgium and France, roughly coterminous with the Diocese of Liège, was the leading 12th-century centre of Romanesque metalwork, which was still the most prestigious medium in art.
History
The Liège font was commissioned after 1107 and completed by 1118 for the church of Notre-Dame-aux-Fonts ("Our Lady's with the font"), which abutted the old Liège Cathedral and functioned as the baptistry for the city. These dates are based on the period of office of the Abbé Hellin, parish priest of the church, known to have commissioned it, for in their obituary in the contemporary () the font is clearly described, though with no mention of the artist. Both cathedral and church were destroyed during the French Revolution, and the font was hidden for safe-keeping before being moved to its present location in 1804. The Liège chronicle describes a cover with figures of the Four Evangelists and prophets, presumably also in metal, which was lost during the Revolution, along with two of the supporting oxen. The present stone plinth and setting replaced in the 20th century a solid round stone one built in 1804. The font is still used for baptisms today; there is normally a small charge for viewing it.
Renier de Huy
The font was traditionally attributed to Renier de Huy, a 12th-century metalworker and sculptor, but this, and even the Mosan origin of the font, have been questioned and alternative theories advanced. Nothing is known of Rainer's life other than that they were mentioned in a document of 1125 as a goldsmith, but a 14th-century chronicle mentions them as the artist of the font. They may have died about 1150. Another equally shadowy figure in Mosan metalwork from the next generation, Godefroid de Huy or de Claire, also came from the small but prosperous city of Huy on the Meuse.
The only other work generally agreed to be by the same master as the font is a small bronze crucifix (Schnütgen Museum, Cologne); another in Brussels has many similarities. A censer in similar style is attributed to Renier or a follower by many.
Style and origin
The figures on the font are in very high relief, and have a remarkable classicism of style; so much so that it has also been suggested that it was in fact made in Constantinople, or by Greeks in Rome about 1000. Other explanations attribute the classicism to close Byzantine influence, though as Honour and Fleming point out, "In bodily proportions, poses, gestures and garments, they recall Classical models far beyond Byzantine, Carolingian, or even Early Christian art"; they suggest the artist might have seen ancient Greek sculptures in Constantinople when on the First Crusade. Other writers explain the style as emerging from older Mosan and Carolingian traditions, with recent Byzantine influence, and prefiguring Gothic figure style. The idealized figures are modelled in rounded forms; several nude figures are present, and one is seen from behind in a three-quarters view, a sophisticated classical pose.
Art-historical argument over the origin of the font has been vigorous and sometimes acrimonious, and in recent decades mostly conducted in French. In support of the Byzantine origin theory, analysis of the lead in 1993 has shown that it came from mines in Spain or Sardinia, whereas other Mosan works used locally sourced metal. Pierre Colman and their wife Berthe Lhoist-Colman have developed a "Roman" theory, according to which the Holy Roman Emperor Otto III commissioned the font from Greek craftsmen in Rome in about 1000, as a gift for the Basilica of Saint John Lateran there. Decades later it was carried off by Henry IV or Henry V to the Meuse. However most art historians continue to accept the traditional Mosan attribution, and relate the style to the other works mentioned above.
Description
The basin is across at the top, tapering slightly towards the base, and is variously described as of brass or bronze. It was made by lost wax casting, with the basin cast in a single piece; the size was not necessarily exceptional, as both church bells and cauldrons for large households were probably cast at comparable sizes; some church doors cast in a single piece, though flat, were much larger. The font sat on twelve oxen (two are now missing), who emerged from a stone plinth, a reference to the "molten sea... on twelve oxen" cast in bronze for Solomon's temple The five scenes shown, identified by Latin inscriptions ("tituli") on the rim above and in the image field, can be read in chronological sequence:
John the Baptist preaching to four figures, the last on the right in full military gear; followed by a fig tree.
John baptising two neophytes, with two further figures to the right, who probably represent the two disciples John told to follow Jesus (John 1:35–37). As often in Early Medieval art, the attempt to convey the River Jordan stretching away in perspective has it rise up like a mound. A palm tree follows.
The Baptism of Christ by John the Baptist, a commonly represented scene, again with the water piling up like a mound. Jesus is beardless and young, as is also typical. The angel to the right of Jesus has their hands veiled with a cloth, a mark of respect in Eastern liturgy, though it may also simply represent a cloth ready for Jesus to dry themselves with. An olive tree follows.
Saint Peter baptising Cornelius the Centurion, the first gentile to be baptised (Acts 10), with a sponsor or godfather. The Hand of God appears from above to signal approval.
Saint John the Evangelist baptising the "philosopher Craton", also with a sponsor and Hand. A vine follows. The story of Craton comes from apocryphal writings such as the account of John's life by the Pseudo-Abdias.
Except for the last two the scenes are separated by trees which are stylised in typical Romanesque fashion, but whose leaf shapes are all different. A continuous undulating ground-line runs all round the basin. Other inscriptions run round the top and bottom rims of the basin. While the baptism of Jesus is very commonly depicted in Early Medieval art, those of the other figures are very rare subjects indeed, and this unusually elaborate and learned programme was no doubt composed with clerical assistance. It does not reflect Byzantine iconographic precedents; instead it matches closely the interest in typology and allegory, of which the influential contemporary Liège-born theologian Rupert of Deutz was a particular exponent (though Rupert was also a particular opponent of the bishop at the time, Otbert of Liège, who took the Emperor's side in the Investiture Controversy). The head of God the Father that appears at the top of the Baptism of Christ (identified as PATER) is an early appearance of God the Father in Western art; a Hand of God, more typical of the period, appears in the baptism scenes of Cornelius and Craton.
The baptismal font in the little village of Furnaux (Mettet), relatively far from Liège but at that time in the same diocese, has the same theological background linking Rupert de Deutz's theological vision where the Old Testament and New Testament are closely linked.
Notes
References
Beckwith, John. Early Medieval Art: Carolingian, Ottonian, Romanesque, Thames & Hudson, 1964 (rev. 1969),
Calkins, Robert G.; Monuments of Medieval Art, Dutton, 1979,
Cartlidge, David R. and Elliott, James Keith, Art and the Christian Apocrypha, Routledge, 2001, , , Google books
Henderson, George. Gothic Art, 1967, Penguin,
Henderson, George. Early Medieval Art, 1972, rev. 1977, Penguin.
Hugh Honour and John Fleming, A World History of Art, 1st edn. 1982 & later editions, Macmillan, London, page refs to 1984 Macmillan 1st edn. paperback.
Kleiner, Fred S., Christin J. Mamiya, and Helen Gardner. Gardner's Art Through the Ages. Belmont: Wadsworth, 2004
Lasko, Peter, Ars Sacra, Penguin History of Art (now Yale)
City of Liège Tourism, with good feature, and a bibliography of recent scholarship in French. Accessed 10 Jan. 2010
"Oxford": Rainer of Huy: The Oxford Dictionary of Art. Accessed 10 Jan. 2010,
Swarzenski, Hanns. Monuments of Romanesque Art; The Art of Church Treasures in North-Western Europe, Faber and Faber, 1974,
Xhayet, Geneviève and Halleux, Robert (eds), Études sur les fonts baptismaux de Saint-Barthélémy à Liège, Editions du CEFAL, 2006, , 9782871302124 google books
External links
(in French)
(in French)
Baptismal fonts
Bronze sculptures in Belgium
Saint-Barthélemy
History of Liège
Medieval European sculptures
Mosan art
Walloon culture
Medieval European metalwork objects
Vučica may refer to:
Vučica (river), in Croatia
Vučica, Danilovgrad, Montenegro
Shulini (pronounced shūlini) is a ragam in Carnatic music (musical scale of South Indian classical music). It is the 35th melakarta rāgam in the 72 melakarta rāgam system of Carnatic music. It is also spelled as Sulini, Shoolini or Soolini. It is called Shailadesākshi or Shailadaeshi in Muthuswami Dikshitar school of Carnatic music.
Structure and Lakshana
It is the 5th rāgam in the 6th chakra Rutu. The mnemonic name is Rutu-Ma. The mnemonic phrase is sa ru gu ma pa dhi nu. Its structure (ascending and descending scale) is as follows (see swaras in Carnatic music for details on below notation and terms):
:
:
The notes used in this scale are shatsruthi rishabham, antara gandharam, shuddha madhyamam, chathusruthi dhaivatham and kakali nishadham.
As it is a melakarta rāgam, by definition it is a sampoorna rāgam (has all seven notes in ascending and descending scale). It is the shuddha madhyamam equivalent of Kosalam, which is the 71st melakarta scale.
Janya rāgams
Shulini has a couple of minor janya rāgams (derived scales) associated with it. See List of janya rāgams for list of scales associated with Shulini.
Compositions
A few compositions set to Shulini are:
Prana natha by Thyagaraja
Paramukhamadeno by Koteeswara Iyer
Nalinanarayani by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Paalayaashumaam Shulini by Dr. M. Balamuralikrishna
Related rāgams
This section covers the theoretical and scientific aspect of this rāgam.
Shulini's notes when shifted using Graha bhedam, yields 3 other melakarta rāgams, namely, Shanmukhapriya, Dhenuka and Chitrambari. Graha bhedam is the step taken in keeping the relative note frequencies same, while shifting the shadjam to the next note in the rāgam. For further details and an illustration refer Graha bhedam on Shanmukhapriya.
Notes
References
Melakarta ragas
Gregory Mertl is an American composer that has garnered commissions from the Tanglewood Music Center (1999), the Rhode Island Philharmonic (2000), the Tarab Cello Ensemble (2001), the Phoenix Symphony (2001), the Wind Ensembles of the Big Ten Universities (2002), the Ostrava Oboe Festival, Czech Republic (2005, 2009), Kenneth Meyer and the Hanson Institute (2006), the University of Oregon (2013), CSTMA (2013), counter)induction (2016), the University of Niš (2016), and the Barlow Endowment for a piano concerto for pianist Solungga Liu and the University of Minnesota Wind Ensemble, Craig Kirchhoff, conductor, which was premiered in November, 2011 and released by Bridge Records (BRIDGE 9489) in May 2017.
In 2010, Mertl presented work on a concert/lecture tour in Romania and Hungary and as a guest composer at KOFOMI (Komponistenforum Mittersill, Austria) where they had performances by the Austrian contemporary music ensemble "Die Reihe". Previously their music has reached audiences in France, at the Festival du Moulin d'ands and the France Musique radio station, Belgium, where they placed third at the Harelbeke International Wind Ensemble Composition Competition (2004), and the Czech Republic, where they were featured composer of the Ostrava Oboe Festival in both 2005 and 2009. In Asia, the Tainan Women's College of Arts and Technology hosted a two-day conference featuring Mertl's music in May 2005 and lectures and performances followed at several other Taiwanese universities. Their music has also been performed in China, Japan, Singapore, Sweden, Canada, Mexico and Brazil. In the US, it has been heard widely (New York City, Chicago, Boston, Rochester, Honolulu, Baltimore, Tanglewood, Colgate, Northwestern, Yale, and Princeton Universities, and Vermont Public Radio during a two-hour program dedicated to their work). In 2007, Open Gate, an ensemble they co-founded, performed an entire evening of their chamber music on a tour that culminated at Weill Recital Hall in New York City.
Born in 1969, Mertl has degrees from Yale University (BA 1991) and the Eastman School of Music (Ph.D. in Music Composition 2005). They have been full-time Visiting Artist of Composition at the Setnor School of Music at Syracuse University (2008-2010) and has been composer-in-residence at Yaddo, Château de La Napoule in France, the Fundación Valparaiso in Spain, the Helen Wurlitzer Foundation in Taos, New Mexico, the Ragdale Foundation, the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts, the I-Park Artists Enclave in East Haddam, CT, and the Chamber Music Festival of the East at Bennington College in Vermont. They have won major awards such as the Chicago Symphony's First Hearing Award and a 1998 Tanglewood Composition Fellowship. At Tanglewood, they studied with Henri Dutilleux and Mauricio Kagel.
In November 2014, Mertl presented their music at the University of São Paulo and at the University of Campinas in Brazil. In 2015 they were performed in Virginia, North Carolina, and Oklahoma and in two Open Gate showcases at the Tenri Cultural Institute in New York City. During the summer and fall of 2015 they were a resident composer at the Oberpfälzer Künstlerhaus in Schwandorf, Germany and they were guest of honor at the Balkan Art Forum 2015 in Niš, Serbia where they gave the keynote address and presented their music. In April and May 2016, they returned to Brazil for performances, lectures and masterclasses at universities in São Paulo, (UNESP and USP), Goiâna (UFG), Porto Alegre (UFRGS), and Pelotas (UFPEL).
Their most recent residency was in October 2017 in Vigoulet-Auzil, France where they presented their work at the end of their stay in a concert-lecture format. They return to VCCA in January 2018 and to Brazil for another tour of universities in May and June.
Of their Bridge release, the American Record Guide has written, “there's a wealth of compositional ingenuity and detail, but better yet there's what I might call attention to the human aspect of music—a concern with drama, passion, and psychological complexity alongside any purely technical achievement. That's what makes me keep listening to it,” to which Fanfare Magazine added, “his is music that embraces paradoxes—large-scale structural clarity with irregular rhythms and harmonic ephemerality, for instance—formed by a musical vision that seems to value both capriciousness and balance. It is challenging music, in the very best sense, but immediately appealing for the sense of wonder it creates. It is often intensely beautiful, and otherworldly, and impressionistic in its evocation of emotions.”
Their most recent works are Quatre états d'âme, a work for the New York new music ensemble counter)induction, and Letter for a Dying Soldier for the University of Niš Choir, which is based on a letter Walt Whitman wrote for a soldier in a Union hospital. Currently, they are composing a concerto for the French cellist Xavier Phillips.
Awards and recognition
Mertl is full-time Visiting Artist of Composition at the Setnor School of Music at Syracuse University. They have degrees from Yale University (BA 1991) and the Eastman School of Music (Ph.D. in Music Composition 2005) and has been composer-in-residence at The Ragdale Foundation (August 2008), the Virginia Center for the Creative Arts (Fall 2007), at the I-Park Artists Enclave in East Haddam, CT (July 2006, May 2008, September 2009), and at the Chamber Music Festival of the East at Bennington College in Vermont (2001). They have won major awards such as the Chicago Symphony's First Hearing Award and a 1998 Tanglewood Composition Fellowship. At Tanglewood, they studied with Henri Dutilleux and Mauricio Kagel.
List of Compositions
Letter for a Dying Soldier (2016) for a cappella SSAATTBB chorus, dur. 7 minutes.
commissioned by and written for Zoran Stanisavljević and the University of Niš Choir.
a letter written by Walt Whitman for a dying soldier at the end of the American Civil War.
Quatre états d'âme (2015-2016) for clarinet, violoncello and piano, duration 30 minutes.
Commissioned by and written for counter) induction.
Premiere February 2, 2016, The Sheen Center for Thought and Culture, New York, NY.
The Way Things Are (2013) for flute and piano, dur. 15 minutes.
Commissioned by the University of Oregon.
Written for David Riley and Molly Barth.
On To Stillness (2013) for mezzo-soprano, oboe, guitar and percussion, dur. 27 minutes.
Commissioned by CSMTA for their 2013 Conference.
A cycle of songs on poetry by Georg Trakl as translated by Stephen Tapscott.
Written for Kirsten Sollek, Anna Hendrickson, and Kenneth Meyer.
Premiere June 29, 2013, Fairfield University, Fairfield, CT.
Gathering What Is To Be Told (2012-2013) for mezzo-soprano and guitar, dur. 32 minutes.
Written for Kirsten Sollek and Kenneth Meyer, voice and guitar.
A song cycle on poems by Keats, Shakespeare, Simic, Berry and Tagore.
Premiere TBA, July 2013.
Offertory (2010) for cello and piano, dur. 4 minutes.
Written for cellist Florent Renard-Payen.
Premiered November 6, 2010 at Expressiones, New London, CT.
Little Ant Got Hurt "Der kleinen Ameise tat's weh" (2010) for clarinet, bassoon, contrabass and narrator. Duration 15 minutes.
Based on the 2008 work on a Czech children's tale. In German, Czech and English translations.
for members of the ensemble "Die Reihe".
Piano Concerto (2008-2010) for piano and symphonic winds, duration 43 minutes.
Commissioned by the Barlow Endowment for Music Composition and written for Solungga Liu and the
University of Minnesota Symphonic Wind Ensemble, Craig Kirchhoff, conductor.
Apám emlékére.
Little Ant Got Hurt Polámal Se Mraveneček (2008) A Czech children's tale for solo oboe, duration 14 minutes.
Written for oboist Marlen Vavřikovà for performance at the Ostrava Oboe Festival, 2009.
Premiered May 2009 Ostrava University, Czech Republic.
Pears on a Sill (2007) for solo piano, dur. 13 min.
in 4 movements: 3 a.m. Nightingale; Spinning Waltz; Boatman's Song; Caitlyn's Goodbye.
dedicated to Anne Modugno and written for pianist Solungga Liu
Premiered April 2009 National Concert Hall Taipei, Taiwan.
A Seeker's Song (2006) for solo guitar, duration 9 minutes.
Commissioned by Kenneth Meyer with partial funding from the Hanson Institute.
Premiered November 8, 2006 by Kenneth Meyer, Syracuse University, Syracuse, NY.
À l'écoute (2005) for 2 oboes and harpsichord, dur. 15 min.
Commissioned for the Ostrava Oboe Festival, Ostrava, Czech Republic.
Premiered November 25, 2005 by Marlen Vavrikova and Richard Killmer, Ostrava University.
Madra's Musings (2005) for flute, viola and harp. dur. 10 min.
Written for janus.
Premiered January 31, 2007 by janus, Weill Recital Hall, Carnegie Hall, New York City.
Fanfare to an Open Sky (2003) for 3 trumpets, 4 horns, 2 trombones, tuba and timpani, dur. 3 min.
Premiered November 2003, Central College, Iowa.
Aria (2003) for oboe, violin, viola and cello, dur. 11 min.
Commissioned by Alice Caplow-Sparks.
Premiered April 12, 2003, Eastman School of Music.
Love, Play On (2002) for wind ensemble, duration 24 min.
Commissioned by the Big Ten University Wind Ensembles.
Premiered April 25, 2003, Northwestern University.
Pandora's Beethoven-Box (2001) for orchestra, dur. 10 min.
Commissioned by the Phoenix Symphony for its 2002 Beethoven Festival
Premiered January 31, 2002 in Symphony Hall, Phoenix, AZ.
The Phoenix Symphony, Hermann Michael, conductor.
for inspiration hath no society with reason (2001) for woodwind quintet, dur. 6 min.
Commissioned by the Chamber Music Festival of the East.
Premiered August 11, 2001 at Bennington College, Bennington, VT.
Lover Calls (2001) for seven cellos (also transcribed for six cellos and bass), dur. 7 min.
Commissioned by the Tarab Cello Ensemble.
Premiered May 12, 2001 at the Merryall Center for the Arts, New Milford, CT.
Evocations of an Earthly Nature (2000) for orchestra, dur. 15 min.
Commissioned by ASCAP and the Rhode Island Philharmonic in honor of the
Aaron Copland Centenary.
Premiered June 16, 2000 in Jordan Hall, New England Conservatory, Boston.
Rhode Island Philharmonic, Larry Rachleff, conductor.
Afterglow of a Kiss (2000) for solo flute and large chamber ensemble, dur. 7 min.
Premiered February 29, 2000 in Kilbourn Hall, Eastman School of Music:
Composers' Sinfonietta, Alyce Johnson, flute, David Gilbert, conductor.
Recitative to an Absent Sky (1999) for solo cello, dur. 6 min.
Premiered February 4, 2000 in Kilbourn Hall, Eastman School of Music:
Florent Renard-Payen, cello.
A Spell of Myriad Dances (1999) for orchestra, dur. 15 min.
Paul Jacobs Memorial Fund Commission by the Tanglewood Music Center.
Premiered July 26, 1999 during the Contemporary Music Festival, Ozawa Hall.
Tanglewood Music Center Orchestra, Stefan Asbury, conductor.
Trio & Consort (1999) for English horn, seven oboes and percussion, dur. 13 min.
Commissioned by Richard Killmer.
Premiered August 12, 1999 at the International Double Reed Society Conference, Madison, WI.
Richard Killmer, Anna Hendrickson, Andrea Gross, and Eastman oboe choir.
Sculpted Memory (1998) for chamber orchestra, dur. 10 min.
Commissioned by the Fairbanks Symphony.
Premiered January 30, 1999 in Davis Hall, University of Alaska at Fairbanks.
Arctic Chamber Orchestra, Madeline Schatz, conductor.
Quatre Aperçus (1998) for mezzo-soprano, clarinet and piano, dur. 13 min.
Premiered February 4, 1999 in Kilbourn Hall, Eastman School of Music.
Kirsten Sollek-Avella, Anthony Franco, David Riley.
Empress (1998) for large chamber ensemble, dur. 12 min.
Premiered July 19, 1998 in Ozawa Hall, Tanglewood, MA.
Tanglewood Fellows, Stefan Asbury, conductor.
Spiralcycle (1998) for tape, dur. 21 min.
Premiered April 16, 1998 in Tuttle Theater, SUNY Brockport, NY.
Augusto Soledade, choreographer.
But the Stars Are Slower Still (1997) for orchestra, dur. 18 min.
Premiered February 2, 1998 in Orchestra Hall, Chicago, IL
Chicago Civic Orchestra, Cilff Colnot, conductor.
Souffle et Contresouffle (1996) for piano, dur. 9 min.
Premiered February 17, 1997 in Kilbourn Hall, Eastman School of Music.
Stephen Perry, piano.
Pavane en forme de voûte (1996) for oboe and string orchestra, dur. 10 min.
Premiered December 12, 1996 in Kilbourn Hall, Eastman School of Music.
Anna Hendrickson, oboe and Eastman Strings, David Phillips, conductor.
References
Counter)induction composer/performer collective
Kalvos and Damian's New Music Bazaar
Counter)induction New York Times Music Review
External links
1969 births
American male classical composers
American classical composers
Contemporary classical music performers
21st-century classical composers
20th-century classical composers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Yale University alumni
Eastman School of Music alumni
21st-century American composers
20th-century American composers
20th-century American male musicians
21st-century American male musicians
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Santiago del Estero () is in Argentina and is a suffragan diocese of Tucumán.
History
On 10 April 1961 Pope John XXIII founded the Diocese of Santiago del Estero from territory taken from the Diocese of Tucumán. It lost territory to the Diocese of Añatuya when that diocese was created in 1961.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Juan Martín Yáñez (1910–1926)
Audino Rodríguez y Olmos (1927–1939), appointed Archbishop of San Juan de Cuyo
José Weimann, C.Ss.R. (1940–1961)
Manuel Tato (1961–1980)
Manuel Guirao (1981–1994)
Gerardo Eusebio Sueldo (1994–1998)
Juan Carlos Maccarone (1999–2005)
Francisco Polti Santillán (2006–2013)
Vicente Bokalic Iglic (2013–present)
Coadjutor bishop
Gerardo Eusebio Sueldo (1993–1994)
Auxiliary bishops
Ariel Edgardo Torrado Mosconi (2008-2015), appointed Coadjutor Bishop of Nueve de Julio
Enrique Alberto Martínez Ossola (2017-
References
Santiago del Estero
Santiago del Estero
Santiago del Estero
Santiago del Estero
1907 establishments in Argentina
Sports Club Villa is an association football club based in Uganda.
Overview
SC Villa had humble beginnings in 1975, playing under the name Nakivubo Boys. The club was renamed Nakivubo Villa in 1981. SC Villa won promotion to the top flight of Ugandan football in 1979 and is the most successful club in Ugandan football. They have won 16 Uganda Super League Titles, 9 Ugandan Cup Titles and 3 CECAFA Clubs Cup Titles. SC Villa was the first Ugandan club to clinch a local double in 1986. That record was extended to six "Doubles" in 2002.
Today there is no single local or regional trophy on which SC Villa's name is not inscribed.The club has played in two consecutive finals of the African Cup of Champions Clubs and the CAF Cup in 1991 and 1992, respectively. The club trains at Villa Park in Nsambya, Kampala.
Club Name History
1975–1979: Nakivubo Boys
1980: Nakivubo Villa
1981–Present: Sports Club Villa
Legal Owners
Villa Members' Trust
Past & Present Club Patrons
Kezekiah Ssegwanga Musisi
George Faison Ddamulira
Henry Balamaze Lwanga
Gerrald Kasozi
Franco Mugabe (Present)
Board of Trustees
Gerrald Ssendawula
McDusman Kabega
Omar Ahmed
Franco Mugabe
Fredrick Ivan Kawuma
Moses Matovu
William Nkemba
Past & Present Presidents
1. 1975 - 1979 : Daniel Musoke Kiwalabye (Assumed office as Founding Chairperson of Nakivubo Boys)
2. 1979 - Dec 1993 : Patrick Edward Kawooya
(Assumed office through consensus with founding members)
3. Dec 1993 - July 2010 : Franco Mugabe
(Assumed office through Club Delegates' Election)
4. Aug 2010 - Jul 2012 : Fred Muwema
(Assumed office through Club Elders' Appointment)
5. Aug 2012 - Jul 2014 : Ahmed Ssemanda
(Assumed office through Club Elders' Appointment on Interim Basis)
6. Aug 2014 - Jul 2018 : Joseph Mbazzi Muguluma(Ben Immanuel Misagga)
(Assumed office through Club Delegates' Election)
7. Jul 2018 - Nov 2021 : William Nkemba
(Assumed office through Club Elders' Appointment on Interim Basis)
8. Nov 2021 - Todate : Omar Ahmed (Mandela)
(Assumed office through Villa Members' Trust Club Election)
Chief Executive Officer
William Nkemba
Record in the top tier
Current squad
Past & Present Head Coaches
Updated: July 2022.
Joseph Kabundi (1975–1977)
Fred Sekasi (1977–1978)
Charles Jaggwe (1978-1981)
George Mukasa (1981-1983)
David Otti (1983–1985)
Timothy Ayiekoh (1985)
Polly Ouma (1986-1988)
Geoff Hudson (1988-1991)
Timothy Ayiekoh (1992-1994)
David Otti (1995)
Timothy Ayiekoh (1995-1996)
Eddie Butindo (1996)
David Otti (1997)
Paul Edwin Hasule (1998-2001)
Paul Nkata (2001)
Moses Basena (2002)
Mulutin Sredojevic (2002-2004)
Sam Timbe (2004–2006)
Ibrahim Kirya (2006)
Asuman Lubowa (2006–2008)
Sula Kato (2008-2010)
Zivojnov Srdjan (2010–2011)
Mike Mutebi (2011-2012)
Paul Nkata (2012-2013)
Hussein Mbalangu (2013)
Steven Bogere (2013-2014)
Sam Ssimbwa (2014–2015)
Antonio Flores (2015)
Ibrahim Kirya (2015-2016)
Deo Sserwadda (2016)
Shafik Bisaso (2016–2017)
Wasswa Bbossa (2017-2018)
Moses Basena (2018)
Douglas Bamweyana (2018-2019)
Edward Kaziba (2019-2021)
Petros Koukouras (2021-2022)
Jackson Magera (2022-Todate)
Achievements
Updated: September 2015
Ugandan Premier League: 16
1982, 1984, 1986, 1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1994, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004
Ugandan Cup: 9
1983, 1986, 1988, 1989, 1998, 2000, 2002, 2009, 2015
CECAFA Clubs Cup: 3
1987, 2003, 2005
Performance in CAF competitions
Updated: September 2010
African Cup of Champions Clubs: 6 appearances
1983 – Quarter-Finals
1985 – First Round
1987 – Second Round
1988 – Second Round
1991 – Finalist
1993 – Quarter-Finals
CAF Champions League: 7 appearances
1999 – Second Round
2000 – Preliminary Round
2001 – Second Round
2002 – First Round
2003 – First Round
2004 – First Round
2005 – First Round
CAF Confederation Cup: 1 appearance
2010 – Withdrew in Preliminary Round
CAF Cup: 2 appearances
1992 – Finalist
1994 – Disqualified in First Round
CAF Cup Winners' Cup: 3 appearances
1984 – Quarter-Finals
1989 – First Round
1990 – First Round
Notable Club Legends
Updated: September 2018
Abbey Mutanda
Mike Mukasa
Jamil Kasirye
Geoffrey Kisitu
Shaban Mwinda
Moses Ndaula
Rogers Nsubuga
Davis Kamoga
Livingstone Kyobe
Dan Kitalo
Zaid Tebesiggwa
Edward Nansamba
Ronald Vvubya
Sunday Mokili
Godfrey Kateregga
Twaha Kivumbi
Sula Kato
William Nkemba
Stephen Bogere
George Otto
Joseph Dramiga
Charles Katumba
Adam Semugabi
Idi Batambuze
Robert Semakula
Enock Kyembe
Said Abedi
Adam Semugabi
Charles Katumba
John Kawesi
Yusuf Ssonko
Issa Kawooya
Alex Olum
Robert Ssemakula
Paul Mukatabala
Magid Musisi
Wilson Nsobya
Sam Tamale
George Mukasa
Timothy Ayiekoh
Paul Hasule
Hakim Magumba
Andy Mwesigwa
Edgar Watson
Hassan Mubiru
Dennis Onyango
Andrew Mukasa
Mathias Kaweesa
Isaac Kirabira
Steven Bengo
Emmanuel Okwi
Isaac Muleme
Godfrey Walusimbi
Tonny Ndolo
References
External links
Official club site
Villa
Association football clubs established in 1975
Sport in Kampala
1975 establishments in Uganda
This page documents the tornadoes and tornado outbreaks of 1974, primarily in the United States. Most tornadoes form in the U.S., although some events may take place internationally. Tornado statistics for older years like this often appear significantly lower than modern years due to fewer reports or confirmed tornadoes.
Synopsis
1974 was exceptionally above average with a record number of seven F5 tornadoes in one year. 366 deaths occurred and almost 7,000 injuries occurred. The worst tornado outbreak of the record-breaking year was the Super Outbreak, which spawned all seven F5 tornadoes.
Events
January
24 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in the month of January.
February
23 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in the month of February.
March
36 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in the month of March.
April
267 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in the month of April.
April 1–2
A minor two–day tornado outbreak caused 23 tornadoes to form. One of which struck Lawrenceville, Illinois. Another tornado struck Lafayette, Indiana and was given an F2 rating. An F3 tornado struck Huntsville, Alabama killing 1 person. Several F2 tornadoes touched down across Mississippi and Alabama during the outbreak also.
April 3–4
The 1974 Super Outbreak was one of the most destructive tornado outbreaks ever known in United States history. Many notable tornadoes occurred, such as the Xenia, Ohio tornado which was an F5 tornado that killed 34 people and destroyed a large portion of the town. The Xenia tornado was so strong and the damage so severe, that Dr. Fujita considered rating it an F6, although the scale only went to F5. They decided not to since some of the damage that would indicate that it could be the mythical F6, might have been due to the structure not being as strong as it should in the first place. One of the 30 violent tornadoes, and F4 striking Monticello, Indiana, produced the longest damage path recorded during the 1974 Super Outbreak, on a southwest to northeast path that nearly crossed the entire state of Indiana. According to most records, this tornado formed near Otterbein in Benton County in west central Indiana to Noble County just northwest of Fort Wayne - a total distance of about 121 miles (195 km). Much of the town was destroyed including the courthouse, some churches and cemeteries, 40 businesses and numerous homes as well as three schools. It also heavily damaged the Penn Central bridge over the Tippecanoe River. Overall damage according to the NOAA was estimated at about US$250 million with US$100 million damage in Monticello alone. The Monticello tornado caused 18 deaths. One of the seven F5 tornadoes, the Huntsville, Alabama tornado, took a similar path of the tornado that struck Huntsville on April 1.
A large, F4 tornado struck Louisville, killing 3 people and demolished most of Audubon Elementary School and affected the neighborhoods of Audubon, Cherokee Triangle, Cherokee-Seneca, Crescent Hill, Indian Hills, Northfield, Rolling Fields, and Tyler Park. The fast-moving nighttime tornado that devastated the town of Guin, was the longest-duration F5 tornado recorded in the outbreak and considered to be one of the most violent ever recorded. The Guin Tornado traveled over to just west of Huntsville before lifting just after 10:30 pm CDT. It formed at around 8:50 pm CDT near the Mississippi-Alabama border, striking the Monterey Trailer Park, resulting in major damage at that location. The tornado then became extremely violent as it approached and entered Guin, with multiple areas of F5 damage noted in and around town. The tornado first struck the Guin Mobile Home Plant as it entered the town, completely obliterating the structure. Nothing was left of the plant but a pile of mangled steel beams. The town's downtown area was also heavily damaged, with many businesses and two churches completely destroyed. Residential areas in Guin suffered total devastation, with many homes swept completely away and scattered across fields. There were at least 148 tornadoes in the tornado outbreak and 318 fatalities, a record that was beat by the 2011 Super Outbreak.
April 18–21
A widespread tornado outbreak produced at least 36 tornadoes across the Great Plains and Midwest. A multiple-vortex F3 tornado touched down in Wisconsin, striking Lomira, killing 2 people. 159 miles per hour was calculated as a tornado destroyed 30 farms and then went on to rip apart 300 homes in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
May
144 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in the month of May.
June
194 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in June.
June 8
A tornado outbreak produced 36 tornadoes, at least 19 of them significant or intense, and is the second-deadliest June tornado event in Oklahoma history, with 16 deaths reported in the state, second only to the 35 people killed by an F4 tornado on June 12, 1942, in Oklahoma City. The deadliest tornado of the outbreak was a powerful F4 that struck the town of Drumright in Oklahoma, killing 14 people, 12 of whom were killed at Drumright. Another deadly and destructive F4 tornado struck the town of Emporia in Kansas, killing six more people. The outbreak also produced two F3 tornadoes in the Tulsa metropolitan area that killed two people and, combined with flooding, produced the costliest natural disaster in that city's history up to that time—a disaster worth $30,000,000 (1974 USD). Additionally, the outbreak produced non-tornadic winds in the city which reached () for several minutes. In addition to confirmed tornadoes, a possible tornado occurred at 8:15 p.m. CST south of Cullison in Kansas, producing intermittent damage, but is not officially listed as a tornado.
June 18–20
43 tornadoes touched down in the Great Plains and Great Lakes regions, killing 3 people and injuring 78. The strongest tornado of the outbreak was an F4 tornado that struck Des Moines, killing 2 people and injuring 50. June 20 featured 22 tornadoes in Illinois, being one of the highest numbers for Illinois in a single day.
July
59 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in July.
August
107 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in August.
September
25 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in September.
October
45 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in October.
October 10
Four tornadoes struck Canoncito, New Mexico, with one of them killing an infant in a trailer while also injuring eight other people. This was the first tornado to cause fatalities in New Mexico since 1964.
October 28
An F3 tornado touched down in Baytown, Texas and hit the Baytown Tunnel at rush hour. A dozen cars were picked up and thrown against each other and against the walls of the tunnel entrance. A tunnel guard described the event as "like a big vacuum cleaner". One man died when their car was picked up and thrown over a 20 foot wall. Seven homes were damaged, a maintenance was destroyed and a gas station canopy was blown off. Officially rated F3, Grazulis rated the tornado F2.
November
13 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in November.
December
8 tornadoes were reported in the U.S. in December.
See also
Tornado
Tornadoes by year
Tornado records
Tornado climatology
Tornado myths
List of tornado outbreaks
List of F5 and EF5 tornadoes
List of North American tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of 21st-century Canadian tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of European tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of tornadoes and tornado outbreaks in Asia
List of Southern Hemisphere tornadoes and tornado outbreaks
List of tornadoes striking downtown areas
Tornado intensity
Fujita scale
Enhanced Fujita scale
References
1974 meteorology
Tornado-related lists by year
Torn
Contributoria was an independent journalism network founded by Matt McAlister, Sarah Hartley and Dan Catt. It operated as a division of Guardian Media Group, the company that owns British daily national newspaper The Guardian. It launched on 6 January 2014 and published its final issue on 1 September 2015 after running for 21 issues in print and online.
Purpose
Sarah Hartley, editor and co-founder of the platform has said: "Contributoria is designed to operate like a cooperative and inspire professional writers and journalists to support each other. Finding new ways to fund quality journalism for freelance writers will help keep a diversity of published voices online. I encourage all journalists and writers to join up and help shape what could be the future of writing."
Funding
The platform was initially funded as a winner of the News Innovation Contest from the International Press Institute and sponsored by Google.
Development
In March 2015, Contributoria introduced a new feature called 'Topics' which allows NGOs, media outlets and commercial companies to commission stories through the platform.
References
2014 establishments in the United Kingdom
Guardian Media Group
Business Intelligence 2.0 (BI 2.0) is a development of the existing business intelligence model that began in the mid-2000s, where data can be obtained from many sources. The process allows for the querying of real-time corporate data by employees, but approaches the data with a web browser based solution. This is in contrast to previous proprietary querying tools that characterizes previous BI software.
Overview
The growth in service-oriented architectures (SOA) is one of the main factors for the development of BI 2.0, which is intended to be more flexible and adaptive than normal business intelligence. Data exchange processes also differ, with XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language), Web Services and various Semantic Web ontologies enable using data external to an organization, such as benchmarking type information.
Business Intelligence 2.0 is believed to have been named after Web 2.0, although it takes elements from both Web 2.0 (a focus on user empowerment and community collaboration, technologies like RSS and the concept of mashups), and the Semantic Web, sometimes called "Web 3.0" (semantic integration through shared ontologies to enable easier exchange of data).
According to analytics expert Neil Raden, BI 2.0 also implies a move away from the standard data warehouse that business intelligence tools have used, which "will give way to context, contingency and the need to relate information quickly from many sources."
See also
Enterprise bookmarking
Linked data
Object-based
Ontology alignment
Relationship extraction
Semantic grid
Semantic Web Rule Language (SWRL)
Semantic wiki
Social BI
Spreadmart
Synonym ring
People
Don Tapscott
David Weinberger
References
Further reading
Interviews
Business intelligence
Cloud applications
Eugene Robert La Rocque (June 29, 1918 – October 31, 2016) was a rear admiral of the US Navy. They founded the Center for Defense Information in 1971.
Early life
La Rocque was born in Kankakee, Illinois, in 1918 and began their naval service in 1940. When the attack on Pearl Harbor was carried out, they were serving on the USS Macdonough. They participated in 13 major battles during World War II and worked for seven years in the Strategic Plans Directorate of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. In the Battle of Kwajalein, they were the first man to go ashore in the landings at Roi-Namur.
As a lieutenant commander, La Rocque was the commanding officer of USS Solar, destroyed on April 30, 1946, in an explosion in loading torpex at Naval Ammunition Depot, Earle (now Naval Weapons Station, Earle), New Jersey. Five enlisted men and one officer were killed with 125 others wounded.
Activism
They retired in 1972 and was disillusioned over the Vietnam War. La Rocque and their colleagues testified before the US Congress, frequently appeared in the media, and consulted many national and international political leaders.
In the 1980s, La Rocque founded a weekly public affairs television program, America's Defense Monitor. In 1974, they stated that in their experience, any ship that is capable of carrying nuclear weapons carries them and does not off-load them in foreign ports. That statement directly conflicted with the US Department of Defense's policy that it would "neither confirm nor deny" (NC/ND) on such weapons and sparked controversy in Japan, which has had a non-nuclear policy since World War II.
They were elected to the Common Cause National Governing Board in 1982.
Personal life
La Rocque had three children (John La Rocque, James La Rocque, and Annette La Rocque Fitzsimmons) with Sally Fox, whom they had been married 32 years before their death, in 1978. In 1980, they married Washington business person Lillian Kerekes Danchik, who died in 1994, which left their two stepsons (Howard and Roger Danchik) from their first marriage.
Death
La Rocque died in Washington, DC, at the age of 98.  They are buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
See also
Center for Defense Information
References
External links
"Profiles: Gene Robert La Rocque," by Herbert Mitang, New Yorker, October 6, 1986.
"Admiral Gene Larocque Speaks to Studs Terkel About "The Good War", 1985.
1918 births
2016 deaths
People from Kankakee, Illinois
Military personnel from Illinois
United States Navy admirals
Burials at Arlington National Cemetery
The Treaty of Fort Clark (also known as the Treaty with the Osage or the Osage Treaty) was signed at Fort Osage (then called Fort Clark) on November 10, 1808, (ratified on April 28, 1810) in which the Osage Nation ceded all the land east of the fort in Missouri and Arkansas north of the Arkansas River to the United States. The Fort Clark treaty and the Treaty of St. Louis in which the Sac (tribe) and Fox (tribe) ceded northeastern Missouri along with northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin were the first two major treaties in the newly acquired Louisiana Purchase. The affected tribes, upset with the terms, were to side with the British in the War of 1812. Following the settlement of that war, John C. Sullivan for the United States was to survey the ceded land in 1816 (adjusting it 23 miles westward to the mouth of the Kansas River to create the Indian Boundary Line west of which and south of which virtually all tribes were to be removed in the Indian Removal Act in 1830.
Background
When Lewis and Clark began their explorations of the Missouri River in 1804, Pierre Chouteau of the Chouteau fur trading family in St. Louis, Missouri took Osage chiefs to meet Thomas Jefferson who promised to open a government sanctioned trading post (then called the factory which the Osage could sell their goods at a government set price (ostensibly to keep them from being exploited by individual traders). The trading post would also have a blacksmith to provide utensils for the Native Americans. In early 1808, Meriwether Lewis led a group to the site of Fort Osage near Sibley, Missouri where they built the fort on a bluff above the Missouri River. Pierre Chouteau went about 150 miles south to Neosho, Missouri where the Osage had their principal village on the Osage River and brought the chiefs to Fort Osage. There they were presented with the terms of the treaty.
Terms
Ceded land
The treaty specifically cedes the following land:
And in consideration of the advantages which we derive from the stipulations contained in the foregoing articles, we, the chiefs and warriors of the Great and Little Osage, for ourselves and our nations respectively, covenant and agree with the United States, that the boundary line between our nations and the United States shall be as follows, to wit: beginning at fort Clark, on the Missouri, five miles above Fire Prairie, and running thence a due south course to the river Arkansas, and down the same to the Mississippi; hereby ceding and relinquishing forever to the United States, all the lands which lie east of the said line, and north of the southwardly bank of the said river Arkansas, and all lands situated northwardly of the river Missouri. And we do further cede and relinquish to the United States forever, a tract of two leagues square, to embrace fort Clark, and to be laid off in such manner as the President of the United States shall think proper.
Payment
According to the Article V, the Osage were to receive an annual payment:
Great Osage nation, the sum of eight hundred dollars [$13,559.32 today], and to the Little Osage nation, the sum of four hundred dollars[$6,779.66 today].
Ceded lands
In Article VI the lands ceded:
Beginning at fort Clark, on the Missouri, five miles above Fire Prairie, and running thence a due south course to the river Arkansas, and down the same to the Mississippi; hereby ceding and relinquishing forever to the United States, all the lands which lie east of the said line, and north of the southwardly bank of the said river Arkansas, and all lands situated northwardly of the river Missouri. And we do further cede and relinquish to the United States forever, a tract of two leagues square, to embrace fort Clark, and to be laid off in such manner as the President of the United States shall think proper.
Assignment to other tribes
Article VIII provided that the Osage land could be assigned to other tribes:
And the United States agree that such of the Great and Little Osage Indians, as may think proper to put themselves under the protection of fort Clark, and who observe the stipulations of this treaty with good faith, shall be permitted to live and to hunt, without molestation, on all that tract of country, west of the north and south boundary line, on which they, the said Great and Little Osage, have usually hunted or resided: Provided, The same be not the hunting grounds of any nation or tribe of Indians in amity with the United States; and on any other lands within the territory of Louisiana, without the limits of the white settlements, until the United States may think proper to assign the same as hunting grounds to other friendly Indians.
Aftermath
There were protests immediately from the tribe as there were claims that not all the proper representatives signed the document. The Osage for the most part did not move to Fort Osage staying instead at their home in Neosho. Some tribesmen were to side with the British in the War of 1812. After the war, the Osage were summoned to Portage Des Sioux, Missouri where they affirmed the treaty in the Treaties of Portage des Sioux in 1815.
See also
Osage Treaty (disambiguation), several treaties
List of treaties
Sources
External links
Kappler Project – Text of Treaty
The Osage: A Historical Sketch
Fort Clark
Fort Clark
1808 in the United States
Pre-statehood history of Missouri
Pre-statehood history of Arkansas
1810 treaties
1808 treaties
Kristian Groenintwoud (born 9 May 1973) is an Australian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1973 births
Living people
Australian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Australia
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Melbourne
Charlotte Cooper defeated Louisa Martin 6–4, 6–4 in the all comers' final to win the ladies' singles tennis title at the 1898 Wimbledon Championships. The reigning champion Blanche Hillyard did not defend their title.
Draw
All comers' finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
External links
Ladies' Singles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Women's singles
Wimbledon Championships - Singles
Wimbledon Championships - Singles
Virginia's 16th congressional district is an obsolete congressional district. It was eliminated in 1843 after the 1840 U.S. Census. Its last Congressman was William A. Harris.
List of members representing the district
References
Congressional Biographical Directory of the United States 1774–present
16
Former congressional districts of the United States
Constituencies established in 1793
Constituencies disestablished in 1843
1793 establishments in Virginia
1843 disestablishments in Virginia
Avantika University is a private, cross-disciplinary university based in Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh, India. It has been described as India's first design-centered university. The university is supported by Maharashtra Institute of Technology's Institute of Design and will begin offering bachelor's and master's courses in design in 2017.
Programs
The university offers undergraduate, postgraduate, and executive programs in Industrial Design, Communication Design, User Experience along with Fashion Design, and Engineering.
Campus
The campus spreads over 1300,000 sq. ft, with academic, administrative, residential, sports and convention space. It also holds contemporary design studios, labs, and lecture theaters. High-speed digital connectivity, online libraries, interactive classrooms, and data centers are also available on campus.
References
External links
Universities in Madhya Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2015
2015 establishments in Madhya Pradesh
Design schools in India
Buildings and structures in Ujjain
Education in Ujjain
Parq Vancouver is a mixed-use development located adjacent to BC Place in Vancouver, British Columbia. The three towers house four-star hotels JW Marriott, The Douglas (an Autograph Collection hotel), a two-floor casino, eight restaurants and lounges which seat 846, a open space on level 6 and of event space.
The two-floor casino at Parq Vancouver has 600 slot machines and 75 gaming tables, the same as at the former Edgewater Casino, which was located across the street at the Plaza of Nations. The Parq casino opened on September 29, 2017, the same day the Edgewater closed.
References
External links
JW Marriott Parq Vancouver
The Douglas
Hotels in Vancouver
JW Marriott Hotels
Autograph Collection Hotels
Casinos in British Columbia
Begić is a surname. It may refer to:
Aida Begić (born 1976), Bosnian film director and screenwriter
Ana-Marija Begić (born 1994), Croatian basketball player
Elvedin Begić, Bosnian football official
Mirza Begić (born 1985) Bosnian-Slovenian professional basketball player
Silvije Begić (born 1993), Croatian footballer
Vera Begić (b. 1982) Croatian field events athlete
Vilko Begić (1874–1946) Croatian military officer
See also
Beg (disambiguation)
Begich (disambiguation)
Baig
Bey
Mirza
Bosnian surnames
Croatian surnames
This page covers all the important events in the sport of tennis in 2000. Primarily, it provides the results of notable tournaments throughout the year on both the ATP and WTA Tours, the Davis Cup, and the Fed Cup.
ITF
Grand Slam events
Australian Open
Men's singles: Andre Agassi defeated Yevgeny Kafelnikov, 3–6, 6–3, 6–2, 6–4
Men's doubles: Ellis Ferreira / Rick Leach defeated Wayne Black / Andrew Kratzmann, 6–4, 3–6, 6–3, 3–6, 18–16
Women's singles: Lindsay Davenport defeated Martina Hingis, 6–1, 7–5
Women's doubles: Lisa Raymond / Rennae Stubbs defeated Martina Hingis / Mary Pierce, 6–4, 5–7, 6–4
Mixed doubles: Rennae Stubbs / Jared Palmer defeated Arantxa Sánchez Vicario / Todd Woodbridge, 7–5, 7–6(7–3)
French Open
Men's singles: Gustavo Kuerten defeated Magnus Norman, 6–2, 6–3, 2–6, 7–6(8–6)
Men's doubles: Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde defeated Paul Haarhuis / Sandon Stolle, 7–6, 6–4
Women's singles: Mary Pierce defeated Conchita Martínez, 6–2, 7–5
Women's doubles: Martina Hingis / Mary Pierce defeated Virginia Ruano Pascual / Paola Suárez, 6–2, 6–4
Mixed doubles: Mariaan de Swardt / David Adams defeated Rennae Stubbs / Todd Woodbridge, 6–3, 3–6, 6–3
Wimbledon
Men's singles: Pete Sampras defeated Patrick Rafter, 6–7(10–12), 7–6(7–5), 6–4, 6–2
Men's doubles: Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde defeated Paul Haarhuis / Sandon Stolle, 6–3, 6–4, 6–1
Women's singles: Venus Williams defeated Lindsay Davenport, 6–3, 7–6(7–3)
Women's doubles: Serena Williams / Venus Williams defeated Julie Halard-Decugis / Ai Sugiyama, 6–3, 6–2
Mixed doubles: Kimberly Po / Donald Johnson defeated Kim Clijsters / Lleyton Hewitt, 6–4, 7–6(7–3)
US Open
Men's singles: Marat Safin defeated Pete Sampras, 6–4, 6–3, 6–3
Men's doubles: Lleyton Hewitt / Max Mirnyi defeated Ellis Ferreira / Rick Leach, 6–4, 5–7, 7–6
Women's singles: Venus Williams defeated Lindsay Davenport, 6–4, 7–5
Women's doubles: Julie Halard-Decugis / Ai Sugiyama defeated Cara Black / Elena Likhovtseva, 6–0, 1–6, 6–1
Mixed doubles: Arantxa Sánchez Vicario / Jared Palmer defeated Anna Kournikova / Max Mirnyi, 6–4, 6–3
Summer Olympics
Men's singles: Yevgeny Kafelnikov defeated Tommy Haas, 7–6(7–4), 3–6, 6–2, 4–6, 6–3
Women's singles: Venus Williams defeated Elena Dementieva, 6–2, 6–4
Men's doubles: Sébastien Lareau / Daniel Nestor defeated Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde, 5–7, 6–3, 6–4, 7–6(7–2)
World doubles: Serena Williams / Venus Williams defeated Kristie Boogert / Miriam Oremans, 6–1, 6–1
ATP Tour
Tennis Masters Cup
Singles: Gustavo Kuerten defeated Andre Agassi, 6–4, 6–4, 6–4
Doubles: Donald Johnson / Piet Norval defeated Mahesh Bhupathi / Leander Paes, 7–6(10–8), 6–3, 6–4
Tennis Masters Series
Indian Wells
Singles: Àlex Corretja defeated Thomas Enqvist, 6–4, 6–4, 6–3
Doubles: Alex O'Brien / Jared Palmer defeated Paul Haarhuis / Sandon Stolle, 6–4, 7–6(7–5)
Key Biscane
Singles: Pete Sampras defeated Gustavo Kuerten, 6–1, 6–7(2–7), 7–6(7–5), 7–6(10–8)
Doubles: Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde defeated Martin Damm / Dominik Hrbatý, 6–3, 6–4
Monte Carlo
Singles: Cédric Pioline defeated Dominik Hrbatý, 6–4, 7–6(7–3), 7–6(8–6)
Doubles: Wayne Ferreira / Yevgeny Kafelnikov defeated Paul Haarhuis / Sandon Stolle, 6–3, 2–6, 6–1
Rome
Singles: Magnus Norman defeated Gustavo Kuerten, 6–3, 4–6, 6–4, 6–4
Doubles: Martin Damm / Dominik Hrbatý defeated Wayne Ferreira / Yevgeny Kafelnikov 6–4, 3–6, 6–4
Hamburg
Singles: Gustavo Kuerten defeated Marat Safin, 6–4, 5–7, 6–4, 5–7, 7–6(7–3)
Doubles: Todd Woodbridge / Mark Woodforde defeated Wayne Arthurs / Sandon Stolle, 6–7, 6–4, 6–3
Canada (Toronto)
Singles: Marat Safin defeated Harel Levy, 6–2, 6–3
Doubles: Sébastien Lareau / Daniel Nestor defeated Joshua Eagle / Andrew Florent, 6–3, 7–6(7–3)
Cincinnati
Singles: Thomas Enqvist defeated Tim Henman, 7–6(7–5), 6–4
Doubles: Mark Woodforde / Todd Woodbridge defeated Ellis Ferreira / Rick Leach, 7–6(8–6), 6–4
Stuttgart
Singles: Wayne Ferreira defeated Lleyton Hewitt, 7–6(8–6), 3–6, 6–7(5–7), 7–6(7–2), 6–2
Doubles: Jiří Novák / David Rikl defeated Donald Johnson / Piet Norval, 3–6, 6–3, 6–4
Paris
Singles: Marat Safin defeated Yevgeny Kafelnikov, 3–6, 7–6(9–7), 6–4, 3–6, 7–6(10–8)
Doubles: Nicklas Kulti / Max Mirnyi defeated Paul Haarhuis / Daniel Nestor, 6–4, 7–5
WTA Tour
WTA Tour Championships
Singles: Martina Hingis defeated Monica Seles, 6–7(5–7), 6–4, 6–4
Doubles: Martina Hingis / Anna Kournikova defeated Nicole Arendt / Manon Bollegraf, 6–2, 6–3
Tier I events
Tokyo
Singles: Martina Hingis defeated Sandrine Testud, 6–3, 7–5
Doubles: Martina Hingis / Mary Pierce defeated Alexandra Fusai / Nathalie Tauziat, 6–4, 6–1
Indian Wells
Singles: Lindsay Davenport defeated Martina Hingis, 4–6, 6–4, 6–0
Doubles: Lindsay Davenport / Corina Morariu defeated Anna Kournikova / Natasha Zvereva, 6–2, 6–3
Miami
Singles: Martina Hingis defeated Lindsay Davenport, 6–3, 6–2
Doubles: Julie Halard-Decugis / Ai Sugiyama defeated Nicole Arendt / Manon Bollegraf 4–6, 7–5, 6–4
Hilton Head
Singles: Mary Pierce defeated Arantxa Sánchez Vicario, 6–1, 6–0
Doubles: Virginia Ruano / Paola Suárez defeated Conchita Martínez / Patricia Tarabini, 7–5, 6–3
Berlin
Singles: Conchita Martínez defeated Amanda Coetzer, 6–1, 6–2
Doubles:
Rome
Singles: Monica Seles defeated Amélie Mauresmo, 6–2, 7–6(7–4)
Doubles: Lisa Raymond / Rennae Stubbs defeated Arantxa Sánchez Vicario / Magüi Serna, 6–3, 4–6, 6–2
Canada (Montréal)
Singles: Martina Hingis defeated Serena Williams, 0–6, 6–3, 3–0, retired
Doubles: Martina Hingis / Nathalie Tauziat defeated Julie Halard-Decugis / Ai Sugiyama, 6–3, 3–6, 6–4
Zurich
Singles: Martina Hingis defeated Lindsay Davenport, 6–4, 4–6, 7–5
Doubles: Martina Hingis / Anna Kournikova defeated Kimberly Po / Anne-Gaëlle Sidot, 6–3, 6–4
Moscow
Singles: Martina Hingis defeated Anna Kournikova, 6–3, 6–1
Doubles: Julie Halard-Decugis / Ai Sugiyama defeated Martina Hingis / Anna Kournikova, 4–6, 6–4, 7–6(5)
International Tennis Hall of Fame
Class of 2000:
Mal Anderson, player
Martina Navratilova, player
Robert J. Kelleher, contributor
Tennis by year
William Isiah Bassett (27 January 1869 – 8 April 1937) was an English association footballer, director, and club chairperson who served West Bromwich Albion for over half a century.
Biography
Playing career
Born in West Bromwich, the eldest of a coal merchant's six children, at only , Bassett was initially considered too frail for a professional player. Establishing themselves as a winger in various local amateur sides, they joined West Bromwich Albion in 1886, playing outside-right. Bassett made their League debut on 8 September 1888, as a winger for West Bromwich Albion in a 2–0 win against Stoke at the Victoria Ground. Bassett scored their debut League goal on 15 September 1888 at the County Ground, against Derby County. West Bromwich Albion won the match 2–1. They missed one of the "Throstles"' 22 Football League matches and scored 11 goals in season 1888–89 and was part of a midfield that achieved a big (three goals or more) League win on two separate occasions. Their 11 league goals included one brace. When they made their League debut they were 19 years 225 days old; that made him, on that first day of League football, West Bromwich Albion's youngest player. They played 261 Football League games for the club, scoring 61 goals, and they also won 16 England caps and scored 8 goals, becoming one of the game's earliest celebrities. On 28 April 1894, Bassett became the first ever Albion player to be sent off: they were dismissed for using "unparliamentary language" in a friendly match away at Millwall. Described by one source as quick, direct and highly effective, they possessed superb ball-control and could score goals as well as make them. Bassett made their 311th and final competitive appearance for Albion on the last day of the 1898–99 season, lining up in a 7–1 defeat away against Aston Villa.
Director and chairperson
Bassett became an Albion director in 1905, following the resignation of the previous board in its entirety. The club was in deep financial trouble and had had a writ served upon them by their bank, but Bassett and returning chairperson Harry Keys rescued the club, aided by local fund-raising activities. Bassett became chairperson in 1908, and helped the club to avoid bankruptcy once more in 1910 by paying the players' summer wages from their own pocket. They remained Albion's chair until their death.
Their activities in the wider footballing world let them take an active role in the development of both the Football Association and the Football League. The strength of England's rivalry with Scotland had led Bassett to develop a "distaste" for Scots during their playing days, and throughout their 29-year chairpersonship Albion did not sign a single Scottish player.
Death and legacy
Billy Bassett died in West Bromwich on 8 April 1937 at the age of 68. Two days after their death, a minute silence was held prior to Albion's 4–1 defeat to Preston North End in the FA Cup semi-final at Highbury. The Albion players were clearly affected, with Teddy Sandford saying:
More than 100,000 people lined the streets of West Bromwich for Bassett's funeral procession.
In 1998, they were listed among the Football League 100 Legends, while in 2004 they were named as one of West Bromwich Albion's 16 greatest players, in a poll organised as part of the club's 125th anniversary celebrations.
Honours
West Bromwich Albion
FA Cup: 1888, 1892
Notes
References
1869 births
1937 deaths
Sportspeople from West Bromwich
English footballers
Association football outside forwards
West Bromwich Albion F.C. players
English Football League players
English Football League representative players
England international footballers
English football chairpeople and investors
FA Cup Final players
XHYQ-FM is a radio station on 98.5 FM in Fresnillo, Zacatecas. It is owned by Grupo Radiofónico ZER and carries its La Tremenda grupera format.
History
XEYQ-AM 1500 received its concession on September 28, 1978. It was owned by Edmundo Llamas Felix and broadcast with 5,000 watts day and 150 watts night. XEYQ was sold in 1997 to Radio Comunicación de Zacatecas, which moved it to 640 kHz and upgraded nighttime power to 1,000 watts. Ralla Zacatecana became the concessionaire in 2000
XEYQ was cleared to move to FM in November 2010.
References
Radio stations in Zacatecas
Radio stations established in 1978
The Bellamy Historic District, in Franklin County, Georgia near Carnesville, Georgia, is located on GA 51, approximately 2.75 mi. NW of junction with I-85. It is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996. The listing included 14 contributing buildings.
It includes double pen architecture and Queen Anne architecture.
It includes the Richard Bellamy Log House, built c. 1800, a clapboard-covered one-story log house which is about in plan.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Georgia (U.S. state)
National Register of Historic Places in Franklin County, Georgia
Queen Anne architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
The Korean Cultural Center New York (KCCNY) (Korean: 뉴욕한국문화원), a branch of the Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism of the Republic of South Korea, is a government institution supported by the Korean Consulate General. Inaugurated in December 1979, KCCNY works to establish and promote Korean culture and aesthetics in New York through diverse cultural and artistic activities including gallery exhibitions, performing arts concerts, film festivals, and educational programs. The current director is Yun Jeung Jo.
History
The Korean Culture and Information Service launched in 1971 as an arm of the Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism to serve as a communication bridge to promote Korea overseas and shed light on international cultural exchanges. As of 2017, it is operating 31 cultural centers in 28 countries around the world, with the Korean Cultural Center New York being inaugurated in 1979.
Since its opening, KCCNY has focused its efforts on broadening the understanding of Koreans and supporting the relationship between South Korea and the United States through cultural activities and events. It faced many limitations early on, but is now equipped with improved facilities and strong relations with global institutions and local organizations in New York that aids in the center's expanding roles.
Slogan
The official slogan of KCCNY is “A Korea In New York,” which symbolizes the center's desire to promote Korean content to the communities in New York and surrounding area. The need for this slogan was recognized due to the overall lack of awareness of Korea and Korean culture throughout the US. With “A Korea in New York,” KCCNY aims to proactively share “Korea” in a manner that can best contribute and give back to New York and the United States as a whole.
Initiatives
As part of an effort to spread and promote Korean culture throughout the city of New York, KCCNY organizes many programs and events under diverse categories.
Film
KCCNY annually presents “Korean Movie Night New York,” a program consisting of free film screenings showcasing specially curated Korean films ranging from top grossing hits to recent indie releases. In addition, KCCNY is in support of the New York Asian Film Festival and hosts exciting programs, such as "Master Series," to further share Korean film to US audiences.
Performing Arts
KCCNY engages and promotes diverse performing arts events that can introduce both traditional and modern dance, music, and Korean aesthetic styles to New York. The Performing Arts department aims to provide a stage for top performing artists ranging from time-honored court music performances to rising contemporary dance programs who can reinterpret, localize, and globalize Korean traditional music-inspired performances that exemplify the highest tier of performance.
Sports
KCCNY proudly supports athletes of all Korean sports as well as athletes of Korean background active in the world. 2017 and 2018 are particularly exciting years as the world prepares for the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics hosted by Pyeongchang, South Korea. The official games will take place from February 9 to 25, and KCCNY will be hosting various programs and campaigns in New York in support of the upcoming Olympics.
Cuisine
KCCNY is the annual host and sponsor of top Korean food competitions such as the Global Taste of Korea Contest. In addition, KCCNY holds special workshops featuring top chefs showcasing Korean cooking techniques and cuisine that shares the depth and flavors of Korea.
Library/Education
The library located inside the Korean Cultural Center New York location holds a rich collection of over 20,000 books and DVDs in both English and Korean. It is open to the public on weekdays from 9am to 5pm, but is also available through an easily accessible online E-library found on the center's website.
Exhibition
Gallery exhibitions are organized by Gallery Korea, a division within KCCNY. Artists of various backgrounds and disciplines have presented their artwork in line with the mission to promote cultural exchange through art. Past exhibitions include "Haenyeo" "The Movement of HERstory: Korean Embroidery" and " HANJI".
On March 17th, 2021, the exhibition “Creation Continua: Park Joon Photo Portraits of Korean Artist Diaspora in Greater New York” opened at KCCNY, as part of Asia Week New York 2021. The exhibition displays photographs of 50 Korean immigrant artists who came to the U.S. in the late 20th century. The portraits were taken by Korean American photographer, Park Joon, who immigrated to the US in 1984. The exhibition runs until April 30th, 2021.
Directors
Current
Yun Jeung Jo: November 2018
Former
Jae Hong Lee: August 18, 1979
Tae Wan Yoo: April 1, 1981
Young Mo Ahn: October 16, 1984
Shin Il Park: July 1, 1985
Chan Yong Yi: September 1, 1987
Djun Kil Kim: June 1, 1990
Young Gil Park: September 10, 1993
Hong Sok Lee: April 28, 1998
Byong Suh Lee: March 1, 1999
Yang Woo Park: August 19, 2002
Jin Yung Woo: August 8, 2005
Soo Keun Song: October 11, 2007
Woo Sung Lee: October 1, 2010
Seung Je Oh: August 26, 2015
See also
Korean Cultural Center
References
External links
Official Website
Art museums and galleries in Manhattan
Cultural centers in New York City
Korean-American culture in New York City
Midtown Manhattan
Organizations based in New York City
Park Avenue
The Black Watch is a 1929 American Pre-Code adventure epic film directed by John Ford and starring Victor McLaglen, Myrna Loy, and David Torrence. Written by James Kevin McGuinness based on the 1916 novel King of the Khyber Rifles by Talbot Mundy, the film is about a captain in the British Army's Black Watch regiment assigned to a secret mission in India just as their company is called to France at the outbreak of war. Their covert assignment results in theirs being considered a coward by their fellows, a suspicion confirmed when they become involved in a drunken brawl in India that results in the apparent death of another officer. The film features an uncredited 21-year-old John Wayne working as an extra; they also worked in the arts and costume department for the film. This was director John Ford's first sound film.
Cast
Victor McLaglen as Capt. Donald Gordon King
Myrna Loy as Yasmani
David Torrence as Field Marshal
David Rollins as Lt. Malcolm King
Cyril Chadwick as Maj. Twynes
Lumsden Hare as Colonel of the Black Watch
Roy D'Arcy as Rewa Ghunga
David Percy as Soloist, Black Watch Officer
Mitchell Lewis as Mohammed Khan
Claude King as General in India
Walter Long as Harrim Bey
Francis Ford as Maj. MacGregor
Frederick Sullivan as General's Aide
Richard Travers as Adjutant
Pat Somerset as O'Connor, Black Watch Officer
Joseph Diskay as Muezzin
Joyzelle Joyner as Dancer
Gregory Gaye as a 42nd Highlander (uncredited)
Mary Gordon as Sandy's Wife (uncredited)
Bob Kortman as a 42nd Highlander (uncredited)
Tom London as a 42nd Highlander (uncredited)
Jack Pennick as a 42nd Highlander (uncredited)
Randolph Scott as a 42nd Highlander (uncredited)
Phillips Smalley as the Doctor (uncredited)
Lupita Tovar in a Bit Part (uncredited)
John Wayne as a 42nd Highlander (uncredited)
See also
List of American films of 1929
References
External links
American war films
American black-and-white films
1929 films
1920s adventure drama films
Films set in India
Films set in the British Raj
Films set in the 1910s
Films directed by John Ford
Fox Film films
Films based on British novels
American adventure drama films
1929 drama films
1920s English-language films
1920s American films
In a Monastery Garden is a piece of light classical music by Albert Ketèlbey, who composed it in 1915 after a visit to a real monastic garden, now the Benedictine monastery of St Augustine's Abbey, Chilworth in Surrey. It was especially successful when performed by Ronnie Ronalde who often performed it as their finale and sold over a million recordings.
Origin
There are conflicting accounts of the origins of this piece. Here are four accounts:
1. From Franciscans Here and There, no.34:
During Fr. Edgar's noviciate... a visit was made to Chilworth in 1910 by Fr. Edgar's brother, Joseph. The latter, as J.H. Larway, was a well-known music publisher... They brought with them to Chilworth on this 1910 visit a man who was at that time distinguished as a composer, conductor and musical editor: Albert Ketelbey... Joseph Larway and Albert Ketelbey were taken round the friary and grounds of Chilworth. During the tour of the woods Ketelbey turned to Joseph Larway and said "I've got an idea. If I put it on paper, will you publish it." The idea or inspiration was In a Monastery Garden.
Between one thing and another some time elapsed before the various parts were ready for publication... In 1915 Joseph Larway... took out the copyright...
What was the surprise Fr. Edgar had in store for their guests at the 1959 Jubilee of their 50 years in the Order? Notwithstanding the many moves a friar may have in 50 years Fr. Edgar went up to their cell to bring down a remnant they had stored, and saved from the wreck of many moves. It was the score of the original MS of Ketelbey's In a Monastery Garden...
Asked if they would mind this original score going into the archives of the Province, Fr. Edgar not only agreed, but agreed most willingly, and handed over the MS, which was once described in a musical review as "touching the hearts of millions of people"...
2. This account is included in the article In a Monastery Garden, by Albert W. Ketèlbey, in Music Masterpieces, Part 12, 18 March 1926, page 183:
It is highly necessary to feel what one writes, and also to have the right kind of inspiration. When I was writing In a Monastery Garden, one of my most popular compositions, I was for the time being an imaginary monk, and as in my earlier days I had had certain ascetic inclinations it was not difficult to get myself into a suitable frame of mind.
The first inspiration to write the piece came to me during a visit to Scarborough. I happened to drive over to Bridlington one day, and on the way I visited a beautiful old monastery. Its quietude and its aloofness from the gaiety of the world at its doors seemed to cry aloud for expression through the medium of the orchestra. I had an idea, and when I returned home I set to work to draw a musical picture of the scene as it had impressed itself upon my mind - the chanting of the monks, the serenity and calm of the landscape, and the emotional aspect generally.
I have always thought it a great compliment that many clergymen have asked me to allow them to incorporate the "chant" section of the piece into their church services.
3. The following account was given in Radio Times, 4 September 1931, page 203:
In a Monastery Garden was commissioned for performance in a seaside resort. The idea for it came to the composer during a visit to a monastery while out motoring. At first no publisher would take it unless Ketélbey [sic] removed the Kyrie section: but later a publisher bowed to Ketélbey's will, and it became, Kyrie and all, one of the world's "best sellers".
4. Ketèlbey's colleague, Herbert C. Ridout, has the following in Behind the needle, 5: Looking over forty years of the gramophone (in The Gramophone, November 1940, page 132):
It was in October 1915 that we issued a record of a then unknown work called In a Monastery Garden, and I think we must have been animated by the wish to give our friend Albert Ketelbey's piece a good send-off, because the coupling on the record was the more famous Destiny waltz. But there soon came a time when Monastery Garden stood quite well on its own merits, and became such a success that it pointed out a distinct path for its composer to follow.
I know Albert Ketelbey would have to be identified with the more serious music they had composed and published (some of it under the nom-de-plume of Anton Vodorinski) and, but for a purely accidental happening in connection with their Monastery Garden, this might have well been the case. The story really began two years or so earlier and in a recording atmosphere, so it is quite apropos here.
Among the members of the orchestra regularly employed by Ketelbey for recording was a clarinet player called Scoma. In the summer months every year, when orchestral engagements in London were at their lowest ebb, Scoma themselves conducted an orchestra of their own in Bridlington during the holiday season. Being great friends with Ketelbey, Scoma asked them if they would write for them an original orchestral work that they could feature as a novelty in their seaside programmes. That was in 1912. After paying a visit to Scoma at Bridlington, Ketelbey conceived the idea of In a Monastery Garden and passed the manuscript to Scoma. The latter soon began to report in excited letters that the little work not only aroused enthusiasm when played, but that they were receiving enquiries as to its publication. Scoma repeated the performances the following season, and this time declared that they had been pestered with requests for it in published form, rather shrewdly, however, advising the composer against publication for the moment, urging patience until it had been thoroughly tried out. They played it yet a third year at Bridlington, but this time news of its reception had traveled to London independently, for Ketelbey was approached by several London publishers anxious to secure it. Eventually J.H. Larway was the publisher chosen - at Ketelbey's own terms!
The lyrics of 1921 in the Indiana State archive are shown as follows;
Through the misty twilight falling,
Voices from afar are calling –
Calling all the weary homeward to their rest,
The evening bell is softly pealing,
While from out the cloisters stealing,
Comes this prayer of mercy, peaceful and so blest.
KYRIE, ELEISON,
Hope will bring to us its gladness,
Faith shall take away all sadness,
While the gates of day are closing in the West,
Joy will come again with morning,
Shadows pass, but love is dawning,
God is Love and gives us all Eternal Rest.
KYRIE, ELEISON
Summary
There appear to have been two pre-publication versions. The piano manuscript was with Edgar Larway at Chilworth, while the orchestral parts were with Enrico Scoma at Bridlington. Even after publication, there is one difference of harmony between the two versions that makes them incompatible.
What none of these accounts mentions is that the first appearance of In a Monastery Garden nationwide was as the recording on Regal Records. This appeared in the Regal catalogue for May 1914, the year before the publication of the sheet music. This first recording uses a different orchestration from the published one, and has details closer to the piano version.
References
The Music of Albert W. Ketèlbey a Catalogue, compiled by Tom McCanna, http://www.albertketelbey.org.uk/catalogue
1915 compositions
Compositions by Albert Ketèlbey
Email remarketing refers to the email systems used by merchants to follow up with website visitors who do not make a desired purchase action. It is a development of email marketing that aims to re-attract website viewers or customers. In other words, the whole idea of email remarketing is attracting customers or users back for purchase, growing repeated customers.
Types of email remarketing
Email remarketing can be done through various kinds of emails, such as:
Browse abandonment emails
Browse abandonment emails reconnect merchants with website visitors who quit the site without purchase action, giving chances to turn window shoppers into actual buyers. Browse abandonment is on the upper side of the purchase funnel, and the next abandonment which stop customers accessing to check-out is cart abandonment. Instead of contacting everyone, marketers are more likely to send email to the people who have shown obvious interest on the products. For example, they are the ones who browse key pages of the website or who begin a process such as registering an account or downloading a white paper but then stop the action, without purchase any products or services.
Usually, browse abandonment emails are edited based on the receivers' browse and search history. In this case, the emails would be personalized, more targeted on individuals, compared to marketing emails. Browse recovery emails could make approximately 36.63% revenue and rise 2.79% sales effectively.
Cart abandonment emails
As mentioned, cart abandonment is the second prevention. Cart abandonment emails are worked as a reminder of what items the receivers have abandoned. They are sent to customers who have added products to their shopping cart but failed to check-out. In order to prevent shopping cart abandonment, marketers would send remarketing email to customers.
According to the research by Experian Marketing Services, simply sending an abandoned cart reminder increases purchase rate by 1.53% and open rates by 41%. Compared to the promotion and advertising emails, uncompleted order reminder increases purchase rate at 19 times higher.
Some people are worried that sending cart abandonment emails will annoy people, and while that make be the case, research shows that 69% of people found the 'reminders' to be helpful in some way.
Traditional cart abandonment emails require the advertiser to have contact information already in place to send the email. This requires that website visitors that abandon their carts must have previously subscribed, purchased, or otherwise provided their contact information. Newer technologies allow marketers to first identify anonymous website visitors using a cookie-based identification system, and then to follow-up with those visitors directly via email to convert them.
Retargeting anonymous website bounces
When individuals visit a website without converting there are tools available to identify anonymous website visitors, match them with their email address and follow-up directly to convert. Similar to cart abandonment, this type of email remarketing is done prior to the cart - with follow-up sent even if the visitor hasn't provided their contact information.
Post-purchase emails
After completing orders, merchants would send a review emails to consumers. Some of those emails are telling them what they have bought before, some are post-purchase survey, etc. Before consumers make purchase decisions, they are heavily relied on the customer reviews about the products. Here is an example. Sephora, a leading beauty retailer, thanks the customer for their recent purchase while simultaneously asking them to review their new products. Within the email they also give the shopper an additional reason to engage by promoting other content resources including Sephora TV and beauty news. This review campaign appears to be extremely successful. In addition, in the first quarter of 2015, the read rate for these campaigns was 58% higher than their average read rate and the deleted unread percentage was 44% lower. To sum up, post-purchase emails could not only help the companies to strength the brand identity, re-engage the existed customers, but also help attract new customers with advertisements and promotion.
Order follow ups, rewards or loyalty programs, inactive customer follow ups, and so forth...
Comparison to email marketing
Email marketing is more similar to newsletter which is broad and impersonal, like sending a direct email to existing customers or potential customers. On this stage, marketers may have little information about the receivers. The purpose of Marketing email is solely to deliver promotional messages. Companies usually collect a list of customer or prospect email addresses to send direct promotional messages.
On the other hand, remarking emails should be much more personalized. As vendors probably have collected information about the customers on the first stage that the customers exposed, they are taking the information they already have and using them to send relevant emails. For instance, when a customer bought an item at their first visit, vendors would probably ask them to complete a form about their contact information. Afterwards, marketers would use those contact details to do their remarking campaigns. "Remarketing is so powerful because it allows marketers the opportunity to continue the conversation, that otherwise may have only been a 30-second decision on the part of the consumer," said Jason Hobbs, founder and president of digital marketing company The Found Group. Furthermore, Forrester Research found that remarketing emails can generate nearly four times more revenue and 18 times greater net profits compared with marketing using simply untargeted mailings.
Email marketing gives vendors a chance to promote their products at the beginning, but email remarking allows the company to continue the business but targeted at fewer customers. In conclusion, email marketing covers wider area of customer group, while email remarking methods are more targeted and effective.
How email remarketing works
Benefits
The principle of advertisement is basically to give a persuasive argument for a product then put it in front of the public. With the development of technology, it makes advertising much easier. The word 'easier' means convenience and lower cost. In the past time, marketers usually printed the promotion messages into brochures then delivered them to thousands of mailboxes. Nowadays, marketers just design and edit the content into emails, then send those emails to countless email addresses in one second automatically. With no shipping fees, delay, and printing cost, companies definitely have decreased much of their advertising costs in the present decade. Lower cost leads to higher revenue sometimes. Moreover, the data displayed above proves that email remarketing are bringing vendors brand loyalty, financial return, and so on.
How it works
By definition of 'remarketing', it restricts the volume of customer group that the marketers could reach. However, instead of direct emails, email remarketing are reaching the customers whose purchase intent is highest. The remarketing email receivers are existed customers and potential customers who have shown attention and obvious interests on the products and services. In this case, a persuasive argument on the items could easily drive them to buy. When to send the remarketing emails is a substantial problem. Experian Marketing Services found that emails sent closer to the abandonment is more likely to make lifts in revenue. Generally, it can be as early as 30 minutes to 1 day. For the promotion and reactivation emails and the other emails, they are suggested to be sent at 2 p.m. on every Tuesday and Thursday.
What to send should be given careful consideration as well. For cart abandonment emails, the items left in the shopping cart should be shown in the email directly, as it leads to the highest rate of transactions. To continue bottom to check-out should be shown in the obvious position in the emails, as well as the option for the transaction tools, such as 'via PayPal' or 'Paid by MasterCard'. For the Thank You for Purchase email, it works better if it includes a discount information for the next purchase.
Frequency is the key. Experian Marketing Services recommends that cart abandonment emails should be sent at least twice after the first attempt, because the survey shows 54% lift in revenues when the second reminder email sent.
Further reading
Email Marketing
Email Retargeting
References
Digital marketing
The Finnish Shooting Sport Federation, Finnish Suomen Ampumaurheiluliitto (SAL), was founded in 1919 and is an umbrella organization for sport shooting in Finland, representing many international shooting sport organizations in Finland.
SAL is Finlands's representative for the international shooting organizations International Shooting Sport Federation, International Practical Shooting Confederation, World Benchrest Shooting Federation, International Metallic Silhouette Shooting Union, Muzzle Loaders Associations International Committee and the European Shooting Confederation.
Shooting disciplines
Pistol (pistooli)
Rifle (kivääri)
Shotgun (haulikko)
Running target (liikkuva maali)
Practical (practical)
Metallic silhouette (siluetti)
Benchrest (kasa-ammunta)
Black powder (mustaruuti)
National championships
The IPSC Finnish Handgun Championship, Rifle Championship, Shotgun Championship, Tournament Championship and Action Air Championship
See also
List of shooting sports organizations
Nordic Shooting Region
SRA-shooting, a shooting discipline organized by the Finnish Reservist Sports Federation.
Other umbrella organizations for shooting
Association of Maltese Arms Collectors and Shooters
French Shooting Federation
Hellenic Shooting Federation
Monaco Shooting Federation
Norwegian Shooting Association
Royal Spanish Olympic Shooting Federation
Swiss Shooting Sport Federation
References
External links
Official homepage of the Finnish Shooting Sport Federation
Regions of the International Practical Shooting Confederation
Shooting
National members of the European Shooting Confederation
A vulture is a bird of prey that scavenges on carrion. There are 23 extant species of vulture (including Condors). Old World vultures include 16 living species native to Europe, Africa, and Asia; New World vultures are restricted to North and South America and consist of seven identified species, all belonging to the Cathartidae family.
A particular characteristic of many vultures is a bald, unfeathered head. This bare skin is thought to keep the head clean when feeding, and also plays an important role in thermoregulation.
Vultures have been observed to hunch their bodies and tuck in their heads in the cold, and open their wings and stretch their necks in the heat. They also urinate on themselves as a means of cooling their bodies.
A group of vultures in flight is called a 'kettle', while the term 'committee' refers to a group of vultures resting on the ground or in trees. A group of vultures that are feeding is termed a 'wake'.
Taxonomy
Although New World vultures and Old World vultures share many resemblances, they are not very closely related. Rather, they share resemblance because of convergent evolution.
Early naturalists placed all vultures under one single biological group. Carl Linnaeus had assigned both Old World vultures and New World vultures in a Vultur genus, even including the harpy eagle. Soon anatomists split Old and New World vultures, with New World vultures being placed in a new suborder, Cathartae, later renamed Cathartidae as per the Rules of Nomenclature (from Greek: carthartes, meaning "purifier") by French ornithologist Frédéric de Lafresnaye. The suborder was later recognised as a family, rather than a suborder.
In the late 20th century some ornithologists argued that New World vultures are more closely related to storks on the basis of karyotype, morphological, and behavioral data. Thus some authorities placed them in the Ciconiiformes family with storks and herons; Sibley and Monroe (1990) even considered them a subfamily of the storks. This was criticized, and an early DNA sequence study was based on erroneous data and subsequently retracted. There was then an attempt to raise the New World vultures to the rank of an independent order, Cathartiformes not closely associated with either the birds of prey or the storks and herons.
Old World vultures
The Old World vultures found in Africa, Asia, and Europe belong to the family Accipitridae, which also includes eagles, kites, buzzards, and hawks. Old World vultures find carcasses exclusively by sight.
The 16 species in 9 genera are:
Cinereous vulture, Aegypius monachus
Griffon vulture, Gyps fulvus
White-rumped vulture, Gyps bengalensis
Rüppell's vulture, Gyps rueppelli
Indian vulture, Gyps indicus
Slender-billed vulture, Gyps tenuirostris
Himalayan vulture, Gyps himalayensis
White-backed vulture, Gyps africanus
Cape vulture, Gyps coprotheres
Hooded vulture, Necrosyrtes monachus
Red-headed vulture, Sarcogyps calvus
Lappet-faced vulture, Torgos tracheliotos
White-headed vulture, Trigonoceps occipitalis
Bearded vulture (Lammergeier), Gypaetus barbatus
Egyptian vulture, Neophron percnopterus
Palm-nut vulture, Gypohierax angolensis
New World vultures
The New World vultures and condors found in warm and temperate areas of the Americas belong to the family Cathartidae. Recent DNA evidence suggests that they should be included within order Accipitriformes along with birds of prey including hawks, eagles, and Old World vultures. Several species have a good sense of smell, unusual for raptors, and are able to smell dead animals from great heights, up to a mile away. The seven species are:
Black vulture Coragyps atratus in South America and north to the US
Turkey vulture Cathartes aura throughout the Americas to southern Canada
Lesser yellow-headed vulture Cathartes burrovianus in South America and north to Mexico
Greater yellow-headed vulture Cathartes melambrotus in the Amazon Basin of tropical South America
California condor Gymnogyps californianus in California, formerly widespread in the mountains of western North America
Andean condor Vultur gryphus in the Andes
King vulture Sarcoramphus papa from southern Mexico to northern Argentina
Feeding
Vultures are scavengers, meaning that they eat dead animals. Outside of the oceans, vultures are the only known obligate scavengers. They rarely attack healthy animals, but may kill the wounded or sick. When a carcass has too thick a hide for its beak to open, it waits for a larger scavenger to eat first. Vast numbers have been seen upon battlefields. They gorge themselves when prey is abundant, until their crops bulge, and sit, sleepy or half torpid, to digest their food. These birds do not carry food to their young in their talons but disgorge it from their crops. The mountain-dwelling bearded vulture is the only vertebrate to specialize in eating bones; it carries bones to the nest for the young, and hunts some live prey.
Vultures are of great value as scavengers, especially in hot regions. Vulture stomach acid is exceptionally corrosive (pH=1.0), allowing them to safely digest putrid carcasses infected with botulinum toxin, hog cholera bacteria, and anthrax bacteria that would be lethal to other scavengers and remove these bacteria from the environment. New World vultures often vomit when threatened or approached. Contrary to some accounts, they do not "projectile vomit" on their attacker in defence, but to lighten their stomach load to ease take-off. The vomited meal residue may distract a predator, allowing the bird to escape.
New World vultures also urinate straight down their legs; the uric acid kills bacteria accumulated from walking through carcasses, and also acts as evaporative cooling.
Conservation status
Vultures in south Asia, mainly in India and Nepal, have declined dramatically since the early 1990s. It has been found that this decline was caused by residues of the veterinary drug Diclofenac in animal carcasses. The government of India has taken very late cognizance of this fact and has banned the drug for animals. However, it may take decades for vultures to come back to their earlier population level, if they ever do: without vultures to pick corpses clean, rabies-carrying dogs have multiplied, feeding on the carrion, and age-old practices like the sky burials of the Parsees are coming to an end, permanently reducing the supply of corpses. The same problem is also seen in Nepal where government has taken some late steps to conserve remaining vultures.
The vulture population is threatened across Africa and Eurasia. There are many anthropogenic activities that threaten vultures such as poisoning and wind energy collision mortality. In Central Africa there have been efforts to conserve the remaining vultures and bring their population numbers back up. This is largely due to the bushmeat trade, "it is estimated that more than of wild animal meat is traded" and vultures take up a large percentage of this bushmeat due to the demand in the fetish market. The substantial drop in vulture populations in the continent of Africa is also said to be the result of both intentional and unintentional poisoning, with one study finding it to be the cause of 61% of the vulture deaths recorded.
A recent study in 2016, reported that "of the 22 vulture species, nine are critically endangered, three are endangered, four are near threatened, and six are the least concern".
The conservation status of vultures is of particular concern to humans. For example, the decline of vulture populations can lead to increased disease transmission and resource damage, through increased populations of disease vector and pest animal populations that scavenge carcasses opportunistically. Vultures control these pests and disease vectors indirectly through competition for carcasses.
On 20 June 2019, the corpses of 468 white-backed vultures, 17 white-headed vultures, 28 hooded vultures, 14 lappet-faced vultures and 10 cape vultures, altogether 537 vultures, besides 2 tawny eagles, were found in northern Botswana. It is suspected that they died after eating the corpses of 3 elephants that were poisoned by poachers, possibly to avoid detection by the birds, which help rangers to track poaching activity by circling above where there are dead animals.
In myth and culture
In Ancient Egyptian art, Nekhbet, a mythological goddess and patron of both the city of Nekheb and Upper Egypt was depicted as a vulture. Alan Gardiner identified the species that was used in divine iconography as a griffon vulture. Arielle P. Kozloff, however, argues that the vultures in New Kingdom art, with their blue-tipped beaks and loose skin, better resemble the lappet-faced vulture. Many Great Royal Wives wore vulture crowns - a symbol of protection from the goddess Nekhbet.
Ancient Egyptians believed that all vultures were female and were spontaneously born from eggs without the intervention of a male, and therefore linked the birds to purity and motherhood, but also the eternal cycle of death and rebirth for their ability to transform the “death” they feed on – i.e. carrion and waste – into life.
In Pre-Columbian times, vultures were appreciated as extraordinary beings and they had high iconographic status. Vultures appear in many Mesoamerican myths, legends, and fables, with many separate civilizations such as the Mayan and Aztec developing a range of stories around vultures. Many Mesoamerican stories depict vultures negatively, while others contain more positive attitudes.
See also
Jatayu
Stele of the Vultures
References
External links
Vulture videos on the Internet Bird Collection
Ventana Wildlife Society
Vulture observatory in Spain
A Vulture Restaurant
Declining Vulture Count in India
Vulture Conservation in Western Coast of India
Website for journal Vulture News
01
Birds of prey
Scavengers
Bird common names
Polyphyletic groups
The Horley Motor & Engineering Co. Ltd was a British automobile manufacturer in Horley, Surrey, producing light vehicles between 1904 and 1909. The brand names were Horley and No Name. Horley collaborated with Lacoste & Battmann, the French supplier of vehicle components, assemblies and unbranded vehicles equipped with Aster, De Dion-Bouton or Mutel engines.
The manufacturing premises were at Balcombe road, Horley.
Models
1904
The first model, an 8 HP two-seater, was exhibited at the Crystal Palace Automobile Show in London in 1904. It was reportedly sold under both the Horley and No Name brand names. It used a front-mounted, single-cylinder engine equipped with mechanically operated valves, which was supplied by the Motor Manufacturing Company (M.M.C.) of Coventry. The transmission had three forward gears plus reverse gear, and a shaft drive to the rear axle. The wheels had wooden spokes ("artillery wheels").
The 8 HP was initially offered as a two-seater, but later in 1904 it was enhanced with space for four people. Production continued for three years.
The original price of £105 made Horley one of the earliest companies to achieve the figure of 100 gns (guineas) for a complete car.
1906
In 1906 the model was uprated to become the Horley 9 HP, which had an engine with a displacement of 1,182 cm³ and a wheelbase of 1,828 mm. This resulted in a price increase.
1907
In 1907 the Horley 8½ HP replaced the 9HP. There was also a light touring car with a 904 cc White and Poppe water-cooled, side-valve two-cylinder inline engine. The wheelbase of the car was 1,854 mm.
1908
In 1908 a delivery van was introduced, with an engine from Aster of Paris, the leading supplier of engines.
Demise
Revival project
Circa 2020 the Horley Autocar Community Project was announced with the objective:
"... to build a replica of the Horley car, in one of its various forms that were manufactured 1904 to 1914 at the Horley Motor and Engineering premises, Balcombe Rd, Horley."
The project is intended: ... to be managed by students and masters at Oakwood School, Balcombe Rd, Horley.
Literature
David Culshaw, Peter Horrobin: The Complete Catalog of British Cars 1895-1975. Veloce Publishing, Dorchester 1999, ISBN 1-874105-93-6 .
Harald H. Linz, Halwart Schrader : The International Automobile Encyclopedia . United Soft Media Verlag, Munich 2008, ISBN 978-3-8032-9876-8 .
George Nicholas Georgano (Ed.): The Beaulieu Encyclopedia of the Automobile . tape 2 : G-O . Fitzroy Dearborn Publishers, Chicago 2001, ISBN 1-57958-293-1 (English).
See also
List of car manufacturers of the United Kingdom
References
The Motor-Car Journal: The Crystal Palace Automobile Show - Petrol Cars . Ed .: Charles Cordingley. tape V . Cordingley & Co., London February 27, 1904, p. 1012-1022 .
The Motor-Car Journal: The 8-hp Horley Four-seated Car . Ed .: Charles Cordingley. tape VI . Cordingley & Co., London September 10, 1904, p. 582 .
Defunct motor vehicle manufacturers of England
Engineering companies of the United Kingdom
Vintage vehicles
Companies based in Sussex
Horley
Farmers Bank of Fredericksburg, also known as The National Bank of Fredericksburg, is a historic bank building located at Fredericksburg, Virginia. It was built in 1819–20, and is a -story, rectangular red-brick building in the Federal style. It features a slate-covered front gable roof with a lunette window in the front pediment, wide cornice, three pairs of brick chimneys, and engaged pedestal columns with full entablature on the front facade. The front portion of the main floor had been used as a banking house since its construction, while the rooms at the rear and those on the second floor housed the bank's cashiers and their families from 1820 to 1920. In 2016, after completing renovations to the inside of the building, the building was converted into a restaurant while keeping the existing bank vault as a private dining area.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
References
External links
National Bank Building, George Street & Princess Ann Street, Fredericksburg, Fredericksburg, VA: 2 photos and 1 photo caption page at Historic American Buildings Survey
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
Bank buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Federal architecture in Virginia
Commercial buildings completed in 1820
Buildings and structures in Fredericksburg, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg, Virginia
La Grande Rue is an Appellation d'origine contrôlée (AOC) and Grand Cru vineyard for red wine in the Côte de Nuits subregion of Burgundy, with Pinot Noir as the main grape variety.
Wine style
In general its character is feminine rather than powerful. It has some of the character of the neighboring La Tâche, but is more delicate. "The overall style is fruity with fresh, red fruit aromas and gentle tannins ...Young it shows a promising note of petits fruits rouges and hints of blackcurrant. These positive, complex aromas overlay a wine of dimension and substance, with length and finesse; a complete wine without being in any way heavy." It can contain "nuances of raspberry and violet",with a bouquet of "a profusion of flowers" "It gains from being decanted and often delivers wild game aromas ... Age embellishes it"
Geography, cultivation, winemaking, and production
It is situated within the commune of Vosne-Romanée and is a monopole of Domaine Lamarche. It is shaped as a narrow strip running in the east-west direction down the fall-line of the slope, between La Tâche and "les Gaudichots" to the south, and, separated by a narrow road, Aux Reignots, La Romanée, Romanée-Conti, and Romanée-Saint-Vivant to the north; it borders "aux Champs Perdix" upslope to the west. The grand cru appellation occupies an area of 1.6525 hectares, 1.4207 in the historic lieu-dit Grande Rue, and parcels of .2096h and .0222h in "les Gaudichots". The vineyard was principally planted in 1896, 1939, and 1968; 4 ouvrées were torn out in 1950 and again in 1981, 20 in 1968-9.
"François' philosophy was that a fine wine ... should maximize finesse rather than matière; that tannins and stuffing should take second place to charm and elegance ... cuvées rarely passed 13° ... Nicole has made a few changes, notably a longer pre-fermentation cold maceration, made possible by the purchase of better cooling equipment. Fermentationstill takes place in open wooden cuves ... the ideal temperature remains low at 28° and cuvaison lasts on average 12-15 days. The wines are aged for 18-20 months in cask and only racked if reductive aromas develop. They are bottled without fining or filtration ... The amount of new oak is under review. Recently, 100% new barrels have been used in good years; much less in lighter vintages"
Annual production is around 8000 bottles. In 2008, of vineyard surface was in production within the AOC, and 52 hectoliters of wine was produced, corresponding to just under 7,000 bottles.
History
"It owes its name to the path that runs alongside it and which climbs up the plateau. The singular configuration of this place name undoubtedly results from a property having been long ago hemmed in by others ...The archives note 22 ouvrées in La Grande Rue belonging to Richard de Chissey (1450)... these same in 1771 belonging to the family Lamy de Samerey. At this period the Abbé Courtépée cites it as among 'the most distinguished vineyards' of Vosne, at the quality level of Romanée-Saint-Vivant, Varoilles, Tache, Malconsorts and other Echézeaux. ... Dr Lavalle in 1855 ranks it among the first Cuvées behind the Tetes de cuvée, limited to Romanée-Conti, La Romanée, La Tache, and Richebourg, equal to Romanée-Saint-Vivant, Varoilles-sous-Richebourg, Gaudichots, Malconsorts, Suchots. It appears in the 1st Classe (the highest) on the map of the Agricultural Committee of Beaune in 1860" In 1876 it became the property of the Liger-Belair family who sold it at auction to the Lamarche family in 1933, who in turn made it a wedding present to Henri Lamarche. "The original vineyard covered 1.3295 hectares according to Dr Lavalle in 1855. This was more or less the historic, immemorial vineyard. This increased a bit since ensemble ...[sold] to the Lamarche family" was 1.5479 ha.
When the other traditionally top-rated vineyards of Vosne-Romanée were being classified in the 1930s as the AOC system was introduced, owner Henri Lamarche did not apply for Grand Cru status and La Grande Rue therefore remained a Premier Cru: "the explanation is that when the official classification was drawn up they believed there was nothing to be gained except perhaps increased taxes ... the domaine [François Lamarche from 1985] finally succeeded after a long and persistent campaign in persuading the authorities to reclassify it as Grand Cru, chiefly on the ground that it shares the same soil band as its neighbours"; and the INAO approved the dossier on 8–9 November 1989 andbut due to a political delay the actual decree did not go into effect until 8 July 1992. Promotion was retroactive to the 1991 vintage
After producing "splendid wines" in the 1940s, 50s, and 60s, "standards declined in the later years of Henri Lamarche" (from 1973-1984), "and it took François time to turn things around, in particular by reducing yields"
AOC regulations
The main grape variety for La Grande Rue is Pinot noir. The AOC regulations also allow up to 15 per cent total of Chardonnay, Pinot blanc and Pinot gris as accessory grapes, but this is practically never used for any Burgundy Grand Cru vineyard. The permitted base yield is 42 hectoliters per hectare (Change in 2011 from 35), a minimum planting density of 9,000 vines per hectare and a minimum grape maturity of 11.5 per cent potential alcohol is required.
See also
List of Burgundy Grand Crus
References
Burgundy (historical region) AOCs
William Whalen may refer to:
William J. Whalen, American non-fiction religious writer
William J. Whalen III, 10th director of the National Park Service
The 2020 Finnish Athletics Championships () was the year's national outdoor track and field championships for Finland. It was held on 13–16 August at the Paavo Nurmi Stadium in Turku.
Results
Men
Women
References
External links
Finnish Athletics Federation website
Finnish Athletics Championships
Finnish Athletics Championships
Finnish Athletics Championships
Finnish Athletics Championships
Sport in Turku
Simon H. Jefferies (born 11 July 1955) is a British coxswain. They won a gold medal at the 1980 World Rowing Championships in Hazewinkel with the lightweight men's eight. They were the cox for the British men's eight at the 1988 Summer Olympics where they came fourth. They were part of the British eight at the 1975 World Rowing Championships in Nottingham, the crew finished 9th overall after a third-place finish in the B final.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
British male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Coxswains (rowing)
Olympic rowers of Great Britain
Rowers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Partyzancka Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately east of Wojsławice, south of Chełm, and south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
The village has a population of 150.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Topaz is a Polish supermarket Eastern Poland. The company was founded in 1993, by Zbigniew Paczóski, the head office is located in Sokołów Podlaski.
Beginnings
Initially, the company operated from one shop (originally in a converted garage) by the owner, in which they supplied the local residents with basic food and industry products. With time, more stores began to appear.
Topaz Express
In May 2009, the network introduced a new sales style - Topaz Express franchise stores.
Currently
Currently, the network consists of 45 retail outlets in 20 towns and around 30 Topaz Express franchise outlets, a company's confectionery and 2 fuel stations.
References
Polish brands
Supermarkets of Poland
Retail companies established in 1993
The 2008 Hamilton 400 was the third round of the 2008 V8 Supercar season. It was held on the weekend of 18 to 20 April on the streets of Hamilton, in the Waikato region of the North Island of New Zealand.
Race 1
Race 1 was held on Saturday 19 April. Garth Tander took their fourth consecutive win after clean-sheeting at Albert Park. The race wasn't without incident though as Mark Winterbottom and Shane van Gisbergen collided with each other off the start line while Greg Murphy was spun around by Mark Skaife at the exit of turn 1.
The chaos continued into turn 2 when Van Gisbergen locked up while Russell Ingall went down the inside of a Steven Johnson car which caused a collision collecting Paul Morris, Shane Price, Michael Patrizi, Steven Johnson and Craig Lowndes. Johnson, Price and Ingall retired to the pits. Steven Richards had managed to run wide at turn 5 which gave the lead to Tander and gave Rick Kelly second place. The Safety Car was deployed until the end of lap 5. The Safety Car was back on track at the end of that lap though thanks to an incident for Patrizi at turn 7. Most people pulled into the pits except for a few people like Mark Skaife. This decision, forced by HRT's decision to pit Tander first, would cost Skaife dearly later in the race. The Safety Car pulled in on lap 11 and racing resumed.
Jason Richards and Lowndes were both given drive through penalties for pitlane infringements after Murphy pulled into pitlane with a broken steering plate. Murphy returned to the track 2 laps later to the delight of the crowd and Paul Morris had also returned to the track.
Skaife pitted on lap 20 and fell well down the order while Caruso spun their GRM Holden Commodore. Craig Lowndes entered pitlane on lap 26 for a flat tyre when they clipped the tyre bundle at turn 4. Andrew Jones pulled into the garage to retire at lap 30. Van Gisbergen also pitted on lap 33 for some damage and was subsequently lapped. In the end Tander won from Rick Kelly and Steven Richards.
Race 2
Race 2 was held on Sunday 20 April. A fifth consecutive victory for Garth Tander in Race 2.
Race 3
Race 3 was held on Sunday 20 April. Six on the trot wrapped up the round victory for Garth Tander.
Results
Qualifying
Steven Richards gave the big New Zealand crowd something to cheer about, securing pole position in the Ford Performance Racing Falcon after Garth Tander's last-ditch effort fell five hundredths short. Rick Kelly was third fastest ahead of Stone Brothers Racing driver James Courtney. Crowd favourite, Greg Murphy made a welcome return to the top ten in seventh. Michael Caruso, who has struggled since graduating arriving in the V8 Supercar Championship Series, was a top performer, topping one of the practice sessions and backing it up with eighth grid position, three behind their Garry Rogers Motorsport teammate Lee Holdsworth. A heavy practice crash limited Round 2 winner Will Davison's progress to 16th, while Jamie Whincup looked a good bet for pole position until they crashed heavily after contact with Todd Kelly. The car was not repairable and the series points leader was reduced to a spectator for the weekend. A miserable weekend for Triple Eight Race Engineering saw Craig Lowndes qualify back in 21st, caught out by the changeable weather in the first part of qualifying, failing to make the first qualifying cut.
Race 1 results
Race 2 results
Race 3 results
Standings
After round 3 of 14
Support categories
The 2008 Hamilton 400 had four support categories.
References
External links
Official timing and results
Hamilton 400
Hamilton 400
Ham
April 2008 sports events in New Zealand
Andrea Lanzl (born 8 October 1987) is a German ice hockey player for ERC Ingolstadt and the German national team. In February 2020, they surpassed Udo Kiessling to become the all-time leader in international appearances among German national team players (both male and female).
They participated at the 2015 IIHF Women's World Championship.
International career
Lanzl was selected for the Germany women's national ice hockey team in the 2006 and 2014 Winter Olympics. In 2006, they did not record a point in five games. In 2014, they recorded one assist.
Lanzl also played for Germany in the qualifying event for the 2014 Winter Olympics, and the 2010 Olympics
As of 2014, Lanzl has also appeared for Germany at seven IIHF Women's World Championships. Them first appearance came in 2005.
Career statistics
Through 2013–14 season
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Germany
People from Starnberg
Sportspeople from Upper Bavaria
German women's ice hockey forwards
German expatriate ice hockey people
German expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
Linköping HC Dam players
DCT is a digital recording component video videocassette format developed and introduced by Ampex in 1992. It was based on the D1 format, and unlike the uncompressed recording scheme of D1, it was the first digital videotape format to use data compression. Like D1 (and D2), it uses a similar cassette loaded with 3/4" (19mm) width tape.
One of the models of VCR released for the format was the Ampex DCT-1700D.
The type of data compression used by the format, discrete cosine transform (DCT), shares the same acronym as the format, but the meaning is different for the latter (the format's acronym meaning Data Component Technology).
DST (Data Storage Technology), a data-only version of DCT, was also developed by Ampex at the same time for the backup and archiving of data from servers and other enterprise-oriented IT systems.
References
External links
Cutaway view of a DCT VCR
Encyclopedia Pro's entry on DCT
Ampex's History
Videotape
Likoporia () is a village in the municipality of Xylokastro-Evrostina, in south-central Greece. It is situated about 50 km from Corinth, and 75 km from Patras. The greek Motorway 8 (Athens - Corinth - Patras) passes south of the village, and the Proastiakos (Athens - Corinth - Patras) passes through the village.
Likoporia has a lighthouse with light characteristic "FL(2) 16s 10M" (white flashing light with a period of 16 seconds and a range of 10 miles).
References
External links
Official website - Likoporia (in Greek)
Villages in Greece
74th Anti-Aircraft Regiment may refer to:
74th (City of Glasgow) Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery, a British Territorial Army unit formed in Scotland in 1938
74th Heavy Anti-Aircraft Regiment, Royal Artillery, a Regular British Army unit formed in 1947
Paul Soloway (October 10, 1941 – November 5, 2007) was a world champion American bridge player. They won the Bermuda Bowl world team championship five times and won 30 North American Bridge Championships "national"-level events.
Soloway was inducted into the ACBL Hall of Fame in 2002. At the time of their death they held 65,511.92 masterpoints – more than any other player in history, and more than 6000 points ahead of second place.
Early life
Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, Soloway nearly drowned at age three when they fell into a swimming pool at the home of family friend George Raft. They were saved by their uncle, gangster Bugsy Siegel, who jumped into the pool and pulled them out.
Soloway learned to play bridge in college, where they majored in business studies. They first played duplicate bridge in 1962. Shortly after graduation, they became a bridge professional. In 1971, they joined the Dallas Aces bridge team, but left after one year. In 1998 they joined the Nick Nickell team. They lived in Mill Creek, Washington, and died at a hospital in Seattle, Washington, from a heart attack during their treatment for Staphylococcus aureus. They were cremated with a deck of bridge cards in their hand.
Bridge accomplishments
Honors
ACBL Hall of Fame, 2002
Lazard Sportsmanship Award 2001
Awards
ACBL Player of the Year 1998
Barry Crane Top 500 1998
McKenney Trophy 1968, 1969
Mott-Smith Trophy 2002
Fishbein Trophy 1998
Herman Trophy 1976
Wins
Bermuda Bowl (5) 1976, 1977, 1979, 2000, 2003
North American Bridge Championships (30)
Vanderbilt (6) 1969, 1978, 1997, 1998, 2000, 2003
Spingold (9) 1978, 1983, 1986, 1988, 1998, 1999, 2004, 2006, 2007
Reisinger (4) 1976, 1980, 2004, 2005
Grand National Teams (2) 1974, 1976
Open Board-a-Match Teams (1) 1993
Jacoby Open Swiss Teams (3) 1991, 2002, 2006
North American Men's Swiss Teams (1) 1989
Master Mixed Teams (2) 1966, 1987
Life Master Open Pairs (1) 1999
Life Master Men's Pairs (1) 1965
United States Bridge Championships (13)
Open Team Trials (13) 1972, 1974, 1975, 1977, 1979 (Jan), 1979 (Dec), 1984, 1995, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2007
Other notable wins:
Buffett Cup (1) 2006
Cavendish Invitational Pairs (1) 1995
Runners-up
Bermuda Bowl (2) 1975, 2005
World Open Team Olympiad (2) 1972, 1980
North American Bridge Championships (18)
Vanderbilt (3) 1971, 1976, 2002
Spingold (4) 1973, 1990, 1994, 1996
Reisinger (4) 1986, 1990, 1993, 1994
Open Board-a-Match Teams (3) 1995, 1998, 1999
Men's Board-a-Match Teams (2) 1970, 1984
Jacoby Open Swiss Teams (1) 2005
Men's Pairs (1) 1969
United States Bridge Championships (1)
Open Team Trials(1) 1969
Other notable 2nd places:
Cavendish Invitational Teams (5) 1998, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007
Sunday Times Invitational Pairs (1) 1990
References
External links
1941 births
2007 deaths
American contract bridge players
Bermuda Bowl players
People from Los Angeles
People from Seattle
KNM ER 1813 is a skull of the species Homo habilis. It was discovered in Koobi Fora, Kenya by Kamoya Kimeu in 1973, and is estimated to be 1.9 million years old.
Its characteristics include an overall smaller size than other Homo habilis finds, but with a fully adult and typical H. habilis morphology.
It is an adult (the third molars were completely erupted and showed signs of wear) with an estimated cranial capacity of only 510 cc.
The designation indicates specimen 1813, collected from the east shore of Lake Rudolf (now Lake Turkana) for the Kenya National Museums.
See also
List of fossil sites (with link directory)
List of Women (hominid) fossils (with images)
References
Further reading
External links
Archaeology Info
Smithsonian Institution
Homo habilis fossils
Prehistoric Kenya
Buried on Sunday is a Canadian comedy film, released in 1992. Also known as "Northern Extremes", it was directed by Paul Donovan, and written by Donovan and Bill Fleming.
The film stars Paul Gross as Augustus Knickel, the mayor of Solomon Gundy, a fictional island off the coast of Nova Scotia; the island name and film title are taken from a nursery rhyme.
The community is in an economic crisis due to the cod fishing moratorium, but finds its fortunes transformed when an AWOL Russian nuclear submarine surfaces at the island. With only four remaining crewmen, including the former missile programming officer-turned-prisoner (Tommy Sexton) on board, Knickel buys the submarine, discovers a cache of tactical missiles, and subsequently declares the island an independent nuclear power.
The film's cast also includes Mary Walsh, Maury Chaykin, Henry Czerny, Michael Gencher, Andy Jones, Louis Del Grande, and John Dunsworth. It also includes a cameo appearance by Harvey Kirck as a newscaster.
It was nominated for the 1992 Genie award for Best Original Screenplay.
References
External links
1992 films
Films set in Nova Scotia
Films shot in Nova Scotia
English-language Canadian films
Canadian comedy-drama films
Submarine films
1992 comedy-drama films
Canadian satirical films
1992 comedy films
1992 drama films
Films directed by Paul Donovan
Films about World War III
Films about nuclear war and weapons
Canadian political comedy films
1990s English-language films
1990s Canadian films
The finals and the qualifying heats of the men's 200 metres freestyle event at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships were held on Monday 12 January 1998 in Perth, Western Australia.
A Final
B Final
Qualifying heats
See also
1996 Men's Olympic Games 200m Freestyle (Atlanta)
1997 Men's World SC Championships 200m Freestyle (Gothenburg)
1997 Men's European LC Championships 200m Freestyle (Seville)
2000 Men's Olympic Games 200m Freestyle (Sydney)
References
Swimming at the 1998 World Aquatics Championships
William Cunliffe (1897 – 10 August 1942) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1910s, 1920s and 1930s. They played at representative level for Great Britain and England, and at club level for Pemberton Rovers ARLFC (in Pemberton, Lancashire), and Warrington (Heritage № 211), as a , i.e. number 8 or 10, during the era of contested scrums. Cunliffe is a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee.
Background
Cunliffe was born in Wigan, Lancashire, England, and they died aged 45 in Ince-in-Makerfield, Lancashire, England.
Playing career
International honours
Cunliffe was selected to go on the 1920 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand and 1924 Great Britain Lions tour of Australia and New Zealand. They won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1920 against Australia, and New Zealand (2 matches), in 1921-22 against Australia (3 matches), in 1924 against Australia (3 matches), and New Zealand, and in 1926 against New Zealand. and also won caps for England while at Warrington in 1921 against Wales, Other Nationalities, and Australia, in 1922 against Wales, in 1923 against Wales (2 matches), in 1925 against Wales (2 matches), in 1926 against Wales, and Other Nationalities,
Championship Final appearances
Cunliffe played left-, i.e. number 8, in Warrington's 10-22 defeat by Wigan in the Championship Final during the 1925–26 season at Knowsley Road, St. Helens on Saturday 8 May 1926, in front of a crowd of 20,000.
Challenge Cup Final appearances
Cunliffe played left-, i.e. number 8, in Warrington's 3-5 defeat by Swinton in the 1927–28 Challenge Cup Final during the 1927–28 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 14 April 1928, in front of a crowd of 33,909.
Genealogical information
Billy Cunliffe was the older brother of the forward for Warrington (Heritage № 213); Tom Cunliffe, the brothers shared a joint testimonial match in the 1927–28 season.
References
External links
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1887 births
1942 deaths
Broughton Rangers players
Date of birth missing
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Rugby league players from Wigan
Rugby league props
Warrington Wolves players
Landscape with the Fall of Icarus is a painting in oil on canvas measuring currently displayed in the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium in Brussels. It was long thought to be by the leading painter of Dutch and Flemish Renaissance painting, Pieter Bruegel the Elder. However, following technical examinations in 1996 of the painting hanging in the Brussels museum, that attribution is regarded as very doubtful, and the painting, perhaps painted in the 1560s, is now usually seen as a good early copy by an unknown artist of Bruegel's lost original, perhaps from about 1558. According to the museum: "It is doubtful the execution is by Bruegel the Elder, but the composition can be said with certainty to be his", although recent technical research has re-opened the question.
Largely derived from Ovid, the painting is described in W. H. Auden's famous poem "Musée des Beaux-Arts", named after the museum in Brussels which holds the painting, and became the subject of a poem of the same name by William Carlos Williams, as well as "Lines on Bruegel's 'Icarus'" by Michael Hamburger.
Description
In Greek mythology, Icarus succeeded in flying, with wings made by their father Daedalus, using feathers secured with beeswax. Ignoring their father's warnings, Icarus chose to fly too close to the sun, melting the wax, and fell into the sea and drowned. Their legs can be seen in the water just below the ship. The sun, already half-set on the horizon, is a long way away; the flight did not reach anywhere near it. Daedalus does not appear in this version of the painting, though they do, still flying, in the van Buuren one (see left).
The ploughman, shepherd and angler are mentioned in Ovid's account of the legend; they are: "astonished and think to see gods approaching them through the aether", which is not entirely the impression given in the painting. The shepherd gazing into the air, away from the ship, may be explained by another version of the composition (see below); in the original work there was probably also a figure of Daedalus in the sky to the left, at which they stare. There is also a Flemish proverb (of the sort imaged in other works by Bruegel): "And the farmer continued to plough..." (En de boer ... hij ploegde voort") pointing out the ignorance of people to fellow men's suffering. The painting may, as Auden's poem suggests, depict humankind's indifference to suffering by highlighting the ordinary events which continue to occur, despite the unobserved death of Icarus.
Though the world landscape, a type of work with the title subject represented by small figures in the distance, was an established type in Early Netherlandish painting, pioneered by Joachim Patinir, to have a much larger unrelated "genre" figure in the foreground is original and represents something of a blow against the emerging hierarchy of genres. Other landscapes by Bruegel, for example The Hunters in the Snow (1565) and others in that series of paintings showing the seasons, show genre figures in a raised foreground, but not so large relative to the size of the image, nor with a subject from a "higher" class of painting in the background.
However, paintings from the same period by the Antwerp artist Pieter Aertsen had large kitchen or market genre scenes, with large figures in the foreground, and in the distant background a glimpse of a scene from the Life of Christ. Giving more prominence to "low" subject-matter than "high" in the same work is a feature of some Northern Mannerist art, often called "Mannerist inversion". The traditional moral of the Icarus story, warning against excessive ambition, is reinforced by (literally) fore-grounding humbler figures who appear content to fill useful agricultural roles in life.
Attribution
The painting is probably a version of a lost original by Bruegel. A date of c. 1558 has been suggested for the lost original, based on Bruegel's other works; the copy probably comes from the 1560s or soon after. It is in oils whereas Bruegel's other paintings on canvas are in tempera.
The work was unknown until it was bought by the museum in 1912; subsequently another version on panel, generally considered inferior, turned up, which was acquired in 1953 by Daniel van Buuren for their private house, today a museum in Brussels. In this, which excludes the far left and right sides of the composition, Icarus is in the water but Daedelus is still in the air, and the shepherd's gaze is directed at him, explaining one aspect of the composition of the other version. The original would have been Bruegel's only known painting of a mythological subject. The perspective of the ship and figures is not entirely consistent, although this may enhance the power of the composition. Bruegel also produced a design for an engraving with the ship and the two falling figures.
Since its acquisition by the Museum in 1912, its authenticity has been challenged by several specialists, mainly for two reasons: (i) the relatively weak quality of the painting compared to other Bruegels, although this question is complicated by later overpainting; (ii) it is an oil painting on canvas, an exception in the work of Peter Bruegel the Elder who made all their oil paintings on panel.
In 1963, Philippe Roberts-Jones, curator at the museum, and the Bruegel specialist Georges Marlier, hypothesized that an original panel painting had been later moved onto canvas, as was once common.
Scientific tests
In 1998, a mixed team of scientists from the Belgian Royal Institute for Cultural Heritage and the University of Utrecht attempted to solve the authenticity problem by a radiocarbon dating of the canvas that was supposed to be the original support. As mentioned here above, the conclusion of this dating was that P. Bruegel the Elder cannot have painted on this canvas. Later, in 2006, Prof. J. Reisse (Université libre de Bruxelles) challenged this dating on technical grounds.
A sample of blue paint taken from the right edge in 1973 was re-examined by performing analysis such as scanning electron microscopy (SEM) coupled to the energy dispersive X-ray spectroscopy (EDX), which in connection with optical microscopy revealed the following structure and composition. From bottom to top:
Canvas (from transposition);
Oily lead white (adhesive);
Thick oily layer with azurite (repaint);
Chalk ground;
Oily lead white with scarce particles of charcoal;
Oily blue with azurite;
with layers 4 to 6 being original.
The presence of chalk ground under the original blue proves that this is a panel painting transposed on a canvas.
The original blue layer is lead white with azurite containing a few grains of ochre and charcoal. This structure and composition match perfectly those found on other certified panels of Peter Bruegel. Moreover, it is noticeable that the wood charcoal particles are very peculiar, being very long and acicular, exactly the same as those found only in The Census from the same Museum.
Recently, a study of the underdrawing using infrared reflectography has been published. Reflectography is based on the fact that the infrared light penetrates all colors except black. As a result, the drawing, mostly black, can be made visible. The interpretation of these reflectograms is of course more subjective, but in a global way, the drawing from the Fall of Icarus is not really different from other certified works from Peter Bruegel the Elder. This drawing is generally limited to a layout of the elements. Probably because the thin, weakly covering paint on white ground would hide imperfectly a detailed graphism.
A re-interpretation of the reflectograms in agreement with the other analysis suggested the conclusion that the work in the Museum of Fine Arts in Brussels is a panel painting transferred to canvas. The paint layer and maybe also the underdrawing have been severely damaged by this intervention as well as by two more relinings, responsible for the heavy overpainting. In the paint sample remains a fragment with structure and composition matching perfectly the technique of the large panels attributed to Peter Bruegel the Elder. It is therefore unlikely that this version of the Fall of Icarus might be from the hand of a copyist, except perhaps from P. Bruegel the Younger. Conversely, the Van Buuren copy with a different technique cannot be attributed to either Peter Bruegel.
Mentions in other media
The painting is shown in Nicolas Roeg's film The Man Who Fell to Earth (1976), where a character opens a book of paintings to an image of it. On the facing page a description points out that the scene remains calm, the event of the fall hardly noticed. The painting also figures into the Walter Tevis novel on which the film is based. The characters of Newton and Bryce discuss the painting near the end of chapter four.
Eric Steele, whose film The Bridge (2006) documents the suicides of two-dozen people who jumped off the world's most popular suicide site – the Golden Gate Bridge – throughout 2004, has compared images captured in their documentary to those of Bruegel's Landscape With the Fall of Icarus, because the fatal leaps go almost unnoticed by passersby.
Composer Brian Ferneyhough's 1988 chamber work La Chute d'Icare was inspired by the painting:
What this piece attempts to suggest is ... less a reflection on the heroic-tragic dimension of the underlying myth than a transcription of the strange sensation of "already having been" which is brilliantly evoked by Breughel in the view of a world serenely pursuing its own concerns, completely
oblivious to the almost invisible tiny pair of legs waving pathetically out of the water, the only record of the apocalyptic event being a pair of feathers floating disconsolately down in the wake of their erstwhile owner.
The painting features prominently in Frank Ceruzzi's dystopian play Round Went the Wheel (2019), where children take control of the world and use the painting and the Icarus myth as a way to teach the adult population about hubris and the dangers of technology.
The painting was included in the 1980 television series 100 Great Paintings.
The painting is mentioned by W. H. Auden in their 1938 poem, "Musée des Beaux Arts", in which Icarus's fall is perceived by the ploughman as "not an important failure".
The painting is also the subject of the Titus Andronicus song, "Upon Viewing Bruegel's Landscape with the Fall of Icarus":In the painting from the original song, in the corner, you see this tiny guy falling into the ocean. It's been interpreted as: It's a big world, and people go about their business, and little tragedies are happening all the time, and what are you going to do?
— Patrick Stickles, Titus Andronicus
References
Further reading
de Vries, Lyckle, "Bruegel's "Fall of Icarus": Ovid or Solomon?", Simiolus: Netherlands Quarterly for the History of Art, Vol. 30, No. 1/2 (2003), pp. 4–18, Stichting voor Nederlandse Kunsthistorische Publicaties, JSTOR
External links
"Online exhibit" on the painting, from the Royal Museums via Google Arts and Culture
Museum & Gardens Van Buuren, home of the 2nd version
Paintings by Pieter Bruegel the Elder
Collections of the Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium
Ships in art
1550s paintings
Paintings about death
Paintings based on Metamorphoses
Dogs in art
Horses in art
Sheep in art
Maritime paintings
The Bush Mountains is a series of rugged elevations at the heads of the Ramsey and Kosco glaciers in Antarctica.
The Bush Mountains extend from Mount Weir in the west to Anderson Heights overlooking Shackleton Glacier in the east. They were photographed at a distance by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition (Byrd AE) on several flights to the Queen Maud Mountains in November 1929. The mountains were further defined from aerial photographs taken by the USAS (1939–41), US Navy Operation Highjump (1946–47), and USN Operation Deep Freeze (1956–63).
The Bush Mountains were named by US-SCAN, on the recommendation of Rear Admiral Byrd, after James I. Bush, American financier and patron of the Byrd AE, 1928–30.
Features
Geographical features include:
Anderson Heights
Kosco Glacier
McIntyre Promontory
Mincey Glacier
Mount Boyd
Mount Cromie
Ramsey Glacier
References
Queen Maud Mountains
Dufek Coast
St Aidan's Catholic Academy (formerly St Aidan's Catholic School) is a Roman Catholic boys' secondary school and sixth form with academy status, situated in the Ashbrooke area of Sunderland. It caters for boys from ages 11 to 18, providing GCSE and A Level and BTEC qualifications as part of its teaching programme. The school was founded by the Christian Brothers, and is coupled with St Anthony's Girls' Catholic Academy, its sister school which is located nearby.
It is also twinned with St Joseph's Agricultural School In Blama, Sierra Leone.
History
Canon Smith, then parish priest of St Mary's in Sunderland, founded St Mary's Grammar School at Bede Towers in 1928/29. The building on Burdon Road is a villa in Italianate style originally the home of Mayor John Moore. Records show the first schoolmaster, Mr J Goundry, was a layperson.
The Jesuits took over the running of the school in 1935 – two years after taking on Ashbrooke Hall as a retreat for local Catholic men and renaming it Corby Hall. Ashbrooke Hall, in Ashbrooke Road, had originally been built for glassmaker James Hartley in 1864 by architect Thomas Moore, whose masterpiece was Monkwearmouth Station. It later became the home of the Short shipbuilding family, before being taken over by the Jesuits. The original Superior of the teaching staff, and of Corby Hall Retreat House, was Father SJ Whittaker. It was opened on 8 October 1933 by the Bishop of Hexham and Newcastle, Joseph Thorman and closed in 1973.
The school transferred from Bede Towers to The Briery in Ashbrooke Road in 1936 – previously the home of Mr Craven of Craven Ropery. There was a pedestrian tunnel under the road to gardens opposite, which the school later used as a sports ground. The name was then changed to Corby Hall, to avoid confusion with another school. Further confusion arose, however, between Corby Hall and Corby Hall School, so that "an interchange of letters was necessary after each of the mail carrier's rounds," according to Jesuit archives.
Just a year later, in 1937, the name of the school was changed yet again, to Sunderland Catholic College, and in 1939 it became Corby School. The dedication of both Corby School and Corby Hall recalled, according to the Jesuit archives, the historical association of Sunderland with Father Ralph Corby who was captured by Puritans in 1644 and hanged. The name Corby School lasted until 1948 when the Jesuits left and handed running of the school over to the Christian Brothers of Ireland.
It was renamed as St Aidan's RC Grammar School and remained a grammar school until 1973, when a new school block and gymnasium building was completed on the opposite side of Ashbrooke Road and linked to the old school site by a tunnel. At this date the school was reclassified as a comprehensive school, although the last 'grammar school' pupils took their O-levels in 1975. St Aidan's retained the Briery building for use by the sixth form. Ashbrooke House was used as a retreat by the Brothers for many years, but was sold off in the 1970s and demolished to make way for flats.
In April 2013, St Aidan's Catholic School was converted to an academy and renamed St Aidan's Catholic Academy.
Houses and uniform
St Aidan's has forms into which each year is divided. The forms, which form houses are: Aquin and Bede making Ashbrook House, Corby and Fisher making Corby House and More, David and Rice making Brookfield House. The school is split into two main buildings: the main school, which caters mainly for boys up to Year 11, and the Briery, which housed the Sixth Form until the Sixth Form joined with sister school St Anthony's under one umbrella.
Controversy
In 2016, an ex-pupil of St Aidan's school was paid £17,000 compensation by the Congregation of Christian Brothers after claiming two members of the Christian Brothers abused them at school in the 1960s. Other ex-pupils have come forward and made similar claims.
Notable former pupils/teachers
Frank Cook MP - Politician
Tom Coyne – Broadcaster
Kevin Dillon – former Portsmouth, Newcastle United, and Birmingham City footballer.
Dennis Donnini VC – recipient of the Victoria Cross
Mike Elliott – actor
Lee Howey - former Premier League footballer for Sunderland
Steve Howey - former Premier League footballer for Newcastle United and an England international
References
Congregation of Christian Brothers secondary schools
Catholic secondary schools in the Diocese of Hexham and Newcastle
Boys' schools in Tyne and Wear
Secondary schools in the City of Sunderland
Academies in the City of Sunderland
1928 establishments in England
Sunderland
Leslie Palmer (born 17 June 1910, died 1997) was a British water polo player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
They were part of the British team which finished eighth in the 1936 tournament. They played one match, against Austria.
References
External links
1910 births
1997 deaths
British male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Great Britain
Water polo players at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Zoo York may refer to:
Zoo York (Central Park), style and social philosophy inspired by 1970s New York City graffiti art subculture
Zoo York (company), American company focused on the skateboarding market
"Zoo York", a song by Oakenfold from the 2002 album Bunkka
"Zoo York", a song by Lil Tjay from the 2020 EP State of Emergency
See also
Zoo York Wall, former graffiti wall inspired by the graffiti subculture
George Sebastian Kelbel (born 6 August 1992) is a German-Ghanaian footballer who most recently played as a forward for Teutonia Ottensen.
Career
Kelbel made their professional debut for Holstein Kiel in the 3. Liga on 25 October 2013, coming on as a substitute in the 79th minute for Casper Johansen in the 0–0 away draw against SpVgg Unterhaching.
References
External links
Holstein Kiel II statistics at Fussball.de
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Hamburg
German footballers
Ghanaian footballers
German sportspeople of Ghanaian descent
Association football forwards
Altonaer FC von 1893 players
Hamburger SV II players
Holstein Kiel players
Holstein Kiel II players
Goslarer SC 08 players
Berliner AK 07 players
TSV Havelse players
Lüneburger SK Hansa players
TSG Neustrelitz players
FC Rot-Weiß Erfurt players
George Kelbel
George Kelbel
FC Teutonia Ottensen players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
German expatriate footballers
Ghanaian expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Ghanaian expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
Expatriate footballers in Thailand
David Campbell Sings John Bucchino' is the eighth studio album by Australian singer David Campbell, released in June 2014. The album was received critical acclaim and reached #1 on the Australian Jazz Charts.
David and John toured Australian throughout June 2014.
Background
David Campbell was living in New York City in the 1990s and it's there they discovered the work of John Bucchino. The two become friends and have worked together since. This is their first collaborative album.
Reviews
Ben Neutze of The Daily Review gave the album 3.5 out of 5 saying; "Campbell has reunited with long-time collaborator John Bucchino for an album covering music from the New York composer's career; from their work on Broadway, off-Broadway and even their music for the DreamWorks animated film Joseph: King of Dreams. It's an intimate affair, with Campbell's vocals and Bucchino's piano accompaniment the only instruments on the album, bringing to life the “new standards” Bucchino has written for cabaret artists over the last few decades. Their songs are undeniably theatrical, but all work as standalones, existing in their own, individual worlds." adding "The blues-infused What You Need is a thrilling masterclass in vocal storytelling; raw and intimate, and perfectly in-step with Bucchino's accompaniment. Puddle of Love sees the pair tackle jazz with a stunning solo from Bucchino, and Better Than I evoke the best of ‘90s power ballads."
Jacqui James of Gigs n Interviews said; "The album is David using their versatile voice conveying complete happiness ("Taking The Wheel") to utter heartbreak ("If I Ever Say I'm Over You") with John's mesmerising piano capturing the mood brilliantly with each track. Unlike most albums released these days, David Campbell Sings John Bucchino has a very natural and organic sound throughout the eleven tracks. So it's refreshing to basically listen David and John sitting in your living room or bedroom performing for you, giving an intimate experience."
Track listing
CD/DD
"Sweet Dreams" - 4:01
"Something Spontaneous" - 3:40
"Unexpressed" - 3:13
"Puddle Of Love" - 3:16
"Better Than I" - 3:12
"Learn How to Say Goodbye" - 3:50
"It Feels Like Home" - 3:23
"What You Need" - 3:30
"If I Ever Say I'm Over You" - 3:44
"Taking the Wheel" - 4:05
"Grateful" - 4:32
all tracks written by John Bucchino.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Release history
External links
"David Campbell Sings John Bucchino" by David Campbell at Discogs
References
2014 albums
Covers albums
David Campbell (Australian musician) albums
Social Family Records albums
The Latvian records in swimming are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from Latvia, which are recognised and ratified by Latvijas Peldesanas Federacija.
All records were set in finals unless noted otherwise.
Long Course (50 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Short Course (25 m)
Men
Women
Mixed relay
Notes
See also
List of Baltic records in swimming
References
General
Latvian Long Course Records - Men 21 June 2022
Latvian Long Course Records - Women 21 June 2022
Latvian Short Course Records - Men 21 June 2019
Latvian Short Course Records - Women 11 February 2022
Specific
External links
Latvijas Peldesanas Federacija web site
National records in swimming
Records
Swimming records
Swimming
Walt Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean (Disneyland Records ST-3937) was the first soundtrack album from the original Disneyland attraction. The first side features the story of the attraction narrated by Thurl Ravenscroft) and the second side has several seafaring tunes sung by Ravenscroft.
Track listing
"A Pirates Journey"
"Down with the Ship"
"Cursed Treasure and Hearts"
"Davy Jone's Locker"
"Asleep in the Dirt"
"The Captain's Deck"
"Yo Ho (A Pirate's Life for Me)"
1966 soundtrack albums
Disneyland Records soundtracks
Pirates of the Caribbean music
Richard Lorenz (9 February 1858 – 4 August 1915) was a German artist known for their paintings of scenes from the Western United States. They specialized in painting horses.
Early life
Richard Lorenz was born on 9 February 1858 in Voigtstedt, Germany. At 15 years old they were sent to the Royal Academy of Art in Weimar, Germany, to study sculpture and drawing with Heinrich Albert Brendel who specialized in drawing horses and other animals. In Weimar, Lorenz also studied art as a student of German artist Theodor Hagen. They spent eight years in the Weimar Art School and they won the Carl Alexander art prize twice. They moved to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1885.
Career
In 1885 Lorenz began working with a group of panoramist artists in Milwaukee. Their contribution on the large canvases was to paint horses, and they became a specialist in painting them. In 1887 Lorenz left the group and traveled in the western United States sketching scenes from the west. When they returned to Milwaukee in 1891, they taught at the Milwaukee School of Art and began painting scenes based on their sketches. In 1906 they won the Osborn Prize for the best painting (American Subject). The prize came with a $1000 award.
They were a member of the Society of Western Artists. The American Museum of Western Art – The Anschutz Collection houses their most famous painting, which is called Burial on the Plains ( 1890).
Lorenz took risks to get the best perspective for paintings. In 1896 they climbed a tree to sketch some workers cutting down trees in Star Lake, Wisconsin. One of the trees that was cut down fell in Lorenz's direction: they jumped from the tree and broke their leg. The Chicago Tribune reported that Lorenz jumped a distance of twenty feet in order to escape instant death.
Death
Lorenz died on 4 August 1915 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, after suffering a stroke. Lorenz was 57 years old when they died and they were not married.
In 2005 they were posthumously awarded a Wisconsin Visual Art Achievement Award.
Gallery
References
External links
1858 births
1915 deaths
German artists
Artists from Milwaukee
Artists from Thuringia
The International Year of Biodiversity (IYB) was a year-long celebration of biological diversity and its importance, taking place internationally in 2010. Coinciding with the date of the 2010 Biodiversity Target, the year was declared by the 61st session of the United Nations General Assembly in 2006.
It was meant to help raise awareness of the importance of biodiversity through activities and events, to influence decision makers, and "to elevate biological diversity nearer to the top of the political agenda".
Background
The United Nations General Assembly declared 2010 as the International Year of Biodiversity (Resolution 61/203). This year coincided with the 2010 Biodiversity Target adopted by the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity and by Heads of State and government at the World Summit for Sustainable Development in Johannesburg in 2002.
The Secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), based in Montreal, Canada, was coordinating the International Year of Biodiversity campaign.
Established at the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro in 1992, the Convention on Biological Diversity is an international treaty for the conservation and sustainable use of biodiversity and the equitable sharing of the benefits of biodiversity. The CBD has near-universal participation, with 193 Parties.
Main goals in UN view
The main goals of the International Year of Biodiversity were to:
Enhance public awareness of the importance of conserving biodiversity and of the underlying threats to biodiversity
Raise awareness of the accomplishments to save biodiversity that had been realized by communities and governments
Promote innovative solutions to reduce the threats to biodiversity
Encourage individuals, organizations and governments to act immediately to halt biodiversity loss
Start dialog between stakeholders for what to do in the post-2010 period
Slogan
Biodiversity is life. Biodiversity is our life.
See also
United Nations Decade on Biodiversity (2011–20)
International Year of Forests (2011)
Convention on Biological Diversity COP10 Nagoya Protocol (2010)
2010 in science
References
The information above, for the most part, is based on the official websites of the Convention on Biological Diversity and of the International Year of Biodiversity.
External links
International Year of Biodiversity
Convention on Biological Diversity
Internet sources for the International Year of Biodiversity (by vifabio)
Biodiversity, International Year of
Biodiversity
Environmental science
2010 in international relations
2010 in science
2010 in the environment
Convention on Biological Diversity
Alguien Te Mira (Someone's Watching You) is an American Spanish-language telenovela produced by United States-based television network Telemundo. This thriller/mystery film is a remake of Chilean telenovela Alguien te mira produced by TVN in 2007.
Telemundo aired this series during the 2010–2011 season, from Monday to Friday over about 26 weeks. As with most of its other telenovelas, the network broadcasts English subtitles as closed captions on CC3. The series was filmed and set in Chicago, although some scenes were filmed in studios in Miami.
This show's jazzy, English-language recurring theme is You Still Love Me, performed by Ray Chang.
Plot
Chicago 2005—Rodrigo Quintana, Piedad Estévez, Julián García and Benjamín Morandé are inseparable friends. Full of ideals and projects for the future, they study medicine and dream of working together to help those most in need. Rodrigo (Christian Meier) is the most intelligent and natural leader of the group. Their personality conquered Piedad (Danna García) with whom they live an intense and stormy love, while Julián (Rafael Amaya) loves them in silence. But the intensity of Quintana added to its addiction to drugs and alcohol ended up deteriorating its relationship with Piedad. To the point that disappears of their lives after a confused incident that leaves a dead person and to Piedad hospitalized. Rodrigo left their friends and their studies to go to a rehabilitation clinic outside the country.
Chicago 2010–5 years later and when Benjamín (David Chocarro) married Tatiana Wood (Géraldine Bazán), Julián and Piedad have forgotten that time, Rodrigo returns to their lives. Members of the Clinic, Chicago Advanced Clinic, the three doctors discover that the return of Rodrigo Quintana, after years of residence in Europe, continues to disturb them. Friends have changed. While Quintana opted for an austere lifestyle in a rural office, their friends have accumulated a small fortune by operating the eyes of high society. Their return also causes a break in the routine of Piedad, who will discover that, despite everything, Rodrigo is still the great love of their life.
Shortly afterwards a series of murders began to occur to women and all agreed that the murdered woman was single mother and of good economic position. Some begin to suspect others. Only one of them is the real killer.
Cast
Main
Danna García as Piedad Estévez
Christian Meier as Rodrigo Quintana
Rafael Amaya as Julián García Correa
David Chocarro as Benjamín Morandé
Géraldine Bazán as Tatiana Wood
Karla Monroig as Matilde Larraín
Angélica Celaya as Eva Zanetti
Rodrigo de la Rosa as Pedro Pablo Peñafiel
Ximena Duque as Camila Wood
Yul Bürkle as Mauricio Ostos
Evelin Santos as Luisa Carvajal
Diana Franco as Dolores "Lola" Morandé
Carlos Garín as Fiscal Ángel Maldonado
Alba Raquel Barros as Yolanda Montoya / Yoyita
Iván Hernández as Jiménez
Andrés Mistage as Amador Sánchez
Cynthia Olavarria as Lucía "Lucy" Saldaña
Roberto Gatica as Nicolás Gordon
Andrés Cotrino as Emilio García Larraín
Sofía Sanabria as Amparo Zanetti
Ariana Muniz as María Jesús Peñafiel Morandé
Nicole Arci as María Teresa Peñafiel Morandé
Natalie Medina as María Esperanza Peñafiel Morandé
Daniel Fernández as Benjamín "Benjita" Morandé
Emily Alvarado as Isadora "Isa" Morandé
Carolina Tejera as Valeria Stewart
Special guest stars
Arianna Coltellacci as Blanca Gordon
Yami Quintero as Angela Argento
Zuleyka Rivera as Rocío Lynch
Riczabeth Sobalvarro as Daniela Franco
Héctor Soberón as Daniel Vidal
Cristina Figarola as Fabiola Correa
Jorge Hernández as Edward James Sandberg
Victoria del Rosal as Amalia Vieyra
Awards and nominations
References
External links
2010 telenovelas
2010 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
American television series based on telenovelas
RTI Producciones telenovelas
Spanish-language American telenovelas
Telemundo telenovelas
Television series by Universal Television
American television series based on Chilean television series
In mathematical knot theory, a link is a collection of knots which do not intersect, but which may be linked (or knotted) together. A knot can be described as a link with one component. Links and knots are studied in a branch of mathematics called knot theory. Implicit in this definition is that there is a trivial reference link, usually called to unlink, but the word is also sometimes used in context where there is no notion of a trivial link.
For example, a co-dimension 2 links in 3-dimensional space is a subspace of 3-dimensional Euclidean space (or often the 3-sphere) whose connected components are homeomorphic to circles.
The simplest nontrivial example of a link with more than one component is called the Hopf link, which consists of two circles (or unknots) linked together once. The circles in
the Borromean rings are collectively linked despite the fact that no two of them are directly linked. The Borromean rings thus form a Brunnian link and in fact constitute the simplest such link.
Generalizations
The notion of a link can be generalized in a number of ways.
General manifolds
Frequently the word link is used to describe any submanifold of the sphere diffeomorphic to a disjoint union of a finite number of spheres, .
In full generality, the word link is essentially the same as the word knot – the context is that one has a submanifold M of a manifold N (considered to be trivially embedded) and a non-trivial embedding of M in N, non-trivial in the sense that the 2nd embedding is not isotopic to the 1st. If M is disconnected, the embedding is called a link (or said to be linked). If M is connected, it is called a knot.
Tangles, string links, and braids
While (1-dimensional) links are defined as embeddings of circles, it is often interesting and especially technically useful to consider embedded intervals (strands), as in braid theory.
Most generally, one can consider a tangle – a tangle is an embedding
of a (smooth) compact 1-manifold with boundary into the plane times the interval such that the boundary is embedded in
().
The type of tangle is the manifold X, together with a fixed embedding of
Concretely, a connected compact 1-manifold with boundary is an interval or a circle (compactness rules out the open interval and the half-open interval neither of which yields non-trivial embeddings since the open end means that they can be shrunk to a point), so a possibly disconnected compact 1-manifold is a collection of n intervals and m circles The condition that the boundary of X lies in
says that intervals either connect two lines or connect two points on one of the lines, but imposes no conditions on the circles.
One may view tangles as having a vertical direction (I), lying between and possibly connecting two lines
( and ),
and then being able to move in a two-dimensional horizontal direction ()
between these lines; one can project these to form a tangle diagram, analogous to a knot diagram.
Tangles include links (if X consists of circles only), braids, and others besides – for example, a strand connecting the two lines together with a circle linked around it.
In this context, a braid is defined as a tangle which is always going down – whose derivative always has a non-zero component in the vertical (I) direction. In particular, it must consist solely of intervals, and not double back on itself; however, no specification is made on where on the line the ends lie.
A string link is a tangle consisting of only intervals, with the ends of each strand required to lie at (0, 0), (0, 1), (1, 0), (1, 1), (2, 0), (2, 1), ... – i.e., connecting the integers, and ending in the same order that they began (one may use any other fixed set of points); if this has ℓ components, we call it an "ℓ-component string link". A string link need not be a braid – it may double back on itself, such as a two-component string link that features an overhand knot. A braid that is also a string link is called a pure braid, and corresponds with the usual such notion.
The key technical value of tangles and string links is that they have algebraic structure. Isotopy classes of tangles form a tensor category, where for the category structure, one can compose two tangles if the bottom end of one equals the top end of the other (so the boundaries can be stitched together), by stacking them – they do not literally form a category (pointwise) because there is no identity, since even a trivial tangle takes up vertical space, but up to isotopy they do. The tensor structure is given by juxtaposition of tangles – putting one tangle to the right of the other.
For a fixed ℓ, isotopy classes of ℓ-component string links form a monoid (one can compose all ℓ-component string links, and there is an identity), but not a group, as isotopy classes of string links need not have inverses. However, concordance classes (and thus also homotopy classes) of string links do have inverses, where inverse is given by flipping the string link upside down, and thus form a group.
Every link can be cut apart to form a string link, though this is not unique, and invariants of links can sometimes be understood as invariants of string links – this is the case for Milnor's invariants, for instance. Compare with closed braids.
See also
Hyperbolic link
Unlink
Link group
References
Manifolds
Clarence Nichols Hickman (–) was a physicist who worked on rockets with Robert Goddard.  They are known for developing the bazooka man-portable recoilless antitank rocket launcher weapon, and the American Piano Company Model B player piano.  They are also known as the "Father of Scientific Archery".
Life
Early life
Clarence Hickman was born on a farm established by their grandfather Leak on . The nearest town was Lizton, Indiana to the south. Clarence and their siblings attended the Leak country school until 1898, when the family moved northward to the Job Hadley farm, where the children attended another country school. In both residences, Clarence pursued an interest in archery, playing with bows and arrows made by their father. By their own account, The arrows had heavy heads so that we did not need feathers to guide the arrow.... We boys shot fish with bows, using umbrella staves as arrows. I well remember that I could not understand why we had to aim under the fish to hit it. It was not until I attended high school, where I learned about refraction of light, that I understood this phenomenon.
In 1900 the family moved to the Mappen farm, just west of Jamestown, Indiana. While living there, Hickman developed an interest in photography and music. An acquaintance, Stanley Hendricks, owned a photographic studio in nearby Jamestown. Hickman credits Hendricks with "having a profound influence on my life at a later date".
In 1903, Hickman's father bought a farm north of Martinsville, Indiana. Prior to that, the family had been renters. Hickman continued to pursue their interests in music and photography, practicing guitar and accepting payment for taking pictures. Hickman completed the 8th grade in 1904, and then took 8th grade again because there was no other school to continue their education. Their parents, who wanted their children to be able to attend high school, sold the farm in 1905 and moved to another farm west of Jamestown, where Hickman attended high school. They obtained work as a professional photographer, including work as the official photographer for the Standard Oil Company. They also began working for Stanley Hendricks, who had sold their photography business and opened a clothing store in Jamestown.
Early career
In 1906, Hickman's father bought a smaller, eight-acre farm with a large house south of Jamestown, and moved their family there. By that time, the family was smaller, as two of Hickman's brothers had moved out. Hickman continued studying at the Jamestown High School as well as studying German at home. In 1908 Stanley Hendricks had opened a clothing store in Waynetown and offered Hickman a job clerking the store, along with an opportunity to complete their high school education in Waynetown. Hickman graduated from Waynetown High School in 1909 and continued clerking full-time in the clothing store until 1910, when they accepted a teaching position in the Waynetown public schools, teaching 7th and 8th grades. During this time they learned to play the clarinet, and continued their interest in magic, suspending their teaching job to give performances as "The Hoosier Magician" in churches and opera houses in Waynetown and Hillsboro.
In 1911, Hickman was offered a new teaching position at nearly double their previous salary, to teach mathematics, physics, botany, and German at Jamestown High School.
Education
Hickman received their Bachelor of Arts degree in physics and mathematics from Winona College in Winona Lake, Indiana.
In 1917, Hickman began pursuing their master's degree at Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts. Their work at the university had a focus on rocket development. At Clark, Hickman met rocket scientist Robert Goddard, who was head of Clark's physics department at the time, and with whom Hickman continued working after graduation.
Career
After graduating from Clark University, Hickman worked at the Mount Wilson Observatory with Robert Goddard, where they continued research and development on rockets intended for use during World War I. During this period, Hickman lost several fingers from their left hand and parts of fingers from their right hand due to an explosion of a rocket charge (subsequently they developed a modification to a clarinet to allow them to continue playing it). Hickman later worked for a short time demonstrating their rockets at the Aberdeen Proving Grounds, and afterward joined the Bureau of Standards, then afterward they developed submarine mines at the Washington Navy Yard.
In particular, working alongside Robert Goddard in 1918, Hickman helped develop a man-portable recoilless antitank rocket launcher (later known as the bazooka), although the war ended before finishing development of the missile. Hickman eventually did guide this development to completion during World War II.
During the 1920s, Hickman then worked for the American Piano Company (also known as Ampico), improving the company's player piano products. The inventor of the Ampico piano, Charles Fuller Stoddard, needed a physicist and mathematician to develop improvements to reproducing instruments as well as manufacturing aspects of automatic pianos. They employed Hickman in this role at a research laboratory that Ampico established in 1924 at the Chickering Hall in New York. Hickman's work enabled the development of Ampico's dynamic recording machine and the Model 'B' player piano. Author Larry Givens wrote: Dr. Hickman's employment with American Piano Company, from 1924 through the end of 1929, may accurately be said to represent the only period in the history of the player piano industry in which real scientific methodology was applied to the development of the player piano. Most development work in the industry had theretofore consisted of scratch-paper sketches and empirical constructing of models with hopes that they would function! For their achievements at Ampico, Hickman was inducted into the Automatic Musical Instruments Collector's Association Hall of Fame in 1976.
When the Great Depression forced the research department to close, Hickman joined Bell Telephone Acoustical Laboratories. At Bell, they renewed their interest in the physics of archery, performing laboratory experiments and publishing several papers in archery journals. They also invented a method of making silk backing for bows. Also at Bell, Hickman developed metal tape recording, devices for analyzing speech patterns, and new methods of telephone switching.
During World War II, while in their position as director at Bell Labs, Hickman headed Section H of Division 3 (Rocket Ordnance) of the National Defense Research Committee. In that position they guided rocket development in various organizations, leading to completing the development and fielding of the bazooka in 1941, which they had started with Goddard during the First World War.
Hickman retired from Bell in 1950 and began working at the Sandia National Laboratory in Albuquerque, New Mexico, working on guided missiles. They lived in New York as a consultant to industrial companies until their death in 1981.
Awards
Hickman authored numerous papers and received several awards, including:
U.S. Medal for Merit (1948) for rocketry developments during World War II
National Archery Association Thompson Medal of Honor (1950)
Automatic Musical Instruments Collector's Association Hall of Fame (1976)
John Price Wetherill Medal from The Franklin Institute for contributions in several fields including rocketry, telephony, sound recording, and archery
Dean Emeritus, The World Archery Center (TWAC)
References
Rocket scientists
1889 births
1981 deaths
Clark University alumni
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Medal for Merit recipients
People from Hendricks County, Indiana
My Cute Fiend Sweet Princess is Kimya Dawson's second solo album, released concurrently with Knock Knock Who? in 2003.
Track listing
"Chemistry"
"Velvet Rabbit"
"Hadlock Padlock"
"Being Cool"
"Anthrax"
"The Beer"
"Will You Be Me?"
"Everything's Alright"
"For Katie"
References
Kimya Dawson albums
2003 albums
Important Records albums
Odontopacha fenestrata is a moth of the family Lasiocampidae. The species was first described by Per Olof Christopher Aurivillius in 1909. It is found in Somalia and Tanzania.
References
Moths described in 1909
Lasiocampidae
Moths of Africa
Fauna of Somalia
Insects of Tanzania
Christ Church, Wolverhampton is a former parish church in the Church of England in Wolverhampton
History
The church was built in 1867 to designs of the local architect Edward Banks. The aisles were added in 1869 and the church was consecrated on 3 November 1870 by the Bishop of Lichfield. The chancel was added in 1887. The chancel was decorated with wall paintings in 1903 by J. Edie Read and Wyndham Hughes. A chapel and vestries were completed in 1906. The tower was never completed.
A parish was assigned out of St Andrew's Church, Wolverhampton on 27 October 1876.
It was made redundant and demolished in 1975 and a Mosque was built on the site.
Organ
The church had a pipe organ by J.W. Walker and Sons. A specification of the organ can be found on the National Pipe Organ Register.
References
Church of England church buildings in the West Midlands (county)
Churches completed in 1867
Hwang Hak-Sun (born October 10, 1976) is a North Korean football player.
Club statistics
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Association football people from Saitama Prefecture
North Korean footballers
J2 League players
Japan Football League players
Mito HollyHock players
Kataller Toyama players
Association football midfielders
Heriberto Ramón Morales Cortés (born 10 March 1975) is a Mexican former footballer who played as a defender.
Morales began their career with Monarcas Morelia in the 1995-96 season, playing as a central or left-sided defender. By 1996, they had become a starter for the majority of Morelia's matches, and they stayed with the club through 2002, winning the Invierno 2000 championship in the process. In 2003, they moved to Chivas, playing one year there, and they spent their last career years playing for Chiapas. Morales ended their Mexico league top-tier career with Jaguares in 2007.
They scored the goal in the penalty shootout that won the championship for Morelia against Toluca in 2000.
In addition, Morales earned 12 caps for the Mexico national team. They were called by national coach Javier Aguirre for the 2001 Copa America, appearing in five matches as Mexico advanced to the final. Morales also appeared in three qualifiers for the 2002 FIFA World Cup, scoring an own goal against Jamaica on September 2, 2001 and starting subsequent matches against Trinidad & Tobago and Costa Rica. Although they played in several preparation matches prior to the World Cup, Morales was not included in Aguirre's final 23-man squad.
Honours
Morelia
Mexican Primera División: Invierno 2000
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
Liga MX players
Atlético Morelia players
Association football defenders
Mexico international footballers
2001 Copa América players
Sportspeople from Morelia
Footballers from Michoacán
Chiapas F.C. footballers
C.D. Guadalajara footballers
Mexican footballers
Captain Richard Rundle Burges (or Burgess; 10 September 1754 – 11 October 1797) was a Royal Navy officer noted for their actions in the Battle of Camperdown, where they perished while commanding .
Career
Burges was commissioned as a lieutenant in the Royal Navy on 21 November 1772. While serving on during the Anglo-French War, they were injured in the action of 18 October 1782 against the French ship .
As commander
Burges was posted as commander on 7 December 1782. They commanded a series of ships with this rank:
HMS Keppel (7–15 December 1782)
HMS Vaughan (15 December 1782 – 12 May 1783)
HMS Savage (23 June 1786 – 13 Aug 1790)
As captain
The Commissioned Sea Officers of the Royal Navy listed Burges as a captain on 21 September 1790, after which they commanded a series of warships:
Ferret
Culloden
Argo
Ardent
As captain of Culloden, a 74-gun ship of the line, Burges participated in the Glorious First of June, where their ship suffered seven casualties (two dead and five wounded).
Burges gained command of Ardent, a third-rate 64-gun ship of the line, in 1797.
Battle of Camperdown and death
On 11 October, they participated in the Battle of Camperdown where they would lose their lives. Serving under Admiral Adam Duncan, Burges and Ardent joined the northern of two divisions in the British fleet—including Duncan's flagship Venerable—which aimed for the Dutch flagship Vrijheid. When Venerable diverted south, Ardent attacked the larger Vrijheid alone. There they suffered more than a hundred casualties, including Burges himself, who was cut in two by a chain shot in the first ten minutes of battle. During the fight, Burges' men "fought like maniacs." Ardent suffered the most casualties of any British ship, over 12% of the total British losses in battle. In 1802, Burges was honored with a monument in St. Paul's Cathedral in London, documenting their action in the battle.
References
Posthumous engraving of Burges at the National Portrait Gallery
Service record at threedecks.org
Biography at morethannelson.com
Commission and Warrant Book 6/23, 1783–1789 Aug.
British Warships in the Age of Sail 1714–1792: Design, Construction, Careers and Fates (2007)
1754 births
1797 deaths
Royal Navy personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
Dubautia kenwoodii, the Kalalau rim dubautia, is an "extremely rare" species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae. It is endemic to Hawaii where it is known only from the island of Kauai. Only one plant has ever been seen: the type specimen. A part of this plant was collected in 1991 and the individual was described as a new species in 1998. It was federally listed as an endangered species of the United States in 2010. Like other Dubautia this plant is known as na`ena`e.
This member of the silversword alliance was discovered growing on a cliff along the Kalalau Rim adjacent to the Kalalau Valley on Kauai. The single plant was examined and collected by the biologist Ken Wood, who rappelled down the cliff to view it. It was later described to science and named for him. After Hurricane Iniki in 1992 this specimen was absent and feared extirpated. Biologists are hopeful that more individuals of this "exceedingly rare" and "critically endangered" plant will be located as more of Kauai is surveyed.
The only known specimen of the plant was described as a shrub half a meter tall with oppositely arranged leaves up to 12 centimeters long by 2 wide. The blades are shiny on top and more pale on the undersides. The flower heads contain several flowers which turn "rusty yellow in age".
References
kenwoodii
Endemic flora of Hawaii
Biota of Kauai
Plants described in 1998
State Route 108 (SR 108) is a state route that runs between SR 15 and the Michigan state line in the US state of Ohio. Most of the route is a rural two-lane highway and passes through both farmland and residential properties.
The highway was first signed in 1938 on much the same alignment as today. SR 108 replaced the SR 33 and SR 188 designation of the highway which dated back to 1923. SR 188 ran between Ottawa and Holgate and SR 33 ran between Holgate and the Michigan state line. Some of the highway was paved in 1923, with the rest of the route being paved in 1929.
Route description
SR 108 begins at an intersection with SR 15, in rural Putnam County. The highway heads north as a two-lane highway, passing through farmland, with a few houses. The route has an intersection with SR 613, followed by enter the town of Miller City. In Miller City the road has an at-grade crossing with a Norfolk Southern Railroad track. After the tracks the route passes through residential properties, before leaving Miller City. The route heads north entering Henry County. The highway enters Holgate and the roadway curves northeast, passing through residential properties. The road crosses a set of CSX Railroad tracks, before entering downtown Holgate. In downtown Holgate the road turns northwest, passing commercial businesses, before turning northeast. After turning northeast the highway leaves downtown and passes through residential properties on the north side of Holgate. Before leaving the town of Holgate is an intersection with SR 18. Northeast of Holgate the route passes through rural farmland and has an intersection with SR 281.
After SR 281, SR 108 curves due north towards Napoleon. The highway enters Napoleon, passing through residential properties and curving northwest. After curving northwest the route begins a concurrency with SR 110. The concurrency crosses over the Maumee River and enters downtown Napoleon. After the bridge end is an intersection with the former SR 424 (Riverview Avenue); this intersection is the western terminus of SR 110. In downtown Napoleon, the highway passes through commercial type business, before turning southwest onto Clinton Street. At a five-way intersection SR 108 turns northwest, onto Scott Street, leaving downtown Napoleon. The roadway heads northwest passing through an residential area of town. At a traffic light with Lagrange Street the route curves due north, passing through commercial businesses. The road has an interchange with U.S. Route 6 (US 6) and US 24, before leaving Napoleon. The road leaves Napoleon heading due north passing through rural farmland, with some houses, heading towards Wauseon. The roadway enters Wauseon, passing through a mostly residential area.
The highway passes under some Norfolk Southern Railroad tracks. After passing under the tracks the route begins a concurrency with SR 2. The concurrency continues due north through residential properties, before entering commercial use properties. At an intersection with US 20A the concurrency ends with SR 2 turning east concurrent with US 20A and SR 108 turning west concurrent with US 20A. SR 108 and US 20A head west passing through commercial and residential properties. On the northwest side of Wauseon the concurrency with US 20A ends, with SR 108 turning due north and US 20A continuing due west. North of US 20A, SR 108 leaves Wauseon and enters farmland, with some businesses and houses. The road has an intersection with the Ohio Turnpike, in rural Dover Township. The route heads north toward US 20, where SR 108 turns west concurrent with US 20. The two routes head west passing through farmland, before SR 108 turns due north leaving the concurrency. SR 108 heads north passing farmland, before ending at the Michigan state line, south of Morenci. The roadway continues north as M-156.
The section of SR 108 between the Ohio Turnpike and US 20 is part of the National Highway System, a system of routes important to the nation's economy, mobility and defense. The highway is maintained by the Ohio Department of Transportation (ODOT). ODOT's 2011 annual average daily traffic (AADT) calculations showed that the lowest traffic levels were present at the Michigan state line, where only 1,160 vehicles used the highway daily; the peak traffic volume was 12,210 vehicles AADT along a section that is concurrent with SR 110.
History
The route that SR 108 takes today was signed in 1923 as SR 188 south of Holgate and SR 33 north of Holgate. The route north of Holgate as paved in this year. By 1929, SR 188 was paved. SR 108 was signed in 1938 on the same route as today. No significant changes have taken place to this state route since 1938. In March 2020, a bill was signed into law naming SR 108 through Henry County the Alene Duerk Memorial Highway, named for Alene Duerk, the first female admiral in the U.S. Navy who grew up in Holgate.
Major intersections
References
External links
108
Transportation in Putnam County, Ohio
Transportation in Henry County, Ohio
Transportation in Fulton County, Ohio
Armenia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Delegation
The country sent a team of 2 athletes, both women, to the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
Powerlifting
Swimming
Women
See also
Armenia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Armenian sport
St John's Theological College, Melbourne was an Australian educational institution in Melbourne, established in 1906 and closed in 1919. It trained candidates for ordination in the Church of England in Australia.
History
The college took over buildings formerly occupied by a private school, Cumloden College, located at 195-201 Alma Road, St Kilda East. The college opened in 1906. The future Bishop of Bathurst (1911–28) and Newcastle (1928-30), George Long was offered the position of warden on the establishment of the college, but declined. St John's had a focus on training non-graduates for ordination. The college was Anglo-Catholic and was closed in 1919 for churchmanship reasons in the Diocese of Melbourne, the evangelical Ridley College having opened in 1910. After the college closed, the buildings were sold and demolished.
In 1908, two students at St John's decided to form a religious community, the Association of the Divine Call, with three-year vows of celibacy. The two students were Maurice Richard Daustini Kelly and Gerard Kennedy Tucker. Tucker had previously studied for ordination at St Wilfrid's Theological College, Cressy. At the time (1906 to 1907), the warden of St Wilfred's was Nugent Kelly, the father of Maurice. Three other students joined. The establishment of the association received a lukewarm response from Archbishop Lowther Clarke and, after ordination to the diaconate in 1910, the members of the community went their own ways. Kelly became a member of the Community of the Ascension in Goulburn in 1921, but died just five years later. Tucker went on to found the Brotherhood of St Laurence in 1930 and the Food for Peace Campaign in 1953 (which eventually became Oxfam Australia).
The nearby Anglo-Catholic church, St James the Great, St Kilda East, began as a small community worshipping in the college chapel.
Wardens
Reginald Stephen, 1906–14. Concurrently Dean of Melbourne, 1910–14; Bishop of Tasmania, 1914–19; Bishop of Newcastle, 1919–28.
James Roy Norman, 1908-09 (acting).
John Stephen Hart, 1914–19. Dean of Melbourne, 1919–27; Bishop of Wangaratta, 1927–42.
Notable alumni
Martin Boyd, novelist, brother of Merric Boyd. Boyd did not proceed to ordination.
Merric Boyd, artist, brother of Martin Boyd. Boyd did not proceed to ordination.
Fr John Hope, Rector of Christ Church St Laurence, Sydney, 1926–64
The Rt Revd William Johnson, Dean of Newcastle, 1928–36; Bishop of Ballarat, 1936–60.
Fr Maurice Kelly, co-founder of the Community of the Ascension
Fr Gerard Tucker, founder of the Brotherhood of St Laurence and the Food for Peace Campaign
See also
Australian College of Theology
Moore Theological College
Trinity College Theological School
References
Anglican seminaries and theological colleges
Former theological colleges in Australia
Education in Melbourne
1906 establishments in Australia
Educational institutions disestablished in 1919
Afya Foundation is a 501(c)(3) not-for-profit organization based in Yonkers, New York. It was founded in 2007 by Danielle Butin, MPH, OTR after a trip to Tanzania, where they encountered the dire circumstances and severely limited medical resources of their medical clinics. Afya, which means "good health" in Swahili seeks to spread "Good Health Through Giving," and does so by providing medical supplies, consumables, sustainable equipment, and community outreach supplies to international health clinics.
Mission
The primary goal of Afya is to bring good health to those who need it most. One way in which it accomplishes this goal is by collecting donations of surplus medical supplies from New York hospitals. These supplies are stored temporarily in the Yonkers warehouse until volunteers load them into 40 foot containers bound for various international locations. Afya tailors its shipments to the needs of specific communities by maintaining an up-to-date computer-based inventory menu from which international health organizations and professionals can self-select medical supplies from the warehouse via the web.
Programs
Shipments of Supplies: Afya has sent over 30 supply filled 40 foot containers to Haiti, Ghana, Ethiopia, Rwanda, Malawi, and Sierra Leone. Included in these shipments are a range of items from ultrasound machines and operating tables to soccer balls and pens. A wide range of vital supplies are required for clinicians to provide adequate care to the members of the communities they serve. In addition to shipping 40 foot containers, duffel bags can also be requested and shipped with medical personnel who are making a specific international aid trips. Supplies that are generally accepted include: Tents, Sleeping bags, Umbrellas, Rain boots, Bug Spray, Crutches, Wheelchairs, Gloves, Water Purification Tablets, Ensure/Liquid Food, Personal Care Items, Gauze, Bandages, Sheets, and Blankets.
Gloria's Gathering: provides a venue for mourning friends and family to honor a loved one by donating rehabilitated medical supplies that were used during recuperation and end of life that would otherwise wind up in a landfill. After rehabilitation, these supplies are distributed in developing nations throughout Africa and the Caribbean. The project is named in honor of Gloria Bobrow, wife of Edwin Bobrow: Afya advisor board member, author, management consultant, and retired Adjunct Associate Professor at NYU.
Afya Clubs: Over 15 clubs across the country have already been founded by middle school, high school, and college students to spread the word about Afya and collect supplies in their own communities. Any and all youth are encouraged to get involved and start their own clubs in order to help Afya to continue in providing vital supplies to international health clinics and communities in need. Alex, a teenager from the New York area ran a collection drive for soccer equipment. They started by getting in touch with local youth soccer commissioner, to set up donation boxes at local youth soccer games. By the end of their project, they had managed to collect enough soccer equipment to furnish an entire youth soccer league in Neno, Malawi. The Women's Track and Field team at Haverford College recently completed a collection campaign. Over 100 pairs of shoes were donated and shipped to the Afya warehouse, where they will be distributed to those in need.
Response to 2010 Haiti earthquake
On January 12, 2010 an earthquake of magnitude 7.0 Mw shook Haiti. It has been estimated that the lives of 3 million people have been effected by the event. Within two days, Afya shipped a 40-foot container holding mattresses, respirators, backboards, and surgical packs to aid the ailing nation. Through their collaboration with Partners in Health, Afya shipped 2500 pounds of supplies via airplane, along with four additional 40-foot containers within two weeks of the initial event. On January 28, 2010 Afya shipped its sixth container to Haiti, increasing the amount of supplies sent by Afya to over 400,000 pounds of vital supplies targeted to relief workers to aid them in their amazing efforts. As long as there is a need for these supplies, the Afya Foundation plans to provide as much aid as they are able.
References
New York State Congressional Memo about Afya: https://web.archive.org/web/20110724225510/http://www.afyafoundation.org/images/Lowey%20statement%20on%20Haiti%20w%20Butin.pdf
New York Times perspective on Afya: https://www.nytimes.com/2008/03/24/nyregion/24bigcity.html?_r=1
Kenneth Cole Highlights Afya's Work: https://web.archive.org/web/20100104090117/http://awearnessblog.com/2008/03/a-simple-plan-improves-healthc.php
Angels in Medicine Blog Recognizes Afya: http://www.medangel.org/afya/afya011.shtml
Health Intelligence Network Blog Entry on Afya: http://blog.hin.com/?p=290
CBS Covers Afya's Response to Haitian Earthquake: http://wcbstv.com/video/?id=137665@wcbs.dayport.com
Lower Hudson Publication of Afya's Work: https://web.archive.org/web/20110721215926/http://reviewpress.lohudblogs.com/2010/01/17/emergency-medical-supplies-heads-to-haiti/
NPR Discusses Afya: https://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=121218935
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090418212902/http://afyafoundation.org/
Charities based in New York (state)
Organizations established in 2007
2007 establishments in New York (state)
Woodleaf may refer to:
Woodleaf, Arizona
Woodleaf, Napa County, California
Woodleaf, Yuba County, California
Woodleaf, North Carolina
Savioja may refer to several places in Estonia:
Savioja, Rõuge Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
Savioja, Võru Parish, village in Võru County, Estonia
ATV Offroad Fury 4 is a racing video game developed by Climax Racing and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for PlayStation 2.
Gameplay
ATV Offroad Fury 4 sees the introduction of new vehicles such as MX motocycles, Supertruck and dune buggies, alongside existing ATV quad racers; this allows the game to include up to 50 Championship Modes. In addition to improved graphics, it also has an additional 60 tracks and improved online gaming.
In terms of in-game controls, more tricks are possible while the player is on an MX motorcycle, but none can be performed while the player is controlling a Trophy Truck or Dune Buggy. Similar to the risk of being thrown off an ATV or motorcycle during the game, Trophy Trucks and Dune Buggies are vulnerable to rollovers, after which the player's vehicle will be automatically reset back on its wheels, as it is when thrown off of an ATV or motorcycle. The game also offers tutorials on how to drive Trophy Trucks and Dune Buggies.
Similar to NASCAR Thunder 2004 is the introduction of rivals. All opponents have an icon above them; when a player hits an opponent, the opponent's icon will turn red and the opponent will be more aggressive towards the player.
The game has a "Story Mode" where players compete in events around the world and are required to complete a certain number of events to move on.
Eight "Classic" tracks can be unlocked by synchronizing own Save File with an ATV Offroad Fury Pro save via USB Link with a PlayStation Portable. These tracks appear in previous games in the series, and must be unlocked through Pro before unlocking them in 4.
ATV Offroad Fury 4 includes more mini-games, such as "Ice Hockey" (introduced in ATV Offroad Fury 2), "Scavenger Hunt", "King Of The Hill", "Bowling", and "Ring of Fire".
PSP version
A loose adaptation for the PlayStation Portable was released at the same time titled ATV Offroad Fury Pro. This game uses the same physics engine and offers the same vehicles as 4, but features completely different race tracks, some exclusive vehicles, mini-games, and soundtrack. It features both ad hoc (local area network) or Infrastructure (web) multiplayer modes. This game also includes new vehicle classes known as snowmobiles and rally cars, which are exclusive to this game.
Reception
ATV Offroad Fury 4 received "generally positive" reviews, according to review aggregator Metacritic.
References
External links
2006 video games
ATV Offroad Fury
Multiplayer and single-player video games
MX vs. ATV
PlayStation 2 games
PlayStation Portable games
Racing video games
Sony Interactive Entertainment games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Robert “Bobby” Grace (born September 29, 1960) is an American attorney.  They are currently a Deputy District Attorney for the County of Los Angeles, working in the Major Crimes Unit. Grace has successfully prosecuted homicide cases, including those of Chester Turner and the Black Widow Killers.
Notable cases
• People v. David Mahler (2008): Bobby successfully prosecuted New York lawyer, David Mahler, who shot their girlfriend, Krissy Baldwin, to death, then dumped their body in the desert near Barstow, California. Bobby had to present secondary DNA evidence to connect Mahler to the crime because of the severely decomposed state in which Baldwin's body was discovered.
• People v. Helen Golay & Olga Rutterschmidt (2008): Bobby helped prosecute the “Black Widow Killers,” for the murders of two homeless men. The women took out life insurance policies worth millions of dollars on both men, and then killed them to collect the premiums. Bobby has been featured on several true crime television programs detailing this case.
• People v. Chester Turner (2007): Bobby prosecuted serial killer Chester Turner for the murder of eleven women in south Los Angeles during the 1980s and early 1990s. Turner holds the dubious record of being the most prolific serial killer in Los Angeles' history. Turner was ultimately sentenced to death for their crimes.
• People v. Wayne Taylor (2007): Bobby convicted Wayne Taylor. Taylor murdered their father in Baldwin Hills, cut off their father's extremities and attempted to burn the body parts. Bobby was able to present intricate DNA evidence that tied Taylor to their father's murder.
• In 2002, The Association of Deputy District Attorneys (“ADDA”) awarded Bobby their “Pursuit of Justice Award” for obtaining murder convictions in the case of People v. Henry Hayes, a Los Angeles minister who murdered their wife and daughter.
• In 1999, Bobby received the “Outstanding Community Service Award” for securing murder convictions against three Los Angeles gang members for the slaying of a high-school student, Corrie Williams, who was killed while riding a MTA bus home from school.
• People v. Calvin Broadus (1996): As part of the Hardcore Gang Division, Bobby worked to prosecute Calvin Broadus (aka “Snoop Dogg”). Bobby tried Broadus and their bodyguard for murder and remained steadfast despite being the target of death threats. Bobby was featured in The Wall Street Journal for the “Trying Times” they endured prosecuting that case.
Community involvement
Bobby serves on the Board of Directors of the UCLA Black Alumni Association.
References
Living people
1960 births
Lawyers from Los Angeles
Place of birth missing (living people)
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Lucky was a fashion and lifestyle magazine founded by Kim France and first published in 2000 under the Condé Nast subsidiary. The magazine folded in June 2015.
Operations and history
Since its launch in December 2000, Lucky was one of Condé Nast's biggest publications, with circulation rising from 500,000 to over 1.1 million.
Kim France founded Lucky and was its first editor-in-chief, a position they held for almost ten years. Brandon Holley replaced France as editor-in-chief in 2010. In June 2013, Eva Chen replaced Holley as EIC of Lucky after a source revealed that "while Holley was digitally savvy, they lacked vision and fashion experience [and thus] the publication lost its style credentials". Chen's approach of featuring unknown fashion bloggers while recruiting expensive, upscale stylists like Carlyne Cerf de Dudzeele and legendary photographers like Patrick Demarchelier caused Lucky's newsstand sales to fall even further by 15.8% in the first half of 2014 to 84,255 due to its high price point. Chen later resigned from the post in April 2015.
In 2012, Lucky announced that it would hold its first FABB: The Fashion and Beauty Blog conference. It was the first event of its kind, bringing together group of digital fashion, beauty, technology and celebrity leaders, and influential advertisers to the blogger community. Some of the participants included: Cat Deeley, Alli Webb, Jessica Alba and Paige Adams-Geller.
In April 2014, BeachMint, a Los Angeles–based e-commerce company began a joint venture with Condé Nast. The Condé Nast press release revealed that the venture would be called the Lucky Group. Eva Chen served as the chief creative officer for the Lucky Group, and BeachMint's Josh Bearman as its CEO. This effectively meant that Lucky Magazine was sold to Beachmint.
In May 2015 the frequency of Lucky was switched to quarterly. One month later, in June 2015, the magazine folded. Katia Kuethe was the magazine's final Creative Director.
Reception
From the magazine industry
When Lucky was first released, it received criticism for its content that bordered between editorial and advertising. The American Society of Magazine Editors was skeptical of Lucky business practices in featuring products. Lucky reputation grew to a more positive one as time progressed. Simon Dumenco, a columnist at New York Magazine initially gave a negative assessment, but later praised the magazine for focusing on the merits of a product rather than advertising it through celebrity endorsements like other women's magazines. David Carr and Jeremy W. Peters said in an article published in The New York Times: "It was, in retrospect, ahead of its time, a print rendering of a shopping portal on the Web. It was well received by both the news media and advertisers, in part because it was a well executed magazine that did not take itself too seriously."
From the advertising industry
Lucky was Advertising Age's Magazine of the Year in 2003, highlighting its success with marketers and consumers.
References
External links
Quarterly magazines published in the United States
Defunct women's magazines published in the United States
Defunct Condé Nast magazines
English-language magazines
Magazines established in 2000
Magazines disestablished in 2015
Women's fashion magazines
Magazines published in New York City
The Sitticini are a tribe of spiders in the family Salticidae (jumping spiders). The tribe has been divided into two subtribes, Aillutticina, with five Neotropical genera, and Sitticina, with five genera from Eurasia and the Americas. One genus is unplaced within the tribe. The taxonomy of the tribe has been subject to considerable uncertainty. It was clarified in 2020.
Description
The group is now primarily defined by molecular phylogenetic analysis. However, members can be distinguished from other salticids by the fourth leg being much longer than the third and by the absence of the retromarginal cheliceral tooth.
Taxonomy
The group was first described by Eugène Simon in 1901, under the name "Sitticeae". It was treated as the subfamily Sitticinae by various authors before being reduced to the tribe Sitticini by Wayne Maddison in 2015.
The taxonomy of the tribe has been subject to considerable uncertainty; generic boundaries were changed repeatedly between 2017 and 2020. For example, Attulus floricola was known as Sitticus floricola until moved to Sittiflor floricola in 2017, to Calositticus floricola in 2018, back to Sitticus floricola in 2019, and then to Attulus floricola in 2020. Most sitticines were placed in Sitticus until 2017, when Jerzy Prószyński split the genus into seven: Attulus, Sitticus and five new genera Sittiab, Sittiflor, Sittilong, Sittipub and Sittisax. This division was not based on a phylogenetic analysis but was intended to be "pragmatic".
A molecular phylogenetic analysis in 2020 restored most sitticine species to a single genus, Attulus (the name which has priority over Sitticus), circumscribed to include Sitticus, Sittiflor, Sittilong and Sittipub. (Prószyński's Sittisax was retained, but their Sittiab was synonymized with Attinella.) , the World Spider Catalog recognized 58 species in Attulus, as opposed to 15 in Jollas, one of the next largest genera in the tribe.
Phylogeny
In 2020, Maddison and co-workers divided the tribe Sitticini into two subtribes, Aillutticina and Sitticina, each with five genera, and published a cladogram showing the relationship among the genera in Sitticina:
{{clade
|label1=Sitticini
|1={{clade
|label1=Aillutticina
|1=Aillutticus, Amatorculus, Capeta, Gavarilla, Nosferattus
|label2=Sitticina
|2={{clade
|label1=Jollas–Tomis clade
|1=
|2=Attulus
}}
}}
}}
Subtribes and genera
Genera included in the tribe Sitticini by Maddison and co-workers in 2020 were:
Subtribe AillutticinaAillutticus Galiano, 1987Amatorculus Ruiz & Brescovit, 2005Capeta Ruiz & Brescovit, 2005Gavarilla Ruiz & Brescovit, 2006Nosferattus Ruiz & Brescovit, 2005
Subtribe SitticinaAttinella Banks, 1905Attulus Simon, 1889Jollas Simon, 1901Sittisax Prószyński, 2017Tomis F.O. P-Cambridge, 1901incertae sedisSemiopyla Simon, 1901
Distribution
The five genera placed in the subtribe Aillutticina are found in the Neotropics and the Caribbean. The five genera placed in the subtribe Sitticina are native to Eurasia and the rest of the Americas. The unplaced genus Semiopyla'' is found from Mexico to Argentina and Paraguay. It is believed that the tribe originated in the Neotropics, and diverged rapidly more recently in Eurasia, with dispersal back into the Americas.
References
Arthropod tribes
Apollonius of Tyre is the subject of an ancient short novella, popular in the Middle Ages. Existing in numerous forms in many languages, the text is thought to be translated from an ancient Greek manuscript, now lost.
Plot summary
In most versions, the eponymous hero is hunted and persecuted after they reveal Antiochus of Antioch's incestuous relationship with their daughter. After many travels and adventures, in which Apollonius loses both their wife and their daughter and thinks them both dead, they are eventually reunited with their family through unlikely circumstances or intercession by gods. In some English versions Apollonius is shipwrecked and becomes a tutor to a princess who falls in love with him, and the good king gradually discovers their daughter's wishes. The major themes are the punishment of inappropriate lust—the incestuous king invariably comes to a bad end—and the ultimate rewards of love and fidelity.
Origins (Latin and Greek?)
The story is first mentioned in Latin by Venantius Fortunatus in their Carmina (Bk. vi. 8, 11. 5–6) during the late 6th century; it is conjectured, based on similarities with the Ephesian Tale of Xenophon of Ephesus and the presence of idioms awkward in Latin but typical in Greek, that the original was a Greek romance of the third century. Some fragments of Greek romance, however, point to the possibility of an even older date. The earliest manuscripts of the tale, in a Latin version, date from the 9th or 10th century but are from late antiquity. Thus they show an intersection of Greek and Roman as well as pre-Christian and Christian influences. Overall, the work is classed with other ancient Greek romance novels.
Some scholars hold that the riddles with which the king tests the hero in many versions may be a later addition: ten derive from the c. fourth-century Latin riddle-collection attributed to Symphosius. Other scholars believe the incest story to have been a later addition as well, though others, including Elizabeth Archibald, see it as an integral thematic element of the tale.
The most widespread Latin versions are those of Godfrey of Viterbo, who incorporated it into their Pantheon of 1185 as if it were actual history, Historia Apollonii regis Tyri and a version in the Gesta Romanorum.
Translations
'Fifty to a hundred versions' of the story are known from antiquity into the early modern period, mostly European, including texts in English, Dutch, German, Danish, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Polish, Russian, Hungarian, Greek, and Latin.
The earliest vernacular translation is an incomplete Old English prose text from the 11th century, sometimes called the first English novel. The existence of this unique text is unusual, as secular prose fiction from that time is extremely rare. The manuscript copy may only have survived because it was bound into a book together with Archbishop Wulfstan's homilies. Various versions of the tale were later written in most European languages.
A notable English version is in the eighth book of John Gower's Confessio Amantis (1390), which uses it as an exemplum against lust. It is described as being based on Pantheon, but it contains many details that work does not but the old Historia does.
Its numerous vernacular versions, along with the Latin ones, attest to its popularity throughout the Middle Ages. It appears in an old Danish ballad collected in Danmarks gamle Folkeviser.
Robert Copland translated from the French the romance of Kynge Appolyne of Thyre (W. de Worde, 1510).
Later versions and influence
The story was retold in thirteenth-century Castilian as Libro de Apolonio. It is also a major inspiration of the chanson de geste Jordain de Blaivies.
Robert Copland wrote an early 16th-century prose version.
William Shakespeare and George Wilkins's play Pericles, Prince of Tyre was based in part on Gower's version, with the change of name probably inspired by Philip Sidney's Arcadia. Apollonius of Tyre was also a source for theirs plays Twelfth Night and The Comedy of Errors.
Notes
External links
, from Gesta Romanorum
Plot summary
Marcus Welser's 1595 Latin edition, "Narratio eorum quae contigerunt Apollonio Tyrio"
The 1682 reprint of Marcus Welser's 1595 Latin edition, "Narratio eorum quae contigerunt Apollonio Tyrio"
The Anglo-Saxon version in the 1834 Benjamin Thorpe English translation
The Latin Library edition of the Latin text
The Librivox audio edition of the Latin text
includes Latin text&translation of Historia Apollonii regis Tyri
Latin prose texts
Translations into Latin
Medieval legends
Early medieval literature
Romance (genre)
Fictional kings
Pampas is a rural locality in the Toowoomba Region, Queensland, Australia. In the , Pampas had a population of 62 people.
Geography
The locality is positioned between the main channel and north branch of the Condamine River both of which mark boundaries. The Millmerran railway line and Gore Highway pass through Pampas. The Pampas–Horrane Road (State Route 82) runs north-west to Cecil Plains.
The land use is predominantly horticulture and cropping.
History
Pampas are named because of the extensive coverage of kangaroo grass.
Pampas railway station is an abandoned railway station on the Millmerran railway line ().
The Dry Paddock Provisional School opened on 9 August 1897. In 1909 it became Pampas State School. It closed on 27 December 1957. It was at 22 Fysh Road ().
Pampas Memorial Hall was erected in late 1954.
In the , Pampas had a population of 62 people.
Economy
There are a number of homesteads in the locality, including:
Bonnie Doon ()
Culverthorpe ()
Ebrose ()
Erindale ()
Kyle ()
Miraba ()
Wictown ()
Education
There are no schools in Pampas. The nearest government primary school is Brookstead State School in neighbouring Brookstead to the north-east. The nearest government secondary schools are Millmerran State School (to Year 10) in Millmerran to the south-west and Pittsworth State High School in Pittsworth to the north-east.
Amenities
Pampas Memorial Hall is at 6179 Gore Highway ().
References
Further reading
External links
Suburbs of Toowoomba
Localities in Queensland
Caroline Peddle Ball (November 11, 1869 – October 1, 1938) was an American sculptor. They exhibited at both the 1893 Chicago Exposition and the 1900 Paris Exhibition.
Biography
Caroline Peddle was born in Terre Haute, Indiana on November 11, 1869. They studied art at the Rose Polytechnic Institute, and the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. They continued their education at the Art Students League of New York, under Augustus Saint-Gaudens and Kenyon Cox. They were a member of the Guild of Arts and Crafts and of Art Students' League.
Peddle Ball worked for the Tiffany Glass Company which exhibited their design at the 1893 Chicago Exposition.
In the late 1890s Peddle Ball traveled to Europe. They were in Florence, Italy from September 1895 to March 1896. They had a studio in Paris for several years beginning in May 1897.
They received honorable mention at Paris Exhibition, 1900 the figure "Victory" on the United States building at the Exposition. Additionally they created a memorial fountain at Flushing, Long Island, a medallion portrait of Miss Cox of Terre Haute, a monument to a child in the same city.
Peddle Ball returned to the United States in 1902. They maintained a working studio for the rest of their life, specializing in small bronzes depicting children.
They died in Connecticut on October 1, 1938.
Family
Caroline Peddle Ball was de younger sister of John B. Peddle. They Ball married Bertrand E. Ball on October 16, 1902. They had one child. The marriage would end in divorce.
Works
References
American women sculptors
People from Terre Haute, Indiana
Sculptors from Indiana
1869 births
1938 deaths
20th-century American sculptors
19th-century American sculptors
20th-century American women artists
19th-century American women artists
Eda Ahi (born 1 February 1990 in Tallinn) is an Estonian poet, translator and diplomat.
They graduated from University of Tartu, where they received master's degree; specialty was Russian culture. After graduation, they worked as a diplomat in Ukraine.
Works
2012 poetry collection Maskiball (Masquerade)
2018 poetry collection Sadam (Port)
2019 poetry collection Sõda ja rahutus (War and Disorder)
References
External links
Eda Ahi at Estonian Writers' Online Dictionary
Living people
1990 births
Estonian women poets
Estonian translators
21st-century Estonian writers
21st-century Estonian poets
University of Tartu alumni
Writers from Tallinn
People from Tallinn
Discovery Ridge is an organized hamlet within the Rural Municipality (RM) of Corman Park No. 344 in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. It is on the north side of Highway 5 approximately east of downtown Saskatoon.
Government
While Discovery Ridge is under the jurisdiction of the RM of Corman Park No. 344, it has a three-person hamlet board that is chaired by Ed Underwood.
References
Corman Park No. 344, Saskatchewan
Division No. 11, Saskatchewan
Organized hamlets in Saskatchewan
Boogie Woogie Red (October 18, 1925 – July 2, 1992) was an American Detroit blues, boogie-woogie and jazz pianist, singer and songwriter. At different times they worked with Sonny Boy Williamson I, Washboard Willie, Baby Boy Warren, Lonnie Johnson, Tampa Red, John Lee Hooker and Memphis Slim.
Biography
They were born Vernon Harrison in Rayville, Louisiana, and moved to Detroit in 1927. In their adolescence, they began performing in local clubs and worked alongside Sonny Boy Williamson I, Baby Boy Warren and John Lee Hooker.
In the mid-1970s, Boogie Woogie Red played solo piano at the Blind Pig, a small bar in Ann Arbor, Michigan. They recorded their own albums in 1974 and 1977 and toured Europe in that decade. Red appeared on BBC Television's Old Grey Whistle Test in May 1973.
They died in July 1992, at the age of 66, in Detroit.
Discography
Live at the Blind Pig (1974), Blind Pig Records
Red Hot (1977), Blind Pig Records
See also
List of boogie woogie musicians
List of Detroit blues musicians
References
External links
Mini biography and photograph at Blindpigrecords.com
1925 births
1992 deaths
American blues pianists
American male pianists
American blues singers
American jazz pianists
Songwriters from Louisiana
Boogie-woogie pianists
Detroit blues musicians
20th-century American singers
Blues musicians from Louisiana
20th-century American pianists
Singers from Louisiana
People from Rayville, Louisiana
Jazz musicians from Louisiana
20th-century American male singers
American male jazz musicians
Blind Pig Records artists
American male songwriters
Neocalyptis magnilabis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 15 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is creamish brown, with brownish dots and suffusions. The markings are brown with blackish brown dots and a subapical blotch divided into two parts. The hindwings are pale brownish.
Etymology
The specific name refers to the size of the labis and is derived from Latin magnus (meaning large).
References
Moths described in 2009
Neocalyptis
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Reckless is the third book in The It Girl novels by the German American author Cecily von Ziegesar. The series is ghostwritten from the original idea by Ziegesar. The series, aimed toward young adults, is a spin-off from the bestselling Gossip Girl series. It was released in 2006 by Little, Brown.
Plot summary
As punishment for being off-campus (and having a party), the girls are split up into separate rooms: Callie and Jenny are kept in their original room while Tinsley and Brett move to another. They spend most of their time and energy avoiding each other.
Callie tries to deal with their breakup but is surprised when Easy asks them to go to dinner with them and their father during Trustee's Weekend because their father adores Callie and is unaware that they have broken up. Easy, who does not get along with their father, hopes to protect Jenny from their overly critical nature and believes that taking Callie would be much simpler. Callie accepts their invitation but wonders if it means that Easy is having second thoughts about their breakup.
Jenny, on the other hand, is blissfully unaware of Easy's action and continues to spend time with Brett, who decides to finally lose their virginity with their boyfriend Jeremiah Mortimer during Trustee's Weekend, after a big football game for St. Lucius.
However, Tinsley helps Heath Ferro and the hot new first-year student, Julian hide kegs of beer on the roof of the Dumbarton dorm and under the bed of a quiet girl who lives in a single known as The Girl In Black. After the boys leave, Tinsley throws and all girls party on the roof for all of the Dumbarton residents (excluding Brett and Jenny). Unfortunately, a staff member passing by hears the girls on the roof and attempts to a stop to it. All the girls quickly hide in their respective rooms so no one can be blamed but the administration insists that the keg left on the roof is more than enough to hold against the dorm as a whole. Due to the Trustee Weekend event, the administration does not want to draw too much attention to the incident so the punishment is light- all Dumbarton residents are under lockdown for the weekend. No one can enter or leave the dorm, thus ruining Brett's plans with Jeremiah.
Upon hearing this, the guys of Waverly decide to make history by sneaking into Dumbarton while it is still on lock-down through secret tunnels built during the Cold War. Led by Heath Ferro, Easy Walsh, Brandon Buchanan, Alan St. Girard, Jeremiah Mortimer, and Julian McCafferty make it to Dumbarton unseen by the administration. Upon arrival, they break out the kegs stored under The Girl In Black's room, who turns out to be Kara Whalen, a previously chubby girl who was teased mercilessly by Heath Ferro their first-year student year. In the spirit of generosity, Tinsley suggests that the girls of Dumbarton open their closets to the other residents so everyone can borrow each other's clothes. Tinsley, on a hunt for the hottest threads, checks on the kegs in Kara's room and discovers Kara has a fantastic wardrobe, thanks to their designer mother. They offer to help Kara with them make up but quickly forgets as the party begins. Jenny and Easy are reunited at the party but they still don't mention their dinner with their father and Callie the previous night before. Jenny leaves them in their room to grab drinks but a rumor quickly spreads that a teacher is roaming the hallways. They hide in the closet but is found by Callie who joins him. After they do so, the two begin to kiss but Easy realizes they have strong feelings for Jenny but is confused as to why they are still so attracted to Callie.
Jenny, in the meanwhile, gets pulled into Kara's room after the rumors of a teacher in Dumbarton reach them Kara and Jenny become fast friends and begin to chat when they are interrupted by Heath Ferro, who is looking for a place to hide as well. Heath is immediately attracted to Kara and does not recognize them as 'The Whale', the nickname they gave their first-year student year and attempts to pick them up.
Kara, however, is unimpressed and throws their mug of beer into Heath's face, making them one of the coolest chicks at the party.
Brandon, unaware of the rumors about a teacher, bumps into Elizabeth Jacobs, a girl from St. Lucius. It quickly becomes apparent that the rumors about a teacher are actually about Elizabeth who has followed Jeremiah from St. Lucius. Brandon and Elizabeth quickly bond as they go around the rooms and coax the residents to continue partying as there is no threat of a teacher.
Brett and Jeremiah quickly find each other at the beginning of the party and are about to have sex when they are interrupted by Tinsley who announces a game of 'I Never' is starting in the common room. Deciding to forgo sex for a more romantic occasion, Jeremiah and Brett agree to join the game. During the game, Yvonne Stidder starts with saying that they have never had sex before. The people who have done it, quickly do a shot, led by Heath Ferro. Surprisingly, Jeremiah and Elizabeth each do a shot which causes Brett and Jeremiah to break up. Shockingly, Tinsley, who has implied that they have had sex multiple times, does not take a shot (thus, revealing they are a virgin) which prompts accusations from their friends that they are a liar. Unwilling to be thrown into the spotlight for the wrong reasons, Tinsley announces in front of everybody that Easy took Callie to the Trustee Dinner instead of Jenny. Which prompts Jenny to flee the room. Callie becomes angry at Tinsley for revealing such a big secret in front of everyone, even though they hoped it would cause Easy and Jenny to break up, and reconciles with Brett who is with Kara, comforting Jenny. Jenny, to Callie's surprise, forgives them and both girls await Easy's next move.
After the game of I Never, the party slows down considerably as the party-goers gossip about the recent events. During so, Elizabeth and Brandon sneak off to the tunnels and make out which makes Brandon believe that they are finally over Callie.
References
2006 American novels
American young adult novels
Chick lit novels
Novels by Cecily von Ziegesar
Little, Brown and Company books
The slender-billed weaver (Ploceus pelzelni) is a species of bird in the weaver family, Ploceidae.
It is found in central and western Africa.
References
External links
Slender-billed Weaver (Ploceus pelzelni) videos at the Internet Bird Collection
Slender-billed weaver - Species text in Weaver Watch.
slender-billed weaver
Birds of Central Africa
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
slender-billed weaver
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mark Li () is a Taiwanese politician. A member of the Kuomintang, they served in the Legislative Yuan from 2008 to 2012.
Li earned degrees from National Cheng Kung University and Claremont Graduate University. While studying in the United States, they obtained American citizenship.
Li was elected to the Legislative Yuan in 2008 via party list proportional representation.
References
Living people
Party List Members of the Legislative Yuan
Members of the 7th Legislative Yuan
National Cheng Kung University alumni
Claremont Graduate University alumni
Former United States citizens
Taiwanese emigrants to the United States
Year of birth missing (living people)
Panama sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7–18 September 2016. This was the nation's seventh time competing in the Summer Paralympic Games after it first entered the movement at the 1992 Summer Paralympics. The Panamanian delegation to Rio de Janeiro consisted of two athletes: shot put thrower Francisco Cedeño Almengor and javelin thrower Iveth Valdes Romero. Almengor ranked eleventh out of twelve athletes in the men's shot put F54–55 competition and Romero placed in the same position in the women's javelin F55–F56 event.
Background
Panama first entered the Paralympic movement at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain, and the country has participated in every Summer Paraympic Games since. This made Rio de Janeiro their seventh appearance at a Summer Paralympiad. Entering the Rio Paralympics, Panama has won eight Paralympic medals but none since the 2004 Athens Summer Games. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. The Panamanian delegation to Rio de Janeiro was announced by the Paralympic Committee of Panama on 29 July 2016. It consisted of two athletes: shot put thrower Francisco Cedeño Almengor and javelin thrower Iveth Valdes Romero. They were joined by chef de mission Yanelis Rodríguez, Paralympic Committee of Panama technical director Ana de Girón and coaches Andrés Rodríguez and Orestes Pérez. The delegation travelled to Rio de Janeiro on the afternoon of 31 August. Almengor was chosen to be the Panamanian flag bearer at the parade of nations for the opening ceremony.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Francisco Cedeño Almengor is paralyzed from the waist down due to spinal cord injuries they sustained by a June 2003 automobile accident caused by an intoxicated driver in La Chorrera and they have used a wheelchair since.  They are classified as F55 by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and competes in a sitting position. Almengor was 37 years old at the time of the Rio Paralympics and it was their first time competing in any Paralympic Games. They earned qualification to the Games because their throw of 9.44 metres in the men's shot put F54–55 at the 2015 Parapan American Games was 0.44 metres better than the "B" qualifying standard for that discipline. Before the Paralympics, Almengor said to La Prensa that they did not wish to predict the result of their event but promised to perform to the best of their ability. On 16 September, they took part in the men's shot put F54–55 competition, finishing eleventh out of twelve athletes who started the event, with a throw of 9.16 metres.
Iveth Valdes Romero was 39 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics and was also debuting in the Paralympic Games. They were left paralyzed from the waist down after an automobile driven by an allegedly intoxicated driver collided with their vehicle and sent it down a ravine in Campana on 19 July 2009. Romero is classified as F56 by the IPC and competes in a sitting position. They qualified for the Games by receiving a wild card invitation because their throw of 11 metres in the women's javelin F55–F56 was a metre off the "B" qualifying standard for their event. Romero stated before the Paralympics that while they were nervous about competing, they promised to perform to the best of their ability, and vowed to improve their personal best mark. On 10 September, they competed in the women's javelin F55–F56 event. Romero was given three attempts to set a mark and their best throw was set during their first try at 13.57 metres. This ranked them in eleventh place out of twelve participants.
Men's Field
Women's Field
See also
Panama at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes and references
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Panamanian sport
Cable car street railways first began operating in Los Angeles in 1885 and lasted until 1902, when the lines were electrified and electric streetcars were introduced largely following the cable car routes. There were roughly of routes, connecting 1st and Main in what was then the Los Angeles Central Business District as far as the communities known today as Lincoln Heights, Echo Park/Filipinotown, and the Pico-Union district.
The first cable cars climbed Bunker Hill on October 8, 1885. A total of three companies operated in the period through 1902.
Los Angeles Cable Railway
The Los Angeles Cable Railway operated the system of the greatest length at of track, featuring: of straight surface tracks; of viaducts, of bridges, of curves, and of pits. It operated the following lines as of August 1888:
Buena Vista St. line, Downtown to today's Chinatown: 1st & Main via Main, Bellevue (now Sunset) via Buena Vista (now N. Broadway) to College St.
Aliso St. line, Downtown to today's Boyle Heights: from Arcadia & Main via Aliso, Pleasant, and First to Evergreen & First
Blue line: Downtown to today's Pico-Union district: from Temple & Main via Main to First to Spring to Ninth to Pearl (now Figueroa) to Pico to Washington Bl. to Vermont Avenue car barn
Olive St. line: from today's Lincoln Heights via Downtown to today's Pico-Union district: from Pritchard (now Lincoln Park Av.) and Pearl (now N. Broadway) via Pearl to Olympia, San Fernando (now N. Spring), Alameda, Main, First, Spring, Fifth, Olive, Twelfth, Figueroa, Washington to Vermont car barn
W. 9th St. line: from today's Westlake via Downtown to today's Glassell Park: from Ninth and Grand View , via Ninth, Figueroa, Sixth, Hill, Fourth, Broadway, First, Spring, Marchessault, Main, San Fernando, Olympia, Downey (N. Broadway), Chestnut (now Avenue 20), Pasadena, Daily, to Avenue 33.
Kuhrts St. line: Downtown to today's Lincoln Park: from the Plaza via Main to the Los Angeles River, Kuhrts (now E. Main St.), Mission Street Road to opposite the Selig Zoo.
Temple Street Cable Railway
The Temple Street Cable Railway began service on July 14, 1886. It was bought by and merged into the Pacific Electric Railway, which replaced the cable cars with electric streetcar service on October 2, 1902. The route was transferred to the Los Angeles Railway in 1910. Service on the last remaining portion of the route was discontinued in 1946. The route was long and went along Temple St. from Spring St. west to Edgeware Road in today's Echo Park district, just southeast of Angelino Heights.
Second Street Cable Railroad
The Second Street Cable Railroad began service October 8, 1885 and ended service October 13, 1889. It operated one route via Second Street west, up Bunker Hill, to Second and Texas (now Belmont) Street. The powerhouse was at Second at Boylston, now a Los Angeles Department of Water and Power installation. Near the terminus at First and Belmont Avenue, a railroad line ran to Gardner Junction at what is now Gardner and Sunset in Hollywood; from Belmont to Temple, Coronado, south on a private right-of-way to First; on First and private right-of-way to Western and Temple, via Western to Hollywood Boulevard west and via private right-of-way to Gardner Junction. The Pacific Electric acquired this line and ran interurbans on it.
Funiculars
Los Angeles also hosted several funicular railways. Angels Flight operated in Downtown Los Angeles from 1901 to 1969 when its site was cleared for redevelopment. The railway was rebuilt south of its original location in 1996. It was designated a Los Angeles Historic-Cultural Monument in 1962 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
Court Flight ran up Bunker Hill between Broadway and Hill along "Court Street", between Temple and 1st. It operated from 1905 to 1943 when it was destroyed in a fire.
The Mount Lowe Railway was a tourist railway which featured a funicular section.
References
External links
Map of Los Angeles Cable Railway
Map of Temple Street Cable Railway and Second Street Cable Railroad
Cable car railways in the United States
Streetcars in California
1885 establishments in California
Transportation in Los Angeles
Konstantinos I. Logothetopoulos (; 1 August 1878 – 6 July 1961) was a distinguished Greek medical doctor who became Prime Minister of Greece, directing the Greek collaborationist government during the Axis occupation of Greece during World War II.
Early life
Logothetopoulos was born in Nafplion in 1878.
Education and Career
Logothetopoulos studied medicine in Munich and remained in the German Empire, practicing and teaching medicine until 1910, at which time they relocated to Athens. In Greece, they founded a private clinic and served in both the First Balkan War (1912–1913) and the Second Balkan War (1913) as a doctor. They were discharged in 1916, resuming private medical practice until 1922 when they were again conscripted during the Greco-Turkish War to serve in the Army Hospital of Athens.
After the end of the war in 1922, Logothetopoulos became professor of gynaecology at the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens. Eventually they became Dean of the University. During their tenure at the university, they taught and assisted many young doctors in their studies including future politician Grigoris Lambrakis.
When Greece capitulated to Nazi Germany after the "Battle of Greece" during World War II, Logothetopoulos, who spoke the German language fluently and was married to the niece of Field Marshal Wilhelm List, was appointed Vice President and Minister of Education in the first collaborationist government of Gen. Georgios Tsolakoglou. After Tsolakoglou was removed from office, they served as Prime Minister between 2 December 1942 and 7 April 1943, when they were replaced by Ioannis Rallis.
When the Wehrmacht left Greece in 1944, Logothetopoulos went with them to Nazi Germany. Eventually they were captured by the United States Army which surrendered them to Greek authorities in 1946. They were tried and convicted of collaborating with the enemy and initially sentenced to life imprisonment, but was released in 1951.
Death
Logothetopoulos died in Athens on 6 July 1961.
References
1878 births
1961 deaths
20th-century prime ministers of Greece
Prime Ministers of Greece
Greek collaborators with Nazi Germany
Greek fascists
Fascist rulers
Greek people of World War II
World War II political leaders
People convicted of treason against Greece
Greek prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Greek people who died in prison custody
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Greece
Prisoners who died in Greek detention
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens faculty
People from Nafplion
1942 in Greece
1943 in Greece
Greek anti-communists
Fascism in Greece
Greek physicians
The Zhonggang Cihyu Temple () is a Chinese temple dedicated to the Goddess Mazu, who is the Goddess of Sea and Patron Deity of fishermen, sailors and any occupations related to sea/ocean. It is located in Zhunan Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan and is also the oldest Matsu temple in Miaoli county.
History
The temple was first constructed in 1685 and was rebuilt in 1783. It was listed as third-class historical building by the Ministry of the Interior in 1985.
Transportation
The temple is accessible within walking distance west of Zhunan Station of Taiwan Railways.
See also
Qianliyan & Shunfeng'er
List of Mazu temples around the world
List of temples in Taiwan
List of tourist attractions in Taiwan
References
1685 establishments in Taiwan
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1685
Mazu temples in Miaoli County
Jerejak Island is an islet off the eastern coast of Penang Island in the State of Penang, Malaysia. Located within the Northeast Penang Island District, it is also a short ferry ride from the town of Bayan Lepas near the southeastern tip of Penang Island. It was formerly the main leper asylum for the Straits Settlements (1868), a Quarantine Station (1875) and a penal colony (1969).
History
Francis Light, the founder of Penang, was said to have arrived in Jerejak Island in early 1786 before heading on to Penang. In 1797, Colonel Arthur Wellesley had proposed Jerejak as the possible site for Fort Cornwallis. Their idea of establishing a military post in Jerejak was to offer protection to a new township called Jamestown, which was to be set up in present-day Bayan Lepas. Earlier in 1794, there had been an outbreak of malaria caused most likely by the clearing of the jungle to establish George Town, claiming many lives, including Francis Light himself. Thus, Wellesley was not in favour of the site for Fort Cornwallis to be on Penang island.
This plan did not materialise as George Town was starting to become a profitable port and it soon became unnecessary to establish Jamestown or have a military facility in that location.
As a result of Francis Light's earlier ruling whereby immigrants were allowed to claim whatever land they could clear, Penang became flooded with immigrants. As a precautionary step, these immigrants were sent to Jerejak's health inspection centre before they were allowed to proceed to Penang.
In 1868, a leper asylum was completed and then began use in 1871. The cost of construction was supported by the local community. In 1880, it was expanded becoming the collection centre of leprosy (leprosarium) for the Straits Settlements until the 1930s. The leprosarium was closed in the 1960s and the inmates were transferred to Sungai Buloh Leper Settlement/Leprosarium. Part of the island were made into a health quarantine centre for immigrants in 1875 at the eastern and northern parts of the island.
A memorial is located at the island dedicated to two crew members of the Imperial Russian Navy who died when their cruiser was sunk by the cruiser of the Kaiserliche Marine in the Battle of Penang on 28 October 1914. This is one of the few incidences of action which took place in Malaysian territory during World War I.
After World War II, there was an increase in the number of tuberculosis patients and a sanatorium was set up at Jerejak for victims. On 12 June 1969, the Jerejak Rehabilitation Centre was set up as a maximum security prison, hence earning the island the moniker, the Alcatraz of Malaysia. The centre was eventually closed in August 1993.
Transportation
Jerejak Island is situated on a 362 ha island, just 10 minutes away from the hustle & bustle of Penang Island, west coast of Peninsular Malaysia. From there, take a 5 minute ferry ride to Jerejak Island. Ferry ticket must be purchased from the ticket counter at the jetty. RM25 per adult and RM16 per child (two way transfer).
Current Developments
Plans were made to redevelop Jerejak into a resort in 2000 and this resulted in the closure of the more "unsavoury" institutions on the island like the sanatorium and prison. In January 2004, the Jerejak Resort & Spa was opened for business. The resort was built over the area once occupied by the leprosarium.
This development remains somewhat controversial, with concerns about the systematic removal of the island's historical remains and heritage and the impact on Jerejak's fragile eco-system.
See also
List of islands of Malaysia
References
Islands of Penang
Leper colonies
Medical and health organisations based in Malaysia
Prison islands
Paulo Sérgio Bento Brito (born 19 February 1968), known as Paulo Sérgio, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a forward, currently the manager of Portimonense.
They amassed Primeira Liga totals of 86 matches and 18 goals over seven seasons, but played mainly in the lower divisions of Portugal.
Paulo Sérgio began their career as manager in 2003 and went on to be in charge of several teams, including Vitória Guimarães, Sporting CP, and Hearts in Scotland.
Playing career
Born in Estremoz, Alentejo Region, Paulo Sérgio's football career was spent mainly as a substitute, at least in the Primeira Liga. In 17 professional seasons, they represented C.D. Olivais e Moscavide, U.D. Vilafranquense, C.F. Os Belenenses – their most steady period, helping the Lisbon side finish in second position in the Segunda Liga in 1991–92 with a career-best eight goals, with the consequent promotion – F.C. Paços de Ferreira (his best year in the top division came whilst at this club, scoring five times in 26 games in the 1993–94 campaign, even though 14 of those came from the bench, as they were eventually relegated), S.C. Salgueiros, Vitória de Setúbal, C.D. Feirense, C.D. Santa Clara, G.D. Estoril Praia and S.C. Olhanense.
In 1998–99, Paulo Sérgio had a spell abroad with French team Grenoble Foot 38, in the Championnat de France Amateur.
Coaching career
Portugal
Paulo Sérgio took up coaching after retiring in 2003, their first experience being with their last club Olhanense, for three seasons. They next managed another former team, Azores's Santa Clara.
Paulo Sérgio's first spell in the top flight occurred in 2008–09, with yet another side they had represented as a footballer, Paços de Ferreira. However, on 14 October 2009, they left for Vitória S.C. to take the place of the sacked Nelo Vingada, signing until summer 2011.
In late April 2010, Paulo Sérgio reached an agreement to succeed Carlos Carvalhal at the helm of Sporting CP, effective as of July. After dispatching FC Nordsjælland of Denmark in the UEFA Europa League, they made their league debut on 14 August, suffering a 1–0 defeat at Paços.
On 26 February 2011, following a 0–2 home loss against S.L. Benfica in the league, and Europa League elimination at the hands of Rangers, with Sporting also out of domestic cup contention and trailing FC Porto by 23 points in the league, Paulo Sérgio's contract was mutually terminated.
Heart of Midlothian
Paulo Sérgio was appointed manager of Scottish Premier League club Heart of Midlothian on 2 August 2011, following the removal of their predecessor Jim Jefferies on the previous day. In October, the team withdrew their staff from all media events in protest at them being called in front of the Scottish Football Association following their remarks about referee Iain Brines after a defeat against Ayr United the following month. They were also sent to the stands for dissent during a game against Kilmarnock after Ian Black was sent off and Marius Žaliūkas fouled Paul Heffernan, allowing Dean Shiels to score the game's only goal from the penalty spot.
On 19 May 2012, Paulo Sérgio and Hearts won the Scottish Cup – the eighth overall for the club and the first in six years – after a 5–1 win over fellow Edinburgh side Hibernian. They rejected a new contract offer, and left on 7 June.
CFR Cluj
On 28 October 2012, Paulo Sérgio was appointed at CFR Cluj in Romania, after the Liga I team failed to reach an agreement with compatriot Sérgio Conceição.
They managed to lead the side to the Europa League knockout phase, but the year 2013 started badly with seven consecutive games without a win; thus, they were sacked on 13 April.
APOEL
On 20 May 2013, Paulo Sérgio signed a one-year contract with reigning Cypriot champions APOEL FC. They made their debut against NK Maribor at GSP Stadium on 31 July in a 1–1 first leg draw in the third qualifying round of the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League, with the tie being lost on the away goals rule. On 17 August they won their first trophy with their new club, after a 1–0 victory over Apollon Limassol in the Super Cup.
On 4 October 2013, APOEL parted company with Paulo Sérgio, who spent less than five months in charge of the team and managed just three wins in 11 matches.
Académica
On 31 May 2014, Paulo Sérgio signed a one-year deal with Académica de Coimbra. Their first official game in charge occurred on 16 August, a 1–1 home draw with Sporting.
Club and Paulo Sérgio agreed to part ways on 15 February 2015, with the team second from bottom having won once in 21 games.
Middle East
In June 2016, Paulo Sérgio was hired at Dibba Al-Fujairah Club. They were dismissed on 10 December, after taking five points with no wins in the first 11 UAE Pro-League matches of the season and immediately following an 8–0 loss to Al-Wasl FC.
Remaining in the Middle East, Paulo Sérgio signed a one-year deal with Sanat Naft Abadan F.C. in June 2018. They took the team to eighth in the Iran Pro League, and at the end of the campaign was hired by Al Taawoun FC in Saudi Arabia; they blamed U.S. sanctions against Iran for making their previous job difficult.
Paulo Sérgio left the club shortly before the end of 2019, with the team in sixth place – the holders had also been eliminated from the last 16 of the Kings Cup by Abha Club.
Portimonense
In February 2020, Paulo Sérgio became the second manager of second-from-bottom Portimonense S.C. in the Portuguese top-tier campaign. Though they improved their performance, earning themselves the Manager of the Month award for June, the Algarve team were relegated on the final day; they voted to stay with them even before they were restored to the league as a result of Vitória de Setúbal's irregularities.
Managerial statistics
Honours
Player
Belenenses
Taça de Portugal: 1988–89
Santa Clara
Segunda Divisão: 1997–98 (South)
Grenoble
Championnat de France Amateur: 1998–99 (Group B)
Manager
Olhanense
Segunda Divisão: 2003–04 (South)
Heart of Midlothian
Scottish Cup: 2011–12
APOEL
Cypriot Super Cup: 2013
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
People from Estremoz
Sportspeople from Évora District
Portuguese footballers
Association football forwards
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
C.D. Olivais e Moscavide players
U.D. Vilafranquense players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
F.C. Paços de Ferreira players
S.C. Salgueiros players
Vitória F.C. players
C.D. Feirense players
C.D. Santa Clara players
G.D. Estoril Praia players
S.C. Olhanense players
Championnat National 2 players
Grenoble Foot 38 players
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in France
Portuguese football managers
Primeira Liga managers
Liga Portugal 2 managers
S.C. Olhanense managers
C.D. Santa Clara managers
S.C. Beira-Mar managers
F.C. Paços de Ferreira managers
Vitória S.C. managers
Sporting CP managers
Associação Académica de Coimbra – O.A.F. managers
Portimonense S.C. managers
Scottish Premier League managers
Heart of Midlothian F.C. managers
Liga I managers
CFR Cluj managers
Cypriot First Division managers
APOEL FC managers
UAE Pro League managers
Dibba Club managers
Persian Gulf Pro League managers
Sanat Naft Abadan F.C. managers
Saudi Professional League managers
Al-Taawoun FC managers
Portuguese expatriate football managers
Expatriate football managers in Scotland
Expatriate football managers in Romania
Expatriate football managers in Cyprus
Expatriate football managers in the United Arab Emirates
Expatriate football managers in Iran
Expatriate football managers in Saudi Arabia
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Scotland
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Romania
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in the United Arab Emirates
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Iran
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Saudi Arabia
Nicaragua sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7–18 September 2016. This was the Central American country's third appearance at the Summer Paralympic Games, having made its debut twelve years earlier at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. They were represented by three athletes, sprinter Jennifer Osejo, middle-distance runner and sprinter Gabriel Cuadra Holmann and powerlifter Fernando Acevedo, who all qualified for the games by achieving the minimum qualifying standard in international competition. Neither Holmann nor Osejo claimed a medal in their respective events and Acevado finished fifth in the men's −72kg powerlifting class.
Background
Nicaragua made its Paralympic debut at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. The nation has appeared in most Paralympic Games since, except for the 2008 Summer Paralympics, making Rio de Janeiro its third appearance at a Summer Paralympiad, but has yet to debut at the Winter Paralympic Games. At the close of the Rio Paralympics, Nicaragua had not medalled at the Paralympic Games. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Nicaragua sent three athletes to compete in Rio de Janeiro: sprinter Jennifer Osejo, middle-distance runner and sprinter Gabriel Cuadra Holmann and powerlifter Fernando Acevedo. A ceremony was held on behalf of the team with the athletes on 28 July 2016, and the delegation travelled to Brazil on 5 September. Holmann was chosen to be the flag bearer for the parade of nations during the opening ceremony.
Disability classification
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Gabriel Caudra Holmann was 23 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics. They were making their second appearance in the quadrennial multi-sport competition, having represented Nicaragua at the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Holmann was born with cerebral palsy due to them having a respiratory arrest that starved them of oxygen after a medical error from a gynecologist while their mother was in labour on 12 November 1992. They qualified for the Rio de Janeiro Paralympics by winning two bronze medals at the 2015 Parapan American Games. On 10 September, Holmann competed in the men's 100 metres T36 final. They completed the race in a new personal best time of 12.91 seconds, which put them sixth out of seven finishing sprinters. Holmann participated in the final of the men's 400 metres T36 six days later. With a time of 58.50 seconds, they improved their personal best for the second successive Paralympic event to place sixth out of seven competitors. On 17 September, Holmann took part in the final of the men's 800 metres T36. They came fifth out of six athletes improving their own personal best Central American record to 2 minutes and 16.21 seconds.
At the age of 19, Jennifer Osejo was the youngest athlete to represent Nicaragua at the Rio Paralympic Games. They were making their debut at the Summer Paralympic Games, having participated in the Central American Games for Students with Disabilities and the Parapan American Games. Osejo's condition is congenital; like Holmann, they were born with cerebral palsy and is classified T37 by the International Paralympic Committee. They qualified for the Rio Paralympics at a sprinting event that was held as part of the 2016 Ecuador Para Athletics International Open. On 8 September, Osejo took part in the semi-final heats of the women's 100 metres T37. Assigned to heat one, they completed the event in a time of 18.18 seconds, which was a new personal best, and put their sixth and last out of all athletes in their heat. Overall, Osjeco finished eleventh and last out of all competitors, and they did not advance to the final because their effort was 1.85 seconds behind the slowest athlete who progressed to the next stage.
Men's Track
Women's Track
Powerlifting
Fernando Acevedo was the oldest person to compete for Nicaragua at the Rio Paralympic Games at the age of 37. This was the first time they compete in the Paralympic movement. Acevedo has been afflicted with polio since they were eight years old but they have avoided the use of a wheelchair and uses a cane to help them walk. They qualified for the Paralympics because they won a bronze medal in the men's −72 kg powerlifting class at the 2015 Parapan American Games. This enabled Nicagarua to make its Paralympic debut in a sport that was not para-athletics. On 11 September, Acevedo competed in the men's −72kg powerlifting category. They failed to lift on their first and second attempts but they were successful at their third try and they placed fifth.
See also
Nicaragua at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Nicaragua at the Paralympics
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Nicaraguan sport
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Muskogee County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Muskogee County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 51 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county, including 2 National Historic Landmarks.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Muskogee County
Buildings and structures in Muskogee County, Oklahoma
Nicolaus von Braun (circa 1640 – 1718) was the regimental quartermaster at the Garrison Regiment in Malmö, Sweden.
Biography
Nicolaus von Braun, was born around 1640 in Pomerania. They immigrated to Sweden in 1669 and was probably introduced at court in Stockholm by their cousin Nicodemus Tessin the Elder They served at the Riksänkedrottningens Regiment starting in 1673, and the Mountain Regiment starting in 1677. They participated in the Battle of Lund in 1676, where they were injured. Over the years, 1695-97/98, they were enlisted as an officer for William III of England. They were a regimental quartermaster at the Garrison Regiment in Malmö, Sweden in 1705. They were head of the city guard. In 1710, they retired and in 1717, they were forced to sell their farm in Malmö. They died destitute in 1718.
References
Norström, Åke and Bjernehed, Tobias: Nicolaus von Braun - the major city of Malmö 1705–1710, in: Malmö Fornminnesförening yearbook, Volume 71, Malmö 2003rd
1640 births
1718 deaths
17th-century Swedish military personnel
18th-century Swedish military personnel
Swedish people of German descent
17th-century soldiers
Alexander Vinnik () is a Russian computer expert. From 2011 to 2017, they worked at BTC-e, a Russian cryptocurrency exchange.  They are currently serving a five year prison sentence in France for money laundering.
BTC-e
Vinnik is alleged to have directed and supervised the operations and finances of the BTC-e cryptocurrency exchange from 2011 to 2017.
In 2020 the London-based cryptocurrency analysis firm, Elliptic, believes that BTC-e may have been used by Fancy Bear during the 2015–2016 Democratic National Committee cyberattacks.
Arrest
On July 25, 2017, Vinnik was arrested in Greece at the request of the U.S. on suspicion of laundering $4 billion through BTC-e. Vinnik has denied the charges.
In late July 2017, the U.S. requested Vinnik's extradition from Greece.
In early October 2017, their extradition was requested by the Prosecutor General of Russia.
In late June 2018, France requested their extradition, accusing them of fraud.
In early July 2018, Russia submitted a new extradition request, reportedly based on a confession to additional hacking offenses.
In November 2018, Vinnik went on a three-month hunger strike in protest of their detainment in Greece.
In January 2020, Vinnik was extradited to France.
In June 2020, New Zealand Police announced the seizure of $90 million from WME Capital Management, a company in New Zealand registered to Vinnik.
Sentencing
In December 2020, Vinnik was acquitted on involvement with the Locky ransomware charges, but was sentenced to five years in prison for money laundering.
U.S. Extradition
On August 4, 2022, Vinnik was extradited from Greece to the United States to face charges of money laundering and operation of an unlicensed money service business in the US.
References
Living people
People associated with Bitcoin
People from Kurgan, Kurgan Oblast
Russian businesspeople in information technology
Year of birth missing (living people)
Polylopha epidesma is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae first described by Oswald Bertram Lower in 1901. It is found in India, Sri Lanka and Australia.
The wingspan is about 16 mm. The forewings are ashy-grey whitish, mixed with greenish leaden, and strewn with numerous tufts of ashy-grey scales, which become blackish posteriorly. The hindwings are dark fuscous, but lighter on the basal half. Its larval food plant is Polyalthia longifolia.
References
Moths described in 1901
Polyorthini
Extravagance is a 1930 pre-Code American film directed by Phil Rosen and released by Tiffany Pictures.
Plot summary
Alice Kendall is the darling of their social set, the sons and daughters of millionaires. Unbeknownst to Alice, their mother has impoverished themselves to provide Alice the luxuries they expect. When Alice becomes engaged to business person Fred Garlan, their mother spends the last of their money on Alice's trousseau.
Feeling stifled in their marriage because of Fred's long hours, Alice spends more than Fred can bring in, causing strain in the marriage. When they ask for a sable coat like their friend owns, Fred makes it clear they cannot afford it.
When a well-known playboy named Morrell helps them get one through a phony stock deal, Alice and Fred's marriage is brought to the breaking point.
Cast
June Collyer as Alice Kendall
Lloyd Hughes as Fred Garlan
Owen Moore as Jim Hamilton
Dorothy Christy as Esther Hamilton
Jameson Thomas as Morrell
Gwen Lee as Sally
Robert Agnew as Billy
Nella Walker as Mrs. Kendall
Martha Mattox as Guest
Arthur Hoyt as Guest
DVD release
Extravagance was released on Region 0 DVD-R by Alpha Video on January 28, 2014.
References
External links
1930 films
1930s romance films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Phil Rosen
American romance films
Tiffany Pictures films
1930s English-language films
1930s American films
The Vortex is a 1928 British drama film directed by Adrian Brunel and starring Ivor Novello, Willette Kershaw and Simeon Stuart. It was an adaptation of the Noël Coward play The Vortex and was made by Gainsborough Studios. The film's sets were designed by Clifford Pember.
Cast
Ivor Novello - Nicky Lancaster
Willette Kershaw - Florence Lancaster
Frances Doble - Bunty Mainwaring
Alan Hollis - Tom Veryan
Simeon Stuart - David Lancaster
Kinsey Peile - Pouncefort Quentin
Julie Suedo - Anna Vollof
Dorothy Fane - Helen Saville
References
External links
1928 films
1928 drama films
Films directed by Adrian Brunel
British drama films
British silent feature films
British black-and-white films
1920s English-language films
1920s British films
Silent drama films
Xaashi Suni Fooyaan was a Darawiish politician who is described as a Qusuusi (counsellor) in native Somali sources, and as peace-time Darawiish prime minister in colonial sources.
Biography
The majority of attributions ascribed to Xaashi Suni Fooyaan consist of the furtherance of diplomacy, caution or social accord, whereby they were typically accompanied by a Darawiish associate. Among these are:
Hamed Sultan, a teenage successor to Kaladi Madlay, whereby they attended the 1905 negotiations for the cessation of warfare between Darawiish and the European colonial powers. During one of these negotiations, in a conversation between Italian negotiator Signor Sylos Sensale and Xaashi Suni Fooyaan, a Pittsburgh Press report states that Xaashi Suni Fooyaan was the Darawiish prime minister and that they made the following statement to Sensale:
Xaashi Cabdi Geydhe, as well as Fooyaan, were present in a battle in Saraar whereby according to the poem Indha-cadlaayaal, the Darawiish clashed with British or pro-British Rayid forces who came from Waqooyi Galbeed who had plundered Darawiish herds. The poem Indha-cadlayaal describes both Geydhe and Fooyaan as qusuusi (i.e. counsellors), and the 17th verse states that Fooyaan contended for discretion. Due to the fact Darawiish didn't manage to get their herds back, the Sayid subsequently scolds Fooyaan and others.
The Aaden Oogle brothers were members of the Qusuusi who used to fraternize with Xaashi Suni Fooyaan who include Cabdullaahi Aaden Oogle, Daahwareershe Aaden Oogle, and Sugulle Aadan Oogle. There was an incident of domestic violence between their niece and their husband, in the presence of their uncle Sugulle Aadan Sugulle, whom subsequently instigated a conflict between their own clan Ararsame and that of their husband, an Cali-Gheri oneling subclan. Upon seeing the deadly nature of this conflict, Xaashi Suni Fooyaan castigated despotic behaviour in the home likening it to the race for the partition of Africa wrought by the European imperialists.
Personal life
Fooyaan had had two well known sons, including the late Farxaan Xaashi, one of the highest qualified doctors in Somalia's history, as well as the late Ismaaciil Xaashi, who followed in the footsteps of their father by becoming a political peace arbitrator during Somalia's socialist era.
See also
Kaladi Madlay
References
Prime Ministers of Somalia
1860s births
1910s deaths
Scopula natalica is a moth of the family Geometridae. It was described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1875. It is found in Cameroon, Kenya, Malawi, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sudan, Tanzania and Zambia.
References
Moths described in 1875
natalica
Moths of Africa
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
Vrbjani () is a village in the municipality of Krivogaštani, North Macedonia.
Demographics
According to the 1467-68 Ottoman defter, Vrbjani appears being largely inhabited by an Albanian population. The register displayed mixed Albanian and Slavic anthroponymy, with instances of individuals bearing both Slavic and Albanian names.
The names are: Stanisha Gjergji, Radusha Vlada, Gjino their brother, Dojçin son of Gjergj, Dojçin Petro, Nikola Dibrani, Petro Dibrani, Marin son of Drala, Minço, son in law of Drala, Gjergji unmarried ,Dobra Peca (Peci).
According to the 2002 census, the village had a total of 294 inhabitants. Ethnic groups in the village include:
Macedonians 294
References
Villages in Krivogaštani Municipality
Thaunggyi is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
Henri-André Laperrière (June 12, 1925March 8, 2015) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. They were a member of the Ottawa RCAF Flyers team that won the gold medal in ice hockey at the 1948 Winter Olympics. As a member of the RCAF Flyers, Laperrière was inducted into the Canadian Forces Sports Hall of Fame in 1971, and into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 2008.
Playing career
Henri-André Laperrière was born in Montreal on June 12, 1925, the son of a local streetcar operator. Laperrière played junior ice hockey for the Verdun Terriers in the 1944–45 season. They played for the Montreal Carabins men's ice hockey team while attending the Université de Montréal from 1945 to 1950.
In advance of ice hockey at the 1948 Winter Olympics, they were recruited by Canadian Amateur Hockey Association vice-president Norman Dawe, to play for the Ottawa RCAF Flyers team which represented Canada. Laperrière was instated as a private in the Royal Canadian Air Force. They played in eight matches and scored one goal at the Olympics. During the final eight seconds of the last game against Sweden, they replaced the goaltender Murray Dowey who received a penalty. The RCAF Flyers won the game by a 3–1 score, and won the Olympic gold medal in ice hockey.
After the Olympics, Laperrière declined an offer from the New York Rangers to play professionally. They remained in university and won Canadian Interuniversity Athletic Union hockey championships in 1949 and 1950.
Later life and honours
Laperrière retired from playing hockey in 1950. They later worked as a graphic designer, served as member of the city council for Outremont from 1970 to 1982, and was a president of the Outremont Hockey Association for five years.
As a member of the 1948 Ottawa RCAF Flyers, Laperrière was inducted into the Canadian Forces Sports Hall of Fame in 1971, and into the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame in 2008. In 2001, the Canadian Forces selected the 1948 Ottawa RCAF Flyers team as Canada's greatest military athletes of the 20th century.
Laperrière died in Montreal on March 8, 2015.
References
External links
Henri-André Laperrière's profile at database Olympics
Henri-André Laperrière's obituary
1925 births
2015 deaths
20th-century Canadian politicians
Canadian ice hockey players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Ice hockey players at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Medalists at the 1948 Winter Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic ice hockey players of Canada
Olympic medalists in ice hockey
Quebec municipal councillors
Sportspeople from Montreal
The Da Nang Tennis Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was part of the ATP Challenger Tour. It was held in Da Nang, Vietnam in 2019.
Past finals
Singles
Doubles
References
ATP Challenger Tour
Hard court tennis tournaments
Tennis tournaments in Vietnam
Da Nang
The Mixed 4 × 100 metre medley relay competition of the 2016 European Aquatics Championships was held on 17 May 2016.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world, European and championship records were as follows.
Results
Heats
The heats were held at 11:17.
Final
The final was held at 19:40.
References
Mixed 4 x 100 metre medley relay
European
Shark Sports & Entertainment (SSE) is the privately held parent company of the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League. Based in San Jose, California, SSE not only oversees all areas of operation for the Sharks but also for several sports-related properties throughout the San Francisco Bay Area.
Established in 2000 as Silicon Valley Sports & Entertainment and rebranded to Shark Sports & Entertainment in 2011, the focus of SSE is to leverage the organization's core competencies to grow and/or acquire synergistic businesses that provide patrons with a variety of world-class sports and entertainment options while maintaining a championship-caliber National Hockey League team in San Jose.
SSE is owned by Sharks owner, German business person, and philanthropist Dr. Hasso Plattner. SSE was previously owned by George Gund III and their brother Gordon Gund.
Current properties
Shark Sports & Entertainment currently oversees all areas of business operation for several sports and entertainment entities in the Bay Area including:
San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League (NHL)
San Jose Barracuda of the American Hockey League (AHL)
SAP Center at San Jose, the premier sports and entertainment venue in Santa Clara County, California
Sharks Ice at San Jose, a public ice facility located in San Jose, California
Sharks Ice at Fremont, a public Ice facility located in Fremont, California
Oakland Ice Center, a public ice facility located in Oakland, California
Former properties
Other sports properties previously managed by Sharks Sports & Entertainment include:
SAP Open, an ATP men's professional tennis tournament played in San Jose, California
Regions Morgan Keegan Championships tennis tournament, a men's Association of Tennis Professionals tournament played in Memphis, Tennessee
Cellular South Cup, a professional Women's Tennis Association tournament played in Memphis, Tennessee
Racquet Club of Memphis, a private racquet, swim, and fitness club in Memphis, Tennessee
San Jose Earthquakes of Major League Soccer
Strikeforce (mixed martial arts), a former San Jose-based mixed martial arts organization
San Jose Stealth of Major League Lacrosse (MLL)
Worcester Sharks of the American Hockey League (AHL)
Cleveland Barons of the American Hockey League (AHL)
San Jose Rhinos of Roller Hockey International (RHI)
San Jose Grizzlies of the Continental Indoor Soccer League (CISL)
SVS&E Publishing
Other significant events
Other significant sporting events to come through San Jose that were co-promoted or managed by SSE include:
National Hockey League's Stanley Cup Finals (2016)
NHL All-Star Game (1997, 2019)
NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament (2002, 2007, 2010, 2013, 2017, 2019)
NCAA Division I Women's Basketball Final Four (1999)
U.S. Figure Skating Championships (1996, 2012, 2018)
U.S. Olympic Trials for Men's and Women's Gymnastics (2012, 2016)
Super Bowl 50 Media Day (2016)
References
External links
http://www.sharkssports.net/ SSE Homepage
Sports management companies
Companies based in San Jose, California
2000 establishments in California
The Center for Probing the Nanoscale (CPN) at Stanford University was founded in 2004 by researchers from Stanford University and IBM. The center is one of the National Science Foundation (NSF) Nanoscale Science and Engineering Centers (NSEC). The goal of the center is to develop and apply novel nanoprobes that dramatically improve our capability to observe, manipulate, and control nanoscale objects and phenomena. Developed technology will be transferred to industry for commercial implementation. Nanoprobe development and applications are under way in five theme groups, focusing on Individual Nanomagnet Characterization, Nanoscale Magnetic Resonance Imaging, Nanoscale Electrical Imaging, Plasmonic Scanning Tunneling Microscopy and BioProbes.
Besides the scientific research activities, CPN members actively engage in public outreach programs to bring nanoscale science and technology to a broad and diverse audience. A Summer Institute for Middle School Teachers is held each summer and gives teachers the opportunity to learn about nanotechnology, engage with scientists, develop course material and get hands-on experience in research labs. Nanoprobe lectures and video recordings from various workshops are also available on-line.
External links
National Science Foundation - Consortium of Nanoscale Science and Engineering Centers
Stanford University
National Science Foundation
Nanotechnology institutions
Dojang is a term used in Korean martial arts, such as Taekwondo, Tang Soo Do, Kuk Sool Won, and hapkido, that refers to a formal training hall. It is typically considered the formal gathering place for students of a martial art to conduct training, examinations and other related encounters.
Meaning
Do (道) means "the way" or "art" and jang (場) means "a place", which makes dojang the place where one practices the way. In the case of martial arts it is the place where one practices the path of that martial art, much like dojo in Japanese. More specific terms such as "hapkidojang" or "taekwondojang" can be used for particular subtypes of dojang. The word dojang (道場) originates from Buddhism. The dojang is a place where meditation and practice takes place in the temple; the same Chinese characters for dojang also mean a bodhimanda or (in Japanese) a dojo.
Decoration
The dojang walls can be decorated with a variety of items ranging from the national and federation flag to pictures and calligraphy and boards with the names of techniques practiced in the dojang on it. In general, Korean dojangs are usually heavily decorated.
In dojangs where the practice of the art may involve much falling, there will usually be mats on the floor. In older days the floor could also be covered with the sacks rice was stored in, but in modern days there are a variety of mats available.
At the beginning of class, students may line up according to their rankthe highest-ranking students at the front (first row) left and the lowest-ranking students at the back (last row) right from the point of view of the instructor facing the students (from the point of view of a student, facing the front of the dojang: the highest-ranking students at the front right and the lowest-ranking students at the back left). If several students are of the same rank, age or age of rank may determine their places in line.
Usage
The Korean word for gym is more commonly translated as Che Yuk Gwan (체육관, 體育館), which means "sports place". Dojang refers to the actual place in the gym where practice takes place.
The equivalent Japanese term for "dojang" is dōjō (道場), which means "place of the way", while the Chinese equivalent is wuguan (武館), which means "martial hall".
References
Korean martial arts
The 2000 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were held on January 26–30, 2000 at the Canadian Airlines Saddledome in Calgary, Alberta. They were the figure skating national championship which determines the national champions of Canada. The event was organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body. Skaters competed at the senior, junior, and novice levels in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian teams to the 2000 World Championships, the 2000 Four Continents Championships, and the 2000 World Junior Championships.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
2000 Bank of Montreal Canadian Championships
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Sport in Calgary
2000 in Alberta
is a railway station on the Nippō Main Line operated by JR Kyushu in Usuki, Ōita, Japan.
Lines
The station is served by the Nippō Main Line and is located 169.2 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station has a side platform and an island platform serving three tracks at grade. Two sidings run to the south of platform 3. The station building is a modern concrete structure which houses an enclosed waiting room, shop and a staffed ticket window. Access to the island platform is by means of a footbridge.
Management of the passenger facilities at the station has been outsourced to the JR Kyushu Tetsudou Eigyou Co., a wholly owned subsidiary of JR Kyushu specialising in station services. It staffs the ticket booth which is equipped with a Midori no Madoguchi facility.
Adjacent stations
History
The private Kyushu Railway had, by 1909, through acquisition and its own expansion, established a track from to . The Kyushu Railway was nationalised on 1 July 1907. Japanese Government Railways (JGR), designated the track as the Hōshū Main Line on 12 October 1909 and expanded it southwards in phases, with Usuki opening as the new southern terminus on 15 August 1915. It became a through-station on 25 October 1916 when the track was extended further south to . On 15 December 1923, the Hōshū Main Line was renamed the Nippō Main Line. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Kyushu.
On 17 September 2017, Typhoon Talim (Typhoon 18) damaged the Nippō Main Line at several locations. Services between Usuki and were suspended. Rail services were restored on 18 December 2017. However JR Kyushu reported that recovery work was difficult at the site of the Tokūra Signal Box between Usuki and which had been covered by a landslide. Of the two tracks there, only one would be restored. According to JR Kyushu, having only a single track there (effectively closing down the signal box) would not have a large impact on its timetables and believed that it amounted to a full restoration of service.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016, the station was used by an average of 700 passengers daily (boarding passengers only), and it ranked 206th among the busiest stations of JR Kyushu.
Environs
The station is near the center of the city, convenient to several sites. Among these are
Usuki Ferry Terminal
Administrative offices including the Usuki City Hall, police and fire stations, court, tax office
Usuki Park, location of the former Usuki Castle
Ōita Prefectural Usuki High School
Usuki Shipyard
The Nogami Yaeko Memorial Museum
See also
Usuki Station (Kagoshima)
List of railway stations in Japan
References
This article incorporates information translated from the article 臼杵駅 (Usuki-eki) in the Japanese Wikipedia, retrieved on October 25, 2008.
External links
Usuki (JR Kyushu)
Railway stations in Ōita Prefecture
Stations of Kyushu Railway Company
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1915
Penicillium infrapurpureum is a species of the genus of Penicillium.
References
infrapurpureum
Fungi described in 2014
Prescott-Brown was a Canadian country music trio composed of Tracey Brown, their brother Barry and their husband Randall Prescott. All three were members of Canadian country group, Family Brown, which parted ways in 1990. Signed to Columbia Records, the trio released two albums for the label in 1992 and 1994. The trio made appearances on shows such as The Tommy Hunter Show, The Dini Petty Show, Rita and Friends, Open Mike with Mike Bullard and Adrienne Clarkson Presents.
Biography
Tracey Brown, Barry Brown and Randall Prescott originally came together in 1991 as Tracey Prescott & Lonesome Daddy. The trio's eponymous debut album was released by Sony Music Canada in 1992. Five singles were released from the project, including the Top 10 song "When You're Not Loving Me." The following year, Tracey Prescott & Lonesome Daddy won a Juno Award for Best Country Group or Duo.
They changed their name to Prescott-Brown for the release of their second studio album, 1994's Already Restless. The album's first single, "There You Go," brought them back into the Top 10 of the Canadian country singles chart. Prescott-Brown was nominated for Best Country Group or Duo at the 1995 Juno Awards.
Since disbanding in 1996, Tracey launched a successful solo career.
Tracey Brown and Randall Prescott have two grown children Kelly Prescott and Kaylen Prescott. Following in their parents footsteps they are currently working on producing a full-length album under the band name "Prescott". They have performed at various venues local to their hometown rural of Ottawa. They have also performed at Ottawa's Bluesfest. Their style is reminiscent of the country influences of their parents, but have incorporated elements rock, blues and various instruments into their music.
Discography
Albums
Singles
Music videos
References
Canadian country music groups
Columbia Records artists
Juno Award winners
Musical groups established in 1991
Musical groups disestablished in 1996
1991 establishments in Ontario
"Sir Hugh" is a traditional British folk song.
Sir Hugh may also refer to the following people:
Sir Hugh Acland, 5th Baronet, 17th century English MP
Hugh Allan, Canadian financier and shipowner
Hugh Annesley (police officer), Northern Irish police officer
Hugh Arbuthnot (British Army officer), British soldier and politician
Hugh Trenchard, 1st Viscount Trenchard, British airman and soldier
The Big Blockade is a 1942 British black-and-white war propaganda film in the style of dramatised documentary. It is directed by Charles Frend and stars Will Hay, Leslie Banks, Michael Redgrave and John Mills. It was produced by Michael Balcon for Ealing Studios, in collaboration with the Ministry of Economic Warfare.
At one stage, the film was known as Siege.
Plot
This is a propaganda film in which the British strategy of the economic blockade of Nazi Germany is illustrated through a series of scenes and sketches, combined with documentary footage.
Although released in 1942 it was largely made in 1941 so part of the story is complaint of America's non-involvement.
Main cast
Leslie Banks as Taylor, Civil Service
Michael Redgrave as a Russian on the train
Will Hay as Skipper, Merchant Navy
Bernard Miles as Mate, Royal Navy
Michael Rennie as George, Royal Air Force
John Mills as Tom, Royal Air Force
Frank Cellier as Schneider
Robert Morley as the senior Nazi Official, von Geiselbrecht
Alfred Drayton as Direktor
Marius Goring as German propaganda officer
Austin Trevor as U-boat Captain
Morland Graham as Civil Servant
Albert Lieven as Gunter
John Stuart as Naval officer
Joss Ambler as Stoltenhoff
Michael Wilding as Captain
George Woodbridge as Quisling
Quentin Reynolds as American journalist
Elliott Mason as German stationmistress
Peter De Greef as RAF airman
The film's commentary is made by the journalist and former Liberal MP Frank Owen.
Release
The film premiered at the London Pavilion on 19 January 1942, and the premiere was attended by a group of members of Parliament interested in economic warfare. The film was not well received by The Times, whose critic in 1942 found that "this particular hotch-potch is, as propaganda, woefully unconvincing. It is splendid to give audiences a glimpse of the devoted work done by the Services […] but actors got up as comic Nazi businessmen distort the lessons the more serious parts of the film are trying to drive home", and modern film reviewers are not very much kinder to it.
References
External links
Dr Keith M. Johnston: The Great Ealing Film Challenge 65: The Big Blockade (1942)
1942 films
1940s war comedy-drama films
British war comedy-drama films
British World War II propaganda films
British black-and-white films
Seafaring films
Films set in England
Films set in Denmark
Films set in Germany
Films set in Hungary
Films set in London
Films set in Norway
Ealing Studios films
Films produced by Michael Balcon
Films directed by Charles Frend
Films scored by Richard Addinsell
1942 war films
1942 drama films
British World War II films
1940s English-language films
Gishkaur (Balochi, ) is town and union council of Awaran District in the Balochistan province of Pakistan. During the floods of 2007 Gishkaur was badly affected - 295 households (1038 people) were impacted.
References
Populated places in Awaran District
Union councils of Balochistan, Pakistan
A gigot bitume (asphalt leg of lamb) is a leg of lamb prepared by wrapping the meat in kraft paper and placing in a bath of hot asphalt. This preparation method is used traditionally in France to celebrate the completion of the structural portion of construction projects or public works.
A recipe for the dish, gigot cuit dans le goudron, appears in the 1900 cookbook La Vraie cuisine pratique: Les potages, les poissons, le bœuf, le veau, l'agneau, le mouton, le porc, la volaille, le gibier (True Cuisine Practice: Soups, Fish, Beef, Veal, Lamb, Mutton, Pork, Poultry, Game)
"This is a strange cooking method that can be put to good use by workers. I give the recipe as it was passed on to me. In a hot boiler of asphalt, when paving the ground, immerse a leg of lamb wrapped in very strong paper. With the assistance of a stone attached to one end, it will be pulled into the middle of the tar. One hour of cooking gives the meat a particularly excellent flavor. Salt when removed from the heat."
Usage of this cooking method by asphalt workers, in particular, has existed since the end of the 19th century.
References
French cuisine
Varāhamihira ( 505 – 587), also called Varāha or Mihira, was an ancient Indian astrologer, astronomer, and polymath who lived in Ujjain (Madhya Pradesh, India). They were born at Kayatha, in the Avanti region, roughly corresponding to modern-day Malwa (part of Madhya Pradesh, India), to Adityadasa. According to one of their own works, they were educated at Kapitthaka. The Indian tradition believes them to be one of the "Nine Jewels" (Navaratnas) of the court of ruler Yashodharman Vikramaditya of Malwa. However, this claim appears for the first time in a much later text and scholars consider this claim to be doubtful because neither Varahamihira and Vikramaditya lived in the same century nor did Varahamihira live in the same century as some of the other names in the "nine jewels" list such as the much older Kalidasa.
Varāhamihira's most notable works were the Brihat Samhita, an encyclopedic work on architecture, temples, planetary motions, eclipses, timekeeping, astrology, seasons, cloud formation, rainfall, agriculture, mathematics, gemology, perfumes and many other topics. According to Varahamihira, in some verses they were merely summarizing earlier existing literature on astronomy, Shilpa Sastra and temple architecture, yet their presentation of different theories and models of design are among the earliest texts that have survived. The chapters of the Brihat Samhita and verses of Varahamihira were quoted by the Persian traveler and scholar Al Biruni.
Varāhamihira is also credited with writing several authoritative texts on astronomy and astrology. They learned the Greek language, and they praised the Greeks (Yavanas) in their text for being "well trained in the sciences", though impure in ritual order. Some scholars consider them to be the strong candidate as the one who understood and introduced the zodiac signs, predictive calculations for auspicious ceremonies and astrological computations.
Works
Pancha-Siddhantika
Varāhamihira's main work is the book (“Treatise on the Five Astronomical Canons”) dated , which gives us information about older Indian texts which are now lost. The work is a treatise on mathematical astronomy and it summarises five earlier astronomical treatises by five authors, namely the Surya Siddhanta, Romaka Siddhanta, Paulisa Siddhanta, Vasishtha Siddhanta and Pitamaha Siddhanta. It is a compendium of Vedanga Jyotisha as well as Hellenistic astronomy (withGreek, Egyptian and Roman elements). Varahamihira was the first one to mention that the Ayanāṃśa, or the shifting of the equinox, is 50.32 arc seconds per year.
They [the Indians] have 5 Siddhāntas:
Sūrya-Siddhānta, the siddhānta of the Sun, thought to be composed by deva, but actually composed by Mayasura also known as Mamuni Mayan as stated in the text itself.
Vasishtha-siddhānta, so called from one of the stars of the Great Bear, composed by Vishnucandra,
Paulisa-siddhānta, so called from Paulisa from the city of Saintra composed by Paulisa.
Romaka-siddhānta, so called from the Rūm composed by Śrīsheṇa.
Paitahama-siddhānta.
Brihat-Samhita
Another important contribution of Varahamihira is the encyclopedic Brihat-Samhita. Although the book is mostly about divination, it also includes a wide range of subjects other than divination. It covers wide-ranging subjects of human interest, including astronomy, planetary movements, eclipses, rainfall, clouds, architecture, growth of crops, manufacture of perfume, matrimony and domestic relations. The volume expounds on gemstone evaluation criterion found in the Garuda Purana, and elaborates on the sacred Nine Pearls from the same text. It contains 106 chapters and is known as the "great compilation".
On Astrology
Hora Shastra or Brihadjathaka is a most acclaimed astrological work by Mihira. It is mostly in code language. More than a dozen commentaries have been written for this work. The Kerala School of Astrology is mainly based on the Brihadjathaka.
Their son Prithuyasas also contributed to Hindu astrology; their book Hora Sara is a famous book on horoscopy. Khana (also named Lilavati elsewhere), the medieval Bengali poet astrologer, is believed to be the daughter-in-law of Varahamihira.
Influences
The Romaka Siddhanta ("The Doctrine of the Romans") and the Paulisa Siddhanta were two works of Western origin which influenced Varahamihira's thought. The Pauliṣa Siddhānta is often mistakenly thought to be a single work and attributed to Paul of Alexandria (c. 378 CE). However, this notion has been rejected by other scholars in the field, notably by David Pingree who stated that "...the identification of Paulus Alexandrinus with the author of the Pauliṣa Siddhānta is totally false". A number of their writings share similarities with the earlier texts like Vedanga Jyotisha.
A Bṛhat-Saṃhitā verse (adhyāya II, śloka 14), reads: म्लेच्छा हि यवनास्तेषु सम्यक् शास्त्रमिदं स्थितम् । ऋषिवत् तेऽपि पूज्यन्ते किं पुनर्दैवविद् द्विजः ॥, romanized as mlecchā hi yavanās teṣu samyak śāstram idaṃ sthitam, ṛṣivat te'pi pūjyante kiṃ punar daivavid dvijaḥ. (“The Yavanas are of low origin. When this science (sic) has come to stay with them and when such shastras are worshipped as sages, how much more should an astrologer of twice-born origin be?”)
A comment to that verse, quoting Garga, an earlier astronomer, says: "The Greeks, though barbaric, must be honoured since they have shown tremendous interest in our science..."
Contributions
Trigonometry
Varahamihira improved the accuracy of the sine tables of Aryabhata.
Combinatorics
They recorded the first known 4×4 magic square.
Optics
Among Varahamihira's contribution to physics is their statement that reflection is caused by the back-scattering of particles and refraction (the change of direction of a light ray as it moves from one medium into another) by the ability of the particles to penetrate inner spaces of the material, much like fluids that move through porous objects.
See also
Hora Sara
List of Indian mathematicians
Notes
References
External links
The Brihat-samhita; complete translation by N. Chidambaram Iyer Online edition with glossary
Pancasiddhantika, Brihat Jataka, Brihat Samhita and Hora Shastra Various editions in English and Sanskrit. (PDF)
The Brihat Jataka (1905) (PDF) – archived from Wayback Machine
505 births
587 deaths
6th-century Indian mathematicians
Medieval Indian astrologers
6th-century Indian astronomers
6th-century astrologers
6th-century Indian writers
Huang Wanli (; 20 August 1911 − 27 August 2001) was a Chinese hydrologist. Huang was a professor at Tsinghua University from 1953 to 2001.
Biography
Huang was born in Chuansha County, Jiangsu (now Pudong, Shanghai) on 20 August 1911, the fourth of nine children of Huang Yanpei and Wang Jiusi (). In 1924, they enrolled in Wuxi Industrial School. They entered Tangshan Jiaotong University (now Southwest Jiaotong University) in 1927 and graduated in 1932. After college, they worked as an apprentice engineer at Hangzhou-Zhejiang Railway. In 1934, Huang went to the United States. They received a master's degree from Cornell University in hydrology in 1935 and a doctor of engineering degree from University of Illinois in 1937.
In 1945, Huang became an engineer in China's Ministry of Water Resources. They were the chief engineer and head of the Gansu Water Conservancy Bureau from 1947 till April 1949. They were an adviser of Northeast China Water Conservancy Administration in September 1949. They taught at Tangshan Jiaotong University starting in June 1950, and they were transferred to Tsinghua University in 1953.
In 1957, Huang was labeled a "Rightist" and persecuted by Mao Zedong for their criticism of the Sanmenxia Dam on the Yellow River. Then they were sent to the Poyang Lake, Jiangxi to do hard labor, and was transferred back to Tsinghua University in 1974. During Cultural Revolution, the students of Tsinghua University paraded them and other "reactionary figures" through the streets and beat them in public. Huang was exonerated by the Tsinghua University Communist Party Committee on February 26, 1980.
On August 27, 2001, Huang died on the campus of Tsinghua University.He was buried on April 5, 2021 with their wife, Ding Yujun, at Fenghuangshan Cemetery, Area 10 Row 8 number 12, Changping District, Beijing, China
Personal life
Huang was married to Ding Yujun (), daughter of Ding Weifen, a founding father of Kuomintang. They had six children:
Daughter Huang Qieyuan ()
Son Huang Guanhong ()
Daughter Huang Wuman ()
Son Huang Ertao ()
Son Huang Luchun ()
Daughter Huang Xiaolu ()
References
External links
江河无情人有情——中国著名水利学家黄万里教授生平 黄且圆
江河万里——记水利专家黄万里 曾昭奋
花丛小语 黄万里
三门峡工程争辩史料
黄万里教授抱憾辞世，中国再无人反对三峡工程 戴晴
我所知道的张光斗和黄万里
三门峡：大坝下的回忆
黄万里为其老师罗忠忱教授所撰祭文
无人为三峡工程错误决策承担责任王维洛
1911 births
2001 deaths
Chinese hydrologists
Cornell University College of Engineering alumni
Educators from Shanghai
Engineers from Shanghai
Scientists from Shanghai
Southwest Jiaotong University alumni
Tsinghua University faculty
Grainger College of Engineering alumni
Sukidion is a monotypic butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae erected by Hamilton Herbert Druce in 1891. Its only species, Sukidion inores, was first described by William Chapman Hewitson in 1872. It is endemic to Borneo.
References
Iolaini
Butterflies of Borneo
Monotypic butterfly genera
Taxa named by Hamilton Herbert Druce
Lycaenidae genera
Auðunn Brundal (born 8 July 1980) is an Icelandic television personality, actor and comedian.  They are best known as the co-host of the comedy shows 70 mínútur and Strákarnir, and as the host of Tekinn, the Icelandic version of Ashton Kutcher's show Punk'd. They also starred in the comedy series Svínasúpan (), and in the Icelandic production of Richard Herring's, known as Typpatal'' in Icelandic.
Filmography
The Big Rescue (2009) – Bully
The Magic Wardrobe (2011)
Víti í Vestmannaeyjum (2018)
Gullregn (2020) – Orri
Cop Secret (2021) – Bússi
References
External links
1980 births
Icelandic television personalities
Auðunn Blöndal
Auðunn Blöndal
Auðunn Blöndal
Auðunn Blöndal
Living people
Merete Armand (8 June 1955 – 22 January 2017) was a Norwegian actor.
Life
They were born in Bergen, a daughter of actor Eilif Armand, and sister of actors Gisken Armand and Frøydis Armand. They were educated at the Norwegian National Academy of Theatre. They were assigned with the theatres Sogn og Fjordane Teater, Telemark Teater, Trøndelag Teater, Riksteatret and Den Nationale Scene. They were awarded Pernillestatuetten in 1997.
References
1955 births
2017 deaths
Actors from Bergen
Oslo National Academy of the Arts alumni
20th-century Norwegian actores
21st-century Norwegian actores
Norwegian stage actores
The Steinbach City Council is the governing body of the City of Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada.
The council consists of the mayor and six councillors.
Council members
Earl Funk - Mayor
Bill Hiebert
Jake Hiebert
Damian Penner
Susan Penner
Jac Siemens
Michael Zwaagstra
Mayoral history
The unincorporated village of Steinbach was governed by a Schulz (mayor) and Schultebott (council) from 1874 to 1947 when Steinbach was incorporated as a town (and later as a city). Steinbach's first schulz was Johan Reimer, while the longest-serving schulz was Johan G. Barkman, who served as schulz for 25 years. Their grandson Leonard Barkman also later served as mayor.
The following chart lists Steinbach's mayors since incorporation as a town in 1947.
See also
Manitoba municipal elections, 2006
Manitoba municipal elections, 2010
References
External links
Steinbach City Council
Municipal councils in Manitoba
Steinbach, Manitoba
This is an incomplete list of Filipino full-length films, both mainstream and independently produced, released in theaters and cinemas in 2022. Some films are in production but do not have definite release dates.
Top grossing films
The films released in 2022 by domestic gross are as follows:
January–March
April–June
July–September
Color key
October–December
Color key
References
External links
Philippines
Dirty Radio (stylized as DiRTY RADiO) is a Dance-R&B band from Vancouver, British Columbia, formed in 2010. The band was founded by members Farshad Edalat (lead vocalist, percussion, songwriter) known by their stage name Shadi, Zachary Forbes (DJ, producer, songwriter) known by their stage name Waspy, and Anthony Dolhai (mixer, producer, songwriter) known by their stage name Tonez. The band have released three full-length studio albums ("Debut", "Cassette" and "Pleasures"), one EP (LiCK 1.0), and a number of singles including "Numbers", "True Love", and "My Life".
In 2015, the band began releasing a series of digital singles which were well-received online and garnered millions of plays on Soundcloud and Spotify.
DiRTY RADiO is known for crafting a synthesis of progressive pop, R&B and electronic music and have released a number of collaborations on international labels such as Spinnin' Records, Majestic Casual, Fools Gold, Mad Decent, and Partyfine.
They have also toured and shared the stage with acts such as Dragonette, Funk Hunters, Miami Horror, k-os and Lights.
History
Originally formed as a production trio consisting of Shadi, Waspy and Tonez, the group has since evolved their live show, with Shadi and Waspy taking the stage as an electronic duo. Their rich musical backgrounds have equipped DR with an undeniable ability to light up a crowd. Shadi grew up studying jazz and playing soul and R&B while Waspy was playing drums in punk and metal bands. This distinct history gives them a unique perspective on how they approach making music together. Starting with Waspy's beats and building from there with Shadi's hypnotic melodies, DR is hands-on with every aspect of the creation and production of their work. This attention to detail has enabled DR to collaborate with respected producers and DJs from around the world. Tracks with Young Franco (Australia), Mike Mago (Holland), Jean Tonique (France), Favulous (Italy), Sleepy Tom (Canada), and Just Kiddin (UK) have garnered online love and international airplay from radio stations such as BBC Radio1Extra and Triple J Australia.
Dirty Radio released their first full-length album "Debut" in August, 2010 with the singles "My Heart ft. Sherry St. Germain" and "Wanna Ride" both charting on the Billboard Canadian Emerging Artists Chart. In 2011, follow-up single "Ground Shake" was released to radio in Canada, receiving regular rotation on stations nationwide. In March 2012, "Pressure" from Debut was sampled by Rusko and released on their album Songs, receiving acclaim from Pitchfork Media who in their review of the album highlighted the band's "commanding vocal performance."
Band members
Shadi - vocals, percussion
Tonez - piano, synthesizers
Waspy - drums, keyboards, production
Touring
Discography
Albums
Singles
Awards and nominations
|-
|rowspan="3"|2013
|Pop Artist or Group of the Year
|Sirius XM Indie Awards
|
|-
|Dance/Urban/Rhythmic Song of the Year "Found You"
|Canadian Radio Music Awards
|
|-
|Urban Recording of the Year - Cassette
|Western Canadian Music Awards
|
|-
|2016
|Electronic/Dance Artist of the Year
|Western Canadian Music Awards
|
|-
|2017
|Electronic/Dance Artist of the Year
|Western Canadian Music Awards
|
|}
References
External links
Musical groups from Vancouver
Musical groups established in 2010
2010 establishments in British Columbia
Canadian dance music groups
The Burlington Electric Department (BED) is a municipally-owned electric utility of Burlington, Vermont. It is the largest municipally-owned electric utility in Vermont. It has over 19,600 customers. It is the only utility providing electricity to the city and the Burlington International Airport.
Generating plants
BED operates and owns 50% of the J. C. McNeil wood-powered electric generating facility. When the facility was constructed in 1984, it was the world's largest wood-burning generating plant. It still is one of the largest today. BED also owns and operates the Winooski One hydro facility, a gas turbine, and two solar installations.
History
The utility was created in 1905, after city officials grew dissatisfied with the investor-owned Burlington Light and Power Company and its pricing.
The 30-megawatt coal-fired Moran Municipal Generation Station, named for Mayor J.E. Moran, was completed in 1954. It was decommissioned in 1986. The city has planned to convert it to recreation or museum use.
Historic building
Burlington Electric Department's Pine Street campus was featured as a "Hidden Treasure". It was built around 1969 by architect Julian Goodrich of Freeman French Freeman, and is dedicated to BED's Superintendent from 1954 to 1975, William A. Stebbins. It is "an excellent example of the International Style" with curtain wall construction. The building has two porte-cochères.
Russian software hack
On December 30, 2016, The Washington Post reported that Russian hackers had penetrated the U.S. electric grid through the Burlington Electric computer system. After some elementary fact-checking, journalist Glenn Greenwald reported that this had not happened. A day later, the Post updated the story to say that there was "no indication" that Russian hackers had penetrated the electric grid and that the computer that had been hacked was not connected to it. Regardless, Vermont Governor Peter Shumlin said on Dec 30,"This episode should highlight the urgent need for our federal government to vigorously pursue and put an end to this sort of Russian meddling".
References
External links
Burlington Electric Department Website
Public utilities established in 1905
Municipal electric utilities of the United States
Companies based in Vermont
Electric cooperatives in Vermont
Organizations based in Burlington, Vermont
1905 establishments in Vermont
"Runaway Train" is a power ballad by American alternative rock band Soul Asylum. Its music video is notable for featuring images of missing people, most of them young children and teenagers. Lead singer Dave Pirner has stated that the lyrics originally described their experience of depression.
"Runaway Train" was released in June 1993 as the fourth single from the band's 1992 album, Grave Dancers Union, and became a success around the world. It reached number five on the US Billboard Hot 100 and climbed to the top position on the Canadian RPM Top Singles chart, earning a gold sales certification from the Recording Industry Association of America and selling 600,000 copies in the US. Outside North America, it reached number two in New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, and Switzerland and peaked within the top five on the charts on several other European countries. The song helped bring Grave Dancers Union to a multi-platinum level and won a Grammy Award for Best Rock Song in 1994.
Critical reception
Larry Flick from Billboard wrote, "Acoustic-anchored midtempo tune has a sweet, string-lined undercurrent that is the perfect embodiment of the song's cinematic, romantic lyrics." They added, "Icing on top is a restrained lead vocal and pillowy harmonies. Deserves immediate play." The Daily Vault's Christopher Thelen felt the song was "too sappy and slow". David Howell from Edmonton Journal deemed it "a melancholy song about hopelessness and despair". Dave Sholin from the Gavin Report commented, "Groups like Soul Asylum don't come around very often and neither do songs like this one. For a riveting and chilling experience, go immediately to your VCR and watch the video, which gets my vote as best of the year! A song that truly deserves to become a runaway hit."
Music writer James Masterton commented in their weekly UK chart commentary, that "this track comes with a powerful video featuring shots of homeless children, putting a whole new slant on what would ordinarily be an ordinary love song. Judging just how well this brand of country-sounding rock will do is difficult. If there is any justice it will go on to be a massive hit." Later they added, "Always a strong track and with 'hit' written all over it". Pan-European magazine Music & Media described it as an "alternative guitar-driven pop combo", "temporarily injected with a dash of country." Chris Mundy from Rolling Stone called it a "beautiful acoustic ballad".
Music video
The music video for the song was directed by Tony Kaye and received heavy airplay on MTV and VH1 during its duration. It was published on YouTube in February 2010. The video has amassed more than 171 million views as of January 2022.
Several versions of the video were made. The video for the United States version begins with a fade to a black screen with a big, white blocked text reading: "There are over one million youth lost on the streets of America", while the UK version begins with "100,000 youth are lost on the streets of Britain". The next scene shows a drawing of an adolescent girl, and a Dave Pirner voice-over saying that the drawing is by a girl who had run away more than 110 times. The scene was often omitted when the video was shown, a common practice when videos had additional footage before or after the song.
After Pirner spoke, the video continued with various shots of the band playing the song, and Pirner singing. Three concrete scenes are shown interspersed among the other images of the video. During the first verse, a child is shown witnessing their grandfather beating and eventually killing their grandmother, before fleeing in fear. During the second verse, a young teenage girl is pimped as a prostitute, and initially purchased by the asupervisorstioned abuser. Later, they are dragged into a van by a gang; afterwards, they are picked up by paramedics and taken to the hospital, after getting beaten up. During the coda of the song, a small baby is snatched from their stroller by an older woman, with their mother running after the kidnapper's car.
Throughout the music video, various images of children running, or appearing with injuries from abuse, are shown. During the choruses, pictures of missing children would appear on the screen. After each picture was shown, their full name would appear in large capital letters on the screen, along with the year they had been "missing since...".
After the video, in an ending also not regularly shown, Pirner says in front of the camera, "If you've seen one of these kids, or you are one of them, please call this number," with the following screen showing a number one could contact. MTV cut this part out because they did not want to have the video confused with being a public service announcement. VH1 shows the UK version in its full length.
There were three original versions of the video in the United States, totaling 36 missing children shown. The children shown varied with the location of the broadcast, using missing children from that area.
Resolved cases
According to Kaye, 26 missing children were found after being featured in the video. In 2006, guitarist Dan Murphy stated in an interview with Pasadena Weekly that some of the cases featured in the video had ended in tragedy: "Some weren't the best scenarios. I met a firefighter on the East Coast whose daughter was in the end of the video, and he'd been in a bitter custody battle with their wife over her", Murphy said. "It turned out the girl hadn't run away, but was killed and buried in their backyard by their mother. Then on tour, another girl told us laughingly 'You ruined my life' because they saw themselves on the video at their boyfriend's house and it led them being forced back into a bad home situation."
The UK version of the video featured Vicky Hamilton and Dinah McNicol, who each went missing in 1991. Their remains were found in 2007 at a house in Margate. Peter Tobin has since been convicted of both murders.
Also featured in the UK version was Mark Bartley, a runaway who went missing in 1992. They were recognized in the video by a man who knew Bartley was staying in the tenant's house below them, but was unaware of their missing status. By the time the police arrived, Bartley and the man they were living with were gone. It is unknown what happened to them after this.
Curtis Huntzinger, who was featured in the US video, was located deceased in 2008. Their convicted killer, Stephen Daniel Hash, pleaded guilty to manslaughter and, in 2009, was sentenced to 11 years in Folsom State Prison. Aundria Bowman was also featured in the US video. Them adopted father Dennis Bowman confessed to their murder in February 2020. Them remains were located later that month, and positively identified via DNA testing in May 2020. Already serving two life sentences for another 1980 murder, they were sentenced to an additional 35–50 years for Aundria's murder.
The last image in all three U.S. versions of the video is that of Thomas Dean Gibson, who disappeared from Douglas County, Oregon in 1991 at the age of 2.  They are still missing as of February 2021, and age-progressed photos of them at age 18 and age 21 were released in 2009 and 2012, respectively, by the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children. Thomas's father, Larry Gibson, a former deputy sheriff, was convicted of second degree manslaughter after prosecutors alleged that they accidentally killed Thomas when they shot at a stray cat in their front yard even though no remains were ever found. Larry maintains their innocence and claims to have worked on finding Thomas since being released from prison in 1996. The case was explored on an episode of Unsolved Mysteries.
The version shown in Australia showed a number of young backpacking tourists whose families were looking for them. Many of those shown in the Australian version were confirmed victims of serial killer Ivan Milat, who was arrested in 1994 not long after the Australian film clip was released.
Also featured in the video, but still missing as of February 2021 were Christopher M. Kerze, Martha W. Dunn, Andrea D. Durham, Wilda M. Benoit, Byron E. Page, Kimberly S. Doss, Duane E. Fochtman, John F. Lango, and Patrick S. Betz.
Track listing
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Cover versions
"Runaway Train" was covered by Brent Smith and Zach Myers of American hard rock band Shinedown on their 2014 (Acoustic Sessions) EP and English rockband, Smokie. It was also covered by the British pop band Busted on their 2004 double A-side "Thunderbirds / 3AM". Dee from 'It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia' covered the song in the episode the gang hits the road. In 2019, National Center for Missing & Exploited Children invited Jamie N Commons, Skylar Grey and Gallant to cover the song for "Runaway Train 25" campaign. KIDinaKORNER/Interscope donate a portion of the proceeds from domestic digital downloads and streams of the recording to NCMEC for the first year.
References
1990s ballads
1992 songs
1993 singles
Grammy Award for Best Rock Song
Jamie N Commons songs
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Alternative rock ballads
Song recordings produced by Michael Beinhorn
Songs about depression
Songs about trains
Songs written by Dave Pirner
Soul Asylum songs
Works about missing people
American folk rock songs
American soft rock songs
Columbia Records singles
Kotoe (written: or ) is a feminine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
, Japanese volleyball player
, Japanese figure skater and coach
Japanese feminine given names
Karkatsi (; Dargwa: Къяркъяцимахьи) is a rural locality (a selo) in Urarinsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 70 as of 2010.
Geography
Karkatsi is located 39 km southwest of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Muskilimakhi and Kurkimakhi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Mount Yuntai may refer to:
Mount Yuntai (Matsu), a mountain in Taiwan
Yuntai Mountain (Henan), a mountain in Henan
County roads in Minnesota are roads locally maintained by county highway departments in Minnesota. County roads span a wide variety of road types, varying from A-minor arterials that carry large volumes of traffic to gravel roads.
Most county roads in Minnesota are designated with numbers that are unique within each county. Although most counties designate with only numbers, a few in Dodge County use letters instead, and two in Isanti County use a combination of a number and letter.
County Roads
County roads in Minnesota are marked with a general white square shield with black lettering and route number. Though route numbers are unique only within a county, due to historical reasons, some county routes maintain their number from one county to another, such is the case with County Road 1 in Chisago and Pine Counties (following a historical road named Kettle River Trail from the early part of Minnesota's history) or County Road 61 in Pine and Carlton Counties (following former U.S. Highway 61).
County State Aid Highways
Some county routes are designated as County State Aid Highways (CSAH). These routes are constructed and maintained by counties, but they are eligible for funding from the County State Aid Highway Fund. Differences in signage between CSAH routes and other county roads depends on the county. Some counties, such as Stearns County, delineate between the two by using the "standard" M1-6 blue pentagon shield for CSAH designated routes and Minnesota's general white square shield for other county routes. The M1-6 blue pentagon shield's route number may be shown in either white or gold, depending on the county. In many counties, CSAH are given low route designation numbers and non-CSAH are given higher route designation numbers, but this is not a rule, for example, Hennepin County Road 26 is a non-CSAH, but other county roads in this series are CSAH.
Inter-county Highways
A few roads that cross county borders are also signed with an "inter-county" designation and a letter, but this system is not shown on most maps. However, as these highways provide important alternate routes to the state highway system, the Minnesota Department of Transportation have recommended a local route numbering / labeling system that clearly identifies county routes that are continuous into neighboring counties. These routes, if marked, are marked with either a white square shield or a blue pentagon shield, with a blue square shield containing the route letter directly under shield with the route number. Like the M1-6 blue pentagon shield's route number, the inter-county route letter may be shown in either white or gold, depending on the county.
Lists of county roads in Minnesota
References
External links
The Unofficial Minnesota Highways Page: County Highway Systems by Steve Riner
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1588.
Events
January 1 – The Children of Paul's perform at the court of Queen Elizabeth I of England, probably acting John Lyly's Gallathea.
February 2 – The Children of Paul's return to the English court, probably with Lyly's Endymion.
February 28 – The gentlemen of Gray's Inn perform Thomas Hughes' play The Misfortunes of Arthur before Queen Elizabeth I of England, at Greenwich Palace.
May–December – Lope de Vega serves in the Spanish Armada, where they begin writing their epic poem La Hermosura de Angélica.
November – Marprelate Controversy: The first tract by "Martin Marprelate", known as the Epistle, appears at Molesey.
Venice's Biblioteca Marciana is completed by Vincenzo Scamozzi on the Piazza San Marco after more than a century of construction following a plan by the late Jacopo Sansovino.
John Dee finishes Libri mysteriorum I-XVIII (Spiritual Diaries).
Welsh author Morris Kyffin publishes the first translation into English of a comedy by Terence, Andria, in London. It is possibly the first printed English text to include an ellipsis (...) as a mark of omission.
Agostino Ramelli publishes Le diverse et artificiose Machine del Capitano Agostino Ramelli, Dal Ponte Della Tresia Ingegniero del Christianissimo Re di Francia et di Pollonia in Paris, including a design for a bookwheel to permit consultation of multiple volumes.
1588–1589 – The Earliest probable date for the composition and first performance of Christopher Marlowe's The Tragicall History of the Life and Death of Doctor Faustus in London.
New books
Prose
William Allen – An Admonition to the nobility and people of England
John Dee – De heptarchia mystica
Robert Greene – Pandosto: The Triumph of Time
Thomas Hariot – A Briefe and True Report of the New Found Land of Virginia
Thomas Nashe – The Anatomie of Absurditie
William Rankins – The English Ape
Welsh Bible (translation by William Morgan)
Drama
Thomas Hughes – The Misfortunes of Arthur
George Peele – The Battle of Alcazar (first performed)
Poetry
Felipe Fernandez-Armesto – Two Prayers and a Sailor's Lilt Aboard the Spanish Armada
Heinrich Meibom –
Jean de Sponde – Essai de quelques poèmes chrétiens
Births
April 5 – Thomas Hobbes, English philosopher (died 1679)
April 15 – Claudius Salmasius (Claude Saumaise), French classicist (died 1653)
June 11 (probably) – George Wither, English poet and pamphleteer (died 1667)
September 8 – Marin Mersenne, French theologian and philosopher (died 1648)
October 16 – Luke Wadding, Irish Franciscan annalist (died 1657)
Unknown dates
Leonard Digges (writer), English poet and Hispanist (died 1635)
Francis Higginson, English-born New England writer (died 1630)
Johannes Maccovius (Jan Makovszki), Polish theologian (died 1644)
Deaths
February 24 – Johann Weyer, Dutch demonologist (born c. 1515)
March 29 – Christian Wurstisen, Swiss theologian and historian (born 1544)
September 3 – Richard Tarlton, English actor (born 1530)
October 2 – Bernardino Telesio, Italian philosopher (born 1509)
November 1 – Jean Daurat, French poet (born 1508)
Unknown date – Sperone Speroni, Italian scholar and dramatist (born 1500)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The 1984 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships refer to one of two NCAA-sponsored events held during May 1984 to determine the national champions of men's and women's collegiate tennis in the United States:
1984 NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Championships – the 38th annual men's national championships, held at the Dan Magill Tennis Complex at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia
1984 NCAA Division I Women's Tennis Championships– the 3rd annual women's national championships, held at the Los Angeles Tennis Center in Los Angeles, California
The men's and women's tournaments would not be held at the same site until 2006.
See also
NCAA Division II Tennis Championships (Men, Women)
NCAA Division III Tennis Championships (Men, Women)
References
External links
List of NCAA Men's Tennis Champions
List of NCAA Women's Tennis Champions
NCAA Division I tennis championships
NCAA Division I Tennis Championships
The Convention of Saint Petersburg may refer to several diplomatic agreements including
Convention of Saint Petersburg (1747), treaty between Russia, Britain and the Dutch Republic during the War of the Austrian Succession
Saint Petersburg Declaration of 1868, a convention renouncing the military use of explosive small-weapons projectiles
Anglo-Russian Convention, treaty between Britain and Russia in 1907 agreeing not to annex Afghanistan
See also
Saint Petersburg Declaration (disambiguation)
Treaty of Saint Petersburg (disambiguation)
Live at Montreux Jazz Festival is a live album by guitarist Carlos Santana and saxophonist Wayne Shorter that was released in 2005. The album is a record of their performance at the Montreux Jazz Festival on July 14, 1988.
Background
Santana and Shorter played together before, on The Swing of Delight (1980), and on This Is This! (1986), the final album by Weather Report, though Shorter left halfway through recording the album. Two years later they played at the jazz festival in Montreux, Switzerland, with musicians that were mostly from Santana's band: José Areas, Armando Peraza, Leon "Ndugu" Chancler, and keyboardist Chester Thompson. Bass guitarist Alphonso Johnson was from Weather Report. There was also a DVD-Video of the concert.
Track listing
Disc one
"Spiritual" (John Coltrane) – 8:20
"Peraza" (Armando Peraza, David Sancious) – 9:20
"Shhh" (Patrice Rushen) – 8:27
"Incident at Neshabur" (Alberto Gianquinto, Santana) – 4:20
"Elegant People" (Shorter) – 4:40
"Goodness and Mercy" (Santana, Thompson) – 9:50
"Sanctuary" (Shorter) – 4:55
Disc two
"For Those Who Chant" (Luis Gasca) – 5:11
"Blues for Salvador" (Santana, Thompson) – 6:46
"Fireball 2000" (Rushen) – 8:29
"Ballroom in the Sky" (Shorter) – 7:20
"Once It's Gotcha" (Santana, Thompson, Johnson, Jeffrey Cohen, Tom Coster) – 8:59
"Mandela" (Peraza) – 8:22
"Deeper, Dig Deeper" (Santana, Thompson, Buddy Miles, Sterling Crew) – 8:41
"Europa (Earth's Cry Heaven's Smile)" (Santana, Coster) – 6:10
DVD-Video
"Peraza"
"Shhh"
"Incident At Neshabur"
"Elegant People"
"Percussion Solo"
"Goodness & Mercy"
"Sanctuary" / "Let The Music Speak"
"Blues For Salvador"
"Fireball 2000"
"Ballroom In The Sky"
"Once It's Gotcha"
"For Those Who Chant"
"Mandela"
"Deeper, Dig Deeper"
"Europa"
"Interview"
Personnel
Musicians
Carlos Santana – guitar
Wayne Shorter – saxophone
Patrice Rushen – keyboards
Chester D. Thompson – keyboards
Alphonso Johnson – bass guitar
Leon "Ndugu" Chancler – drums
Armando Peraza – congas
José Chepito Areas – timbales
Production
Carlos Santana – executive producer
Joel Jaffe – producer, engineer
Marc Dimmitt – engineer
Ken Friedman – photography
Mark Brady – photography
References
2005 live albums
Wayne Shorter live albums
Carlos Santana live albums
Albums recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival
Channel 6 - Lawrence, KS was a 24-hour local information channel based in Lawrence, Kansas which served Douglas County, Leavenworth County and Wyandotte County west of Interstate 435. Owned by Midco Communications, the channel was based at the company's corporate headquarters at New Hampshire and Seventh Streets (near the offices for former sister newspaper, the Lawrence Journal-World) in downtown Lawrence. Previously, the channel was called 6 News Lawrence. Newscasts ceased after Midco Communications bought the organization in July 2017.
It was carried on Midco cable channel 6 in high definition throughout the provider's service area (which in addition to Lawrence, also included the communities of Eudora, Tonganoxie, Lecompton, Basehor, and the Piper neighborhood of Kansas City, Kansas.
History
6News was originally launched by The World Company (parent company of the Lawrence Journal-World) in 1972 was provider as an exclusive service of Sunflower CableVision (later Sunflower Broadband). As part of the sale of Sunflower Broadband, 6News was sold to cable overbuilder Knology in October 2010, sold some of their news media business to internet and cable provider Knology for $165 million.
The channel was subsequently acquired by Wide Open West on April 18, 2012, as part of the company's $750 million purchase of Knology.
Channel 6 News aired its last program on August 4, 2017. Its new owner, Midco, purchased the company from WOW! Broadband on January 13, 2017. Channel 6 currently broadcasts Midco's Dakota sports network, while a localized version of the network was launched on channel 32 in November 2017.
Programming
6 News' primarily programming consisted of locally produced newscasts focusing on the Lawrence area, under the title WOW! 6 News, which aired Monday through Friday evenings at 5:00, 6:00, 8:00 and 10:00 p.m. Other local programs featured on the channel include the trivia game show 1 on 1 Trivia; sports programs The Drive (featuring sports highlights and game discussion) and Varsity Showcase (focusing on high school athletics); talk shows The Not So Late Show (which maintained a late-night talk show format), Town Topic and Business Spotlight; and lifestyle programs Jayni's Kitchen (formatted as a cooking series) and Final Fridays Preview (focusing on northeast Kansas' art community, and previewing that month's "Final Fridays" event in downtown Leavenworth). The channel also broadcast high school football games involving Lawrence area teams on Friday evenings during September and October. The channel was discontinued in August 2017.
References
External links
Television stations in Kansas
24-hour television news channels in the United States
Lawrence, Kansas
Television channels and stations disestablished in 2017
Adrian O'Connor (born 11 January 1972) is a retired male backstroke swimmer from Ireland. They competed for their native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia, where they did not qualify for the final in their two individual starts (100m and 200m backstroke). They were born in New Ross, Wexford.
References
External links
1972 births
Living people
Male backstroke swimmers
Irish male swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Ireland
Swimmers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
20th-century Irish people
21st-century Irish people
Jamia-tul-Madina (Urdu: ) is a chain of Islamic universities in India, Pakistan and in European and other countries established by Dawat-e-Islami. The Jamia-tul-Madina are also known as Faizan-e-Madina. Dawat-e-Islami has grown its network of Madaris from Pakistan to Europe.
List of branches
Jamia-tul-Madina has 200+ branches in Pakistan, 11 in India and 18 in other countries.
Also in Bangladesh, Jamia-tul- Madina has produced scholars who are serving in the United Kingdom.
Programmes
Weekly religious congregations are held regularly on weekends in every Jamia-tul-Madina.
In Pakistan
The number of students is 11719 in Jamia-tul-Madina, Karachi, Pakistan .
In India
In other countries
Faizan-e-Madina institutes of Islamic education are spread in various countries around the world.
Faizan-e-Madina, United Kingdom Peterborough
Faizan-e-Madina, Hong Kong in Tsuen Wan
References
External links
Official Website
Dawat-e-Islami
Islamic schools in Pakistan
Madrasas in Pakistan
Madrasas in India
Islam in the United Kingdom
Madrasas in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 1995
1995 establishments in Pakistan
Barelvi Islamic universities and colleges
The Student Rec Center at Indiana State University is a building nearing completion on Indiana State's campus in Terre Haute, Indiana.
The rec center will include a three-court gymnasium and a multi-activity court with a durable surface suitable for such activities as soccer and roller hockey. Plans also call for a leisure aquatics facility, jogging track, climbing wall, fitness center, spinning room, two multi-purpose rooms, student lounge, juice bar, and outdoor recreation yard.
References
Indiana State University board approves student rec center plans
Indiana State University
Buildings and structures in Vigo County, Indiana
The College of Sciences at the Georgia Institute of Technology is one of the six colleges at the institute.
History
Until 1990, there was no independent college for the sciences. Before then, there had been three colleges: the College of Engineering, the College of Management, and College of Science and Liberal Studies (COSALS). As part of their restructuring plan, John Patrick Crecine reorganized the institute; they split COSALS into the College of Sciences and combined the liberal arts and management programs into the Ivan Allen College of Management and Liberal Arts. The latter would be split by G. Wayne Clough in 1998.
Schools
School of Biological Sciences
School of Chemistry and Biochemistry
School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
School of Mathematics
School of Physics
School of Psychology
Degrees
Undergraduate
Almost all of the undergraduate degrees offered by the College of Sciences have concentration options and/or a "business plan."
B.S. in Biology
B.S. in Chemistry
B.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science
B.S. in Applied Mathematics
B.S. in Discrete Mathematics
B.S. in Applied Physics
B.S. in Physics
Master's
M.S. in Prosthetics and Orthotics
M.S. in Biology
M.S. in Bioinformatics
M.S. in Chemistry
M.S. in Paper Science and Engineering
M.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science
M.S. with a Major in Earth and Atmospheric Sciences
5-year B.S. M.S. in Earth and Atmospheric Science
M.S. in Mathematics
M.S. in Statistics
M.S. in Quantitative and Computational Finance
M.S. in Applied Physics
M.S. in Physics
M.S. in Applied Psychology
M.S. in Human Computer Interaction
Doctoral
Ph.D. in Applied Physiology
Ph.D. in Biology
Ph.D. in Bioinformatics
Ph.D. in Chemistry
Ph.D. in Paper Science and Engineering
Ph.D. in Earth and Atmospheric Science
Ph.D. in Algorithms, Combinatorics, Optimization
Ph.D. in Mathematics
Ph.D. in Physics
Ph.D. in Engineering Psychology
Ph.D. in Experimental Psychology
Ph.D. in Industrial/Organizational Psychology
References
External links
College of Sciences
College of Sciences
"Lost" is the fifteenth episode of military science fiction television series Stargate Universe. The episode originally aired on April 30, 2010 on Syfy in the United States, and on SPACE in Canada. The episode was directed by, Rohn Schmidt who previously acted as the director of photography in Air. It was written by Martin Gero, a co-executive producer of Stargate Atlantis.
In this episode, the off-world team continues its search for a way out of the tunnels. However a collapse traps Sgt. Greer under the rubble. Fearing their death the team leaves them behind trying to catch up to the Destiny, which is close to leaving the galaxy. In their solitude Greer relives memories of their abusive father.
Plot
Dr. Nicholas Rush (Robert Carlyle) continues to work with Adam Brody (Peter Kelamis) to try to rescue the stranded off-world team. Meanwhile, Sgt. Riley (Haig Sutherland) has taken over kino duties, documenting activities around the ship. However their efforts are hampered by Destiny'''s sudden loss of power, including the kinos.
As the off-world team explores the tunnels searching for a way out, Eli (David Blue) comes up with a plan to get them back to Destiny. They plan to move from planet to planet hoping there are gates in range to keep them moving, eventually reaching Destiny. Power is partially restored to Destiny, but it reveals bad news. Dr. Rush informs Colonel Young (Louis Ferreira) that the ship is about to leave the galaxy, and that the next time Destiny comes out of FTL will be the last chance to find the off-world team.
Meanwhile, the kino has found an exit out of the tunnels. Chloe (Elyse Levesque) believes they have found a map to aid them. Greer checks the hypothesis, but a tremor causes rubble to fall on Greer, trapping him. Eli, Chloe and Scott race to free Greer, but as the tremors get worse, and no reply from Greer is given, the team is forced to abandon the rescue and leave Greer behind. Meanwhile, Destiny has dropped out of FTL and Young dispatches a team to try to find the off-world team by moving planet to planet using the Stargates.
As Greer regains consciousness and tries to dig their way out of the rubble, they relive memories of their abusive father (Sean Blakemore), such as being locked in a closet, being told to move and stack bricks and subsequently being left to fend for themselves as a child. Greer is able to dig their way out and races towards the Stargate, but it is too late. Eli, Chloe and Scott have left and begin trying to find their way back to Destiny.
Greer, with no other choice, settles in, waiting for a rescue. They relive a memory of their home on fire.  They are able to rescue their mother (Stefanie Samuels), but their father is caught in an explosion. Meanwhile, with time running out, James and Rush split up to cover more planets in an effort to find the off-world team. On the Destiny T.J. (Alaina Huffman) reveals to Colonel Young that they are pregnant and that they are the father. Colonel Young assures T.J. that they will make it work.
Eli, Chloe and Scott continue to jump from planet to planet. However they lose their only kino to a planet with a toxic atmosphere. Eli recognizes one of the addressees, as the planet where Rush was stranded. Chloe suggests re-tracing their steps, but Eli disagrees. With no kino, each trip through the gate could be their last. Eli suggests going to the planet, and looking through the downed ship's computers to try to have a better chance of getting to the Destiny. Scott reluctantly agrees to do so. Meanwhile, James has managed to find Greer.
As Eli searches through the ship's computer, they are unable to make sense of it. However Chloe recognizes some of the symbols and uses their knowledge to access a map of the galaxy. Eli now knows how to get back to the Destiny but realizes it is about to leave the galaxy and they race to make it back. Eli, Chloe and Scott make it to the final planet and attempt a dial to Destiny. However at the same time Rush and their team arrive back on Destiny blocking Eli's attempt. With time expired, Destiny jumps to FTL, and the team is left stranded.
ReceptionLost was viewed by 1.587 million live viewers, resulting in a 1.0 Household rating, a 0.6 among adults 18-49. These figures were not seen since the episode Divided.
Carl England of Den of Geek positively received the episode, saying that it "takes us from one place to another without feeling contrived." England was also pleased with the chance to explore Greer's past; being able to find out "why they are the way they are, showing their relationship with their parents and the obvious effect it had on him." Overall, England thought the ending was "pretty dour" and it left them with questions that would be answered in the following episode. Ramsey Isler of IGN rated "Lost" an "Impressive" 8.2 out of 10. It was praised for Jamil Walker Smith's portrayal of Sgt. Greer, saying that "this is the first time Greer comes off as vulnerable, and even a little scared, and it fully fleshes out a character who was already a fan favorite." However among Isler's complaints was the "crazy guy in the hospital flashback", the cheesiness of the T. rex scene and the overall pacing of the episode was slow. Meredith Woerner from Io9'' was "generally pleased" with the episode. Woerner was a split with Greer's past, saying it was "stereotypical mean Daddy issues" and the idea of post traumatic syndrome as the excuse for the change in behavior is cliche.
References
External links
Lost at mgm.com
"Lost" at Stargate wikia
Stargate Universe episodes
2010 American television episodes
it:Episodi di Stargate Universe (prima stagione)#Dispersi
Jorge Luis Anchén Cajiga (; born 17 August 1980) is a Uruguayan former football midfielder who played in Argentina, Colombia, Sweden and Uruguay.
Career
Born in Montevideo, Anchén started their professional career in 1999 with Danubio FC. After a loan spell with Argentinos Juniors in 2005-2006 they returned to Uruguay to join Bella Vista.
At the beginning of 2008 they moved to Sweden to join AIK from Bella Vista after one year with AIK they joined San Martín de Tucumán of Argentina.
Afterwards Anchén played for Deportivo Pasto in Colombia.
International
They have been capped 6 times for Uruguay, six times on senior level. Anchén represented their country in the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship and in 2001 they were selected to play for Uruguay in the Copa América 2001.
References
External links
Argentine Primera statistics
Profile at Tenfield
1980 births
Living people
Footballers from Montevideo
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguay international footballers
Uruguay under-20 international footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Danubio F.C. players
C.A. Bella Vista players
AIK Fotboll players
Argentinos Juniors footballers
San Martín de Tucumán footballers
Deportivo Pasto footballers
Rampla Juniors players
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
2001 Copa América players
Uruguayan Primera División players
Argentine Primera División players
Allsvenskan players
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Rudbar (, also Romanized as Rūdbār) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,027, in 277 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The Walpole Academy is a historic former school building on Main Street in Walpole, New Hampshire. It is now owned by the Walpole Historical Society and operated as a local history museum. Built in 1831, it is a fine rural example of a 19th-century Greek Revival academy building, which served the surrounding area as a private academy until 1853, and as Walpole's public high school until 1950. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.
Description and history
The former Walpole Academy building stands on the south side of Walpole's village center, set well back on the east side of Main Street. It is a -story wood-frame structure, covered with gabled roof and wooden clapboards. The building has a classic Greek temple appearance, with Doric columns supporting an entablature and a triangular pediment with a fanlight detail. The building is topped by an octagonal, arcaded cupola.
Walpole Academy was established as a private secondary school in 1825. The present building was erected in 1831, probably by Aaron Prentiss Howland, a local builder known for many local high quality Greek Revival designs. The academy remained private until 1853, when the town acquired it for use as its high school. It was purchased from the town by the historical society in 1950. The museum now houses items of local interest, including town records and historical artifacts.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
External links
Walpole Historical Society - Academy Museum
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Greek Revival architecture in New Hampshire
School buildings completed in 1831
Museums in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
History museums in New Hampshire
Historical societies in New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Walpole, New Hampshire
1831 establishments in New Hampshire
Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame, Inc. is a nonprofit corporation, recognized by the State of Minnesota as a means of honoring aviation pioneers (both living and deceased) within the state.
The Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame collects and maintains a biographical file on each significant Minnesota aviation figure. These files include interview tapes, photos and other memorabilia.
Replicas of the award plaques given to the Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame inductees are on display in the Wings of the North aviation museum located near the Flying Cloud Airport control tower in Eden Prairie, Minnesota. More than 200 Hall of Fame Inductee plaques are displayed.
See also
North American aviation halls of fame
National Aviation Hall of Fame
American Combat Airman Hall of Fame
Arizona Aviation Hall of Fame
Colorado Aviation Hall of Fame
Iowa Aviation Hall of Fame
Aviation Hall of Fame and Museum of New Jersey
Science Museum Oklahoma
Texas Aviation Hall of Fame
Utah Aviation Hall of Fame
Western Canada Aviation Museum
Cirrus Aircraft
External links
Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame
Wings of the North
Aviation history of the United States
Aviation halls of fame
Aviation pioneers
History organizations based in the United States
Halls of fame in Minnesota
State halls of fame in the United States
Aerospace museums in Minnesota
Museums in Duluth, Minnesota
Wingerworth is a large village and parish in North East Derbyshire, England. Its population, according to the 2011 census, was 6,533. Wingerworth is southwest of Chesterfield, south of Sheffield and north of London.
Tupton, Clay Cross, Grassmoor and Ashover are nearby.
History
Wingerworth is first recorded in the Domesday Book of 1086 as a community of fourteen houses of freemen. In the book it is called Wingreurde, an Anglo-Saxon name meaning "King's Land."
For the bulk of the Middle Ages, the lords of Wingerworth Manor were the Brailsfords. After their flight attendantship, the lordship descended in a relatively uncertain manner to the Curzons of Kedleston Hall until finally coming under the lordship of the Hunloke Family. The seat of the Hunloke Family was at Wingerworth Hall, which was demolished in 1927 to make way for housing developments, as a buyer could not be found for the property. The Hall was also used as a Roundhead garrison during the English Civil War.
Education
Wingerworth has two mixed-sex, non-denominational primary schools (Deer Park Primary School and Hunloke Park Primary School). Both have around 200 to 300 pupils, drawn from the area and surrounding villages. The schools compete in sports such as football, cricket, tag rugby and netball. Wingerworth also has two pre-schools and nurseries in New Road Nursery and Hunloke Park school for children aged between 2–4 years. Secondary education is mostly provided in nearby Tupton, at Tupton Hall secondary school.
Sports
Football is played in Wingerworth and there are several local football teams competing in District leagues. The WJSA is a junior football association that play in the Rowsley league and has many different teams for both boys and girls.
Wingerworth has a Football Pitch, a Cricket Field, several Tennis Courts and a Bowling green in the main park.
Clubs and groups
There are many clubs and groups in the village for all ages, including the 3rd Wingerworth Scout Group 3rd Wingerworth Scout Group for young people aged between 6 and 14, and Wingerworth Wobblers Running Club. The village also had a well-established Cricket Club who won Division 7N of the Derbyshire County League in 2013. Martial arts clubs are also run within Wingerworth for people of all ages to participate in.
Demography
In the 2011 census, Wingerworth had a population of 6,533 persons. Of that population, 98.3% was White, 0.6% Asian, and 0.8% Mixed/multiple.
See also
All Saints' Church, Wingerworth
Wingerworth Hall
References
External links
OFSTED Reports for Wingerworth schools and nurseries.
Website of The 3rd Wingerworth Scout Group.
New Road Nursery, Wingerworth Website
After School Care in Wingerworth
Villages in Derbyshire
Civil parishes in Derbyshire
North East Derbyshire District
Brent Kenneth Ashabranner (November 3, 1921 – December 1, 2016) was an American Peace Corps administrator, including its 1967–69 deputy director, and author of more than 30 books, primarily non-fiction children's literature, which received over 40 awards.
Early life
Ashabranner was born in Shawnee, Oklahoma in 1921, the son of a pharmacist father and sibling of older brother Gerard. After five years, their parents moved the family to El Reno, Oklahoma, where they bought a pharmacy with oil royalties their mother received from family land, and were successful at business. Their father lost the drugstore, however, to the Great Depression economy in 1932, followed by closure of their bank. A year later, the family moved to Bristow, Oklahoma, where Ashabranner's father had been offered a better job. Ashabranner was an avid reader and writer in school and became increasingly interested in foreign countries. Sport interests included track and tennis. Ashabranner graduated from high school in 1939.
Their brother Gerard studied law informally, though persistently, while working for a local lawyer and passed the state bar exam, enabling them to practice law and support himself. Ashabranner enrolled in Oklahoma A&M (now Oklahoma State University–Stillwater) majoring in English. The school's library introduced them to many of the best writers of the time, including Hemingway and Fitzgerald. While waiting in line to register for classes, Ashabranner met Martha White from Roswell, New Mexico, who would be their future wife. Seeking additional income, Ashabranner's English professor suggested they write pulp fiction; choosing the Western genre, Ashabranner began earning a penny a word – $50 for a 5,000-word story. At the end of their sophomore year, the same professor offered them $100 per month for part-time work in their office. Ashabranner and their wife were married three months later in mid 1941.
With America's entry into World War II five months later, Ashabranner joined the U.S. Navy's Construction Battalion (Seabees), with training at Camp Peary near Williamsburg, Virginia. Their education status led to theirs being assigned to the camp's personnel office and they continued working with camp administrators for two years, during which Ashabranner's wife moved to Williamsburg. Ashabranner was then assigned to the naval amphibious forces. Their vessel visited much of the Pacific before the war ended in August 1945. The couple resumed their lives in Stillwater in 1946, re-enrolling at Oklahoma A&M and selling their stories. They earned undergraduate degrees in English and Home Economics, respectively, in 1948 and Ashabranner continued on to earn a master's degree in English (1951). They took a job as an instructor in the school's English department and the couple had two daughters in the early 1950s.
Helping other countries
In 1955, Ashabranner was given a chance to work in Africa. With its well-rated agricultural department, Oklahoma A&M was asked by the Truman administration's Point Four Program to help Ethiopia start an agricultural college. The school was in agreement and had for several years sent people for this purpose. Ethiopia later asked for help with creating school books, and Oklahoma A&M was again asked to recruit advisors, one of whom was Ashabranner. The job was for two years, after which they and their family were to return to Stillwater and the English department. Instead, they ended up living in Africa and Asia for 25 years.
Ethiopia
Ashabranner's job, in national capital Addis Ababa, was to start two magazines modeled after My Weekly Reader and Scholastic Corporation's Junior Scholastic. One magazine would be for Ethiopia's elementary grades and written in Amharic, the national language, and the other would be written in English for later grades. The goal was to teach readers about their country and its history. While Ashabranner struggled with Amharic, their work partner, Russel Davis, learned it much more readily. The two traveled Ethiopia for a month with native counterparts to take in the country's culture. They visited the historic city of Aksum, and various cultural groups including the Amharas, Gallas, Guragies, and Falasha. Ashabranner and Davis used what they learned from this trip, and others like it, to tell educational stories in their magazine articles, and they wrote their first book, The Lion's Whiskers, published in 1959. Ashabranner's wife, Martha, once taught home economics skills at a local girls' school, as well.
Libya and Nigeria
When their time in Ethiopia was up, the Point Four Program asked Ashabranner to help them in Libya. After much consideration, they resigned from the newly renamed Oklahoma State University and their family went to Libya. Davis returned to the U.S. and became an educator at Harvard University, but they continued to write six more books together. While in Libya, one such book was Ten A Thousand Desert Swords in 1960. The family next went to Nigeria, long a colony of Britain and about to receive its independence. While Ashabranner worked there, U.S. President John F. Kennedy created the Peace Corps and its first director, Sargent Shriver, visited Nigeria to see about establishing the program. Ashabranner, at that time part of the United States Agency for International Development, was assigned to escort Shriver, who then appointed Ashabranner in charge of setting up operations after Nigeria agreed to participate. Also while there, Ashabranner became a non-fiction writer, working with Davis on their last and best-selling book together, Land in the Sun: The Story of West Africa (1963).
India, America, and Southeast Asia
Ashabranner's next assignment was in India, where they were the local director when its Peace Corps program became the largest in the world in 1965. After nearly four years in India, the next Peace Corps director asked Ashabranner to return to America and become the international program's deputy director. They bought a house in a Maryland suburb of Washington, D.C. and their daughters graduated from Walter Johnson High School there. In May 1969, Ashabranner was among the guests invited to the Nixon White House for Joseph Blatchford's swearing-in ceremony as the third Peace Corps director. Ashabranner's daughter Melissa earned degrees from Temple University and Yale, while daughter Jennifer trained professionally in pet grooming and photography. Ashabranner and their wife then returned oversees while they worked with the philanthropic Ford Foundation, moving from the Philippines to Indonesia in 1976.
Full-time writing
In 1980, Ashabranner and their wife returned to America to be near their daughters and devote their full-time work to writing non-fiction books for young readers. Most of their more recent work is illustrated by Paul Conklin, whom Ashabranner first met in Nigeria. Daughter Jennifer also illustrated several of Ashabranner's books, beginning with Always to Remember (1988) about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. They collaborated with daughter Melissa in Into a Strange Land (1987) and Counting America (1989). In 1988, Ashabranner and their wife moved to Williamsburg, Virginia. While the last book they had published was in 2002, Ashabranner told their doctor he'd be writing as long as they lived.
Death and legacy
Ashabranner died on December 1, 2016, and was survived by their wife and daughters, three grandchildren, and a great-grandchild.
Author Muriel Miller Branch, who wrote in 2000 about the Gullah people, described Ashabranner as a mentor who first discerned their writing talent.
Ashabranner's wife, Martha, died at age 98 on May 30, 2020.
Published works
For children
Other
The Stakes Are High (editor), Bantam (New York), 1954.
A First Course in College English (textbook, with Judson Milburn and Cecil B. Williams), Houghton (Boston), 1962.
A Moment in History: The First Ten Years of the Peace Corps, Doubleday (New York), 1971.
References
1921 births
2016 deaths
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American children's writers
Carter G. Woodson Book Award winners
Military personnel from Oklahoma
Peace Corps directors
People from Bristow, Oklahoma
People from Shawnee, Oklahoma
People from Stillwater, Oklahoma
People from Williamsburg, Virginia
Seabees
Oklahoma State University alumni
Oklahoma State University faculty
United States Navy personnel of World War II
American expatriates in Ethiopia
American expatriates in Libya
American expatriates in India
American expatriates in Indonesia
American expatriates in the Philippines
