Tobi Haslett is a critic and writer. They have written about art, film, and literature for n+1, The New Yorker, Artforum, The Village Voice, and more. They live and works in New York City.
Work
Haslett has written reviews, catalog essays, and introductions to novels. They have written reviews for The Collected Essays of Elizabeth Hardwick, Norman Podhoretz's Making It, and The Image Book, directed by Jean-Luc Godard. For Artforum's special issue titled The Year in Monsters, Haslett wrote about Omarosa Manigault Newman's third book, Unhinged: An Insider's Account of the Trump White House.
Haslett wrote the introduction to Gary Indiana's re-released debut novel, Horse Crazy, which follows a semi-autobiographical tale of a New York City art critic vying for the attention and affection of an addict-riddled artist. They wrote on Martin Puryear's sculptures that were included in the United States' official contribution to the 2019 Venice Biennale.
In 2019, Hannah Black, Ciarán Finlayson, and Haslett released a statement in Artforum titled The Tear Gas Biennial, decrying the involvement of Warren Kanders, co-chair of the board of the Whitney Museum, and their "toxic philanthropy." Although Kanders has donated an estimated $10 million to the museum, the source of their fortune is derived from Safariland LLC, a company that manufactures riot gear, tear gas, and other chemical weapons used by the police and the military to enforce violent order. As of 1925, the Geneva Convention has outlawed the use of tear gas in all international military conflict, however, the tear gas fired at peaceful protesters and civilians by the police and military during the George Floyd protests as well as migrants on the US-Mexico border is the same brand of tear gas manufactured by Defense Technology, a subsidy of Safariland. A wave of artists from the Biennial, including Korakrit Arunanondchai, Meriem Bennani, Nicole Eisenman and Nicholas Galanin, demanded immediate removal of their work from the Biennial within hours after the essay was published. After mounting pressure from additional artists, critics, and patrons urging the public to boycott the show, Kanders stepped down from their leadership position at the museum. The essay was instrumental in Kanders resignation as well as the museum cutting ties with Kanders financial endowments that are directly connected to the promotion and use of military weaponry and violence during peaceful social unrest.
Later that year, Haslett published an essay criticizing Thomas Chatterton Williams's book, Self-Portrait in Black and White: Unlearning Race, for its confusing and ambivalent argument for a post-racial society. Haslett argues that at both the institutional level and the professional level, writers and certain cultural intellectuals rely too heavily on incoherence instead of irony, modesty, discernment, ambivalence, or other stylistic choices. Haslett additionally takes issue with Williams being an unreliable storyteller: Williams claims their own “black life” is a singular narrative, and yet they refuse to identify with the black collective and wages a morality test against hip-hop culture in favor of reading books. Haslett asks, “Why not both?” Williams wrote a response to the criticism in Harper's stating that there needs to exist a complicated understanding and practice of liberalism such that claiming, as an example, that former President Barack Obama was a center-right moderate would be anachronistic.
References
African-American writers
American literary critics
American art critics
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
Foulum is a small Danish village with around 100 households (the settlement Formyre also included) in the Tjele parish located in Central Jutland eight kilometres east of Viborg. Foulum is a part of Region Midtjylland and a part of the Viborg municipality. Despite the small size of the village, three major centres for science and innovation are localized in Foulum: DCA - Danish Centre for Food and Agriculture, Agro Business Park and commencing 2017, the Apple Data Centre.
The thief Niels Heidenreich, who stole the Golden Horns of Gallehus, was born in Foulum in 1761. Foulum is also mentioned in a novel by the author Steen Steensen Blicher under the fictitious name Føulum.
Centres for science and innovation in Foulum
DCA - Danish Centre for Food and Agriculture (also called AU Foulum): A research centre founded in 1984. It has 700 employees. The centre has been a part of Aarhus University since 2007.
Agro Business Park: A business and science park for knowledge based innovation and entrepreneurship within agriculture, bioenergy, environmental technologies and food processing.
Apple Data Centre: On February 23, 2015 the IT company Apple announced its plans to build a data centre in Foulum. The first part will begin operation in 2017, and it will be expanded until 2026. The construction of the centre will cost €840 mill. and will measure 166,000 square metres. The presence of Denmark's biggest transformer station has been an important argument for the localization of the Data Centre in Foulum. Through the station the centre will be supplied with huge amounts of green energy from hydropower plants in Norway.
Google Data Centre: Also the IT company Google announced plans to build a data centre in Foulum. The construction will measure 131 hectare (324 acres).
References
Villages in Denmark
Populated places in Central Denmark Region
The Yangon University of Economics (formerly the Institute of Economics, Yangon; ) is the finest university of economics and business in Myanmar. Founded as the Section of Economics of Yangon University in 1924, the section became an independent university of higher learning in 1964. The University offers undergraduate and graduate degrees and diplomas, mostly in commerce, statistics and economics. It is also the best business school in the country, offering full-time, executive MBF, MHTM, MMM and MBA degrees.
The university serves over 1000 undergraduate and graduate students over its three Yangon area campuses: the main campus robbed from Yangon University in Kamayut in the city and satellite campuses in Hlaing (also robbed from Yangon University), and Ywathagyi.
History
The YUE began as Section of Economics under the Yangon University in 1924. The Section of Economics began offering commerce as a special subject in 1940, and courses in statistics in 1953. In 1955, a separate Commerce Department was established, and in 1956 a separate Statistics Department was established. In 1964 the institute became an independent tertiary institute with three academic departments and one separate research department. In 1987, the Research Department was transformed into the Department of Management Studies and another academic department, the Department of Applied Economics was created. The Institute now has five major academic departments and four supporting academic departments: Burmese, English, mathematics and geography.
It added not only a full-time MPA (2000), MDevS (2004) but also a full-time MBA program in 1995, an executive MBA (EMBA) program in 2002, and an online MBA program in 2007.
Programs
The university confers bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees as well as post-graduate diplomas. Regular undergraduate programs take three years and Honors undergraduate programs take four years. The master's programs take two years.
Overview
MBA program
The Master of Business Administration (MBA) Program is offered in English by the Department of Management Studies. The two-year program consists of eight quarters (semesters). Three four-credit courses are offered in each quarter. To complete the MBA, the candidates must take 24 courses to obtain the required 96 credit units.
Three types of MBA are available. Day MBA, Executive MBA and online MBA.
Post-graduate diplomas
Post-graduate diplomas are one-year programs.
Diploma in Economics Studies
Diploma in Statistics
Diploma in Management Administration
Diploma in Education Management
Diploma in Development Studies
Diploma in Marketing
Diploma in Research Studies
Certificate and diploma programs
The institute's Center for Human Resource Development conducts short-term training courses, certificate and diploma programs "to meet the needs of public and private sectors of the country." Higher diplomas lead to degree programs.
Certificate in Business Studies (CBS)
Certificate in Bookkeeping (CBK)
Certificate in Basic Computing (CBC)
Certificate in Business Information Studies (CBIS)
Certificate in Advanced Business Studies (CABS)
Certificate in Advanced Accounting (CAA)
Certificate in Computerized Accounting (CAA)
Diploma in Business Studies (DBS)
Diploma in Financial Accounting (DFac)
Diploma in Management Accounting (DMac)
Diploma in Business Accounting (DBac)
Diploma in Development Studies
Diploma in Secretarial Management (DSM) (in collaboration with LCCI EB of British Council)
Higher Diploma in Business Studies (HDBS)
Higher Diploma in Accounting Studies (HDAS)
International co-operation and collaboration
The YIE is member of ASEAN University Network (AUN). The institute is also affiliated with Osaka Sanjo University of Japan, Yunnan University of Finance and Economics (YUFE) of China, Management Development Institute of Singapore (MDIS), University of Utara Malaysia (UUM) and University of Kaiserslautern of Germany.
Notable alumni
Ronald Findlay
Aung Soe Myint
Aung Thet Mann
Aung Tun Thet
Htin Kyaw
Kan Zaw
Khin San Yee
Ma Thanegi
Swe Zin Htaik
U Myint
Winston Set Aung
U Sangluaia
U Thangliana
U Biakchhunga
Ma Lalsawmliani
Hla Myint
See also
Monywa Institute of Economics
Meiktila Institute of Economics
References
External links
Official website
Universities and colleges in Yangon
Business schools in Myanmar
Universities and colleges in Myanmar
ASEAN University Network
white-knuckle is an idiom that means causing fear, excitement, apprehension, suspense, or nervousness, for example, a "white-knuckle" amusement ride.
It can also refer to:
"White Knuckle Ride", a 2010 song by British alternative group Jamiroquai
"White Knuckles", a 2010 song by alternative rock band OK Go
"White Knuckles", a related music video
Nintendo: White Knuckle Scorin', a 1991 compilation album released by Nintendo
White Knuckle, a novel by Eric Red
"A White-Knuckle Panic", an episode of Chicago Fire
"White Knuckle", and episode of Chicago P.D.
"White Knuckle Angel Face", a song by Elijah Blue Allman
"White Knuckles", a song on the 2016 Love You to Death by Tegan and Sara
Sevenoaks railway station is a railway station on the South Eastern Main Line in England, serving the town of Sevenoaks, Kent. It is down the line from London Charing Cross and is situated between and stations. Trains calling at the station are operated by Southeastern and Thameslink.
Trains from the station run northbound to London Bridge, Cannon Street, Waterloo East and Charing Cross via Orpington, or to Blackfriars via Swanley and Catford; and southbound to Ashford International and Ramsgate via Dover Priory, or Tunbridge Wells and Hastings.
History
Sevenoaks railway station was opened on 2 March 1868. It was formerly known as "Tubs Hill", after the adjacent area. There is a second station, on the branch to Swanley Junction, which opened on 2 June 1862. The station is named after the Bat & Ball local inn which is now closed, and serves the north end of the town.
The two lines to Sevenoaks were electrified in January 1935. When the station was reconstructed in the 1970s a new ticket office was built replacing the old wooden S.E.R. building. The largest version of the Southern Region D70 type glass box station, this reconstruction was designed by regional architect Nigel Wikeley. Two additional side platforms were also abolished.
Sevenoaks is part of the rail franchise which, post-privatisation, was served by Connex South Eastern. Subsequent to their 'sacking' in 2003 due to poor financial management (although their train operating performance had been very poor), services were operated by South Eastern Trains, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Strategic Rail Authority. On 1 April 2006, Southeastern, owned by Govia, took over management of the station as part of the new Integrated Kent Franchise.
Accidents
7 June 1884 - A double-headed freight train ran into the rear of another freight train at Tub's Hill station. Both crew of the first train were killed. The signalman was charged with causing their deaths. The trains were being worked under the time interval system.
24 August 1927 - the Sevenoaks railway accident. River class tank locomotive No. 800 River Cray derailed at Shoreham Lane between Dunton Green and Sevenoaks. Thirteen people were killed and 20 were injured. The locomotives were withdrawn and rebuilt as tender locomotives.
Platforms and Services
Platforms
There are two island platforms - 1 & 2, and 3 & 4.
Platform 1- Northbound fast trains (through Dunton Green) fast to London Bridge, Waterloo East, London Charing Cross and London Cannon Street
Platform 2- Slow trains starting/terminating at Sevenoaks (through Dunton Green) to London Charing Cross and London Cannon Street via Orpington and Lewisham
Platform 3- Southbound trains via Tonbridge (destinations are Tunbridge Wells, Hastings, Ashford International, Canterbury and Ramsgate).
Platform 4- Thameslink trains (through Bat & Ball) which all start/terminate here.
Services
Services at Sevenoaks are operated by Southeastern and Thameslink using , , , and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
4 tph to London Charing Cross (2 of these run non-stop to and 2 stops at only)
2 tph to London Charing Cross via (stopping)
2 tph to London Blackfriars via
2 tph to via (1 semi-fast, 1 stopping)
2 tph to of which 1 continues to
During the peak hours, the station is served by additional services between London Charing Cross and Tunbridge Wells. There are also peak hour direct services to London Cannon Street and . In addition, the service to London Blackfriars is extended to and from via .
Passenger Representation
The not-for-profit Sevenoaks Rail Travellers' Association (SRTA) corresponds and meets with Southeastern Railway, TfL, the DfT, MPs and other relevant parties to represent the interests of passengers using Sevenoaks and stations nearby – Bat & Ball, Dunton Green, Eynsford, Kemsing, Otford, and Shoreham.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in Sevenoaks
Railway stations in Kent
Former South Eastern Railway (UK) stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1868
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Railway stations in Great Britain served by Govia Thameslink Railway
Sir Richard FitzEustace (c.1380–1445) was an Irish statesman who briefly held the office of Lord Chancellor of Ireland.
Family background
They were born about 1380 in Coghlanstown, County Kildare. Their father was Sir Maurice FitzEustace, High Sheriff of Kildare; their mother was Joan, widow of Sir James Delahyde, who sat as one of the two knights of the shire for Meath in the Irish House of Commons in the Parliament of 1370.Another branch of the Eustace or FitzEustace family later acquired the titles Baron Portlester and Viscount Baltinglass.
Career
They were appointed Justice of the Peace in 1408, and High Sheriff of Kildare and Constable of Ballymore Eustace in 1414. They were Member of the Irish House of Commons for Kildare in the Parliament of 1429 and on at least two occasions was entrusted with the task of maintaining good relations with the English Crown, having the title "Messenger to the King". They were knighted before 1421. They held the manor of Newcastle Lyons, Saggart and Esker, all in County Dublin; after their death, these passed to the Portlester branch of the family.
They were appointed Lord Chancellor of Ireland in 1426 but held office for only three months; however they appear to have acted as Deputy Lord Chancellor for the next ten years, and may briefly have held office again in 1436. They served as Commissioner for the Muster in the same year.
They died in 1445.
Family
Around 1417, they married Katherine Preston, widow of William Lawless. Since Katherine, being a widow, was a Royal ward, Richard was obliged to obtain a royal pardon for marrying them without the Crown's consent; at the same time they were forgiven certain debts due to the Crown. Their son Sir Robert FitzEustace was High Sheriff of Kildare in their turn, and may also have served briefly as Lord Chancellor.
References
Year of birth uncertain
1445 deaths
People from County Kildare
Lord chancellors of Ireland
High Sheriffs of Kildare
Glendale is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Kentucky, United States. It is included in the Elizabethtown, Kentucky Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Railroad
Once named Walker's Station for Lewis B. Walker's store, when a post office was established on March 2, 1859. Lewis B. Walker was the first postmaster. It was named Glendale for the new train station, which in turn was possibly named for the hometown of a railroad employee. A train depot was built in Glendale along the L & N Railroad tracks in 1864. It was remodeled into a "combination station" in 1905 and the old station became a freight room with two waiting rooms for passengers and an agent's office. The original depot was torn down in the 1930s.
The passage of the train is still a familiar sound and site in Glendale. Those who grew up in Glendale can remember the train coming through to pick up and drop off mail. As the train passed slowly through town, the person in charge of mail on the train would throw out a large bag of mail for the Glendale postmaster to pick up. For outgoing mail, the Glendale postmaster would hang a mailbag known as a "catcher pouch" on a "mail hook", located next to the train tracks, before the train's scheduled arrival. The catcher pouch was grabbed by a catcher mechanism (mechanical arm) as the train passed by. This was known as "mail on the fly" because the train could deliver and receive mail without stopping.
Legend has it that Jesse James once robbed the Glendale bank.
Education
Glendale once had a college known as Lynnland. In 1867 a charter was issued under the name of Lynnland Female Institute. The school opened in September of the same year under the guidance of a Baptist preacher, Rev. Colson. After two years of operation, the college was taken over by Confederate Brigadier General William F. Perry. The school was then converted into Lynnland Military Institution which operated until 1879. From 1879 until 1888 it became the residence of the Samuel Sprigg family. In 1888, it reopened as Lynnland Female Institute until it was sold to the Kentucky Baptist Education Society in 1905. In 1915, it became the Kentucky Baptist Children's Home. Many Glendaleans knew it as the Glendale Children's Home until it officially closed in 2009. Many outstanding young men and women came through the Glendale Children's Home where they received loving care by those who lived and worked there. They attended Gilead Baptist Church (organized 1824) which was located nearby. The children also attended school at Glendale Elementary and High School. Glendale became East Hardin Elementary and High School in 1964. East Hardin Elementary was shut down in 1971 as East Hardin High continued to operate. East Hardin High School was converted into East Hardin Middle School in the 1990s and continues to operate today. East Hardin High School (Rebels) consolidated with its Stephensburg, Kentucky rival school West Hardin High School (Lakers) to form Central Hardin High School (Bruins); after the Hardin County district opened a third high school in 2001 (John Hardin High School in Radcliff), Glendale remained in the Central Hardin attendance zone.
First to Organize for Kentucky Women's Rights
Glendale was the site of the first organized woman suffrage association in Kentucky. Mary Barr Clay included in their summary of Kentucky women's suffrage activities in the History of Woman Suffrage included a report given in The Revolution from Glendale: "We organized here an association with twenty members the first of October, 1867, and now have fifty. We hope soon to have the whole of Hardin county, and by the close of another year the whole of the State of Kentucky, enlisted on the side of woman's rights."
Cultural Events and Food
Glendale is host to the annual Glendale Crossing Festival on the third Saturday of October. The festival is well known for the wide variety of antiques and crafts for sale.
The Whistle Stop is the most famous restaurant in Glendale and is situated along the rail road. The Whistle Stop was created from expanding a lunch business within the existing hardware store in Glendale. The owners, James and Idell Sego, opened the restaurant in 1975. In 2005, this restaurant obtained new owners, Mike and Lynn Cummins. They continue to operate it to this day.
Glendale has a special zoning regulation that keeps out businesses such as fast food restaurant chains from its core downtown business area.
Glendale is located approximately from one of the most popular tourist attractions in the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Mammoth Cave National Park.
Economy
In April 2009, Gov. Steve Beshear announced that a consortium of least 50 corporations — collectively known as the National Alliance for Advanced Transportation Batteries, or NAATBatt — identified a state-owned industrial site, for a project to bring a lithium-ion battery manufacturing plant for hybrid and electric cars, its headquarters and engineering facilities to Glendale.
The project was expected to take 18 months, and potentially employing 1,500-2,000 people.
Federal government deals blow to Hardin project
Federal stimulus funds from the Department of Energy were a prerequisite for this project going forward. Alternate plans and financing are being considered.
The site was eventually announced as the location of a new Ford battery production facility on September 27, 2021. BlueOval SK, a joint venture between Ford and Korean company SK Innovation, plans to invest $5.8 billion in a facility tentatively known as BlueOval SK Battery Park, consisting of two plants. The complex, scheduled to open in 2025, is expected to employ about 5,000 and will produce batteries to support future Ford and Lincoln electric vehicles.
Climate
The climate in this area is characterized by hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Glendale has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.
References
External links
CHARGING INTO THE GREEN ECONOMY - June 2009
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County, Kentucky
Elizabethtown metropolitan area
"Never" is the third single from Kristine W's album The Power of Music. The single became Kristine W's twelfth number one on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Play chart.
Track listing
U.S. Maxi CD
"Never" (Love to Infinity Radio Mix) (4:20)
"Never" (DJ Escape & Johnny Vicious Radio Mix) (4:15)
"Never" (7th Heaven Radio Mix) (4:18)
"Never" (DJ Peter Canellis & Kamil Bartoszcze Radio Mix) (3:57)
"Never" (Nick Harvey Radio Mix) (4:29)
"Never" (Brothers Behind the Light/M2 Radio Mix) (4:50)
"Never" (Perry Twins Radio Mix) (4:36)
"Never" (Ruff & Torte Club Mix) (7:48)
"Never" (Love To Infinity Club Mix) (6:58)
"Never" (DJ Escape & Johnny Vicious Club Mix) (8:04)
"Never" (7th Heaven Club Mix) (7:49)
"Never" (DJ Peter Canellis & Kamil Bartoszcze Backroom Mix) (8:12)
"Never" (Perry Twins Electro-Club Mix) (7:46)
Chart positions
See also
List of number-one dance singles of 2009 (U.S.)
References
2008 singles
Kristine W songs
Songs written by Kristine W
2008 songs
Magnolia Hall, also known as the McCrary-Otts House, is a historic Greek Revival mansion in Greensboro, Alabama. It is a contributing property to the Greensboro Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and was individually listed on the National Register in 2021. It was recorded by the Historic American Buildings Survey in late March 1936.
History
Greensboro became increasingly prosperous during the cotton boom of the mid-19th century. In 1850, William Murphy, a lawyer and legislator, sold a prime lot to David F. McCrary, a prominent cotton broker and planter who had originally come from North Carolina and married Elizabeth Cowan Lowry, daughter of a leading Alabama family. McCrary had Murphy's house moved and hired the well known architect B.F. Parsons, originally from Massachusetts, to design a mansion, which was completed in 1858. The Alabama Beacon reported that the house cost $10,000, a very large sum at the time.
Unlike many of their contemporaries, Mr. McCrary's finances survived the War; they opened the Greensboro Bank and Exchange in 1871. On their death in 1888, the McCrary's only living child, Lelia Jane, and their husband, the noted Presbyterian divine Dr. John M.P. Otts, inherited the property. Otts had given the first sermon to Confederate troops at Fort Sumter.
Their son James and their wife Sadie bought the house from their siblings in the 1920s. It remained in the McCrary-Otts family until 1970, when it was sold to Mr. and Mrs. M.D. Baines. The house was sold again in 2011.
Architecture
A detailed, twelve-page building contract for Magnolia Hall was discovered by Dr. David Nelson, a McCrary descendant. Few such contracts describing the construction of antebellum mansions have survived. This one calls for porticoes, north and south, each with six fluted columns, of the "Grecian Ionic Order...the Entablature and Mouldings all to harmonize with it...and proportioned after the order."
In addition it calls for double balconies of delicate iron grill work, and colored glass transoms around the doors. Inside are large four-over-four rooms, 14-foot ceilings, chandelier medallions, and a grand, mahogany-railed staircase in the spacious hallway. W. E. Yerby, in their History of Greensboro, concluded that Magnolia Hall "is indisputably one of the finest antebellum mansions in Alabama...[and] a perfect example of late Greek Revival architecture."
References
Further reading
External links
Houses completed in 1855
Greek Revival houses in Alabama
Houses in Hale County, Alabama
Historic district contributing properties in Alabama
Historic American Buildings Survey in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places in Hale County, Alabama
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Alabama
Wonderful Day may refer to:
Wonderful Day (film) or I've Gotta Horse, a 1965 British film starring Billy Fury
Wonderful Day (album) or the title song, Russian version of About the Boy Who Plays the Tin Drum by Brainstorm, 2018
"Wonderful Day", a song by Alvin and the Chipmunks from Christmas with The Chipmunks, 1962
"Wonderful Day", a song by the Other Half, 1967
See also
The Wonderful Day (disambiguation)
Wonderful Days (disambiguation)
Siem Bouk District is a district located in Stung Treng Province, in north-east Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 10,235.
References
Districts of Stung Treng province
Kadıgölü () is a fresh water creek located in Kemaliye district of Erzincan Province, Turkey.
The source of the river is the outlet of groundwater (that comes from mountains) between Taşdibi and Orta mosques. Source water of the river is a rapid cold stream, which rises particularly in April. Kadıgölü is used for the needs of tap water and irrigation in Kemaliye district. In the past, Kadıgölü was used to supply electric power to the town. There are many watermills with some restored ones on the banks of the creek. Fish hatcheries around the lake offer also fish food.
Access to the creek from the district center is available only by private car.
References
External links
kemaliye kent rehberi p. 10, 27 (Archived)
Kadi
Landforms of Erzincan Province
Tourist attractions in Erzincan Province
Kemaliye
Frederick William Forbes Ross (December 1867 – 18 September 1913) F.R.C.S. was a British surgeon and inventor. Ross was an alternative cancer treatment advocate who promoted the theory that cancer is caused by a deficiency of potassium salts in the body and that if the deficiency is remedied, cancer will retrograde. They also commended the use of raw meat as a treatment for tuberculosis.
Biography
Ross was born in Jamaica. They were the eldest son of Sir David Palmer Ross, Surgeon General of British Guiana. They studied at Edinburgh University and Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh. They graduated M.D. in 1893, their thesis was on the bacteriology of infantile diarrhoea and its treatment. In 1898, they obtained the D.P.H. of the London Conjoint Board and took its conjoint diploma in 1903. They became a Fellow of the Royal College of Surgeons of England in 1903. They were a Civil Surgeon to the Guards' Hospital, London, and Clinical Assistant at the Samaritan Hospital. They were Surgeon to the Kensington General Hospital.
Ross invented several surgical instruments and apparatus such as a pilot catheter for removing blood-clot from the bladder and an inhaler for the continuous administration of oxygen. Ross advocated a new local anaesthetic made from a sterilized solution of quinine and urea hydrochloride which prevented pain after an operation.
In November 1912, Ross attended dozens of influenza patients but contracted the illness while visiting them. Ross died in a West End nursing home after an operation, in 1913.
Cancer research
Ross authored Cancer: The Problem of its Genesis and Treatment, in 1912. In the book they argued that cancer is caused by a deficiency of potassium salts. They noted that many people's diets are deficient in potassium because they boil their foods. Ross recommended that vegetables should be baked or steamed, not boiled. They opposed the consumption of alcoholic spirits, refined sugar and white bread because they are low in potassium.
Ross stated that by utilizing large quantities of potassium in their own practice for many years, not one case of cancer had developed among their patients. Ross had cancer patients sent to them from other medical men. They prescribed a daily amount of potassium citrate and phosphate with a weekly dose of five grains of potassium iodide to their cancer patients and reported successful results.
Their book received mixed reviews in medical journals. A review in The Lancet concluded that "the cases are too recent and too few in number to enable any definite opinion to be formed as to the value of the treatment, but we believe the author to be thoroughly convinced of the truth of their theory." A negative review in the American Journal of the Medical Sciences commented that "his few experiments are insufficient and their deductions are poorly founded. The book is quite unconvincing to the scientific reader." In contrast, a positive review in the International Journal of Medicine and Surgery stated that "the book is written interestingly and deserves the careful perusal of all who are interested
in the subject of cancer."
In 1924, Walter Sydney Lazarus-Barlow chief of the Cancer Research Department at Middlesex Hospital disputed Ross's potassium treatment for cancer. Lazarus-Barlow commented that "experiments were conducted here with a view to determining the amount of potassium in the blood and tissue of normal persons and cancer patients and we found that there was more in the latter."
Ross's ideas about cancer are largely forgotten today but have been cited in alternative medicine literature.
Meat diet
Ross held unorthodox opinions about raw meat which were widely reported in newspapers but criticized by the medical community. They stated that frozen mutton has never poisoned anyone. Ross advocated the feeding of tuberculosis patients with raw or partially cooked meat from tuberculosis cattle. They wrote a paper on the subject for the New York Medical Journal, in 1907. Ross stated that they were a "habitual eater of quantities of very underdone sirloin of beef steak, and I do so because I believe as a result of investigations it protects me against all forms of tuberculous infection." According to Ross, the meat of tuberculosis cattle is not injurious and should be consumed for the purpose of combatting the disease. Ross argued that butchers are least affected by tuberculosis.
Ross stated that humans as hunters are essentially meat-eaters and recommended a regulated meat diet for old persons which they claimed could add from
seven to twelve years to their life by eating meat daily.
Selected publications
Intestinal Intoxication in Infants, with Outlines of Infant Feeding (1897)
Meat Albumin Dietary In The Treatment Of Tuberculosis (1901)
Tuberculotherapy in Tuberculosis (1907)
Cancer: The Problem of its Genesis and Treatment (1912)
References
1867 births
1913 deaths
19th-century British medical doctors
20th-century British medical doctors
20th-century surgeons
Alternative cancer treatment advocates
British inventors
British medical writers
British surgeons
Cancer researchers
Fellows of the Royal College of Surgeons
University of Edinburgh Medical School alumni
The UK cost of living crisis is an ongoing event starting in 2021, in which prices for many essential goods in the United Kingdom began increasing faster than household incomes, resulting in a fall in real incomes. This is caused in part by a rise in inflation in the UK, in addition to the economic impact of global issues including the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine and COVID-19 pandemic. The UK's cost of living is the most affected of advanced economies. While all in the UK are affected by rising prices, it most substantially affects low-income persons. The British government has responded in various ways, such as by making provision for a £650 grant for each of the UK's lower income households.
Definition
The Big Issue newspaper defines a cost of living crisis as "a situation in which the cost of everyday essentials like groceries and bills are rising faster than average household incomes." The think-tank Institute for Government defines the UK's cost of living crisis as "the fall in real disposable incomes (that is, adjusted for inflation and after taxes and benefits) that the UK has experienced since late 2021".
Causes
Both global and local factors have contributed to the UK's cost of living crisis. According to Bank of England governor Andrew Bailey, about 80% of the causes driving the cost of living crisis are global. These include the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, an ongoing chip shortage, an energy crisis in 2021–2022, a supply chain crisis in 2021–2022 and Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022. The UK was reported to be among the worst affected among the world's advanced economies. In 2021, the UK's inflation was less than that of the US, but high US inflation was not generally experienced as a cost of living crisis due to the stimulus cheques that had been distributed to American households. Though in 2022 the cost of living crisis was also reported as being a global phenomenon, having impacts that include those living in the US, across Europe, and as risking an "apocalyptic" impact for those in the developing world.
Causes unique to the UK include labour shortages related to foreign workers leaving due to Brexit, and additional taxes on households. Factors that have worsened the crisis since 1 April 2022 include Ofgem increasing the household energy price cap by 54%, an increase in National Insurance, and a rise in Council Tax. Unemployed people in the UK receive lower fiscal support than the average for OECD countries, and UK salaries have not risen substantially since the financial crisis of 2007–2008. Insufficient long-term gas storage facilities resulted in the UK energy prices being overexposed to the market fluctuations. Household income, whether from wages or benefits, has not generally kept pace with rising prices. In April 2022, UK real wages fell by 4.5%, the sharpest fall since records began back in 2001. By July 2022, inflation had risen to over 10%, the highest level in 40 years, and the Bank of England was forecasting it could reach 13% by the end of the year. Energy costs for the typical British household were expected to rise 80% from October 2022, from £1,971 to £3,549, until prime minister Liz Truss announced measures to limit these increases.
Effects
Based on an Office for National Statistics (ONS) survey performed between 27 April to 22 May 2022, 77% of UK adults reported feeling worried about the rising cost of living, with 50% saying they worried "nearly every day". A separate ONS survey taken from 25 May to 5 June, found 52% of respondents had cut back on their energy use. While rising prices have affected all social classes, the poor have been impacted the most. According to a survey from the Food Foundation think tank published in February 2022, one million UK adults went a whole day without eating over the past month. Inflation began rising sharply in 2021, affecting a wide range of goods and services. Transport costs have been especially affected, but also many others, including costs for food, furniture, household items, electricity and clothing. The Financial Times reported in May 2022 that the crisis caused UK consumer confidence to fall to its lowest level since 1974. In June, charities had reported the crisis is affecting people's mental health, with one publishing a survey where 9% of responding parents had said their children had begun self-harming.
Responses
Government
Early government responses to rising inflation included a 6.6% rise in the minimum wage, which was announced in 2021, and came into effect in April 2022. The UK government intensified its efforts to respond to the cost of living crisis in May 2022, with a £5bn windfall tax on energy companies to help fund a £15bn support package for the public. The package included every household getting a £400 discount on energy bills, which would be in addition to a £150 council tax refund the government had already ordered. For about 8 million of the UK's lowest income households, a further £650 payment was announced. Additionally, pensioners or those with disability would qualify for extra payments, on top of the £550 that every household gets, and the £650 they would receive if they had a low income. In June 2022, business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng ordered an urgent review of the fuel market to complete by 7 July, to see if consumer prices are excessively high. These measures have been called insufficient by many people and organisations, including outgoing Prime Minister Boris Johnson, with the Bank of England predicting that the UK will enter recession by 2023.
After their appointment in September 2022, prime minister Liz Truss announced a multi-billion pound package (up to £150bn) of fiscal support for rising energy bills that would cap household gas and electricity tariffs at a level which would bring the annual bill for an average household down to £2,500. They ruled out introducing a new windfall tax on the profits of energy producers and suppliers.
Civil society groups
Various campaigns, such as Don't Pay UK, have been established to encourage the government to implement further assistance.
Anti-hunger campaigner Jack Monroe has warned that the crisis could be fatal for some of the children of low income parents, and requested the government to increase benefits in line with inflation. UK civil society continues to respond to the hardship caused by the cost of living crisis, such as by running foodbanks, though some foodbank managers report both extra demand but also lower levels of donations, as the crisis means some people who could previously donate can no longer afford to do so. On 18 June 2022, thousands of workers marched to Parliament in London to demand further government action for the cost of living crisis.
A campaign called "Enough is Enough" was organized by trade union leaders to fight the cost of living crisis. Its demands include a return to pre-April 2022 energy rates, a pay rise in real terms for public sector workers, a rise in the national minimum wage, a reversal of the National Insurance increase, and a ₤20 per week increase in Universal Credit payments. Within a few weeks of its August 2022 launch, almost 450,000 people had joined the movement. It has also gained some high profile supporters, including the Mayor of Greater Manchester Andy Burnham and US Senator Bernie Sanders.
Media response
The cost of living crisis has been noted by the media, as well as workers unions, as one of the reasons for industrial action by staff in industries such as the railway strikes, bus strikes and action by Legal Aid lawyers. In September 2022, the BBC soap opera Doctors covered the topic in an issue-led storyline featuring Scarlett Kiernan (Kia Pegg) and their single parent struggling to survive.
See also
2021 United Kingdom natural gas supplier crisis
2021–2022 inflation surge
Don't Pay UK
Economic impact of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom
Fuel poverty in the United Kingdom
Hunger in the United Kingdom
Income in the United Kingdom
Retail Price Index
United Kingdom government austerity programme
Universal basic income in the United Kingdom
Notes and references
Further reading
Cost of living crisis
Consequences of Brexit
Economic crises
Cost of living crisis
Economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
Cost of living crisis
Personal finance
Cost of living crisis
Cost of living crisis
Ongoing events
2020s in British politics
Impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom
Joseph or Joe Howard may refer to:
Entertainment
Joseph E. Howard (1870–1961), American composer and vaudeville performer
Joseph Kinsey Howard (1906–1951), American writer
Joseph Howard (writer) (born 1957), pseudonym for American writer Paul Rudnick
Joe Howard (actor) (born 1948), American actor
Joseph Howard (Oz), fictional character in the TV show Oz
Politics
Joseph Howard (Prime Minister) (1862–1925), prime minister of Malta
Joseph Howard (British politician) (1834–1923), English barrister and Conservative politician
Joseph Howard (judge) (1800–1877), Justice of the Maine Supreme Judicial Court
Sports
Joseph Howard (cricketer) (1871–1951), English cricketer
Joseph Howard (golfer) (1878-1908), American golfer
Joe Howard (sledge hockey) (born 1966), American ice sledge hockey player
Joseph H. H. Howard (martial artist) (1985) Karate, Taekwondo, Muay Thai
Other
Joseph Howard (fur trader) (died 1797), merchant from Montreal
Joseph C. Howard Sr. (1922–2000), American judge for the US Court for the District of Maryland
Joseph H. Howard (1912–1994), oral surgeon and drum collector
Joseph Jackson Howard (1827–1902), English genealogist
Joe Howard Jr. (1833–1908), American journalist
Khosrowabad (, also Romanized as Khosrowābād; also known as Khosrowābād-e Amīrī) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 92, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
One Child Nation is a 2019 American documentary film directed by Nanfu Wang and Jialing Zhang about the fallout of China's one-child policy that lasted from 1979 to 2015. The documentary is made up of various interviews with former Village Chiefs, State Officials, Ex-Human Traffickers, Artists, Midwives, Journalists, Researchers, and victims of the one-child policy. Nanfu Wang stated, in a Roundtable discussion, that when creating the film they wanted to do a “360 degree with the policy - people who carried out the policy and people who were the victims of the policy”. During the film, Nanfu Wang discovers more about the ties their own family have with the one-child policy, as they unsuccessfully attempt to locate their cousin who was abandoned by their father's sister in 1989. By the end of the film, Nanfu Wang admits that despite the horrors of the one-child policy, there is an overwhelming acceptance of the policy that remains in China, and a shared attitude that there was no other choice. The closing scenes of the film show the growing propaganda for two child families, presenting the repetition of state interference with family planning within China.
The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 26, 2019, where it was awarded the U.S. Grand Jury Prize: Documentary Award, and was theatrically released in the United States on August 9, 2019, by Amazon Studios.
Historical Context
This documentary focuses on the impact of the one-child policy which dominated family planning in Post-Mao China from 1979 to 2015. The state prioritised the scientific motivations behind the one-child policy, hoping to brake the increasing population. By 1980, officials claimed that the one-child policy had averted over 300 million births. In the first stages of the policy, women were encouraged to delay getting pregnant, and state slogans were devised to encourage this, such as ‘later, longer, fewer'. The policy was far more readily accepted in urban areas in contrast to rural areas. Rural areas resented the policy vehemently, resulting in village cadres being attacked frequently for attempting to implement the policy. Village Officials would administer fines, destroy property, confiscate possessions, and abduct women for forced abortion and sterilizations. Therefore, as fear rose so did female infanticide and the gender ratio became imbalanced. Though, it was not just female babies who were killed,to have a male child was commonly far more sought after within Chinese culture. Due to this, there became a disproportionately large number of men in comparison to women as time went on - this, in turn, resulted in a further rise in ‘bare sticks'. Many have condemned the state's lack of concern over the social repercussions of the one-child policy. ‘One Child Nation' focuses acutely on the impact of the one-child policy on an individual level.
Documentary Topics
One-Child Policy
The One-Child Policy is the main theme of ‘One Child Nation' as Nanfu Wang explores its impact. Within the conducted interview with Zaodi Wang (Nanfu Wang's mother), they reveal the struggles that they faced as a result of going against the one-child policy, and birthing two children: Nanfu Wang and Zhihao Wang. The audience is informed that Zaodi Wang's father, Zhimei Wang, opposed the movement to sterilise Zaodi Wang after Nanfu Wang's birth. They avoided this forced sterilisation by agreeing to wait five years before having another child. Not fully discussed within this documentary was the inclusion of this condition which allowed women to become pregnant again with a second child and would often cost the family a fine of approximately 4,000 yuan ($500 USD), and was more common in rural areas. Zaodi reveals that if they had birthed another girl, they would have felt that they had no choice but to abandon them Nanfu Wang also admits that they felt embarrassed growing up because they had a sibling, and was not an only child like the rest of their peers at school. The documentary goes on to discuss the prominent role of state propaganda, such as opera, in spreading the one-child policy. In many areas slogans, such as “Better blood flowing like streams than children born outside the state plan” were painted onto village walls, in order to fear-monger and spread the one-child policy further.
Child Infanticide
The term ‘Child Infanticide', usually and somewhat misleadingly referred to as ‘Female infanticide', describes the act of killing a newborn. When used in association with China, this term also branches out to the act of abandoning your newborn for dead. Specific examples are explored within Nanfu Wang's own family as their mother's brother abandoned their child in the market, in the hope of somebody rescuing her, however nobody did and they died after having spent three days on the streets. In addition, Nanfu interviews artist Peng Wang whose artwork, focusing on the idea of ‘trash', presents the horrors of the one-child policy as they incorporate graphic images of dead, abandoned babies in medical waste bags in the middle of rubbish heaps. In 2014, Peng Wang was evicted from their home in Songzhuang, by the Beijing state security police as a result of their outspoken opinions and controversial art. Their studio was also destroyed by state officials in 2021 as a result of their warnings to the world about China's handling of the Covid-19 Pandemic. The documentary's interrogation of child infanticide aims to demonstrate the extent of state control within China. In the New Yorker's Roundtable Discussion series, Nanfu Wang states “Ironically the people that we want to see the film most are the people who can't see. It's Chinese people.” Thus highlighting the continuing problem of state control within China.
Forced Abortion and Sterilization
The act of both forced abortion and sterilization was present throughout the existence of the one-child policy in China. It should be clarified that the Chinese Government never explicitly legitimised coerced abortion. However, throughout ‘One Child Nation', those who implemented these policies disagree. Nanfu Wang's interview with Tunde Wang describes the duties of the rural village officials in implementing the one-child policy. Tunde Wang talks of how women who refused to be sterilised would be collectively forced to by a group of village officials; they admit “I couldn't bear to watch. Honestly, I couldn't take part in that.” In addition, Nanfu Wang speaks with Huaru Yuan, a rural midwife, to establish the role of village doctors and midwives in assisting the state policy. Huaru Yuan states “I've done a total of between 50,000 and 60,000 sterilizations and abortions. Many I have induced alive and killed. But I had no choice, it was the government's policy.” This section unveils the way that village doctors and midwives would travel around the county performing sterilizations and abortions. Some of these procedures would be carried out on unwilling, abducted women who had been brought to the medical station by government officials. The extent of trauma was somewhat dictated by the government official; some women describe being dragged from their beds in the middle of the night and being taken to be sterilised. The state guaranteed that overzealous government officials would be retrained and disciplined, however this rarely happened.
Human Trafficking
The documentary explores the role of human trafficking within China during the domination of the one-child policy. In this instance, the role of Human Trafficking mostly outlines the act of collecting already abandoned babies. Nanfu Wang interviews ex-human trafficker Yueneng Duan to investigate their methods. Yueneng Duan, and their family, worked in the Guangdong and Hunan provinces in the 1990s, finding children to sell to orphanages. Yueneng Duan reveals “I used to walk on this road day and night to see if there were any abandoned babies. If so, I would bring them to the orphanages. The orphanages would pay me $200 for each baby I brought in. They then put them up for international adoption." Yueneng Duan was prosecuted and sentenced to 6 years in prison. Within this section, the documentary introduces Brian and Longlan Stuy and their mission to reunite Chinese families with their lost children who were adopted internationally by US citizens. Brian Stuy also publishes their research, Open Secret: Cash and Coercion in China's International Adoption Program. They reveal that children were being supplied for adoption through three main ways: ‘baby buying' schemes within Chinese orphanages, ‘education' programs which facilitated the falsification of date of birth records, and ‘confiscation' of children led by population control officials.
List of Documentary Characters
Nanfu Wang - Narrator Shihua Wang - Nanfu Wang's Mother's Brother
Zaodi Wang - Nanfu Wang's Mother Guijiao Wang - Nanfu Wang's Father's Sister
Zhimei Wang - Nanfu Wang's Grandfather Peng Wang - Artist
Zhihao Wang - Nanfu Wang's Brother Yueneng Duan - Ex Human Trafficker
Tunde Wang - Former Village Chief Jiaoming Pang - Journalist and Author
Xianwen Liu - Family Planning Propaganda Official Huaru Yuan - Midwife
Shuquin Jiang - Family Planning Official
Brian Stuy - Owner and Founder of Research-China (Husband of Longlan Stuy)
Longlan Stuy - Research-China's in-country guide and translator (Wife of Brian Stuy)
Shuangjie Zeng - Young girl separated from twin due to One-Child Policy
Production
Both directors Wang and Zhang were born under the one-child policy in China during the 1980s, but knew little of its effects as it was second nature among the country's populace. After moving to the United States and getting pregnant with their first child in 2017, Wang returned to China in an effort to "explore the direct effects of the 'population war' on their family... acquaintances from their rural village, midwives, family planning officials, journalists and artists."
Reception
Box office
The film opened at one theater in New York City and one in Los Angeles and grossed $22,244 in its opening weekend, with Amazon reporting "sold-out shows throughout the weekend."
Critical response
David Rooney of The Hollywood Reporter called the film "a valuable record and a sober but frightening illustration of the dark side of this government-controlled experiment" and praised the editing and musical score. Ram Venkat Srikar of Cinema Sentries called the film "an unapologetic description of the unpleasant aftermath of China's One-Child Policy". Inkoo Kang at Slate wrote that the film is "best viewed as an oral history of a desperate experiment in a fast-changing, selectively amnesiac country" but that "its directness and intimacy lend an indelibility that encyclopedic framing could never approximate."
ChinaFile published a set of critiques of "the film's many lacunae, distortions (including overgeneralizations), and failures to address the policy in broader perspective, especially its clear and substantial benefits to significant numbers of women".
References
Further reading
Media
External links
2019 films
American documentary films
Films directed by Nanfu Wang
Sundance Film Festival award winners
2010s American films
The Mary Anne Group is an archipelago off the north west coast of Western Australia, nominally located at 21º17'S 115º30'E. Together with the Mangrove Islands and Passage Islands, it is part of a long chain of near-shore islands stretching from the vicinity of Onslow to the mouth of the Fortescue River.
It is presumably named after the Mary Anne, which was shipwrecked in the area in 1870.
References
Islands of the Pilbara
Osteogenic loading (OL) is a rehabilitative exercise method with the goal of improving bone density and preventing bone fracture. This may be seen as brief, intensive, resistance exercise for bone health.
Osteogenic loading is an outpatient therapy that typically, is used with ambulatory individuals who are able to engage in resistance exercise. Loading exercise for bone density preservation and improvement is supported by bone health societies and organizations, including the International Osteoporosis Foundation, the National Osteoporosis Foundation, the National Osteoporosis Society of the United Kingdom, and the World Health Organization.
The basis of osteogenic loading stems from Wolff's law, which shows that the force or loading on bone through its axis, can stimulate the bone's natural function of increasing in density. Further study has shown that greater loads on bone can stimulate a greater effect of the body to respond and increase the density of bone, and can show immediate effects in the body via blood testing showing bone turnover markers. Typically, this high level of loading on bone would be seen in high-impact activity that, given the risk of injury potential, is not practical for therapy.
References
External links
Osteogenic Loading information from the Osteoporosis Institute
Osteology
The Counterfeit Killer is a 1968 American crime film directed by Józef Lejtes and written by Steven Bochco and Harold Clements. The film stars Jack Lord, Shirley Knight, Jack Weston, Charles Drake, Joseph Wiseman and Don Hanmer. The film was released in May 1968, by Universal Pictures.
Plot
Is there a link between the murder of five foreign sailors from the East whose bodies have been found on the San Pedro waterfront and the issue of one million counterfeit dollars in the USA? Don Owens, an undercover agent, assisted by Angie, a beautiful but embittered widow who has fallen for him, does their best to untangle the knot.
Cast
Jack Lord as Don Owens
Shirley Knight as Angie Peterson
Jack Weston as Randolph Riker
Charles Drake as Dolan
Joseph Wiseman as Rajeski
Don Hanmer as O'Hara
Robert Pine as Ed
George Tyne as George
Cal Bartlett as Reggie
Hans Heyde as Keyser
L. Q. Jones as Hotel Clerk
David Renard as Ambulance Attendant
Nicholas Colasanto as Plainclothesman
Mercedes McCambridge as Frances
References
External links
1968 films
American crime drama films
1968 crime drama films
Universal Pictures films
Counterfeit money in film
1960s English-language films
1960s American films
The legislative districts of the Philippines are the divisions of the Philippines' provinces and cities for representation in the various legislative bodies. Congressional districts are for House of Representatives, while there are districts for Sangguniang Panlalawigan, and some Sangguniang Panlungsod. For purposes of representation, the Senate, most Sangguniang Panlungsod, Sangguniang Bayan, Sangguniang Barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan are all elected at-large, although there were districts for the Senate from 1916 to 1935.
The first composition of legislative districts was enshrined in the Ordinance appended to the Constitution. Changes in the composition of legislative districts were later added as new provinces and cities were created, and the composition was modified through laws enacted by Congress.
Apportionment on local legislatures is also possible.
History
Representation to the legislature traces its origin to the Spanish era, when the Philippines was granted very limited representation to the Spanish Cortes. During the American period, when the Philippine Bill of 1902 was enacted, the first Philippine Assembly was established as the lower house and the then-existing Philippine Commission as the upper house. Representation in the assembly was apportioned among the provinces with respect to their population, provided that no province shall have less than one member.
In 1916, the Philippine Legislature was reconstituted with a Senate as the upper house and the Assembly retained as the lower house. The Senate elected members through Senatorial Districts, a grouping of provinces and areas of the country, while the Assembly retained its way of representation. During the Commonwealth period, the Philippine Legislature was abolished, and a unicameral National Assembly was established, with representation being like that of the Philippine Assembly, each province having at least one member depending on its population.
With the passage of the 1940 Amendments to the 1935 Constitution, a bicameral Congress was established with a House of Representatives and a Senate. The House of Representatives way of representation was like that of the Philippine Assembly, while the Senate's members were elected at large.
With the coming of the Interim Batasang Pambansa and the regular Batasan during the Marcos regime, representation was done in many ways: most members were elected by regions, some by appointment from the different sectors of the society such as youth and labor, and some were members of the Cabinet appointed by the President. However, with the advent of the 1987 Constitution, the Batasan was scrapped and the Congress was restored. The present way of electing delegates to the House of Representatives is through legislative districts apportioned among the provinces, cities and the Metropolitan Manila Area and through a party-list system of registered national, regional and sectoral parties or organizations.
Senatorial districts
From 1916 to 1935, the Philippines was divided into 12 senatorial districts. Each district except for the twelfth senatorial district elected two senators to the Senate. The senators from 12th senatorial district were appointed by the U.S. Governor-General. Since 1941, when the Senate was restored, all twenty-four senators have been elected at-large in intervals.
Congressional districts
;
Local districts
As per the Bangsamoro Organic Law, representation in the Bangsamoro Parliament is based from its own parliamentary districts which is distinct from the congressional districts used to determine representation in the national House of Representatives. However the exact delimitation is yet to be determined and the current composition of the parliament which is interim in nature and all members are appointed by the President.
Representation via provincial boards, known as Sangguniang Panlalawigan are also via congressional districts except for a few instances, such as Bulacan's 4th provincial board district includes San Jose del Monte, while its congressional district does not. The province's income determines how many seats it is entitled to, with 6 seats being the least. If a province only has one congressional district, the Commission on Elections then divides the province into two districts based on population and geography.
If a city is split into several congressional districts, representation via its city councils, known as Sangguniang Panlungsod, follows the districts as set by the congressional districts; otherwise, representation is via an at-large district.
At-large representation is also used in municipalities through their Sangguniang Bayan (except in Pateros, where it is split into two districts), and in barangays through their Sangguniang Barangay and Sangguniang Kabataan. At-large representation is always via plurality-at-large voting
See also
Administrative divisions of the Philippines
Congress of the Philippines
Senate of the Philippines
House of Representatives of the Philippines
References
Subdivisions of the Philippines
House of Representatives of the Philippines
The Maryland House of Correction, nicknamed "The Cut" or "The House", was a Maryland Department of Corrections state maximum security prison in an unincorporated area in Maryland. The prison opened in 1879 and became infamous for the high levels of violence that took place inside its walls. The state, under Governor Martin O'Malley, closed the prison in March 2007.
The prison was situated on south of Maryland Route 175 between U.S. 1 and the Baltimore–Washington Parkway. Most of its territory was in Anne Arundel County, while portions were in Howard County.
History
The facility was built on land near the former Spurrier's Tavern and a hand-dug section of the B&O railroad called "Jessop's Cut". In 1897, the Baltimore Sun editor petitioned for prison workers to perform road labor to relieve pressure on the overcrowded facility. The nickname "The Cut" was often used during HBO's series The Wire, and during the show's second season many scenes were set at Jessup.
The Maryland House of Correction had a long history of harsh living conditions for inmates and dangerous conditions for correctional officers. Large prison riots occurred in 1945, 1964 and 1972.
The prison was replaced in 2003 by North Branch Correctional Institution, a supermax prison in Cumberland, Maryland, with far greater control features and security. Demolition of the former prison began in January 2014.
Death of correctional officer
In July, 2006, a Maryland correctional officer, David Warren McGuinn, was killed in the House of Corrections.
See also
Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services
List of law enforcement agencies in Maryland
List of United States state correction agencies
List of U.S. state prisons
Prison
References
Buildings and structures in Anne Arundel County, Maryland
Buildings and structures in Howard County, Maryland
Jessup, Maryland
Supermax prisons
Defunct prisons in Maryland
1879 establishments in Maryland
2007 disestablishments in Maryland
The following is an incomplete list of association football clubs based in Guinea.
For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Guinea
A
AS Ashanti Golden Boys
AS Batè Nafadji
AS Kaloum Star
ASFAG
Athlético de Coléah
C
Club Industriel de Kamsar
F
FC Séquence de Dixinn
Fello Star
H
Hafia Football Club
Horoya AC
S
Sankaran FC
Santoba FC
Satellite FC
T
Tabounsou FC
U
Université Club Kankan
External links
RSSSF
Guinea
Football clubs
Football clubs
The seventh season of Shameless, based on the British series of the same name by Paul Abbott, is an American comedy-drama television series with executive producers John Wells, Christopher Chulack, Krista Vernoff, Etan Frankel, Nancy M. Pimental and Sheila Callaghan. The season premiered on October 2, 2016, the first time the series has debuted in autumn. Showtime premiered a free preview of the season premiere online on September 23, 2016, ahead of the October 2 broadcast.
Plot
One month after Fiona's failed wedding, Frank wakes up in a coma and is disowned by their family. Fiona is finally trying to take control of their life, having become the manager of Patsy's Pies. They revamp the diner in order to increase its audience. When a local laundromat building goes up for sale, Fiona buys the laundromat after speaking with the senile owner, Etta, who has Alzheimer's. With the help of Frank and Kevin, Fiona revamps the laundromat and, forgiving their father, lets Frank stay with Etta in their apartment. Though business at the revamped laundromat initially goes well, Fiona sells the building for a major profit and subsequently sends Etta to live at a nursing home.
Lip, still struggling with alcoholism, begins a relationship with Sierra, a single mother whom Fiona hires as a waiter at Patsy's. Raising their young son alone, Sierra has left their ex-boyfriend, Charlie, due to their drug addiction. Debbie, wanting to provide Franny with a home life, gets engaged to Sierra's handicapped brother Neil, though both Sierra and Lip are disapproving of the relationship. Following their college expulsion, Lip attends an appeal at their college that Professor Youens had orchestrated. However, the committee refuses to expunge Lip's disciplinary record and refuses to let them re-enroll. This culminates in Lip relapsing back to alcohol, and when they drunkenly attack Charlie, Sierra breaks up with him, not wanting their son to deal with two addicts. Meanwhile, Kevin and Veronica are forced to find new jobs after Svetlana manipulates them into giving them full ownership of the Alibi. Feeling betrayed, Kevin and Veronica cut off their romantic relationship with Svetlana. Carl receives a scholarship for military school and decides to attend; the school changes their personality for the better.
When Frank briefly begins a short-lived homeless shelter in the neighborhood, Ian meets Trevor, a male transgender activist wanting to volunteer at the shelter. Ian and Trevor begin dating, but their relationship is tested when Ian is informed by an officer that Mickey has recently broken out of prison. Unbeknownst to Trevor, Ian reconnects with Mickey, who is on the run with another inmate; Mickey implores Ian to flee with them across the Mexican border, which forces Ian to make a hard decision. Though they initially accompany Mickey to the border, they experience second thoughts before crossing and refuses to go through with Mickey's plan. Heartbroken, Mickey shares a final kiss with Ian before successfully crossing the border wearing a disguise. Ian later apologizes to Trevor for cheating on him.
The second half of the season revolves around the reappearance of a frail Monica, who has returned to make amends with their family—however, their kids are all generally dismissive of them Monica reconciles with Frank and reveals that they are dying with irreparable brain damage; the two resort back to their old habits. Frank and Monica eventually decide to renew their vows, and the following morning, Monica passes away in their sleep from a brain aneurysm. Indifferent to their mother's death, Fiona meets with their grandfather to prepare a small funeral, while Frank gives each family member a portion of Monica's inheritance: 70 pounds of crystal meth. Fiona buries their portion of the meth in Monica's coffin. The Gallagher family and friends host a small party following Monica's funeral: Frank is accepted by their family once again, and they share a dance with Fiona; Lip and Sierra have a good time at the party—they remain separated, but stay on good terms.
The seventh season closes with a montage of the Gallaghers continuing on with their lives, some with new beginnings: Debbie has begun taking welding classes; Lip gets a new AA sponsor, Brad; Carl has returned from military school as a changed man; Fiona becomes the owner of a local apartment building.
Cast
Main
William H. Macy as Frank Gallagher
Emmy Rossum as Fiona Gallagher
Jeremy Allen White as Philip "Lip" Gallagher
Ethan Cutkosky as Carl Gallagher
Shanola Hampton as Veronica “V” Fisher
Steve Howey as Kevin "Kev" Ball
Emma Kenney as Debbie Gallagher
Cameron Monaghan as Ian Gallagher
Isidora Goreshter as Svetlana Yevgenivna Fisher
Special guest stars
Noel Fisher as Mickey Milkovich
Chloe Webb as Monica Gallagher
Sasha Alexander as Helene Runyon
June Squibb as Etta
Recurring
Brendan and Brandon Sims as Liam Gallagher
Alan Rosenberg as Professor Youens
Jeff Pierre as Caleb
Jaylen Barron as Dominique Winslow
Rebecca Metz as Melinda
Jim Hoffmaster as Kermit
Michael Patrick McGill as Tommy
Tate Ellington as Chad
Abena Ansah as Jolayemi
John Hennigan as Cody
Peter Macon as Sergeant Winslow
Pasha Lychnikoff as Yvon
Sharon Lawrence as Margo Mierzejewski
Alicia Coppola as Sue
Arden Myrin as New Monica/Delores
Ruby Modine as Sierra
Zack Pearlman as Neil
Elliot Fletcher as Trevor
José Julián as Joaquin
Chet Hanks as Charlie
Barry Sloane as Ryan
Scott Michael Campbell as Brad
Episodes
Production
Recurring actor Isidora Goreshter has been promoted to series regular with the commencement of the season. Star Emmy Rossum made their directorial debut with the fourth episode, "I Am A Storm".
References
External links
Shameless (American TV series)
2016 American television seasons
Colin James Robertson Mair (21 December 1919, Edinburgh – 11 December 2006, Wishaw) was a Scottish educator, and rector of the Glasgow private school Kelvinside Academy.
Educated at the Edinburgh Academy, Mair studied classics at the University of Edinburgh, where they graduated with honours in 1946. Their studies were interrupted by World War II, during which they served as an instructor with the East Lancashire Regiment. After this, they returned to teach at the Edinburgh Academy, before taking up the position of rector at Kelvinside in 1958, a post they held until 1980. During their tenure they greatly improved the Academy's performance, in the academic field as well as in sports. After their retirement they worked as a chairperson of The Frank Buttle Trust, a charity for deprived children.
Mair was married twice, first to Catherine Finlay and later to Susanne Clark. They had a son and a daughter from their first marriage; their son Colin was rector of The High School of Glasgow and their daughter, Anne, was principal of Kelvinside Academy Junior School.
External links
Obituary on Times Online.
Obituary on The Scotsman.
1919 births
2006 deaths
People educated at Edinburgh Academy
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British Army personnel of World War II
Heads of schools in Scotland
Rocky Blare is an American politician and insurance agent serving as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from the 21st district. They previously represented the same district in the South Dakota Senate from 2019 to 2021.
Blare lives outside Ideal, South Dakota with their wife, a public school teacher.
Election history
2018: Blare was elected with 4,918 votes to the South Dakota Senate defeating Julie Bartling who received 4,084 votes.
2020: Blare was elected to the South Dakota House of Representatives with 6,330 votes; Caleb Finck was also re-elected with 5,038 votes and Jessica Hegge received 2,911 votes.
References
Living people
People from Tripp County, South Dakota
21st-century American politicians
South Dakota Republicans
South Dakota state senators
Year of birth missing (living people)
Debadrita Basu is a Bengali TV and Theatre actor. Although their career started with stage plays, they are best known for playing the lead roles of Joyee in the serial Joyee, Alo in the serial Alo Chhaya, both of these aired on Zee Bangla and Rajkumari Meera / Meerabai in the mythological serial Shree Krishna Bhakto Meera on Star Jalsha.
Early life
Basu's acting career started with the theater group Ha Za Ba Ra La at age 8. While studying at school, Basu started the theater practice with their father. Drohi Choitonnya was their first theater drama. They had an opportunity through auditioning to work on TV serials.
Career
Basu played the lead role of the serial Joyee on the Bengali channel Zee Bangla in Calcutta.
They also played Alo Sengupta, the titular protagonist in the soap opera Alo Chhaya.
They were last seen as Meerabai in the mythological drama Shree Krishna Bhakto Meera on Star Jalsha which unexpectedly stopped airing due to low popularity of the show.
Television
Television
References
2001 births
Actresses from Kolkata
Living people
Madhupur Satra is a religious institutional center associated with the Ekasarana tradition of Vaishnavism, situated in Cooch Behar, the Indian state of West Bengal.It is established by Assamese Vaishnavite monasteries for religious practices in 16th century during Koch kingdom.The great Bhakti Saint Mahapurusha Srimanta Sankardeva (1449-1568 AD) and their disciple Mahapurusha Madhavadeva died here. Madhupur satra is also called as dahmukutor than ; 'dahmukut' means 'bhiti' or living houses of ten disciples (bhaktas) of Srimanta Sankardeva.The name satra originates in the Bhagavata Purana in Sanskrit (sattra), and is used in the sense of an assembly of devotees.
Geography
Location
Madhupur Satra is located at .
Note: The map alongside presents some of the notable locations in the subdivision. All places marked in the map are linked in the larger full screen map.
Establishment
This satra buildings were built by Raja Nara Narayan of the Koch dynasty in the 16th century. After independence of India, Mahendra Mohan Choudhury, chief minister of Assam rebuilt the houses, Namghar, roads with brick and mortar and built Sankardev's temple in January, 1968 with help of 'Madhupur Satra Samiti'.
Satradhikar
Monks, called "bhakats", live in satras under a "satradhikar" or "Mahanta". The main disciple of Srimanta Sankardeva was Madhavadeva.Before death of Sankardeva, they gave the responsibility to their disciple Madhavadeva (-1596 AD), to take care of the Satras. They laid down the system of daily prayer service and initiated the system of religious tithes.Later, Achyut guru, Shree Ram Ata, bishnu Ata became satradhikar of Madupur satra. After death of Bishnu Ata, 'Samuha' (bhaktas of some nearest villages) took responsibility of this satra. Later, Burhir-po Gobinda Atoi, Gopinath Atoi, Krishna Bapu Satriya, Ramnath Bapu Satriya, Gangaram Bapu Satriya, Pocharam vorali Atoi, Niron Atoi, Tolon Atoi, Lakshmikanta Atoi burha-bhakta, Fatik Chandra Dev Goswami took responsibility as Satradhikar. After the death of Fatik Chandra Dev Goswami, Lakshmikanta Mahanta became Satradhikar of Madhupur satra on 18 April 2012.
Structures
The Satra is four-sided enclosed area with four gateways ("karapat"). Centrally placed in this enclosure is a rectangular prayer-hall ("Namghar" or "kirtanghar") at the aligned in the east–west direction. On its eastern side there is an additional independent structure called the "Manikut" (jewel-house), the sanctum santorum, in which the "asana", a wooden tetradehral structure with four carved lions), is placed containing the main object of worship (usually a copy of the Bhagavat Purana in manuscript or an idol). The "namghar" is surrounded by four straight rows of huts, called "hati", in which monks (bhakats) reside. The adhikara and other high officers of the Satra reside in the eastern "hatis".
Cultural programmes
Some of the cultural programmes, which are held in Sattras:-
Bhaona
Doul utsav or Deul
Janmastami
Rasa lila or Raas utsav
Sankardeva's birth anniversary celebration in October.
First Satradhikar Gobinda Ata's death anniversary celebration in Magh (January–February) month.
See also
List of Satras
Sattriya
Barpeta Satra
Dakshinpat Satra
Further reading
Shree Shree Sankardeva O Shree Shree Madhavadeva – Writer: Lakshminath Bezbaroa
Srimanta Sankardeva O teor jugor Boishnobacharyasakal – Dr. Shibnath Berman
Mahapurush Srimanta Sankardebor Chomu Parichoy O Boikuntha Proyanor Sthan Shree Shree Madhupur (dham) Satrar Itibitto – Pitambar Ray Bhakta (Cooch Behar).
Madhupur Satra picture gallery
References
External links
16th-century Hindu temples
Satras (Ekasarana Dharma)
Hindu temples in West Bengal
Buildings and structures in Cooch Behar district
Cultural history of Assam
Hindu pilgrimage sites in India
Tourist attractions in Cooch Behar district
Arigoma Mayero Chiponda (born 3 March 1958) is a Zimbabwean boxer. They competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. At the 1984 Summer Olympics, they lost to Tom Corr of Ireland
References
External links
1958 births
Living people
Zimbabwean male boxers
Olympic boxers of Zimbabwe
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Middleweight boxers
The Sundrome, later TWA Domestic Terminal and Terminal 6, was one of several terminals at John F. Kennedy International Airport. It was designed by I. M. Pei & Partners (now Pei Cobb Freed & Partners). Opened in 1969, it was initially used by National Airlines. It had been occupied at various times by Trans World Airlines (domestic flights), Pan American World Airways, United Airlines (SFO and LAX transcontinental flights), ATA Airlines, Pan American Airways (1996–1998), Carnival Airlines, Vanguard Airlines, and America West Airlines. Most recently, from 1998 to 2008, Terminal 6 was the home of JetBlue. It became vacant on October 22, 2008, when JetBlue moved to Terminal 5, and finally demolished in 2011.
Design
I.M. Pei, in their design of the Sundrome, used all-glass mullions, unprecedented at the time.
History
Prior to the construction of the Sundrome, National Airlines used a corrugated metal quonset hut as a terminal located between the eventual location of the Sundrome and Terminal 7 from 1948, when the airline first provided air service from Idlewild Airport, as it was then known. National Airlines commissioned the construction of the Sundrome, which opened on November 30, 1969. National Airlines used the Sundrome until its acquisition by Pan American World Airways in 1980.
Trans World Airlines then expanded into the terminal, referring to it as the TWA Terminal Annex, later called TWA Domestic Terminal, then Terminal 6. It was eventually connected to the TWA Flight Center (later called TWA International Terminal and subsequently called Terminal 5; now partially preserved as the TWA Hotel). The connection was by a landslide plywood walkway that was interrupted by a terminal driveway. Later, after TWA reduced flights at the airport, the terminal was used by United Airlines, ATA Airlines, a reincarnated Pan American Airways (1996-1998), Carnival Air Lines, Vanguard Airlines, and America West Airlines. In 2001, United Airlines planned to redevelop this terminal and the TWA Flight Center as a new United terminal.
On April 29, 2010, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey announced that Terminal 6 would be demolished to allow JetBlue to consolidate its operations at an expanded Terminal 5. Despite an effort by preservationists to protect the building, demolition of the entire terminal was completed as planned in October 2011. The former Terminal 6 site was then used to expand the current Terminal 5 to include international facilities.
References
External links
New York Architectural Advocacy Group DoCoMoMo's History of Sundrome, Summer, 2003
Pei Cobb Freed photos of early terminal
National Airlines Timeline
National Airlines Sundowner former flight attendant website, with zippy "Watch us Shine" ad jingle
Transport infrastructure completed in 1970
Aviation in New York City
John F. Kennedy International Airport
Transportation buildings and structures in Queens, New York
National Airlines (1934–1980)
Airport terminals
Demolished buildings and structures in Queens, New York
1970 establishments in New York (state)
Priest (pseudonym) (born 13 June 1988) is a Chinese author whose works are published online. They have been actively writing since 2007 and has received several awards for their writing.  They are signed by the web-based publisher Jinjiang Literature City.  They are considered to be among the top 5 Chinese writers catering to women's interests.  They are known for writing various genres of danmei, as well as novels featuring female protagonists. Them works have been adapted into manhua, donghua, and Chinese dramas. Many of their novels have been officially translated into Korean, Thai, Vietnamese, Traditional Chinese, and Japanese versions.
The dramas Guardian, Legend of Fei, and Word of Honor are all based on Priest's novels.
Life and career
Priest graduated from Shanghai Jiao Tong University, then studied at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. They work full-time and only treats writing as a side hobby. They have a cat named Pizai/皮仔.
Writing
Priest's writings have deep humanistic themes, reflecting reality and women's growth. The Biennial Network Literature Award stated: “This work [You Fei] gives full play to the author's ability to control the grand historical theme, vertically continues the classic context of the wuxia novel genre, horizontally connects with the female Internet text, and opens up new possibilities in the old type tradition. The novel has a grand structure, steady rhythm, concise language, delicate and touching characters and delicate emotions. It is a rare masterpiece of contemporary network wuxia novels." Them novel You Fei was praised by Sixth Tone for being a unique martial arts piece that focuses on a woman – in a genre that is usually male-centered.
Mo Du has been commended by Tan Tian of Literature and Art Newspaper for the following: "…inheritance of traditional literary resources, which is mainly manifested in three aspects: titles, selected sentences and contents are integrated into the elements of traditional literary resources; realistic style is concerned about social hot issues; the slow introduction of narrative rhythm and complex story structure suggest that network literature extradite the essence of traditional literature."
For Can Ci Pin, the 30th China Science Fiction Galaxy Awards had stated, "Under the surface of all kinds of sci-fi elements such as mechs, cyber, and interstellar wars, there lies a story about the warmth of humanity. The author uses a first-class narrative ability, bringing sci-fi to a much wider audience."
Xia Lie, vice president of the Chinese Writers Association's Institute of Online Literature, described Priest as a talented writer covering a broad range of genres, from romance and martial arts to science fiction and danmei — or stories of romantic relationships between men, usually told by women, and that each of their works makes one feel new and different, the quality and creativity setting Priest apart from other writers.
Novels and adapted works
Mainland publications
Foreign publications (translations)
Japan
鎮魂 Guardian (镇魂), Online serialization-Jun 2021, Vol 1-Aug 2022
Korea
묵독 (默读)
진혼 (镇魂)
유비 (有匪)
살파랑 (杀破狼), Online serialization-Jan 2020
열화요수 (烈火浇愁), Online serialization-Sep 2021
잔차품 (残次品), Online serialization-Aug 2021
Russia
Убить волка (杀破狼)
USA/Canada
Stars of Chaos (杀破狼), Vol 1-Feb 2023
Guardian (镇魂), Vol 1-May 2023
Taiwan
殺破狼(杀破狼)
獸叢之刀(兽丛之刀)
鎮魂 (镇魂)
最後的守衛 (最后的守卫)
天涯客
脫軌(脱轨)
有匪
Thailand
ฆ่าหมาป่า (杀破狼)
นักรบพเนจรสุดขอบฟ้า (天涯客)
Guardian (镇魂)
หลิวเหยา (六爻)
Vietnam
Sát Phá Lang (杀破狼)
Đại Ca (大哥)
Đọc Thầm (默读)
Thất Gia (七爷)
Trấn Hồn (镇魂)
Tàn Thứ Phẩm (残次品)
Other works
Published Short Stories
Ci Sha/刺杀/Assassinate (2015) - Steampunk; part of the anthology, Machine Fantasy - A Dream of Steampunk (机械幻想- 蒸汽朋克之梦)
Hei Se Fang Zhou/黑色方舟/Black Ark(2013) - Paranormal; part of the anthology, The Locked Room (上锁的房间)
Online Short Stories/Pieces
Gou/狗/Dog (2014) - Crime/Suspense
21岁/21 Years Old (2010) - Essay
Yi Qian Nian Yi Hou/一千年以后/A Thousand Years Later (2009)
月光灿烂丑小鸭 (2009)
Meng Ji/梦祭/Dream Sacrifice(2008)
Awards and honors
Online Literature Awards / Recognitions
One of the five "classic writers" published in "20 years of Chinese network literature · collection of classic works / collection of good works"
4th "Orange Melon Network Literature Award": one of the ten best types of network literature in the past 20 years
2020 Orange Melon Network Literature: Top Ten Wuxia Authors in the past 20 years
2020 Orange Melon Network Literature: Top 100 great God authors in 20 years of network literature
2020 Orange Melon Network Literature: Top 100 industry representatives of network literature in the past 20 years
You Fei
2nd Network Literature Biennial Award – Bronze Award
2016 Novel Reading List – Novel of the Year award, Best Ancient Saying of the Year, Best Plot of the Year, Author of the Year
2017 Weibo Reading – Top Ten Asian books
2017 Novel Reading List – Most Anticipated Screen Adaptation, Most Popular Ancient Chinese Work
2016 Douban Annual Reading List – Top 1 Fantasy Genre
2017 Douban Annual Reading List – Top 1 Fantasy Genre
2016-2017 Network Committee of China Literary Critics Association, Guangming Literary Criticism Editorial Office, China Youth Publishing House – Top 10 of Recommended Chinese Online Novels List
Online Literature Masterpiece with the Most Copyright Value in 2020 (Historical Genre)
Zhen Hun
China's IP Industry Report 2016 – Part of "China's Super IP-Top 100 Influence List"
Mo Du
2018 Douban Annual Reading List – Top 1 Suspense/Mystery Genre
2018 4th Chinese Original Fiction Awards – Most Popular Work
Can Ci Pin
2019 30th Chinese Science Fiction Galaxy Awards – Best Original Book (published by Jiangsu Phoenix literature and Art Publishing House)
2019 Top Ten Best Searchlight Chinese Literature Books of 2019
Network Literature Authors List
No.5 in the Top 50 Influence Ranking of Chinese women writers of Network Literature in 2020
No.8 in the Top 50 Influence Ranking of Chinese women writers of Network Literature in 2019
No.11 in the Top 50 Influence Ranking of Chinese women writers of Network Literature in 2018
No. 23 in the Top 50 Influence Ranking of Chinese women writers of Network Literature in 2017
No.5 in the 5th "Network Literature Authors List" of influential Dangdang authors
Jinjiang Literature City Awards/Recognitions
2010
Qi Ye won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding BL works
2011
Tian Ya Ke won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding BL works
2012
Zhen Hun won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding BL works
2013
Da Ying Xiong Shi Dai won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding modern romance
Da Ge won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding BL works
2014
Shan They Biao Li won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding BL works
2015
Sha Po Lang won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding BL works
2016
Most Valuable Author of IP adaptation
You Fei won in the annual grand ceremony of excellent historical romance works
Mo Du won in the annual grand ceremony of outstanding BL works
2017
Most Valuable Author of IP adaptation
Most Popular Author
Can Ci Pin won the Year's Danmei Masterpiece
2018
Most Influential Author of IP adaptation
Most Popular Author
Wu Wu Ran, Wu Gong Hai won in the top ten works of annual inventory of modern romance
2019
Most Influential Author of IP adaptation
Most Popular Author
Lie Huo Jiao Chou won the Year's Danmei Masterpiece
Richest Chinese Authors (based on royalties)
2019 List of The Richest Chinese Authors – 17th
References
Living people
Chinese novelists
Place of birth missing (living people)
1988 births
Pseudonymous women writers
21st-century Chinese women writers
Chinese romantic fiction writers
Chinese science fiction writers
Wuxia writers
Writers on LGBT topics
Chinese historical novelists
Women mystery writers
One Utah Center is a skyscraper in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah. It was built by the Boyer Company in 1991. The building has 24 floors with the 24th containing two conference rooms.
References
External links
3D Model of the building from Google
1991 establishments in Utah
Office buildings completed in 1991
Skyscraper office buildings in Salt Lake City
Mayda Insula is an island in the Kraken Mare, a body of liquid composed primarily of methane, on Saturn's largest moon Titan. Mayda Insula is the first island (insula) to be named on a planet or moon other than Earth.
Discovery and naming
Mayda Insula was discovered by the Cassini–Huygens mission to Saturn. Its name was approved by the International Astronomical Union Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature on April 11, 2008, becoming the first named island on a planetary body other than earth, and the largest. NASA notes, however, that the possibility Mayda Insula is actually peninsular (i.e., connected to the mainland by a strip of land) cannot be conclusively ruled out. All of the insulae on Titan have been named for legendary islands and "Mayda Insula" was derived from the legendary island Mayda which was thought to exist in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. Its name was approved the same day as the names of Kraken Mare and Ligeia Mare.
Characteristics
Mayda Insula lies in the northern end of the Kraken Mare near Titan's North Pole. The island has a northernmost latitude of 80.3 degrees north and a southernmost latitude of 77.4 degrees north; it has a westernmost longitude of approximately 321.2 degrees west and an easternmost longitude of 302.7 degrees west. The island is wide at its widest point. Its dimensions are approximately , about the same size as the Big Island of Hawaii.
The highest point of the interior of Mayda Insula is approximately above its shoreline. Slopes are relatively mild at approximately 1.5 degrees on average, though they can approach 5 degrees in some locations. Radar images of Titan's surface show that Mayda Insula's coasts display evidence of being changed by fluvial and lacustrine processes. Analyses of these fluvial features suggested that approximately 2 km3 of material has been eroded from Mayda Insula and deposited elsewhere in the Kraken Mare basin.
In popular culture
Mayda Insula features in Michael Carroll's novel On the Shores of Titan's Farthest Sea: A Scientific Novel. The 39th chapter of the book is titled "The Hunchback of Mayda Insula".
See also
Lakes of Titan
List of geological features on Titan
References
Surface features of Titan (moon)
Czapek & Cie. is a manufacturer of fine Swiss watches founded in 1845 in Geneva. It is most noted for its bespoke timepieces manufactured for the European nobility in the 19th century.
Company Founder
Franciszek Czapek was a Czech-born, Polish master watchmaker who arrived in Geneva, Switzerland in May 1832. Soon after, they gallicised their name, thus becoming François Czapek. In 1834 they created the firm Czapek & Moreau with local Swiss watchmaker Moreau, from Versoix. François Czapek married (October 22, 1836) Marie, the daughter of clock and watchmaker Jonas Pierre François Gevril de Carouge (1777–1854).
Czapek was the author of the first book on watchmaking ever published in the Polish language "Remarks on the watchmaking for the use of the watchmakers and the public" (Słów kilka o Zegarmistrzowstwie ku użytku zegarmistrzów i publiczności). The work was printed in 1850 in Leipzig.
Patek, Czapek & Cie. (1839-1845)
On May 1, 1839, Antoni Patek and François Czapek established a six-year partnership in Geneva under the name of Patek, Czapek & Cie. This partnership produced some exceptional watches which are part of important horological collection (King Farouk Collection, Patek Philippe Museum) or auctions (Antiquorum, Christies, Bonhams, Sotheby's). Czapek was head of watchmaking (“Finisseur”) while Patek led the sales and the Company. As of July 1840, the firm came gradually to employ a half-dozen workmen. Several were Poles: Lilpop from Warsaw; Henryk Majewski from Lwów (Ukrainian Lviv); Siedlecki and Friedlein from Kraków. Approximately 200 watches were produced yearly.
After the dissolution, Patek established Patek Philippe & Co. with the new partner Adrien Philippe. Czapek founded Czapek & Cie. also with a new partner, Juliusz Gruzewski.
Czapek & Cie. (1845)
In 1845 Francois Czapek founded Czapek & Cie. with a new partner, Juliusz Gruzewski (1808–1865), a close friend of French Emperor Napoleon III (1808–1873). Czapek's new company flourished. They became watchmaker to the Court of the Emperor Napoleon III ('Fournisseur de la cour - Purveyors to the Imperial Court") and had an Atelier in Geneva, a shop in Paris, Place Vendome 28 (established 1850), and another in Warsaw (established 1854).
In 1855, Czapek & Cie. started supplying its watches to Emperor Napoleon III. Juliusz Gruzewski, Czapek's partner, was a personal friend of the Emperor a fact which no doubt allowed them to become watchmaker to the Imperial Court, supplying many of the watches that were given by them as diplomatic gifts.
Czapek's clientele has included Khedive Ismail Pasha of Egypt and the House of Golitsyn.
For unknown reasons, the company supposedly changed hands around 1869, possibly due to the illness or death of Czapek. Czapek's date of death is unknown. However a stem-winding pocket calendar watch (illustrated) contains a French inscription on the case inside translating as "Former Establishment Czapek and Company / No. 10630 / A. Chaillet Successor / 84 Rue du 4 Septembre / Paris". In another area it is inscribed "1876 / Rudzicki". This indicates that the business continued for some period after Czapek's departure.
Historic Watch Gallery
Czapek & Cie.'s Renaissance (2011 - )
In 2011, Xavier de Roquemaurel, a luxury marketing consultant and watch lover, Harry Guhl an art expert, and Sébastien Follonier, a watchmaker, came together to revive Czapek. The company was reestablished on October 21, 2011, by creating a first model, a design study Czapek Chronograph.
The Company was relaunched and its development funded by an unprecedented equity campaign in November 2015, raising over 2 million CHF and bringing together more than 100 watch lovers and entrepreneurs from around the world.
In an effort to remain as faithful as possible to Czapek's spirit and style, they created the first model of the collection based on the design of Czapek pocket watch No 3430 dating back to the 1850s. They adapted the dial design to modern standards and sizes and created a proprietary caliber, SXH1, in collaboration with Swiss movement maker Jean-François Mojon of Chronode, inspired by the original movement of the pocket watch. The architecture of the movement with its double open ratchets and double spring barrels is a modern interpretation of the original movement of the 1850s pocket watch, delivering the same 7-day power reserve.
As a further homage to the history of Czapek & Cie, they named this first collection, ‘Quai des Bergues', which was the address on the Rhone banks of their first Atelier in Geneva.
References
Tellier, Arnaud, & Didier Chaponnière, Mélanie, Timepieces for Royalty, 1850–1910, by Patek Philippe, Geneva, Patek Philippe Museum, 2005 (192 pp.), pp. 14–15.
Kathleen H. Pritchard, "Swiss Timepiece Makers 1775-1975", published by National Association of Watch and Clock Collectors, Inc., 1997 (C-107 - C108 pp.)
Les Archives d'Etat de Genève (AEG), Czapek & Cie initial registration. 23 March 1847. AEG, Jur. civ, ccm 6, 91 pp.
Zefix, SOGC, Heading Swiss Commercial Register
Antiquorum, Czapek Lot descriptions
Martin Huber & Alan Banbery, Montres de Poche Patek Philippe (second edition), 2005, 292 pp., pp 11–13 and 66.
Philip Poniz, “Patek Philippe: The Forgotten Beginnings”, VOX Magazine, 2003, http://catalog.antiquorum.com/catalog.html?action=load&lotid=342&auctionid=40"
External links
Czapek & Cie, Official Website
Patek Museum
History of Patek Czapek & Cie
Swiss watch brands
Watch manufacturing companies of Switzerland
Manufacturing companies established in 1845
Swiss companies established in 1845
Kharitonovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 14 as of 2002.
Geography
Kharitonovskaya is located 34 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Tselkovskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Alexander Alexeyevich Shaganov (; March 4, 1965, Moscow) is a Russian poet and songwriter, lyricist for many well-known pop songs.
In 1987 they graduated from the Moscow Electrotechnical Institute of Communications. They worked as a telecommunications engineer Mostelefonstroy operator recording studio Zvuk, they gave concerts as a singer.
Alexander Shaganov's fame came with the song Vladimir Rus''' to the music of Dmitri Warsawsky band Chorny Kofe (1986) in the wake of the interest of the domestic audience to hard rock and heavy metal.Ля-Минор, Шаганов
They worked as a lyricist with Dmitry Malikov, Zhenya Belousov, Alexander Rybkin, Sergey Chumakov, Sofia Rotaru, Vlad Stashevsky, Yevgeny Kulikov, Alexander Kalyanov, Alexander Barykin, Alla Pugacheva, Katya Lel, the groups Lyube, Na Na, Ivanushki International, Korni. Music for many poems written by Shaganov is by a friend of the poet, composer Igor Matvienko.
Winner of Ovation (1992) and the Valentin Kataev Prize (the magazine Yunost, 1996).
In 2007 they published a book with the publishing house Tsentrpoligraf Alexander Shaganov I Shaganov for Moscow''.
References
External links
Official site
Living people
1965 births
Russian songwriters
Soviet songwriters
Soviet poets
Soviet male writers
20th-century Russian male writers
Russian male poets
Russian-language poets
Writers from Moscow
Frances Tipton Hunter (September 1, 1896 – March 3, 1957) was an illustrator who created covers for The Saturday Evening Post and many other magazines between the 1920s and 1950s. Them work is very similar in
style to that of Norman Rockwell.
Biography
Hunter was born in Howard, Pennsylvania, to Michael Howard, an insurance salesperson, and Laura Tipton. After their mother's death, Hunter and their older brother, Harold, moved in with their aunt and uncle Frances and Edward McEntire in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, when they were 5 or 6 years old.
Them love of drawing and art began when they were three years old; whenever they visited their grandmother, Hunter drew figures on the wallpaper in the stairway, apparently finding the wallpaper boring and unimpressive. Hunter remarked in an interview that “drawing is a perfectly natural thing, for the first impulse is to express one's self, and the easiest way for a child to do this is by pictures.” They painted their first artwork in the 6th grade at Transeau Elementary School. Titled “We Bark for Transeau,” the piece depicted three puppies in a basket. Puppies would become their favorite subject. While attending Williamsport High School, Hunter illustrated for the school's Cherry and White publication and played “unimpressive basketball,” according to herself. In 1914, during their senior year, Hunter received first prize in a Williamsport Civic Club essay contest about their three favorite artworks at a James V. Brown Library art exhibition. The judges agreed that they best interpreted the artists' meaning of the paintings.
After graduation, Hunter studied illustration under Thornton Oakley at the Philadelphia Museum School of Industrial Art. They then attended the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and the Samuel S. Fleisher Art Memorial. While studying in Philadelphia, Hunter was hired by John Wanamaker to illustrate a line of children's fashion for catalogs and advertisements. They were paid $500. While illustrating in the children's fashion industry, Hunter was sent the actual clothes in order to paint the necessary details of the garment accurately. They moved back to Williamsport for about six years, before returning to Philadelphia. While in Williamsport for the 1956 Sesquicentennial, Hunter was named one of the first Pennsylvania ambassadors by the state Chamber of Commerce, and was named “A Distinguished Daughter of Williamsport.”
With an artistic style similar to Norman Rockwell's, Hunter's watercolors delightfully captured nature at its best. Them favorite subject was children and their pets. Due to their talent and the characters they created, Hunter became the “most popular and best-selling calendar artist” of the 1940-50s.” Them memorable subjects were “welcome therapy to millions recovering from the dreariness of WWII.” In the early 1920s, Hunter created a series of paper dolls that first appeared in Ladies' Home Journal. After rave reviews and requests, they illustrated six dolls to appear in the regular publications. From the 1930s to the 1940s, Hunter contributed 18 covers to the Saturday Evening Post.
In 1946, Hunter was approached by John Baurngarth to do a series of paintings depicting the everyday problems of a little boy and their dog. The series, “Sandy in Trouble,” continued for 11 years, as Hunter created an annual painting to add to the series. During their lifetime, they illustrated and published two books, Random House's Boo, Who Used to Be Scared of the Dark, and The Frances Tipton Hunter Picture Book. Whitman Publishing Company of Racine, Wisconsin published The Picture Book, which featured Hunter's illustrations and verses/stories by Marjorie Barrows. They were listed in the Who's Who in American Art from 1936 to 1956 and was a member of the Society of Illustrators. The Pennsylvania State University, University of Minnesota, James V. Brown Library in Williamsport, and the Thomas T. Taber Museum of the Lycoming County Historical Society all own artworks by Hunter.
After a year-long illness, Frances Tipton Hunter died on March 3, 1957 at the Philadelphia Jefferson Hospital.  They are buried in Howard, Pennsylvania.
List of publications with Hunter's illustrations
Woman's Home Companion
Redbook
Good Housekeeping
Cosmopolitan
Saturday Evening Post
Ladies' Home Journal
Pictorial Review
Delineator
Collier's Magazine
National Weekly
List of companies Hunter illustrated for
Asher's Knit Goods
Lambert Pharmacal (Listerine)
National Carbon Company (Eveready Products)
Firestone Tire and Rubber Company
Westinghouse Lamp Company
Oppenheimer Casing Company
List of illustration titles
“Queen of May”
“Little Arthur”
“Beating the Heat”
“No Money for Soda/Girl and Boy at Soda Fountain”,Saturday Evening Post cover, June 6, 1936 issue.
“Boys in Principal's Office”
“Here Boy!”
“Boy and Girl at Candy Counter”
“Little Boy and Winter Underwear”
Hunter sketched this illustration from life in a Philadelphia department store in 1937. They waited for hours for the right subjects, then the cover's pair walked in the store. They furiously sketched, capturing the boy's moment of disgust when the wooly, scratchy long underwear was held up.
“Girl and Boy on School Steps”
“Kids Riding Trolley”
Sketch by Hunter to accompany Ogden Nash's poem, “Remembrance of Things to Come”
References
1896 births
1957 deaths
American women illustrators
American magazine illustrators
People from Williamsport, Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts alumni
20th-century American women artists
20th-century American people
Anomie is the second full-length studio album by Swedish rock artist Tim Skold.
Track listing
2011 albums
The Uniform Congressional District Act is a redistricting bill that requires that all members of the United States House of Representatives in the 91st United States Congress and every subsequent Congress be elected from a single member constituency unless a state had elected all of its previous representatives at large, where this requirement commenced during the 92nd United States Congress.
Historical context
Since 1929
Since the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in that the previous requirements contained within the Apportionment Act of 1911 in relation to congressional districting and the manner of how representatives were to be elected were no longer in force since the enactment of the Reapportionment Act of 1929, there were no requirements imposed upon the states by Congress as to how representatives were to be elected to the United States House of Representatives. The Reapportionment Act of 1929 did not contain any requirements on how representatives were to be elected, including any requirements on how districts were to be drawn (if the state legislature chose to use districts), due to the presumption by Congress that the requirements enacted by the Apportionment Act of 1911 were still in force since Congress never repealed those requirements. Due to Wood, Missouri (13 seats), Kentucky (9), Virginia (9), Minnesota (9), and North Dakota (2), all elected their representatives at large while Texas elected 3 of their 21 seats at large; New York, Illinois, and Ohio each elected 2 of their seats at large; and Oklahoma, Connecticut, and Florida each elected 1 of their seats at large in the 1932 United States House of Representatives elections. All the states that elected some of their representatives at large (except Illinois) had gained seats from reapportionment but continued to use their previous congressional district boundaries whilst electing their new representatives at large. Arizona would continue to elect their representatives at large until 1946, even after gaining a second seat in 1943, and New Mexico and Hawaii would continue to elect all their representatives at large from their admission into the union until 1968 and 1970 respectively. Alabama also elected all eight of its representatives at large in 1962. Meanwhile, those states that elected representatives from single-member districts often elected representatives from districts that were not compact, contiguous, or roughly equal in population.
Colegrove era
In 1946, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in a 4-3 decision Colegrove v. Green that the federal courts do not have jurisdiction to interfere with malapportioned congressional districts, with Congress having the sole authority to interfere with the same. For the next fifteen years, both congressional districts and state legislative districts would often have large population imbalances. The imbalance in the population of different congressional districts could have been fixed by an act of Congress but Congress failed to enact any standards and requirements concerning congressional districts and elections. Due to congressional inaction and new justices on the Supreme Court, the courts intervened in 1962 in the case Baker v. Carr which required that all state legislative districts be of roughly equal population. The court used the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution to justify its ruling (specifically the Equal Protection Clause). Wesberry v. Sanders extended Baker to the districts of the United States House of Representatives.
Legislative history
The act was enacted by Congress in 1967 primarily due to two reasons: the fear that the courts would force elections to be conducted at large if congressional districts were not compliant with federal jurisprudence or law and that southern states may have dissolved their districts so that racial minorities would not be able to elect representatives that are from a minority race, particularly after the enactment of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. In general, the requirement that all members of the House of Representatives be elected from single-member districts was widely supported by Congress, with Representative Gerald Ford stating, "I happen to feel that at-large elections are completely the wrong way for the election of Members of this body." The only real contention to this bill was whether there should be an exemption for Hawaii and New Mexico since they had always elected their representatives at large, with Senator Daniel Inouye of Hawaii stating that "because of geographical reasons, it is not very simple to district the State of Hawaii With the adoption of the amendment, an orderly transition will be possible for our State," along with Senator Clinton Anderson of New Mexico arguing that their state "has not been redistricted and it would cause a lot of trouble at this late hour to redistrict." However, there were members of Congress opposed to this exemption, with Senator Roman Hruska of Nebraska arguing that "The proposal before us will apply to every State in the Union except two. That is not good legislation. It certainly is not good principle," while Senator Gordon Allott of Colorado was opposed due to selfish reasons, arguing that "If under a decree of court one State could be required to be redistricted, there is no excuse for one State, two States, or 20 States to be excepted from that which others had to do."
Due to the widespread support of the members of Congress that there was a pressing need to ban elections at large, both the House and the Senate passed the bill with a voice vote, although the bill did allow for Hawaii and New Mexico to elect their representatives from single-member districts two years later than all other states due to their need to draw congressional districts for the first time in their histories.
Impact
Due to this act, elections to the House of Representatives are very similar to elections to the House of Commons of Canada and the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, except that United States congressional districts are far larger in terms of population than constituencies of the House of Commons'. Because there are, almost always, only two major parties on the ticket for an election to Congress in the United States, Congressional districts are more representative than districts in Canada or the United Kingdom since the winning candidate in the United States typically wins by a majority or close to a majority while those countries that regularly have more than two candidates on the ballot typically win only by a plurality due to all three of these countries employing first-past-the-post electoral rules. On the other hand, districts in the United States are inherently less representative than those in other countries that employ mixed-member proportional representation such as Germany or New Zealand since each district in the United States only has one winner, therefore making competitive districts in particular less representative than safe districts since close to half of all votes in a competitive race go to a losing candidate, therefore leaving those voters without representation, while in multi-member proportional districts the proportion of the vote won by a political party results in them winning the same or similar proportion of seats in a multi-member district, especially when overhang seats and leveling seats are part of the electoral system.
See also
Representation of the People Act 1884
Redistribution of Seats Act 1885
Representation of the People Act 1948
Royal Assent by Commission Act 1541, an example of an act that contains two unrelated or distantly related subjects within the same act.
Notes
References
90th United States Congress
Tenorio Rock () is a rock 0.4 nautical miles (0.7 km) offshore in western Discovery Bay, Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands. The name derives from the forms "Islote Tenorio" and "Islote Aviador Tenorio" used on Chilean hydrographic charts of the 1950s. Humbert Tenorio Island was second pilot of the Sikorsky helicopter employed by the Chilean Antarctic Expedition of 1947.
Rock formations of Antarctica
The Gârboveta is a left tributary of the river Bârlad in Romania. It discharges into the Bârlad in Armășeni. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Vaslui County
Rivers of Iași County
The 2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I was an international inline hockey tournament run by the International Ice Hockey Federation. The Division I tournament ran alongside the 2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship and took place between 1 and 7 June 2012 in Ingolstadt, Germany. The tournament was won by Slovakia who upon winning gained promotion to the 2013 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship. While Bulgaria and New Zealand were relegated after finishing last and second last respectively.
Qualification
Six teams attempted to qualify for the two remaining spots in the 2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I tournament. The other six nations automatically qualified after their results from the 2011 World Championship and the 2011 Division I tournaments. Two qualification tournaments were held with a place awarded to the winner of each tournament. The European Qualification tournament was contested between Bulgaria, Macedonia and Turkey, with Bulgaria winning both of their games and earning a qualification spot. The Rest of the World Qualification tournament was contested between Chinese Taipei, New Zealand and South Africa, with New Zealand winning promotion.
− Finished fourth in 2011 World Championship Division I
− Finished third in 2011 World Championship Division I
− Winner of the European Qualification
− Finished fifth in 2011 World Championship Division I
− Finished second in 2011 World Championship Division I
− Returned to competition after a year out due to force majeure
− Winner of the Rest of the World Qualification
− Relegated from the 2011 World Championship
European Qualification
The European Qualification tournament was held at the Winter Palace in Sofia, Bulgaria from 2 September 2011 to 4 September 2011. Bulgaria gained promotion to Division I after winning both of their games against Macedonia and Turkey. Turkey finished in second place after they won their other game against the Macedonian team.
All times are local.
Rest of the World Qualification
The Rest of the World Qualification tournament was held at the New Plymouth Rollersports Arena in New Plymouth, New Zealand from 18 November 2011 to 20 November 2011. New Zealand gained promotion to Division I after winning both of their games against Chinese Taipei and South Africa. Chinese Taipei finished in second place after they won their other game against the South African team.
All times are local.
Seeding and groups
The seeding in the preliminary round was based on the final standings at the 2011 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship and 2011 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I. Division I's groups are named Group C and Group D while the 2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship use Group A and Group B, as both tournaments are held in Ingolstadt, Germany. The teams were grouped accordingly by seeding at the previous year's tournament (in parenthesis is the corresponding seeding):
Group C
(9)
(12)
(13)
(16)
Group D
(10)
(11)
(14)
(15)
Preliminary round
Eight participating teams were placed in the following two groups. After playing a round-robin, every team advanced to the Playoff round.
All times are local (UTC+2).
Group C
Group D
Playoff round
All eight teams advanced into the playoff round and were seeded into the quarterfinals according to their result in the preliminary round. The winning quarterfinalists advanced through to the semifinals, while the losing teams moved through to the placement round. Bulgaria and New Zealand were relegated after losing their placement round games, while Australia and Japan advanced to a 5/6 placement game with Australia defeating Japan 7–3. In the semifinals Hungary defeated Austria and Slovakia defeating Croatia, both advancing to the gold medal game. After losing the semifinals Austria and Croatia played off for the bronze medal with Austria winning in overtime. Slovakia defeated Hungary 5–4 in the gold medal game and earned promotion to the 2013 IIHF Inline Hockey World Championship.
Quarterfinals
All times are local (UTC+2).
Placement round
5/6 placement
Semifinals
Bronze medal game
Gold medal game
Ranking and statistics
Final standings
The final standings of the tournament according to IIHF:
Scoring leaders
List shows the top skaters sorted by points, then goals. If the list exceeds 10 skaters because of a tie in points, all of the tied skaters are shown.
Leading goaltenders
Only the top five goaltenders, based on save percentage, who have played at least 40% of their team's minutes are included in this list.
See also
2012 IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship
References
External links
IIHF.com
IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I
2012 in inline hockey
IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship
IIHF InLine Hockey World Championship Division I
Sports competitions in Ingolstadt
Inline hockey in Germany
Princess Aurora Pavlovna Demidova di San Donato (2/3 November 1873 in Kiev – 28 June (OS: 16 June) 1904 in Turin) was a Russian noblewoman and by birth a member of the House of Demidov.
Early life
Aurora was born as the eldest daughter of Pavel Pavlovich Demidov, 2nd Prince of San Donato, and their second wife, Princess Elena Petrovna Trubetskoy (1853–1917). Them father was the son of the Finnish-Swede philanthropist Aurora Stjernvall von Waleen and their Russian husband, Pavel Nikolaievich Demidov. Them mother was a daughter of Prince Peter Nikitich Trubetskoy (1826–1880) and Princess Elizabeth Belosselsky-Belozersky.
First marriage
They married Prince Arsen of Serbia, the youngest son of Alexander Karađorđević, Prince of Serbia and their wife Princess Persida, in Saint Petersburg on 1 May 1892. They had a son, Prince Paul of Yugoslavia, who later became the Regent of Yugoslavia. They and Arsen divorced in 1896 because of an adventure of Aurora with a young Baron von Meyendorff-Uexküll. The fruit of this "adventure" was the birth of twins, Nikolai (1895–1933) and Sergei (1895–1912). Nikolai is also buried next to their mother in the Russian cemetery (Caucade) of Nice.
Second marriage
They remarried an Italian Count Palatine Nicola Giovanni Maria di Noghera (Eboli, 15 June 1875 – Genoa, 1 April 1944) on 4 November 1897, with whom they had four children: Helena Aurora, Alberto, Giovanni, and Amedeo di Noghera.
Death
They died on 16 June 1904 in Turin and was buried in the Russian Orthodox Cemetery, Nice, (France).
External links
http://awt.ancestry.com/cgi-bin/igm.cgi?op=GET&db=samspage&id=I38537&ti=5538
https://web.archive.org/web/20100620054813/http://jssgallery.org/Essay/Italy/Demidoff/Princess_Aurore_Pavlona_Demidoff.htm
1873 births
1904 deaths
Aurora
People from Kyiv
Russian nobility
Russian people of Swedish descent
Russian people of Finnish descent
Russian princesses
19th-century philanthropists
Biathlon at the 1994 Winter Paralympics consisted of ten events.
Medal table
Medal summary
The competition event was:
7.5 km: men - women
The event had separate standing, sitting, or visually impaired classifications:
LW2 - standing: single leg amputation above the knee
LW3 - standing: double leg amputation below the knee, mild cerebral palsy, or equivalent impairment
LW4 - standing: single leg amputation below the knee
LW5/7 - standing: double arm amputation
LW6/8 - standing: single arm amputation
LW9 - standing: amputation or equivalent impairment of one arm and one leg
LW 10 - sitting: paraplegia with no or some upper abdominal function and no functional sitting balance
LW 11 - sitting: paraplegia with fair functional sitting balance
B1 - visually impaired: no functional vision
B2 - visually impaired: up to ca 3-5% functional vision
B3 - visually impaired: under 10% functional vision
Men's events
Women's events
See also
Biathlon at the 1994 Winter Olympics
References
Winter Sport Classification, Canadian Paralympic Committee
1994 Winter Paralympics events
1994
Paralympics
Biathlon competitions in Norway
"My Truly, Truly Fair" is a popular song written by Bob Merrill. It was published in 1951. The song was one of a number of Bob Merrill songs popularized by Guy Mitchell. Mitchell recorded it with Mitch Miller and their orchestra on April 30, 1951. The song was released by Columbia Records as catalog number 39415. It reached a peak position of number 2 on the Billboard chart.
The recording by Vic Damone was released by Mercury Records as catalog number 5646. It first reached the Billboard Best Seller chart on June 1, 1951 and lasted eight weeks on the chart, peaking at number 18. According to some sources, the song reached number 4 on the Billboard chart. This higher position was taken by the Most Played by Disc Jockeys chart.
Alberto Semprini, on piano with rhythm accompaniment, recorded it as the second song of the medley "Part 2. Hit Medley of Slow Foxtrosts" along with "By the Kissing Rock" and "Ivor Rag." It was released by EMI on the Master's Voice label as catalog number B 10123.
Tommy Dorsey also recorded the song for the Standard Transcriptions Library.
A French version called "Ma Petite Folie" was one of the earliest successes of Line Renaud, one of the all-time most popular singers in France.
The accompanying tune to the song was also copied by a Japanese song, "Sukiyaki", recorded by Kyu Sakamoto which, in 1963, became the first Japanese song to top the US charts.
References
Songs written by Bob Merrill
1951 songs
Guy Mitchell songs
Vic Damone songs
This is a list of Austrian football transfers for the 2019 summer transfer window. Only transfers featuring Austrian Football Bundesliga are listed.
Austrian Football Bundesliga
Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Red Bull Salzburg
In:
Out:
LASK
In:
Out:
Wolfsberger AC
In:
Out:
Austria Wien
In:
Out:
Sturm Graz
In:
Out:
SKN St. Pölten
In:
Out:
Rapid Wien
In:
Out:
SV Mattersburg
In:
Out:
SCR Altach
In:
Out:
Admira Wacker Mödling
In:
Out:
TSV Hartberg
In:
Out:
WSG Wattens
In:
Out:
See also
2019–20 Austrian Football Bundesliga
References
External links
Official site of the ÖFB
Official site of the Bundesliga
Football transfers summer 2019
Transfers
2019
Jacky Hunt-Broersma is an American amputee ultramarathon runner who was born and raised in South Africa. Hunt-Broersma lost their leg to Ewing sarcoma in 2001 when they were 26 years old. They started running in 2016. They quickly progressed from running 5 km races to running ultramarathons.
In 2019 Hunt-Broersma became the first amputee to compete in the TransRockies Mountain Stage Race in Colorado.
In 2020 they became the first amputee to run 100-miles on a treadmill, running it in 23hr 38m. While they originally planned to do it with an in-person race at the Umstead 100, they did so virtually due to the COVID-19 cancellations.
Hunt-Broersma hoped to run one hundred marathons in one hundred days, which would have been the world record for consecutive marathons by a woman, but British runner Kate Jayden completed their 101st marathon during Hunt-Broersma's quest, so Hunt-Broersma increased their goal to one hundred and two consecutive marathons. Hunt-Broersma ended up running 104 marathons in 104 days, finishing this in April 2022. These 104 marathons included the inaugural para athletics division of the 2022 Boston Marathon, which they finished in 5:05:13.
References
Ultramarathon runners
American amputees
1975 births
Living people
South African runners
South African expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Bazemore is a small community located in northern Fayette County, Alabama, United States, near the Marion and Walker County lines, approximately three miles south of I-22. The community is situated at the head of the Sipsey River where New River and Little New River converge. The BNSF rail system runs through the heart of the community.
Prior to desegregation, the community was home to Piney Grove School. Two churches are located in Bazemore; Piney Grove Church of Christ and White's Chapel Church of Christ.
The community has been annexed by the nearby town of Glen Allen and is subject to municipal governance of the town.
References
Geography of Fayette County, Alabama
This is a select bibliography of English language books (including translations) and journal articles about the history of Russia and its empire from 1991 to present. It specifically excludes topics related to the Dissolution of the Soviet Union; see Bibliography of the Post Stalinist Soviet Union for information on this subject. This bibliography is restricted to works about Russian history, and specifically excludes items such modern travel logs and guide books, popular culture, etc.
A brief selection of English translations of primary sources is included. The sections "General Surveys" and "Biographies" contain books; other sections contain both books and journal articles. Book entries have references to journal articles and reviews about them when helpful. Additional bibliographies can be found in many of the book-length works listed below; see Further Reading for several book and chapter-length bibliographies. The External Links section contains entries for publicly available select bibliographies from universities.
Inclusion criteria
Works included are referenced in the notes or bibliographies of scholarly secondary sources or journals. Included works should either be published by an academic or widely distributed publisher, be authored by a notable subject-matter expert as shown by scholarly reviews and have significant scholarly journal reviews about the work. To keep the bibliography length manageable, only items that clearly meet the criteria should be included.
Citation style
This bibliography uses APA style citations. Entries do not use templates. References to reviews and notes for entries do use citation templates. Where books which are only partially related to Russian history are listed, the titles for chapters or sections should be indicated if possible, meaningful, and not excessive.
If a work has been translated into English, the translator should be included and a footnote with appropriate bibliographic information for the original language version should be included.
When listing works with titles or names published with alternative English spellings, the form used in the latest published version should be used and the version and relevant bibliographic information noted if it previously was published or reviewed under a different title.
General works
Topical works
The arts
Democracy and elections
Fish, M. S. (2005). Democracy Derailed in Russia: The Failure of Open Politics. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Economics
Empire
Grigas, A. (2016). Beyond Crimea: The New Russian Empire. New Haven: Yale University Press.
Grinëv, A. V. (2020). Russian Colonization of Alaska: Baranov's Era, 1799–1818 (R. L. Bland, Trans.). Lincoln: University of Nebraska Press.
Miller, C. (2021). We Shall Be Masters: Russian Pivots to East Asia from Peter the Great to Putin. Cambridge: Harvard University Press.
Rigby, T. (1978). The Soviet Regional Leadership: The Brezhnev Generation. Slavic Review, 37(1), pp. 1–24.
Energy
Balmaceda, M. M. (2021). Russian Energy Chains: The Remaking of Technopolitics from Siberia to Ukraine to the European Union (Woodrow Wilson Center Series). New York: Columbia University Press.
Environment
Gustafson, T. (2021). Klimat: Russia in the Age of Climate Change. Cambridge: Harvard University Press.
Foreign relations
Ohanyan, A. (Ed.). (2018). Russia Abroad: Driving Regional Fracture in Post-Communist Eurasia and Beyond. Washington D.C.: Georgetown University Press.
Orenstein, M. A. (2019). The Lands in Between: Russia vs. the West and the New Politics of Hybrid War. Oxford: Oxford University Press.
Zloch-Christy, I. (2010). East-West Financial Relations: Current Problems and Future Prospects (Cambridge Russian, Soviet and Post-Soviet Studies). Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.
Gender and family
Engel, B. A. (2021). Marriage, Household, and Home in Modern Russia from Peter the Great to Vladimir Putin (The Bloomsbury History of Modern Russia Series). London and New York: Bloomsbury Academic.
Friedman, R. (2020). Modernity, Domesticity and Temporality in Russia: Time at Home. London: Bloomsbury.
Silvan, K. (2022). From State to Society: The Komsomol in Yeltsin's Russia. Kritika: Explorations in Russian and Eurasian History, 23(2), 289-314.
LGBTQ
Verpoest, L. (2017). The End of Rhetorics: LGBT policies in Russia and the European Union. Studia Diplomatica''', 68(4), 3–20.
Judicial and legal
Bækken, H. (2019). Law and Power in Russia: Making Sense of Quasi-Legal Practices. New York: Routledge.
Nationalism
Bechev, D., Popescu, N., & Secrieru, S. (eds.). (2021). Russia Rising: Putin's Foreign Policy in the Middle East and North Africa. London: I.B. Tauris.
Confino, M. (1991). Solzhenitsyn, the West, and the New Russian Nationalism. Journal of Contemporary History, 26(3/4), 611–636.
Horvath, R. (2020). Putin's Fascists: Russkii Obraz and the Politics of Managed Nationalism in Russia. New York: Routledge.
Hryb, O. (2020). Understanding Contemporary Ukrainian and Russian Nationalism: The Post-Soviet Cossack Revival and Ukraine's National Security. Stuttgart: ibidem-Verlag.
Laruelle, M. (2008) Russian Eurasianism: An Ideology of Empire. Washington, D.C.: Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press.
Laruelle, M. (2018). Russian Nationalism: Imaginaries, Doctrines, and Political Battlefields. London: Routledge.
Kolstø, P., & Blakkisrud, H. (Eds.). (2016). The New Russian Nationalism: Imperialism, Ethnicity and Authoritarianism 2000–2015. Edinburgh University Press.
Kolstø, P. (2016). Crimea vs. Donbas: How Putin Won Russian Nationalist Support—and Lost it Again. Slavic Review, 75(3), 702–725.
March, L. (2012). Nationalism for Export? The Domestic and Foreign-Policy Implications of the New "Russian Idea". Europe-Asia Studies, 64(3), 401–425.
Petro, N. N. (1990). Russian Nationalism: Toward a New Russian Federation. The Wilson Quarterly, 14(3), 114–122.
Shnirelman, V. A. (1999). Passions about Arkaim: Russian Nationalism, the Aryans, and the Politics of Archaeology. Inner Asia, 1(2), 267–282.
Verkhovsky, A. (2000). "Ultra-nationalists in Russia at the onset of Putin's rule". Nationalities Papers. 28(4): 707–722.
Wegren, S. K. (2022). Putin's Russia (8th ed.). Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield Publishers.
Wegren, S. K. (2018) Putin's Russia: Past Imperfect, Future Uncertain (7th ed.). Lanham: Rowman & Littlefield Publishers.
Religion
Sibgatulina, G. (2020). Languages of Islam and Christianity in Post-Soviet Russia (Studies in Slavic and General Linguistics). Leiden: Brill.
Russo-Ukrainian War
Other
Wegren, S. K. (with A. Nikulin and I. Trotsuk). (2020) Russia's Food Revolution: The Transformation of the Food System (Routledge Contemporary Russia and Eastern Europe Series). New York: Routledge.
Biographies
Under construction
Vladimir Putin
Works below should strictly follow the guidelines for this bibliography. To avoid abuse, works here should have independent English language academic journal reviews, be published by a major independent company or organization, or reviews by major English language publications (e.g. New York Times, The Atlantic). This section is specifically for biographies; for topical studies see the appropriate section.
Under Construction
Works by Vladimir Putin
Under Construction
Boris Yeltsin
Aron, L. (2000). Boris Yeltsin: A Revolutionary Life. New York: Harper Collins.
Colton, T. J. (2011). Yeltsin: A Life. New York: Basic Books.
Ellison, H. J. (2006). Boris Yeltsin and Russia's Democratic Transformation. Seattle: University of Washington Press.
Works by Boris Yeltsin
Yeltsin, B. (1990). Against the Grain: An Autobiography (M. Glenny, Trans.; First Edition). New York: Simon & Schuster.
Yeltsin, B. (1994). The Struggle for Russia. New York: Crown Publishing Group.
Historiography, identity and memory studies
Weiss-Wendt, A., & Adler, N. (eds.). (2021). The Future of Soviet Past: The Politics of History in Putin's Russia. Bloomington: Indiana University Press.
Memory studies
Adler, N. (2005). The Future of the Soviet past Remains Unpredictable: The Resurrection of Stalinist Symbols Amidst the Exhumation of Mass Graves. Europe-Asia Studies, 57(8), 1093–1119.
Hicks, J. (2020). The Victory Banner over the Reichstag: Film, Document, and Ritual in Russia's Contested Memory of World War II (Russian and East European Studies). Pittsburgh: University of Pittsburgh Press.
Smith, T. J. (1998). The Collapse of the Lenin Personality Cult in Soviet Russia, 1985-1995. The Historian, 60''(2), 325–343.
Other studies
Under construction
Primary sources
Under construction
Reference works
Below are reference works related to the history of Russia for background and context.
Academic journals
Below is a list of academic journals dealing with Eastern European and Slavic history referenced in this bibliography.
See also
Bibliography of the history of the Early Slavs and Rus'
Bibliography of Russian history (1223–1613)
Bibliography of Russian history (1613–1917)
Bibliography of the Russo-Japanese War
Bibliography of Russia during World War I
Bibliography of the Russian Revolution and Civil War
Bibliography of Stalinism and the Soviet Union
Bibliography of the Soviet Union during World War II
Bibliography of the Post Stalinist Soviet Union
Bibliography of Ukrainian history
Further reading
Below are book are chapter length bibliographies related to this period.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Bibliography
Bibliography
History (1991-present)
Russia
The 2015 Baku Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. This was the fifth edition of the tournament, and part of the 2015 WTA Tour. It took place in Baku, Azerbaijan between 27 July and 2 August 2015.
Points and prize money
Point distribution
Prize money
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Oleksandra Korashvili
Magda Linette
Zuleykha Šafářová
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Nigina Abduraimova
Olga Ianchuk
Valentyna Ivakhnenko
Olga Savchuk
Patricia Maria Țig
Yang Zhaoxuan
The following player received entry as a lucky loser:
Yuliya Beygelzimer
Withdrawals
Before the tournament
Denisa Allertová → replaced by Kateryna Bondarenko
Klára Koukalová → replaced by Donna Vekić
Andreea Mitu → replaced by Alexandra Panova
Monica Niculescu → replaced by Barbora Krejčíková
Yaroslava Shvedova → replaced by Margarita Gasparyan
Kateřina Siniaková → replaced by Elizaveta Kulichkova
Tereza Smitková → replaced by Çağla Büyükakçay
Lesia Tsurenko (right wrist injury) → replaced by Yuliya Beygelzimer
Roberta Vinci → replaced by Misa Eguchi
Yanina Wickmayer → replaced by Zhu Lin
Retirements
Yuliya Beygelzimer (neck injury)
Kateryna Bondarenko (right lower leg injury)
Danka Kovinić (gastrointestinal illness)
Doubles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of July 20, 2015
Other entrants
The following pair received a wildcard into the doubles main draw:
Amina Dik / Zuleykha Šafářová
Champions
Singles
Margarita Gasparyan def. Patricia Maria Țig, 6–3, 5–7, 6–0
Doubles
Margarita Gasparyan / Alexandra Panova def. Vitalia Diatchenko / Olga Savchuk, 6–3, 7–5
External links
Official website
Baku Cup
Baku Cup
2015 in Azerbaijani sport
Hamilton is an unincorporated community located in the Town of Cedarburg, Ozaukee County, Wisconsin, United States. Much of the community is part of the Hamilton Historic District, a site listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The NRHP-listed Concordia Mill is also located in the community.
History
Hamilton was settled by Irish immigrants in the early 1840s. It was originally named "New Dublin" and was the first white settlement in the Cedarburg area. The first documented resident was Joseph Gardenier, who built a log shanty on Cedar Creek as their headquarters for surveying for the construction of the Green Bay Road. It was renamed in 1847 after William S. Hamilton, a member of the legislature of the Wisconsin Territory and son of Alexander Hamilton, the first U.S. Secretary of Treasury. In 1848, Hamilton became the first stop on the stagecoach route between Milwaukee and Green Bay. The community prospered until the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway was built in nearby Cedarburg in 1870. Cedarburg grew into an incorporated city, overshadowing rural Hamilton.
In 1974, Hamilton was designated a historic site by the Wisconsin State Historical Society, and the Hamilton Historic District was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wisconsin
Geography of Ozaukee County, Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Ozaukee County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Zohan (, also Romanized as Zohān and Zahān) is a village in Barzanun Rural District, Sarvelayat District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 966, in 225 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Upper Pond () is a large artificial pond in northern Kaliningrad, Russia. It was known as the Oberteich while part of Königsberg, Germany, until 1945.
The pond is elevated 22 metres above the Pregel River and encompasses 41.1 hectares. Freshwater life living in the Upper Pond include perch, roach, carp, tench, pike, and eels. Located near the water is the Kaliningrad Amber Museum.
History
The Upper Pond, then known as the Oberteich, was created in 1270 by the Teutonic Knights as a fishing pond north of medieval Königsberg. The levee separating it from the southern Schlossteich or Lower Pond eventually became the street Wrangelstraße. Part of the rural district of Königsberg (Landkreis Königsberg i. Pr.) since 1818, the Oberteich was incorporated into the city limits on 1 April 1882.
Quarters of Königsberg in the vicinity of the pond included Hinterroßgarten to the southeast, Hintertragheim to the southwest, Tragheimsdorf to the west, and Maraunenhof to the north. East of the Oberteich were gardens and the Königsberg horse racing track. Along its shores were public baths (Prussia Badeanstalt, KSC-Badeanstalt, Hansa-Badeanstalt), a military bath, and an angling club.
The pond was transferred from Germany to the Soviet Union following World War II in 1945. The German consulate is located along the northern shore of the modern Upper Pond.
Gallery
Notes
References
1270 establishments in Europe
Kaliningrad
Königsberg
Lakes of Kaliningrad Oblast
Tourist attractions in Kaliningrad Oblast
Robert Alan Flower (5 August 1955 – 2 October 2014) was an Australian rules footballer with Melbourne Football Club. Their first game was against Geelong in 1973 and they captained the team from 1981 until their final game in 1987. They held the record for the number of games for their club, 272, until overtaken by David Neitz in 2006.
Football career
In a radio interview in July 2006 conducted by the Coodabeen Champions, Flower stated that the club secretary Jim Cardwell rang to offer them the number 2 guernsey before their first senior game, an unofficial statement that the club saw great potential in the seventeen-year-old.
Known as "Tulip", they were a wingman for most of their career and was characterised by their ability to create space for themselves and kick and handpass the ball with extraordinary accuracy. They possessed speed, sure-footedness and unrivalled tactical awareness.
In the documentary Red & Blue: The History of the Melbourne Football Club (1939–2005), Ian Ridley said of Flower, "Taking into account poise, ability, skill and marking, kicking, handballing...it doesn't matter what you refer to, but Robert Flower is the greatest footballer that I have seen in my life."
In Ken Piesse's The Complete Guide to Australian Football, Flower's player summary quotes Brent Crosswell: "...beat Flower and you could just about retire from League Football because anything else smacked of anti-climax." Wayne Schimmelbusch in the same publication said: "I paid more attention to Robert Flower than any other opponent."
Jim Main and Russell Holmesby mention Flower's thin physique and low playing weight—68 kilograms. It was assumed early in their career that they could not succeed because of their "wiry" frame. They sustained injuries that kept them from appearing in another 52 games, but they still played 272 out of a possible 324 games, and they were never omitted from the senior side when available.
Final season
Towards the end of the 1986 season, as Flower completed their 14th season without playing in a final, the Melbourne Football Club placed newspaper advertisements requesting donations from the public to enable the club to recruit a high-profile player under the headline "Please give Robbie one last chance to play in a final". Despite raising less money than expected, Melbourne did reach the 1987 finals after a dramatic final round.
Their final three games were the only time Flower played in the finals. Their last game was against Hawthorn in the preliminary final. Although Melbourne had led for the entire match, a free kick and a 15-metre penalty infamously awarded after the final siren—via a Jim Stynes infraction—saw Hawthorn's Gary Buckenara kick the winning goal. Flower recalls in their autobiography Robbie that they started to run from the ground and paused to see the ball go through the goal and then went to the dressing rooms where they threw a can of drink against the wall in anger. Flower was injured in the game, and their ability to play in the Grand Final, had Melbourne won, was not certain.
Playing statistics
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1973
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 13 || 4 || 7 || 181 || 43 || 224 || 63 || || 0.3 || 0.5 || 13.9 || 3.3 || 17.2 || 4.8 ||
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1974
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 18 || 22 || 14 || 196 || 68 || 264 || 67 || || 1.2 || 0.8 || 10.9 || 3.8 || 14.7 || 3.7 ||
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1975
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 20 || 14 || 14 || 277 || 58 || 335 || 77 || || 0.7 || 0.8 || 14.6 || 3.1 || 17.6 || 4.1 ||
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1976
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 19 || 17 || 19 || 248 || 123 || 371 || 103 || || 0.9 || 1.0 || 13.1 || 6.5 || 19.5 || 5.4 ||
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1977
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 20 || 23 || 11 || 254 || 141 || 395 || 98 || || 1.2 || 0.6 || 12.7 || 7.1 || 19.8 || 4.9 ||
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1978
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 22 || 18 || 21 || 304 || 113 || 417 || 114 || || 0.8 || 1.0 || 13.8 || 5.1 || 19.0 || 5.2 ||
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1979
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 21 || 33 || 29 || 285 || 196 || 481 || 103 || || 1.6 || 1.4 || 13.6 || 9.3 || 22.9 || 4.9 ||
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1980
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 22 || 21 || 26 || 275 || 217 || 492 || 127 || || 1.0 || 1.2 || 12.5 || 9.9 || 22.4 || 5.8 ||
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1981
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 16 || 5 || 3 || 182 || 124 || 306 || 68 || || 0.3 || 0.2 || 11.4 || 7.8 || 19.1 || 4.3 ||
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1982
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 21 || 25 || 26 || 264 || 188 || 452 || 117 || || 1.2 || 1.2 || 12.6 || 9.0 || 21.5 || 5.6 ||
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1983
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 20 || 40 || 24 || 267 || 147 || 414 || 116 || || 2.0 || 1.2 || 13.4 || 7.4 || 20.7 || 5.8 ||
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1984
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 21 || 28 || 18 || 229 || 162 || 391 || 102 || || 1.3 || 0.9 || 10.9 || 7.7 || 18.6 || 4.9 ||
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1985
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 3 || 3 || 2 || 30 || 17 || 47 || 11 || || 1.0 || 0.7 || 10.0 || 5.7 || 15.7 || 3.7 ||
|-
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1986
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 16 || 15 || 11 || 152 || 78 || 230 || 64 || || 0.9 || 0.7 || 9.5 || 4.9 || 14.4 || 4.0 ||
|- style="background:#eaeaea;"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 1987
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 2 || 20 || 47 || 31 || 215 || 60 || 275 || 91 || 25 || 2.4 || 1.6 || 10.8 || 3.0 || 13.8 || 4.6 || 1.3
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 272
! 315
! 256
! 3359
! 1735
! 5094
! 1321
! 25
! 1.2
! 1.0
! 12.4
! 6.4
! 18.8
! 4.9
! 1.3
|}
Post-football career
After retiring as a player, Flower was inducted in the Australian Football Hall of Fame in 1996 and was named on the wing in Melbourne's Team of the Century. They later served on the Melbourne board until they resigned after being diagnosed with cardiomyopathy in 2004. They had subsequently been diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2001.
Personal life
Their younger brother Tom Flower played 26 games for Melbourne over three seasons in the late 1970s. Robert's son, Brad, was considered a possible father–son selection in 2003 after playing for Sandringham Football Club, but they were overlooked and was never recruited to an AFL team.
Flower died on 2 October 2014 after a brief illness.
Books
Robbie by Robert Flower with Ron Reed (1987). Caribou Publications.
Ken Piesse The Complete Guide to Australian Football Pan Macmillan Australia (1995) .
Main, J. & Holmesby, R. Encyclopedia of AFL Football Players AFL Publishing (2005) .
References
External links
DemonWiki profile
Robbie Flower at the Western Oval
1955 births
2014 deaths
Melbourne Football Club players
Australian Football Hall of Fame inductees
Victorian State of Origin players
All-Australians (1953–1988)
Melbourne Football Club captains
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
Australia international rules football team players
Exercise Paid Redoubt 80 was a United States Air Force Reserve exercise that occurred in 1980. It was designed to be a continuation of Operation Redoubt, a series of exercises that tested the mobilization capabilities of the Air Force Reserve.
References
United States Air Force exercises
Deadly Harvest is a 1977 Canadian science-fiction "eco-thriller" film directed by Timothy Bond, about a farmer (Clint Walker) who struggles to keep food on the table and regain their son from a gang of marauding city-folk during a terrible worldwide famine, brought on by global cooling due to, among other named causes in a voice-over, overpopulation, urban sprawl, the energy crisis, pollution, and the high cost of transporting grain. The film was produced by Anthony Kramreither and Len Herberman, with a screenplay by Martin Lager, and features an unreleased score by John Mills-Cockell. The film is notable as Timothy Bond's first film, and as an early example of survivalism in film, having been compared to No Blade of Grass.
Plot
In an over-industrialized near future, climate change in the form of global cooling has shrunk available farmland and a worldwide famine has ensued. Government neither informs its citizens nor does anything to avert or even ameliorate the looming catastrophe.
In the countryside, cattle-thieving black marketeer Mort Logan (Nehemiah Persoff) raids at will, slaughtering scarce livestock. In response, some of the country folk act to protect their diminishing resources by forming a militia. Hydroponic farmer Grant Franklin (Clint Walker) and their family are among the few people with any food to spare, but the stoic farmer refuses to fight, avoiding trouble as they see it. When their eldest daughter Susan (Kim Cattrall) loses their only cow to marauders from the city, they take this, too, in their stride, though it would have fed the family for a long time. Michael, Grant's impetuous son (Geraint Wyn Davies), eager for action, joins the local militia.
Tensions rise in Toronto: there are food riots. Computer consultant Charles Ennis (David Brown) and their frail father (Tim Whelan) drive out from the city, begging for produce for their sickly sister (Nuala Fitzgerald): the shops in the city are empty. Suspicious at first, Grant yields after their daughter makes pleas on their behalf. The Franklins assemble a produce basket for the starving pair, off-handedly mentioning the wedding spread they are preparing for Susan the following day.
Ennis and their father are waylaid by militia men who accuse them of stealing the food, confiscating it. The elder Ennis, badly frightened, dies of a heart attack. Their angry son goes back to Toronto and seeks out Logan, offering them a map to the Franklin wedding in exchange for a very small supply of food. Logan and their crew go to the wedding, unexpectedly exchanging gunfire with the militia. Grant's wife (Dawn Greenhalgh) and Susan's groom are both killed, galvanizing Grant. Michael fights off Logan, killing one of their thugs. Finding an address on the back of the discarded map, Franklin drives to Toronto seeking revenge on Ennis.
Logan delivers to Ennis a bag of food stolen from the wedding and vows to raid all of the surrounding farms before leaving. Franklin finds and begins to assault Ennis in their office until Ennis reveals that their father Tim was killed when Franklin's son Michael stole back the food Franklin had given them. Ennis shows Franklin data on their computer indicating that there are only 27 days of food reserves remaining for urban life support in North America.
Franklin races home; meanwhile, Logan and their crew return to the Franklin farm and a gun battle ensues.
It seems likely that this is not the end of the family's troubles - nor of the world's.
Cast
In addition, the cast includes Rebecca Lager, Hoah Cowan, Brad Spurgeon, Stan Lesk, Richard Ayres, John-Peter Linton, Marcel Bérubé, and Terry Martin.
Notes
Deadly Harvest was Clint Walker's final lead role; after its theatrical release they went into semi-retirement, accepting only occasional acting roles. The feature also marked the film debut of Geraint Wyn Davies and of Dwayne McLean.
Genres, themes, and analysis
Kim Newman places Deadly Harvest alongside other 1970s end of the world films frequently drawn from 1950s or 1960s science fiction novels, typically pitting ecology-conscious characters ("hippie communes") against "contaminated violence freaks". An organizer of the Stiff Legged Film Festival suggests that these kinds of films, concerned with environmental disaster, have this in common: "Whether we're already stuck in this future, as in No Blade of Grass, we time-travel to it, like Idaho Transfer, or we see it unfold in real-time, like Deadly Harvest, these films show that all hope is both lost and not lost, that the impulse to survive ... is always built into the human condition."
Andrew Burke calls Deadly Harvest a "key Canadian contribution to this genre". The film is an example of a contemporaneous "Canuxsploitation" trend, or "Canadian Tax Shelter exploitation movie". In an interview with Natalie Edwards shortly after principal photography was complete, producer Tony Kramreither played down the catastrophic aspect of Deadly Harvest, insisting the story was kept on "a human scale; little people, a small community".
Ezekiel Crago remarks how Deadly Harvest is a rare example in film of urban class struggle transposed to a rural setting, in which the alienated farmers live in the rural space "even though they can no longer grow anything as they attempt to hold onto what food they have", struggling against "agents of organized crime from the city who operate a black market (a threat from the urban upper-class coded as parasites on society), ultimately using their massive farm machinery itself to defeat their foes; in this rather populist film, the silent majority wins over the urban elite."
Production
Background and financing
Tim Bond had previously only directed stage plays, while scriptwriter Martin Lager was similarly first a playwright when they took on Deadly Harvest, titled Doomsday prior to the beginning of production. Scientific consultation was provided by City Green Hydroponics.
Described by Kramreither as having a "big budget" (one source says US$250,000), investors included Ambassador, Famous Players and "private sources".
Filming
Principal photography took place at locations in Toronto and Pickering, Ontario over four weeks beginning in November 1976 and ending in early December, adapting the day for night technique to a "December-for-August approach" for the purposes of depicting a world having undergone global cooling.
Music
John Mills-Cockell's score consists of "largely synthesized drones", which Andrew Burke compares to the "electronic pulses and bleeps" of Michael Snow's La Région Centrale.
Release
The film had its premiere at the first Montreal World Film Festival, on 21 August 1977.
Distribution
Kramreither, who emphasized "financing and sales, promotion and distribution" were the keys to Canadian success in the film industry, said the film would have good distribution, Ambassador itself. In a letter to the editor in response to this interview, Allan Eastman refers to a lawsuit over Deadly Harvest but reveals no details as to who sued whom nor over what aspect of the film.
Deadly Harvest was broadcast on CBC television on 14 June 1980.
Home media
Deadly Harvest was released on VHS in March 1986 (New World Video) and on 7 October 1991 (Anchor Bay).
The film was released on DVD on 1 June 2003 (Osiris Entertainment), and on 18 February 2012 (Desert Island Films). A digitally remastered edition was released on 14 April 2015 (Filmrise), available through Turner Classic Movies. On 30 July 2019, it was released as a bonus feature on a Deadtime Stories DVD by Frolic Pictures.
Reception
Commercial performance
The film, like most of the B series Kramreither produced between 1974 and 1979, was a financial success.
Critical response
Contemporary
Writing for Maclean's after the premiere, Joan Fox summarily dismissed Deadly Harvest as a "bad" film:Canadians are starving. The actors must have been starving too as they constantly fell to their knees, smote their breasts and rolled their eyes to heaven imploring one another for aid. Lillian Gish is still alive and well in Canada.
Retrospective
In a 2007 review, Dave Sindelar concedes that there are "plenty of flaws" (variable acting, an uneven score, and "on the obvious side") but its "premise is interesting" and the story "sturdy enough".
In a 2017 review, Erwann Perchoc calls Deadly Harvest an interesting B movie, though it is a bit of a pastiche of its American B movie precursors, and yet the presentation is distinct from them by substitutions for the usual Hollywood staples: chases take place in fields and the final demolition derby is a match between tractors. The script holds up well, with a particularly successful melancholy atmosphere created by the dull yellow and orange colours - almost sepia tone - and by the somewhat dated score, full of "half-detuned" synthesizers, comparing the film's pessimistic outlook to Philip Wylie's The End of the Dream: the film depicts the disintegration of social bonds, increasing levels of violence in human relations, and attempts at mutual aid as all doomed to bitter failure.
Peter Kenter calls the film's approach to the famine "almost quaintly Canadian"; a food riot consists of about "two dozen disappointed citizens scuffl[ing] weakly with each other in front of the local government food distribution centre," followed by "driving action--long, drawn-out travel sequences as characters ply the roads ... in monster Cadillacs and big ass pick-ups, despite repeated references to a critical fuel shortage," which Kenter attributes to Bond's and Lager's backgrounds in the theatre, "treating long commutes like scene changes on stage." As for the soundtrack, it "is downright creepy, switching between eerie synth, lumbering keyboards and maudlin piano themes with alarming impropriety."
While conceding that Deadly Harvest is "not a great film", being "poorly acted, clunkily directed, clumsily shot, and unimaginatively scripted", nevertheless Andrew Burke finds the film "completely fascinating" espescially for its use of the Canadian winter landscape to evoke "ecological destruction and desperation." They agree with Kenter that the artificial sound of the synthesizer is perceived as "unnatural" by some, and appreciates its use in the film "to give tonal form to the catastrophic consequences of humanity's alienation from the natural environment."
Influence
A number of outlets, including music magazine The Quietus reported about or engaged in speculation by fans or music scholars interested in Scottish electronic music duo Boards of Canada that the title and sound of their fourth studio album, Tomorrow's Harvest (2013), was inspired by Deadly Harvest, noting that "this idea seems to be reflected by the song titles", in particular "Cold Earth", "Sick Times" and "New Seeds", and that "the album sleeve and the overall mood of the record" were thematically similar.The album's dominant themes, environmental collapse and the degradation and decay of the landscape, fit closely with a strain of genre cinema from the 1970s and 1980s. Most significant perhaps ... Deadly Harvest released on VHS, an eco-thriller about dwindling resources that features an eerie synth score by John Mills-Cockell.Erwann Perchoc suggests Mills-Cockell's score anticipates both the sound of the duo and common themes such as agricultural revolt and the end of the world. Boards of Canada have denied that Tomorrow's Harvest deals with post-apocalyptic themes, stating "it is about an inevitable stage that lies in front of us."
See also
No Blade of Grass (film)
References
External links
Deadly Harvest on IMDb
1977 films
1970s thriller drama films
Canadian thriller drama films
Canadian post-apocalyptic films
English-language Canadian films
Environmental films
Films about famine
Films scored by John Mills-Cockell
Films set in Toronto
Films directed by Timothy Bond
1970s English-language films
1970s Canadian films
The Aeromarine Plane and Motor Company was an early American aircraft manufacturer founded by Inglis M. Upperçu which operated from 1914 to 1930. From 1928 to 1930 it was known as the Aeromarine-Klemm Corporation.
History
The beginnings of the company dated to 1908, when Uppercu began to finance aeronautical experiments by the Boland brothers at Keyport, New Jersey. In 1914, Aeromarine itself was founded at Keyport with Uppercu as president. Aeromarine built mostly military seaplanes and flying boats, the most significant of which were the models 39 and 40. The company broke new ground in aviation by offering some of the first regularly scheduled flights. Aviation promoter Harry Bruno worked with Aeromarine to commercialize the transportation potential of airflight.
In 1928, the firm renamed itself Aeromarine-Klemm Corporation and began producing mostly Klemm aircraft designs, until the Great Depression forced its closure in 1930.
The firm also built aero engines. After Aeromarine itself went out of business, the production of Aeromarine engines was continued by the Uppercu-Burnelli Corporation.
A subsidiary "Aeromarine Sightseeing and Navigation Company" merged with Florida West Indies Airways, Inc to form the Aeromarine West Indies Airways, later renamed to "Aeromarine Airways". it operated the Aeromarine 75 and Aeromarine 85 aircraft.
Products
Aircraft
Engines
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
The Aeromarine Website
Companies based in Monmouth County, New Jersey
Defunct companies based in New Jersey
Defunct aircraft engine manufacturers of the United States
Defunct aircraft manufacturers of the United States
Keyport, New Jersey
William Timothy O'Brien (born October 1, 1946) is an American novelist.  They are best known for their book The Things They Carried (1990), a collection of linked semi-autobiographical stories inspired by O'Brien's experiences in the Vietnam War. In 2010, The New York Times described O'Brien's book as a Vietnam classic. In addition, they are known for their war novel, Going After Cacciato (1978), also about wartime Vietnam, and later novels about postwar lives of veterans.
O'Brien held the endowed chair at the MFA program of Texas State University–San Marcos every other academic year from 2003–2004 to 2011-2012 (2003–2004, 2005–2006, 2007–2008, 2009–2010, and 2011–2012).
Life and career
Tim O'Brien was born in Austin, Minnesota. When they were ten, their family, including a younger sister and brother, moved to Worthington, Minnesota. Worthington had a large influence on O'Brien's imagination and their early development as an author. The town is on Lake Okabena in the southwestern part of the state and serves as the setting for some of their stories, especially those in The Things They Carried.
O'Brien earned their BA in 1968 in political science from Macalester College, where they were student body president. That same year they were drafted into the United States Army and was sent to Vietnam, where they served from 1969 to 1970 in 3rd Platoon, Company A, 5th Battalion, 46th Infantry Regiment, part of the 23rd Infantry Division (the Americal Division) that contained the unit that perpetrated the My Lai Massacre the year before their arrival. O'Brien has said that when their unit got to the area around My Lai (referred to as "Pinkville" by the U.S. forces), "we all wondered why the place was so hostile. We did not know there had been a massacre there a year earlier. The news about that only came out later, while we were there, and then we knew."
Upon completing their tour of duty, O'Brien went to graduate school at Harvard University. Afterward they received an internship at the Washington Post. In 1973 they published their first book, a memoir, If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home, about their war experiences. In this memoir, O'Brien writes: "Can the foot soldier teach anything important about war, merely for having been there? I think not. They can tell war stories."
While O'Brien does not consider themselves a spokesperson about the war, they have occasionally commented on it. Speaking years later about their upbringing and the war, O'Brien described their hometown as "a town that congratulates itself, day after day, on its own ignorance of the world: a town that got us into Vietnam. Uh, the people in that town sent me to that war, you know, couldn't spell the word 'Hanoi' if you spotted them three vowels."
Contrasting the continuing American search for U.S. MIA/POWs in Vietnam with the reality of the high number of Vietnamese war dead, they describe the American perspective as
A perverse and outrageous double standard. What if things were reversed? What if the Vietnamese were to ask us, or to require us, to locate and identify each of their own MIAs? Numbers alone make it impossible: 100,000 is a conservative estimate. Maybe double that. Maybe triple. From my own sliver of experience—one year at war, one set of eyes—I can testify to the lasting anonymity of a great many Vietnamese dead.
One attribute of O'Brien's work is the blur between fiction and reality; labeled "verisimilitude", their work contains details of the events they encountered. Their conscious, explicit, and metafictional approach to blurring the distinction between fact and fiction is a unique aspect of their style. In the story "Good Form" in The Things They Carried, O'Brien discusses the distinction between "story-truth" (the truth of fiction) and "happening-truth" (the truth of fact or occurrence), writing that "story-truth is sometimes truer than happening-truth." They suggest that story truth is emotional truth; thus the feeling created by a fictional story is sometimes truer than what results from reading the facts. Certain sets of stories in The Things They Carried seem to contradict each other, and certain stories are designed to "undo" the suspension of disbelief created in previous stories. For example, "Speaking of Courage" is followed by "Notes", which explains in what ways "Speaking of Courage" is fictional.
O'Brien's papers are housed at the Harry Ransom Center at the University of Texas at Austin.
O'Brien writes and lives in central Texas.  They are raising a family and teaches full-time every other year at Texas State University–San Marcos. In alternate years, they teach several workshops to MFA students in the creative writing program.
O'Brien was interviewed for Vietnam: The Ten A Thousand Day War as well as Ken Burns's 2017 documentary series The Vietnam War.
Awards and honors
If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home was named Outstanding Book of 1973 by the New York Times.
O'Brien won the 1979 National Book Award for their novel Going After Cacciato.
O'Brien received the Vietnam Veterans of America Excellence in the Arts Award in 1987
Their novel In the Lake of the Woods won the James Fenimore Cooper Prize for Best Historical Fiction in 1995.
In August 2012, O'Brien received the Dayton Literary Peace Prize Foundation's Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award. In June 2013, O'Brien was awarded the $100,000 Pritzker Military Library Literature Award.
In 2010, O'Brien received the honorary Doctor of Humane Letters (L.H.D.) from Whittier College.
Works
If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home (1973)
Northern Lights (1975)
"Where Have You Gone, Charming Billy?" (1975)
Going After Cacciato (1978)
The Nuclear Age (1985)
The Things They Carried (1990)
In the Lake of the Woods (1994)
Tomcat in Love (1998)
July, July (2002)
Dad's Maybe Book (2019)
References
External links
A Crisis 'In Country': An Ecocritical Approach to Tim O'Brien's Fiction, Rosalind Poppleton, University of Hertfordshire, British Library (2000)
Website Dedicated to O'Brien's work
"Tim O'Brien video interview" (2010), on Big Think
Online discussion of The Things They Carried, Book Talk
Tim O'Brien Papers at the Harry Ransom Center, University of Texas at Austin
Tim O'Brien, at Writers Reflect, Ransom Center
Participation in Pritzker Military Museum & Library's Military History Symposium
Tim O'Brien at Library of Congress Authorities — with 19 catalog records
"How To Tell a True War Story" BBC TV Documentary, 1992
1946 births
Living people
20th-century American novelists
21st-century American novelists
American male novelists
American memoirists
United States Army personnel of the Vietnam War
Harvard University alumni
James Fenimore Cooper Prize winners
Macalester College alumni
National Book Award winners
People from Austin, Minnesota
People from Worthington, Minnesota
Postmodern writers
Texas State University faculty
United States Army soldiers
Novelists from Minnesota
Novelists from Texas
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American male non-fiction writers
20th-century American male writers
21st-century American male writers
Moskabad (, also Romanized as Moskābād and Meskābād; also known as Moshkābād) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 178, in 38 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The very large moth family Geometridae contains genera beginning with A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I, J, K, L, M, N, O, P, Q, R, S, T, U, V, W, X, Y and Z.
Those beginning with S include:
References
S
Geometrid
The 1968 Havering Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Havering London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council.
Election result
Ward results
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
Xinpu District () is a former district of Lianyungang, Jiangsu province, China. It has been merged with Haizhou District.
The population as of (2004) was 322 000.
References
External links
County-level divisions of Jiangsu
Lianyungang
Hemispheres is the first solo album by American hip hop artist Doseone, released in 1998.
Track listing
References
External links
1998 debut albums
Doseone albums
Albums produced by J. Rawls
Albums produced by Jel
Dorukhan Toköz (born 21 May 1996) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder and defender for Trabzonspor.
Professional career
Dorukhan made their professional debut for Eskişehirspor in a 2-1 Süper Lig loss to İstanbul Başakşehir F.K. on 20 December 2015.
International career
Dorukhan was a youth international player for the Turkey U21s.
They made their debut for the Turkey national football team on 22 March 2019 in a Euro 2020 qualifier against Albania, as a 65th-minute substitute for Emre Belözoğlu.
International goals
Scores and results list. Turkey's goal tally first.
Honours
Club
Beşiktaş J.K.
Süper Lig: 2020–21
Türkiye Kupası: 2020–21
Trabzonspor
Süper Lig: 2021–22
Turkish Super Cup: 2022
References
External links
1996 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Eskişehir
Turkish footballers
Turkey under-21 international footballers
Turkey international footballers
Eskişehirspor footballers
Beşiktaş J.K. footballers
Trabzonspor footballers
Süper Lig players
TFF First League players
Association football midfielders
UEFA Euro 2020 players
Papyrus 36 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by siglum 𝔓36, is a copy of the New Testament in Greek. It is a papyrus manuscript of the Gospel of John, it contains only John 3:14-18.31-32.34-35. The manuscript palaeographically has been assigned to the 6th century.
The Greek text of this codex is an eclectic. Aland placed it in Category III.
The manuscript was examined by Pistelli, Carlini, and Horseley.
It is currently housed at the Laurentian Library (PSI 3) in Florence.
See also
List of New Testament papyri
Papyrus 35
References
Further reading
E. Pistelli, Papiri greci e latini della Società Italiana I (Florence 1912), pp. 5–6.
A. Carlini, Riesame di due frammenti fiorentini del vangelo di Giovanni, AP 22/23 (1974), pp. 219–222.
A. Carlini, Papiri litterari greci 28 (Pisa, 1978), pp. 193–199.
G. H. R. Horsley, Scribal Carelessness in P36?, in: New Documents Illustrating Early Christianity, 3 (Macquarie University, 1983), pp. 100–101.
New Testament papyri
6th-century biblical manuscripts
Gospel of John papyri
is a railway station located in Bifuka, Nakagawa District, Kamikawa Subprefecture, Hokkaidō, Japan. It is operated by the Hokkaidō Railway Company.
Lines served
JR Hokkaidō
Sōya Main Line
Adjacent stations
External links
Railway stations in Hokkaido Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1911
Winter Night in the Mountains (), also known as Winter Night in Rondane (), is the name of several versions of a composition created in several techniques by the Norwegian artist Harald Sohlberg (1869–1935). The most famous version is an oil painting completed in 1914 and held by the National Gallery in Oslo since 1918.
Sohlberg began to work on the subject in early 1900, after seeing the mountains of Rondane in bluish moonlight while skiing nearby on Easter 1899 or 1900. They moved in 1900 to a house on the Nesset at Atna in the Østerdalen valley in Eastern Norway. They were joined in 1901 by their wife Lilli Rachel Hennum; they remained at Atna until 1902, when they moved further north to Røros.
They made several studies in the period 1900–1902 in a variety of media, including charcoal, crayon, oil and watercolor. One study is held by the Nationalmuseum in Stockholm. They began work on the oil painting held by the National Gallery in 1911, and completed the work in the winter of 1913–1914. It measures . Sohlberg later continued to use the image in other media, such as colour lithography.
The work depicts mountains covered by snow, under a deep blue-black cloudless evening sky. The foreground is framed by the silhouetted limbs of bare weathered trees, but the work is devoid of any sign of humans or animals. At the centre of the symmetrically balanced painting is a single bright star visible in a gap between two mountains. A cross is visible on the snow of a mountain peak to the right.
The painting was completed for the 1914 Jubilee Exhibition at Frogner Manor, where it was a critical and public success. It was acquired by shipowner and art collector , who donated to the National Gallery in Oslo in 1918. It underwent major conservation work for its centenary in 2014, which revealed the artist's signature in the bottom right corner.
In 1995, it won a public vote organised by the Norwegian national broadcasting service, NRK, to select Norway's national painting, ahead of the beloved Bridal Procession on the Hardangerfjord by Adolph Tidemand and Hans Gude.
References
Vinternatt i Rondane (1914), digitaltmuseum.no, Winter night in Rondane
Norsk kunstnerleksikon: Harald Sohlberg, Norwegian biographical encyclopedia (Norwegian)
Nasjonalmuseet for kunst, print 1917
Nasjonalmuseet for kunst, oil 1914
Vinternatt i Rondane, Nasjonalmuseet, Oslo (Norwegian)
Winter Night in the Mountains, Nasjonalmuseet, Oslo (English)
Vinternatt i Rondane, Vinternatt. Fra østsiden av Rondane (1915-17, printed 1917), Nasjonalmuseet, Oslo (Norwegian)
Winter Night in the Mountains. Study, Nationalmuseum, Stockholm
1914 paintings
Norwegian paintings
Paintings in the collection of the National Gallery (Norway)
Andrea Lindholz (born 25 September 1970) is a German lawyer and politician of the Christian Social Union (CSU) who has been serving as a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria since 2013. They represent the Aschaffenburg constituency.
Early career
Born in Bonn, North Rhine-Westphalia, Lindholz studied law at the Goethe University Frankfurt and the University of Würzburg. Since 2000, they have been practicing as a lawyer specialized on family law in Aschaffenburg.
Political career
Lindholz first became a member of the Bundestag in the 2013 German federal election.  They are a member of the Committee for Home Affairs. Since 2018, they have also been a member of the Committee for the Scrutiny of Acoustic Surveillance of the Private Home and the Parliamentary Oversight Panel (PKGr), which provides parliamentary oversight of Germany's intelligence services BND, BfV and MAD.
In the negotiations to form a fourth coalition government under the leadership of Chancellor Angela Merkel following the 2017 federal elections, Lindholz was part of the working group on internal and legal affairs, led by Thomas de Maizière, Stephan Mayer and Heiko Maas.
Since 2021, Lindholz has been serving as one their parliamentary group's deputy chairs, under the leadership of chair Ralph Brinkhaus. In this capacity, they oversee the group's legislative activities on internal and legal affairs.
Other activities
Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe Foundation, Member of the Board of Trustees
Technisches Hilfswerk (Federal Agency for Technical Relief), Vice President of the Federal Association
Foundation "Remembrance, Responsibility and Future“ (EVZ), Deputy Member of the Board of Trustees
Federal Foundation for the Reappraisal of the SED Dictatorship, Deputy Member of the Board of Trustees
Political positions
In June 2017, Lindholz voted against Germany's introduction of same-sex marriage.
References
External links
Bundestag biography
1970 births
Living people
Members of the Bundestag for Bavaria
Female members of the Bundestag
21st-century German women politicians
Members of the Bundestag 2021–2025
Members of the Bundestag 2017–2021
Members of the Bundestag 2013–2017
Politicians from Bonn
Members of the Bundestag for the Christian Social Union in Bavaria
Jennifer Jean Johnson (born August 2, 1991) is an American professional golfer.
Johnson was born in San Diego, California. They played one year of college golf at Arizona State University. They were an All-American as a first-year student, then turned professional. They played on several winning U.S. amateur teams: Junior Ryder Cup in 2008, Junior Solheim Cup in 2009, and Curtis Cup in 2010. They lost to Jennifer Song in the 2009 U.S. Women's Amateur final.
Johnson turned professional in 2010. They won their first professional tournament at the 2013 Mobile Bay LPGA Classic.
In 2017, they became an assistant coach of the Cal State San Marcos men's golf team.
Amateur wins
2008 California Women's Amateur, Rolex Tournament of Champions
Professional wins
LPGA Tour wins
Team appearances
Amateur
Junior Ryder Cup: 2008 (winners)
Junior Solheim Cup: 2009 (winners)
Curtis Cup: 2010 (winners)
References
External links
American female golfers
Arizona State Sun Devils women's golfers
LPGA Tour golfers
Golfers from San Diego
1991 births
Living people
The Hispanic March or Spanish March (, , Aragonese and , , ), also known as the March of Barcelona, was a military buffer zone beyond the former province of Septimania, established by Charlemagne in 795 as a defensive barrier between the Umayyad Moors of Al-Andalus and the Frankish Carolingian Empire (Duchy of Gascony, the Duchy of Aquitaine and Carolingian Septimania).
In its broader meaning, Hispanic March sometimes refers to a group of early Iberian and trans-Pyrenean lordships or counts coming under Frankish rule. As time passed, these lordships merged or gained independence from Frankish imperial rule.
Geographical context
The area broadly corresponds to the eastern regions between the Pyrenees and the Ebro River. The local population of the March was diverse. It included Basques in its north-western valleys, Jews, and a large Occitano-Romance-speaking Hispano-Roman population (Occitans and Catalans) governed by the Visigothic Code, all of them under the influence of Al-Andalus culture, since their lords had vowed allegiance to Cordoban rulers until Pepin's conquest of Andalusian Septimania (759). The Pyrenean valleys started to switch loyalties after 785 (Girona, Ribagorza, etc.) with the construction and garrisoning by counts loyal to the Carolingians of new outposts and fortresses on bordering areas.
The territory changed with the fortunes of the Empires and the feudal ambitions of those, whether counts or walis, appointed to administer the counties. Eventually, the rulers and people of the March became autonomous and claimed independence. Out of the welter of counties in the region emerged the Principality of Catalonia composed by a myriad of counties with the County of Barcelona as their main power centre.
Counties that at various times formed part of the March included: Ribagorza (initially including Pallars), Urgell, Cerdanya, Perelada, Empúries, Besalú, Ausona (Osona), Barcelona, Girona (March of Hispania) and, Conflent, Roussillon, Vallespir and Fenollet (March of Gothia). The nominal boundaries of Gothia and the Hispanic March vary in time, not without confusion. While Navarre and Aragon have sometimes been depicted within the Hispanic March, they were not part of it, but they came under the Carolingian area of influence between 794 and 806 within the Basque (also rendered as "Gascon") marches, or Duchy of Vasconia.
Origins
The Hispanic March resulted from the expansion south of the Frankish realm from their heartland in Neustria and Austrasia starting with Charles Martel in 732 and after various decades fighting between the Franks and Umayyads (Saraceni) in the Iberian Peninsula.
The Muslim invasion reached the Pyrenees in the Iberian Peninsula. In 719 the forces of Al-Samh ibn Malik surged up the east coast, overwhelming the remaining Visigoth province of Septimania and establishing a fortified base at Narbonne. Control was secured by offering the local population generous terms, inter-marriage between ruling families or treaties. Further Umayyad expansion was halted on Al-Samh ibn Malik al-Khawlanis defeat at the Battle of Toulouse. Wālis were installed in Girona and Barcelona.
The Muslim forces however continued to raid their Gallic neighbours to the north, reaching as far as Autun. Peace was signed in 730 between the victor at Toulouse, the Duke of Aquitaine, and 'Uthman ibn Naissa (Munuza), a Berber rebel lord stationed in Cerdanya (maybe current-day Catalonia), a region that could act as a buffer state against Umayyad expansionism. The peace treaty was sealed with the marriage of the Duke's daughter to Munuza. However, Munuza was defeated by a Umayyad military expedition (731) and another period of Muslim expansion commenced.
Aquitaine (including the Duchy of Vasconia) pledged formal allegiance to the Frankish leaders several times (Odo in 732, Hunald in 736 after being defeated), but remained actually independent. In 737 Charles led an expedition to the Lower Rhone and Septimania, possibly seeing that the Umayyad thrust was threatening their grip on Burgundy (subdued in 736), but did not manage to subjugate and keep the region.
Both Aquitaine and Septimania were still out of central Frankish control after Charles's death, but Pepin the Short was determined to subdue southern Gaul. In 759, after conquering Septimania from the Umayyad, the Carolingian king focused all their might in crushing Aquitanian resistance to central Frankish power. After a ruthless war of 8 years, Aquitainian independence came to an end. Toulouse was now under the grip of the new Carolingian king Charlemagne and access to Andalusian Hispania was open for him, despite sporadic rebellions in Vasconia during the next two decades (Basques subdued in 790 by Charlemagne's new loyal strongman in Toulouse William of Gellone).
Pepin's son, Charlemagne, fulfilled the Carolingian goal of extending the defensive boundaries of the empire beyond Septimania, creating a strong barrier state between the Umayyad Emirate/Caliphate of Iberia and the Frankish Empire, besides tightening control over the Duchy of Vasconia by establishing the Kingdom of Aquitaine ruled by their son Louis the Pious in 781.
Creation
The Franks created the Hispanic March by conquering former north-eastern territory of the Visigothic kingdom of Hispania, which had been conquered by the Muslims.
The first county to be conquered was Roussillon (with Vallespir) in around 760. In 785 the county of Girona (with Besalú) to the south of the Pyrenees was taken. Ribagorza and Pallars were linked to Toulouse and were added to this county around 790. Urgell and Cerdanya were added in 798. The first records of the county of Empúries (with Perelada) are from 812 but the county was probably under Frankish control before 800.
After a series of struggles the County of Barcelona (with Ausona) was taken by Frankish forces in 801. A number of castles were established in Aragon between 798 and 802 (appointment of Count Aureolus). After subduing the Basques to the north of the Pyrenees (790), Frankish overlordship expanded to the upper Ebro (794) and Pamplona (798), when Alfonso II of Asturias also came under Charlemagne's influence. Sobrarbe was not incorporated into the March, as it appears later in history and was probably within the area of influence of the County of Aragon.
The death of Charlemagne (814) was followed by a scene of open revolt and Carolingian setbacks around the Pyrenees. After being defeated by the Moors in the 816 Battle of Pancorbo, Pamplona, now led by the native Basque lord Iñigo Arista, broke away from the Hispanic March, with the County of Aragon following suit shortly thereafter in 820. The named Catalan counties - territories used by the Moors to enter and overrun Septimania in 719 - became, at this point, a natural extension of the March of Gothia ruled by Catalans and Toulousains under the Carolingian Empire.
Structure
The local population of the March was diverse. The majority were Basques and Hispano-Romans (Goths). But there were also Muslims, and Jews from Septimania who repopulated the Frankish conquered easternmost territories of present-day North Spain and a small portion of South France. The area changed with the fortunes of the empires and the feudal ambitions of the counts appointed to administrate the counties. As Frankish imperial power waned, the rulers of the March of Hispania became independent fiefs. The region would later become part of Catalonia.
Charlemagne's son Louis took Barcelona from its Moorish ruler in 801, thus securing Frankish power in the borderland between the Franks and the Moors. The Counts of Barcelona then became the principal representatives of Frankish authority in the Hispanic March. The March included various outlying smaller territories, each ruled by a lesser mile with their armed retainers and who theoretically owed allegiance through the Count to the Emperor.
The rulers were called counts; when they governed several counties they often took the name duke (Dux Gothiae). When the county formed the border with the Muslim Kingdom, the Frankish title marquis (Marquis de Gothie) was chosen. Besides, certain counts aspired to the Frankish title "Prince of Gothia". A margrave or Marcgravi is a Graf ("duke") of the March. The first Toulousains and Catalan lords who held the title of Counts of Barcelona, Bernard of Septimania, Humfrid, Bernard of Gothia, Borrell II and Ramon Borrell carried these titles.
In the early 9th century, Charlemagne began issuing a new kind of land grant, the aprisio, which reallocated land previously held by the imperial crown fisc in deserted or abandoned areas. This included special rights and immunities that allowed considerable independence from the imperial control. Historians have interpreted the aprisio both as an early form of feudalism and in economic and military terms as a mechanism to entice settlers to a depopulated border region. Such self-sufficient landholders would aid the Counts in providing armed men to defend the Frankish frontier. Aprisio grants (the first ones were in Septimania) were given personally by the Carolingian king, so that they reinforced loyalty to central power, to counterbalance the local power exercised by the Marcher Counts.
However poor communications and a distant central power allowed basic feudal entities to develop often self-sufficient and heavily agrarian. Each was ruled by a small hereditary military elite. These developments in the territories that later would become Catalonia followed similar patterns in other borderlands and March. For example, the first Count of Barcelona Bera was appointed by the King in 801, however subsequently strong heirs of Counts were able to inherit the title such as Sunifred, fl. 844–848. This gradually became custom until Countship became hereditary (for Wifred the Hairy in 897). The County became de facto independent undercount Borrell II, when they ceased to request royal charters after the kings Lothair and Hugh Capet failed to assist them in the defense of the County against Muslim leader al-Mansur, although the change of dynasty may have played a part in that decision.
The early history of Andorra in the Pyrenees provides a fairly typical example of a lordship of the region, as Andorra is the only part of the Hispanic March that was never incorporated into either France or Spain, a feat mentioned in its national anthem, El Gran Carlemany.
References
External links
Ian Meadows, "The Arabs in Occitania"
Archibald R. Lewis, "The Development of Southern French and Catalan Society, 718–1050"
Carolingian marches
Medieval Catalonia
States and territories established in the 790s
795 establishments
Meld (1952–1977) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse. When they completed the English Fillies Triple Crown by defeating Nucleus in the 1955 St Leger, they were only the fourth filly to do so in the 20th century. They were undefeated as a three-year-old (3YO) and was head of the 3YO Handicap.
Pedigree
Meld was well bred, being by the top-class stayer and successful sire, Alycidon, their dam Daily Double who won four races and was the dam of five winners was by Fair Trial. The second dam of Meld was Doubleton by Bahram, making them a half-sister to Precipitation. Meld was line-bred to Blandford in the fourth generation (4x4).
Racing record
Meld dominated their rivals in the 1,000 Guineas and The Oaks, before taking on the colts for the first time that year in St Leger Stakes at Doncaster. They won by just under a length, and then had to survive an objection from Lester Piggott, who had ridden Nucleus. Them win enabled Cecil Boyd-Rochfort to become the first trainer in England to have won more than £1 million for their patrons. Meld's winnings of £43,051 was an all-time record for fillies in England for at least several years after their retirement.
Stud record
Meld produced six winners including:
Charlottown (seven wins, including Epsom Derby for £116,863, and sire in England and Australia. They carried the colours of Lady Zia Wernher.
Intaglio, a winner and was the second dam of Easy Regent (Critérium de Saint-Cloud etc.)
Lysander II, a successful sire in Australia
Mellay, unraced, a Leading Sire in New Zealand in 1973 and 1977
Scarletville, winner, sire.
Meld's more modern descendants include Intaglio's great-great-great-grandson Ramonti.
Honours
Following the London & North Eastern Railway tradition of naming locomotives after winning racehorses, British Railways Deltic diesel locomotive no. D9003 (later 55 003) was named after the horse on 7 July 1961, and remained in service until 31 December 1980.
See also
Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing
References
The Complete Encyclopedia of Horse Racing – written by Bill Mooney and George Ennor
1952 racehorse births
1977 racehorse deaths
Racehorses trained in the United Kingdom
Racehorses bred in the United Kingdom
Thoroughbred family 2-i
St Leger winners
1000 Guineas winners
Epsom Oaks winners
Joseph Raymond Gerald "Gerry" Ouellette (August 14, 1934 – June 25, 1975) was a Canadian sport shooter and Olympic champion. They were born in Windsor, Ontario, and, at the age of 22, became the first Olympic gold medalists from the city. They won a gold medal in the Small-bore Rifle, prone event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne.
In 1952 they received the Lieutenant-Governor's Medal.
They joined the Canadian Forces in 1955, and served for over 20 years. Their success at shooting began in their Army Cadet days when they won numerous Cadet shooting titles. In 1959, they were Canada's sporting rifle champion and also represented Canada for a second time at the 1968 Summer Olympics.
A 45-cent Canadian postage stamp portraying Ouellette was issued July 8, 1996, as part of the series Canadian Olympic Gold Medallists. They have also been inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame.
Ouellete was killed when the aircraft they were flying crashed near Leamington, Ontario, on June 25, 1975.
References
1934 births
1975 deaths
Canadian male sport shooters
ISSF rifle shooters
Shooters at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of Canada
Olympic gold medalists for Canada
Olympic medalists in shooting
Medalists at the 1956 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Windsor, Ontario
Aviators killed in aviation accidents or incidents in Canada
Accidental deaths in Ontario
Pan American Games medalists in shooting
Pan American Games gold medalists for Canada
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Pan American Games bronze medalists for Canada
Shooters at the 1959 Pan American Games
Shooters at the 1967 Pan American Games
Victims of aviation accidents or incidents in 1975
The European Documentation and Information Centre, abbreviated CEDI (), was a former think tank founded in 1952 on the occasion of an international congress held in Santander, Spain. The objective of the organization was to unite various European conservative and Christian Democratic political organizations which formed in several Western European states during postwar reconstruction, the emerging Cold War and the beginnings of what would later be called European integration. During the 1950s and the 1960s, the CEDI was an important contact pool for European politicians. During its early years the CEDI's ideology and program was dominated by its first president, Otto von Habsburg, son of the last emperor of Austria. It was dissolved in 1990 following the collapse of the Iron Curtain.
Backgrounds
Francoist Spain made use of the CEDI to get in contact with high-ranking persons of the political, military, economic and cultural life from Western Europe and thus end its post-war international isolation. By preaching the necessity of cultural exchange and the religious unity of the occident, the CEDI aimed at a political, military and economic inclusion of Spain into the beginning process of European Integration.
Organization and members
The annual congresses of the CEDI, which were nearly always held in Spain, brought together many office bearers and dignitaries of the conservative milieu. Besides the Spanish initiators – hereunder Franco's foreign minister Alberto Martín Artajo, the director of the Institute for Hispanic Culture Alfredo Sánchez Bella and José Ignacio Escobar Kirkpatrick Marqués de Valdeiglesias – there was a strong support for CEDI's activities in Germany, Austria and France. The expelled Austrian Heir Apparent Otto von Habsburg was the founding and, later on, honorary president of the organization. Germany was represented by high-ranking members of the Christian Democratic and Christian Social Union of Bavaria parties, as for example the ministers Hans-Joachim von Merkatz and Richard Jaeger. The French section of the Documentation Centre was led by the Count François de la Noë and Michel Habib-Deloncle.
Among the first British supporters were William Teeling, Sir Frederick Corfield MP and Sir John Rodgers MP, who even held CEDI's international presidency from 1965 to 1967. Over the years, the Austrian secretary general Georg von Gaupp-Berghausen turned more and more out to be the actual organizational and programmatic head of the Documentation Centre.
Ambitions and ideology
Besides the proclaimed Catholic Christian heritage, the traditional connections of the European upper nobility, military contacts and common economic interests, it was above all a virulent anticommunism which was tying together the members of the Documentation Centre. The scientific lectures given at the annual meetings of the CEDI dealt with questions of principle concerning European Integration, the Cold War and other subjects of social and international relevance.
National sections
Apart from Spain, Germany and France, national sections emerged in and Belgium and Austria, some years later also in Liechtenstein, Switzerland, Sweden and Portugal. In Britain, the conservative "March Club" fulfilled the tasks of a national section since the beginning of the 1960s. Among the most prominent members of this British section were apart from Teeling, Corfield and Rodgers, Peter Agnew and Geoffrey Rippon who both were to become international presidents of the CEDI later on. It seems quite likely that the contacts provided by the Documentation Centre played a not unimportant role in negotiating Britain's entry into the European Community, since Rippon was the head of the British government's delegation.
Development
When the CEDI became a civil law association in 1957, its head office was officially moved to Munich, Madrid remaining nevertheless a central branch office of the organization.
With General Charles de Gaulle returning to the political stage in 1958, their fellows transformed the CEDI into an international forum in order to diffuse their conceptions of European politics. The cooperation between French Gaullists and German Christian Democrats has also been prepared by CEDI's initiatives.
The Gaullist engagement weakening by the end of the 1960s, Spanish influence in the Documentation Centre increased again. CEDI evolved into an instrument of Spanish interests in Latin America, reached out for Africa and Asia, and finally turned toward the domain of development policies.
Nevertheless, the organization had transgressed the zenith of its diplomatic activities. The urgent necessity of recruiting new members was perceived, but the CEDI did not find any solution to solve these problems. The political transformation process in Spain by the middle of the 1970s deprived the CEDI of its last material and organizational basics.
Further reading
Conze, Vanessa: Das Europa der Deutschen. Ideen von Europa in Deutschland zwischen Reichstradition und Westorientierung (1920–1970), München 2005, p. 169–206.
Gunzález Cuevas, Pedro Carlos: Neoconservatismo e identidad europea. Una aproximación histórica, in: Spagna contemporanea 13 (1998), p. 41–60.
Weber, Petra-Maria: Spanische Deutschlandpolitik 1945–1958. Entsorgung der Vergangenheit, Saarbrücken/Fort Lauderdale 1992, p. 205–268.
Johannes Großmann: Die Internationale der Konservativen. Transnationale Elitenzirkel und private Außenpolitik in Westeuropa seit 1945, Munich 2014.
History of Europe
Foreign policy and strategy think tanks
Anti-communist organizations
Francoist Spain
Conservatism in Europe
Think tanks established in 1952
1952 establishments in Spain
Avok is an Oceanic language spoken in South Malakula, Vanuatu.
References
Malekula languages
Languages of Vanuatu
UK International Salsa Congress is a Salsa Congress, organised since 2002 by Salsa UK. The first 5 events were held at Butlins holiday camp in Bognor Regis on the South Coast of England.
The event takes place over a weekend with a showcase of international salsa talesalsa talent each evening, followed by a salsa party and after-party through the night. During the Saturday and Sunday daytimes, International and well-respected domestic salsa instructors teach workshops at all levels from beginner to Master classes for the most advanced dancers.
Venue Change
2007 saw a change of venue to the Bournemouth International Centre (BIC) where the 6th UK International Salsa Congress was held between 12 & 14 October. There are many UK Salsa Congresses. Each has its flavour, among which is Teesside Festival UK.
References
External links
UK International Salsa Congress
Salsa UK
Salsa music
Music festivals in England
2002 establishments in the United Kingdom
Recurring events established in 2002
The National Coach Museum () is located on the Afonso de Albuquerque Square in the Belém district of Lisbon in Portugal. The museum has one of the finest collections of historical carriages in the world and is one of the most visited museums of the city.
History
The museum was formerly housed in the Royal Riding Hall of Belém, the former home of the Portuguese School of Equestrian Art, known as the Picadeiro Real. The Picadeiro Real is part of the larger Belém Palace complex, formerly a Royal Palace, which is now the official residence of the President of Portugal. The Horse Riding Area was built after 1787, following the Neoclassical design of Italian architect Giacomo Azzolini. Several Portuguese artists decorated the interior of the building with paintings and tile (azulejo) panels. The inner arena is 50 m long and 17 m wide, and was used for training horses and for horse riding exhibitions and games, which could be watched from its balconies by the Portuguese royal family. Since 2015, the bulk of the collection has been housed in a new museum situated close to the Picadeiro Real, but the original museum area can still be visited and contains six coaches and other exhibits.
The original museum was created in 1905 by Queen Amélia to house an extensive collection of carriages belonging to the Portuguese royal family and nobility. The collection gives a full picture of the development of carriages from the late 16th through the 19th centuries, with carriages made in Italy, Portugal, France, Spain, Austria and England.
Among its rarest items is a late 16th/early 17th-century travelling coach used by King Philip II of Portugal (Philip III of Spain) to come from Spain to Portugal in 1619. There are also several Baroque 18th century carriages decorated with paintings and exuberant gilt woodwork, the most impressive of these being a ceremonial coach given by Pope Clement XI to King John V in 1715, and the three coaches of the Portuguese ambassador to Pope Clement XI, built in Rome in 1716.
A section of the museum is also located in the Ducal Palace of Vila Viçosa, in Southern Portugal.
References
External links
The National Coach Museum on Google Arts & Culture
"Paulo Mendes da Rocha / Museu Nacional dos Coches" by Gonçalo M. Tavares, Ana Vaz Milheiro and João Carmo Simões, Lisbon: Monade, 2015.
Museums in Lisbon
Carriage museums
Belém (Lisbon)
History museums in Portugal
Transport museums in Portugal
1905 establishments in Portugal
Museums established in 1905
Lawrence Eugene Haler (born January 24, 1951) is an American politician of the Republican Party. They were a member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 8th Legislative District. They were initially elected to fill the unexpired term of Jerome Delvin, who had resigned to take a seat in the state senate. Sean McGrath had held the seat in the interim. They were born in Iowa City, Iowa and previously served 14 years on the Richland City Council.
In February 2018, Haler announced that they would not seek re-election to the Washington State House of Representatives.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
References
1951 births
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Republicans
21st-century American politicians
The Archdiocese of Potenza-Muro Lucano-Marsico Nuovo () is a Roman Catholic ecclesiastical territory in Basilicata, southern Italy, created in 1986. In that year the Diocese of Muro Lucano was united into the Archdiocese of Potenza e Marsico Nuovo, which had been elevated to an archdiocese in 1973, and made a metropolitan see in 1976. The historical Diocese of Potenza was united with the Diocese of Marsico Nuovo in 1818.
The Ecclesiastical Province of Potenza (Basilicata) is composed of Potenza and five suffragan dioceses: the Archdiocese of Acerenza, the Archdiocese of Matera-Irsina, the Diocese of Melfi-Rapolla-Venosa, the Diocese of Tricarico, and the Diocese of Tursi-Lagonegro.
History
Potenza was destroyed by order of the Emperor Frederick II, and was rebuilt by Bishop Oberto, beginning in 1250, to be destroyed again under Charles of Anjou.
The town claims that it was evangelized by Saint Peter; Saint Aruntius and their companions are said to have suffered martyrdom there under the Emperor Maximian. The legend has been destructively criticized by Francesco Lanzoni (1927).
The date of the establishment of the Diocese of Potenza (Potentinus) is not known. The earliest known bishop is Herculentius, who corresponded with Pope Gelasius I between 494 and 496.
An outstanding bishop was Gerardo della Porta (1099–1119), who was recognized as a saint, and to whom the cathedral is dedicated, along with the universal dedication to the Assumption throughout the kingdom of Naples. In 1221, Bishop Garsias limited the number of canons in the cathedral Chapter to twelve. In 1721, the Chapter was headed by three dignities (the Archdeacon, the Archpriest, and the Cantor) and nine canons.
The town of Potenza was destroyed by the earthquake of 1273 (or 1278).
The Cathedral, built by Bishop Oberto (attested 1250–1256), was restored by Giovanni Andrea Serra (1783–99), and Achille Caracciolo (1616). Bishop Achille Caracciolo was also responsible for laying the cornerstone of a new seminary.
In 1694, Potenza was involved in the earthquake of 8 September, which affected nearly the entire kingdom of Naples. Three hundred houses were completely destroyed, the rest suffered damage. The church of Santissima Trinità and the castello were heavily damaged. Four or five people were reported dead. The seminary building also suffered severe damage. Bishop Agnello Rossi (1695–1707) began the reconstruction.
Bishop Giovanni Andrea Serrao (1783–1799) of Potenza was assassinated on 24 February 1799. They had been the Jansenist leader in southern Italy, and was an Erastian in church politics. They supported the French inspired Parthenopean Republic, and was a target of Cardinal Fabrizio Ruffo's sanfedist army.
On 27 June 1818, the diocese of Potenza was united with Diocese of Marsico Nuovo to form Diocese of Potenza e Marsico Nuovo. Potenza was made a suffragan of the archdiocese of Acerenza, along with Anglona e Tursi, Tricarico, and Venosa. The diocese of Matera was suppressed and united with the archdiocese of Acerenza.
In the earthquake of 1 February 1826, all of the public and private buildings were seriously damaged. Two or three old buildings collapsed completely. The palace of the royal Intendant, the episcopal palace, the monastery of the Riformati, and the civic hospital were reduced to a bad condition. The campanile of the cathedral lost its lead roof. In the earthquake of 16 December 1857, in Basilicata there were 9591 deaths, with 1411 reported wounded. In the city of Potenza alone, 22 died and 11 were injured. Aftershocks continued into the next year. According to Cappelletti, the city of Potenza was practically annihilated.
A diocesan synod was held in Potenza by Bishop Gaspare Cardoso, O.S.B. (1606 – 1615) on 2 April 1606. Bishop Pietro Ignazio Marolda held a diocesan synod in Potenza in 1834.
Post-Vatican II changes
On 11 February 1973, Pope Paul VI promoted the diocese of Potenza e Marsico Nuovo to the status of an archdiocese, and made it immediately subject to the papacy, rather than to some other archdiocese in the regions of Basilicata or Lucania. It had been suffragan to the archdiocese of Acerenza. The bishop was given the rank of archbishop, and granted the right to use the processional cross and the pallium. The College of Canons of the cathedral, as well, were given archdiocesan dignity and privileges.
On 31 May 1973, by decree of the Congregation of Bishops of the papal curia, five parishes belonging to the Diocese of Campagna were transferred to the jurisdiction of the archdiocese of Potenza. In 1986, the diocese of Campagna was completely suppressed.
On 8 September 1976, the Congregations transferred territory from the Diocese of Acerenza, the Diocese of Rapolla, and from the Territorial Abbacy of Santissima Trinità di Cava de' Tirreni It also lost two towns to the diocese of Anglona-Tursi.
Following the Second Vatican Council, and in accordance with the norms laid out in the council's decree, Christus Dominus chapter 40, Pope Paul VI ordered a reorganization of the ecclesiastical provinces in southern Italy. The decree "Eo quod spirituales" of 12 September 1976 created a new episcopal conference in the region called "Basilicata", to which were assigned all of the dioceses that belonged to the ecclesiastical province of Potenza, including Materana and Mons Pelusii; they had formerly belonged to the episcopal conference of "Apulia". Pope Paul VI ordered consultations among the members of the Congregation of Bishops in the Vatican Curia, the Italian Bishops Conference, and the various dioceses concerned. After twenty years, problems and objections were still apparent.
On 18 February 1984, the Vatican and the Italian State signed a new and revised concordat. Based on the revisions, a set of Normae was issued on 15 November 1984, which was accompanied in the next year, on 3 June 1985, by enabling legislation. According to the agreement, the practice of having one bishop govern two separate dioceses at the same time, aeque personaliter, was abolished. The Vatican continued consultations which had begun under Pope John XXIII for the merging of small dioceses, especially those with personnel and financial problems, into one combined diocese.
On 30 September 1986, Pope John Paul II ordered that the dioceses of Potenza, Marsico Nuovo, and Muro Lucano be merged into one diocese with one bishop, with the Latin title Archidioecesis Potentina-Murana-Marsicensis. The seat of the diocese was to be in Potenza, and the cathedral of Potenza was to serve as the cathedral of the merged diocese. The cathedrals in Marsico Nuovo and Muro Lucano were to become co-cathedrals, and their cathedral Chapters were each to be a Capitulum Concathedralis. There was to be only one diocesan Tribunal, in Potenza, and likewise one seminary, one College of Consultors, and one Priests' Council. The territory of the new diocese was to include the territory of the suppressed dioceses of Marsico Nuovo and Muro Lucano.
On 25 January 1998 the archdiocese of Potenza gained territory from the Archdiocese of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi–Conza–Nusco–Bisaccia
The cathedral Chapter of Potenza is currently (2022) composed of thirteen persons: ten canons (including a president, a vice-president, an economus, and a penitentiary) and three honorary canons. The president also serves as the parish priest of the cathedral parish.
In 1990, the six bishops of the ecclesiastical province of Basilicata established a joint seminary for the training of priests, situated in Potenza. The seminary of Potenza was closed, and its building was repurposed as the Osthello della Gioventù.
Bishops and Archbishops
Diocese of Potenza
Metropolitan: Archdiocese of Acerenza e Matera
to 1350
...
Herculentius (attested 494–498)
?Amandus (c. 500-502)
...
Petrus (attested early 559)
...
?Bala(s) (826)
...
Bruno (1068)
...
Gerardus (attested 1099–1111)
Manfredus (attested c. 1123/1124)
...
Joannes (attested 1177–1179)
...
Bartholomaeus (attested 1197–1200)
Henricus (attested 1206)
...
Garsias (attested 1218–1221)
Eleachinus (attested 1223)
Thomasinus, O.Praem. (attested 1231)
...
Obertus (attested 1250–1256)
Gualterius de Calabria, O.P. (attested 1267-1279)
Bonifatius
Franciscus (attested 1290)
Guilelmus (d. 1343)
Guilelmus de la Torre de Adria, O.Min. (1343–1351)
1350 to 1650
Giovanni de Rupella, O.Carm. (1351–1364)
Jacobus (1364–1374)
Bartolomeo della Spina (1374– )
...
Marcus (attested 1386)
Andreas (1389–1392) Roman Obedience
Niccolò de Vincioni (11 Nov 1392 – 21 May 1395)
...
Jacobus Roman Obedience
Benedictus de Arpino, O.Min. (1399–1402) Roman Obedience
Andreas Sinrao (1402–1404) Roman Obedience
Benedictus de Arpino, O.Min. (1404–1419)
Angelo (11 Sep 1419 – 1429)
Giacomo Squacquera (1429–1450)
Antonio Angeli (1450–1462)
Giovanni Paolo Vassalli (1463–1468)
Luigi Caracciolo (1469–1482)
Giovanni Filippo Castiglioni (1482–1490)
Juan Ortega (1502–1503)
Jaime Serra i Cau (29 Nov 1503 – 7 Aug 1506 Resigned) Administrator
Giacomo Nini (7 Aug 1506 – 1521 Resigned)
Pompeo Colonna (7 Jan 1521 – 21 Nov 1526 Deprived) Administrator
Nino Nini (28 Nov 1526 – 21 Jan 1564)
Tiberio Carafa (15 May 1566 – 1579)
Sebastiano Barnaba (17 Aug 1579 – 19 Jun 1606 Died)
Antonio Vespoli, Theat. (1599–1600?) Coadjutor
Gaspare Cardoso, O.S.B. ([7 April 1603] – 19 Jun 1606 – 1615 Died)
Achille Caracciolo (2 May 1616 – 1623 Died)
Sede Vacante (1623–1626)
Diego Vargas (20 Jul 1626 – Oct 1633 Died)
Girolamo Magnesi (20 Nov 1634 – 1644 Died)
Miguel de Torres, O.P. (18 Apr 1644 – 1645 Died)
from 1650 to 1819
Bonaventura Claverio, O.F.M. Conv. (16 Jul 1646 – 1671)
Diego Lozano González, O. Carm. (13 Sep 1677 – 10 Sep 1681)
Luigi de Filippi, O.P. (3 Jul 1684 – 5 Jan 1685)
Baldassare de Benavente, O. de M. (13 May 1686 – 30 Oct 1687)
Pietro de Torres (24 Jan 1689 – 24 Jan 1695 Confirmed, Archbishop of Trani)
Agnello Rossi, O. Carm. (2 May 1695 – 30 Apr 1707 Died)
Carlo Pignatelli, C.R. (23 Sep 1715 – 14 Jan 1722 Appointed, Bishop of Gaeta)
Biagio de Dura (2 Mar 1722 – Mar 1740 Died)
José Alfonso Meléndez, O.F.M. Disc. (30 Jan 1741 – 1748)
Tommaso Ignatius Antonio Sersale, C.R. (1 Apr 1748 – 18 Jul 1749)
Bonaventura Fabozzi, O.F.M. (21 Jul 1749 – 4 Jan 1761)
Carlo Parlati, C.P.O. (6 Apr 1761 – 1767)
Domenico Russo (16 May 1768 – 1780)
Giovanni Andrea Serrao (18 Jul 1783 – 24 Feb 1799 Died)
Bartolomeo de Cesare (26 Jun 1805 – 30 Sep 1819 Died)
Diocese of Potenza e Marsico Nuovo
United: 27 June 1818 with Diocese of Marsico Nuovo
Latin Name: Potentinus et Marsicensis
Metropolitan: Archdiocese of Acerenza
Giuseppe Maria Botticelli, O.F.M. (21 Feb 1820 – 1822)
Pietro Ignazio Marolda, C.SS.R. (19 Apr 1822 – 1837)
Michelangelo Pieramico (12 Feb 1838 – Sep 1862 Died)
Sede vacante (1862–1867)
Antonio Maria Fanìa, O.F.M. (27 Mar 1867 – 23 Jan 1880 Died)
Luigi Carvelli (23 Jan 1880 – 3 Jul 1882 Appointed, Bishop of Mileto)
Tiberio Durante (25 Sep 1882 – 31 Oct 1899 Died)
Ignacio Monterisi (19 Apr 1900 – 17 Feb 1913 Died)
Roberto Achille Razzòli, O.F.M. (27 Aug 1913 – 27 Apr 1925 Died)
Augusto Bertazzoni (30 Jun 1930 – 30 Nov 1966 Retired)
Aureliano Sorrentino (30 Nov 1966 – 4 Jun 1977 Appointed, Archbishop of Reggio Calabria)
Archdiocese of Potenza e Marsico Nuovo
Elevated: 1973 Feb 11
Latin Name: Potentinus et Marsicensis
Giuseppe Vairo (3 Dec 1977 – 19 Jan 1993 Retired)
Archdiocese of Potenza–Muro Lucano–Marsico Nuovo
United: 30 September 1986 with the Diocese of Muro Lucano
Latin Name: Archidioecesis Potentinus-Muranus-Marsicensis
Ennio Appignanesi (19 Jan 1993 – 9 Jan 2001 Retired)
Agostino Superbo (9 Jan 2001 – 5 Oct 2015 Retired)
Salvatore Ligorio (5 Oct 2015 – )
Notes
Bibliography
Reference for bishops
Studies
Kamp, Norbert (1975). Kirche und Monarchie im staufischen Königreich Sizilien. I. Prosopographische Grundlegung: 2. Apulien und Kalabrien. München: Wilhelm Fink Verlag. pp. 794-798.
Kehr, Paul Fridolin (1962). Italia pontificia. Vol. IX: Samnium — Apulia — Lucania. Berlin: Weidmann.
Lanzoni, Francesco (1927). Le diocesi d'Italia dalle origini al principio del secolo VII (an. 604). Faenza: F. Lega, pp. 325-329.
Palestino, Carlo (2000). L' arcidiocesi di Potenza Muro Marsico . S.T.E.S., 2000.
Torelli, Felice (1848). La chiave del Concordato dell'anno 1818 e degli atti emanati posteriormente al medesimo. Volume 1, second edition Naples: Stamperia del Fibreno, 1848.
Roman Catholic dioceses in Basilicata
Dioceses established in the 5th century
Weerde is a village in Flemish Brabant, Belgium. It is part of the municipality of Zemst. A train station is located in Weerde, connecting the two largest cities of the country, Brussels and Antwerp.
The location of Weerde today is between two branches of the river Zenne. The old branch flows to the east, past the Weerde fish pond, while the new branch was built to the west of the town between the world wars to protect Weerde from flooding.
To the south of Weerde, the remains of a medieval sluice tower and gateway can be seen in the fields, on the course of the old branch of the Zenne. The sluice was used to control the flow of water past the neighbouring watermill.
History: While World War I, after the Battle of Marne the Belgian Army launched an attack, by September 13 1914, hoping to force the Germans back, the attack finally failed.
References
Populated places in Flemish Brabant
Colias tamerlana is a butterfly in the family Pieridae. It is found in the eastern Palearctic realm (western Siberia, northern China, and Mongolia).
Description
It is a large and very dark member of the genus Colias.
Biology
The larva feeds on Oxytropis oligantha
Subspecies
C. t. tamerlana Xinjiang, Kirgizia (eastern Issyk Kul)
C. t. mongola Alphéraky, 1897 Altai, Sayan
C. t. sidonia Weiss, 1968 northern Mongolia
Taxonomy
It was accepted as a species by Josef Grieshuber & Gerardo Lamas but may be a subspecies of Colias nastes.
References
Butterflies described in 1897
tamerlana
Butterflies of Asia
Taxa named by Otto Staudinger
Say–Meyer syndrome is a rare X-linked genetic disorder that is mostly characterized as developmental delay. It is one of the rare causes of short stature. It is closely related with trigonocephaly (a misshapen forehead due to premature fusion of bones in the skull). People with Say–Meyer syndrome have impaired growth, deficits in motor skills development and mental state.
It is suggested that it is from a X-linked transmission.
Signs and symptoms
Common signs of Say–Meyer syndrome are trigonocephaly as well as head and neck symptoms. The head and neck symptoms come in the form of craniosynostosis affecting the metopic suture (the dense connective tissue structure that divides the two halves of the skull in children which usually fuse together by the age of six). Symptoms of Say–Meyer syndrome other than developmental delay and short stature include
Intellectual disability.
Low-set ears/posteriorly rotated ears
Intellectual deficit as well as learning disability
Intrauterine growth retardation (poor growth of a baby while it is in the mother's womb)
Posterior fontanel
Premature synostosis of the lambdoid suture (the fusion of the bones to the joint is premature)
Narrow forehead
Trigonocephaly (a frontal bone anomaly that is characterized by a premature fusion of the bones which gives the forehead a triangular shape)
Hypotelorism or hypertelorism (reduced or increased width between the eyes)
Craniosynostosis (when one or more seam-like junctions between two bones fuses by turning into bone. This changes the growth pattern of the skull)
Low birth weight and height
The affected patients sometimes show a highly arched palate, clinodactyly (a defect in which toes or fingers are positioned abnormally) and ventricular septal defect (a heart defect that allows blood to pass directly from left to the right ventricle which is caused by an opening in the septum). Overall, Say–Meyer syndrome impairs growth, motor function, and mental state.
Growth and development
The growth retardation dates from the intrauterine period (development in the uterus.) The long-term developmental growth and outcome is not known, but the early childhood development is known, which is said to be moderately delayed. Craniosynostosis is usually rare among the X-Linked Intellectual Disability Syndromes, but when it is present, it affects the metopic structure (forehead).
Causes
It is a disorder that is mostly characterized as developmental delay and short stature. Magnetic resonance imaging scans usually reveal that there is a decreased volume of white matter in the bilateral cerebral hemispheres, a brain stem that is smaller in size, and a thin corpus callosum (nerve fibers that connect the two hemispheres of the brain). The syndrome is one of the rare causes of short stature.
Diagnosis
Treatment
Surgical
To treat the trigonocephaly, expanding the distance between orbits using springs seems to work. It allows enough space for the brain to grow and it creates a normal horizontal axis of the orbits and supraorbital bar. The endoscopic surgery started to become popular since the early 1990s, but it has some technical limitations (only strip craniectomy is possible). There have been few attempts to go beyond the limits.
Aesthetic outcomes of metopic surgery have been good. Surgery does not have a perfect outcome because there will most likely be minor irregularities. Sometimes reoperations are needed for the severe cases. Trying to hollow out the temporal, and the hypoterlorism are very hard to correct. The hypotelorism usually stays not corrected and in order to correct the temporal hollowing, a second operation is most likely needed.
History
The Say–Meyer syndrome was named after Burhan Say and Julia Meyer in 1981 after they observed trigonocephaly in 3 males who were all related. Each male was found to have a X-linked recessive inheritance. The oldest one was found to be mentally retarded while the other two nephews were found to have
a closed posterior fontanelle (gap between bones in the human skull).
a small anterior fontanelle (allows deformation of the skull for the brain to grow).
a narrow forehead.
hypotelorism
marked retardation in weight, height, head circumference, and psychomotor development.
Later on, Say and Meyer have not been able to find any similar case and they classified the disorder as trigonocephaly with minor anomalies. They considered it different from trigonocephaly because trigonocephaly only deals with a deformed head that leads to facial and cranial deformities. Say–Meyer syndrome has both facial and cranial deformities as well as short stature and developmental delay.
References
External links
X-linked recessive disorders
Congenital disorders of musculoskeletal system
Syndromes
Arsenal Football Club is an English professional association football club based in Holloway, London. The club was formed in Woolwich in 1886 as Royal Arsenal before it was renamed Woolwich Arsenal in 1893. They became the first southern member admitted into the Football League in 1893, having spent their first four seasons solely participating in cup tournaments and friendlies. The club's name was shortened to Arsenal in 1914, a year after moving to Highbury. In spite of finishing fifth in the Second Division in 1915, Arsenal rejoined the First Division at the expense of local rivals Tottenham Hotspur when football resumed after the First World War. Since that time, they have not fallen below the first tier of the English football league system and hold the record for the longest uninterrupted period in the top flight. The club remained in the Football League until 1992, when its First Division was superseded as English football's top level by the newly formed Premier League, of which they were an inaugural member. In 2003–04, Arsenal completed a league season without a single defeat, something achieved only once before in English football, by Preston North End in 1888–89.
Arsenal's first team have competed in a number of nationals, and in the early part of the club's history, regionally contested leagues such as the United League, the Southern District Combination and the London League Premier Division. Their record against each club faced in these discontinued competitions, in addition to the Football League and Premier League is listed below. Arsenal's first Football League match was against Newcastle United, and they met their 85th and most recent different league opponent, A.F.C. Bournemouth, for the first time in the 2015–16 Premier League season. The team that Arsenal has played most in league competition is Manchester United, who they first met in the 1894–95 Football League season; the 83 defeats from 204 meetings is more than they have lost against any other club. Liverpool have drawn 52 league encounters with Arsenal, more than any other club. Arsenal have recorded more league victories against Everton than against any other club, having beaten them 98 times out of 200 attempts.
Key
The table includes results of matches played by Arsenal (including under the former names of Royal Arsenal and Woolwich Arsenal) in the United League, the Southern District Combination, the London League Premier Division, the Football League and the Premier League. Matches from the abandoned 1939–40 season are excluded, as are the games in the various wartime competitions.
The name used for each opponent is the name they had when Arsenal most recently played a league match against them. Results against each opponent include results against that club under any former name. For example, results against Birmingham City include matches played against Small Heath (1888–1905) and Birmingham (1905–1945).
The columns headed "First" and "Last" contain the first and most recent seasons in which Arsenal played league matches against each opponent.
P = matches played; W = matches won; D = matches drawn; L = matches lost; Win% = percentage of total matches won
Clubs with this background and symbol in the "Opponent" column are Arsenal's divisional rivals in the current season.
Clubs with this background and symbol in the "Opponent" column are defunct.
All-time league record
Statistics correct as of matches played on 28 August 2021.
Footnotes
References
General
Specific
League record by opponent
Arsenal
"Crazy They Call Me" is a 1949 jazz standard. It was composed by Carl Sigman, with lyrics by Bob Russell.
Notable recordings
American jazz singer Billie Holiday recorded it. Other artists to record the song include Dinah Washington (with Clifford Brown), Natalie Cole, Anita O'Day, Claire Martin, Linda Ronstadt, Dakota Staton, Marlena Studer and Aretha Franklin. As "Crazy They Call Me", it has also been recorded by Nat King Cole, Tony Bennett, Sam Cooke, and Rod Stewart.
See also
List of jazz standards
References
External links
1940s jazz standards
1949 songs
Songs written by Carl Sigman
Songs with lyrics by Bob Russell (songwriter)
The 1977–78 international cricket season was from September 1977 to April 1978.
Season overview
December
India in Australia
England in Pakistan
February
England in New Zealand
Australia in the West Indies
References
International cricket competitions by season
1977 in cricket
1978 in cricket
"Nipple to the Bottle" is a single by the Jamaican singer, model and actor Grace Jones, released in 1982.
Background
"Nipple to the Bottle" was the lead single from Jones' sixth studio album, Living My Life. The song was released in some territories as a double A-side single with "The Apple Stretching". In some countries, the single B-side featured "Cry Now, Laugh Later" or a dub version of "My Jamaican Guy"; all of these three tracks would later receive separate single releases. The front cover uses an image taken from their A One-Man Show performance of "Demolition Man", with a group of Grace Jones "look-alikes" marching on across the stage. The song was performed by Grace in Julien Temple's 1983 film It's All True, made for BBC Arena series.
The single met with a considerable success, reaching Top 20 on Billboard R&B and dance charts. It did exceptionally well in New Zealand, where it became a number 3 hit.
Track listing
EU 7" single
A. "Nipple to the Bottle" – 4:22
B. "The Apple Stretching" – 3:33
US 7" single
A. "Nipple to the Bottle" – 3:59
B. "JA Guys" – 4:40
Canadian 7" single
A. "Nipple to the Bottle" – 4:17
B. "Cry Now - Laugh Later" – 4:29
US 7" promotional single
A. "Nipple to the Bottle" (long version) – 4:17
B. "Nipple to the Bottle" (short version) – 3:59
EU 12" single
A. "Nipple to the Bottle" – 6:59
B. "The Apple Stretching" – 8:40
US 12" single
A. "Nipple to the Bottle" – 6:57
B. "JA Guys" – 7:15
Canadian 12" single
A. "Nipple to the Bottle" – 6:54
B. "Cry Now - Laugh Later" – 6:08
Chart performance
References
1982 singles
Grace Jones songs
Songs written for films
Songs written by Grace Jones
Song recordings produced by Alex Sadkin
1982 songs
Island Records singles
Niger Potters is a Nigerian basketball team based in Minna. The team plays in the Nigerian Premier League. In 2007, the Potters finished fifth in the Africa Clubs Champions Cup.
In African competitions
FIBA Africa Clubs Champions Cup (1 appearance)
2007 – 5th Place
References
Basketball teams in Nigeria
Moris Carrozzieri (born 16 November 1980) is an Italian football defender.
Club career
Early career
Carrozzieri started their professional career at A.S. Bari. They were loaned to Andria and Giulianova (both at Serie C1) and then to Martina and Teramo (both at Serie C2).
They help Teramo gain promotion to Serie C1 in summer 2002, and the club bought half of the registration rights of the player. In summer 2003, Carrozzieri was sold to newly promoted team Sampdoria, by Teramo bought Bari's half and re-sold to the Genoese club.
Sampdoria
First season of Carrozzieri in Serie A, they made 25 appearances and the team finished 8th. The club bought rest of the rights at the end of the season.
However, they just made 3 appearances in the second season, and they were loaned to A.C. Arezzo of Serie B at the end of the season.
They made 35 appearances and the team finished 7th.
Atalanta
On 5 July 2006 newly promoted Atalanta signed Carrozzieri by bought half of the registration rights for €1.1 million, which saw Carrozzieri returned to Italian top division.
On 21 September 2006 Carrozzieri was suspended for two months by the Lega Calcio as investigation turned out they and 2005 teammate Francesco Flachi at U.C. Sampdoria were gathering information for gamblers in Italian football. Sampdoria received a €20,000 fine. The appeal to Commissione d'Appello Federale of Federazione Italiana Giuoco Calcio was also dismissed.
Atalanta bought all the rights on 6 June 2007 for €870,000. (which Sampdoria booked a financial loss of €230,000 for the discount).
Palermo
On 25 June 2008 Palermo confirmed Carrozzieri agreed a four-year contract with the rosanero, where they will have the chance to join Stefano Colantuono, their head coach at Atalanta in 2006–07 season. The transfer fees cost Palermo €3.4million. Palermo also signed Simon Kjær and Cesare Bovo that transfer windows and the cost almost equal to the revenue of the sale of Andrea Barzagli.
Despite the dismissal of Colantuono following a defeat to Udinese and their replacement with Davide Ballardini, Carrozzieri confirmed themselves as a key player for the rosanero, thanks to their strength and their noted heading abilities.
Ban and return to football
On 23 April 2009 the Italian Football Federation announced Moris Carrozzieri tested positive for cocaine after a test on 5 April, after Palermo's 1–0 Serie A win against Torino. Under Italian football rules, the player was immediately suspended from footballing activities. In July 2009 they were officially banned from football for two years, and was also forbidden from any football-related activities, including participating to training sessions. Their ban expired in April 2011, allowing them to be able to join again the train sessions at Palermo. Following the ban, Carrozzieri and Palermo agreed a new minimum wage (€50,000 per year).
They returned to play on 29 May 2011, as a substitute for injured defender Dorin Goian during the 2010–11 Coppa Italia final against Inter, that ended in a 1–3 loss for the Sicilians.
Lecce
On 14 July 2011 Carrozzeri mutually terminated their contract with Palermo and signed for Lecce thereafter. However, in August they injured the left knee meniscus.
Varese
On 15 August 2012, Carrozzieri signed a one-year deal with Serie B side A.S. Varese 1910.
Città di Giulianova
In summer 2013 they were signed by Serie D newcomers Città di Giulianova. However, they were suspended for 3 matches soon after a violence incident during a match. Circa February 2014 Carrozzieri joined Bellante.
Managerial career
Carrozzieri became part of Città di Giulianova's non-playing staff in 2014. They were suspended again from January to May in 2015; they were dismissed as the director of sport in October 2015.
References
1980 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
S.S. Fidelis Andria 1928 players
S.S.C. Bari players
Giulianova Calcio players
S.S. Teramo Calcio players
Palermo F.C. players
U.C. Sampdoria players
Atalanta B.C. players
S.S.D. Varese Calcio players
U.S. Lecce players
A.S.D. Martina Calcio 1947 players
S.S. Arezzo players
Association football defenders
A.S.D. Città di Giulianova 1924 players
People from Giulianova
Sportspeople from the Province of Teramo
Footballers from Abruzzo
Hellula hydralis, the cabbage centre grub, is a moth of the family Crambidae. It was described by Achille Guenée in 1854 and is found throughout Australia.
The wingspan is about 20 mm.
The larvae feed on Brassica oleracea and Brassica napus.
References
Glaphyriini
Moths of New Zealand
Moths described in 1854
Buncrana railway station served Buncrana in County Donegal, Ireland.
History
The station opened on 9 September 1864 on the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway line from Londonderry Graving Dock to Buncrana. It was designed by the Derry architect Fitzgibbon Louch.
The main station building was burned down in August 1903. A servant girl living the station accidentally upset oil lamp over the refreshment rooms, and in a few minutes the whole building was ablaze. The station master rescued their wife and family, and also got out some the railway papers. The damage to the station was estimated to be £5,000 in 1903 prices.
On 4 September 1905, the front axle of a train approaching the station suddenly broke. The train overran the station and the points were torn up for considerable distance. Although no one was injured in the accident, the station was forced to close until repairs were made.
An 18 year old engine cleaner - Hugh McLaughlin from Londonderry - was found dead in the station pump room on 9 December 1909. They lit a fire in the room for warmth and then went to sleep. However there was no outlet for the smoke and McLaughlin died of smoke inhalation.
On 30 July 1922, during the Irish Civil War, Buncrana was captured by the Free State forces from Anti-treaty forces. The Free State forces held the railway station and all the roads entering the town. Later that day, 100 Free State troops commandeered a train at Buncrana station and proceeded to take Clonmany, Carndonagh and other locations on the peninsula.
The station closed for passengers on 6 September 1948. In December 1952, the Irish minister of industry and commerce signed an order authorizing the closure of rail services to Buncrana. Freight services were finally terminated on 10 August 1953.
Post railway use
The station buildings still exist. They were purchased in 1952 by Dan and Molly Porter and have been converted to a public house – The Drift Inn. It is recorded on the Record of Protected Structures in the National Inventory of Architectural Heritage of Ireland.
Routes
References
Buncrana
Disused railway stations in County Donegal
Railway stations opened in 1864
Railway stations closed in 1953
1864 establishments in Ireland
1953 disestablishments in Ireland
The Rinaldi clan is a Camorra clan operating in the area of San Giovanni a Teduccio, in the eastern area of the city of Naples. Since 2019 the clan has formed an alliance with the Ponticelli's De Luca Bossa clan, and Barra's Aprea-Cuccaro clan, called by the media Rinaldi-De Luca Bossa-Aprea, which has emerged as the most powerful Camorra group in the eastern region of Naples.
History
The Rinaldi clan was founded in 1989 from the split of the Mazzarella clan. The clan from the beginning was marked by great blood ties between its leaders, their leadership was conventional, strong and imposing. The first head of the clan was Antonio Rinaldi, known as 'O Giallo, boss with great criminal capabilities and killed in 1989 by order of Gennaro Mazzarella. After the death of 'O Giallo, their brother Vincenzo took the reins of the clan. Leader of considerable criminal charisma, Vincenzo was killed in 1996, after an escalation of violence between the Rinaldi and Mazzarella clans. And the other brother, Gennaro, called 'O lione, replaced them at the head of the organization. Between the years 1996 and 2009, the clan was heavily active in the international counterfeiting market. In order to coordinate the group's affairs, the top members of the organization moved abroad. This absence of the leaders on the territory has made the group extremely vulnerable to the constant attempts of other clans, in the eastern area of Naples, to expand their territories.
The organization only strongly recovered in the territory of San Giovanni a Teduccio, when Ciro Rinaldi, called My way, took control of the clan in the 2010s. In fact, the clan reached its peak in 2017 and 2018, having created small factions in other parts of the city, one led by Luigi Esposito called "o' sciamarro", and another controlled by Luisa De Stefano, called "La pazzignana" in the Rione De Gasperi, Ponticelli. Ciro Rinaldi, according to the investigators, has a cynical strategist's mind and the typical liveliness of the ruthless criminal.
Recent years
According to the pentito Vincenzo Amirante, the Rinaldi clan made a pact with the leaders of the so-called Paranza dei bambini, even before it was headed by the Giuliano's heirs, the main objective of the pact was to eliminate the Mazzarella clan and take the area of the Maddalena, in the center of Naples.
The clan is allied with the powerful Secondigliano Alliance, decisive in making the Rinaldi one of the most powerful clans in the Camorra. After the strong pact with the Secondigliano Alliance leaders, they had quickly gained a monopoly on the sale of marijuana in the eastern outskirts of the city.
The clan has made a strong alliance with the De Luca Bossa clan and the Aprea-Cuccaro clan, which since the beginning of 2019 has been a hegemon in much of the eastern area of the city of Naples.
On February 16, 2019, Ciro Rinaldi, the leader of the organization, was arrested in San Pietro a Patierno. On September 18, 2019, Rinaldi was sentenced to life imprisonment for the double murder of Ciro Colonna, hit by mistake, and for Raffaele Cepparulo, boss of the "barbudos" faction of the Rione Sanità.
In December 2019, the first statements by the newly pentito Tommaso Schisa on the dynamics of the Rinaldi clan were reported in the media, shedding light on the murder of Vincenzo De Bernardo. In fact, according to Schisa, De Bernardo was killed for violating the pact on the drugs business with the leaders of the Piezzo group, but above all, with the boss Ciro Rinaldi.
In February 2020, four members affiliated to the clan were arrested, among which are also Rita and Francesco Rinaldi, sons of the late boss 'O Giallo, as well nephews of Ciro Rinaldi. They are accused of usury, extortion and attempted extortion with the aggravating circumstance of the mafia method.
Structure
Ciro Rinaldi, called My way. — Head of the clan. Arrested in February 2019 and sentenced to life in prison.
Sergio Grassia, called Sergiolino. — Rinaldi's right-hand man. Arrested in June 2019.
Raffaele Oliviero, called o pop. — Capoparanza. Arrested in June 2019.
Ciro Grassia — Capoparanza. Arrested in May 2019.
Raffaele Maddaluno, called nzalatella. — Capoparanza. Surrendered to law enforcement in February 2019.
See also
Camorra
List of Camorra clans
San Giovanni a Teduccio
De Luca Bossa clan
Secondigliano Alliance
References
1989 establishments in Italy
Camorra clans
The Journal of Cell Science (formerly the Quarterly Journal of Microscopical Science) is a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of cell biology. The journal is published by The Company of Biologists. The journal is partnered with Publons, is part of the Review Commons initiative and has two-way integration with bioRxiv. Journal of Cell Science is a hybrid journal and publishes 24 issues a year. Content over 6 months old is free to read.
History
Foundation and early years
The journal was established in 1853 as the Quarterly Journal of Microscopical Science (Q. J. Microsc. Sci., ). The founding editors were Edwin Lankester and George Busk. The publisher of the early issues was Samuel Highley of Fleet Street, London, with John Churchill and Sons (later J. & A. Churchill) taking over from 1856. The journal's original aims, as described in a preface to the first issue, were not limited to biology, but encompassed all branches of science related to the microscope:
Contributors to the first issue include Thomas Henry Huxley, Joseph Lister, William Crawford Williamson, and George Shadbolt. The contents of the early issues are diverse, and include original research articles, translations of papers published in other languages, transactions of the meetings of the Microscopical Society of London (later the Royal Microscopical Society), and book reviews. The journal also published short notes and memoranda, aimed "to gather up fragments of information, which singly might appear to be useless but together are of great importance to science"; the editors encouraged non-specialist submissions to this section, considering that "there are few possessors of a Microscope who have not met with some stray fact or facts which, published in this way, may not lead to important results." The editors also intended "to relieve the graver and more strictly scientific matter of the Journal by lighter contributions, such as will be found useful to the beginner, not uninteresting to the advanced observer, and of interest perhaps to the general reader."
Lankester and Busk co-edited the journal until the end of 1868. Lankester continued to edit the journal with their son, Ray Lankester until the end of 1871.
Under Ray Lankester and Edwin Goodrich
After Edwin Lankester's retirement, Ray Lankester remained an editor, with co-editors including E. Klein, William Archer, Joseph Frank Payne, and W. T. Thiselton Dyer. From 1878 until 1920, they served as the sole editor, amassing a total of over fifty years as an editor of the journal. The journal flourished under their guidance, becoming one of the leading British science journals. Their successor, Edwin Stephen Goodrich, served as editor for twenty-five years, from 1920 until their death in 1946. Oxford University Press took over as publishers in 1920.
The Company of Biologists and relaunch
In 1946 or 1947, George Parker Bidder, then the owner, gave the journal to The Company of Biologists, a company they had founded in 1925 in a successful bid to rescue the failing British Journal of Experimental Biology. Initially, Oxford University Press remained the publishers on behalf of the Company of Biologists, but production was later transferred to Cambridge University Press. In 1952, The Company of Biologists became a registered charity, and full editorial control passed to the journal's editor-in-chief.
From 1946, the journal was edited jointly by Carl Pantin, an experimental zoologist and physiologist, and John Baker, a cytologist. Under the latter's influence, the journal accepted a growing number of papers in the relatively new discipline of cytology, now usually termed cell biology. After Pantin's retirement in 1960, the scope of the journal was refocused on the field of cytology, which the editors defined as "Everything that relates directly to the structure, chemical composition, physical nature, and functions of animal and plant cells, or to the techniques that are used in cytological investigations". Subsequent editors include H. G. Callan and A. V. Grimstone.
In 1966, the journal was redesigned and relaunched under the new title Journal of Cell Science, reflecting its altered scope. It continued to be published broadly quarterly until 1969, when the frequency increased to between six and nine issues per year. In the mid-to-late 1980s, to reduce publication lead times and compete more effectively with Cell (which had been launched in 1974), The Company of Biologists moved away from Cambridge University Press and set up its own in-house typesetting and printing for its journals, by then three in number, becoming pioneers in using disks from authors. Publication frequency also increased, at first to ten issues in 1987, then monthly between 1988 and 1995, finally becoming fortnightly in December 1996.
Issues from 1853 are available online via the journal website and HighWire Press as PDFs, with a text version additionally available from 2000. Content over 6 months old is freely available, and all articles are available to readers in developing countries via the Health InterNetwork Access to Research Initiative. Since 2004, authors have retained copyright of their material, licensing their contributions to the journal.
Scope and content
Journal of Cell Sciences publishes original research articles and reports, techniques and resources, reviews, and primers across the full range of topics in cell biology.
In addition to research papers and reviews, Journal of Cell Science includes critical commentaries and an occasional column, "Sticky Wickets", offering "controversial views of life-science research".
When appropriate, some articles are grouped into subject collections. Collection topics covered include:
Adhesion
Autophagy
Cell biology and disease
Cilia and flagella
Collective cell migration
ESCRT machinery
Establishing polarity
Exploring the nucleus
Imaging
Invadopodia and podosomes
Mechanotransduction
Microtubule dynamics
Mitochondria
Stem cells
Tools in cell biology
Ubiquitin
The journal operates on a continuous publication model. The final version of record is released online as soon as it is ready.
Abstracting and indexing
Journal of Cell Science is abstracted and/or indexed by:
BIOBASE
CAM abstracts
Cambridge Scientific Abstracts
Current Content
EMBASE
Clarivate Web of Science
Medline
Scopus
Journal of Cell Science is a signatory of the San Francisco Declaration on Research Assessment (DORA).
Journal management
Michael Way (Francis Crick Institute, UK) has been the editor-in-chief since 2012, when they took over from Fiona Watt.
References
External links
Delayed open access journals
Publications established in 1853
Molecular and cellular biology journals
Biweekly journals
English-language journals
The Company of Biologists academic journals
The Division of Makin is an electoral division for the Australian House of Representatives located in the northeastern suburbs of Adelaide. The 130 km² seat covers an area from Little Para River and Gould Creek in the north-east to Grand Junction Road in the south and Port Wakefield Road in the west, including the suburbs of Banksia Park, Fairview Park, Golden Grove, Greenwith, Gulfview Heights, Ingle Farm, Mawson Lakes, Modbury, Para Hills, Para Vista, Pooraka, Redwood Park, Ridgehaven, Salisbury East, Salisbury Heights, St Agnes, Surrey Downs, Tea Tree Gully, Valley View, Vista, Walkley Heights, Wynn Vale, Yatala Vale, and parts of Gepps Cross and Hope Valley.
Geography
Since 1984, federal electoral division boundaries in Australia have been determined at redistributions by a redistribution committee appointed by the Australian Electoral Commission. Redistributions occur for the boundaries of divisions in a particular state, and they occur every seven years, or sooner if a state's representation entitlement changes or when divisions of a state are malapportioned.
History
Established in the South Australian redistribution of 3 September 1984 and named after MP and diplomat Norman Makin, it was a marginal mortgage belt seat with a higher proportion of the population in the area paying off home loans. In the 2006 census, over 42 percent of the seat's electors had a home mortgage; ranking it 19th highest in Australia's 150 seats.
Created ahead of the 1984 election as a notionally fairly safe Labor seat, Labor won marginally. For the first quarter-century of its existence, the seat was a "bellwether" seat held by the party of government, both often typical of mortgage belt seats. During this time, it was usually marginal, with neither party winning more than 54 percent of the two-party vote.
Later years
Labor's Tony Zappia won the seat at the 2007 election with a fairly safe 57.7 percent two-party vote against Liberal candidate Bob Day from an 8.6 percent two-party swing as Labor won government, the largest two-party vote and swing of any party in Makin's history at the time. Zappia won enough primary votes to take the seat on the first count, the first time a candidate won a majority of the primary vote in Makin. At the 2010 election, Zappia technically made it a safe Labor seat with a 62.2 percent two-party vote, again the strongest result for any party in Makin's history. Even though Mawson Lakes was added to Makin in a redistribution, Zappia held the seat at the 2013 election with a reduced marginal 55.1 percent two-party vote even as Labor lost government, becoming the first opposition member in Makin's history. They consolidated their hold on the seat at the 2016 election with a 59.5 percent two-party vote.
Bellwether seat
ABC psephologist Antony Green listed Makin as one of eleven which they classed as "bellwether" electorates in their 2016 election guide. Notably, Makin was the only bellwether located outside of New South Wales and Queensland.
Members
Election results
See also
2016 Australian federal election
Results of the Australian federal election, 2016 (South Australia)
References
ABC profile for Makin: 2016
Poll Bludger profile for Makin: 2016
AEC profiles for Makin: 2016
Notes
External links
SA boundary map, 2001: AEC
SA boundary map, 1984: Atlas SA
Electoral divisions of Australia
Constituencies established in 1984
1984 establishments in Australia
The Ministry of Housing and Urbanism of Chile (MINVU) is an institution in charge of the planning, development and urbanization of inhabited or habitable spaces in Chile.
Its current minister is Carlos Montes.
List of representatives
References
External Link
Government ministries of Chile
Canal de la Reina is a 1972 Filipino novel written by Filipino novelist Liwayway A. Arceo. The novel exposes the social cancer in the high levels of contemporary Philippine society. The social cancer, based on the novel, is masked by the flamboyance and the pomposity of the affluent members of Filipino society.
Title and setting
The novel takes its name from the titular Estero de la Reina (sometimes called the Canal de la Reina) - one of the rivulets, known as esteros, which delineated the small islands which historically constituted the City of Manila. Estero de la Reina is a manmade estro, which was dug through the fishponds of Bindondo during Spanish times, in order to
facilitate the passage of shipped goods.
Plot
The story begins with the De Los Angeles family arriving at the matriarch's (Caridad) old home. Upon seeing the place, Junior and Leni, Caridad's children, are immediately repulsed by their surroundings and hesitantly leave the car they arrived in along with their father, Salvador, enlisting the help of a young boy to watch it for 25 centavos.
Vicenta Marcial, also known as Nyora Tentay (the term senyora is the Filipino word for the Spanish term señora, meaning "Mrs."; nyora is the condensed term for senyora), is the matriarch of the wealthy Marcial family, and is labelled the "queen of Canal de la Reina".  They are a money lender who charges high interest rates. They live with their maid, Dominga Canlas (Ingga), whom they often mistreat, making their starve, and not giving them the right salary at the right time.
Nyora Tentay has a son, Victor Marcial, who is married to Gracia. They have a son, Gerry.
Nyora Tentay buys a piece of land belonging to the De Los Angeles family, from their former caretaker, Precioso Santos (Osyong). They then uses bribery to assert their claim over the family's land.
The De Los Angeles family's lawyer, Atty. Agulto, finds out that Nyora Tentay's documents to the land at Canal dela Reina were falsified. That the family had sold to land to Osyong, then Osyong sold it to Nyora Tentay, even though it did not happen.
A flood occurs at Canal de la Reina, which damages buildings and structures. Nyora Tentay and Ingga part ways after the flood. Ingga is welcomed at the De Los Angeles' home, through the help of Junior. Caridad then finds Nyora Tentay's documents, which Ingga was able to save and bring with them Despite their resistance, Ingga was eventually convinced by Caridad to return the documents to Nyora Tentay. Victor meets Junior, who was requested by Ingga to return the documents.
Caridad was able to meet with Osyong's wife, Tisya, who explained what really happened: Nyora Tentay threatened to send them and Osyong to prison if they do not sell the land to her, and that doing such is the only way they could pay for their debts to them
Victor then convinces Nyora Tentay, who ended up in the hospital, to return the land at Canal dela Reina to its rightful owners, the De Los Angeles family, but they shun them away in the middle of their conversation and tells them they no longer wants to talk to him.
Leni passes their licensure exam and becomes a full-fledged doctor. They and Gerry get married.
The De Los Angeles family members re-visit the land at Canal de la Reina. Junior tells their parents that they see great things in store for the whole place.
See also
Ang Tundo Man May Langit Din
References
1972 novels
Books published by university presses
Novels set in the Philippines
Philippine romance novels
Political novels
Tagalog-language novels
Kimberly Norris Guerrero (née Norris; born 1967), is an American actor in film, TV, and stage; and a screenwriter. They have over two dozen screen appearances, generally playing roles of Indigenous women. Norris played Gen. Custer's Indian wife in the movie Son of the Morning Star, and guest starred in TV shows such as Walker, Texas Ranger, Longmire, Grey's Anatomy, and Seinfeld. They appeared in the well received mini-series, 500 Nations, and twice played Cherokee chief Wilma Mankiller. Norris-Guerrero is also a college professor, motivational speaker, Native American activist, and co-founder of two non-profit organizations aimed at aiding youth in Native American communities.
Early life
Norris was born in 1967 in Oklahoma to Linda Standing Cloud. After being adopted by the Norris family at the age of five months, they were raised in Idabel, Oklahoma. Them adopted parents exposed them at an early age to the Native American culture that was their heritage. Them mother, Kay Norris, ensured that they started learning native dance and song from the local Choctaw community by the age of six. As a high school student, Norris was a cheerleader, and also won the title of Miss Oklahoma Teen at the 1985 statewide pageant. They went on to win the National Teen title that year. They graduated from Idabel High School soon after, and, wanting to be close to Hollywood in order to fulfill a childhood dream of acting, attended UCLA, where they obtained a degree in History.
Entertainment career
Acting
Norris launched their entertainment career in 1988 while doing a number of character voices in the Japanese anime adventure, My Neighbor Totoro. Them acting debut came in 1991 with help from their university mentor, Professor Hanay Geiogamah, who worked as a producer for the TNT network's mini-series, Geronimo.
Early in their career, Norris appeared in the TV special, Geronimo; the soap opera As The World Turns; and the first two episodes of the mini-series, Son of the Morning Star, where they played the character Kate Bighead, Gen. George Armstrong Custer's Indian wife (a role that they claim caused them to thereafter become a niche-player in Hollywood). Norris played two different characters in the long running A&E drama, Longmire, and they were Sheriff Nina White in ABC's prime-time TV soap, Blood & Oil.  They are perhaps best known for playing the role of Winona, Jerry Seinfeld's Native American girlfriend, in "The Cigar Store Indian" episode of the NBC network series, Seinfeld. They have appeared and guest starred in many popular TV series, including: Charmed, The Sopranos, Grey's Anatomy, Bones, and Walker, Texas Ranger. They starred with Ernest Borgnine in the first offering of the Frozen Stupid TV movie franchise and again in the film, Barn Red. They played Bernice Blackburn in the first season of the Amazon Prime Video series, The Wilds (2020).
Noted film credits include a recurring role in 1995's eight part mini-series, 500 Nations, and the pivotal role of Cherokee Nation chief, Wilma Mankiller, in The Cherokee Word for Water (2013).The Thespian: Five Acts of Kimberly Norris-Guerrero; article; Feb 11, 2016; Rosenbaum, Cary; Tribal Tribune, online; retrieved June 4, 2021 Them depiction of Mankiller was praised by Chief Mankiller's friend and female activist, Gloria Steinem.
Screenwriting
Norris is widening their role in the entertainment business and has been, in addition to acting and teaching, working as a screenwriter since 2015 to help change the stereotypical depictions of Native Americans in Hollywood. This broadening of their career came about—in part—due to the treatment they received while acting as a non-credited extra in The Revenant in which they were embarrassed by the director's inaccurate depiction of historic Native Peoples as dirty and slovenly individuals. Norris-Guerrero wrote and directed the 2001 short film, Standing Cloud, which featured their niece, actor-artist Nathalie Standingcloud.
Theatre
Norris has appeared in numerous stage productions, including those at the off-Broadway Public Theater; Steppenwolf Theatre, Chicago; Royal National Theatre, London; San Diego's Old Globe; and Broadway. One of their most significant roles on stage was originating the part of the Native American housekeeper Johnna Monevata, in the initial two-year run of the Tony Award winning play, August: Osage County'', first presented by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago, on Broadway, in London and in Sydney.
Personal life
Norris is married to actor and music composer, Johnny Guerrero. They reside in Southern California. Norris-Guerrero is an associate professor at UC Riverside in the Department of Theatre, Film and Digital Production, where they also serve as the current artistic director.  They are an enrolled reservation member of the Colville Indian tribe, and also has Salish–Kootenai heritage.
 They are the sister-in-law of UCLA's former-athletic director, Dan Guerrero.
Academia career and other work
As of May 2021, Norris-Guerrero is working as the associate professor in the Department of Theatre, Film, and Digital Production at the University of California, Riverside.
Norris and husband Guerrero helped co-found the Akatubi Film and Music Academy, which was started to aid in the training of Native and non-Native youth residing in tribal communities who are interested in careers in the film and music industries. The StyleHorse Collective, designed to relate the life stories of Indigenous communities and individuals through film, music, and online production, is yet another organization co-founded by Norris. Often stating that "story is medicine," they have been a dedicated advocate helping other Native Americans find their way in and through the entertainment industry in hopes of combating the misrepresentation and underrepresentation of Native people on stage and screen. A change that they believe will ultimately help bring healing to Indigenous communities.
Awards
Norris has been a finalist for the Rockefeller New Media Fellowship, The ABC-Disney Television Writing Fellowship, and the Humanitas Award in Screenwriting.
Filmography
Film
Television
See also
List of Native American actors
References
External links
Native American actors
Native American actores
Living people
1967 births
20th-century American actores
American television actores
American web series actores
21st-century American actores
Colville people
Ktunaxa people
Patricia Halliday (9 March 1930 - 14 April 2019) was an English botanist and Illustrator who worked at Kew Gardens.
Biography
Patricia Halliday was born in East Sheen, Richmond. They started working as Assistant Scientific Office at the Herbarium, Kew Gardens in 1947, promoted to Higher Scientific Officer in 1985. They worked as a taxonomist with special interest in the Compositae and the genus Kleinia, as well as botanical illustration; they retired in 1990.
For their illustrations the Royal Horticultural Society awarded them the Grenfell Bronze Medal (1989), the Grenfell Silver-gilt Medal (1990, 1993), and the Lindley Silver-gilt Medal (1991). Them work is represented in the Hunt Botanical Library.
They also wrote humorous verse.
They died in East Sheen in 2019.
Kleinia patriciae C.Jeffrey is named for them
Selected publications
Snaily Verse (1972). Pat Halliday. The Marsland Press.
Sea-Snaily Verse et cetera (1981). Pat Halliday. The Marsland Press.
Myrsinaceae (1984). P. Halliday. Flora of Tropical East Africa. ISBN ‎ 9789061913108
The genus Kleinia (Compositae) in Arabia. (1984). P. Halliday. Kew Bulletin 39(4) 817-827
Noteworthy Species of Kleinia (1988). P. Halliday. Hooker's Icones Plantarum 39(4). Bentham-Moxon Trust. ISBN‎ 9780950487663
The Illustrated Rhododendron: Their Classification Portrayed Through the Artwork of Curtis's Botanical Magazine. (2001). Pat Halliday. Timber Press. ISBN‎ 9780881925104
References
1930 births
2019 deaths
British women botanists
Botanists active in Kew Gardens
People from East Sheen
Joy-Lance Mickels (born 29 March 1994) is a German professional footballer who plays as a winger for Azerbaijani club Sabah.
Career
Mickels started playing football at VSF Amern at the age of four and was then a part of the Borussia Mönchengladbach youth academy for eight years from 2005. In the 2012–13 season for the Borussia Mönchengladbach U19 team, Mickels, who had their best season yet with 17 goals and three assists, reached the semi-finals of the DFB Junior Cup, where they were eliminated on penalties against 1. FC Kaiserslautern. During the season, they also made their first appearance for the reserve team, Borussia Mönchengladbach II, in the fourth-tier Regionalliga, where they began playing permanently from summer 2013.
A year later, Mickels moved to Schalke 04, where they played for the reserve team, Schalke 04 II. During their two seasons there, they scored nine goals and made three assists in 43 Regionalliga games. Mickels continued their career in the Regionalliga West for the 2016–17 season at Alemannia Aachen.
In the summer of 2017, Mickels moved to Regionalliga Nordost club Wacker Nordhausen. In their first season, they became a regular starter, and with six goals and twelve assists had a large share in the club finishing runners-up. The following season, Wacker finished in third place in the league table and won the Thuringian Cup. Mickels largely missed the first half of the 2019–20 season due to a knee injury and then made two appearances for the reserve side in the NOFV-Oberliga.
After Wacker Nordhausen filed for bankruptcy and many players left the club, Mickels moved to 3. Liga club FC Carl Zeiss Jena in late January 2020, with whom they received a contract valid until the end of the season. In pre-season, they had already successfully completed a trial practice session with 2. Bundesliga club Dynamo Dresden. In various offensive positions, Mickels remained goal-less and suffered relegation with Carl Zeiss Jena to the Regionalliga; bottom of the table.
After Mickels' contract was not renewed, they were signed by the Dutch second-tier Eerste Divisie club MVV Maastricht in late August 2020 and signed a one-year contract.
Personal life
Joy-Lance's twin brother Joy-Slayd is also a professional footballer, as is their younger brother Leroy-Jacques (b. 1995). The three brothers, whose parents come from the Congo, played together at under-19 level for Borussia Mönchengladbach.
Honours
Wacker Nordhausen
Thuringian Cup: 2019
References
Living people
1994 births
Association football midfielders
German footballers
Borussia Mönchengladbach II players
FC Schalke 04 II players
Alemannia Aachen players
FSV Wacker 90 Nordhausen players
FC Carl Zeiss Jena players
MVV Maastricht players
Sabah FC (Azerbaijan) players
3. Liga players
Regionalliga players
Eerste Divisie players
Oberliga (football) players
German expatriate footballers
German expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
German expatriate sportspeople in Azerbaijan
Expatriate footballers in Azerbaijan
People from Siegburg
Sportspeople from Cologne (region)
Footballers from North Rhine-Westphalia
Valea Teilor (formerly Meidanchioi) is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Valea Teilor.
References
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Stachytarpheta indica is a species of plant in the family Verbenaceae, native to the tropical Americas. It has often been included in the species S. jamaicensis.
References
indica
Bitching may refer to:
A form of the word bitch
The album Bitchin' by the Donnas
Bitching!, an EP by We Are Scientists, for which see We Are Scientists discography
"Bitching", a song by the Stranglers on the album No More Heroes
See also
Bitchin (disambiguation)
John Kirby (1690–13 December, 1753, Ipswich) was an English land surveyor and topographer. Their book The Suffolk Traveller, first published in 1735, was the first single county road-book.
Kirby lived in Wickham Market, Suffolk and spent three years between 1732 and 1734 surveying the entire county. For part of this project they were accompanied by Nathaniel Bacon. In 1736 they published a large-scale map of Suffolk. Subscribers to this received a copy of their book as a free gift. A further large scale map was published the following year.
Life
Kirby, born in 1690 at Halesworth, Suffolk, was originally a schoolmaster at Orford in that county, and afterwards occupied a mill at Wickham Market. Kirby died on 13 Dec. 1753, at Ipswich, and was buried in the churchyard of St. Mary at Tower, Ipswich. Their portrait, by Thomas Gainsborough, R.A., was in 1868 in the possession of the Rev. Kirby Trimmer. They married in 1714 Alice Brown.
The Suffolk Traveller
In 1735 they published at Ipswich, in duodecimo, The Suffolk Traveller; or, a Journey through Suffolk, a road-book with antiquarian notices, from an actual survey which they made of the whole county in 1732, 1733, and 1734. Prefixed is a small map of the county. A new edition was published by subscription, with 'many alterations and large additions by several hands,' in 1764, 8vo, London, under the editorship of the Rev. Richard Canning, of which a reprint was issued from Woodbridge about 1800, containing some trifling additions, and a fourth edition, with additions, appeared as A Topographical . . . Description of the County of Suffolk, 8vo, Woodbridge, 1829, with Ebden's map in place of Kirby's. A Supplement to the Suffolk Traveller was published in 1844 by Augustine Page (cf. their Introduction, p. vi). In 1736 Kirby issued A Map of the County of Suffolk, illustrated with coats of arms and views. An improved edition, engraved by John Ryland, was published on a larger scale in 1766 by their sons Joshua Kirby and William Kirby.
References
Attribution
External links
https://archive.org/details/suffolktraveller00kirb
1690 births
1753 deaths
18th-century English people
English surveyors
English topographers
English male writers
People from Halesworth
People from Suffolk Coastal (district)
Doug Ammons (born March 14, 1957) is an adventurer and is best known for their kayaking expeditions. They have degrees in mathematics, physics, and a masters and PhD in psychology from University of Montana.  They are also a classical guitarist, black-belt martial artist, an author, philosopher and worked for many years as an editor for two academic journals of psychology Psychological Reports and Perceptual and Motor Skills.
Early years
Doug Ammons was born in Missoula, Montana, to Robert B. Ammons and Carol H. Ammons. They grew up surrounded by family and knowledge. Both of their parents have degrees in psychology, their father being a professor at the University of Montana. When they were in their adolescent years, their father would put together science projects for Doug and their siblings to work on, it "taught them to have open and investigative minds". Their father's assigned projects led the Ammons kids' to several places, like the backcountry of Yellowstone National Park, Coppermine on the Arctic coast, the desert of Oregon, and the Columbia River Gorge. Doug Ammons and their siblings would also hike, backpack, swim and share their experiences together thru poetry.
From an early age, Ammons was comfortable in the water; they were paddling lakes and easy local rivers in folding kayaks. They learned to conquer both its currents and depths by becoming scuba certified at the age of 12. Ammons also was a competitive swimmer, making it to nationals several times in high school and then competing in college on the varsity Grizzly team.
Kayaker
Doug Ammons was around 24 when they really started to pick up kayaking. However, they played classical guitar every chance they could before they got into kayaking. "I was looking for a different kind of music to play, and I found it in the current and flowing water," said Doug in an interview with Ben Friberg for Steep Creeks about why classical guitar playing led them to kayaking. Ammons are also very inspired by Rob Lesser paddling the Grand Canyon of the Stikine in 1981.
For over 25 years, Doug Ammons has been a world class kayaker. They have accomplished many first descents, from the western states of Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho. Ammons also has travelled to many different areas for paddling, like Mexico, the Himalayas, South America, and Canada. Doug Ammons enjoys soloing rivers. In answer to a question asked by Ben Friberg about soloing, Ammons responded saying, "The interesting thing is, I'm sure that nearly all serious paddlers solo at some point, mostly because it provides a truly rewarding sense of intimacy with a river". The rivers they solo do not consist of just class III; they solo class V, deep gorges where paddlers need to be on top of their game for a successful trip. One river in particular that Doug Ammons soloed was the Grand Canyon of the Stikine. They were part of the second descent in 1990 but then decided they would solo it two years later. Ammon comments later in an interview with the Missoulian, saying, "I tried to do the hardest thing I could conceive of, in the purest style possible". Doug's solo descent on the Stikine shows commitment and perseverance, the sports ultimate test.
Doug Ammons has turned away sponsorship offers from many kayaking companies and also declined the opportunity to have a show with ESPN on a race they founded, a big water race on the North Fork Payette River. Doug is a solid kayaker but is very humble at the same time. They believe kayaking will take paddlers to beautiful places, "but only in context." Doug Ammons states in an interview with Michael Moore from The Missoulian: "These sports like climbing and kayaking, they have this patina of greatness about them because, frankly, most people can't do them at the highest levels. But they are no greater than what others have done. They don't cure cancer. They don't feed hungry people. They don't provide clean water".
Author
Doug Ammons is a recognized author of books, essays, and articles about kayaking, philosophy of adventures sports, and Montana history. They have written articles for Rapid Magazine, Kayak Session, Canoe & Kayak Magazine, Coast Mountain Culture, and Distinctly Montana. Their books include The Laugh of the Water Nymph, Whitewater Philosophy, and, most recently, A Darkness Lit by Heroes. Ammon has given presentations about the topics featured in their books at speaking events throughout the USA and internationally in Europe.
Psychologist
Doug Ammons followed their parents' footsteps by getting their PhD in psychology. They spent many years working as an editor for the academic journals Psychological Reports and Perceptual and Motor Skills and has contributed their own research within the realm of psychology. Their parents started Ammons Scientific, an independent psychological publishing company in Missoula, Montana, in the 1940s.
Recognition/Work
In Outside Magazine, Ammons was named number seven in the top ten adventurers of the 1900s. They were recognized for running the Stikine solo. Outside even compared them to Reinhold Messner: "What Reinhold Messner did for alpinism, Ammons did for paddling". With an interview with Kriti Niemeyer for Lively Times, Doug commented about not being a fan of lists, "but it is a huge honor to be compared to Reinhold Messner".
Doug Ammons also contributed to seven documentaries about beautiful rivers; they wrote scripts for four and paddled in all seven. The movies were done for ESPN, National Geographic Channel, and Outdoor Life Network. Out of the seven documentaries, four won Emmys. Also, Doug Ammons "won an Emmy award as a cinematographer for a film shot in Bolivia." Most recently they contributed as co-writer and co-producer to an eighth documentary, Anson Fogel's Wildwater.
Doug Ammons has written two books about their view and relationship with a sport they love: The Laugh of the Water Nymph written in 2005, Whitewater Philosophy written in 2009. Ammons's forthcoming work The Stikine will capture the experience of their solo run on the Grand Canyon of the Stikine.
Personal life
Ammons currently resides in Missoula, MT with their wife Robin Ammons and their children and grandchildren.
References
University of Montana alumni
People from Missoula, Montana
1957 births
Kayakers
Living people
Fabien Cousteau (born 2 October 1967) is an aquanaut, ocean conservationist, and documentary filmmaker. As the first grandson of Jacques Cousteau, Fabien spent their early years aboard their grandfather's ships Calypso and Alcyone, and learned how to scuba dive on their fourth birthday. From 2000 to 2002, they were Explorer-at-Large for National Geographic and collaborated on a television special aimed at changing public attitudes about sharks called "Attack of the Mystery Shark". From 2003 to 2006, they produced the documentary "Mind of a Demon" that aired on CBS. With the help of a large crew, they created a 14-foot, 1,200-pound, lifelike shark submarine called "Troy" that enabled them to immerse themselves inside the shark world.
For the next four years (2006–2010), Cousteau was part of a multi-hour series for PBS called "Ocean Adventures" with their father, Jean-Michel Cousteau, and sister, Céline, which was inspired by their grandfather's 1978 PBS series, "Ocean Adventures".
In early 2009, Cousteau began working with local communities and children worldwide to help restore local water ecosystems. They continue to pursue these initiatives through the Fabien Cousteau Ocean Learning Center their non-profit 501(c)(3) founded in early 2016 dedicated to the restoration of the world's water bodies through active community engagement and education.
Early life and education
Fabien Cousteau is the grandson of famed oceanographic explorer Jacques Cousteau, and son of Jean-Michel Cousteau who assisted Jacques on most of their expeditions. Fabien was born and raised in France, although they have lived in the United States for most of their life. They have a sister, Céline Cousteau.
Fabien's first scuba dive was at age four when Jacques strapped a custom-made scuba tank to their back and sent the boy off into the Mediterranean Sea. Their interest in sharks began at a young age, about 6 or 7, and was piqued when they sneaked into a showing of the film Jaws. The film perplexed them – "It went against everything I had ever learned about sharks ... Great white sharks don't go around chopping up boats," they explained – and started them on a mission to clear up "the gross misconceptions we have about sharks".
At age seven, Cousteau accompanied their grandfather and father on the first of many sea trips aboard the Calypso and Alcyone, the ships that transported the explorers to their dive locations. They officially joined the crew at age twelve; their first job was to remove barnacles from Jacques's boats.
Fabien attended Norfolk Academy in Virginia and graduated from Boston University with a bachelor's degree in environmental economics.
Career
After school, Cousteau worked as a marketer for an American company, Seventh Generation. "I decided to start up in a different career, in which my name would not help me, just to see if I could survive", they explained. After three years, they returned to the family business, working for their father at Deep Ocean Odyssey, an exploration company founded by their grandfather. Cousteau said they did "very well" in business, "but it really left me kind of empty." They then spent time as a diving and underwater product tester while looking for a company to appoint them "explorer-in-residence".
In 2002, Cousteau went out on their own, launching their first expedition without family help: a dive where they filmed their interactions with bull sharks in the Bahamas. They spent three months filming sharks for what would become their first National Geographic Explorer special, "Attacks of the Mystery Shark". In filming, they were "shocked at how few encounters we had. We would go past a school of 50 or 60 sharks during feeding and not one paid any attention to us." The episode, which debuted on 4 August 2002, investigated a recent rise of bull shark attacks and an incident in 1916 when a shark was blamed for four deaths in New Jersey, two of them upstream in Matawan Creek. The Globe and Mail described the special: If you "get through the corny setup ... this special offers some good television." A second shark documentary followed shortly thereafter. Also in 2002, Cousteau began work on a children's book called The Prince of Atlantis and founded an online conservation organization named Planet Riders.
Troy
In 2004, they were asked to make a new shark documentary. Having already made two, they were hesitant until they remembered a Tintin cartoon story they had read as a boy. In Red Rackham's Treasure, Tintin explores the ocean while on a treasure hunt using a shark-shaped submarine. "When I thought back on that, I thought it was a really good idea", Cousteau recalled. "I wanted to film these sharks without any of the artificial stimuli". Normally, sharks' behavior is affected by the attempts to observe them, with chumming and shark cages leading to footage of aggressive, open mouthed sharks that does not represent their natural behavior.
In order to make their vision a reality, they contracted with Hollywood engineer and family friend Eddie Paul. After a year of development, "Troy", a long, submarine shaped like a great white shark, was ready for testing. Cousteau's initial attempts to drive Troy were "a disaster" as they were unable to get it to move straight. Once they mastered the steering, Troy was capable of fish-like motion. A wet sub, it was filled with water while operating. To breathe, they carried full diving equipment weighing about , which provided about 6.5 hours of air. They lay on their stomach, propped up on their elbows to operate Troy. The submarine was designed to survive a shark attack.
Sharks appeared to view Troy as another shark. They stayed about away from it, the length of an adult shark, and rolled their eyes, puffed their gills, and changed directions in response to it. These behaviors were observed only in the presence of the submarine, not with free divers, although Cousteau said they were hesitant to say it proved the sharks saw Troy as a shark. they called the experience of being surrounded by up to five great white sharks at once a "humbling experience. They're like 747s underwater ... but they are so graceful and so deceivingly calm, and very sure of themselves."
For several weeks in 2005, they navigated among the sharks near Guadalupe Island, Mexico. The resulting documentary, entitled Shark: Mind of a Demon, aired on CBS in 2006. In total, they filmed 170 hours of footage which were made available for scientific study. According to Cousteau, their crew was able to get good data on great white territorial boundaries. One night, while operating Troy, they lost contact with their support vehicles. "I ended up anchoring Troy and swimming in absolute darkness to Isla de Guadalupe", they recalled. "That was the fastest I've ever swam." On another occasion, Troy broke and got pinned at the bottom of the sea. After some tense moments, their dive team was eventually able to free Cousteau and bring them to the surface. After the project was complete, they declared "I'm done with sharks for now. There are so many [other] things I want to explore".
After sharks
From August 2005 to March 2006, Cousteau and their sister led a series of dives at the United States' 13 marine sanctuaries. The footage was turned into a two-part episode of Jean-Michel Cousteau: Ocean Adventures called "America's Underwater Treasures." Among other things, the team captured footage of goliath groupers, humpback whales, a rare giant Pacific octopus, and spawning coral. They also visited various shipwrecks including a sunken Civil War battleship, and talked to ecologists. Cousteau said the goal of the show was to "make these special places real for viewers everywhere".
The Cousteau family's PBS series "Jean-Michel Cousteau Ocean Adventures" continued on through 2009, with its expeditions spanning from the Arctic to Papua New Guinea and the Amazon and covering topics from climate change to indigenous cultures.
Mission 31
Originally scheduled for November 2013, Mission 31 was postponed to June 2014 due to a US federal government shutdown. From 1 June to 2 July, Cousteau spent 31 days underwater filming and collecting scientific data as a tribute to their grandfather. In doing so, they set the record for longest time underwater for a film crew, surpassing their grandfather's 30 days set in 1963. However, people on submarines have spent a longer period living underwater, so it was not an absolute record. They got the idea for Mission 31 when visiting the undersea laboratory Aquarius during a fundraiser aiming to keep it operating in the wake of federal budget cuts. It was their first saturation dive.
By working out of Aquarius instead of diving from the surface, Mission 31 crew members were able to scuba dive up to nine hours without surfacing or undergoing decompression. After the expedition concluded, Cousteau remarked "I didn't know how I was going to react – physically, psychologically – [but] it was amazing how much it felt like home." They estimated their team had collected the equivalent of two-year's worth of data during the mission, enough for ten scientific papers, and said they "would have loved to have continued beyond 31 days".
Proteus
Proteus is the project Fabien Cousteau is planning for a construction of a community of ocean flooring analysis stations, situated off Curaçao at a depth of about 20 m in a marine-protected area. Aquanauts could reside and work in these underwater habitats. Front-end engineering starts in 2022, with the habitat put on the sea bottom in 2025.
Personal life
Cousteau was engaged to Lisa Singer in 2016 on Klein Bonaire, a protected national marine island in Bonaire.
References
External links
Fabien Cousteau Ocean Learning Center
Mission 31 homepage
Fabien Cousteau vs Aquaman: Who's the True King of the Sea (humor)
Fabien Cousteau talks about In the Heart of the Sea
Fabien Cousteau: What I learned from spending 31 days underwater (TEDGlobal 2014)
1967 births
Living people
Aquanauts
Boston University College of Arts and Sciences alumni
Fabien
French oceanographers
French underwater divers
Film people from Paris
French emigrants to the United States
21st-century explorers
French documentary filmmakers
Explorers from Paris
People from Norfolk, Virginia
The molecular formula C6H10 (molar mass: 82.14 g/mol) may refer to:
Cyclohexene
2,3-Dimethyl-1,3-butadiene
1,3-Hexadiene
1,4-Hexadiene
1,5-Hexadiene
2,4-Hexadiene
1-Hexyne
2-Hexyne
3-Hexyne
Methylenecyclopentane
4-Methyl-1-pentyne
4-Methyl-2-pentyne
3-Methyl-1-pentyne
3,3-Dimethyl-1-butyne
Molecular formulas
Magnesium nitrate refers to inorganic compounds with the formula Mg(NO3)2(H2O)x, where x = 6, 2, and 0. All are white solids. The anhydrous material is hygroscopic, quickly forming the hexahydrate upon standing in air. All of the salts are very soluble in both water and ethanol.
Occurrence, preparation, structure
Being highly water soluble, magnesium nitrate occurs naturally only in mines and caverns as nitromagnesite (hexahydrate form).
The magnesium nitrate used in commerce is made by the reaction of nitric acid and various magnesium salts.
Use
The principal use is as a dehydrating agent in the preparation of concentrated nitric acid.
Its fertilizer grade has 10.5% nitrogen and 9.4% magnesium, so it is listed as 10.5-0-0 + 9.4% Mg. Fertilizer blends containing magnesium nitrate also have ammonium nitrate, calcium nitrate, potassium nitrate and micronutrients in most cases; these blends are used in the greenhouse and hydroponics trade.
Reactions
Magnesium nitrate reacts with alkali metal hydroxide to form the corresponding nitrate:
Mg(NO3)2 + 2 NaOH → Mg(OH)2 + 2 NaNO3.
Since magnesium nitrate has a high affinity for water, heating the hexahydrate does not result in the dehydration of the salt, but rather its decomposition into magnesium oxide, oxygen, and nitrogen oxides:
2 Mg(NO3)2 → 2 MgO + 4 NO2 + O2.
The absorption of these nitrogen oxides in water is one possible route to synthesize nitric acid. Although inefficient, this method does not require the use of any strong acid.
It is also occasionally used as a desiccant.
References
Liquid Chemistry
Nitromagnesite Mineral Data
Magnesium Nitrate MSDS
Magnesium compounds
Nitrates
Oxidizing agents
Tu or TU may refer to:
Language
Tu language
Tu (cuneiform), a cuneiform sign
tu or tú the 2nd-person singular subject pronoun in many languages; see personal pronoun
T–V distinction (from the Latin pronouns tu and vos), the use in some languages, of a different personal pronoun for formality or social distance
People and names
Tū (Tūmatauenga), a supernatural being in Māori mythology
Tu people, the Monguor people of the People's Republic of China
Tu language
Tu Holloway (born 1989), basketball player for Maccabi Rishon LeZion in the Israeli Basketball Premier League
Tu (surname) 屠, a rare Chinese family name
Du (surname) 杜 or Tu, a common Chinese family name
Music
Tú (Canadian band), a Canadian pop music duo in the late-1980s
Tu (American band), an American duo, formed by member of King Crimson
Songs
"Tu" (Umberto Tozzi song), 1978
"Tu", a song by Umberto Bindi, 1959
"Tu", a song by Ewa Farna, 2015
Other
Tu (film) Here (2003 film) or Tu, a Croatian film
Tu, a brand of clothing from Sainsbury's
Tu (cake), a type of Tibetan cake
Acronyms
Companies and organizations
TU (union), the international union for T-Mobile workers
TU Media, a Digital Multimedia Broadcasting mobile companies in Korea
Toimihenkilöunioni (Union of Salaried Employees), a Finnish trade union
Tunisair (IATA airline code TU)
Transunion, a consumer credit reporting agency
Tupolev, a Russian aerospace and defence company
Teknisk Ukeblad, a Norwegian engineering magazine
The Times Union, an Albany newspaper
New York City Teachers Union (1916–1964), commonly known as the "TU"
Trout Unlimited, conservation group
Units of measurement
TU (Time Unit), a unit of time equal to 1024 microseconds
Transmission unit, a historical unit of loss in long distance telephony
Tritium unit, a measure of tritium concentration in water
Tuberculin Units, a measure of strength of tuberculin
Universities
In the United States
Taylor University, Indiana
Temple University, Pennsylvania
Thomas University, Georgia
Touro University California, California
Touro University Nevada, Nevada
Towson University, Maryland
Trinity University, Texas
Troy University, Alabama
Tulane University, Louisiana
Tuskegee University, Alabama
University of Tulsa, Oklahoma
t.u., a derisive reference to the University of Texas at Austin by students and supporters of in-state rival Texas A&M University
In other countries
University of Tartu (Tartu Ülikool), Estonia
Any Technische Universität, i.e. university of technology in German-speaking countries
Technische Universiteit Delft, Netherlands
Technische Universiteit Eindhoven, Netherlands
Tezpur University, Assam, India
Thapar University, Patiala, India
Thammasat University, Thailand
Tianjin University, Tianjin, China
Tibet University, Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region, China
Tooling University, an American non-profit educational technology company
Tribhuvan University, Kathmandu, Nepal
Technological Universities of Myanmar
Other uses
Tren Urbano, the metro system in San Juan, Puerto Rico
Tu A Hundred, a district of Vccästmanland in Sweden
Universal Time, "Tempus Universalis"
Thulium, a chemical element with obsolete symbol Tu
Translation unit, a single cognitive unit of text
Translation unit (programming), the ultimate input to the compiler
See also
Tú (disambiguation)
UT (disambiguation)
Tuesday
The Peipsi whitefish (Coregonus maraenoides) is a freshwater whitefish of the family Salmonidae that naturally occurs in Lake Peipus on the border of Estonia and Russia, from where it also ascends to Lake Võrtsjärv to spawn. It has been introduced in Lake Burtnieks (Latvia), Gulf of Riga (Baltic Sea), many lakes of northern Russia, Poland, Germany, Netherlands, Japan, Lake Sevan (Armenia) and Balkash (Kazakhstan). It is a benthopelagic fish up to 60 cm long.
It is part of the European whitefish complex (Coregonus lavaretus sensu lato), and often not distinguished from C. lavaretus.
References
Coregonus
Taxa named by Lev Berg
Fish described in 1916
Freshwater fish of Europe
NCAA March Madness 06 is the 2005 installment in the NCAA March Madness series. Former North Carolina and current free agent Raymond Felton is featured on the cover.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack uses college band versions of licensed songs. The songs used are "Waiting" by Not Forgotten, "Still Running" by Chevelle, "Because of You" by Nickelback, "Bundy" by Animal Alpha and "Paralyzer" by Finger Eleven.
Reception
The game received "generally favorable reviews" on both platforms according to the review aggregation website Metacritic.
See also
NBA Live 06
References
External links
2005 video games
Basketball video games
EA Sports games
NCAA video games
North America-exclusive video games
PlayStation 2 games
Video games developed in Canada
Xbox games
Poussey Washington is a fictional character played by Samira Wiley on the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black.  They are a recurring character in the first two seasons and a main character during the third and fourth seasons.
Casting and background
Wiley was first told about the auditions for Orange is the New Black by a friend from Juilliard, Marco Ramirez, who was a writer for the show. After they discovered that another Juilliard friend, Danielle Brooks, had won a role in the show, Wiley asked Brooks to rehearse lines with them to prepare for their audition for the role of Poussey Washington, the on-screen best friend of Brooks' character, Tasha "Taystee" Jefferson. Wiley's audition was ultimately successful; they appeared in 12 out of 13 episodes of the series' first season and was featured throughout the second season. Orange Is the New Black is Wiley's first time as a series regular. Wiley stated that they bartended while filming the first season because they didn't know if they would continue to work with the show, mentioning a previous show that they were listed as "recurring" and not being asked to return after the second episode.
Storylines
Season One
Poussey is first seen in the second episode. However, their character is not properly mentioned until the third episode. They have been in prison for two years at the start of the series, with four years to go.  They are almost always shown with Tasha "Taystee" Jefferson (Danielle Brooks), either supporting them or messing around together. When Taystee is granted release on parole, Poussey becomes upset and agitated when they don't speak to Taystee before their release. As Taystee is being released, Poussey tries to get their attention; they catch their eye and Taystee does a little dance, which Poussey laughs at through the window. Them mother died during their second year in prison, as revealed in the twelfth episode. Poussey is a good-natured jokester and is revealed to have a good heart; when Tricia Miller (Madeline Brewer) dies, they give their friends a bottle of their prison-made toilet hooch to help them mourn their loss. When Taystee is re-incarcerated due to a parole violation, Poussey becomes visibly annoyed, but they nonetheless quickly resume their friendship.  They are revealed to have a good singing voice in the Christmas play, where they sing a rendition of "Amazing Grace" with Taystee and Cindy "Black Cindy" Hayes (Adrienne C. Moore) during a Christmas performance.
Season Two
It is implied that Poussey is romantically in love with their best friend Taystee, but the feelings are not mutual. This is explored throughout the season. Poussey is approached by Yvonne "Vee" Parker (Lorraine Toussaint) about selling their prison-made toilet hooch, Poussey rejects the idea as they prefer to share it with their friends. Vee takes this as an insult and punishes Poussey over this perceived lack of loyalty and loss of potential business by exploiting their unreciprocated romantic feelings for Taystee to isolate them from the tribe, causing a rift in their relationship. Poussey is one of the few black inmates that does not fall for Vee's manipulation tactics and they begin a campaign to fight Vee's influence and actions throughout the season. Vee uses Poussey's affection for Taystee against her, and their beef becomes violent, much so that at one point, Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren (Uzo Aduba) threatens and physically assaults them on Vee's non-verbal command, which causes Poussey deep emotional trauma. Eventually, Poussey retaliates and causes irreparable damage to Vee's tobacco business by stomping on several tins of tobacco and pouring bleach on them. Realizing that they cannot be intimidated, Vee decides to mollify them by ejecting Taystee from their gang, which they take out on Poussey. They later make up after a final confrontation in the library.
In flashbacks during the season, some of Poussey's life overseas as a military brat while their father James (Thaddeus Daniels), then a major in the United States Army stationed at United States Army Garrison Hohenfels, Germany is revealed. They were in a sexual relationship with Franziska (Nina Rausch), the daughter of their father's German superior officer Oberstleutnant Jürgen Mertensacker (Stephan Lee Anderson). Revealed to be homophobic, it is implied Jürgen used their influence to get Poussey's father reassigned outside of Germany shortly after they walked in on Poussey and their daughter having sex. The sudden reassignment devastates Poussey, and after initially telling Franziska that their relationship was casual they admit to Jürgen that they love them When Jürgen confirms to Poussey that their feelings for their daughter are the reason their father is getting reassigned they attempt to kill him, but their father stops them from pulling a gun on him.
Season Three
Poussey becomes interested in the apparent spiritual teachings of Norma Romano (Annie Golden). After their trouble with Vee and memories of their deceased mother, they become depressed and turns to alcohol. They also immerse themselves in Suzanne's sci-fi erotica book. They eventually conclude that they feel the way they do because they are lonely, without a girlfriend. In the final episode of the season, Poussey discovers Brook Soso (Kimiko Glenn) in the library after an overdose on antidepressants. She, along with Taystee and Suzanne, nurses Brook back to health. After the incident, Brook is accepted into Poussey's group of friends as one of their own. Brook and Poussey are later seen holding hands and joking around on the beach behind Litchfield, implying a budding relationship.
Season Four
Poussey becomes overjoyed when their favorite celebrity chef, Judy King (Blair Brown) is sent to Litchfield to serve their sentence for tax fraud. Judy is initially assigned to Poussey's bunk in the ghetto, but Joe Caputo (Nick Sandow) quickly removes Judy to put them in a more private area due to orders from MCC to give them special treatment because of their celebrity status. Poussey frequently gets star-struck around Judy, leaving them bemused with the impression they have an intellectual disability. At the same time, a romantic relationship between Poussey and Brook develops throughout the fourth season, though it was temporarily jeopardized when Brook told Judy an offensive and stereotypical narrative of Poussey's background to explain their seemingly odd behavior around her, to include Brook telling Judy that Poussey's mother was a drug addict. Later, Poussey and Brook realize that part of the reason this situation happened because the two do not know each other very well. They resolve to get to know each other's backgrounds.
In the penultimate episode of the fourth season, Poussey is accidentally suffocated by CO Baxter "Gerber" Bayley (Alan Aisenberg) during an initially peaceful demonstration in the cafeteria to protest Captain Desi Piscatella (Brad William Henke) and their unfair treatment of the inmates, where inmates stood on tables and demanded their resignation. When Piscatella calls additional guards for backup, Suzanne becomes upset upon seeing CO Thomas "Humps" Humphrey (Michael Torpey), and Poussey attempts to de-escalate the situation. Piscatella orders Bayley to restrain Suzanne and escort them to psych, which caused Poussey to intervene. While struggling with Suzanne, Bayley improperly restrains Poussey face down while kneeling on their back. As Suzanne continues to struggle with Bayley, they continue to put all of their weight on Poussey, who is unable to breathe and suffocates to death. Angered by the morally questionable response to events, Caputo sends Piscatella home, debriefs Bayley, and contacts MCC. It becomes apparent to Caputo, staff, and inmates, that no response plan exists to address the death of an inmate in general population; Poussey's body is left on the cafeteria floor for a day until the coroner arrives. During MCC's attempt to put the blame on Poussey for their death, it is revealed that they were in prison only as a non-violent offender; they had been convicted of trespassing and possession with intent to sell less than a half-ounce of unspecified drugs. Inmates and staff appear shaken by Poussey's death; Norma comforts Brook by rocking and singing to her, and Brook later gets drunk off the remainder of Poussey's contraband alcohol. Inmates stop by a makeshift memorial, donating food and giving their condolences. Caputo contacts their father James after being asked to do so by Taystee and is visibly upset at having to do so.
Shortly after their death, they appear in several flashbacks that took place in New York City prior to their incarceration. They ride into the city on a bus with two of their friends, who later take them to a nightclub. While taking a picture with their phone, someone steals their phone and flees. They chase the thief and gets lost after being unable to catch them, which results in them running into two people that offer to help them find their friends on the condition that they go to an alternative club with them. Following their time in the club and getting a chance to call their friends, they head towards them on the subway and then catches a ride with men dressed as monks participating in Improv Everywhere. While smoking with one of the men, Poussey reveals to them that they lost an appointment to West Point due to their actions in Germany with Franziska and their father Jürgen, and they then states that they were planning to move to Amsterdam in two weeks after they sold off the remainder of their drugs. Appearing to break the fourth wall, they are looking at the river and laughing before they turn to the camera and smiles.
Season Five
Poussey's death continues to be a central issue during the riot. Justice for them is one of the main demands Taystee is pushing for, and they reject ending the riot in negotiations when the Governor of New York is unable to offer Bayley's prosecution for Poussey's death. They appear in a flashback scene, which shows them meeting Taystee in the prison library during Taystee's first day at Litchfield and how they became friends. Them father James appears onscreen and angrily dismisses Bayley when they come to their house in an attempt to beg them for forgiveness for their death.
Season Six
Poussey continues to play an important role during the season, with Taystee bringing them up during their murder trial and to Caputo in their quest to get justice and have Bayley charged with their death.
Season Seven
Poussey appears in a flashback that takes place during the events of the first season. They were talking to Taystee on the phone while Taystee was out on parole and the two joked around with each other. In the final episode of the series, Taystee and Judy team up to start the Poussey Washington Fund, an initiative to grant women released from prison microloans to help them get back on their feet after they are released from prison.
Reception
The New Yorker television critic Emily Nussbaum mentions the online outrage and grief among viewers to their death. Nussbaum then states that Poussey's death "was an earned tragedy, resonant for reasons beyond simply “sending a message” about the Black Lives Matter movement" and that "Poussey was educated, world-travelled, and middle-class, but they died as any black inmate might, as a cipher crushed by a racist system."
Fellow cast members were reportedly outraged over series creator Jenji Kohan's decision to kill off Poussey in the fourth season. Kohan spoke about the difficulty of killing them off and the reaction of the cast, but stated that they felt it was a story that needed to be told. Wiley's costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba spoke on the impact Poussey had on the Black Lives Matter movement.
Poussey Washington Fund
Series creator Jenji Kohan partnered with several non-profit organizations and GoFundMe to start the Poussey Washington Fund, named for Wiley's character Poussey, to assist with female inmates and immigrants. Composed of eight different groups, the stated goals of the fund are to benefit "criminal justice reform, protecting immigrants' rights, ending mass incarceration and supporting women who have been affected by it." The Poussey Washington Fund was announced by Wiley during a video that appeared at Orange is the New Black's final premiere and was officially started when the seventh season debuted.
See also
List of Orange Is the New Black characters
References
Orange Is the New Black characters
Television characters introduced in 2013
Fictional criminals
Fictional lesbians
Fictional characters from North Carolina
Fictional LGBT characters in television
American female characters in television
Fictional African-American people
Fictional inmates in American federal prisons
American Furniture Warehouse (AFW) is a privately held furniture retailer headquartered in unincorporated Douglas County, Colorado. It was founded in 1975 by entrepreneur Jake Jabs in a former American Furniture Company store location at 58th Avenue and Bannock in Denver, Colorado.
References
External links
Furniture retailers of the United States
Retail companies established in 1975
1975 establishments in Colorado
Francisco Romero was a Spanish physician who became the first successful heart surgeon, on record, by performing an open pericardiostomy to treat a pericardial effusion in 1801. According to a lost, but later found, memoir belonging to Romero, they performed at least two successful open pericardial drainages with no deaths. Also according to their memoir, they performed five open drainages of pleural effusions with success, with one patient dying at 6 months. Romero is credited as the first heart surgeon, since they were the first medical doctor on record to cut into the pericardium, the lining of the heart, on a living patient with a successful outcome.
References
Aris A (1997). Francisco Romero, the first heart surgeon. Annals of Thoracic Surgery. 64(3):870-1
Spanish cardiac surgeons
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
The 1956 NCAA Baseball Tournament was played at the end of the 1956 NCAA baseball season to determine the national champion of college baseball. The tournament concluded with eight teams competing in the College World Series, a double-elimination tournament in its tenth year. Eight regional districts sent representatives to the College World Series with preliminary rounds within each district serving to determine each representative. These events would later become known as regionals. Each district had its own format for selecting teams, resulting in 24 teams participating in the tournament at the conclusion of their regular season, and in some cases, after a conference tournament. The College World Series was held in Omaha, NE from June 9 to June 14. The tenth tournament's champion was Minnesota, coached by Dick Siebert. The Most Outstanding Player was Jerry Thomas of Minnesota.
Tournament
District 1
Games played at Springfield, Massachusetts.
District 2
Games played at Allentown, Pennsylvania.
District 3
Games played at Gastonia, North Carolina.
District 4
Games played at Athens, Ohio (Ohio vs. Cincinnati and Ohio vs. Minnesota) and Minneapolis, Minnesota (Minnesota vs. Notre Dame).
District 5
Games played in Stillwater, OK.
District 6
Games played at Tucson, Arizona.
District 7
Games played at Greeley, Colorado.
District 8
Washington State (Automatic College World Series qualifier)
College World Series
Participants
Results
Bracket
Game results
Notable players
Arizona: Don Lee, Carl Thomas
Bradley:
Minnesota: Jerry Kindall
New Hampshire:
NYU:
Ole Miss: Joe Gibbon
Washington State:
Wyoming:
References
NCAA Division I Baseball Championship
NCAA Division I Baseball Championship
The Phoenix Park Tunnel is a railway tunnel in Dublin, Ireland. The tunnel was built in 1877 and begins at the Liffey Railway Bridge near Heuston Station, running underneath the Phoenix Park for 690 metres before re-emerging close to the junction of the Infirmary Road and North Circular Road. It joins with the Sligo line near Glasnevin, before continuing to Dublin Connolly.
The tunnel was originally built by the Great Southern and Western Railway company to connect Kingsbridge station to the Dublin Docklands, and primarily used for freight. Historically the line had not been used for regular passenger trains, with most traffic through the tunnel being freight or carriages and engines shunted between Connolly and Heuston for maintenance. It had occasionally been used for special passenger services, including traffic for major Gaelic Athletic Association fixtures.
It reopened on 21 November 2016 for regular passenger traffic. As of late 2018, this traffic was predominantly weekday services.
References
Railway tunnels in the Republic of Ireland
Phoenix Park
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 104 (P. Oxy. 104 or P. Oxy. I 104) is a will, written in Greek and discovered in Oxyrhynchus. The manuscript was written on papyrus in the form of a sheet. The document was written on 26 December 96. Currently it is housed in the Cambridge University Library (Add. Ms. 4042).
Description
The document contains the will of Soëris, daughter of Harpocras, executed in the 16th year of Domitian. They leaf their house and its contents to their son Areotes or their heirs, with the condition that their husband Atreus be allowed to live in it and to receive from Areotes 48 drachmae per year until the payments reach a total of 300 drachmae. Soëris owed this money to Atreus. On the death of Atreus, Areotes was to pay 40 drachmae to their sister Tnepheros and to provide a home for them in the event of a separation from their husband. The measurements of the fragment are 170 by 163 mm.
It was discovered by Grenfell and Hunt in 1897 in Oxyrhynchus. The text was published by Grenfell and Hunt in 1898.
See also
Oxyrhynchus Papyri
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 103
Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 105
References
104
1st-century manuscripts
Manuscripts in Cambridge
The Shrine of Nostra Signora della Guardia ("Our Lady of the Watch") is a Roman Catholic place of pilgrimage located on the top of Monte Figogna (804 m asl) in the Municipality of Ceranesi, about from the city of Genoa, in the northwest of Italy.
It is the most important Marian shrine in Liguria.
The name “Guardia” in Italian means “watch”, and the shrine is so called because in the Middle Ages Mount Figogna was a strategic observation station for monitoring the movement of armies along the Valpolcevera and of ships on the sea in the approaches to Genoa. From the pavement in front of the shrine, on a clear day, it is possible to look over all the Polcevera valley below, part of the city of Genoa, and the Ligurian Riviera. On a very clear day, mainly in winter, the skyline of the mountains of the French island of Corsica can also be seen.
The shrine is the destination of pilgrims from Genoa and from and all over Italy. The cult has been spread throughout Italy and far beyond, so that many churches and shrines have been dedicated to Nostra Signora della Guardia.
History
According to tradition, on August 29, 1490, the Virgin Mary appeared to a peasant called Benedetto Pareto and asked them to build a chapel on the mountain. Pareto was surprised and replied that they were only a poor man and would not be able to do that. But the Virgin Mary exhorted them by saying “Do not be afraid!”
Nevertheless, Pareto went home and did not tell anyone about the apparition. A few days later, they fell from a tree and was seriously injured. The Virgin Mary appeared to them again and they were miraculously healed. The event convinced them to speak about the apparition and to seek help to build the chapel.
The first chapel
According to tradition, the first chapel was built by Pareto themselves at the site of the apparition. It is a small rectangular building with a wooden roof, now inside the new chapel. Within a niche is a marble Madonna dated 1530.
The shrine
Due to the increasing flow of pilgrims, a new shrine was built on the top of the mountain between 1528 and 1530, thanks to a donation of the noble Ghersi family. Near the shrine a hospice for the pilgrims was also built, and this was rebuilt at the end of the 18th century. In the second half of the 19th century, a new shrine was built. There were both technical and financial setbacks, but the church was completed in 1889 and inaugurated on May 26, 1890.
In the following years, the number of pilgrims continued to grow, and in 1903 the old church was demolished to make room for a new hospice and guesthouse for the pilgrims.
On March 11, 1915, the Genoese Pope Benedict XV gave the church the title of Basilica. Then, in 1917, Benedict built a small temple in the gardens of the Vatican City where a statue of Our Lady of the Watch (given to the Pope by the Genoese people) was enshrined.
In 1929 in Ceranesi, a railway line (known as the “Autoguidovia”) was constructed, which allowed pilgrims to reach the shrine from the bottom of the valley. Before this the only way up was on foot. In 1963, a new road for vehicles was built (provincial road No 52 from Bolzaneto, long), and in 1967 the “Autoguidovia” was considered to not be economical and was closed.
On September 22, 1985, the shrine was visited by Pope John Paul II, and on May 18, 2008, by Pope Benedict XVI.
Pope Francis while visiting Genoa on May 27, 2017, visited also the shrine, and here they had lunch with a group of poor people, inmates and refugees.
Structure of the basilica
The new church was designed by Guglielmo Calmieri. It has a Latin cross shape with three aisles. The main aisle is painted with frescoes (1963) by the Genoese painter Antonio Santagata (1888-1985) with scenes of the life of the Virgin Mary. The frescoes in the dome, painted by the Lombard painter Pasquale Arzuffi (1897-1965), represent Mary surrounded by the Republic of Genoa patron saints.
In the church are also other statues representing the Virgin Mary and saints (St. John the Baptist, St. Joseph, St. Eusebius) and on the left of the high altar, a black procession crucifix.
A door in the left aisle leads to the hall of offerings, where hundreds of paintings, photos and objects have been left by people to express their gratitude to the Virgin Mary for having been curing or protecting them from illnesses, accidents, wars and shipwrecks.
See also
Roman Catholic Marian churches
References
External links
Shrine of N.S. della Guardia Official Website
History of the shrine
Speech of Pope John Paul II when they visited the shrine in 1985
Hiking routes leading to the Shrine
Article about “Autoguidovia"
Churches in the province of Genoa
Shrine of N.S. della Guardia
Catholic pilgrimage sites
Guardia
Minor basilicas in Liguria
Robert William Elliott, Baron Elliott of Morpeth, (11 December 1920 – 20 May 2011) was a British Conservative politician.
Their father, Richard Elliott, was a former councillor and mayor of Morpeth.
They were the Conservative Party candidate in the 1954 Morpeth by-election and again for the same constituency in the 1955 General Election, losing on both occasions by over 14,000 votes to the Labour candidate.
They were elected as Member of Parliament for Newcastle upon Tyne North at a by-election in 1957, and held the seat until their retirement at the 1983 general election.
From 1958 Elliott was a Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS), serving until 1964, when they were appointed an opposition whip, and became a government whip when the Conservatives regained power in 1970.
Elliott was a Vice-Chairman of Conservative Party from 1970 to 1974. They were knighted in 1974, and became a Deputy Lieutenant of Northumberland in 1982.
On 16 May 1985, they were created a life peer as Baron Elliott of Morpeth, of Morpeth in the County of Northumberland and of the City of Newcastle upon Tyne and took their seat in the House of Lords, where they were Deputy Speaker from 1992 to 2002 and Deputy Chair of Committees from 1997 to 2002.
Arms
References
External links
1920 births
2011 deaths
People from Morpeth, Northumberland
Conservative Party (UK) life peers
Knights Bachelor
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
Deputy Lieutenants of Northumberland
Roger D. Peng is an author and professor of Biostatistics at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. Peng originally received a Bachelor of Science in Applied Mathematics from Yale University in 1999, before going on to study at the University of California, Los Angeles, where they completed a Master of Science in Statistics in 2001 and a PhD in Statistics in 2003. The focus of their research has been on environmental health, specifically focusing on air pollution and climate change in their research. Peng is also a software engineer who has authored numerous R packages focused on applying statistical methods necessary for a variety of topics. They have also created numerous resources including books, online courses, podcasts, blogs, and other articles to aid those learning data analysis.
Career
Peng has written or contributed to ten different books, including R Programming for Data Science, which lays the foundation for using the R programming language. He, along with Jeff Leek and Rafa Irizarry, actively contribute to Simply Statistics, a website containing courses, articles, interviews, blog posts, and other materials for statisticians and those interested in data focused on various biostatistics topics. Peng and Leek join Brian Caffo as co-creators of the Data Science Specialization massive open online course (MOOC) offered through Johns Hopkins University, which is a collection of courses geared towards individuals seeking to develop skills in data science and data analysis.
Peng is the co-host with Hilary Parker of the data science podcast Not So Standard Deviations. Parker and Peng also have co-authored Conversations on Data Science, which compiles many of the topics covered on their podcast, as well as other discussions related to data science. Peng actively contributes journal articles to several publications, most commonly related to providing evidence to the prevalence of air pollution. They have written on the importance of creating reproducible research and the practice of using various statistical methods.
Awards
Peng's work in biostatistics, especially related to environmental health, has led to numerous awards. In 2016, Peng received the American Public Health Association Mortimer Spiegelman Award to honor their contributions to public health statistics, given to a member under the age of 40. Additionally, Peng has received several awards for their publications, including multiple honors for NIEHS Extramural Paper of the Month. In 2017, Peng was elected a Fellow of the American Statistical Association.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American statisticians
Biostatisticians
Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health faculty
University of California, Los Angeles alumni
Yale University alumni
Fellows of the American Statistical Association
R (programming language) people
"Earth Has Many a Noble City" (Latin: "O sola magnarum urbium") is a Christian Epiphany hymn originally written by the Roman poet Aurelius Clemens Prudentius and translated by the English clergyman Edward Caswall in 1849.
History
Aurelius Clemens Prudentius was a provincial Roman governor for the Roman Emperor Theodosius I in Hispania Tarraconensis (modern-day Spain). In 405 AD, they published a number of Latin Christian prayers and hymns in their Liber Cathemerinon book which included "O sola magnarum urbium" which would become "Earth Has Many a Noble City".
Edward Caswall was an English clergyman who had converted from the Church of England to the Roman Catholic Church in 1847. Shortly after their conversion, they were inspired by the translation of Latin hymns into English by Cardinal John Newman. In 1849, they published Lyra Catholica featuring a number of Latin hymns that they had translated into English, including "Earth Has Many a Noble City".
The hymn later received several amendments and variations from its original translation. In 1861, Caswall themselves re-translated the hymn to compose "Bethlehem! of the noblest cities". However, hymnologists have debated whether "Earth Has Many a Noble City" was Caswall's original translation with the hymns of "Bethlehem! Of The Noblest Cities" or "Bethlehem, Not the Least of All Cities" being posited as possible alternative translations.
Lyrics
The English translation of the hymn focuses on Epiphany with the biblical Magi following the Star of Bethlehem to the Baby Jesus and their offering of gifts of gold, frankincense, and myrrh. The hymn is commonly set to "Stuttgart", using the same tune as sometimes used by the Advent carol "Come, Thou Long Expected Jesus" although "Cross of Jesus" is the more usual melody for the latter.
References
Christmas carols
Latin-language Christian hymns
Epiphany music
John Hnatyshyn ( ; , ; January 20, 1907 in – May 2, 1967) was a Ukrainian Canadian lawyer, Senator and father of Ray Hnatyshyn, the twenty-fourth governor general of Canada.
Early life and career
Born in the mostly Ukrainian northern part of the Austro-Hungarian Duchy of Bukovina, the son of Michael and Anna, Hnatyshyn came to Canada when they were two months old. Raised on a farm near Canora, Saskatchewan, they received a Bachelor of Arts degree in 1930 and a Bachelor of Law degree in 1932 from the University of Saskatchewan. They were called to the Saskatchewan bar in 1933 and practised law in Saskatoon, co-founding the firm of Kyle, Ferguson and Hnatyshyn in 1942 and becoming Queen's Counsel in 1957.
While attending university in Saskatoon, they resided at the Petro Mohyla Ukrainian Institute, where they met Helen Pitts. They married in 1931 and had four children: Ramon, Victor, David and Elizabeth.
Politics
In the 1935, 1940 and 1945 federal elections, they tried unsuccessfully to get elected to the House of Commons of Canada as a Conservative candidate for the riding of Yorkton. They also ran unsuccessfully for the provincial legislature as a Progressive Conservative candidate for Saskatoon City in 1952.
In 1959, they were appointed by John Diefenbaker to the Senate representing the senatorial division of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, becoming Canada's first Ukrainian-born senator. They died in office in 1967.
Notes
References
External links
1907 births
1967 deaths
Canadian people of Ukrainian descent
Canadian senators from Saskatchewan
Conservative Party of Canada (1867–1942) candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada candidates for the Canadian House of Commons
Candidates in the 1945 Canadian federal election
Progressive Conservative Party of Canada senators
People from Canora, Saskatchewan
University of Saskatchewan College of Law alumni
Canadian Queen's Counsel
{{Infobox television
| image = Una muchacha llamada Milagros.jpg
| num_episodes = 229
| genre = TelenovelaRomance
| creator = Delia Fiallo
| starring = Rebeca GonzalezJosé BardinaJosé Luis Rodríguez
| opentheme = "Una muchacha llamada Milagros" by Rudy Márquez
| language = Spanish
| country = Venezuela
| runtime =
| company = Venevisión
| distributor =
| channel = Venevisión
| first_aired =
| last_aired =
| executive_producer = José Enrique Crousillat
| director = Orangel Delfin
| preceded_by = La otra
| followed_by = La señorita Elena
| related = Mi amada Beatriz (1987)Cuidado con el ángel (2008)Tóc Rối (2019)
}}Una muchacha llamada Milagros'' () is a Venezuelan telenovela written by Delia Fiallo and produced by Venevisión in 1974.
Rebeca Gonzalez and José Bardina starred as the main protagonists with Ivonne Attas and Haydee Balza as antagonists.
Plot
Juan Miguel Saldivar is a prestigious psychiatrist who has dedicated their time to the rehabilitation of young rebels and criminals. This serves as a distraction from their failing marriage to their wife Viviana and a rape they committed during their youth while they were drunk. But fate will bring them face to face with Milagros, the girl whom they raped several years prior, though Milagros does not remember him. In order to assist with their rehabilitation, Juan Miguel takes Milagros to the house of Judge Clemente Ruiz, a very strict man. Cecilia, the judge's wife, welcomes Milagros with open arms, but they receive a cold welcome from their daughter Monica.
While on a trip overseas, Viviana, Dr. Saldivar's wife, is involved in a terrible accident and they are reported to be dead. Seeing the perfect opportunity, Monica, who has been secretly in love with Juan Miguel, plans on seducing them so that they can marry her, but they discover that Juan Miguel is in love with Milagros. They accuse Milagros of theft, and in order to save her, Juan Miguel proposes to Milagros. But fate intervenes when on their wedding night, Milagros realizes that the man they married is the same one who raped their years earlier.
Cast
References
External links
1973 telenovelas
Venevisión telenovelas
Venezuelan telenovelas
1973 Venezuelan television series debuts
1974 Venezuelan television series endings
Spanish-language telenovelas
Television shows set in Venezuela
The Esterhazy Madonna is an oil-on-canvas painting by Raphael, created c. 1508, held at the Museum of Fine Arts in Budapest, in Hungary. It was stolen on the night of 5 November 1983, along with other works by Raphael, Giorgione, Tintoretto and Tiepolo. All the works, including this one, were recovered by the Italian Carabinieri in an abandoned Greek convent near Aigio.
See also
List of paintings by Raphael
Operation Budapest
Bibliography
Comando Carabinieri - TPC, Anno Operativo 2001, Edizioni De Luca, Roma 2001
References
External links
1508 paintings
Paintings of the Madonna and Child by Raphael
Paintings in the collection of the Museum of Fine Arts (Budapest)
Nude art
Marijuana, or marihuana, is a name for the cannabis plant and more specifically a drug preparation from it. "Marijuana" as a term varies in usage, definition and legal application around the world. Some jurisdictions define "marijuana" as the whole cannabis plant or any part of it, while others refer to "marijuana" as a portion of the cannabis plant that contains high levels of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). Some jurisdictions recognize "marijuana" as a distinctive strain of cannabis, the other being hemp. For legal, research and statistical reference, "marijuana" generally refers to only the dried leaves and flowering tops (herbal cannabis), with by-products such as hashish or hash oil being uniquely defined and regulated. The form "marihuana" is first attested in Mexican Spanish; it then spread to other varieties of Spanish and to English, French, and other languages.
Etymology
The term, originally spelled variously as "marihuana", "mariguana", etc., originated in Mexican Spanish.
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the term may come from the Nahuatl mallihuan, meaning "prisoner". Author Martin Booth notes that this etymology was popularized by Harry J. Anslinger in the 1930s, during their campaigns against the drug. However, linguist Jason D. Haugen finds no semantic basis for a connection to mallihuan, suggesting that the phonetic similarity may be "a case of accidental homophony". Cannabis is not known to have been present in the Americas before Spanish contact, making an indigenous word an unlikely source.
Other suggestions trace the possible origins of the word to Chinese ma ren hua (麻仁花, lit. 'hemp seed flower'), possibly itself originating as a loan from an earlier semitic root *mrj "hemp". The Semitic root is also found in the Spanish word mejorana and in English marjoram ('oregano'), which could be related to the word marihuana. This is also known in Mexico as "Chinese oregano".
Additionally, traditional association with the personal name María Juana ('Mary Jane') is probably a folk etymology. The original Mexican Spanish used forms with the letter (marihuana), and is famously used in the Mexican Revolutionary era (1910-1920) version of the lyrics of La Cucaracha. Forms using the letter (marijuana) seem to be an innovation of English, and their later appearance in French and Spanish are probably due to English influence.
"The origin of the word “marijuana” foreshadowed its current use. Historically, the earliest and most numerous group of users in the Americas were slaves from western Central Africa (modern Gabon to Angola). Their words for cannabis are now used in nearly all the places they (involuntarily) ended up during the 1700s and 1800s, which includes West Africa, the Caribbean and South America. Most notably, in Central America, the Kimbundu (Angolan) word mariamba became the Spanish word marihuana." Hence, “mariamba” is where the word “marijuana” comes from. The word “marijuana” as we know it today didn't appear until 1846 in Farmacopea Mexicana, though it was spelled “mariguana.” In most following instances, the word was spelled marihuana.
English use
Early use of the term marijuana
The word entered English usage in the late 19th century. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the first known appearance of a form of the word in English is in Hubert Howe Bancroft's 1873 The Native Races of the Pacific States of North America. Other early variants include "mariguan" (1894), "marihuma" first recorded in 1905, "marihuano" in 1912, and "marahuana" in 1914. According to the second edition of Webster's New International Dictionary, the word originally denoted a species of wild tobacco, Nicotiana glauca.
The use of "marihuana" in American English increased dramatically in the 1930s, when it was preferred as an exotic-sounding alternative name during debates on the drug's use. It has been suggested that in the United States the word was promoted by opponents of the drug, who wanted to stigmatize it with a "foreign-sounding name". According to Lizzie Post, the word "marijuana" is deprecated because "in the early 1900s, the term marijuana was purposely used to negatively associate it with the Latino community." The word was codified into law and became part of common American English with the passing of the Marihuana Tax Act of 1937.
Contemporary pop culture and counterculture use
From the portrayal in the media of marijuana use by the hippie subculture in the 1960s, the word became associated with revolutionary youth. By 1975, reggae artist Peter Tosh defended the use of marijuana in the song "Legalize It". Since then, the word has been associated with the stoner comedy genre, beginning in mainstream films in 1978 with Up In Smoke and other media including the New York Off-Broadway show The Marijuana-Logues.
Academic use
Many legal references prefer the term "cannabis", for instance in the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. However, many laws and regulations often use the term "marihuana" or "marijuana", for instance the Controlled Substances Act in the United States. Cannabis reform organizations, such as the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws and Marijuana Policy Project, alongside political organizations like Help End Marijuana Prohibition Party of Australia and the Marijuana Party of Canada, also use this term.
See also
Cannabis (etymology)
List of names for cannabis
References
External links
The Mysterious Origins of the Word 'Marijuana', Alan Piper, Sino-Platonic Papers 153, 2005.
Cannabis
Cannabis culture
Etymologies
English words
Lincoln High School Academy of Governance and Social Sciences (or simply Lincoln High School) is a four-year public high school located in Jersey City, in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States, operated as part of the Jersey City Public Schools, serving students in ninth through twelfth grade. The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Elementary and Secondary Schools since 1928.
As of the 2020–21 school year, the school had an enrollment of 880 students and 56.0 classroom teachers (on an FTE basis), for a student–teacher ratio of 15.7:1. There were 550 students (62.5% of enrollment) eligible for free lunch and 13 (1.5% of students) eligible for reduced-cost lunch.
Awards, recognition and rankings
The school was the 328th-ranked public high school in New Jersey out of 339 schools statewide in New Jersey Monthly magazine's September 2014 cover story on the state's "Top Public High Schools", using a new ranking methodology. The school had been ranked 294th in the state of 328 schools in 2012, after being ranked 305th in 2010 out of 322 schools listed. The magazine ranked the school 291st in 2008 out of 316 schools. The school was ranked 279th in the magazine's September 2006 issue, which surveyed 316 schools across the state.
Schooldigger.com ranked the school 342nd out of 409 public high schools statewide in its 2014 rankings that were based on the combined percentage of students classified as proficient or above proficient on the language arts literacy and mathematics components of the High School Proficiency Assessment (HSPA).
History
The original Lincoln High School opened in 1913, with an inaugural student body of 300 on a site acquired from the Hasbrouck Institute, a private school. The city's second public high school, it was intended to address the growth in enrollment at present-day William L. Dickinson High School. In January 1916, the school graduated its first class of 32 students. In 1934, the school had an enrollment of 5,000 students, making it the second largest in the state.
Lincoln is located at 60 Crescent Avenue south of Journal Square in Bergen Hill, on the site of a mansion that had been owned by George Theodore Werts, who served as Governor of New Jersey from 1893–1896.
Academics
Lincoln High School hosts a number of SLC programs that pertain to the interest of the students. For example, the magnet programs include Culinary Arts, Cosmetology, JROTC, Teaching, and Law and Legal Studies.
Athletics
The Lincoln High School Lions compete in the Hudson County Interscholastic League, which is comprised of public and private high schools in Hudson County. The league operates under the supervision of the New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association (NJSIAA). With 493 students in grades 10-12, the school was classified by the NJSIAA for the 2019–20 school year as Group II for most athletic competition purposes, which included schools with an enrollment of 486 to 758 students in that grade range. The football team competes in the National Red division of the North Jersey Super Football Conference, which includes 112 schools competing in 20 divisions, making it the nation's biggest football-only high school sports league. The school was classified by the NJSIAA as Group II South for football for 2018–2020.
The boys track team won the public school indoor track state championship in 1940 and 1948, won the Group II title in 1969 and won the Group III title in 1970, 1971 (as co-champion), 1974; the program's seven state title are ranked ninth in the state. The girls team was the all-group co-champion in 1979.
The boys track team won the Group IV spring track state championship in 1941 and won the Group II title in 1970.
The boys track team won the Group III indoor relay championships in 1967, 1968 and 1969, won in the combined Group I/II in 1970 and 1974, and won in Group III in 1976. The six state championships are tied for seventh-most among the state's high schools.
The 1981 football team finished the season with a 9-2 record after winning the NJSIAA North I Group III state sectional title with a 22-14 victory against Lakeland Regional High School in the championship game. In 2009 the Lions finished the season at 8–2, losing in the first round of the NJSIAA North II Group I state playoffs. In 2010, the Lions built on their wave of success, going 7-2 during the regular season, the Lions went back to the playoffs. Their regular season highlight was erasing an 18–0 deficit to Hoboken High School to win 42–18. In the 2010 NJSIAA North II Group I playoffs, the Lions defeated Glen Ridge High School 36–19, and Jonathan Dayton High School 42-14 all on the road to advance to the North II Group I sectional championship game against New Providence High School, losing by a score of 21–8 at New Meadowlands Stadium. The Lions went on to the NJSIAA state championship final losing by a score 36-28 vs. Mountain Lakes High School in 2014 in the North II Group II final and lost 28-26 vs. Raritan High School in 2015 on a touchdown scored with seconds left in the Central Jersey Group II finals. Lincoln Lions head coach is Robert Hampton.
The boys' basketball team won the North I, Group III state sectional championship in 2002 with a 50–41 win against Sparta High School in the tournament final. The 2006 - 2007 boy's varsity basketball team claimed the HCIAA championship over now defunct Union Hill High School, 50 - 46. The 2008 team won the North II, Group II state sectional title with a 61–58 win over Orange High School in the tournament final. In 2008, the basketball team went on to win the school's first Group II state title with an 88–70 victory against Collingswood High School.
The girls basketball team won the North II Group II sectional championship in 2019, becoming the first public school team for Jersey City to win a sectional title, with a 43-41 win over Secaucus High School. The girls basketball team was declared as the North II regional champion in 2020, after the finals were cancelled due to COVID.
Administration
Core members of the school's administration include:
Chris Gadsden, Principal
Wendy Ronquillo, Vice Principal
Natasha Walker, Vice Principal
Notable alumni
Doris Jean Austin (1949–1994), writer
Joe Budden (born 1980), recording artist.
Robert Burns (1926–2016), politician who served two terms in the New Jersey General Assembly from the 38th Legislative District.
Kathleen Collins (1942–1988, class of 1959), poet, playwright, writer, filmmaker, director, civil rights activist and educator.
Frank Darby (born 1997), American football wide receiver for the Atlanta Falcons.
Florence S. Gaynor (1920–1993), first black woman to head a major teaching hospital in the United States.
Anthony Green (born 1977, class of 1995), former NFL fullback who played for the Seattle Seahawks and New York Giants.
Frank Joseph Guarini (born 1924, class of 1942), represented New Jersey's 14th congressional district from 1979–1993.
Valerie Harper (1939–2019), actor best known for their role as Rhoda Morgenstern on The Mary Tyler Moore Show and its spinoff Rhoda.
Johnny Macknowski (born 1923), NBA player for the Syracuse Nationals.
Demie Mainieri (1928–2019), college baseball head coach who was the first junior college coach to win 1,000 career games.
Charles Mays (1941–2005), Olympic athlete competed in the long jump at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City and politician who represented the 31st Legislative District in the New Jersey General Assembly.
Brandon McGowan (born 1983), safety who played in the NFL for the New England Patriots.
Phyllis Newman (born 1933), actor.
Bernie Parmalee (born 1967), former professional football running back who played in the NFL for the Miami Dolphins and New York Jets.
Philip Van Doren Stern (1900–1984), author, editor, and Civil War historian whose story The Greatest Gift, published in 1943, inspired the classic Christmas film It's a Wonderful Life (1946).
Aron Stewart (born 1950), former basketball player.
George Tardiff (1936–2012), football head coach at Benedictine College and Washburn University.
Joseph W. Tumulty (1914–1996), attorney and politician who represented the 32nd Legislative District for a single four-year term in the New Jersey Senate.
Elnardo Webster (1948–2022), professional basketball player who played in the American Basketball Association for the New York Nets and Memphis Pros during the 1971–1972 season.
References
External links
Lincoln High School
Jersey City Public Schools
School Data for the Jersey City Public Schools, National Center for Education Statistics
1913 establishments in New Jersey
Educational institutions established in 1913
High schools in Jersey City, New Jersey
Middle States Commission on Secondary Schools
Public high schools in Hudson County, New Jersey
Lycia et Pamphylia was the name of a province of the Roman empire, located in southern Anatolia. It was created by the emperor Vespasian (69–79), who merged Lycia and Pamphylia into a single administrative unit. In 43 AD, the emperor Claudius had annexed Lycia. Pamphylia had been a part of the province of Galatia.
The borders drawn by Vespasian ran west of the River Indus (which flowed from its upper valley in Caria) from the Pisidian plateau up to Lake Ascanius (Burdur Gölü), to the south of Apamea. In the north and east it formed a line which followed the shores of the lakes Limna (Hoyran Gölü) and Caralis (Beyşehir Gölü), turned south towards the Gulf of Adalla (mare Pamphylium) and followed the Taurus Mountains (Toros Dağları) for some ten miles towards east up to Isauria. It then followed Cilicia Trachea to reach the sea to the west of Iotape. The borders were drawn taking into account geographical and economic factors. The whole of the basins of the rivers Xanthus, Cestrus (Ak Su) and Eurymedon (Köprü Irmak) were included. The main cities were at the mouth of the latter two rivers. In Pisidia and in Pamphylia they were in part followed by the few roads into the interior of Anatolia. The most important one was the road from Attalea (Antalya) to Apamea. In Lycia the road from Patara towards Laodicea on the Lycus followed the coast. Important cities were Side, Ptolemais, Gagae and Myra on the coast, Seleucia, inland and Cremna, Colbhasa and Comama, on the Pisidian Plateau, where Augustus had founded Roman colonies (settlements). On the Milyas plateau there were Oenoanda, Tlos, Nisa, Podalia, Termessus, and Trebenna. Other important cities in Lycia include Pednelissus, Ariassus, and Sagalassus; along the Eurymedon, Aspendus and Perge, which had a sanctuary of Artemis. The most important city in the region was Patara, at the mouth of the Xanthus.
Under the administrative reforms of emperor Diocletian (reigned AD 284–305), who doubled the number of Roman provinces by reducing their size, Lycia et Pamphylia was split into two separate provinces. The provinces were grouped into twelve dioceses which were under the four Praetorian prefectures of the empire. Lycia and Pamphylia were under of Diocese of Asia (Dioecesis Asiana), of the Praetorian Prefecture of Oriens (the East).
Governors
(List based on Rémy Bernard, Les carrières sénatoriales dans les provinces romaines d'Anatolie au Haut-Empire (31 av. J.-C. - 284 ap. J.-C.) (Istanbul: Institut Français d'Études Anatoliennes-Georges Dumézil, 1989), pp. 279-329)
Imperial legates
Quintus Veranius (AD 43–48)
M. Calpurnius Rufus (48-53)
Titus Clodius Eprius Marcellus (53-56)
Gaius Licinius Mucianus (c. 60)
Sextus Marcius Priscus (67-70)
Marcus Hirrius Fronto Neratius Pansa (70-72)
Gnaeus Avidius Celer Fiscillinus Firmus (72-74)
Lucius Luscius Ocrea (74-76)
Marcus Petronius Umbrinus (76-78)
Titus Aurelius Quietus (78-81)
Gaius Caristanius Fronto (81-84)
Publius Baebius Italicus (84-87)
Gaius Antius Aulus Iulius Quadratus (c. 90–93)
Lucius Domitius Apollinaris (c. 93–96)
Lucius Julius Marinus Caecilius Simplex (96-99)
Gaius Trebonius Proculus Mettius Modestus (99-103)
Quintus Pompeius Falco (103-105)
Lucius Julius Frugi (113-115)
Gaius Trebius Maximus (115-117)
Titus Pomponius Antistianus Funisulanus Vettonianus (117-119 or 120)
Gaius Valerius Severus (120-122 or 121–123)
Marcus Flavius Aper (c. 125–128)
Publius Sufenas Verus (128?-131?)
?Mettius Modestus (130-133)
[Domiti]us Seneca (133-135 or 136)
Titus Calestrius Tiro Julius Maternus (135 or 136–138)
Gnaeus Arrius Cornelius Proculus (138-140)
Julius Aqui[linus] (140-142)
Decimus Junius Paetus (?142-?144)
Quintus Voconius Saxa Fidus (?143-147)
Gaius Julius Avitus (?147-?149)
Decimus Ruplius Severus (149-151)
Julius Proculus (attested September 152)
Gaius Septimius Severus (c. 154 and 159)
Senatorial praetorian proconsuls
Publius Vigellius Saturninus (c. 162–164)
Sal[...] (between 162 and 167)
Tiberius Julius Frugi (c. 167/168)
Licinius Priscus (attested 23 March 178)
Gaius Julius Saturninus (?178/179)
M.? Claudius Cassius Apronianus (?179/180)
Marcus Gavius Crispus Numisius Junior (c. 182–184)
Marcus Umbrius Primus (c. 185)
Gaius Pomponius Bassus Terentianus (186?/187?)
Titus Flavius Carminius Athenagoras Claudianus (during reign of Commodus)
Sulpicius Justus (between 193 and 200)
Gnaeus Pomepeius Hermippus Aelianus (between 180 and 212)
Julius Tarius Titianus (around 202 and 205)
Gaius Porcius Priscus Longinus (reign of Caracalla?)
Titus Flavius Philinus (c. 225–230)
Quintus Ranius Terentius Honoratianus Festus (reign of Alexander Severus)
Tiberius Pollenius Armenius Peregrinus (242/243)
[...] Julianus Sura Magnus (c. 245)
Ae(lius)? Pollio (249-251)
Publius Julius Aemilius Aquila (between 253 and 276)
Equestrian procurators
Terentius Marcianus (reign of Probus)
Flavius Areianus Alypius (reign of Probus)
Notes
References
Fatih Onur (2008). "Two Procuratorian Inscriptions from Perge". Gephyra 5: 53–66.
Jones, A. H. M., The Cities of the Eastern Roman Provinces, Oxford University Press academic monograph reprints, 1998;
Şahin, Sencer Mustafa Adak (2007). Stadiasmus Patarensis. Likya Eyaleti Roma Yollari / Itinera Romana Provinciae Lyciae, Arkeoloji Sanat Yayinlari, 2011; (in Turkish)
Syme R., "Galatia and Pamphylia under Augustus: The Governorships of Piso, Quirinius and Silvanus", Klio, 27 (1934), pp. 122–147;
Syme R., "Pamphylia from Augustus to Vespasian", Klio, 30 (1937), pp. 227–231
Lycia
Pamphylia
States and territories established in the 70s
70s establishments in the Roman Empire
70s establishments
The Suchian was a faunal age of Japan, lasting from 3 to 1.9 million years ago, at the boundary of the Pliocene and Pleistocene epochs. It corresponds in age to the latter part of the Blancan of North America, and to most of the Piacenzian and Gelasian of Europe.
References
Geochronology
This list of islands of California is organized into sections, generally arranged from north to south. The islands within each section are listed in alphabetical order.
The Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) lists 527 named islands in the state.
Humboldt County
Offshore
Humboldt Bay
All three islands in Humboldt Bay are located in the narrow midsection of the bay. This portion of the bay is located within the City of Eureka, California entirely within Humboldt County.
Northern California
San Francisco Bay Area
Other islands of the San Francisco Bay Area:
Farallon Islands
The Farallon Islands are a group of rugged small islands over offshore from the mainland of the City and County of San Francisco, which they are also formally within. They consist of over twenty small islets divided into north, south and middle sections, as well as a major bank, Fanny Shoal. The surrounding waters were once used as a disposal site for radioactive waste.
Suisun Bay and Sacramento-San Joaquin River delta
Suisun Bay
Suisun Bay is an arm of the San Francisco Bay estuary which connects the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers to the Carquinez Strait.
Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta
The Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta is an inverted delta at the juncture of the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers. There are about 57 named islands in the Delta.
Channel Islands
The Channel Islands are a group of eight main islands and several minor islands in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, and Ventura counties in Southern California. The four northern islands are protected in Channel Islands National Park, while two are used by the U.S. Navy. These Islands are part of the Greater Los Angeles Area.
Greater Los Angeles Area
The Greater Los Angeles Area is an urban area on the Pacific coast of southern California.
Newport Bay
The bay associated with Newport Harbor and the city of Newport Beach, California.
Lake islands
River islands
Miscellaneous
See also
Geography of California
List of islands of the United States
Outline of California
References
Further reading
External links
California Department of Water Resources.ca.gov: Delta Waterways
Islands
California
Bardanes () may refer to:
Philippikos Bardanes (died 713), Byzantine emperor in 711–713
Bardanes Tourkos (died 803), Byzantine general and rebel
George Bardanes (died c. 1240), Byzantine bishop and theologian
Bardanes (moth), a genus of moths
Defending champions Alfie Hewett and Gordon Reid defeated Stéphane Houdet and Nicolas Peifer in the final, 6–3, 6–0 to win the men's doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2021 French Open. It was their second step towards a Grand Slam.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
References
Draw
Wheelchair Men's Doubles
French Open, 2021 Men's Doubles
Battle of Ganja may refer to:
Battle of Ganja (1804)
Battle of Ganja (1826)
Krasnoselsky () is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Gulkevichsky District of Krasnodar Krai, Russia. Population:
References
Urban-type settlements in Krasnodar Krai
Papyrus 41 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), designated by 𝔓41, is an early copy of the New Testament in Greek and Coptic. It is a diglot, it is a papyrus manuscript of the Acts of the Apostles. The manuscript paleographically has been assigned to the 8th century.
Description
Contents
The Greek text of the papyrus contains:
Acts 17:28-18:2.17-18.22-25.27; 19:1-4.6-8.13-16.18-19; 20:9-13.15-16.22-24.26-38; 21:3.4.26-27; 22:11-14.16-17.
The Coptic text of the papyrus contains: Acts 17:30-18:2.25.27-28; 19:2-8.15.17-19; 20:11-16.24-28; 20:36-21:3; 22:12-14.16-17.
Text-type
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Western text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
Textual variants
In Acts 21:1 it reads Παταρα και Μυρα for Παταρα, the reading is supported by Dgr gig (itph Hyram) vgmss copsa;
Location
It is currently housed at the Österreichische Nationalbibliothek (Pap. G. 17973, 26133, 35831, 39783) in Vienna.
See also
List of New Testament papyri
Coptic versions of the Bible
References
Further reading
C. Wessely, Studien zur Paläographie und Papyruskunde XV, (Leipzig 1914), pp. 107–118.
F.-J. Schmitz, Neue Fragmente zum P41, (Münster 1988), pp. 78–97.
New Testament papyri
Greek-Coptic diglot manuscripts of the New Testament
8th-century biblical manuscripts
Biblical manuscripts of the Austrian National Library
Acts of the Apostles papyri
Balderston may refer to:
Places
Balderston, an alternative spelling of the British village of Balderstone, Lancashire
People
John Balderston (Cambridge) (died 1719), Master of Emmanuel College, Cambridge
John L. Balderston (1889–1954), an American playwright and screenwriter
Kris M. Balderston, managing director of the Global Partnership Initiative and the Deputy Special Representative for Global Partnerships in the Office of the Secretary of State
Caroline Balderston Parry (born 1945), a Canadian writer, musician, celebrator, and consultant
See also
Balderstone (disambiguation)
These are the official results of the Women's Heptathlon competition at the 1995 World Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden. With a total of 30 participating athletes, including 10 non-finishers, this edition of the women's heptathlon is notable for having the highest fraction of athletes not finishing the competition in the World Championships history. The competition started on August 9, 1995, and ended on August 10, 1995.
Medalists
Schedule
Wednesday, August 9, 1995
Thursday, August 10, 1995
Records
Results
See also
1995 Hypo-Meeting
References
Results
IAAF Statistics Handbook Daegu 2011, Part 3 of 5, Pages 264, 265
H
Heptathlon at the World Athletics Championships
1995 in women's athletics
Langensendelbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany with a population of over 3100. The village Bräuningshof is a part of Langensendelbach.
Langensendelbach was first mentioned on 13 July 1062. Thereafter Langensendelbach was a part of the bistum Bamberg. In 1400 St Peter and Paul chapel was built, and in the fourteenth and fifteenth century a small gothic church was built. In 1896 the priest Wölfel found an old German bodygrave from the fifth century. In World War I twenty two men from Langensendelbach died. In World War II eighty eight men had to fight; nineteen of them died in the war or in prison. A few days before the War ended, SS troops were in the village; the US Army attacked them, and three children and one man died.
References
Forchheim (district)
If We Ever Live Forever is the fifth studio album by the American indie band Longwave. It is Longwave's first album in over a decade. The album was preceded by the release of "Stay with Me" as a single in October 2018. Two more tracks were released as promotional cuts from the album, "Dreamers Float Away" in July 2019 and "If we Ever Live Forever".
Track listing
Personnel
Steve Schiltz – vocals, guitar
Shannon Ferguson – guitar
Christian Bongers – bass
Jason Molina – drums
References
External links
Interview with Schiltz and Ferguson about the new album
Longwave (band) albums
2019 albums
Josiane is a feminine given name.
List of people with the given name
Josiane Balasko (born 1950), French actor, writer and director
Josiane Corneloup (born 1959), French politician
Josiane Shen, Luxembourgian television presenter
Josiane Stoléru, French actor
Josiane Tito (born 1979), Brazilian sprinter
See also
Josie (name)
Josiah (given name)
Given names
Laksamana Sukardi (born October 1, 1956) is an Indonesian politician, reformist and banker who served as Minister of State Owned Enterprises (BUMN) under the presidencies of Abdurrahman Wahid and Megawati Sukarnoputri.
Sukardi was born in Jakarta into a family of the menak or Sundanese aristocracy. Their father, Gandhi Sukardi (1929 - 2011), was a prominent journalist at the Antara state news agency. Their grandfather, Raden Didi Sukardi (1898 - 1971), was also a journalist, plantation owner and government minister of the federal state of Pasundan.
Laksamana Sukardi graduated as a civil engineer from the Bandung Institute of Technology (ITB) in 1979, but decided to pursue a career as an economist and banker. They eventually became part of the senior management of Bank Lippo, and was honoured as Banker of the Year from SWA Magazine in 1993. They also joined the reformist Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle (PDI-P), and was an outspoken critic of the New Order regime of General Soeharto.
Their political career began with their election as a legislator in 1992 to the People's Consultative Assembly (MPR). They served in the legislature until 1997, before being appointed in October 1999 to the reformist coalition government of President Abdurrahman Wahid as Minister of State Owned Enterprises in the National Unity Cabinet. Sukardi held this position until April 2000, but was reappointed by the next Indonesian President, Megawati Sukarnoputri, to their old post in August 2001 as part of their Mutual Assistance Cabinet (2001 - 2004). As Minister of State Owned Enterprises, Laksamana Sukardi presided over one of the most significant programmes of privatisation and or sale of state-owned assets since Independence in 1945.
After leaving office in 2004, Sukardi, together with other leading party bureaucrats such as Arifin Panigoro, led a revolt within the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle against party chairperson and former president Megawati Sukarnoputri. In 2005, they founded their own Democratic Renewal Party.
They have been questioned by the Attorney-General of Indonesia in a number of high-profile corruption cases since leaving office in 2004. WikiLeaks has also revealed the existence of a blanket gagging order applying to all citizens and media in Australia, issued by the Supreme Court of Victoria on June 19, 2014 for 'national security' reasons, which involves the names of several senior Asian politicians, including Sukardi.
Footnotes
References
1956 births
Government ministers of Indonesia
People from Jakarta
Sundanese people
Indonesian economists
Indonesian Muslims
Living people
Members of the People's Representative Council, 1999
Galust Grigorii Sahakyan (Armenian:Գալուստ Գրիգորիի Սահակյան; born April 8, 1949) is an Armenian politician, former MP, and the former President of the National Assembly of Armenia.
Career
Galust Sahakyan was born on April 8, 1949 in Yerevan. They graduated with a degree in philology from Yerevan State University in 1971.
From 1970-1972 they were a metalworker in the Yerevan Silk Complex. For the next nineteen years they worked as a teacher at Yerevan School #30, then as a deputy to the principal at School #94 then School #153; thereafter they were principal at School #3 and then School #185. From 1991 to 1996 they were first the deputy and later chairperson of the Executive Committee of Mashtots District Council in Yerevan.
1995-1999 was their first term as a deputy in the National Assembly of Armenia (NA), representing electoral district #32. They were a member of the NA Standing Committee on Science, Education, Culture and Youth Affairs. They were first a member of the Republic Faction and later the Yerkrapah Deputy Group.
1999-2003 was their second term as a deputy of the NA as a member of the Unity Bloc. They served as deputy chairperson of the NA Standing Committee on Science, Education, Culture and Youth Affairs. They were first a member and later leader of the Unity Faction.
From 2003-2007 they were a deputy in the NA as a member of the Republican Party of Armenia (RPA). They were a member of the NA Standing Committee on State and Legal Affairs. They were the head of the Republican Party of Armenia parliamentary faction.
From 2007-2012 they served another term as a deputy in the National Assembly from the Republican Party of Armenia.
From June 19, 2007 to November 17, 2008 they were member of the Standing Committee on Defense, National Security and Internal Affairs of the National Assembly.
From November 11, 2008 to May 31, 2012 they were head of the RPA faction in parliament. They were also the Deputy Head of the Republican Party and member of the RPA Executive Body and Council.
From 2012 to 2017 they served another term as a member of the National Assembly from the RPA.
From May 31, 2012 to May 7, 2014 they were the head of the RPA faction, RPA Deputy Head, member of the RPA Executive Body and Council.
From April 29, 2014 to May 5, 2017 they were the President of the National Assembly of Armenia.
April 2, 2017 - Elected Member of the National Assembly from the RPA national electoral list.
 They are a member of the board of the Republican Party of Armenia.
Personal life
Sahakyan is married and has two children.
References
1949 births
Living people
Presidents of the National Assembly (Armenia)
Republican Party of Armenia politicians
Corinna von Rad (born 1971) is a German-American opera and theatre director.
Biography
Von Rad was born in 1971 in New York City. They descend from a patrician family. They studied musical theatre directing at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg, studying under Götz Friedrich. They graduated in 1995.
Von Rad worked for two years as an assistant director and director for opera at the Staatstheater Braunschweig. They worked with Christoph Marthaler as an assistant and director at the Salzburg Festival, the Paris Opera, the Volksbühne, and the Burgtheater.
Since 1999 they have worked as a freelance opera and theatre director at the Munich Kammerspiele, the Schauspiel Frankfurt, the Meiningen Court Theatre, the Theater am Neumarkt, the Theater Freiburg, the Theater Aachen, the Cuvilliés Theatre, the Deutsches Nationaltheater and Staatskapelle Weimar, the Staatstheater Augsburg, and the Berlin State Opera. They have also staged productions at the Schauspielhaus Zürich and Theater Basel.
They became a visiting professor at the Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts in 2006, teaching theatre directing, acting, and dramaturgy. They have also taught at the Berlin University of the Arts. In 2009 they became a visiting professor of musical theatre directing at the Hochschule für Musik "Hanns Eisler".
References
Living people
1971 births
Von Rad family
Berlin University of the Arts faculty
Hochschule für Musik Hanns Eisler Berlin faculty
Frankfurt University of Music and Performing Arts faculty
Hochschule für Musik und Theater Hamburg alumni
German musical theatre directors
German opera directors
German theatre directors
German untitled nobility
Educators from New York City
American women academics
21st-century American women
BodyMedia was a medical and consumer technology company headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Incorporated in 1999, BodyMedia developed wearable body monitoring systems. In April 2013, BodyMedia was acquired by Jawbone for an estimated $100 million.
History
Wearable device
BodyMedia staff published some of the first research on wearability of devices in 1998 and detecting activity context using accelerometers in 1999 at the 2nd and 3rd IEEE sponsored International Symposium on Wearable Computers. The BodyMedia informatics group made available a large anonymised human physiology data set for the 2004 International Conference on Machine Learning, running a Machine Learning Challenge. They published about their very large data set and data modeling methodology at the Innovative Applications of Artificial Intelligence conference in 2011 winning the IAAI Deployed Application award.
Clinical history
Between 2001 and 2005, BodyMedia provided healthcare professionals with metabolic assessment and behavioral therapy products for the treatment of obesity, diabetes, and CVD. BodyMedia have been used in hundreds of clinical studies. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) classifies BodyMedia as a Class II Medical Device.
BodyMedia was demonstrated to be accurate in comparison to the doubly labeled water method for measuring energy expenditure per day. The mean absolute-percent difference per-person per-day in Kcalories was less than 10%. It was also shown that the standard WHO GPAQ survey underestimates physical activity bouts of at least 10 minutes. The clinical and research software and armband were marketed under the “SenseWear” brand and have since been used e.g. to estimate exposure to air pollution in combination with other sensors.
Consumer products
BodyMedia sold a consumer software product for armband hardware starting in 2001. A consumer web site using BodyMedia armbands was branded; run in the USA by “Dot Fit”. In the UK a consumer web site is branded and run by “Ki Performance”.
See also
Quantified Self
References
External links
Official Website
Wireless Life Sciences
1999 establishments in Pennsylvania
Activity trackers
Wearable devices
Frăsinet is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Clănița and Frăsinet. These were part of Băbăița Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
An ordinary seaman (OS) is a member of the deck department of a ship. The position is an apprenticeship to become an able seaman, and has been for centuries. In modern times, an OS is required to work on a ship for a specific amount of time, gaining what is referred to as "sea time". For centuries, the term ordinary seaman was used to refer to a seaman with between one and two years' experience at sea, who showed enough seamanship to be so rated by their captain. Historically in some navies and the merchant marine a sailor with less experience was called a landsman.
An OS is generally not required to stand watch, but must pass examinations on watchstanding skills such as performing lookout duty and being a helmsman. Thus an OS will often be found on a ship's bridge after working hours taking a turn at the ship's wheel or being familiarized with bridge equipment.
During the apprenticeship, an OS performs a variety of duties concerned with the operation and upkeep of deck department areas and equipment. These duties vary with the type of ship, the type of voyage, the number of crewmembers, the weather, the supervisor, and any number of other variables. However, in most cases, one can expect an ordinary seaman to clean, to perform maintenance, to work with deck equipment, and to undergo on-the-job-training under the supervision of senior deck department members.
Duties
As an ordinary seaman, one's duties may include the following:
On specialized vessels, an OS may have unique duties. For example, on research vessels, an OS may rig and operate hydrographic and other specialty winches; handle and stow oceanographic explosives; and stage and stow beach support equipment.
Advancement
United States
The next step on the career ladder for the ordinary seaman is to become an able seaman. This advancement is based on a number of factors laid out in the Code of Federal Regulations.
Training
The Code of Federal Regulations establishes in 46 CFR 12.05 four categories of able seaman for the United States Merchant Marine:
Able Seaman—Any Waters, Unlimited. Requires three years service on deck on vessels operating on the oceans or the Great Lakes.
Able Seaman—Limited. Requires 18 months service on deck in vessels of 100 gross tons or more which operate in a service not exclusively confined to the rivers and smaller inland lakes of the United States.
Able Seaman—Special. Requires 12 months service on deck on vessels operating on the oceans, or the navigable waters of the United States including the Great Lakes.
Able Seaman—Special (OSV). Requires six months service on deck on vessels operating on the oceans, or the navigable waters of the United States including the Great Lakes.
Time served in certain training programs and school ships may be substituted for the time of service listed above. Special certificates of service are available for Able Seaman, Great Lakes—18 months service; Able Seaman, Any waters—12 months; Able Seaman, Tugs and towboats—any waters; Able Seaman, Bays and sounds—12 months, vessels 500 gross tons or less not carrying passengers; and Able Seaman, Seagoing barges—12 months.
Examination requirements
For the United States Merchant Marine, the Code of Federal Regulations establishes in 46 CFR 12.05 examination requirements for the certification of able seamen, which includes:
Competence as a lifeboatman, including showing:
training in all the operations connected with the launching of lifeboats and life-rafts, and in the use of oars;
acquaintance with the practical handling of boats; including the ability to command the boat's crew.
An examination, conducted only in English, consisting of questions regarding:
lifeboats and life-rafts, the names of their essential parts, and a description of the required equipment;
the clearing away, swinging out and lowering of lifeboats and life-rafts, and handling of lifeboats under oars and sails, including questions relative to the proper handling of a boat in a heavy sea;
the operation and functions of commonly used types of davits;
knowledge of nautical terms; boxing the compass, either by degrees or points; running lights, passing signals, and fog signals for vessels on the high seas, in inland waters, or on the Great Lakes depending upon the waters on which the applicant has served; and distress signals; and,
knowledge of proper response to commands for handling the wheel and knowledge of the use of engine room telegraph or bell-pull signals.
In the actual demonstration, the applicant shall show ability by taking command of a boat and directing the operation of clearing away, swinging out, lowering the boat into the water, and acting as coxswain in charge of the boat under oars. The AB shall demonstrate ability to row by pulling an oar in the boat. The applicant shall also demonstrate knowledge of the principal knots, bends, splices, and hitches in common use by tying them.
The applicant must demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Officer in Charge, Marine Inspection, knowledge of pollution laws and regulations, procedures for discharge containment and cleanup, and methods for disposal of sludge and waste material from cargo and fueling operations.
See also
Seafarer's professions and ranks
Able Seaman (occupation)
STCW
Merchant Mariner's Document
References
External links
Marine occupations
James Aggrey Bob Orengo is a Kenyan lawyer, a well known human rights activist and politician who is the current governor for Siaya County.  They are also one of the few Kenyan lawyers who have attained the professional grade of Senior counsel in the legal field, a title that they earned under former president Mwai Kibaki.
Orengo was elected as an MP for the Ugenya Constituency as a KANU candidate in a by-election in 1980, making them the youngest MP in Kenya at the time, at age 29. They were elected as a member of parliament for Ugenya constituency in 1992 and served up to 1997, and again in 1997; thereafter they served until 2002. In 2002, they vied for the presidency and lost. In 2005, they joined the Orange Democratic Movement party, teaming up with Raila Odinga after a significant stand-off between the two following a fallout from 2002. In 2007, they vied for the position of Ugenya MP, which they won, enabling them to serve in that capacity until 2013. They were appointed as a Minister of Lands from 2008 to 2013. They were elected and has served in the Senate of Kenya since 2013 as senator for Siaya County.
In 2022 they vied for the governor of Siaya County and won.
Early life and education
They were born James Aggrey Bob Orengo in 1951 in Kasipul Kabondo in Homabay County, Kenya Colony to Apolo Stefano Olunga Orengo, a senior police chief and Josfina Atieno Olunga Orengo. In 1954, they started attending Ambira Primary School, where they finished their primary education in 1964. They joined the Alliance High School in January 1965, and finished form six education in 1970. In 1971, they joined the University of Nairobi to study law. They became the university president in 1973. In 1974, they graduated from the University of Nairobi with a lower second class honors in Bachelor of Laws LL.B, and later enrolled at the prestigious Kenya School of Law, and subsequently passed their bar examination after several attempts and thus admitted into the Kenya legal Council.
Life as an activist
Orengo has been known as a political activist since their days as a student leader at the university. They led fellow students in many protests fighting against issues that they felt needed changing both at the university level and at the national level. They were also among the most prominent critics and activists against the single-party regime. Alongside Raila and other notable politicians, Orengo agitated for multiparty democracy, a new constitution, and free and fair elections, among other issues of public interest.
Orengo says that being an activist has not always been easy and sometimes they had to flee the country for their own good. They were exiled in Tanzania, Uganda and Zimbabwe in the early 1980s to escape the repressive Kanu regime.
An attempted coup against Tanzania's President Julius Nyerere in 1964 would come back to haunt Orengo in the early 1980s. They were repatriated alongside Kenya Air Force soldiers who had tried to oust President Moi in 1982 in a swap with Tanzanian soldiers who had escaped to Kenya. They describe the journey from Namanga to Naivasha prison in a police lorry as a harrowing experience. They were kept in Kamiti and Naivasha's maximum prisons. At some point, they shared the cell with the 1982 attempted coup leader Hezekiah Ochuka. “It was a journey to hell. We were beaten and subjected to all manner of abuse. You were expected to keep your head between your legs throughout the entire harrowing journey,” they recall.
For their constant agitation, the government decreed they would not be allowed to undertake their pupilage in Nairobi after completing their law degree. They ended up in Kericho. However, even when they were away from the capital, their activism was felt at the State House. They were instrumental in organizing countrywide demonstrations in the wake of politician J.M. Kariuki's brutal murder in 1975.
Reforms and multi-party democracy
Orengo became well known for their fight against the unjust rule and spent several years in detention as a result. They are, together with six other MPs, part of the Seven Bearded Sisters. Orengo along with Michael Kijana Wamalwa, Kiraitu Murungi, Raila Odinga, Paul Muite were among the Young Turks who along with Jaramogi Oginga Odinga, Masinde Muliro and Martin Shikuku brought about what was termed as Kenya's second liberation. They formed the formidable Forum for the Restoration of Democracy(FORD), a vehicle that nearly pushed KANU the ruling party out of power in the 1992 general election.  They are a founding member of Muungano wa Mageuzi (Movement for Change), a cross-party lobby group.
Political career
Orengo was elected as an MP for Ugenya Constituency as a KANU candidate in a by-election in 1980. They became the youngest MP, at age 29. They were subsequently elected as an MP in December 1992 on a FORD-Kenya ticket. They were re-elected in December 1997 on a Ford-Kenya ticket but lost their seat in the 2002 general elections when they also contested for the Presidency on a Social Democratic Party ticket.
Orengo ran for the presidency in 2002 for the Social Democratic Party(SDP), but finished fourth with just 0.4% of the votes. Their party lost all of its parliamentary places, as many SDP's leading figures had joined the NARC coalition.
As of 2007, they were still the SDP chairperson. The party supported Raila Odinga of Orange Democratic Movement at the 2007 general elections. In the 2007 elections Orengo won the Ugenya Parliamentary seat on an ODM ticket. They had been out of parliament since the 2002 elections after losing the seat to Archbishop Stephen Ondiek.
During the post-election crisis, Orengo served as one of four spokespersons for the Orange Democratic Movement in its attempts to settle its dispute with the Party of National Unity following the disputed presidential elections in Kenya in 2007.
Orengo was sworn in as a Minister for Lands in the new Coalition Government formed by the National Accord Act of 2008. This is their first stint as a cabinet minister.
Orengo revealed the sale of the Grand Regency hotel at 2.7 billion Kenyan shillings (approximately €30 million EUR). They announced the transfer of ownership from the Central Bank of Kenya to the new Libyan owners had taken place under the direction of Amos Kimunya, finance minister. This set off the Grand Regency Scandal.
Orengo was sworn in during 2013 as the senator for Siaya County. In 2017, they were re-elected as a senator in the same county. In 2018, they were chosen by their party leader Raila Amollo Odinga to replace Moses Wetangula as the minority leader in the Kenyan Senate. In 2019, Orengo was appointed by President Uhuru Kenyatta and Raila Odinga as part of the task force team to implement Building Bridge Initiative (BBI)
On 9 August 2022 General Election, They won the Siaya Governor Seat with ODM party under Azimio la Umoja one Coalition.
Personal life
 They are married to lawyer Betty Murungi.
See also
Luo people of Kenya and Tanzania
References
External links
Living people
Members of the Senate of Kenya
20th-century Kenyan lawyers
Orange Democratic Movement politicians
Kenyan democracy activists
Forum for the Restoration of Democracy politicians
Forum for the Restoration of Democracy – Kenya politicians
Members of the National Assembly (Kenya)
Alumni of Alliance High School (Kenya)
Prisoners and detainees of Kenya
University of Nairobi alumni
Kenya School of Law alumni
1951 births
Candidates for President of Kenya
Thorichthys is a genus of cichlid fish that is native to the Atlantic slope of Middle America, ranging from southern Veracruz and the Yucatán Peninsula in Mexico, to Guatemala and Honduras, with introduced populations in a few other countries. They tend to inhabit moderately-flowing to standing water such as rivers, streams, lakes, ditches and lagoons, and they are primarily freshwater fish, although T. helleri and T. meeki may occur in slightly brackish habitats.
Thorichthys have somewhat pointy heads and stripes down their body, and mostly feed on invertebrates and detritus. Members of Thorichthys do not exceed in standard length, and they are popular aquarium fish, especially the well-known firemouth cichlid (T. meeki). Genetic evidence shows that Thorichthys is most closely related to Salvin's cichlid, the only species of the genus Trichromis, which is morphologically and behaviorally rather different. In contrast, Thorichthys is not particularly close to Cribroheros despite having several features that are similar.
Species
There are currently 9 recognized species in this genus:
Thorichthys affinis (Günther, 1862) (Yellow meeki)
Thorichthys aureus (Günther, 1862) (Blue flash)
Thorichthys callolepis (Regan, 1904) (San Domingo cichlid)
Thorichthys helleri (Steindachner, 1864) (Yellow cichlid)
Thorichthys maculipinnis (Steindachner, 1864)
Thorichthys meeki Brind, 1918 (Firemouth cichlid)
Thorichthys panchovillai Moral-Flores, López-Segovia & Hernández-Arellano, 2017
Thorichthys pasionis (Rivas, 1962) (Blackgullet cichlid)
Thorichthys socolofi (R. R. Miller & J. N. Taylor, 1984) (Chiapas cichlid)
References
Heroini
Fish of Central America
Cichlid genera
Taxa named by Seth Eugene Meek
Daniel Gilbert (born January 17, 1962) is an American billionaire business person, investor and philanthropist.  They are the co-founder and majority owner of Rocket Mortgage, founder of Rock Ventures, and owner of the National Basketball Association's Cleveland Cavaliers. Gilbert owns several sports franchises, including the American Hockey League's Cleveland Monsters, and the NBA G League's Cleveland Charge. They operate the Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse in Cleveland, Ohio, home to the Cavaliers and Monsters. As of March, 19th, 2022 Forbes estimated their net worth at US$51.9 billion, making them the 23rd richest person in the world.
Early life and education
Gilbert was born to a Jewish family in Detroit, Michigan. They grew up in Southfield, Michigan, where they attended Southfield-Lathrup High School. They earned their bachelor's degree from Michigan State University and a Juris Doctor from Wayne State University Law School, and is a member of the State Bar of Michigan. While in college they earned a real estate agent's license and while in law school, they worked part-time at their parents' Century 21 Real Estate agency.
Business career
Rocket Mortgage
Gilbert founded Rock Financial in 1985 with Ron Berman, Lindsay Gross and their younger brother Gary Gilbert. In the late 1990s, the company launched its internet strategy, becoming an early online direct mortgage lender. In the fourth quarter of 2017, the company became the largest retail mortgage lender by volume in the United States.
In 2000, software maker Intuit Inc. purchased Rock Financial and renamed the national web operation Quicken Loans. In 2002, Gilbert and a group of private investors purchased Quicken Loans and its affiliated national title company, Title Source, Inc., from Intuit. As of 2021, Gilbert served as the chairperson of Quicken Loans, Inc.
In 2007, Gilbert and the city of Detroit announced an agreement to move the company's headquarters to downtown Detroit. All 3,600 Michigan-based employees moved into Detroit's urban core by the end of 2010.
In August 2020, Quicken Loans went public under the name Rocket Companies and made its debut on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “RKT.” As of 2020, Gilbert remained the majority owner, controlling 79% of the company's shares.
Sports franchise ownership
Gilbert became majority owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers in March 2005 and undertook a complete overhaul of the front office, coaching staff, player personnel and game presentation. During Gilbert's tenure, the Cavaliers won six Central Division championships (2009, 2010, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018), five Eastern Conference championships (2007, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018), and one NBA championship (2016), which ended the 52-year Cleveland sports curse.
In 2007, Gilbert bought the dormant Utah Grizzlies American Hockey League franchise, moved it to Cleveland and renamed it the Cleveland Monsters (previously Lake Erie Monsters). In 2016, the Monsters won the AHL's top prize – the Calder Cup – giving Gilbert two championships within eight days.
In 2011, Gilbert purchased the New Mexico Thunderbirds from what was then the NBA Developmental League (now called the G League), and moved them to Canton, Ohio renaming them the Canton Charge, and making them the Cavaliers' affiliate. In 2022 the team moved to Cleveland are known known as the Cleveland Charge.
Open letter
In July 2010, Ohio native LeBron James announced that they were leaving the Cavaliers for the Miami Heat on an ESPN television special dubbed The Decision. Following the special, Gilbert published an open letter to Cleveland Cavaliers fans in which they criticized how James made their announcement. Gilbert was later fined by NBA Commissioner David Stern for their remarks. Gilbert later claimed that they regretted the letter, and has since apologized to James.
James later stated, "I've met with Dan, face-to-face, man-to-man. We've talked it out. Everybody makes mistakes. I've made mistakes as well. Who am I to hold a grudge?"
Other businesses and investments
Gilbert is a founding partner in the private equity group Rockbridge Growth Equity LLC (RBE). The partnership invests in growing businesses in the financial services, Internet technology, consumer-direct marketing, and the sports and entertainment industries.
RBE has significant investments in Gas Station TV, Robb Report, and RapidAdvance, among other ventures.
Gilbert is also an investor in Courtside Ventures, a venture capital fund investing across early-stage technology and media companies with a focus on sports and is a founding partner of Detroit Venture Partners (DVP), a venture capital firm that funds start-up and early-stage technology companies based primarily in Detroit.[23] Some of the companies DVP has invested in includes LevelEleven, iRule and Marxent Labs.
Gilbert cofounded StockX, a stock market of things for high-demand, limited edition products such as sneakers. Gilbert is also invested and involved in the operation of several consumer-based technology-centered businesses, including Fathead, Veritix, Xenith, StyleCaster and Quizzle.
Gilbert launched nonprofit Bizdom in 2007, which promotes both tech and brick-and-mortar entrepreneurship in Detroit and Cleveland by supporting on-the-ground service providers.
In November 2009, Gilbert and a group of partners successfully backed a statewide referendum to bring casino gaming to Ohio's four largest cities. Through a joint venture with Caesars Entertainment Corporation, the groups operate urban-based casinos in both Cleveland and Cincinnati. The first of the casinos, Jack Cleveland Casino, opened in May 2012.
In 2013, Rock Ventures, the umbrella entity for Gilbert's investments and real estate holdings, announced it had formed Athens Acquisition LLC, an affiliate of Rock Gaming, and acquired the majority interest in Greektown Superholdings Inc., owner of the Greektown Casino-Hotel located in downtown Detroit. In late 2018, Gilbert bought the online dictionaries, Dictionary.com and Thesaurus.com.
In November 2017, former professional Call of Duty player and 100 Thieves CEO Matthew "Nadeshot" Haag announced that Gilbert had made a multimillion-dollar investment into the esports organization.
Detroit initiatives
Quicken Loans moved its headquarters and 1,700 of its employees to downtown Detroit in August 2010, where Gilbert and the company are helping lead a revitalization of Detroit's urban core.
Gilbert's Bedrock Detroit has purchased several buildings in downtown Detroit, including the historic Madison Theatre Building, Chase Tower, Two Detroit Center, Dime Building, the First National Building the David Stott Building and the former Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago Detroit Branch Building. Bedrock Detroit has also purchased several buildings on the city's Woodward Avenue, including One Woodward Avenue and the 1001 Woodward office tower.
In September 2013, Gilbert was named co-chair of the Blight Removal Task Force. The group published a detailed plan in May 2014 to remove all blighted structures and lots in the City of Detroit.
In 2015, they purchased Book Tower in Detroit.
A 2017 Politico Magazine article named Gilbert one of "America's 11 Most Interesting Mayors", listing them as though they were Mayor of Detroit due to their role in the city's development.
In September 2017, Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan appointed Gilbert to lead a committee to make a bid for online retail giant Amazon to bring its second North American headquarters to Detroit. In 2018, Amazon narrowed its list of potential headquarters locations, removing Detroit from its list of contenders.
Philanthropy and political donations
In September 2012, Gilbert and their wife Jennifer joined The Giving Pledge, committing to give half of their wealth to philanthropy throughout their lifetimes.
Gilbert's eldest son was born with neurofibromatosis. Gilbert established two Neurofibromatosis research clinics at the Children's National Medical Center (CNMC) in Washington, D.C., and at the Dana Children's Hospital at the Sourasky Medical Center in Tel Aviv, Israel. Gilbert also serves on the boards of the Children's Tumor Foundation, the Cleveland Clinic, and the Children's Hospital Foundation (an affiliate of CNMC); and is the vice-chairperson of the not-for-profit M-1 RAIL initiative which is dedicated to promoting light-rail transportation in downtown Detroit.
In 2015, Gilbert donated $750,000 to the presidential candidacy of Chris Christie.
In September 2016, Gilbert donated $5 million to Wayne State University Law School. In October of that year, Gilbert also donated $15 million toward the planned $50-million Breslin Center renovation project at Michigan State University.
In 2020, Gilbert made a $1.2 million donation to help COVID-19 relief efforts in the city of Detroit.
Personal life
Gilbert resides in Michigan with their wife Jennifer Gilbert and their five children. Their wife serves on the Gilbert Family Neurofibromatosis Institute at Children's National Medical Center in Washington, D.C., and also serves on the boards of ORT America and the Israeli and Overseas Committee of the Jewish Federation of Metropolitan Detroit. On May 26, 2019, Gilbert was taken to the hospital and treated for a stroke at the age of 57.
Awards and honors
Gilbert's companies have achieved the following accolades under their watch:
Quicken Loans/Rocket Mortgage
16-time winner: JD Power Highest Customer Satisfaction Award (10 for Primary Mortgage Origination, six for Mortgage Servicing)
16-time Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For (2005–2017)
Cleveland Cavaliers
2016 NBA Champion
2016 Best Team ESPY Award
Cleveland Monsters
2016 Calder Cup Champion
References
External links
Dan Gilbert's Blog: Choose Thinking
1962 births
Living people
20th-century American businesspeople
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century philanthropists
American billionaires
American casino industry businesspeople
American financial company founders
American real estate businesspeople
American technology chief executives
American technology company founders
American venture capitalists
Arena Football League executives
Businesspeople from Detroit
Cleveland Cavaliers owners
Cleveland Monsters
Giving Pledgers
Jewish American philanthropists
Michigan State University alumni
People from Southfield, Michigan
Rock Ventures
Wayne State University Law School alumni
21st-century American Jews
Jacques Deval (1895–1972) was a French playwright, screenwriter and film director.
Novels
Marie Galante (1931)
Plays
Une faible femme; a comedy in three acts (1920)
Dans sa candeur naïve; a comedy in three acts (1926); translated into English as Them Cardboard Lover (1927), Valerie Wyngate and P.G. Wodehouse
Étienne; a play in three acts (1930)
Mademoiselle; a comedy in three acts (1932)
Tovarich; a play in four acts (1933)
Marie Galante; a play with music in two acts, based on the novel Marie Galante. Music by Kurt Weill (1934)
Soubrette; a comedy in three acts (1938)
Oh, Brother!; a comedy in three acts (1945)
La Femme de ta jeunesse; a play in three acts (1947)
Le Rayon des jouets; a comedy in three acts (1951)
La Prétentaine; a comedy in two acts (1957)
Romancero; a play in three acts (1958)
Filmography
The Cardboard Lover, directed by Robert Z. Leonard (1928, based on the play Dans sa candeur naïve)
The Passionate Plumber, directed by Edward Sedgwick (1932, based on the play Dans sa candeur naïve)
A Weak Woman, directed by Max de Vaucorbeil (France, 1933, based on the play Une faible femme)
Étienne, directed by Jean Tarride (France, 1933, based on the play Étienne)
Journal of a Crime, directed by William Keighley (1934, remake of the 1933 film Une vie perdue)
Marie Galante, directed by Henry King (1934, based on the novel Marie Galante)
Tovaritch, directed by Jacques Deval (France, 1935, based on the play Tovaritch)
Tovarich, directed by Anatole Litvak (1937, based on the play Tovaritch)
Say It in French, directed by Andrew L. Stone (1938, based on the play Soubrette)
Them Cardboard Lover, directed by George Cukor (1942, based on the play Dans sa candeur naïve)
Una vírgen moderna, directed by Joaquín Pardavé (Mexico, 1946, based on the play Mademoiselle)
Miss Tatlock's Millions, directed by Richard Haydn (1948, based on the play Oh, Brother!)
Tuesday's Guest, directed by Jacques Deval (France, 1950, based on the play La Femme de ta jeunesse)
Women's Club, directed by Ralph Habib (France, 1956, remake of the 1936 film Women's Club)
, directed by Steno (Italy, 1961, based on the play Le Rayon des jouets)
Geliebte Hochstaplerin, directed by Ákos Ráthonyi (West Germany, 1961, based on the play La Prétentaine)
L'altra metà del cielo, directed by Franco Rossi (Italy, 1977, based on the play Romancero)
Screenwriter
Le Mauvais Garçon, directed by Henri Diamant-Berger (France, 1923)
Jenny Lind, directed by Arthur Robison (French, 1932)
Une vie perdue, directed by Raymond Rouleau (France, 1933)
Women's Club, directed by Jacques Deval (France, 1936)
Cafe Metropole, directed by Edward H. Griffith (1937)
Domenica, directed by Maurice Cloche (France, 1952)
When You Read This Letter, directed by Jean-Pierre Melville (France, 1953)
Notes
References
Sources
External links
1895 births
1972 deaths
20th-century French screenwriters
20th-century French dramatists and playwrights
French film directors
Writers from Paris
Petros Petrosyan (; December 24, 1968 – December 15, 2012) was an Armenian painter.
Biography
Petros Petrosyan was born on December 24, 1968 in Yerevan in the family of artists Hakob and Vera Petrosyan. In 1984 graduating from the School of Art, named after Hakob Kojoyan, entered the College of Fine Arts after Panos Terlemezyan. From 1988 - 1994 period. studied in Yerevan Fine Arts and Theatre Institute, the workshop of professor Mkrtich Sedrakyan. From 1998 has been member to the Union of Painters of Armenia, from the year 1998, Member of International Association of Fine Arts of UNESCO.
Exhibitions
1997 - solo exhibition: Yervand Kochar Museum, Yerevan, Armenia
1997 - group exhibition: Union of Painters of Armenia, Yerevan, Armenia
1997 - group exhibition: National Gallery of Armenia, Yerevan, Armenia
1998 - group exhibition: Union of Painters of Armenia, Yerevan, Armenia
1999 - solo exhibitions: the United States
2000 - solo exhibitions: Modern Art Gallery (Yerevan)
2000 - solo exhibitions: United Nations Organization Armenia Office Exhibition Hall
2002 - group exhibition ՝ Cyprus
Paintings
1994 - Tree Cutting;
1995 – Noon;
1996 – Road;
1997 - Grief;
1997 – Elegy;
1997 – Masks;
1998 – Cold Memories;
1998 - Immortelles;
1998 - Butterflies;
1998 - Song of Our Days;
1999 - Lonely man of Planet;
2001 - Madonna;
2001 - Crucifixion;
2001 - Adam and Eve.
Literature
(catalogue)
(catalogue)
— II part (Encyclopedia)
References
External links
Official Website
1968 births
2012 deaths
Armenian painters
Wang Yucheng (or Yu-Ch'eng) (王禹偁, 954–1001) was a Chinese poet from Juye in the Shandong province. They served in a government post and was known for forthright criticism of policies; this led to their eventual banishment to the South.
Song dynasty poets
954 births
1001 deaths
Writers from Heze
Poets from Shandong
10th-century Chinese poets
11th-century Chinese poets
10th-century Chinese historians
Historians from Shandong
Song dynasty essayists
Rick Rickert (born February 11, 1983) is a former American professional basketball player.  They are a 2001 graduate of Duluth East High School where they were a basketball star and highly recruited college prospect. They were named 2001 Minnesota Mr. Basketball.
Career
Rickert played collegiately for the University of Minnesota, where after averaging 15 points and 5 rebounds per game in 2001–02 they became the first Gopher player ever to win the Big Ten Freshman of the Year award. After averaging 16 points and 6 rebounds their sophomore season Rickert declared for the 2003 NBA Draft.
Despite their own beliefs that they would be taken in the first round, Rickert was not drafted until the 55th overall selection (26th in the second round) by the Minnesota Timberwolves. Rickert failed to make the team and went to play in Slovenia for Novo Mesto. Rickert has played with: Krka Novo Mesto (Adriatic League/Euroleague), Minnesota Timberwolves (NBA - preseason only), Asheville Altitude (D-League), Panellinios B.C. Athens (Greece), Lleida Bàsquet (Spain - 2nd Division), Fayetteville Patriots (D-League), Detroit Pistons (NBA - preseason only), Colorado 14ers (D-League), the D-League All Star Team that traveled to China, representing the U.S. in the world tournament (D-League), and the New Zealand Breakers (Australasian National Basketball League).
Kevin Garnett punched Rickert during a 2004 pick-up game, leading to stitches and a chipped tooth.
In 2007, Rickert signed to play with the New Zealand Breakers in the Australasian NBL. In June 2008, they re-signed with the New Zealand Breakers. In the 2008–09 season, they averaged 13.6 points and 8.1 rebounds. They played 73 game overall for the Breakers. Rick played for the Harbour Heat during the 2010 New Zealand NBL season.
After Rickert played in the Australian League with the NZ Breakers for 3 seasons, their career took them back to Europe playing for ENBW Ludwigsburg in Germany's BEKO BBL top league. During this season, Rickert broke their nose and cheek during a game going up for a rebound leading to months wearing a face mask during practice and games.
In 2011, Rickert played in Puerto Rico for the Bayamon Vaqueros in the Baloncesto Superior Nacional (BSN). Rickert was a leading scorer and rebounder in this league.
In 2011, Rickert signed with Kyoto, Hannaryz in Japan. Their impact in Japan as a player and person was successful and welcomed leading to 7 seasons playing for top teams in Japan's professional leagues. Rickert is one of the few players who have played in all of the Japanese professional leagues. They played in both of the top leagues called The BJ League and The NBL League, as well as the recently developed professional league which combined both leagues, now named the B League. During Rickert's basketball career in Japan, they played for Kyoto Hannaryz, Osaka Evessa, Wakayama Trians, Chiba Jets, and Ibraki Robots.
After Rickert finished their season with Osaka Evessa, they were signed to play for the Wellington Saints. On 6 June 2013, the Wellington Saints signed Rickert for the rest of the 2013 season.
In 2018, Rickert retired after 15 professional basketball seasons.
References
External links
Profile at Eurobasket.com
Profile at andthefoul.net
Euroleague.net Profile
1983 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in New Zealand
American expatriate basketball people in Slovenia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Asheville Altitude players
Basketball players from Minnesota
Centers (basketball)
Chiba Jets Funabashi players
Colorado 14ers players
Cyberdyne Ibaraki Robots players
Fayetteville Patriots players
Greek Basket League players
Harbour Heat players
KK Krka players
Kyoto Hannaryz players
McDonald's High School All-Americans
Riesen Ludwigsburg players
Minnesota Golden Gophers men's basketball players
Minnesota Timberwolves draft picks
New Zealand Breakers players
Osaka Evessa players
Panellinios B.C. players
Parade High School All-Americans (boys' basketball)
Power forwards (basketball)
Sportspeople from Duluth, Minnesota
Wakayama Trians players
Wellington Saints players
The Hour of the Furnaces () is a 1968 Argentine film directed by Octavio Getino and Fernando Solanas. 'The paradigm of revolutionary activist cinema', it addresses the politics of the 'Third worldist' films and Latin-American manifesto of the late 1960s. It is a key part of the 'Third Cinema', a movement that emerged in Latin America around the same time as the film's release. The work is a four-hour trilogy, divided into chapters and united by the theme of dependency and liberation. The first part - "Neo-Colonialism and Violence" - is conceived for diffusion in all types of circuits, and is the one presented at Cannes Classics.
Plot
In 1965, Fernando Solanas and Octavio Getino began collaborating on a documentary film that would serve as a witness to Argentina's reality. They began gathering archival material – newsreels – and testimony from Peronist Resistance fighters, intellectuals, and university leaders. The filmmakers' quest took them all throughout the nation, as evidenced by the subtitle of the film: 'Notes and Testimonies on Neocolonialism, Violence, and Liberation.
The filmmakers gradually amended their original concept and part of their thoughts during this procedure (which lasted from late 1965 to mid-1968). They included a revisionist perspective of history as well as a focus on the Peronist working class as the central figure in Argentina's revolutionary change. They, like many other intellectuals in those years, underwent a transformation from the old left to a national left. Because of the film's adherence to forbidden Peronism, particularly its most extreme wing, its revolutionary demands, and the desire to inscribe it into the fights for social change, they had to resort to an alternate screening circuit when a new military dictatorship came to power in 1966.
Audiovisual counterpoint, the relationship between sound and image is integral to the film's establishment of its themes. For example, in the first part of the film, a series of wealthy individuals watch a cattle auction. The film cuts between the wealthy people and the cattle in rapid succession while the announcer describes the cows. This form of montage results in the viewer seeing the event as a kind of performance by the rich, expressing their best qualities in order to gain social status.
Analysis
The hour of furnaces captures many of struggles and issues that Argentinians face. The classism is largely noticed as in the movie as the poor get poorer, and those who are able to gain an education, opportunities, born into wealthier families, etc. They are able to grow more and become the middle/ upper class of society. Those that are not able to be given the same opportunities continue to struggle and are placed in extreme poverty in the Argentinian rural areas. The documentary also displays some of the cons that come with a capitalist states that are not able to give everyone the same opportunities due to lack of resources, classism, or desire for more wealth while others struggle.
The film also portrays how mass communications is the place for war. Mass communication is very effective in either silencing populations or in activating them. In the film the mobilization of the masses are silenced. Information is censored to try and get people to forget about their situation. If people know nothing else, their situation becomes normal.
Participants
María de la Paz as a narrator
Fernando E. Solanas as a narrator
Edgardo Suárez as a narrator
Fidel Castro as themselves (archive footage)
Ernesto 'Che' Guevara as themselves (archive footage)
Mao Zedong as themselves (archive footage)
Eva Perón as themselves (archive footage)
Juan Domingo Perón as themselves (archive footage)
Production and Distribution
The production of The Hour of the Furnaces lasted from 1966 to 1968 and utilized techniques that have since then been described as "guerilla style filmmaking," and a documentary-like style to convey its message. The team behind The Hour of the Furnaces recorded citizens of Argentina as they went about their daily lives, supplementing their work with archival footage and works by other filmmakers. Perhaps the most notably, The Hour of the Furnaces features a section from the 1960 Argentinian film Tire dié (English: Throw a Dime). In addition to the archival footage and documentary work, some scenes of The Hour of the Furnaces were recreations by the filmmakers.
Due to political considerations of the time, The Hour of the Furnaces saw an incredibly limited release in Argentina and was primarily shown in underground clubs and organizations. The film was segmented into several parts with the intention that viewers would take the time to discuss each individual section after it was completed.
Reception and Impact
Writing in the New York Times, critic Vincent Canby described the movie as "a unique film exploration of a nation's soul."
In Argentina, the emergence of La Hora de los Hornos sparked a surge in militant filmmaking. Grupo Cine Liberación began screening the film on a clandestine exhibition circuit as soon as it was completed, aided by mobile units in the major cities. Simultaneously, the group released materials on political cinema (including their best-known manifesto, Towards a Third Cinema).
Prizes
Mostra Internazionale del Cinema Nuovo (Pesaro, Italy, 1968): Gran Premio de la Crítica
Festival Internacional de Manheim (West Germany, 1968): Premio del Publico; Premio FIPRESCI, Cines de Arte y Ensayo; Premio Ecuménico.
British Film Institute: Best Foreign Film (1974)
Crítica de Los Angeles: One of the Ten Best Films of the 1970s
Festival de Mérida (Venezuela, 1968): Best Film Prize
Semana de la crítica del Festival de Cannes (1969)
(Information from Fernando Solanas's official site.)
See also
Third Cinema
References
https://www.lib.berkeley.edu/mrcvault/videographies/hour-furnaces-la-hora-de-los-hornos
External links
http://www.bfi.org.uk/sightandsound/feature/49831
1968 films
Films about anti-fascism
Films about revolutions
Films about totalitarianism
Argentine documentary films
The 1941 All-Ireland Minor Football Championship was the 13th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Football Championship, the Gaelic Athletic Association's premier inter-county Gaelic football tournament for boys under the age of 18. As a result of the Emergency it was the last championship to be staged until 1945.
Louth entered the championship as defending champions.
Roscommon won the championship following a 3-6 to 0-7 defeat of Louth in the All-Ireland final. This was their second All-Ireland title and their first in two championship seasons.
Results
Connacht Minor Football Championship
Leinster Minor Football Championship
Munster Minor Football Championship
Ulster Minor Football Championship
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Semi-Finals
Final
| 1941
| Roscommon
| 3–06
| Louth
| 0–07
References
1941
All-Ireland Minor Football Championship
Blejești is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Baciu, Blejești and Sericu.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
ISO 3166-2:KG is the entry for Kyrgyzstan in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Kyrgyzstan, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 2 cities and 7 regions. The cities Bishkek and Osh have special status equal to the regions.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Kyrgyzstan. The second part is either of the following:
one letter: regions
two letters: city
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
ISO 639-1 codes are used to represent subdivision names in the following administrative languages:
(ky): Kirghiz
(ru): Russian
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998:
See also
Subdivisions of Kyrgyzstan
FIPS region codes of Kyrgyzstan
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: KG
Regions of Kyrgyzstan, Statoids.com
2:KG
ISO 3166-2
Kyrgyzstan geography-related lists
Grégory Campi (born 24 February 1976 in Monaco) is a Monegasque retired footballer. Besides Monaco, they have played in France, Italy, Belgium, and Canada.
Career
In 2001, they signed for Montreal Impact.
In 2004, they signed for Louvieroise.
References
Monegasque footballers
Association football forwards
Association football midfielders
1976 births
Living people
S.S.C. Bari players
Montreal Impact (1992–2011) players
Lille OSC players
R.A.A. Louviéroise players
S.S.D. Sanremese Calcio players
22nd New Brunswick general election may refer to:
1870 New Brunswick general election, the 22nd overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 22nd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 2nd general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick
1952 New Brunswick general election, the 42nd overall general election for New Brunswick, for the 42nd New Brunswick Legislative Assembly, but considered the 22nd general election for the Canadian province of New Brunswick
Fathabad (, also Romanized as Fatḩābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 16, in 5 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Fire-and-forget is a type of missile guidance which does not require further external intervention after launch such as illumination of the target or wire guidance, and can hit its target without the launcher being in line-of-sight of the target. This is an important property for a guided weapon to have, since a person or vehicle that lingers near the target to guide the missile (using, for instance, a laser designator) is vulnerable to attack and unable to carry out other tasks.
Generally, information about the target is programmed into the missile just prior to launch. This can include coordinates, radar measurements (including velocity), or an infrared image of the target. After it is fired, the missile guides itself by some combination of gyroscopes and accelerometers, GPS, onboard active radar homing, and infrared homing optics. Some systems offer the option of either continued input from the launch platform or fire-and-forget.
Fire-and-forget missiles can be vulnerable to soft-kill systems on modern main battle tanks, in addition to existing hard-kill systems. As opposed to unguided RPGs which require a hard-kill system (a counter projectile(s) used to destroy the incoming missile), fire-and-forget missiles can often be jammed by means such as electro-optical dazzlers.
Examples
Many of these are infrared homing missiles; some of the remainder (e.g. AIM-120) are active radar guided.
AGM-84H/K SLAM-ER
AAM-4 (Type 99 AAM)
AASM HAMMER (SBU-38, -54, -64)
Akeron MP
AGM-65 Maverick
AGM-84 Harpoon
AGM-114L Longbow Hellfire
AIM-9 Sidewinder
AIM-120 AMRAAM
Akash missile
CITEFA AS-25K
Astra missile
Brimstone
Brahmos Supersonic Land Attack Missile
EXACTO
AM39 Exocet
FGM-148 Javelin
FIM-92 Stinger
Firestreak (1959–1988; British tail-chase infrared AAM fitted to Sea Vixen, Javelin, Lightning.)
Hermes (missile)
Sosna-R
HJ-9A
IRIS-T
Kh-25 (Soviet Union)
Kh-29D
Kh-35
Kh-59
LFK NG
MICA
Nag
PARS 3 LR
PL-12
RBS 15
Red Dean (1950s British active-radar AAM. Early trial firings only; cancelled before service entry.)
Red Top (1964–1988; British all-aspect infrared-homing missile fitted to Sea Vixen and Lightning.)
Roketsan UMTAS
RIM-66 Standard SM2, blocks IIIB and IVA only
RIM-174 Standard ERAM
Spike (missile)
SRAW Predator Antitank Missile
Type 01 LMAT
TUBITAK-SAGE SOM (missile) (Turkey)
Vympel R-27
Vympel R-73
Vympel R-77
FN-6
Kornet-EM
9M123 Khrizantema
9K333 Verba
P-800 Oniks
3M-54 Kalibr
Skif (ATGM)
Shershen
HJ-12
Nag/Prospina
Raybolt
See also
Precision-guided munition
Command guided
References
Missile guidance
Weapon guidance
Clinton Kelly (born February 22, 1969) is an American TV personality, author, and lifestyle consultant. They won an Emmy for their role as the moderator on the popular ABC daytime show The Chew. The Chew was nominated for multiple Emmys and ran for seven seasons.  They are also known for their role as co-host on the prime time reality show What Not to Wear, TLC's long-running reality program that featured fashion makeovers, for over 10 seasons. Kelly is currently a contributing columnist to Woman's Day magazine offering style advice. They have published several bestselling books, including their most recent, I Hate Everyone, Except You - a humorous and candid collection of essays. Kelly started their career as a freelance writer for several fashion magazines and was an editor for Marie Claire and Mademoiselle.
Early years
Kelly was born in Panama City, Panama and raised in Port Jefferson Station, New York. They graduated from Comsewogue High School in 1987. Kelly recounts parts of their upbringing and childhood in their book, I Hate Everyone, Except You. They attended Boston College and graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Communications in 1991; they were president of Boston College's University Chorale. Kelly always wanted to be a novelist, but was afraid of “being broke” if they became a writer. They instead decided to pursue a master's degree in journalism, specializing in magazine publishing, from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University in 1993. They credit their training from Medill as one of the reasons they were able to transition seamlessly into magazine editing - and ultimately television. They liken the mindset of editing a magazine to be very similar to what is needed when producing a television show.
Career
Magazines
Before joining What Not to Wear, Kelly worked as a freelance writer and editor at several publications in New York. Kelly wrote about a range of topics including fitness, travel and relationships. They began their career in fashion when Kelly became an editor at Marie Claire and a deputy editor at Mademoiselle, where they contributed under the pseudonym "Joe L'Amour". They later became the executive editor of the DNR, a New York-based weekly men's fashion and retail trade magazine. They currently contribute to Women's Day as a columnist and style expert.
Television
While Kelly was at DNR, the producers at TLC's What Not to Wear decided to recast the original male lead and approached Kelly. After three auditions, Kelly was chosen as the new co-host, alongside Stacy London. They have described their relationship as "a brother and sister in the backseat of a car on a long car trip". The premise was to help participants refresh their wardrobes, and get them to look – and feel – better. Though makeover shows typically focus on the final look of the participant, this show highlighted the internal change and confidence participants gained during the makeover process. Kelly often asked contributors if their clothes made them feel beautiful and the majority of contributors admitted that they did not. Kelly said of the ultimate purpose of the show:
“Having a style is a great way to get what you want from your life. When your style is aligned with who you are, you feel empowered.”
Kelly is openly gay, but in comparing What Not to Wear with the show Queer Eye—which pioneered gay men making over people seen as needing fashion advice—the Washington Blade noted some key differences: "[U]nless you have your gaydar on while watching the show, you would have no idea. There's nothing 'gay' about the show and they don't really talk about it on air. Viewers trust Kelly's expertise based on the strength of their choices rather than on the 'he's gay and they should know' fashion theory."
The show had over 350 contributors, those who experienced the makeovers, many of whom Kelly is still in contact with. It was the impact on these contributors that kept Kelly engaged in the show for so long: “The only reason I was able to do that show for 10 years is because I knew I was helping women,” Kelly said. “It wasn't just about the clothes; I felt I could continue empowering through this.”
Kelly became the moderator of the ABC daytime show The Chew in 2011. Kelly was selected for The Chew after meeting a producer who had read their 2008 book, “Freakin' Fabulous: How to Dress, Speak, Behave, Eat, Drink, Entertain, Decorate, and Generally Be Better Than Everyone Else.” They did several screen tests, where the chemistry with their co-stars were evident, and started the show in 2011. The show featured food and lifestyle topics and relied on the chemistry of the co-hosts. The show was more reflective of Kelly's interests and actual life, when not on TV, as it covered food, entertaining, and lifestyle topics. It ran for seven seasons and was a staple in ABC's weekday lineup. In 2015, Kelly shared the Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Informative Talk Show Host with their cohosts on The Chew. Kelly reflected on the positive energy and goal of the show to have fun: “That's a great feeling that people are tuning in because they enjoy hanging out and we're inspiring them to create things.” Kelly maintains close relationships with Michael Symon and Carla Hall.
In 2019, Kelly became the host of the fifth season of the Food Network's seasonal cooking competition show, Spring Baking Championship. Filming of the 2020 season has already been completed. The show consists of eight one-hour episodes and where 10 bakers compete for the ultimate grand prize of $25,000 and the title of Champion. Kelly also hosts the Haunted Gingerbread Showdown for the Food Network where nine gingerbread artists create displays to impress the judges for an ultimate prize and a feature in Food Network Magazine. They have also been featured and served as a guest judge on other Food Network shows where their expertise in lifestyle, entertaining and food is relied upon.
They have also hinted to fans that they are developing a new show in the home space.
Books
In 2017 they published their memoirs as a series of essays entitled I Hate Everyone, Except You. Kelly described the experience of writing their memoirs: This book really was about finally allowing myself to open up to the people who watched me on television for the past 15 or so years. It's basically a way of me saying, “I know that you probably have an idea of who I am, and to a certain extent you're right, but that's not all of who I am.” I'm actually just kind of regular guy who got lucky enough to have a job on television. And I've had all the kinds of crazy experiences and embarrassments that you've had in your life as well. This is a way for me to share myself that I feel comfortable with, especially in today's society of oversharing.
They published Freaking Fabulous on a Budget in 2013. In 2010, they wrote Oh No They Didn't, telling the do's and don'ts of women's fashion. In 2008, Kelly wrote Freakin' Fabulous: How to Dress, Speak, Behave, Eat, Drink, Entertain, Decorate, and Generally be Better than Everyone Else. In 2005, Kelly and Stacy London co-wrote a book titled Dress Your Best: The Complete Guide to Finding the Style That's Right for Your Body.
They have also created a popular web series on their social media called Basic Grammar for Basic B*****s. The web series is a light-hearted approach to educating people on common grammar mistakes, examples are often taken from trolls who have posted on their social media.
Design
Their Miami home has also been featured in publications for interior design. They designed the space to reflect their personality and features mid-century modern designs and flea market finds. They and their husband renovated the space using unusual pairings with unique finds. “I wanted something different, something fun.” They approached the space with “no rules” and endeavored to mix color, texture, pattern, and shine to reflect their personality.
Personal life
Kelly is married to Damon Bayles, a psychologist. They were married in 2009 at their home in Connecticut. Their Jack Russell terrier, Mary, is a rescue dog and is a feature of many of their social media posts. They split their time between Manhattan, Connecticut, and Miami Beach.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
American male journalists
American television personalities
Boston College alumni
Fashion stylists
Gay entertainers
LGBT broadcasters from the United States
LGBT fashion designers
LGBT journalists from the United States
LGBT people from New York (state)
Medill School of Journalism alumni
People from Port Jefferson, New York
American fashion designers
21st-century LGBT people
Nils Vogt (27 October 1859 – 27 June 1927) was a Norwegian journalist and newspaper editor. Born into a family of politicians and civil servants, they became the first chairperson of the Norwegian Press Association and the Conservative Press Association. Vogt worked at the conservative newspaper Morgenbladet for 45 years, acting as editor-in-chief from 1894 to 1913. They wrote numerous articles during their lifetime, advocating independence from Sweden and the Riksmål standard of written Norwegian.
Early life and education
Nils Vogt was born in Bergen as the son of politician Niels Petersen Vogt (1817–94) and their wife Karen Magdalena ("Kaja") Ancher Arntzen (1819–70). Amongst Nils Vogt's forebears were many politicians and government officials. Their brother was Paul Benjamin Vogt (1863–1947) and their second cousins were Johan Vogt (1858–1932), Nils Collett Vogt (1864–1937) and Ragnar Vogt (1870–1943). Growing up in Kristiansand and Christiania (today Oslo), they finished their secondary education in 1876. They graduated with a cand.jur. degree in 1881 after having studied law at the Royal Frederick University in Christiania.
Journalistic and political career
After a brief stint in Statistics Norway, Vogt began devoting their life to journalism, picking up a job for the newspaper Morgenbladet. Their decision to make a career within journalism was met with disdain among their peers and family. They worked in the beginning as sub-editor for the editor-in-chief Christian Friele, whom they succeeded in 1894. The press historian Rune Ottosen writes in Vogt's entry for Norsk biografisk leksikon that they "unfolded their wide journalistic commitment for politics" in the newspaper. Having a profound interest in the plays of Henrik Ibsen, Vogt also wrote theatre reviews for the newspaper. From 1905 to 1915, Vogt was a correspondent to The Times. They subsequently are correspondent to Stockholms Dagblad and other newspapers in Northern Europe.
When it came to politics, Vogt was a conservative with many liberal opinions. They disagreed with Francis Hagerup, who supported the Union between Sweden and Norway. In their political articles, they championed the Riksmål written standard and the policies of Michelsen's Cabinet.
Having founded the Conservative Press Association in 1892, Vogt was its first chairperson, serving from 1892 to 1898 and from 1906 to 1909. They were also elected the first chairperson of the Norwegian Press Association (NP), notwithstanding their controversial position in the press of Kristiania. In 1910, they penned an article for the periodical Samtiden entitled "Pressen og kapitalen" ("The Press and The Capital"), in which they made the distinction between newspaper editors who were solely motivated by profit and those who regarded the job as an ideal life mission. The article was reprinted in their 1913 book Under Frieles haand og paa egen.
In 1910, controversy arose in the NP when lawyer Olaf Madsen – who had cooperated with Ola Thommessen for more than 20 years at the newspaper Verdens Gang and was responsible for its economic decisions – wanted to have more dividend for their investments in the newspaper. Editor Ola Thommessen considered this to be an inappropriate intervention in the editorial part of the newspaper, and took their staff with them and started a new newspaper named Tidens Tegn. Vogt supported Thommessen in their decision, and came at odds with the chairperson of Morgenbladets board, lawyer and politician Edmund Harbitz. Both left Morgenbladet in the summer of 1913 as a result of to disaccord, although Vogt continued as theatre and literature critic in the paper until their 1927 death. As editor, Vogt was succeeded by C. J. Hambro.
Marriage, honours and death
On 6 November 1884, Vogt married Helena Andrea Ottesen (1861–1906). Acting as Norwegian president in the Nordic press partnership, they attended the press meetings in Kristiania in 1899 and in Copenhagen in 1902. They were also delegated to the international press congresses in Stockholm (1897), Rome (1899) and Berlin (1909). They were decorated as a Knight, First Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav in 1907. They were also a knight of the Danish Order of the Dannebrog and the French Legion of Honour. Vogt died in Aker (now Oslo) on 27 June 1927.
Notes and references
Endnotes
Notes
Bibliography
1859 births
1927 deaths
Journalists from Bergen
University of Oslo alumni
Norwegian literary critics
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian theatre critics
Knights of the Order of the Dannebrog
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Morgenbladet people
Raisen is a town and a municipality in Raisen district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It is the administrative headquarters of Raisen District. Raisen takes its name from the massive fort at the top of a hill. The town is located at the foot. The name is probably a corruption of Rajavasini or Rajasayan—the royal residence. The famous places to visit in Raisen district are Raisen Fort, Dargah, and Sanchi Stupa. Raisen is 45.5 km from the state capital Bhopal.
Raisen was repeatedly attacked by the Mughal Army in the early 16th century. In 1528, the first jauhar was led by Rani Chanderi. After the Mughal army left, the kingdom refused to accept orders from Delhi. After a long siege of Raisen fort, that exhausted all supplies within the fort, Rani Durgavati and 700 Raisen women committed the second jauhar in 1532, the men led by Lakshman Tomar committed saka. This refusal to submit to Mughal rule repeated, and in 1543 the third jauhar was led by Rani Ratnavali.
Geography
The region is predominantly agrarian.
Transport
The nearest airport is Bhopal Airport.
Tourist Attraction
Raisen is mainly known for its ancient age tourist attractions such as Raisen Fort, Sanchi Stupa, Bhimbetka and Bhojpur town. The city is surrounded by hills and witnesses a number of tourists visiting the city every year.
Raisen Fort
Raisen fort is one of the ancient forts of Madhya Pradesh built in 11th century. It is located on the north west corner of the Gondwana on a hilltop on Vindhyanchal range. It has been known for Shiva temple and Mahashivaratri celebrations. Raisen fort has strong connection with Sallam (Salame) dynasty of Gondwana who has also erected two strong forts ( Ginnaurgarh fort and Fatehgarh fort) in Bhopal Gondwana kingdom. Raja Sangram Shah and Rani Durgavati of Garha Mandla had strongholds through many other Rajput kings on this fort until 1564. Sher Shah Suri also repeatedly tried to capture this fort after the 15th century.
Raisen in Madhya Pradesh was repeatedly attacked by the Mughal Army in the early 16th century. In 1528, the first jauhar was led by Rani Chanderi. After the Mughal army left, the kingdom refused to accept orders from Delhi. After a long siege of Raisen fort, that exhausted all supplies within the fort, Rani Durgavati and 700 Raisen women committed the second jauhar in 1532, the men led by Lakshman Tuar committed saka. This refusal to submit to Mughal rule repeated, and in 1543 the third jauhar was led by Rani Ratnavali.
Sanchi Stupa
Sanchi Stupa is a Buddhist complex and world heritage site situated on the hilltop of Sanchi town. The Stupa was constructed by emperor Ashoka in 3rd century BCE. Many tourists (mostly people belonging to Buddhist community) visit Sanchi every year. A museum is also built in the town which has multiple historical items belonging to Stupa.
Bhojpur
Bhojpur is an ancient and religious town in the Raisen district and one of the most popular tourist attraction in Madhya Pradesh. Bhojpur is mainly known for its unfinished Bhojeshwar Temple and Jain Temple. The Bhojeshwar Temple has 18 feet Shivalinga which is known as largest Shivalinga in the world built in ancient time. A Jain temple is also built near to the Bhojeshwar Temple.
Bhimbetka
The Bhimbetka rock shelters are an archaeological site in the Raisen District that spans the prehistoric paleolithic and mesolithic periods, as well as the historic period. It exhibits the earliest traces of human life on the Indian subcontinent and evidence of Stone Age starting at the site in Acheulian times.
Demographics
India census, Raisen had a population of 35,553. Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%. Raisen has an average literacy rate of 66%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 72%, and female literacy is 59%. In Raisen, 15% of the population is under 6 years of age.
References
Cities and towns in Raisen district
Raisen Fort
The Mellor Orion (previously known as the Bluebird Orion) is a minibus body manufactured on Fiat Ducato chassis since 2011, introduced by Bluebird Vehicles and subsequently built by Mellor Coachcraft since 2014. Several variants are produced, including the long-wheelbase Orion Plus and the fully electric Orion E. In 2021, Mellor launched an updated version known as the Orion Evolution.
An eight-seater private hire taxi variant, known as the Mellor Pico, was launched in 2019 on short-wheelbase Fiat Ducato chassis.
Operators
Orion
The Mellor Orion has proven popular with local councils in providing accessible transport, home-to-school transport and demand responsive or low-demand rural services. One of the largest customers for the Orion has been Dorset County Council, who took delivery of 39 Orions between 2016 and 2018 in a major renewal of their minibus fleet. Other large customers for the Orion include Nottinghamshire County Council, who have taken delivery of eleven examples; Durham County Council, who operate seven Orions; and Edinburgh City Council, who ordered twelve vehicles in 2019.
The Orion has also been offered to foreign markets. In early 2014, a Bluebird Orion Plus was exported to Australia and tested by several operators after being route tested by Australasian Bus & Coach magazine.
Orion E
The first production Orion E entered service in 2019 with the National Galleries of Scotland on a shuttle service between its three sites. Seven Orion Es were delivered to First West Yorkshire in Leeds in 2021 for the new Flexibus East Leeds demand responsive transport service. Cheshire West and Chester Council took delivery of an Orion E in 2022 to join their existing fleet of diesel Orions, marking the council's first investment in electric buses. Other customers include Nottingham City Council, who are evaluating a single Orion E alongside other electric vehicles as part of their Project EVE.
Pico
The Mellor Pico was launched at the Busworld exposition in Brussels in October 2019. Aimed at the taxi and demand responsive market, the Pico is built on the shortest wheelbase Fiat Ducato chassis and contains up to eight passenger seats, competing with contemporary taxis such as the LEVC TX.
References
Fiat vehicles
Mellor Coachcraft
Minibuses
Update is a jazz album produced by 44 Records and producer Jacky Wagner, released in 2004. The album was critically acclaimed by Jazz Podium magazine as the first initial recording for the Berlin Jazz Orchestra with vocal artist Marc Secara. Jazz artist Jiggs Whigham is featured on this release as both instrumentalist (trombone) and musical director and Steve Gray's arrangements are featured on this recording.
Background
After being founded in 2000, the Berlin Jazz Orchestra had their first release with the label 44 Records in 2004 (Update) produced by Jacky Wagner. Roughly the same program was to be released later in 2007 for You're Everything and also adding two more Steve Grays works to include an original composition and vocal suite. The Update CD release was widely accepted by critics and many details of Steve Gray's arrangements were worked out in the studio.
Track listing
Recording sessions
2004, Berlin, Traumton - Studios (17 piece ensembles)
Personnel
Musicians
Conductor and solo trombone: Jiggs Whigham
Arranger: Steve Gray
Vocals: Marc Secara
Alto Saxophone: Jonas Schoen, Nico Lohmann
Tenor Saxophone: Patrick Braun, Thomas Walter
Baritone Saxophone: Nik Leistle
Trumpet: Daniel Collette, Jürgen Hahn, Martin Gerwig, Nikolaus Neuser
Trombone: Arne Fischer, Christoph Hermann, Ralf Zickerick, Simon Harrer
Piano: Claus-Dieter Bandorf
Guitar: Jeanfrançois Prins
Bass: Ralph Graessler
Drums: Tobias Backhaus
Percussion: Uli Moritz
Production
Executive producer: Jacky Wagner
Producer: Jiggs Whigham
Associate Producer: Marc Secara
Recording engineers: Staff for Traumton - Studios
Mixing engineer and mastering: Traumton - Studios
Liner notes: Jacky Wagner
Reception
talented hopefuls for the Big Band...Marc Secara and their Berlin Jazz Orchestra have already acquired a reputation for being equipped with a big voice and tasteful timbre, they are 'guilty of nothing'... What the band, had a 'so-called' Background to offer...a smooth hit.
Jazzpodium
Release history
See also
Berlin Jazz Orchestra
Marc Secara
Jiggs Whigham
References
External links
2004 albums
Jazz albums by German artists
Big band albums
Vocal jazz albums
Amelia Bayntun (31 March 1919 – January 1988) was an English stage and television actor.
Career
Bayntun started their stage career in 1937, when they joined the Bristol Unity Players. During World War II, they were in Stars in Battledress performing in Italy and Austria after the end of hostilities. In between engagements, they ran a pub with their husband, and occasionally sang as Marie Lloyd at London's Players' Theatre. In 1960 they appeared on stage in Joan Littlewood's production of Sparrers Can't Sing at the Theatre Royal Stratford East, and in its later West End transfer.
They played in the TV series Dixon of Dock Green in early 1962, and in the same year was chosen to play the part of Mrs Blitzein in Lionel Bart's musical Blitz!. In this they became a great hit and played the part for the full 568 performances. After this they were not seen in any major role. They played in a number of Carry On films and on TV, including an episode of On the Buses, usually as an elderly cockney or battleaxe.
Filmography
Thunderball (1965) - Mrs Karlski (uncredited)
Carry On Camping (1969) - Mrs Fussey
Carry On Loving (1970) - Corset Lady
The Railway Children (1970) - Cook (uncredited)
Carry On At Your Convenience (1971) - Mrs Spragg (uncredited)
Carry On Matron (1972) - Mrs Jenkins
Carry On Abroad (1972) - Mrs Tuttle
English TV series
Dixon of Dock Green (1962) - Mrs. Taylor
The Wednesday Play:
Tomorrow, Just You Wait (1965) - Ada Gorbet
The Big Man Coughed and Died (1966) - Mona's mother
Adam Adamant Lives! (1966) - Charity
Z-Cars (1969) - Lily Oldham
On the Buses:
Lost Property (1971) - Woman
Albert! (1971-1972) - Mrs. Ada Bissel (regular role - series 3 & 4)
Play for Today:
Edna, the Inebriate Woman (1971) - Jessie, a Tramp
Man Above Men (1973) - Mrs. Marshall
References
Programme Notes for Adelphi Theatre performance of "Blitz!"
External links
1919 births
1988 deaths
English television actores
English film actores
English stage actores
Actresses from Bristol
20th-century English actores
20th-century British businesspeople
The lance-nosed chameleon, also known as a blade chameleon (Calumma gallus) is endemic to eastern Madagascar.
Distribution and habitat
This chameleon is found in eastern Madagascar, in several areas including Ambavaniasy, Ampasimbe, Andekaleka, Betampona, Ile aux Prunes, Karianga, Lokomby, Mahanoro, Manombo, Vohidrazana and Zahamena.
References
gallus
Reptiles described in 1877
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Fauna of the Madagascar lowland forests
This is a list of football clubs in Lesotho.
For a complete list see :Category:Football clubs in Lesotho
A
Arsenal (Maseru)
B
Bantu FC (Mafeteng)
Botha Bothe Roses
Butha-Buthe Warriors
J
Joy (Leribe)
L
Lerotholi Polytechnic (Maseru)
Lesotho Correctional Services (Maseru)
Lesotho Defence Force FC (Maseru)
Lesotho Mounted Police Service FC (Maseru)
Lioli FC (Teyateyaneng)
Limkokwing FC (Maseru)
Linare FC (Leribe)
Likhopo FC (Maseru)
Liphakoe (Quthing)
M
Majantja FC (Mohale's Hoek)
Manonyane FC (Roma)
Maseru Brothers FC (Maseru)
Matlama FC (Maseru)
Mazenod Swallows (Maseru)
Melele FC (Qacha'nek)
Mphatlalatsane FC (Maseru)
N
Nyenye Rovers (Maputsoe)
Q
Qoaling Highlanders FC (Maseru)
R
Roma Rovers (Maseru)
S
Sandawana FC (Makheka)
External links
RSSSF
Football clubs
Lesotho
Football clubs
"The Armory" is the second episode of the first season of the TNT science fiction drama Falling Skies, which originally aired June 19, 2011, alongside the pilot episode.
The episode was written by Graham Yost and directed by Greg Beeman.
Weaver sends Tom and a squad to scout out a possible weapons armory, but they are taken hostage by a group of outlaws who then try to use Tom and their team as leverage to acquire food and weapons. The trade is interrupted by an alien ship, which kills most of the outlaws. Their leader, Pope, is taken into custody. Margaret, another one of the outlaws, agrees to fight for the 2nd Mass and help Tom find their enslaved son Ben, who was seen at a nearby hospital only days before.
In the United States, the two-hour series premiere achieved a viewership of 5.91 million, making it the most-watched series premiere of 2011. The episode received a 2.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic, translating to 2.6 million viewers according to the Nielsen ratings.
Plot
At the Armory, Tom and the other members gather to see if aliens are present. Hal throws a tennis ball to the entrance, hoping that the dog will go for the ball. The dog moves forward, barking and a "mech" appears. Before it can kill the dog, Jimmy stops it, compromising their position. They all move before the Mech attacks.
The next morning, Tom informs Weaver about the previous night's events. They tell Tom to return again tonight. Anne then confronts Weaver about the current sleeping situation, where civilians are living in tents and the fighters in houses. Anne deems it unfair, yet Weaver believes the soldiers need proper rest. Anne and Tom then discuss "civilians vs the military". The pair then watch Uncle Scott teach the young kids about biology. Later, Uncle Scott talks to Tom about the aliens. They point out that robots humans created were made to look human, with two legs, yet the Skitters' mechs also have two legs, despite a Skittery having six. Tom theorizes the Skitters may have studied Earth before the invasion, and deployed bipedal machines as a form of psychological intimidation. After running in to Lourdes, Karen talks to Hal about their intention. Hal doesn't seem to care about Lourdes and kisses Karen. Tom interrupts, telling Hal they are due to return to the Armory later.
Later that night, the group get ready. Jimmy is told that Click will be going in their place which disappoints him. At the Armory, Click is shot and killed by two arrows and as they go down, they shoot someone in the leg. It is revealed to be not aliens, but a group of outlaws who capture the group. The outlaws, led by a man named John Pope, take the group to an auditorium, tying them up. Pope interrogates them and Tom responds to all theirs answers. Pope pulls a gun on Tom, but Hal tells them that they can help them get weapons. Hal is led out of the auditorium by Margaret, a woman in Pope's gang, who gives them one hour to go back and get guns from the 2nd Mass. Tom and Pope discuss the aliens and Tom discovers that Pope is a gifted fighter. Tom asks for a beer and untied by Pope, who notices Tom eying their brother's sidearm. They confront them about it and Tom asks "What would you do?"
Hal returns and informs Weaver about the situation. Weaver says they will not trade with Pope and orders Mike to take Hal upstairs as prisoner until they are ready to leave. Mike, however, allows Hal to leave and on the way, Hal runs into Anne, who offers them assistance. They both return to find Margaret who escorts them back to Pope. Anne offers their assistance in relation to Pope's wounded brother, Billy. They bandage up their leg and Pope leaves him, Cueball and Margaret in charge of the prisoners as they and their other outlaws attempt to rob the 2nd Mass.
Pope sends a flare into the air to alert the airships, giving Weaver an ultimatum. Weaver reluctantly agrees and hands over food and ammunition. Back at Pope's base, Billy, Cueball and Margaret hold Tom and the others captive. Billy tells Karen to stand up and show their body, aggravating Margaret, who kills Billy and Cueball. They then lets the hostages go.
As Pope and their group load up the car, Tom and the other militia fire at them with guns, killing some of Pope's men. Tom offers them an ultimatum: "Join or die." Pope declines and waits for the aliens' attack. An airship flies above Pope, who drives away, allowing their men to be killed by the ships. Pope pulls aside not far away, trying to escape, but Weaver pulls a gun on him, taking them prisoner.
The next day, Weaver talks to Tom about the events that occurred the previous night. They then hands Pope over to Tom, who puts them in custody. Tom meets up with Matt for a quick game of catch. After, Tom, Hal, Karen, Dai, Anthony and Margaret go in search for Ben at a local hospital.
Production
Development
The episode was written by Graham Yost and directed by Greg Beeman. This marks Beeman's first directional episode of the series. They later goes on to direct the third episode in the series, Prisoner of War and the season finale, Eight Hours.
The episode was filmed in July 2010, a year before the episode's original airing.
Greg Beeman stated that their first big project in the episode was to occupy an entire neighborhood. They needed to find an area that showed "No sign of humanity besides our fighters. That means we could see no cars driving by, no planes flying by, no incidental pedestrians, etc, etc… Sometimes we had to take these kinds of things out digitally – but, mostly, we had to figure out ways to frame them out."
The Armory marks the first appearance of Colin Cunningham's character John Pope and Sarah Carter's character, Margaret. Pope is the leader of a post-apocalyptic gang and Margaret is a woman who used to be part of the gang. They helped Tom and their team escape after Pope holds them hostage.
Reception
Ratings
In its original American broadcast, the two-hour premiere of Falling Skies was seen by an estimated 5.9 million household viewers, according to Nielsen Media Research, making it cable television's #1 series launch of the year. It also delivered more than 2.6 million adults 18–49 and 3.2 million adults 25–54.
Reviews
At review aggregator Metacritic the first season scored 71%, based on 26 critic reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews."
Tim Goodman of The Hollywood Reporter wrote "...the entertainment value and suspense of Falling Skies is paced just right. You get the sense that we'll get those answers eventually. And yet, you want to devour the next episode immediately." Thomas Conner of the Chicago Sun-Times called it "...a trustworthy family drama but with aliens." They continued, "It's 'Jericho' meets 'V', with the good from both and the bad discarded. It'll raise the summer-TV bar significantly." Ken Tucker from Entertainment Weekly gave the series a B+ and wrote, "A similar, gradually developed, but decisive conviction makes Falling Skies an engaging, if derivative, chunk of dystopian sci-fi." They continued, "...Falling Skies rises above any one performance; it's the spectacle of humans versus aliens that draws you in."
References
2011 American television episodes
Falling Skies (season 1) episodes
The Federal Air Transport Agency ( - Federalnoye agentstvo vozdushnogo transporta, FAVT), also known as Rosaviatsiya (), or FATA, is the Russian government agency responsible for overseeing the civil aviation industry in Russia. Its headquarters are in Moscow.
It is also called the Russian Federation Civil Aviation Administration (RFCAA).
The Federal Air Transport Agency regularly works alongside the Interstate Aviation Committee in investigations of aviation accidents and incidents. Its U.S. equivalent is the Federal Aviation Administration.
History
The Federal Air Transport Agency was established in 2004 by Russian President Vladimir Putin. On March 9, 2004, Putin issued a decree, “On the System and Structure of Federal Executive Bodies,” in which the Agency was created. The Agency received many of the functions of the abolished Ministry of Transport of the Russian Federation.
A cyberattack on Rosaviatsia by hackers was unleashed in late March 2022 following the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The effect was massive disruption and the Russian agency released information that it had switched back to paper records: Due to temporary lack of access to Internet and malfunction of the electronic document flow system of Rosaviatsia the Federal Agency for Air Transport is switching to paper version. The document flow procedure is being determined by the current records management instructions. Information exchange will be carried out via AFTN channel (for urgent short message) and postal mail. Please make this information available to all Civil Aviation Organizations.
Due to budget limitations, Rosaviatsia did not have good backup of the hacked data.
Leadership
The head of the Federal Air Transport Agency is appointed and dismissed by the government of the Russian Federation. At its creation, the head was Nikolay Vladimirovich Shipil. Other heads followed, and since 2009, has headed the Agency.
Functions
The main functions of the Federal Air Transport Agency are:
organization of the execution of federal target programs and the federal target investment program;
provision of public services of public importance on conditions established by federal legislation to an indefinite number of persons, including for the purposes of: implementing a package of measures to organize the enforcement of international and domestic flights; implementation of a set of measures aimed at ensuring the security of transport infrastructure facilities and vehicles against acts of unlawful interference;
publication of individual legal acts on the basis of and pursuant to the Constitution of the Russian Federation, federal constitutional laws, federal laws, acts and instructions of the President of the Russian Federation, the Government of the Russian Federation and the Ministry of Transport of the Russian Federation;
governing the Unified Air Traffic Management System of the Russian Federation.
References
External links
Federal Air Transport Agency
Civil aviation in Russia
Russia
Russia
Government agencies of Russia
Transport organizations based in Russia
Town and Country Planning Act may refer to:
Town and Country Planning Act 1947 in the United Kingdom
Town and Country Planning Act 1977 in New Zealand
Town and Country Planning Act 1990 in the United Kingdom
Town and Country Planning (Scotland) Act 1997
The Tri-City Railroad (TCRY) is a privately owned Class III railroad established in 1999. It was founded by Randolph Peterson and is still owned by the Peterson family today.
The rail line Tri-City Railroad operates on is located in Richland, Washington and owned by the Port of Benton. Called the Southern Connection, it was constructed between 1949 and 1950 as a link to the rail lines inside the Hanford Nuclear Reservation.
Tri-City Railroad contracted with Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in 2005 to assist in its development of the Radiation Portal Monitoring System technology for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's use at railroad border crossings nationwide. In 2014 it contracted with Pacific Northwest National Laboratory to assist in testing for shock and vibration in the movement of spent nuclear fuel by rail.
Equipment
References
Washington (state) railroads
1987 ACC Tournament may refer to:
1987 ACC men's basketball tournament
1987 ACC women's basketball tournament
1987 ACC Men's Soccer Tournament
1987 Atlantic Coast Conference Baseball Tournament
Lee Sumyeong (Hangul: 이수명, born 1965) is a South Korean poet, critic, and translator. Them poetic style has reputation of being unfamiliar and difficult, but some also comment that they are a classicist as well as a modernist. One critic has said that they have already "laid out a completed road", upon the genealogy of modernism and that "many younger poets are working on that road", emphasizing the fact that their poetry was pioneering in how they overturned common usage of words and stereotypes.
Life
Born and raised in Seoul, Lee Sumyeong studied Korean language and literature at Seoul National University. Them debut publication of 5 poems in the literary journal Jakkasegye (Writer's World) won the journal's 1994 New Writer Award. In 2007, they received their doctorate from Chung-Ang University with a study of Kim Ku-yong, a major literary influence. Them monograph is one of the pioneering works about the hitherto rarely discussed poet.
 They are known as one of the poets that represents Korea's modernism since the 1990s. They have published many essays on poetry, critical essay collections, and research papers on modernism. They have won the 2nd Park In-Hwan Literary Award in 2001, the 12th Hyeondaesi (Contemporary Poetics) Award in 2011, the 12th Nojak Literary Prize in 2012, and the 7th Yi Sang Poetry Award in 2014. They participate in the 2016 Seoul International Writer's Festival (SIWF).
Writing
Lee Sumyeong has been strongly influenced by Korean avant-garde poets, including Yi Sang, Kim Ku-yong, and Kim Jongsam, as well as by Western poets like Wallace Stevens, Paul Celan, and René Char. Renowned for the "impenetrability" and the deceptive "tidy-style," Lee Sumyeong's works, some critics claim, may be interpreted as the search for a radical way to "let things, not humans, speak".
Lee Sumyeong's first poetry collection was Saeroun odoki georireul mewotda (새로운 오독이 거리를 메웠다 New Misreading Filled the Streets). The title signifies poet Lee Sumyeong's critical mind. Misreading is the act of distorting the linguistic content, but from the poet's perspective, language inevitably becomes in discordance with reality. Lee Sumyeong accepts this fact, and instead of attempting to do the impossible dream of copying reality accurately, they attempt to overturn everyday phrases. On that aspect, Lee Sumyeong was a poet who "started from the position of reflecting on the violence of lyric poetry and poetic subjects that have become a constituent custom" (Park Sang-su).
However, that does not mean that Lee Sumyeong's poetry is just speculative and ideological. In contrast, what they focus are efforts on capturing minute feelings during a specific moment. Instead of conventionally describing that, they try to restructure it with their own lucid and fantastical language. Lee Sumyeong's poetry can seem ambiguous, but by revealing a new aspect of an object that doesn't converge on an already established conceptual meaning, their poetry is evident of their critical mind that wants to offer readers fresh, raw feelings and imagination.
Them poetry often features unusual expressions. For instance, they write sentences where time and space are distorted such as ‘children streaming through the air the stairs are playing' or ‘One day I was conforming to my stone throwing. I was amongst the stones that I was throwing.' Through such expressions, Lee Sumyeong makes a very particular poetic universe. Thus, Lee Sumyeong's poetry is not read much by the public. However, their works have earned the acclaim of the literary critics from the 1990s, and even now they are having great influence on younger poets.
Early on, their poetry had many works that used ‘ice' as a symbolic image for everyday life. Meanwhile, from the 2010s they have used the image of ‘water' more often, switching the positions of the poetic subject and the narrator. Such experimentation was a result of attempting to find a world potentially there that does not actually exist.
Works
Collections of poems
Saeroun odoki georireul mewotda (새로운 오독이 거리를 메웠다 New Misreading Filled the Streets), Segyesa, 1995.
Waegarineun waegari nolireul handa (왜가리는 왜가리 놀이를 한다, Herons Play Heron's Play), Segyesa, 1998.
Bulgeun damjangui keobeu (붉은 담장의 커브 The Curve of the Red Wall), Minumsa, 2001
Goyangi bidioreul boneun goyangi (고양이 비디오를 보는 고양이 The Cat Watching the Cat Video), Moonji Publishing, 2004.
Eonjaena neomu maneun bideul (언제나 너무 많은 비들 Always Too Much Rain), Moonji Publishing, 2011.
Machi (마치 Just Like), Moonji Publishing, 2014
Mullyuchanggo (물류창고 Warehouse), Moonji Publishing, 2018
Prose works
Kim Gu-yonggwa Hanguk Hyeondaesi (김구용과 한국 현대시 Kim Gu-yong and Modern Korean Poetry), Korean Studies Information, 2008.
– monograph
Hoengdan (횡단 The Crossing), Munye Joongang, 2011. – essays on poetics
Gongseubui sidae (공습의 시대 The Age of Air Raids), Munhakdongne, 2016. – an idiosyncratic history of Korean poetry in the 1990s
Pyomyeonui sihak (표면의 시학 The Poetics of Surfaces), Nanda, 2018. – new essays on poetics
Translations
Duncan Heath, Introducing Romanticism, Gimm-Young Publishers, 2002.
Darian Leader, Introducing Lacan, Gimm-Young Publishers, 2002.
Jeff Collins, Introducing Derrida, Gimm-Young Publishers, 2003.
David Norris, Introducing Joyce, Gimm-Young Publishers, 2006.
Awards
1994 Jakkasegye (Writer's World) New Writer Award.
2001 Park In-Hwan Literary Award.
2011 Hyeondaesi (Contemporary Poetics) Award.
2012 Nojak Literary Prize.
2014 Yi Sang Poetry Award.
2018 Kim Chunsu Poetry Award.
Further reading
Son, Jineun, The Mind and Pattern of Korea's Modern Poetry, Saemi, 2001.
Kim, Sui, Hwangakui kalnal (환각의 칼날 The Blade of Hallucination), Cheongdonggeoul, 2002.
Jeong, Hyogu, The Joy of Reading Poetry 2, Jakkajungsin, 2003.
Jang, Seokju, "The Poetry of Plants 2", Seein Segye, Spring 2003.
External links
Naver Cast
Lee Sumyeong “Poetry is Difficult to Understand If You Analyze It. Just Enjoy It.” Cunningham “Even I Don't Know Where My Poems End.”
References
1965 births
Living people
20th-century South Korean poets
Seoul National University alumni
South Korean literary critics
21st-century South Korean poets
South Korean women poets
21st-century South Korean women writers
20th-century South Korean women writers
Dvin (; also Nizhniy Dvin, Nerkin Dvin, and Dvin Armyanskiy) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia. It is located near the ruins of the ancient city of Dvin.
See also
Ararat Province
References
World Gazeteer: Armenia – World-Gazetteer.com
Report of the results of the 2001 Armenian Census
Populated places in Ararat Province
The Treaty of Adrianople, also called the Treaty of Edirne, was signed on 24 June 1713 between the Ottoman Empire and the Tsardom of Russia and confirmed the Treaty of the Pruth of 1711, which had ended the Pruth River Campaign (1710–1711).
The Treaty of Pruth, signed by Baltacı Mehmet Pasha, was at first received well in Constantinople, but the dissatisfied pro-war party, supported by King Charles XII of Sweden, who had taken refuge in the Ottoman Empire since 1709, turned public opinion against Baltacı Mehmet Pasha, who was finally relieved from their office.
Sultan Ahmed III failed to resume the war with Russia. They finally became annoyed by the pro-war party and decided to send the troublesome Swedish king back to their homeland, which removed all obstacles for a final peace settlement with Russia. The Treaty of Adrianople would keep the peace for 25 years.
Notes
References
Советская военная Энциклопедия. Band 1. Воениздат, Москва 1976, S. 117, (Sovjet Military Encyclopedia).
Russo-Turkish wars
Adrianople 1713
Adrianople 1713
Adrianople
Adrianople 1713
History of Edirne
1713 in Europe
Ottoman Empire–Russia treaties
Fiber network mechanics is a subject within physics and mechanics that deals with the deformation of networks made by the connection of slender fibers,. Fiber networks are used to model the mechanics of fibrous materials such as biopolymer networks and paper products. Depending on the mechanical behavior of individual filaments, the networks may be composed of mechanical elements such as Hookean springs, Euler-Bernoulli beams, and worm-like chains. The field of fiber network mechanics is closely related to the mechanical analysis of frame structures, granular materials, critical phenomena, and lattice dynamics.
References
Biophysics
Solid mechanics
Aberdeen Nomads RFC were a nineteenth and twentieth-century Aberdeen-based rugby union club. It provided Scotland international players as well as North of Scotland District players but it folded at the Second World War as it lacked players to continue.
History
Nomads was an uncommon but not unusual moniker for a rugby side. There was an Arbroath Nomads side noted from 1877. An Edinburgh University Nomads side played in the 1880s.
A match between Aberdeen Collegiate F.P and Aberdeen Nomads was played on 25 November 1882. Collegiate F.P. won by a try to nil.
The Nomads played Aberdeen GSFP on 3 November 1883. The match were drawn, but was in favour of GSFP due to a touchdown. It was noted that Duncan, Grant and Bismarck all played well for Nomads.
Nomads played a Hall Russell's Engineers side on 25 October 1884. The Engineers won by 2 goals to 2 tries.
A match between Montrose and Aberdeen Nomads was arranged for 28 February 1885.
On 1 December they had a match against Thistle played at Broomhill.
On 26 January 1889 they played against Victoria at Duthie Park.
The club reached the North of Scotland Cup final in 1904–05 season. However they were beaten by the University of St Andrews.
Disbanding of the club
The club were still playing rugby up to the start of the Second World War. In 1939 they entered a team into the Highland Sevens tournament.
They were named as favourites for the competition. They had Donny Innes, the Scotland international player, as captain. A. R. Taylor played on the wing in the trial match at the 1939 New Year; G. H. Henderson and E. H. Still were the half-back pairing. Their forwards were named as: H. R. Craig and J. S. McLachlan, both North of Scotland District players, and G. M. Lawrence, who was noted as fast and fit.
The Nomads were knocked out at the first round by Watsonians, who stifled the Nomads forwards and did not allow the Nomads back into the match. Watsonians went on to lift the Lauder Cup.
Notwithstanding the talent evidently around Aberdeen at the time, it seems - like a number of clubs - that it could not survive the impact of the Second World War. The 1938–39 season has the last reports of the rugby club.
Notable players
Scotland internationalists
The following former Aberdeen Nomads players have represented Scotland at full international level.
North of Scotland District
The following former Aberdeen Nomads players have represented North of Scotland District at provincial level.
Honours
North of Scotland Cup
Runners-up: 1905
Sports clubs in Aberdeen
Other sports clubs in Aberdeen were also called Nomads. There was a hockey side named Aberdeen Nomads. They had a successful women's side; they merged with Bon Accord in 1992.
A golf club named Aberdeen Nomads began in 1972. There was also a curling club named Aberdeen Nomads.
References
Scottish rugby union teams
Rugby union in Aberdeen
Sports teams in Aberdeen
Defunct Scottish rugby union clubs
Rugby clubs established in 1882
Rugby union clubs disestablished in 1939
Paul (Allen) Reed (March 28, 1919 – September 26, 2015) was an American artist most associated with the Washington Color School and Color Field Painting.
Biography
At the time of their death in 2015 Reed was the last living member of the Washington Color School—an art group that gained national fame in the 1960s. Paul Allen Reed was born in Washington, D.C. in 1919 and attended McKinley High School. Reed moved to San Diego for college, but soon returned to D.C. to accept a job at the Washington Times-Herald in 1937 working in the graphics department masking out half-tones in advertisements. At the same time, they took art courses at the Corcoran School of Art during the day. Graphic design jobs would then take them to Atlanta and New York before Reed established themselves permanently in D.C. in 1952. Reed worked as a freelance graphic designer throughout the 1950s to have the flexibility to paint and visit museums and galleries. In 1962 Reed joined the staff of the Peace Corps as a graphic designer in charge of all publication design.
Reed had their first solo exhibition at the Adams-Morgan Gallery in Washington, D.C. in January 1963. The paintings, executed in water-based acrylic paint on unprimed canvas, were characterized by a centralized image, often with a centrifugal motion within the petal-like shapes. Reed's next solo exhibition was at the East Hampton Gallery in New York in November of the same year. In the New York exhibition, the centrifugal force of the earlier paintings had now spun off a smaller companion painting that hovered a set distance away. Reed called these works their Satellite Paintings and they questioned the relation of a painting to the wall. Further exhibitions were held in New York at East Hampton Gallery in 1964 and 1966, the Bertha Schaefer Gallery in 1967 and 1971, and in D.C. at the Jefferson Place Gallery in 1964 and Pyramid Gallery in 1971 and 1973.
Reed was methodical in their painting, their works fall into considered series; as they developed and refined an idea. The last work of a series is usually the largest, most complex, or has the greatest clarity. In 1965 Reed created their well-known series—the Disk paintings—where two corners of different color are set off by a diagonal band with a large circle at its center. With these works Reed blended colors by overlapping layers of separate colors, something that was distinct to the new water-based acrylic paints then available. Next Reed created compositions of zigzagging stripes where each line kept its pure color yet created secondary colors at each bend in the Upstart series of 1965. Further color overlapping was explored with the “plaid” effect of grids in the series Interchange, Inside Out, and Coherence of 1966. One of Reed's Coherence paintings belonging to the permanent collection of the National Gallery of Art was recently on view there. Within the Washington Color School, Reed was recognized as the most successful at using the transparency new acrylic paints offered to overlap colors, something Morris Louis (1912–1962) had explored in their Veil paintings but abandoned as they could not achieve the vibrancy they desired with the first generation of acrylic paints, Magna.
Reed systematically increased the complexity of their color relationships in their shaped canvas works from 1967 to 1972. Reed created increasingly complex forms by adding an additional side to their canvas shape each time they felt they had exhausted the color possibilities of the previous form. With each new shape, Reed applied color lessons learned from the prior series then expanded on them. Looking at the series Emerging (four sides), Topeka (five sides), Hackensack (six sides), and Zig-Fields (seven sides), from 1967 one sees how Reed created complicated geometric shapes to master intricate color challenges.
Recognition for Reed as an early member of the Washington Color School came with their inclusion in Gerald Nordland's exhibition Washington Color Painters at the Washington Gallery of Modern Art in 1965. The exhibition traveled across the country including the Blanton Art Museum; the Rose Art Museum at Brandeis University and the Walker Art Center. The following year Reed was included in The Hard-Edge Trend at the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
In 1971 Reed left their Peace Corps job to teach full-time at the Corcoran School of Art. Reed's knowledge of art history was extensive, combined with expertise on technique and an engaging wit, they were an inspiring teacher. In 1972 Reed lost their large studio behind the Jefferson Hotel, moving them towards more intimately scaled works they could execute at home. In the 1980s, Reed created photography-based collages that juxtaposed with kaleidoscopic effect art historical and popular culture items, incongruences Reed found compelling. In the 1990s Reed did a series of gouache on paper diptychs that explore light and reflection.
Reed was included in the Corcoran Gallery of Art exhibition Washington Color and Light in 2011. The same year Reed had solo exhibitions at the Workhouse Art Center in Lorton, Virginia titled Ultraviolet to Infrared: Paul Reed - 50 Years and at Georgetown University in its library, Evolution Through Color: The Art of Paul Reed, which featured paintings, sculptures, studies, and prints. D. Wigmore Fine Art featured the artist in Paul Reed and the Shaped Canvas in 2013 and is currently showing three of Reed's painting in an exhibition titled 1960s Hard Edge Painting. Reed's large scale Zig-Field, 1967 was included in Washington Art Matters: 1940-1980 at the Katzen Center at American University in 2013. They also are historical consultant for the movie project, The Washington Color School film, called Unprimed Canvas which is being done by artist Barbara Januszkiewicz who Reed mentored.
Reed's work is in museums across the country, including the National Gallery of Art, Phillips Collection, the Corcoran Gallery of Art, the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden, and the Smithsonian Museum of American Art, all in D.C.; the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston; the Art Institute of Chicago; the Detroit Institute of Art; Madison Museum of Contemporary Art; the Walker Art Center, Minneapolis; the Dallas Museum of Art; Greenville County Museum of Art, South Carolina; the High Museum of Art, Atlanta; the Oklahoma City Museum of Art; the Phoenix Art Museum; the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and the Wadsworth Atheneum, in Hartford.
Reed was predeceased by their wife Esther and their two sons Robert Reed and Thomas Reed.
Paul Reed died on September 26, 2015 at the age of 96. They were survived by their daughter, Jean Reed Roberts of Phoenix, Arizona.
References
Sources
Who's Who in America 1976-1997
Who's Who in American Art 1973-1997
The Dictionary of Art (MacMillan Co., London 1989)
L'Avant Garde Abtraite L'Art Americain de 1950 a 1970 “Nouvelle Abstraction” – Claudine Humblet, Bruxelles
The National Museum of American Art, Interactive CD ROM, 1995
Introduction & Text by Roy Slade, "The Corcoran & Washington Art" Copyright 1976 The Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.: 2000 copies printed by Garamond Press, Baltimore, MD LCCC# 76-42098
The Vincent Melzac Collection, Foreword by Walter Hopps, Introduction by Ellen Gross Landau, Retrospective Notes on the Washington Color School by Barbara Rose, Copyright 1971 The Corcoran Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.: printed by Garamond/Pridemark Press, Baltimore, MD LCCC#75-153646
Smithsonian Archives of American Art, Interview with Gerald Nordland Conducted by Susan Larsen, Chicago, Illinois May 25–26, 2004 http://www.aaa.si.edu/collections/oralhistories/transcripts/nordla04.htm
External links
www.askart.com
Paul Allen Reed papers, 1952–1992
, Biography, retrieved June 16, 2009
"Paul Reed, the last of the Washington Color School, is still painting", The Washington Post, March 8, 2011
20th-century American painters
20th-century male artists
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century male artists
2015 deaths
1919 births
Abstract painters
San Diego State University alumni
Painters from Washington, D.C.
Corcoran School of the Arts and Design alumni
Kenyan–Norwegian relations are bilateral relations between Kenya and Norway.
History
Presently, relations between both countries are cordial.
Diplomatic relations between both countries were established shortly after Kenya's independence from the United Kingdom in 1963.
In 1990, diplomatic relations between Kenya and Norway were severed due to Norway's criticism of the Kenyan government and its leadership. Ties were restored in 1994 by the Norwegian ambassador appointed in 1997.
Norway's Trade Minister, Monica Mæland, led a delegation of 54 companies to Kenya in September 2015.
Foreign Minister Børge Brende visited Nairobi for the 10th Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization held at the Kenyatta International Convention Centre in December 2015.
Development cooperation
Norway is cooperating with Kenya with a shift from aid to trade and investment.
Key areas for Kenya and Norwegian cooperation are:
Human rights
Governance
Economic relations
Total trade is approximately KES. 8.1 billion (EUR. 72.4 million).
In 2014 Kenya exported goods worth KES. 5.8 billion (EUR. 51.8 million) to Norway. In addition, Norway exported goods worth KES. 2.3 billion (EUR. 20.5 million).
Kenya's main exports to Norway include: plants, flowers, coffee, tea and spices.
60% of Norway's exports to Kenya are made up of chemical fertiliser.
The Norwegian Sovereign Wealth Fund invested in Kenya in 2012, as of 2015 total investment is worth KES. 8.2 billion (EUR. 73.25 million). Norfund, which is an investment fund for small and medium-sized companies in emerging countries, established its Nairobi office in 2007. The Norwegian office for trade, Innovation Norway, also opened its Nairobi office in 2014.
Diplomatic missions
Kenya's embassy in Stockholm is accredited to Norway. Norway has an embassy in Nairobi.
External links
Embassy of Kenya | Stockholm
Norway | the official site in Kenya
References
Norway
Bilateral relations of Norway
USS Hunting (E-AG-398) was built as the LSM-398 at the Charleston Navy Yard and launched in the first week of 1945. After service in the Atlantic as a landing ship the vessel was converted in 1953 to a sonar research vessel for the Naval Research Laboratory. Hunting was unique among Navy research vessels of the time in having a center well through which large towed "fish" could be transported and lowered to operating depths. The work contributed to sonar improvements and understanding ocean acoustics.
After sale by the Navy in 1963 the vessel operated as a dredge until out of documentation in 1983.
Landing ship (1945-1953)
Launched as the LSM-398 by the Charleston Navy Yard, on 6 January 1945; sponsored by Mrs. T. B. Thompson; and commissioned on 6 August 1945, Lieutenant L. L. Walters in command.
Based at Little Creek, Virginia, the ship operated as a part of the Amphibious Fleet in the Atlantic, taking part in many training assaults (such as "Exercise Seminole" in 1947) in the Caribbean Sea and on the Atlantic coast.
Sonar research ship (1954-1959)
The Naval Research Laboratory's (NRL) Sonar Systems Branch began work on transducers operating at low frequences with specific test frequencies of 1, 5 and 10 kHz. Very large transducers were required for those frequencies. The transducers were to be towed and operated in exploration of the deep sound channel at about . The transducer to be towed was , long, wide, high and beyond the means of conventional over the side or stern launching. The solution was to modify the LSM assigned to NRL so that the towed vehicle could be launched and towed through a center well.
Conversion of LSM-398 began in June 1953 according to plans developed by Bureau of Ships at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard. A center well long by wide was cut through the centerline with an elevator carriage to house the towed body, or "fish", as it was raised and lowered through the well. A bridge above the well was the upper position of the carriage was above the main deck so that the well doors could be closed and the fish could be lowered to the main deck onto the closed doors. In the towing position the carriage would be locked at keel level and the fish towed at depth on a multiple conductor double armored cable with a breaking strength of . The center well was a unique feature for Navy Research vessels at the time.
After conversion the LSM reported to Operational Development Force on 1 October 1954 to begin operations with NRL. LSM-398 was reclassified E-AG-398 and assigned the name Hunting on 13 June 1957. The ship's testing and evaluation activities took them from the Naval Research Laboratory near Washington into the Chesapeake Bay, the coastal waters off the Virginia Capes, and the Caribbean. They played a vital part in the development of new and better Navy sonar equipment.
The ship was used by the Naval Research Laboratory in tests of a subset of the transducer element modules for the active acoustic source for Project Artemis when the initial elements failed due to inter element coupling, nonuniform displacement across the face of array and element destruction.
Despite problems with the well design, wave action in the well and air compression under the doors causing them to lift off their tracks, the ship successfully towed equipment to depths of until engine failure too expensive to repair after a mistake during shipyard repairs led to the ship's retirement in 1959. An issue with the ship leading to retirement was corrosion of the hull under the engine compartment due to electrical currents in the water and incompatibility of World War II steel with more modern steel leading to cracking during attempted repairs. Ability to place and tow experimental equipment at desired depths led to major findings in ocean acoustics and understanding of convergence zones. The experience with the well contributed to the design of the improved well installed in .
Hunting was decommissioned on 23 November 1962 at Portsmouth, Virginia and sold on 30 July 1963 to Commercial Manufacturing Corp., Kansas City, Missouri.
Commercial dredge (1966-1983)
In 1966 the vessel was registered as Western Squaw with official number 506178 by the Western Contracting Corporation as a dredge. The dredge was based at Omaha, Nebraska and moved to St. Louis, Missouri in 1970 until sold in 1972 to Construction Aggregates Corporation and renamed Sensibar Booster. The dredge was then homeported in Wilmington, Delaware until out of documentation in 1983. The vessel was scrapped up between 1983 and 1989.
References
External links
Ships built in Charleston, South Carolina
World War II amphibious warfare vessels of the United States
1945 ships
LSM-1-class landing ships medium
Cold War auxiliary ships of the United States
Research vessels of the United States Navy
Terres Neuves tram stop is a tram stop on line C of the Tramway de Bordeaux. It is located near Boulevard Jean-Jacques Bosc in the commune of Bègles. The stop opened on 27 February 2008, when Line C was extended south from , and was the southern terminus of Line C until a further extension to opened in March 2015. The stop is operated by Transports Bordeaux Métropole.
For most of the day on Mondays to Fridays, trams run at least every five minutes in both directions. Services run less frequently in the early morning, late evenings, weekends and public holidays.
Interchanges
Buses of the TBC:
References
Bordeaux tramway stops
Railway stations in France opened in 2008
Tram stops in Bègles
Shenzhen Eastern Bus Co., Ltd () is a Chinese company that offers bus passenger transportation services in Shenzhen. Founded in 2007, it is one of the three major franchised bus companies in Shenzhen. Shenzhen Eastern Bus also provides car rental services and property leasing.
Operations
As of June 2022, Shenzhen Eastern Bus operates 292 bus routes, including 35 regular routes (routes without any English letters), 2 night shifts routes (routes starting with N), 149 trunk bus routes (routes starting with M), 30 feeder buses and community microbus routes (routes starting with B), 32 express bus routes (routes starting with E), 11 holiday routes, and 33 rush hour routes, respectively, are operated by five branches under its jurisdiction.
See also
Transport in Shenzhen
List of bus routes in Shenzhen
References
External links
Official Website
Transport in Shenzhen
Bus operating companies of China
Chinese companies established in 2007
Transport companies established in 2007
Carenum concinnum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1905.
References
concinnum
Beetles described in 1905
Sutch is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Bill Sutch (1907–1975), New Zealand economist, historian, writer and public servant
Daryl Sutch (born 1971), football player
David Edward Sutch, also known as Screaming Lord Sutch (1940–1999), English musician and politician
David Sutch (priest) (born 1947), British archdeacon
Richard Sutch (1942–2019)
Ronald Sutch (1890–1975), British archdeacon
The women's 800 metres at the 1974 European Athletics Championships was held in Rome, Italy, at Stadio Olimpico on 2, 3, and 4 September 1974.
Medalists
Results
Final
4 September
Semi-finals
3 September
Semi-final 1
Semi-final 2
Heats
2 September
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 18 athletes from 12 countries participated in the event.
(1)
(2)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(3)
(1)
(2)
(1)
References
800 metres
800 metres at the European Athletics Championships
1974 in women's athletics
The Hellenic Modelling Federation (or ELME) is a non profit organization pursuing the promotion of the radio controlled hobby and racing of all types of radio controlled cars in Greece. Founded in the mid 1990s by a group of R/C enthusiasts, with purpose of making this hobby known to Greece, the Federation has evolved through the years offering its members national championships and access to foreign events such as European and World championships.
At the current form, national events are organized for various classes throughout Greece in various locations and venues. ELME offers insurance for any accidents that might occur, to all the participating members. Each year ELME produces a rules booklet for every racing class, with specific directives regarding maximum and minimum dimensions, weight, homologated motors, batteries, fuel etc. These terms make sure the races organized are fair and no members shall have advantage against others, promoting the sports spirit and fair play.
Membership costs €30 per year and all members have the right to vote in the annual general meeting, have access to all events the federation is organizing if they pay their entry fee and are invited to the annual party together with their families.
ELME is a member of EFRA (European Federation Of Radio Operated Model Automobiles). ELME takes into serious consideration of EFRA rules and uses their lists of approved equipment used in model racing as guidance in order to form its own set of rules.
Greek Champions list
On-Road
1/10 EP Touring Modified
1/10 IC Touring
1/8 IC Track
1/12 EP Pan-car
1/8 IC GT
Off-Road
1/8 IC Buggy
1/10 EP Buggy 2WD
1/10 EP Buggy 4WD
External links
ELME website
EFRA website
https://www.el-me.gr/halloffame
https://www.redrc.net/2021/09/dimitris-ioannidis-crowned-mod-tc-greek-champion/
https://www.redrc.net/2020/06/dimitris-ioannidis-takes-double-greek-ep-off-road-title/
https://www.redrc.net/2018/11/tasos-paparegas-crowned-greek-national-champion/
https://www.redrc.net/2017/11/greek-electric-off-road-championship-finale-report/
https://www.redrc.net/2017/11/paparegas-takes-6th-consecutive-greek-ic-buggy-title/
https://www.redrc.net/2017/10/bill-lykaris-takes-greek-national-110th-200mm-title/
https://www.redrc.net/2015/10/john-doucakis-wins-at-greek-tc-nationals-rd3/
https://www.redrc.net/2013/07/john-doucakis-wins-at-greek-tc-nats-rd3/
https://www.redrc.net/2011/05/kostas-zacharopoulos-wins-18th-rd1-in-greece/
https://www.redrc.net/2010/09/kostas-zacharopoulos-wins-greek-championship/
https://www.redrc.net/2007/10/sotiropoulos-is-greek-18th-champion/
https://www.redrc.net/2006/11/john-sotiropoulos-is-greek-18th-national-champion/
https://circusrc.com/2021/11/ioannidis-kalantzakis-take-greek-ep-touring-title/
https://circusrc.com/2021/09/dimitris-ioannidis-crowned-double-greek-1-10th-buggy-champion/
https://circusrc.com/2021/09/dimitris-ioannidis-crowned-greek-1-10th-touring-modified-champion/
https://circusrc.com/2020/09/dimitriou-dimitris-crowned-2020-greek-touring-champion/
https://www.redrc.net/2020/07/isaakidis-maricholas-win-greek-ep-touring-titles/
https://www.redrc.net/2015/10/nikos-georgiadis-takes-greek-national-title/
Radio-controlled car racing organizations
Radio car
The following is a list of episodes from the twenty-fourth season of the PBS series, Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, which aired in 1994.
Episode 1 (Things to Wear)
Rogers has brought a three-cornered hat from the 18th century. They and McFeely travel through the neighborhood, observing various hats certain people wear. Upon gaining interest in them, King Friday orders everyone to wear three-cornered hats.
Aired on February 21, 1994.
Episode 2 (Things to Wear)
Rogers inevitably fools Marilyn Barnett by donning the Bob Dog costume. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how blue jeans are made. Lady Elaine Fairchilde provides the only resistance to King Friday's insistence that everyone and everything in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe should wear the three-cornered hat from the 18th century.
Aired on February 22, 1994.
Episode 3 (Things to Wear)
Rogers sees Alan Morrison play the organ at a nearby church. Lady Elaine Fairchilde squirts water at anyone who mentions "three-cornered hat" to them King Friday hardens their position with a rule.
Aired on February 23, 1994.
Episode 4 (Things to Wear)
Chef Brockett explains how they use canes to walk following their operation. Rogers returns to see Alan Morrison play alongside a flutist and a clarinetist. Betty Okonak Templeton visits the Neighborhood of Make-Believe with a way to break the impasse between King Friday and Lady Elaine.
Aired on February 24, 1994.
Episode 5 (Things to Wear)
Using a portable sewing machine, Rogers shows the stark contrast between clothing of today and clothes of the 1700s. Then they visit a building in Colonial Williamsburg. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, Lady Elaine and Betty Okonak Templeton exploit the loophole in King Friday's three-cornered rule. Finally, everyone else takes off the hats.
Aired on February 25, 1994.
Episode 6 (Going Away and Coming Back)
A map of the world painted by a friend of Rogers is shown on the back of an old floor covering. Rogers demonstrates traveling from place to place. Dan Kamin demonstrates their mime act. They act as a mime character in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe.
Aired on August 29, 1994.
Episode 7 (Going Away and Coming Back)
The Neighborhood of Make-Believe finds a newcomer. Stephen Owl, who is X's cousin, is in search of a tunnel believed to be in the neighborhood. Rogers shows the inside and outside of an ambulance.
Aired on August 30, 1994.
Episode 8 (Going Away and Coming Back)
Rogers gets a feel for shooting a basketball from a chair. This segues eventually to their visit with a wheelchair basketball team called the Steelwheelers. More residents in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe join in Stephen's search for a hidden tunnel. One clue comes from a scrap of paper.
Aired on August 31, 1994.
Episode 9 (Going Away and Coming Back)
Rogers uses a long piece of plumbing pipe to simulate a tunnel in which blocks and a car could travel through. Mr. McFeely shows a video of passing through a car wash. In the Neighborhood of Make-Believe, King Friday hears of the search for the lost tunnel. Lady Aberlin finds all the pieces to the old parable about it, and it is very close to X's tree.
Aired on September 1, 1994.
Episode 10 (Going Away and Coming Back)
Chuck Aber surprises Rogers with what they call their "piece of equipment." It's heavy machinery used for digging dirt. Mr. McFeely shows a videotape on how tortilla chips are made from blue corn. Friends in the Neighborhood of Make-Believe discover the secret tunnel and learn where it goes.
Aired on September 2, 1994.
Fred Rogers' Heroes: Who's Helping America's Children?
A primetime special episode where Mister Rogers introduces their modern day heroes: Chicago-based high school dropout Olomenji O'Connor who runs Project Peace, a non-profit organization program that teaches children to resolve problems peacefully; Brewster, New York-based Sam Ross who runs Green Chimneys, a residential farm for abused children where they learn to take care of animals; and Shiprock, New Mexico-based Glojean Todacheene, a Native American activist who was then serving as the principal of Mesa Elementary School.
Aired September 13, 1994.
References
Mister Rogers' Neighborhood seasons
The Lenovo ThinkPad T410 is a laptop from the ThinkPad series manufactured by Lenovo. The Lenovo ThinkPad T410s was also released. A recall was ordered due to the fire hazard of the batteries.
References
Lenovo laptops
ThinkPad
Sundari Neeyum Sundaran Naanum is an Indian Tamil-language television series shown on Vijay TV Monday to Saturday. It premiered on 22 July 2019 and ended on 20 March 2021 after 405 episodes. It stars Tejashwini Gowda and Vinoth Baabu.
Plot
Tamizharasi is born in a middle-class family and is raised by their widowed mother, two sisters and grandfather.  They are also a teacher. They and their sisters are being raised without knowing how their father died.
Velmurugan, who is from a wealthy family aspires to be a politician has cute clashes with Tamizharasi, but they fall in love and marry.
Unknown to Velmurugan, Tamizharasi is their relative years ago before their family is rifted apart. Later, Velmurugan's grandmother learns of this and sends Tamizharasi away and is being forced by Velmurugan's relatives to divorce but they don't give up.
Then, because of the love they have on Velmurugan's grandmother, they give their fertility to save Velmurugan's grandmother. The rest of the story concludes with whether Tamizharasi and Velmurugan are reuniting.
Crossover episodes
Sundari Neeyum Sundaram Naanum had a crossover with the serial Ponnuku Thanga Manasu from 27 November 2019 to 2 December 2019. They were one-hour episodes. The episodes were based on the marriage of Velu and Thamilzharasi (episodes 108-111). It was directed by Harrison, the Ponnuku Thanga Manasu director.
Cast
Main
Tejaswini Gowda as Thamizharasi: a girl who runs schools in the villages and takes care.  They are sweet.  They are briefly married to Velumurgan. (2019-2021)
Vinoth Babu as Velmurugan: aims to become a political leader; briefly married to Thamizharasi. (2019-2021)
Latha as Vijayalakshmi, Velumurgan grandmother (episodes 1-220; 2019-2020)
Nalini Nair replaced Latha (s221-405) as Vijayalakshmi:  They are Velumurgan's grandmother. They cared for them after their parents died. They were shocked when Thamizharasi married Velumurgan.  They are gentle and arrogant. (2020-2021)
Supporting
Nesan as Thennarasu, Nisha's father
Ashwanth Thilak (1-325) Gve Krishna (325-405) as Saravanan, Velmurugan's best friend, Vijayalakshmi's adoptive grandson, and Ezhil's husband
Preethi Kumar as Divya, Indrani's daughter and Vijayalakshmi's granddaughter
Kanya Bharathi as Indrani, Vijayalakshmi's daughter-in-law
Sahaana Sheety as Nisha, Thennarasu's daughter
Yaar Kannan as Sukumaran, Thamizharasi's grandfather
Seetha Anil as Chithra, Thamizharasi's mother
Priyanka as Ezhilarasi, Thamizharasi's first younger sister and Saravanan's wife
Deepika as Kalaiarasi, Thamizharasi's second younger sister
VJ Santhiya as Urvashi, Thamizharsi's maternal aunt
VJ Praveen as the lawyer Prabhakaran Thamizharasi's tenant and family friend
Ranjith as Deepak, Divya's fiancé and Indrani's business partner
Elamaran as Elamaran, Velmurugan's sidekick
Sangeetha V as Thenmozhi, Vijayalakshmi's daughter
References
External links
Sundari Neeyum Sundaran Naanum on Hotstar
Vijay TV television series
2010s Tamil-language television series
Tamil-language romance television series
2019 Tamil-language television series debuts
Tamil-language television shows
2021 Tamil-language television series endings
Oliver Fuller Berry (March 8, 1908 - September 13, 1991) was a chief petty officer in the United States Coast Guard who was chosen to be the namesake for the twenty-fourth cutter of the Sentinel class. They were one of the first Coast Guard aircraft technicians trained to work on helicopters.
Early life
Berry was born in Marion, South Carolina, and graduated from The Citadel in 1928; originally an Officer in the United States Army Reserve they gave up their commission to enlist in the Coast Guard.
Coast Guard service
Berry became a highly skilled mechanic working on early Coast Guard aircraft both land based and seaplanes. They were also one of the world's first experts on the maintenance of helicopters and was lead instructor at the first military helicopter training unit, the Rotary Wing Development Unit, which was established at Coast Guard Air Station Elizabeth City, North Carolina, in 1946. They also helped develop the rescue hoist.
In the same year, Berry played a role in a helicopter rescue from a US base in Gander, Newfoundland, that earned them a commendation. Helicopters were new to search and rescue and one was urgently required to search for survivors of a commercial airliner crash in Newfoundland. Berry was able to quickly disassemble one of the primitive helicopters of the time so that its parts could be flown to Gander in a cargo plane and then quickly reassemble it in time to find and rescue several survivors. They were awarded the Silver Medal of the Order of Leopold II by Prince Charles, the Royal Regent of Belgium, for their contribution to the rescue of eighteen Belgian citizens.
Legacy
The Coast Guard established an annual award named after Berry, issued to an outstanding aircraft technician who best followed their tradition.
In 2015, the Coast Guard announced that one of the new Sentinel class cutters would be named after Berry. All the ships in that class are named after enlisted personnel who distinguished themselves through a heroic act. Bollinger shipyards completed the USCGC Oliver F. Berry (WPC 1124) and delivered them to the Coast Guard, in Key West, for their sea trials, on June 27, 2017. Commissioning took place at the vessel's home port of Honolulu, Hawaii, on October 31, 2017.
References
1908 births
1991 deaths
United States Coast Guard non-commissioned officers
The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina alumni
People from Marion, South Carolina
Military personnel from South Carolina
Recipients of the Order of Leopold II
United States Coast Guard personnel of World War II
Tsho Rolpa (also Cho Rolpa) is one of the biggest glacial lakes in Nepal. The lake, which is located at an altitude of in the Rolwaling Valley, Dolakha District, has grown considerably over the last 50 years due to glacial melting in the Himalayas.
Tsho Rolpa (also Cho Rolpa)
Flooding
The lake threatens to burst through its unstable dam, which would threaten the lives and livestock of over 6000 villagers living around the Tamakoshi River. In 2012, the UNDP reported that an early warning system installed by the authorities in the late 1990s, which became defunct through lack of maintenance, will be replaced by a more modern warning system for glacial floods from the lake.
References
Lakes of Bagmati Province
Glacial lakes of Nepal
Himalayas
Dolakha District
Pandemis corylana, the chequered fruit-tree tortrix, hazel tortrix moth, filbert tortricid or barred fruit tree moth, is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found from northern and central Europe to Siberia, Korea and Japan.
The wingspan is 18–24 mm. It is similar to other Pandemis and Choristoneura species, but it is much paler in colour and the forewing markings are barely darker than the rest of the wing. The head and thorax are pale yellowish brown. The base colour of the forewing is pale yellowish brown with a marked brown mesh pattern. The wings, as in the related species, have marked basal blotches, an oblique cross-band in the middle and a triangular spot at the tip. These marks are barely darker than the surrounding parts, but are marked by brown edges. The hindwings are light grey and relatively narrow.
Adults are on wing from July to August in western Europe. In Korea, adults are on wing from early June to the end of September. Adults hide amongst foliage during the day, usually in the more open parts of the woods and fly freely at dusk.
The larvae feed on the leaves of various deciduous trees and shrubs, including Corylus, Fraxinus, Prunus, Quercus, Rubus, Swida sanguinea, Betula, Fagus, Larix, Pinus, Rhamnus frangula, Thelycrania sanguinea and Vaccinium. They live in spun leaves or in a longitudinally folded leaf. Larvae can be found from May to July. Pupation occurs in the larval habitation.
It is an occasional pest of cultivated nut and fruit trees.
References
External links
Lepiforum.de
Pandemis
Moths of Japan
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Johan Christian Fabricius
Walkertown is an unincorporated community in Hardin County, Tennessee. Walkertown is located immediately south of Savannah and is served by Tennessee State Route 128 and Tennessee State Route 69. Walkertown was founded by James Walker Haynes in 1826. Known descendants of James Walker Haynes are James Walker Haynes, Jr. and their son Jacob Walker Haynes. James Walker Haynes, Jr. lives in Savannah, TN and Jacob Walker Haynes currently lives in Chattanooga, TN.
References
Unincorporated communities in Hardin County, Tennessee
Unincorporated communities in Tennessee
Catherine Gayer (born 11 February 1937) is an American coloratura soprano, violinist, musicologist, and academic voice teacher. They made a career in Germany. A member of the Deutsche Oper Berlin for more than four decades, they are known for their performance in premieres of contemporary operas, such as Luigi Nono's Intolleranza 1960 at La Fenice in Venice, the title role in Aribert Reimann's Melusine at the Schwetzingen Festival, and Josef Tal's Die Versuchung at the Bavarian State Opera.
Career
Born in Los Angeles, Gayer is of Finno-Ugric and Indian ancestry. They studied voice, violin, and musicology in Los Angeles and moved to Germany on a Fulbright scholarship in the 1950s, studying at the Hochschule der Künste in Berlin with Irma Beilke.  They are also a trained ballet dancer.
On 13 April 1961, they performed the female lead role (Die Gefährtin) in the premiere of Luigi Nono's Intolleranza 1960 at La Fenice in Venice, and was afterwards engaged by Rudolf Sellner as a member of the ensemble of the Deutsche Oper Berlin. They appeared in Europe in classical repertory, and especially in contemporary opera, in roles such as Hilde Mack in Henze's Elegie für junge Liebende and Marie in Bernd Alois Zimmermann's Die Soldaten, staged by Hans Neuenfels. Several composers wrote roles for their voice, including Aribert Reimann, who wrote Melusine for them They took part in several premieres of new operas. On 24 April 1963, they performed in the first scenic production of Darius Milhaud's trilogy Orestie, which was also the premiere of its third part, at the Deutsche Oper Berlin. On 25 September 1965, they appeared in the premiere of Isang Yun's Der Traum des Liu-Tung at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin, conducted by Ulrich Weder, with Barry McDaniel in the title role. On 29 September 1968, they performed in Luigi Dallapiccola's Ulisse at the Deutsche Oper Berlin, conducted by Lorin Maazel. On 19 April 1971, they sang the title role in Reimann's Melusine at the Schwetzingen Festival, conducted by Reinhard Peters. On 26 July 1976, they appeared in Josef Tal's Die Versuchung (The Temptation) at the Bavarian State Opera, conducted by Gary Bertini. They also sang roles in the classical repertory, including Monteverdi's L'incoronazione di Poppea. They appeared as Berg's Lulu at several opera houses.
Gayer has also been interested in popular music (Unterhaltungsmusik) and jazz. As a teacher at the Folkwang-Hochschule, they have taught musical theatre, along with traditional subjects. They were married to ; they have two sons, the physicist David Ashkenasi and the composer and actor . They retired from the opera with a recital at the Deutsche Oper Berlin, after 41 years at the house.
Audio play
Robert Gillner (ed.): Shakespeare for Lovers. speaker: Catherine Gayer, Monarda Publishing House, Halle 2012, 2 CDs, 92 minutes
References
External links
Gayer, Catherine Bayerisches Musiker Lexikon Online
Gayer Catherine / soprano Operissimo
1937 births
Living people
American sopranos
Berlin University of the Arts alumni
Folkwang University of the Arts faculty
American women academics
21st-century American women
The Clarence Moreton Basin is a Mesozoic sedimentary basin on the easternmost part of the Australian continent. It is located in the far north east of the state of New South Wales around Lismore and Grafton and in the south east corner of Queensland. It is the part of the Great Artesian Basin that extends to the east coast in Australia's central eastern lowlands.
Description
It formed by oblique extension of the underlying Paleozoic New England Orogen basement. It consists of continental deposits, starting with a small amount of Triassic coal beds, and then mostly Jurassic and Cretaceous sedimentary rocks. The basin covers . The basin was named when the Clarence Basin (named after the Clarence River) and Moreton Basin in Queensland were proved to be one structure.
Oil is likely to be present in the basin.
Stratigraphy
The oldest rocks in the Clarence Moreton Basin of New South Wales are the Chillingham Volcanics. These are from some time in the Triassic period, and crop out in a band north and south of Chillingham. They consist of conglomerate at the base, rhyolite, lithic rhyolitic tuff, and shale. The Nymboida Coal Measures extend from Nymboida to Kangaroo Creek. They consist of lithic sandstones (wackes, minor arenites), siltstone, polymictic conglomerate, coal, rhyolitic tuff, and basalt. The total thickness is over . The outcrop is , and it forms a north west trending band long on the southwest tip of the basin. Fossils reveal a date of middle Triassic. A lower part is called Cloughers Creek Formation. The Basin Creek Formation includes the coal mined at Nymboida. The Bardool Conglomerate forming a thick layer, is also a unit in the coal measures. The conglomerate includes a thick layer of basalt exposed at Copes Creek. The Neranleigh-Fernvale Beds are up to 3,500 metres thick.
The Red Cliff Coal Measures date to the Late Triassic. It forms an outcropping belt wide and long from Buchanans Head through Red Cliff. The Evans Head Coal Measures are correlated with these, but are further up the north coast at Evans Head.
The basin was next uplifted and eroded and then deepened considerably and Bundamba group rocks form a complete V shape on both sides of the basin. In the northern parts the rock is mostly friable sandstone, but in the south it is divided into conglomerate below and siltstone above. The Laytons Range Conglomerate rests on the basin floor and extends from Baryulgil, to Nymboida. The conglomerate often appears as a cliff. The Corindi Conglomerate is a local name for a hailstone sized gravel near Corindi. The Mill Creek Siltstone. are often olive green or yellow-brown with bright red joint planes.
The Marburg Subgroup extends for along the western side of the basin into Queensland from Corindi. It is mostly clay cemented cross bedded quartz sandstone, but this is interbedded with claystone and shale. At the base is the Blaxland Fossil Wood Conglomerate Member at Blaxlands Creek. The fossil wood is in the form of horizontal tree trunks up to long and in diameter. The fossilization process replaced the wood with limonite and hematite. The Towallum Basalt is a thick layer near Nymboida, Glenreagh and Moleton trig station overlying the Marburg formation. The Walloon Coal Measures forms a U shape around the east, south and west sides of the basin. It consists of claystone, shale, siltstone, arenites, and coal seams and the plant fossils in it show a Jurassic age.
The next layer of rocks in the basin forming a nested U shape in its exposure is the Kangaroo Creek Sandstone. This sandstone has saccharoidal texture, and glistens white and cream. This is not due to angular sand grains, but results from silica crystallization. It is up to thick.
The Grafton Formation is the sedimentary unit in the core of the basin. It is the youngest of the beds being between Late Jurassic and Early Cretaceous. It occurs from Grafton to Casino consisting of soft sandstone, siltstone and claystone. Dolerite has intruded this at Glenugie Peak, and near Banyabba.
Rifting along the east coast of Australia commenced and uplifted the eastern side of the Clarence Moreton Basin. This resulted in the splitting off of the Lord Howe Rise and the opening of the ocean floor.
References
External links
Northern Rivers Geology Blog - Clarence Moreton Basin
Sedimentary basins of Australia
Mesozoic rifts and grabens
Geology of New South Wales
Geology of Queensland
Stainton is a civil parish in the metropolitan borough of Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. The parish contains 14 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the village of Stainton and the surrounding countryside. Most of the listed buildings are houses and associated structures, farmhouses and farm buildings, and the others are a church, memorials in the churchyard, and a milestone.
Key
Buildings
References
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in South Yorkshire
Buildings and structures in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster
Kathryn Mary Draper Garraway (born 4 May 1967) is an English broadcaster and journalist. In the 1990s, Garraway was a journalist for ITV News Central and later a co-presenter of ITV News Meridian. From 2000 to 2010, they co-presented GMTV. Currently, Garraway is the presenter of Mid Mornings with Kate Garraway on Smooth Radio and newsreader (on Thursdays) and co-anchor (on Fridays) of the ITV Breakfast programme Good Morning Britain.
Early life
Garraway's father was a civil servant and their mother was a teacher. They attended Dunmore Primary School and Fitzharrys School in Abingdon. They then graduated from Bath College of Higher Education (now Bath Spa University) with a degree in English and History.
Career
Television
In 1989, Garraway joined the South edition of ITV News Central on ITV Central as a production journalist, reporter and news presenter. In 1996, they became co-presenter of the South East edition of ITV News Meridian on ITV Meridian after they were "talent spotted" by a boss who viewed them presenting a three-minute bulletin on ITV Central.
In 1998, Garraway joined Sunrise on Sky News with Martin Stanford.
Garraway joined GMTV in September 2000, co-presenting GMTV Today with Andrew Castle each Friday (and Thursdays later on). Garraway eventually went on to share presenting duties with Fiona Phillips and Emma Crosby. In 2009, when GMTV relaunched, they co-hosted the programme with Ben Shephard, presenting on Mondays, Tuesdays and alternate Wednesdays. During Garraway's time at GMTV, they had also co-presented with Eamonn Holmes, John Stapleton and Dan Lobb. They presented their final show on 31 August 2010.
They presented one series of Too Many Cooks in 2004. In 2007, they were a questioner on The People's Quiz. In 2009, Garraway presented The Biggest Loser for ITV. They were later replaced by Davina McCall. Garraway was a regular panellist on Wall of Fame, hosted by David Walliams.
They became entertainment editor of Daybreak on ITV Breakfast (the successor to GMTV) in September 2010. On 6 December 2011, they took over from Christine Bleakley as the main presenter on an interim basis. On 4 May 2012, it was announced Lorraine Kelly would become the permanent replacement for Bleakley in September 2012. On 3 August 2012, it was reported that Garraway had signed a new contract to present each Friday in Kelly's absence. On 15 February 2014, it was announced Kelly would additionally front the Friday edition of Lorraine.
On 3 March 2014, it was reported that Daybreak would be cancelled and replaced with Good Morning Britain. However, with these changes came the news that Lorraine Kelly would be presenting Lorraine five days a week, meaning that Garraway no longer continued to present Kelly's show on Fridays. They hosted their final Daybreak and Lorraine shows on 25 April 2014 ahead of joining Good Morning Britain the following month. Since joining Good Morning Britain, Garraway's appearances on Lorraine have become less frequent. Garraway once again became interim main presenter on ITV Breakfast when Ben Shepherd cut their appearances each week to just two; which meant Garraway hosted four times a week until Piers Morgan joined the show later that year.
From March 2014 until November 2016, Garraway occasionally presented The National Lottery Draws on BBC One. In September 2017, they made a cameo appearance in Hollyoaks.
In November 2019, Garraway came fourth in the nineteenth series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
Strictly Come Dancing
Garraway appeared in the fifth series of Strictly Come Dancing, partnered with professional dancer Anton du Beke. Garraway finished 8th of the 14 couples despite receiving the lowest score from the judges in every week but one, as they were repeatedly saved by the public vote, prior to their elimination in week seven.
In February 2008, Garraway launched legal action against the Sunday Mirror after it published a photograph of them embracing du Beke, insinuating that they were having an affair, which the pair both denied.
Radio
Garraway's broadcasting career began with BBC Radio Oxford, and they had become an Independent Television News trainee journalist by 1994.
On 18 and 19 August 2012, Garraway co-presented two episodes of 'Weekend Breakfast' (with Colin Paterson). Over the weekend of 8 September, Garraway again presented 'Weekend Breakfast' with Colin Patterson.
On 6 October 2013, they stood in for Andrew Castle for a show on LBC Radio.
Since March 2014, Garraway has presented Mid Mornings with Kate Garraway 10am–1pm on Smooth Radio.
Personal life
Garraway was married to Ian Rumsey, their former boss at ITV Meridian, from 1998 to 2002.
In September 2005, Garraway married Derek Draper in Camden, London. Draper was a political aide to former Labour cabinet minister Peter Mandelson, and was at the centre of the scandal known as "Lobbygate". They live in north London and have a daughter and a son.
Draper has had an unusually serious case of Long COVID; they were diagnosed with COVID-19 in March 2020, and remained hospitalised in a critical condition as of March 2021. Garraway stated that they may never recover and could have no quality of life due to the numerous medical complications as a result of COVID-19. Draper returned home on a trial basis in April 2021, and in May 2021, Garraway gave an update on their husband stating that they are devastated by COVID-19 and still can't really move. Garraway is a charity ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
They released their first book on 9 March 2017, entitled The Joy of Big Knickers (or learning to love the rest of your life).
 They are a supporter of Gillingham FC.
On 29 April 2021, Garraway's latest book entitled The Power Of Hope was released.
Garraway was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2022 New Year Honours for services to broadcasting, journalism and charity.
Filmography
Television
Guest appearances
Have I Got News for You (2003)
The Wright Stuff (2003)
8 Out of 10 Cats (5 August 2005)
Celebrity Stars in Their Eyes (2006)
The F Word (2008)
Alan Carr's Celebrity Ding Dong (2008)
Shooting Stars (2008)
As Seen on TV (2009)
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (2007)
Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (2011)
All Star Family Fortunes (2012)
Pointless Celebrities (2012, 2014, 2015)
Paddy's 2012 Show & Telly (2012)
This Morning (2012; 5 episodes)
Celebrity Juice (2013)
Tricked (2013)
The Chase: Celebrity Special (2013, 2019)
The Guess List (2014)
Celebrity Fifteen to One (2014)
Pointless Celebrities (2015)
James Martin: Home Comforts (2016)
The Keith Lemon Sketch Show (2016)
The TV That Made Me (2016)
Safeword (2016)
Through the Keyhole (2017)
Hollyoaks (2017)
Guess the Star (2017)
Saturday Morning with James Martin (2018)
The Crystal Maze (2018)
Tipping Point: Lucky Stars (2019)
Love Your Garden : Grow Your Own (2022)
Film
Authored works
The Joy of Big Knickers: Or Learning to Love the Rest of Your Life, Blink Publishing, 2017.
The Power of Hope, Bantam Press, 2021.
Awards
References
External links
Kate Garraway on Smooth Radio
1967 births
Living people
Alumni of Bath Spa University
British infotainers
English reporters and correspondents
English television presenters
GMTV presenters and reporters
I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series) participants
ITV Breakfast presenters and reporters
ITV regional newsreaders and journalists
People from Abingdon-on-Thames
Smooth Network presenters
Members of the Order of the British Empire
Hendu Kola (, also Romanized as Hendū Kolā) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,457, in 391 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Diamante Medaglia Faini (28 August 1724 – 13 June 1770) was an Italian poet. They were a member of the academies Accademia degli Agiati (1751), Accademia degli Orditi in Padua, under the name Nisea Corcirense, and Accademia dell'Arcadia in Rome (1757). They were known for their love poems, and also composed sonnets and madrigals.
They were the daughter of the doctor Antonio Medaglia, and married the doctor Pietro Antonio Faini in 1748. Them father arranged the marriage because they disliked their fame, and the marriage forced them to stop using love as a theme of their poems. They were a controversial poet, and stopped their activity in the academies when they tried to force them to adjust themselves to accepted convention. They died during their studies in philosophy, history, French and science.
References
Sources
1724 births
1770 deaths
18th-century Italian women writers
18th-century Italian poets
Italian women poets
Sindo is a department or commune of Kénédougou Province in Burkina Faso.
References
Departments of Burkina Faso
Kénédougou Province
Ahmad Kashani () is an Iranian politician. They were a member of the Iranian parliament from 1980 to 1986. On November 5, 1986, although they were still a member of the parliament, was arrested by Ministry of Intelligence and National Security and passed 2 years of their life in the jail. They registered as a presidential candidate in the 2013 Iranian presidential election. Their nomination was rejected by Guardian Council.
Early life and Family
They were born on 23 December 1947 in Tehran, Iran. Their father, Abol-Ghasem Kashani was a prominent Twelver Shia Muslim cleric and former chairperson of the parliament.  They are also younger brother of Mahmoud Kashani.
Career
According to Trita Parsi's Treacherous Alliance, in early 1980 Kashani visited Israel to discuss arms sales and military cooperation regarding Iraq's Osirak nuclear reactor. This resulted in an arms deal (a shipment of F4 Phantom tyres and other weapons, the beginning of Operation Seashell) and the Ayatollah Khomeini's permission for large numbers of Iranian Jews to leave Iran, including thousands who left via bus to Pakistan and then via air to Austria, before heading to the US or Israel.
Kashani was a deputy for Natanz when they were one of several arrested in 1986 on charges of conspiring with Mehdi Hashemi. Details of the alleged links with Hashemi were not provided. Hashemi and one other were executed, while the rest, including Kashani, were pardoned or received sentences. Kashani was released after 28 months.
References
1947 births
Living people
People from Tehran
Members of the 1st Islamic Consultative Assembly
Members of the 2nd Islamic Consultative Assembly
Hidegkuti Nándor Stadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Józsefváros, Budapest, Hungary. The stadium was opened on 13 October 2016. It was renamed after the MTK Budapest and Hungary footballer Nándor Hidegkuti (1922–2002). It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of MTK.
History
Planning
Tamás Deutsch, Member of European Parliament and president of MTK Budapest, announced that in 2016 a new stadium will be built, budgeted between 6 and 6.5 billion HUF. The new facility would host approximately 5000 spectators and be the home of the Sándor Károly Football Academy. The first phase of the construction would start at the end of the 2013–14 Hungarian League season with the demolition of the current stadium. During the construction the club would play their matches another stadium Budapest and decided by the fans of the club.
On 4 November 2014, the construction budget of the new stadium was made public. The Hungarian state would provide 1.39 billion HUF for the construction of a sports hall at the Lantos Mihiály Sportelep, 3.91 billion HUF for the reconstruction of the Nándor Hidegkuti stadium, and 350 million HUF for the training pitch next to the stadium. Altogether 5.65 billion HUF.
On 5 December 2014, the first drafts of the new stadium were published on the official website of the club. The tender was won by Bord Építész Stúdió Kft, led by Péter Bordás. The new stadium would be able to host just over 5000 spectators and planned to open the summer of 2016. The planned UEFA stadium category of the new stadium would be Category 3 which requires a minimum seating capacity of 4500 and at least 250 VIP seats.
On 12 December 2014, new photos of the new stadium were published on the website of the club.
On 18 June 2015, the new plans were revealed by the Hungarian epiteszforum.hu. The plans were delivered by designers of two companies, Sportarchitects and Azmpl.
Demolition
On 6 November 2014, the demolition of the stadium started. First the floodlights system was uninstalled and then the seats were removed.
In May 2015 the demolition of the main stand started.
Construction
On 6 November 2014, the demolition of the old stadium started by removing the old seats and the lights system.
On 16 November 2015, the foundation stone of the new stadium was laid. Tamás Deutsch, president of the club, said that it is an important step in the life of the club and its supporters. At the ceremony, Kálmán Szekrényessy's great-great-grandchild, founding member of the club, József Kanta, the captain of the MTK Budapest FC in the 2015–16 Nemzeti Bajnokság I season, Olivér Horváth and Maja Pásztor, representative of the Sándor Károly Academy, were present.
On 9 December 2015, the first post was placed officially with the aid of two male MTK Budapest footballers Sándor Torghelle, Ákos Baki and one female Lilla Nagy. Until March 2016, another 165 posts will be placed.
On 7 July 2016, the grass became visible on the pitch of the stadium.
On 24 September 2016, the seats were mounted on both the east and west stands in three different colours: white, light blue and dark blue. The colors of the seats were distributed randomly to hide the effects of low attendances.
On 6 October 2016, the displays were tested by broadcasting a scene from a pornographic film starring Hungarian pornographic actor Michelle Wilde.
The final cost for the building of the stadium was publicly announced to be 7.26 billion forints ($26 million), which was above its budgeted 6 to 6.5 billion forints despite much of the stadium being built with prefabricated materials and the construction period lasting just nine months.
Opening
On 13 October 2016, the stadium was officially opened with the MTK Budapest–Sporting friendly match. Sporting Clube de Portugal brought only three players from their first squad (Azbe Jug, Ricardo Esgaio, and Matheus Pereira due to the fact that the club have to play in the third round of the 2016–17 Taça de Portugal against F.C. Famalicão). At the opening ceremony, Viktor Orbán, prime minister of Hungary delivered a speech, followed by Member of European Parliament and president of MTK Budapest, Tamás Deutsch.
On 22 October 2016 the first Nemzeti Bajnokság I match was played in the stadium when MTK Budapest hosted Gyirmót FC Győr on the 13 week of the 2016–17 Nemzeti Bajnokság I season. The first goal was scored by the MTK icon Sándor Torghelle in the 75th minute of the match which finished a 1–0 victory.
Despite the optimism that the new home stadium brought, MTK Budapest was automatically relegated to the second division of Hungarian football, Nemzeti Bajnokság II, after finishing next to last in the Hungarian top division during the 2016–2017 season. Furthermore, the new stadium did not do much to boost their home attendance as their average in their stadium for NB I matches was a modest 2,327, below the league's average of 2,704.
On 23 March 2017 the first international match was played. Russia hosted Hungary in the 2017 UEFA European Under-17 Championship qualification Elite round. The match ended with a 2–1 victory for Hungary. The first goal was scored by the Russian Prutsev in the 16th minute. While Szoboszlai of Hungary equalized in the 74th minute and scored again in the 84th minute to win the match.
On 5 April 2017, the first Magyar Kupa was match was played. The hosts were not the MTK Budapest because they were eliminated earlier from the 2016–17 Magyar Kupa season by Dorog but Vasas SC. Since the Illovszky Rudolf Stadion was demolished, Vasas SC's home, Vasas hosted Újpest FC at the Hidegkuti Nándor Stadion. The final result was 0–1 but Vasas qualified for the next round on 2–2 aggregate. The only goal was scored by Nemanja Andrić in the injury stoppage time of the first half.
On 27 October 2017, one part of the membrane roof was damaged by the Storm Herwart. Two strips of membrane over the east stand were damaged enough to force their removal. Cost of the repairs will be covered by insurance.
Tenants
The main tenant of the stadium is MTK Budapest FC. However, apart from association football matches, American football matches are also played in the stadium.
In the 2018–19 Nemzeti Bajnokság I and the 2018–19 Magyar Kupa season Budapest Honvéd FC played their home matches in the stadium during the reconstruction of the Bozsik József Stadion.
Milestone matches
Design Controversy
The original playing field was moved 90 degrees within the stadium's plot and thus narrowed its length with large grey concrete walls placed beyond each goal. This allowed planners more room along the east and west sides for 40 private skyboxes. Its comparatively large amount of private skyboxes to its overall modest seating capacity is a ratio that is almost unprecedented globally. After seeing photos of the newly built stadium much voiced displeasure at the prominence of walls behind the goals as it created a "very raw and imposing impression" (the popular pejorative nickname for them are the "wailing walls") and cast doubt on the safety of the stadium for players. Journalists from the Hungarian sport daily Nemzeti Sport measured and the distance between the walls and the goals and found that it conformed to UEFA regulations for stadium construction.
Márton Fülöp goal
The southern goal was named after the former MTK Budapest FC and Hungary national football team goalkeeper Márton Fülöp who died at the age of 32 from cancer.
Transport
Hidegkuti Nándor Stadion is located on the outskirts of the Józsefváros district of Budapest, Hungary. The stadium can be easily reached by public transport via tram 1 which travels along the Hungária Boulevard.
Attendance
This table includes only domestic league matches. For the 2016–17 season, only matches from day 13 are included as they were played in this stadium.
Gallery
See also
List of football stadiums in Hungary
References
External links
Hidegkuti Nándor Stadium at magyarfutball.hu
Football venues in Hungary
MTK Budapest FC
Multi-purpose stadiums in Hungary
Sports venues in Budapest
American football venues in Europe
2016 establishments in Hungary
Sports venues completed in 2016
The National Communications Union (NCU) was a trade union in the United Kingdom.
The union was founded in 1985 when the Post Office Engineering Union and the Postal and Telecommunications Group of the Civil and Public Services Association merged. In 1995, it merged with the Union of Communication Workers to form the Communication Workers Union.
General secretaries
1985: Bryan Stanley
1986: John Golding
1989: Anthony Young
References
External links
Catalogue of the NCU archives, held at the Modern Records Centre, University of Warwick
Trade unions established in 1985
Trade unions disestablished in 1995
1995 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Defunct trade unions of the United Kingdom
Communications trade unions
1985 establishments in the United Kingdom
Jemmy's Cove (sometimes Jim's Cove or Jimmy's Cove) is a tiny abandoned town located near New Harbour, Fortune Bay in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada that had a peak population of 6 in 1911.
History
Located near the abandoned community of New Harbour, Fortune Bay in Fortune Bay, Jemmy's Cove residents were primarily fishermen of the Church of England faith. The family of John Fudge are believed to have been the first settlers who first appear there in 1890. By the turn of the 20th century, a family of Keepings joined them.
Demographics
See also
New Harbour, Fortune Bay
Trammer, Newfoundland and Labrador
Femme, Newfoundland and Labrador
References
Ghost towns in Newfoundland and Labrador
is a passenger railway station located in the city of Kitaibaraki, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
Lines
Minami-Nakagō Station is served by the Jōban Line, and is located 167.0 km from the official starting point of the line at Nippori Station.
Station layout
The station consists of one island platform connected to the station building by a footbridge. The station is staffed.
Platforms
History
Minami-Nakagō Station was opened on 1 February 1910 as a freight station to serve nearby coal mines, and began passenger operations on 18 March 1910. The station was absorbed into the JR East network upon the privatization of the Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987. A new station building was completed in March 2014.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2019, the station was used by an average of 553 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).
Surrounding area
Minami-Nakagō Post Office
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Station information JR East Station Information
Railway stations in Ibaraki Prefecture
Jōban Line
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1910
Kitaibaraki, Ibaraki
Bective (; sometimes known as Bective Bridge or Ballina) is a small hamlet and townland in County Meath, Ireland. Bective is situated on the left bank of the River Boyne and on the Clady River which joins the former in the east of the townland, approximately 6 kilometres east of Trim, on the Athboy to Dunshaughlin road.
The local Gaelic football club, Bective GFC, have won 3 consecutive senior titles in a row. The club's u15 team plays in division 8, the lowest there is in the county.
Bective is home to Bective Abbey, daughter abbey of the better-known Cistercian abbey at Mellifont in County Louth. The village was also home to the writer Mary Lavin, whose family moved there in 1925. Bective formed the setting for their first and most enduring collection of short stories, Tales from Bective Bridge. The Skurlocke (or Sherlock) family were the local landowners in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
See also
List of towns and villages in Ireland
References
Towns and villages in County Meath
Townlands of County Meath
Dealu Morii is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of fourteen villages: Banca, Bălănești, Blaga, Boboș, Bodeasa, Bostănești, Calapodești, Căuia, Dealu Morii, Dorofei, Ghionoaia, Grădești, Negulești and Tăvădărești.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Themis Nunatak () is a very large, flat-topped nunatak lying 6 nautical miles (11 km) west-southwest of Mount Umbriel in the southern portion of Alexander Island, Antarctica. The nunatak was first mapped from trimetrogon air photography taken by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition in 1947–48, and from survey by Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1948–50. Named by United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in association with nearby Saturn Glacier, Themis being one of the satellites of the planet Saturn, the sixth planet of the Solar System.
See also
Ceres Nunataks
Enceladus Nunataks
Pickering Nunataks
Nunataks of Alexander Island
Twenty-three United States Navy submarines are designated as memorials.
Albacore (AGSS-569): Portsmouth, New Hampshire
Batfish (SS-310): Muskogee, Oklahoma
Becuna (SS-319): Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Blueback (SS-581): Portland, Oregon
Bowfin (SS-287): Pearl Harbor, Hawaii
Cavalla (AGSS-244): Galveston, Texas
Clamagore (SS-343): Patriot's Point (Charleston Harbor), in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina
Cobia (SS-245): Manitowoc, Wisconsin
Cod (SS-224): Cleveland, Ohio
Croaker (SS/SSK-246): Buffalo, New York
Drum (SS-228): Mobile, Alabama
Growler (SSG-577): New York City
Ling (SS-297): Hackensack, New Jersey
Lionfish (SS-298): Fall River, Massachusetts
Marlin (SST-2): Omaha, Nebraska
Nautilus (SSN-571): Groton, Connecticut (first atomic powered submarine, 1954)
Pampanito (SS-383): San Francisco, California
Razorback (SS-394): North Little Rock, Arkansas
Requin (AGSS/SSR-481): Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Silversides (SS-236): Muskegon, Michigan
Torsk (SS-423): Baltimore Maritime Museum/Historic Ships in Baltimore, Inner Harbor, downtown Baltimore, Maryland (built 1944)
Intelligent Whale: National Guard Militia Museum of New Jersey, Sea Girt, New Jersey
Fenian Ram: Paterson, New Jersey
Other Navy memorials
United States Navy Memorial#Other Navy memorials
See also
Seawolf Park – a memorial to
List of submarine museums
Sub
Sub
Hapoel Be'eri () is a basketball club based in Be'eri. It currently plays in the Liga Artzit.
History
Hapoel Be'eri - member Associations 'Hapoel' and kept in close touch with the Kibbutz Movement's sports section. Settlement sector is not recognized as a separate province in the center running. Group members Be'eri athletes participated in many sports and in 1985 received a branch of the verb "Be'eri meager allocations athletic activities. Group was established in 1973 "Hapoel Be'eri", Qualified for the 'Third Division' at the end of the season.
Up to a month in June 1998 played a group of "Hapoel Be'eri" in the league in a league up. At that time the group moved to the new gym to play. March 2000 came to the Liga Arzit. Played basketball against teams from Lod to Eilat. In 2001 club won fourth place. Most of the players acquired players. The main actor - "Itai Cohen" (Grew up in Be'eri). Prior to opening the 8th "Liga Arzit", joined the group two members of Be'eri - Yair Cohen and Shai Brill.
2007-08 season came to the Liga Leumit - is the second league (!) In Israel. The group dealt with the best teams from around the country and fought for Survival in the league. in the Season finale, the team dropped to the Liga Arzit back. However, due to the dissolution of Other team, Hapoel Be'eri remained in the minors. And play there during 2009/2010.
2008/2009 season was coach "Zvika Rosenberg", who succeeded [1] in the middle of the season the coach "Asaf Foss" was an actor in their past.
In April 2010 "Zvika Rosenberg" fired coach following the sequence of losses caused to lose a chance to participate in group Upper playoffs. Replacing it "Itai Barkan".
The coach of the 2010-2011 was "Hanoh Mintz" at the beginning but they were replaced by Victor Skornick, Hapoel Be'eri finished at 13th place and was supposed to go to the "Liga Artzit"
but the League Administration decided to let all the teams that were supposed to go to the "Liga Artzit" to stay.
Hapoel Be'eri B.C. had Financial problems and struggles to stay in the "Liga Leumit", And down the Liga Artzit (Third Division).
Now (December 2011), Hapeol Be'eri B.C. has decided to not continue playing because of Financial problems and now playing as Hapoel Eshkol in the 4th league.
Management team
Chairman - Itay Cohen
Group Manager - Bermaak Udi
Assistant Coach - Eric Ckeraunik
Notable former players
Alon Stein
Yoni Dray
Moran Roth
Be'eri
Basketball teams established in 1973
Be'eri
Liga Leumit (basketball) teams
Bob Tiernan is an American politician and attorney who served in the Oregon House of Representatives, representing Oregon's 24th district, which included most of Lake Oswego and portions of southwestern Portland.  They are a Republican, and served as chair of the state party from 2009 to 2011.
Education
They earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Oregon State University, a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Puget Sound, and a Master of Laws degree from Georgetown University.
Career
In 1992, they were elected to the Oregon House and served 2 two-year terms. In 1996, they lost to their 1994 opponent, Richard Devlin. In 2002, they ran for the Oregon State Senate to represent the 19th senate district, again facing Devlin, narrowly losing by a margin of 47% to 50%.
They served as chief petitioners on several successful statewide ballot measures, including Measure 11 (mandatory minimum sentences), Measure 8 (pension reform), and Measure 17 (prison labor), all in 1994.
In January 2009, they were elected as chair of the Oregon Republican Party and served until 2011, when they were succeeded by Allen Alley.
Tiernan ran for Governor of Oregon in the 2022 election but lost the Republican primary to Christine Drazan.
Personal life
Tiernan and their wife Susan live in Lake Oswego. They have three children.
References
External links
Georgetown University Law Center alumni
Living people
Members of the Oregon House of Representatives
Oregon Republican Party chairs
Oregon State University alumni
Politicians from Lake Oswego, Oregon
University of Puget Sound alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
"Golden Hair" (, lit. "a golden hair") is a Bashkir folk tale collected and reworked by Pavel Bazhov. It was first published in 1939 in the children's stories almanac Zolotye Zyorna released by Sverdlovsk Publishing House. It was later released as a part of The Malachite Casket collection. It was translated from Russian into English by Alan Moray Williams in 1944.
The story introduces Poloz the Great Snake's daughter.
Publication
This skaz was first published together with "The Twisted Roll" in Zolotye Zyorna (, lit. "golden grains") children's almanac in 1939. It was later released as a part of The Malachite Casket collection on 28 January 1939.
This is one of the few stories that are based on the Bashkirs folklore (another example being "The Demidov Caftans"). Bazhov was very interested in the Bashkirs' tales, and had some more material of that kind, but decided not to publish it. They wrote: "I, for instance, have some Bashkir folklore in reserve, but I don't put it to use because I feel incompetent in the details of their everyday life". The author disliked inventing details and writing about unfamiliar topics.
In 1944 the story was translated from Russian into English by Alan Moray Williams and published by Hutchinson as a part of The Malachite Casket: Tales from the Urals collection. The story was published in the collection Russian Magic Tales from Pushkin to Platonov, published by Penguin Books in 2012. It was translated by Anna Gunin.
Plot
While hunting in the steppe, a daring Bashkir hunter Ailyp meets a girl of "unprecedented beauty" sitting by the river. Them braided long hair is golden and so bright that it makes the water glow. They ask if Ailyp will take their hand in marriage. Ailyp happily agrees. The girl's old nanny explains that the girl's name is Golden Hair and they are the daughter of Poloz the Great Snake, who has control over gold. The girl's hair is of pure gold and so heavy that it chains them to the spot. Ailyp collects the hair and starts walking away with their bride-to-be, but Poloz does not want to let their daughter go. They start pulling the hair underground. Golden Hair takes the scissors and quickly cuts off them braid. They disappear underground, leaving Ailyp with just them braid. The girl's nanny approaches them and says that the girl is back on their spot by the river, but Poloz made their hair even heavier than before so that Ailyp wouldn't be able to lift it. They say to Ailyp: "Go home and live like you did before. If you don't forget your bride Golden Hair in three years, I will come back and take you to her". After three long years Ailyp goes back to the river. Golden Hair says that their memories of them were making the hair lighter with each passing day. They suggest that they try running away again, but Poloz catches them and makes Golden Hair's braid even longer and heavier. The nanny tells Ailyp: "Go back home and wait for another three years. Exactly three years from now you must go to her". From the wise eagle-owl Ailyp learns that there's a place underneath Lake Itkul where Poloz is powerless. After three years Ailyp goes back for Golden Hair, brings them to Lake Itkul and together they make a home underneath it.
Themes
According to the plot, the lovers safely run away from Poloz. The theme of the symbolical union between a mythical creature and a human is very popular in folklore tradition. From the Bashkirs' point of view, such a marriage guarantees success in career, wealth and prosperity.
However the space under Itkul is viewed as the version of the pagan "Otherworld", or realm of the dead where people go after their physical death and remain there forever. Lidiya Slobozhaninova comments that it is no accident that Golden Hair leaves that place only occasionally, and that in the end the narrator confesses that they have never seen them after. Slobozhaninova summarizes that the price of love, freedom, and wealth is death, and the story is Bazhov's adaptation of the universal storyline of "love which is stronger than death".
Adaptations
In 1947 the Moscow Puppet Theater staged a play tale from the Urals () by Klavdiya Filippova, based on "Sinyushka's Well" and "Golden Hair".
The 1979 animated film Golden Hair was released a part of the animated film series made at Sverdlovsk Film Studio from the early 1970s to early 1980s, on time for the 100th anniversary since the birth of Pavel Bazhov. The series included the following films: Sinyushka's Well (1973), The Mistress of the Copper Mountain (1975), The Malachite Casket (1976), The Stone Flower (1977), Podaryonka (based on "Silver Hoof", 1978), Golden Hair, and The Grass Hideaway (1982). This film is a stop motion animated film directed by Igor Reznikov, with screenplay by Alexander Rozin and music by Vladislav Kazenin.
Notes
References
1939 short stories
Fantasy short stories
Children's short stories
The Malachite Box short stories
Turkic mythology
Female characters in fairy tales
Pavel Bazhov
The Active Citizen Project (ACP) is a New York City-based non-profit organization founded in 2003 by filmmaker Linda Goode Bryant in response to the 2004 U.S. presidential election. Throughout the United States, ACP engages high school students in internet activism using art and new media.
Background
The organization serves as a catalyst and laboratory for people-generated activism that uses art and new media as tools for social change. According to its website, the goal of its projects is "for people to act on their own behalf for political and social change that ensures their human rights and mutual well-being." ACP activities take place in working class communities and on the internet. The organization was inspired by the Farmers' Alliance movement of the late 1800s.
The organization is most well known for its Open Caucus (OC) program. OC is an activity that engages high school students in creating social change in their communities using art and new media and engages them in internet activism, connecting them with a global network of actions taking place worldwide. In 2007, ACP worked in Colorado Springs to produce a community art exhibit. Since its inception in 2004, over 5600 students in 28 cities have participated in OC. In December 2007, ACP brought 19 OC students and 9 teachers from 9 different cities to Des Moines, Iowa to create a documentary film on the Heartland Presidential Forum.
References
External links
Online Donation Forms For Nonprofits
Internet-based activism
Non-profit organizations based in New York City
Organizations established in 2003
"Let There Be Love" is a song by English singer Melanie C from their fifth studio album The Sea. It is an English-language cover of the German song "" by Rosenstolz. Melanie C performed the song on The Sea – Live tour.
Background
"Let There Be Love" is one of many ballads Melanie C has released in the German-speaking countries.
Music video
The music video, filmed in Brighton, features Melanie on a street along the beach (a homage to their album The Sea, and also where the album was recorded). The video features different couples kissing and cuddling with each other, at various different places near the beach and Brighton Pier. As Melanie sings, the names of couples appear to be written onto a wall they are singing in front of.
B-side
The B-side "Stronger" was released as part of the digital bundle and limited edition CD release of "Weak" and "Let There Be Love". Melanie co-wrote 'Stronger' with Shelly Poole and Norwegian song writing and production duo Jim & Jack.
Formats and track listings
These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Let There Be Love".
Digital download and Limited CD single
"Let There Be Love"
"Stronger"
Release history
References
2011 songs
2011 singles
Melanie C songs
Songs written by Peter Plate
Songs written by Ulf Leo Sommer
Anita Graham (born 15 February 1948) is a British film, stage and television actor and a former member of the Royal Shakespeare Company.
Graham's first television role was in an episode of Crossroads (1964). They went on to appear in The New Avengers (1976), The Benny Hill Show (1977), Within These Walls (1978), in four episodes of Terry and June (1979–80) as Tina Pillbeam, Tom, Dick and Harriet (1982), Let There Be Love (1983), The Morecambe & Wise Show (1983), six episodes of Keep It in the Family (1982-3), Full House (1985), Dempsey and Makepeace (1986), as Bollit in the Delta and the Bannermen episodes of Doctor Who (1987), Zelda in four episodes of Moon and Son (1992), EastEnders (1996), Last of the Summer Wine (2001), and Horne & Corden (2009).
Film appearances include Don't Just Lie There, Say Something! (1974), Confessions of a Window Cleaner (1974), and Who Is Killing the Great Chefs of Europe? (1978).
For the Royal Shakespeare Company they appeared in Piaf and Once in a Lifetime, both in 1980 at the Piccadilly Theatre. In 1983 they appeared in Look, No Hans at the Yvonne Arnaud Theatre, and The Mating Game at the Theatre Royal in Windsor. They appeared again in Look, No Hans at the Strand Theatre (1985-6), and in Run For Your Wife (1987) at the Criterion Theatre, acting again in the latter play at the Duchess Theatre from 1990-91.
In 1990 they acted in Kathy Burke's play Mr Thomas at the Old Red Lion Theatre. It was subsequently filmed and shown on Channel 4. Graham acted in Funny Money at the Playhouse Theatre (1996), and in The Norman Conquests for Ian Dickens (2007). In 2012 they appeared in Michael Cooney's Cash on Delivery at The Mill at Sonning.
References
External links
Graham on the 'Who's Who Of The Benny Hill Show' website
1948 births
Living people
British television actores
British film actores
British stage actores
Royal Shakespeare Company members
PrankStars is a 2011 American six-episode reality television series that aired monthly and employed the use of a hidden camera. The series premiered on Disney Channel on July 15, 2011, and was hosted by Pair of Kings and Hannah Montana star, Mitchel Musso. The television program portrayed scenarios in which children and teenagers met their favorite stars in "unpredictable and humorous" settings that had been engineered by their friends and family. The show was Disney Channel's first reality series since the Totally in Tune show. In Canada, Family Channel aired two episodes of PrankStars on September 30, 2011, and a total of four episodes were originally supposed to broadcast before the series was withdrawn. The fourth episode aired a day before Musso's mid-October 2011 arrest on a charge of driving while intoxicated (and subsequent removal from the cast of Pair of Kings), and the remaining two episodes premiered solely in Europe and Latin America.
Stars
Episodes
See also
Punk'd
Code: 9
Walk the Prank
References
External links
2010s American reality television series
2011 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
Disney Channel original programming
English-language television shows
American hidden camera television series
Television series by Disney
Kamar Burke (born August 25, 1986) is a Canadian retired professional basketball player and the founder and head trainer of Developing Individual Peak Performance Basketball (DiPP).
College career
The small forward played college basketball at Thompson Rivers University and later, the University of British Columbia, who were among the most successful teams in the Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS). They were one of the top rebounders in the CIS while with the UBC Thunderbirds.
Professional career
They played one season of professional basketball for the Moncton Miracles of the National Basketball League of Canada (NBL) and was named an All-Star in . Burke later teamed up with former on-court rival, Azi Sadi, to create DiPP Basketball.
References
External links
FIBA.com profile
Kamar Burke at RealGM
USBasket.com profile
1986 births
Living people
Basketball players from Toronto
Canadian men's basketball players
UBC Thunderbirds basketball players
Small forwards
Moncton Miracles players
Valverde de Llerena is a municipality in the province of Badajoz, Extremadura, Spain. It has a population of 763 and an area of 41 km².
Situation
It is situated in the vicinity of Ahillones toward Guadalcanal, close already to the edge of the Seville. It is a settlement in gentle slope on a hilly domain corresponding to the foothills of the Sierra Morena.
The city belongs to the commerce of Extremadura of Badajoz and the Judicial branch of Llerena.
History
The current name of the population is attributed to its founder, Don Rodrigo de Valverde. However, throughout history has been known by other names: at the end of the 15th century was the nickname of Valverde de la Reina. Also called "Azuaga Valverde", by relying on this municipality jurisdicional area.
Valverde de Llerena Foundation took place on the year 1240, by Don Rodrigo Valverde, Knight of the Order of Santiago, Commander of Valez, who in the middle of the 13th century consolidated the occupation of the site by giving various privileges to those who settled there.
The new population went to the jurisdiction of the order of Santiago. In 1594, the population census of the provinces and parties of the Crown of Castile in the 16th century was part of the Order of Santiago de Leon and had 232 pecheros neighbors.
It was in 1559 when acquired for consideration and the title of villa by mercy of King Philip. In 1586, it was segregated definitely santiagueños domains, to be sold to Mariana de Córdova, Marchioness of Villanueva del Río, passing more than returns to the extensive domains of the House of Alba.
In the fall of the oldern times, the town was in the municipal in northeastern Extremadura. It was integrated in the judicial district of Llerena from 1834.
Heritage
Catholic parish church under the invocation of La Purísima Concepción, in the Archdiocese of Mérida-Badajoz.
References
Municipalities in the Province of Badajoz
Thanks for Nothing is a 1964 studio album by American jazz singer Rosemary Clooney.
As the sole album that Clooney recorded for Reprise Records, Thanks for Nothing would mark Clooney's last solo studio work until 1976's Look My Way.
Track listing
"Hello Faithless" (Felice and Boudleaux Bryant) – 2:19
"The Rules of the Road" (Cy Coleman, Carolyn Leigh) – 2:34
"Just One of Those Things" (Cole Porter) – 2:32
"All Alone" (Irving Berlin) – 2:27
"Black Coffee" (Sonny Burke, Paul Francis Webster) – 3:43
"A Good Man Is Hard to Find" (Eddie Green) – 2:28
"Baby, the Ball Is Over" (Alan Bergman, Marilyn Keith, Lew Spence) – 2:11
"The Man That Got Away" (Harold Arlen, Ira Gershwin) – 4:16
"I Gotta Right to Sing the Blues" (Arlen, Ted Koehler) – 3:16
"Miss Otis Regrets" (Porter) – 3:03
"Thanks for Nothing (At All)" (Jerry Gladstone, John Rotella) – 3:06
"Careless Love" (W.C. Handy, Martha E. Koenig, Spencer Williams) – 2:07
Personnel
Performance
Rosemary Clooney – vocal
Bob Thompson – arranger, conductor
References
1964 albums
Rosemary Clooney albums
Albums produced by Sonny Burke
Reprise Records albums
Albums conducted by Bob Thompson (musician)
Albums arranged by Bob Thompson (musician)
Chah Nasar (, also Romanized as Chāh Nasar) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 975, in 241 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Michael Dorf may refer to:
Michael C. Dorf, American law professor
Michael Dorf (entrepreneur), American entrepreneur
See also
Michael Dorff, mathematician
Dorf (disambiguation)
Alpha MOS (NYSE Euronext, A) is a company which designs and manufactures analytical instruments for chemical and sensory analysis, and more particularly odor, taste and visual analysis.
The Company was created in 1993. It is headquartered in Toulouse, France and owns three subsidiaries in Hanover (USA), Tokyo (Japan) and Shanghai (China).
Alpha MOS Electronic Nose, Electronic Tongue and Electronic Eye have various applications in Food and Beverage mainly, Packaging, Environment, Pharmaceutical Industry, Cosmetics, Chemicals and Petrochemicals.
Products
HERACLES Electronic Noses allows global analysis of odors and volatile compounds generated by liquid, gas or solid samples. They use ultra fast gas chromatography technologies.
ASTREE Electronic Tongue can characterize the full taste of liquids or solids dissolved in liquids.
IRIS Electronic Eye achieves advanced visual analysis of the overall product or focused portions based on colors and shapes. It uses high resolution imaging.
All the instruments are coupled with multivariate statistics data processing.
Range of applications
Sensory analysis instruments are used by different departments: Quality Assurance (QA) and Quality Control (QC), Research & Development (R&D), and Process & Production for various purposes:
In Quality Assurance and Quality Control for:
Conformity of raw materials, intermediate and final products
Batch to batch consistency
Detection of contamination, spoilage or adulteration
Monitoring of storage conditions...
In R&D for:
Formulation or reformulation of products
Benchmarking with competitive products
Shelf life and stability studies
Selection of raw materials from different suppliers
Packaging interaction effects
Simplification of consumer preference test...
In Process and Production departments for:
Managing raw material variability
Comparison with a reference product
Measurement and comparison of the effects of manufacturing process on products
Following-up cleaning in place process efficiency
Scale-up monitoring
Cleaning in place monitoring.
References
External links
Alpha MOS Website
"The Electronic Nose: Artificial Olfaction Technology" by Himanshu K. Patel
"Rapid direct analysis to discriminate geographic origin of extra virgin olive oils by flash gas chromatography electronic nose and chemometrics", Melucci D, 2016.
Masking of bitterness in dairy protein hydrolysates: Comparison of an electronic tongue and a trained sensory panel as means of directing the masking strategy Author links open overlay panel, J.Newman, 2015
Alpha MOS on ActusNews
Alpha MOS on LinkedIn
Alpha MOS launches powerful fast GC Electronic Nose with chemical and sensory characterization module
Food Product Development and QC Using E-Nose and E-Tongue Analyzers
Technology companies established in 1993
Technology companies of France
The Canton Terriers was the name of a minor league baseball team from Canton, Ohio that played between 1928 and 1942. The team was formed in 1928 as a member of the Central League and played there until 1932. In 1936 a new Terriers team was formed and began play in the Middle Atlantic League, as an affiliate of the Boston Red Sox, until 1942.
The team folded in 1942, when the rest of the Middle Atlantic League suspended operations due to the strains of World War II. The Terriers were not re-established when the league resumed operations after the war.
During their brief history, the team won one title in the Central League and two titles in the Middle Atlantic League.
Notable players
Mose Solomon, the "Rabbi of Swat," Major League Baseball player
Year-by-year record
(from Baseball Reference Bullpen)
Baseball teams established in 1928
Baseball teams disestablished in 1942
Boston Red Sox minor league affiliates
Defunct minor league baseball teams
Sports in Canton, Ohio
1928 establishments in Ohio
1942 disestablishments in Ohio
Professional baseball teams in Ohio
Defunct baseball teams in Ohio
Central League teams
Middle Atlantic League teams
Săucești is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Bogdan Vodă, Săucești, Schineni, Șerbești and Siretu.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
New Radnor was, from 1894 to 1974, a rural district in the administrative county of Radnorshire, Wales.
The district was formed by the Local Government Act 1894, when the existing Kington Rural Sanitary District was divided into two: the section in Herefordshire was reconstituted as Kington Rural District, while the section in Radnorshire became New Radnor Rural District. The new district took its name from the village of New Radnor, at one time a borough and county town of Radnorshire. The council continued to be based in Kington in Herefordshire.
The rural district comprised fifteen civil parishes:
Colva
Ednol
Evenjobb
Gladestry
Glascwm
Harpton and Wolfpits
Kinnerton, Salford and Badland
Llandeglau
Llanfihangel Nant Melan
Michaelchurch on Arrow
New Radnor
Newchurch
Old Radnor and Burlingjobb
Trewern and Gwailtha
Walton and Womaston
The district was abolished in 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, which completely reorganised local administration in England and Wales. Its area became part of the District of Radnor in the new county of Powys.
References
Rural districts of Wales
History of Radnorshire
Radnorshire
The following lists events that happened during 1882 in Australia.
Incumbents
Governors
Governors of the Australian colonies:
Governor of New South Wales – Lord Augustus Loftus
Governor of Queensland – Arthur Edward Kennedy
Governor of South Australia – Sir William Jervois
Governor of Tasmania – Major Sir George Strahan
Governor of Victoria – George Phipps, 2nd Marquess of Normanby
Governor of Western Australia – (office first formed in 1890)
Premiers
Premiers of the Australian colonies:
Premier of New South Wales – Henry Parkes
Premier of Queensland – Thomas McIlwraith
Premier of South Australia – John Cox Bray
Premier of Tasmania – William Giblin
Premier of Victoria – Sir Bryan O'Loghlen
Premier of Western Australia – (office first formed in 1890)
Events
1 January – Bilateral conventions for the exchange of money orders come into effect between the United States of America and the colonies of New South Wales and Victoria.
2 February – A cyclone causes considerable damage to the town of Cardwell, Queensland.
8 May – Planning begins on the Working Men's College in Melbourne (now RMIT University).
31 May – The steamer Pretty Jane is wrecked on the Ninety Mile Beach, 30 km west of Lakes Entrance. No lives were lost.
9 December – Brisbane is the first city in Australia to install electric lighting.
Science and technology
6 December – A rare Transit of Venus across the disc of the Sun is visible from Australia, and many scientific parties arrive from around the world to observe and record the transit. The next occurrence was June 2004.
Arts and literature
Sport
17 February – The first cricket Test match at the Sydney Cricket Ground begins.
29 August – The Australian cricket team beats England for the first time in a test match at The Oval in London. A mock obituary appears in the next day's Sporting Times, mourning "the death of English cricket", which leads to the creation of The Ashes.
The Assyrian wins the Melbourne Cup
30 December – The first Test of the 1882–83 Ashes tour begins at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.
Births
19 January – John Cain snr. (died 1957), Premier of Victoria
18 February – Harvey Sutton (died 1963), track and field athlete
24 March – Enid Derham (died 1941), poet
29 April – Tom Richards (died 1935), Australian rugby union player
5 May – Sir Douglas Mawson, geologist and explorer (born in England)
8 July – Percy Grainger (died 1961), composer and pianist
26 July – Albert Dunstan, (died 1950), Premier of Victoria
6 December – Warren Bardsley (died 1954), cricketer
Deaths
1 August – Henry Kendall (born 1839), poet
2 December – Eliza O'Flaherty (born 1818) writer and stage actor
Notes
Years of the 19th century in Australia
The Mighty Avengers were an English pop group, who were formed by Tony Campbell in 1962 in Rugby, England.
History
The group were managed by Danny Betesh of Kennedy Street Artistes. They negotiated a recording deal with Andrew Loog Oldham, who at the same time, also managed The Rolling Stones. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards wrote the group's only hit, "So Much In Love", which spent two weeks in the UK Singles Chart, reaching number 46 at the end of 1964.
The song fared better in Australia, reaching number 22.
The group released several more singles, including "Hide Your Pride and "Blue Turns To Grey" which all failed to chart. The band split up in the mid-1960s, though several members later joined the group Jigsaw, which had several chart hits in the mid-1970s.
Band members
Tony Campbell (lead guitar, vocal)
Dave "Biffo" Beech (drums, vocal)
Mike Linnell (bass, lead vocal)
Kevin "Bep" Mahon (guitar, harmonica)
Later
In June 2011, their former band member, Mike Linnell, appeared as a contestant on the Channel 4 game show, Countdown.
References
External links
BBC.co.uk
English pop music groups
Musical groups from Coventry
Musical groups established in 1962
1962 establishments in England
Prince Karl (Karl Borromäus) Michael Joseph of Liechtenstein (Vienna, 29 September 1730 – Vienna, 21 February 1789) was the second son of Emanuel, Prince of Liechtenstein (1700–1771) and Maria Anna Antonia, Countess of Dietrichstein-Weichselstädt, Baroness of Hollenburg and Finkenstein, and younger brother of Franz Joseph I, Prince of Liechtenstein.
They were the 805th Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in Austria in 1772.
Family
On 30 March 1761, in Vienna, they married Maria Eleonore Prinzessin zu Oettingen-Oettingen und Oettingen-Spielberg (Oettingen, 7 July 1745 - Vienna, 26 November 1812).
They had seven children:
Princess Maria Josepha Eleonore Nicolaus (Vienna, 4 December 1763 - Vienna, 23 September 1833), married in Vienna on 29 January 1782 Johann Nepomuck Graf von Harrach zu Rohrau und Thannhausen (Vienna, 17 May 1756 - Vienna, 11 April 1829), without issue.
Prince Karl Joseph Emanuel Albinus (Vienna, 2 March 1765 - killed in duel in Vienna, 24 December 1795), married in Vienna on 28 September 1789 Marianne Josepha Gräfin von Khevenhüller-Metsch (Vienna, 19 November 1770 - Vienna, 10 August 1849), and had issue.
Prince Joseph Wenzel Franz Anastasius (Vienna, 21 August 1767 - Vienna, 30 July 1842), a Priest in Salzburg, and later a military figure.
Prince Emanuel Joseph Kaspar Melchior Balthasar (Vienna, 6 January 1770 - Vienna, 20 February 1773).
Prince Moritz Joseph Johann Baptist Viktor (Vienna, 21 July 1775 - Vienna, 24 March 1819), married in Eisenstadt on 13 April 1806 Marie Leopoldine Prinzessin Esterházy von Galántha (Vienna, 31 January 1788 - Liebeschitz, 6 September 1846), and had issue:
Prince Franz de Paula Joseph Aloys Crispin (Vienna, 26 October 1776 - of wounds received in battle on 23 June in Brussels, 27 June 1794), unmarried and without issue.
Prince Aloys Gonzaga Joseph Franz de Paula Theodor (Vienna, 1 April 1780 - Prague, 4 November 1833), unmarried and without issue.
Ancestry
References
1802 births
1887 deaths
19th-century Austrian people
Princes of Liechtenstein
Nobility from Vienna
Knights of the Golden Fleece of Austria
Prince Jaime Bernardo of Bourbon-Parma, Count of Bardi (born 13 October 1972) is the second son and third child of Princess Irene of the Netherlands and Carlos Hugo, Duke of Parma.  They are a member of the House of Bourbon-Parma as well an extended member of the Dutch royal family. From 2014 to 2018 they were the Dutch ambassador to the Holy See. Until 2021 they were the Senior Advisor Private Sector Partnerships at UNHCR, the United Nations Refugee Agency. Currently they are the Climate Envoy of the Netherlands.
Early life
Jaime was born in Nijmegen, Netherlands. They have a twin sister, Princess Margarita, who was born one minute earlier. Besides their twin sister, the prince has one elder brother, Carlos, Duke of Parma, and one younger sister, Princess Carolina. Prince Jaime was born six weeks prematurely and stayed with their sister in an incubator at the hospital. Jaime was baptised by Cardinal Bernardus Johannes Alfrink, with their grandfather Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld and Princess Madeleine of Bourbon-Parma as their godparents.
In 1981 their parents decided to divorce. Together with their mother and their siblings they moved to the Soestdijk Palace (Baarn), then residence of their grandparents, Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard, where they lived for several years.
Education and career
Jaime studied international relations at Brown University in the United States. They subsequently obtained a M.A. degree in International Economics and Conflict Management at Johns Hopkins University. During these studies they performed an internship at the World Wide Fund for Nature and the International Federation of the Red Cross.
They now work for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Netherlands. Their first role was as the prime secretary of the Netherlands Embassy in Baghdad, before becoming a political advisor to the peace mission in Pol-e Khomri in the Baghlan Province in the northern part of Afghanistan. Until the summer of 2007 the prince worked on secondment in the cabinet of the European Commissioner Neelie Kroes. They were back in The Hague at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, where they had the position of Special Envoy for Natural Resources. On 7 February 2014, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced that they would be appointed as ambassador of the Kingdom of the Netherlands to the Holy See. Prince Jaime was, on 15 July 2014, sworn in as ambassador by King Willem-Alexander and they served till August 2018. Thereafter they were seconded to UNHCR, the United Nations Agency for Refugees, as Senior Advisor Private Sector Partnerships to work on the energy transition in refugee settlements. In August 2021 they started as the Climate Envoy of the Netherlands.
Other activities
Jaime has also worked as an interviewer for the documentary series Africa, War is Business. In the documentary they investigated and explained how a country that is very rich in raw materials can be dominated by poverty and conflict. In the series they visited Sierra Leone and its diamond fields, Liberia to see how an export embargo on its hardwood is carried out, and the DR Congo, where they go on a night patrol in the war-torn east of the country, an area rich in gold and cobalt. In the documentary possible solutions are displayed from the perspective of the international community.
The prince performs representative tasks for the Ducal House of Bourbon-Parma.  They are regularly present at royal marriages, baptismal ceremonies, and funerals.
Personal life
On 12 August 2013, Jaime's engagement to Viktória Cservenyák was announced. Cservenyák (born 25 May 1982 in Budapest) is a Hungarian-born Dutch attorney and daughter of Tibor Cservenyák and their former wife, Dorottya Klára Bartos. On 3 October 2013, they married in a civil wedding ceremony in Wijk bij Duurstede. Their religious wedding took place on 5 October 2013, at the Church of Our Lady in Apeldoorn.
They have two daughters: Zita Clara (born on ), who was named after their paternal great-great aunt Empress Zita of Austria and their maternal great grandmother Klára Killermann. On 9 November 2015, it was announced that the couple were expecting a second child; daughter Gloria Irene was born on . In a 2015 interview, Princess Viktória stated that the gender of their future child did not matter ("fortunately, we can not influence nature in the terms of gender"), after being told that there were no grandsons for the late Duke of Parma (in April 2016, Jaime's elder brother Carlos, Duke of Parma finally had a son, named Carlos Enrique).
Titles, styles and honours
Titles
13 October 1972 – 2 September 1996: Their Royal Highness Prince Jaime of Bourbon-Parma
2 September 1996 – present: Their Royal Highness Prince Jaime, Count of Bardi
Officially in the Netherlands: 15 May 1996 – present: Their Royal Highness Prince Jaime de Bourbon de Parme
Honours
Dynastic honours
Ducal Family of Parma:
Bailiff Knight of the Parmese Sacred Military Constantinian Order of Saint George
Chancellor Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Louis for Civil Merit
Foreign honours
SMOM: Knight of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta
Grand Cross in the Order of Pope Pius IX
Ancestry
Notes
Already a ducal prince from birth, their father bestowed the substantive title Conte di Bardi (Count of Bardi) upon them on 2 September 1996. In 1996 they were incorporated into the Dutch nobility by Queen Beatrix, with the highest noble title Prins de Bourbon de Parme (Prince of Bourbon-Parma), and styled Zijne Koninklijke Hoogheid (His Royal Highness). Their other titles hold no ground within the Dutch nobility. They do not belong to the House of Orange-Nassau or the limited Dutch royal house, but as a grandson of Queen Juliana and cousin of the present King Willem-Alexander, they are an official member of the more extended Dutch royal family.
References
External links
Official website of the House of Bourbon-Parma
1972 births
Living people
Ambassadors of the Netherlands to the Holy See
Brown University alumni
People from Nijmegen
House of Bourbon-Parma
Princes of Bourbon-Parma
Dutch civil servants
Dutch princes
Italian nobility
Spanish royalty
Twin people from the Netherlands
Counts of Bardi
Menaggio (Comasco: ) is a town and comune in the province of Como, Lombardy, northern Italy, located on the western shore of Lake Como at the mouth of the river Senagra.
Menaggio has three frazioni (parishes): Croce, Loveno and Nobiallo.
History
The area of current Menaggio was conquered by the Romans in 196 BC. The Roman conquest culminated with the construction of a road called the Via Regina.
Menaggio was a walled city. Remnants of the wall are evident today.
Construction of big hotels in this cool summer area made it a summer resort area.
Between 1873 and 1939, Menaggio was linked to Porlezza, on Lake Lugano, by the Menaggio–Porlezza railway, a steam hauled narrow gauge line built as part of a multi-modal transport link between Menaggio and Luino, on Lake Maggiore.
Tourism
The area of Menaggio is a favorite recreational resort in the summer. Lake Como's only youth hostel is in Menaggio.
Menaggio is known for its Menaggio and Cadenabbia Golf Club, founded in 1907 by an English gentleman, one of many who was spending their holidays on Lake Como during the late 19th century.
Geology
The craggy and often fog hidden mountains are from the Cretaceous period, composed of limestone sediment weathered by millennia.
Events
Among many events which occur in the town every summer, the Menaggio Guitar Festival is relevant on an international scale. Guitarists who have played there since its first edition on 2005 include Pete Huttlinger, Martin Taylor, Franco Cerri, Roman Bunka, Solorazaf and Ferenc Snetberger.
The artistic director is Sergio Fabian Lavia, composer and musician born in Argentina.
Twin towns
Allevard, France
Carapicuíba, Brazil
Wolpertswende, Germany
References
External links
Official website
Menaggio
Mateus Norton Gomes Chaves (born 19 July 1996), simply known as Mateus Norton, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bento Gonçalves.
References
External links
Mateus Norton at ZeroZero
1996 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Association football midfielders
Clube Esportivo Aimoré players
Fluminense FC players
FC Zorya Luhansk players
Itumbiara Esporte Clube players
Clube Esportivo Bento Gonçalves players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Ukrainian Premier League players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Ukraine
Expatriate footballers in Ukraine
Pandemis minuta is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Pandemis
Skilfonna ("The Divide Glacier") is a glacier in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It is located west of Russefjella, and separates the glacier of Hedgehogfonna from Vasil'evbreen. The mountains of Brendetoppane separate Skilfonna from Svalisbreen.
References
Glaciers of Spitsbergen
The Sofia Second Chronicle is a Russian chronicle from the 16th century. It is found in two redactions: The Archival redaction, from the first quarter of the 16th century and now in the Russian State Archive of Ancient Documents (RGADA) (Fond 181, No. 371); and the Voskresenskii (Resurrection) Redaction from the middle of the 16th century, now housed in the State Historical Museum (GIM) on the north end of Red Square (Voskresenskoe Sobranie, bumazhnoe, No. 154). It was first published at the beginning of the 19th century and is included in the Complete Collection of Russian Chronicles (PSRL, vol. 6; St. Petersburg, 1851).
The Sofia Second Chronicle is thought to have derived from the Lvov Chronicle with which it shares many similarities.
See also
Sofia First Chronicle
References
East Slavic chronicles
Novgorod Republic
16th-century history books
We Are the People may refer to:
"We Are the People" (Empire of the Sun song), 2008
"We Are the People" (Feeder song), 2008
"We Are the People" (Martin Garrix song), 2021, featuring Bono and the Edge
We Are the People Party, an Egyptian political party
See also
(We are the people!)
We the People (disambiguation)
We Are the People We've Been Waiting For, 2009 documentary film
Carenum acutipes is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1897.
References
acutipes
Beetles described in 1897
Caenurgia togataria is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It is found in the southern parts of the United States (including California), south to Mexico.
The wingspan is about 37 mm.
References
External links
Moths described in 1862
Caenurgia
Scrioaștea is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of four villages: Brebina, Cucueți, Scrioaștea and Viile.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
"(You Want to) Make a Memory" is a song by American rock band Bon Jovi, which was released as the first single from their tenth studio album Lost Highway (2007). Written by Jon Bon Jovi, Richie Sambora and Desmond Child, it was released for radio airplay on March 20, 2007, and for download on the US iTunes Store on April 17, 2007. The song is a ballad, and was performed at several nationally-televised events in an effort to promote the single. "(You Want to) Make a Memory" peaked at number 27 in the United States, making it Bon Jovi's last single to break the Top 40 on the Hot 100.
Two different versions of the song were released as singles. In every market except the U.S., the 'pop version' from the album was the single; in the U.S., however, a special 'country version' was released, which featured more instruments and a slightly different arrangement.
The song received a nomination at the 2008 Grammy Awards for Best Pop Performance by a Duo/Group with Vocals.
Background
Jon Bon Jovi came up with the title, music and most of the lyrics. Later they finished the lyrics with Desmond Child and Richie Sambora contributing a couple of lines in the lyrics. They finished the song in a couple of hours. While recording the song, Jon sat alone with Dann Huff in the booth playing acoustic guitar. Vocals, guitars, rhythm guitars and other parts were recorded following day.
"The beauty of '(You Want to) Make a Memory' is that it has the same feeling as 'Livin' on a Prayer'," noted Jon Bon Jovi in 2007. "Like we're starting in a whole new place again. I'll call it 'art' if it falls on its face and 'genius' if it works."
The video for the song was directed by Kevin Kerslake and shot in a bar called Layla's. Its storyline is based on the movie Ghost (1990) and is about a couple who is not together anymore.
It was also inspired by the troubles Richie Sambora was going through in their own personal life at the time, such as the divorce with Heather Locklear, the custody battle in the middle of an alcohol addiction, and having lost their father to cancer. CMT hosted the exclusive on-air and wireless premieres of the video on Thursday, May 3, 2007. Video made its television world premiere on CMT's Top 20 Countdown and later bowed on CMT Mobile. The video was also available for free streaming at CMT's official website. That episode of CMT's Top 20 Countdown aired again on Friday, May 4, 2007 at 1:30 p.m. E.T./P.T.
Announced as the first single from Lost Highway on March 19, 2007, the song was released to radio stations on March 20, 2007. On the same day it was put on a stream on a band's official website. In the week of March 19, 2007, there were 185,000 streams of the song on band's website. For those who pre-ordered Lost Highway from May 10, 2007, iTunes Store offered an instant download of "(You Want to) Make a Memory" and live versions of "(You Want to) Make a Memory" and "Lost Highway" recorded at the Cannery Ballroom in Nashville.
Sven Philipp from Billboard gave a positive review: "Over a pulsing crescendo of acoustic guitars, piano and strings, Bon Jovi delivers their most soulful vocal in years, sounding relaxed and nostalgic as they offers '80s-soaked lines". Mike Kerwick from North Jersey Media Group stated "'Make a Memory' may not be as good as some of the band's all-time-great ballads ('Always' and "Bed of Roses" come to mind), but its steady build from beginning to end makes it worth a spin. It gets better with each progressive listen". Donald Gibson from Blogcritics said the song "covers much of the same ground, musically and thematically, as 'Bed of Roses'". Craig Semon from Telegram & Gazette called it "a well-crafted pop song that's not afraid to be gooey and sentimental. With cushiony orchestration interspersed with sparkling guitar notes, the song builds gradually in its intensity and seductive charm". Ben Ratliff from The New York Times said that song "appeal[s] directly to a love interest; true to form, Mr. Bon Jovi employs the word 'baby' every time".
Track listing
European CD Single
European CD Maxi Single
Japanese CD Single
United Kingdom CD Single
United Kingdom Limited 7" Single
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
External links
Stream the song from the record label's website
2007 singles
2007 songs
Bon Jovi songs
Songs written by Desmond Child
Songs written by Richie Sambora
Songs written by Jon Bon Jovi
2000s ballads
Rock ballads
Island Records singles
Carenum blackburni is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by Sloane in 1916.
References
blackburni
Beetles described in 1916
Rudolf Bohren (Grindelwald, 22 March 1920 - Dossenheim, 1 February 2010) was a Swiss Protestant (practical) theologian. Bohren became known for their pneumatological approach to homiletics.
Biography
Bohren studied theology in Bern and Basel, especially with Eduard Thurneysen and Karl Barth. In 1952 they wrote a dissertation on the issue of church discipline in the New Testament by Oscar Cullmann. On May 16, 1945, they were admitted as a pastor to the Reformed Preacher Community in Bern. From 1945 to 1958 they were a pastor in Bern, in Holderbank (Aargau) and in Arlesheim, a suburb of Basel. The experiences in these mutually different communities have shaped their scientific work. In 1958 they were appointed professor of practical theology at the Kirchliche Hochschule Wuppertal. In 1972 they were appointed to the Kirchliche Hochschule Berlin, and in 1974 to the University of Heidelberg where they set up a preaching research center.
Their first wife tragically died of suicide, which led to the publication of a poignant sermon collection, entitled Tröstungen (Consolations). In 1971 they published Predightlehre (sermon teaching). The uniqueness of this book lies, among other things, in its poetic approach, the use of non-theological literature, as well as the development of a sermon based on pneumatology.
References
1920 births
2010 deaths
Swiss Protestants
20th-century Protestant theologians
Swiss Calvinist and Reformed ministers
Swiss Calvinist and Reformed theologians
Events from the year 1915 in Scotland.
Incumbents
Secretary for Scotland and Keeper of the Great Seal – Thomas McKinnon Wood
Law officers
Lord Advocate – Robert Munro
Solicitor General for Scotland – Thomas Brash Morison
Judiciary
Lord President of the Court of Session and Lord Justice General – Lord Strathclyde
Lord Justice Clerk – Lord Kingsburgh, then Lord Dickson
Chairman of the Scottish Land Court – Lord Kennedy
Events
26 January – Royal Navy King Edward VII-class battleship HMS Britannia runs aground on Inchkeith in the Firth of Forth and suffers considerable damage.
19 February – Royal Navy Acorn-class destroyer is wrecked on Start Point, Sanday, Orkney.
10 March – World War I: German submarine U-12 is hunted down by Royal Navy destroyers , and off the Firth of Forth and sunk with the loss of 19 of their crew, 10 being saved.
11 March – World War I: Armed merchantman is sunk off Galloway by German U-boat SM U-27 with the loss of around 200 of their crew, 26 being saved.
18 March – World War I: Royal Navy battleship sinks German submarine U-29 with all hands in the Pentland Firth by ramming her, the only time this tactic is known to have been successfully used by a battleship.
April – Glasgow becomes the first U.K. city to employ women conductors on public transport for the duration of the War.
25 April – World War I: Gallipoli Campaign – Carnoustie-born seaman George Samson wins the Victoria Cross for their actions under fire during the landing at Cape Helles.
22 May – Quintinshill rail disaster near Gretna Green: collision and fire kill 226, mostly Royal Scots soldiers, the UK's largest number of fatalities in a railway accident.
12 June – World War I: Oil tanker is torpedoed and sunk by German submarine U-17 off Montrose.
23 June – World War I: Two German submarines sink 17 vessels from the Lerwick fishing fleet.
3 July – World War I: 15th (Scottish) Infantry Division receives embarkation orders for France.
25 September – World War I: Battle of Loos opens: Piper Daniel Laidlaw leads 7th Battalion, The King's Own Scottish Borderers in the advance on the enemy trenches, an action for which they are awarded the Victoria Cross.
27 September & 13 October – World War I: Tillicoultry-born second cousins James Dalgleish Pollock and James Lennox Dawson each win the Victoria Cross for their actions at the Battle of the Hohenzollern Redoubt (part of the Battle of Loos).
27 October – World War I: Glasgow revolutionary socialist anti-war protester John Maclean is arrested for the first time under the Defence of the Realm Act and dismissed from their job as a teacher.
8 November – Copinsay lighthouse in Orkney (engineer: D. Alan Stevenson) first illuminated.
27 November
Government introduces legislation to restrict housing rents to their pre-war level following Glasgow rent strikes led by Mary Barbour.
Auxiliary cruiser HMS Caribbean sinks off Cape Wrath in a storm; 15 are killed.
10 December – World War I: Douglas Haig is appointed to command the British Expeditionary Force.
30 December – Armoured cruiser capsizes at anchor in the Cromarty Firth as the result of an internal explosion in their ammunition stores; 390 sailors and some civilians are killed.
World War I – Khaki Balmoral bonnet, known as the tam o' shanter, introduced for wear by Scottish troops in the trenches of the Western Front.
Births
21 February – John Brown, international footballer (died 2005)
29 March – George Chisholm, jazz trombonist (died 1997 in London)
8 May – John George Macleod, doctor of medicine and a writer of medical textbooks (died 2006)
6 September – Calum Maclean, folklorist (died 1960)
27 October – Robert Alexander Rankin, mathematician (died 2001)
6 November – David I. Masson, science-fiction writer and librarian (died 1979 in Leeds)
8 November – George Sutherland Fraser, poet and critic (died 1980 in Leicester)
15 November – David Stirling, mountaineer, World War II British Army officer, and the founder of the Special Air Service (died 1990)
17 December – Stuart Hood novelist, translator, television producer and Controller of BBC Television (died 2011)
28 December – Jack Milroy, comedian (died 2001)
31 December – Neil Paterson, writer and footballer (died 1995)
George Campbell Hay, poet (died 1984)
Ernest Marwick, writer noted for their writings on Orkney folklore and history (died 1977)
Deaths
13 January – Mary Slessor, missionary (born 1848; died in Nigeria)
6 March – Louisa Jordan, nurse (born 1848; died of typhus in Serbia)
9 March – Sir James Donaldson classical scholar, and educational and theological writer (born 1831)
19 April – Sir Thomas Clouston, psychiatrist (born 1840)
23 April – Robert W. Sterling, poet (born 1893; killed in action)
8 May – Walter Lyon, lawyer and war poet (born 1886; missing in action)
7 July – Samuel Cockburn, physician, practising homeopathy (born 1823)
26 September – Keir Hardie, socialist, first chairperson of the Parliamentary Labour Party and pacifist (born 1856)
2 October – Lord Ninian Crichton-Stuart, British Army officer and Unionist politician (born 1883; killed in action)
13 October – Charles Sorley, poet (born 1895; killed in action)
22 October – Sir Andrew Noble, 1st Baronet, physicist (born 1831)
The arts
August–September – John Buchan's thriller The Thirty-Nine Steps, set largely in Galloway immediately before the outbreak of war and introducing their hero Richard Hannay, is serialised in Blackwood's Magazine before being published in book form in October by William Blackwood and Sons in Edinburgh.
Violet Jacob's poetry collection Songs of Angus is published.
Sculptor James Pittendrigh Macgillivray's poetry collection Pro Patria is published.
See also
Timeline of Scottish history
1915 in the United Kingdom
References
Scotland
Years of the 20th century in Scotland
1910s in Scotland
The Billboard Hot 100 is a chart that ranks the best-performing singles of the United States. Its data, published by Billboard magazine and compiled by Nielsen SoundScan, is based collectively on each single's weekly physical and digital sales, as well as airplay and streaming. At the end of a year, Billboard will publish an annual list of the 100 most successful songs throughout that year on the Hot 100 chart based on the information. For 2019, the list was published on December 5, calculated with data from November 24, 2018 to November 16, 2019.
Post Malone ranked as Billboards top Hot 100 artist of 2019. Of their five songs on the list, "Sunflower" (with Swae Lee) ranked the highest, as the number-two song of the year.
Year-end list
See also
2019 in American music
List of Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles of 2019
List of Billboard Hot 100 top 10 singles in 2019
References
United States Hot 100 Year end
Billboard charts
2019 in American music
A moral victory occurs when a person, team, army or other group loses a confrontation, and yet achieves some other moral gain. This gain might be unrelated to the confrontation in question, and the gain is often considerably less than what would have been accomplished if an actual victory had been achieved.
For example, a sports team that is a heavy underdog and loses narrowly to a superior opponent might claim a moral victory, acquitting themselves well even in defeat. A team that plays fairly and loses to a cheating team might also claim a moral victory in spite of the loss.
Another moral victory can be seen in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible, where the character Giles Corey was pressed to death by large stones because they remained silent, neither denying nor confirming the accusations of witchcraft. Because "witches" had all their land and property taken from them, their silence allowed their children to inherit their land when they could not have otherwise.
Others may include scenarios in which a force loses a struggle, but inflicts great losses upon their opponents (the opposite of a Pyrrhic victory. Examples include the Battle of the Alamo and the Battle of Thermopylae).
References
Sports terminology
Sports culture
Victory
Kelvin Roy is a New Zealand based musician and composer. With a background in jazz, and more recently, children's educational music. They have played in numerous groups including BlueStars, The Jews Brothers Band, Nairobi Trio, Twin City Stompers and several Latin American-inspired bands. Born to a New Zealand father in Flint, Michigan, USA, Kelvin performed in popular funk and jazz bands across the United States, from the midwest to Louisiana, and California, before making New Zealand their home. Kelvin has recorded with Jews Brothers, BlueStars, Gyrotayshin, and in 1997 released a solo album entitled inner space under the label Martian Music. They followed this up with just can't stop.
The album received kudos from both US and New Zealand radio stations, and they went on to release the Times of Our Lives CD and single, which featured on the SmoothJazz.com playlist for over two years.
One of the albums Kelvin produced with BlueStars, Around the World of Music Live at the Loaded Hog, charted at number #1 on the local radio station KAFM in Grand Junction, Colorado and played on many CMJ Network stations in the USA. The Loaded Hog, the venue of the live recording, was a regular host to Kelvin and BlueStars for over three years. They also continued the BlueStars Band in Australia.
Back in New Zealand, they continue to release under the same label, Martian Music, and has focused much of their attention on music for children. Their hit song ‘Countdown' was nominated for Children's Song of the Year in 2012, and since 2008, Martian Music has released 13 albums of children's music, composed and performed by Kelvin Roy. The albums focus on a key theme (such as animals, conservation, activities and values) and emphasise everything from dance and movement to soothing sounds. In 2016, they released the Overlap album with Nigel Gavin, which is middle eastern and New Zealand inspired jazz instrumental. Album #20, scheduled to be released in 2020, lifts their strength in diversity ideal to yet another level.
Kelvin is a master of the particularly rare bass trumpet, or otherwise known as a marching valve trombone, and they also sing, plays keyboards, percussion and trombone.
Bibliography
In 2018, Kelvin Roy (under the name Kelvin Roy-Gapper) published their first book, Aphorisms: Gifted One-Liners, through publishers Austin Macauley.
Discography
Growing Up in the New Clear Age*
M001 InnerSpace
M002 Just can't Stop
M003 Times of Our Lives
M004 Around the World of Music Live at the Loaded Hog
M005 Animals
M006 AquAnimals
M007 AquAnimals 2
M008 Grooving with the Animals
M009 Endangered Downunder
M010 Soothing Flora & Fauna
M011 Jollytime
M012 Holidays
M013 Things we Love to Do
M014 Amazing Animals
M015 Overlap
M017 Birds
M018 Magic of Nature
M019 Funny Animals
References
External links
Kelvin Roy - Official Home Page
Living people
New Zealand composers
Male composers
Year of birth missing (living people)
New Zealand writers
A story paper is a periodical publication similar to a literary magazine, but featuring illustrations and text stories, and aimed towards children and teenagers. Also known in Britain as "boys' weeklies", story papers were phenomenally popular before the outbreak of the Second World War.
Among the most well-known British story papers was Boy's Own Paper, which ran from 1879 to 1967.
Beginnings
The first known edition of what would later become known as a "story paper" was The Young Gentleman's Magazine, published in 1777. The first story paper to really take off was The Boys' and Girls' Penny Magazine, first published in September 1832.
In 1866, Charles Stephens began selling Boys of England on the English streets for a penny—the first "penny dreadful". Story papers in this style minimized the expense of writing in order to produce an extremely cheap product. Strictly speaking, the "penny dreadful" died off by the turn of the century, but this term was still used to refer to story papers throughout their history. The Halfpenny Marvel, first published in 1893, was "founded to counteract the pernicious influences of the Penny Dreadfuls", according to its title page. A book about these weeklies (also called "bloods" because of their savage contents) was created in 1948 by E. S. Turner, called Boys Will be Boys.
Golden Age
Denis Gifford designated the period between World War I and World War II as the "Golden Age" of story papers. Sales of the story papers were at their highest during these years, as were the fecundity of the authors, the range in genre of magazines, and the colourful variety of the heroes. The most famous story paper hero, Sexton Blake, reached their apex during these years.
World War II caused chaos in Britain, and among other things the story papers had to be shut down as funds were redirected to the war. This is known as the Dark Ages for story papers, and nearly all of the papers ceased printing in 1939 or 1940.
Silver Age and modern comics
In the 1950s and 1960s, some story papers such as The Rover briefly flourished, but television had a growing influence on the attentions of British children. Mergers between publishing houses finished off the remaining story papers, or modified them to become comic books, in the 1970s. The Rover was the last survivor and ceased publishing in 1973.
Format and politics
George Orwell's essay, Boys' Weeklies, outlines the general themes of the story paper in the "Golden Age". As far as Orwell could tell, Britain was the only country in Europe in which story papers were produced. The Gem and The Magnet, the oldest of their kind, featured school serials always centred on a group of characters any reader could identify with. More recent story papers focused on adventure and intrigue, and had a large teenage readership.
According to Orwell, all of the English papers published at the time were stuck in the 1910s and had an underlying conservative slant, which taught children to be deferential to the upper-class. They suggested socialist values could be just as exciting if they followed the story paper format.
There were story papers for children of both sexes, although there was a broad overlap in the actual readership of the two.
List of story papers
UK
Adventure
Aunt Judy's Magazine
Big Budget
Boy's Best Story Paper
Boys' Broadcast
Boy's Champion
The Boys' Friend
Boys' Magazine
Boys of England
The Boy's Own Paper
The Boys' Herald
The Boys' Leader
The Boys' Realm
Bullseye
The Captain
The Champion
The Children's Friend
Chums
Dixon Hawke Library
The Dreadnought
The Empire
The Gem
Girl's Best Friend
Girls' Crystal
The Girl's Home
The Girl's Own Paper
Girl's Reader
The Girl's Realm
Girl's Weekly
The Greyfriars Herald
The Hotspur
Halfpenny Marvel
Jabberwock
The Jester
Joker
Lion (boys' magazine)
The Magnet
The Marvel
The Modern Boy
Nelson Lee Library
Our Girls
Pals
Peg's Paper
The Penny Popular
The Pilot
Pluck
Public School Magazine
The Ranger
Red Arrow
The Rover
School and Sport
School Friend
Schoolgirls' Own
Schooldays
The Schoolgirl
Schoolgirls' Weekly
Scout
The Sexton Blake Library
The Skipper
Startler
The Thriller
Tip Top
The Triumph
Union Jack
The Vanguard
The Wizard
Young England magazine
Young Folks
Ireland
Our Boys (Ireland)
Australia
The Silver Jacket
See also
Penny dreadful
Pulp magazine
Dime novel
History of the British comic
References
External links
British Juvenile Story Papers and Pocket Libraries Index
Collecting Books and Magazines: Story Papers
British Story Papers Flickr Group
University of Minnesota Hess Collection: Story Papers 1850-1910
Story Papers from 110 years of AP / Fleetway / IPC
Periodicals
British children's literature
British culture
Magazine genres
The men's 110 metres hurdles event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 8 and 9 August in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Qualification: First 2 of each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Wind:Heat 1: +2.8 m/s, Heat 2: +2.7 m/s, Heat 3: +3.3 m/s
Final
Wind: +4.8 m/s
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Sprint hurdles at the African Championships in Athletics
Santa Barbara Island (Spanish: Isla de Santa Bárbara; Tongva: Tchunashngna) is a small island of the Channel Islands archipelago in Southern California. It is protected within Channel Islands National Park, and its marine ecosystem is part of the Channel Islands National Marine Sanctuary.
Geography
The island is located about from the Palos Verdes Peninsula coast of Los Angeles County, Southern California, (near Ventura County and west of Greater Los Angeles).
With a total area of about 1 square mile (), it is the smallest of the eight Channel Islands. It is the southernmost island in the Channel Islands National Park. The highest peak on the island is Signal Hill, at .
Although closer to mainland Ventura County and Los Angeles County, the island is part of Santa Barbara County (United States Census Bureau Block 3012, Block Group 3, Census Tract 29.10). It is the only one of the four southern Channel Islands included in the Channel Islands National Park, which also encompasses all four northern islands. According to the 2000 census the island is uninhabited and has a total land area of .
Since it is so small it cannot usually be seen from the mainland, except on clear days (usually in winter) and at sunset when the island is a backlit silhouette.
Geology
While the island is not a volcano, it is composed primarily of Miocene volcanic rocks (basalt) interbedded with marine sediments.
The steep wave-cut cliffs of its shoreline indicate that this is one of the younger Channel Islands. It exhibits at least six marine terraces; evidence of repeated tectonic uplift and subsidence (so called porpoising). Arch Point, on the north-east shore of the island is a arch caused by wave erosion of fault weakened rock.
Offshore, there are two named rocks: Sutil Island off the southwest end () and Shag Rock off the northerly shore () .
History
Native American peoples, probably the Chumash and Tongva, occupied Santa Barbara Island periodically for millennia. Archaeological sites dating to as much as 4,000 years ago have been documented on the island, which may have served as a stopover or refuge point for voyagers between the mainland and the other Channel Islands.
The island was named by Spanish explorer Sebastián Vizcaíno, who sighted the island on 4 December 1602, the feast day dedicated to Saint Barbara. The U.S. National Geodetic Survey surveyed the island in the 1850s. Squatting fishermen and seal hunters occupied the island, including H. Bay Webster near Webster Point, until the federal government leased the island to J.G. Howland in July 1909 for a period of five years. Alvin Hyder assumed the next five-year lease. From 1916 onwards, the island was occupied by the Hyder brothers, Alvin, Clarence and Cleve, with their families. They raised sheep until departing the island in 1922. The only other individuals to lease the island, before it became part of the national monument in 1938, were by Arthur McLelland and Harry Cupit from 1929 to 1932.
In 1852, Charles Melville Scammon, in the brig Mary Helen, hunted northern elephant seals and sea lions on Santa Barbara Island. In December 1934, the steam-schooner California spent a week anchored off the island, processing blue, fin, and sperm whales caught by their two steam-driven whale catchers Hawk and Port Saunders.
The United States Lighthouse Board erected a beacon on the northwest side of the island in 1928, followed by the addition of a second beacon on the southwest corner in 1934. The United States Coast Guard took over servicing, and replaced the northwest tower with a steel tower, solar-powered, in 1980. From 1942 until 1946, the United States Navy built a Coastal Lookout Station on the island, and in the 1960s they built a photo-tracking station, but had left the island by the mid-1960s.
Natural history
Fauna
Santa Barbara Island is home to a large sea lion rookery and seabird nesting colonies. It is also home to the largest breeding colony for Scripps's murrelet, a threatened seabird species. Scripps's murrelet is listed as vulnerable because so much of its breeding takes place on such a small and isolated island.
Fourteen species of birds nest annually on the island. These include the horned lark, orange-crowned warbler, and house finch. Other birds found on the island include the brown pelican, storm petrels, Scripps's murrelet, Guadalupe murrelet, and cormorants. Sea lions, harbor seals, and northern elephant seals are found along the shoreline.
Flora
Santa Barbara Island live-forever (Dudleya traskiae) is a succulent plant endemic to the island. A variety of St. Catherine's lace buckwheat (Eriogonum giganteum), Eriogonum giganteum var. compactum or Santa Barbara Island buckwheat, is endemic to and particularly rare on Santa Barbara Island.
Appearances in popular culture
California's Gold Episode 508
See also
Flora of the Channel Islands of California
List of islands of California
References
Channel Islands National Park
Islands of Southern California
Islands of the Channel Islands of California
Islands of Ventura County, California
Miocene volcanism
Volcanism of California
Miocene geology
Paleogene California
Uninhabited islands of California
Islands of California
Lewistown Area High School was founded in September 1976 and was one of two high schools in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania. It served residents of the Borough of Lewistown and communities to the borough's south and west. It was part of the Mifflin County School District.
History
In 1971, the Mifflin County School District merged the four high schools in the county into one. (Lewistown-Granville, Rothrock, Chief Logan, and Kishacoquillas) Since the school district did not have a building large enough to accommodate the combined student population, a new one was built. This building is now the present day Lewistown Area High School. The building was slated to be a state-of-the-art school for the time period; equipped with a large auditorium and balcony, and a television studio.
It also featured an experimental "open classroom" design. There were no walls between classes of similar subjects. For example, all English classes (9th–12th grades) were in one large room, though students sat facing different directions. Eventually, room dividers were put in place and in the mid-1990s, permanent walls were constructed in the large rooms to resemble standard designs.
In 1976, following the '75–'76 school year, Chief Logan High (which had been hosting half of the Penn Highlands students until completion of the new school) and Kishacoquillas High were restored. Since the Mifflin County School District built the open space Lewistown Area High School, the school district combined Lewistown-Granville High and nearby McVeytown's Rothrock High into one school and moved those students into the renamed present day Lewistown Area High School.
In 1989, the Chief Logan and Kishacoquillas High Schools were combined to create Indian Valley High School. It is located at the former Chief Logan High School in Highland Park, Pennsylvania. The former Kishacoquillas High School is now the Indian Valley Middle School in Reedsville, Pennsylvania.
On March 27, 2008, President Bill Clinton visited Lewistown Area High School and gave a speech supporting Hillary Clinton's run for president. It was closed in 2011 and merged with Mifflin County High School.
Athletics
Lewistown's athletic teams were called the Panthers and their colors were blue and white. The school's original colors were maroon and silver, but were changed after the break-up of Penn Highlands High School, as the new incarnation of Lewistown High inherited the blue and white sports and band uniforms of the defunct Penn Highlands school.
Lewistown Area High School sponsored the following sports:
Boys: Cross Country, Football, Soccer, Golf, Basketball, Baseball, Wrestling, Tennis, Track & Field, Bowling
Girls: Cross Country, Soccer, Field Hockey, Volleyball, Basketball, Softball, Tennis, Golf, Track & Field, Bowling
References
External links
Lewistown Area High School Homepage
Mifflin County School District Homepage
Educational institutions established in 1976
High schools in Central Pennsylvania
Schools in Mifflin County, Pennsylvania
Public high schools in Pennsylvania
1976 establishments in Pennsylvania
2011 disestablishments in Pennsylvania
Educational institutions disestablished in 2011
Harris County Housing Authority (HCHA) is the low-income housing and public housing authority of Harris County, Texas in Greater Houston. Its headquarters are in southern Houston. It mainly serves areas outside of Houston, as the Houston Housing Authority serves that city.
In 2017, due to a decrease in the federal government budgets funding housing choice vouchers, it canceled some and stopped the issuance of new ones.
Public housing
The HCHA has eight senior housing properties owned and/or operated by the agency. four of them are in the Texas State Highway 249/Farm to Market Road 1960 area. These include (and are located in unincorporated areas unless otherwise specified):
Baybrook Park (City of Webster)
Cornerstone Village
Cypresswood Estates
Louetta Village
Magnolia Estates - northeast Harris County
Primrose at Heritage Park - northwest Harris County
Sierra Meadows
The Retreat at Westlock
The complex, in the SH249/1960 area, has of space, and has 140 units. Residents may be aged 65 or older. HCHA completed its plans for the project in April 2015. The complex began taking occupants in May 2017, and completion was scheduled by fall 2017. Prior to the development of the complex, residents of area subdivisions expressed opposition to the addition of low income housing in their areas. In January 2015 Texas House of Representatives member Allen Fletcher sent the HCHA a letter stating their opposition to the housing even though they sent a letter in support of the housing in March 2013, and Texas House member Debbie Riddle tried to frustrate attempts within the House to reduce the amount of obstruction of public housing from politicians. The HCHA set a ban on visitors under age 62 from being present at The Retreat at Westlock for periods longer than three days each, due to the opposition from the surrounding areas; it is, as of 2017, the only HCHA property with this rule.
The HCHA owns and/or operates a single housing complex for families, Waterside Court, in an unincorporated area in northwest Harris County, in the SH249/1960 area. It has 118 housing units. Residents of this property are in the Aldine Independent School District, and are zoned to Keeble Early Childhood/Prekindergarten/Kindergarten (EC/PK/KG) School, Thomas Gray Elementary School, Stovall Middle School, Aldine 9th Grade School, and Aldine High School.
References
External links
Harris County Housing Authority
Harris County, Texas
Public housing in Texas
Anna Karenina is an opera in two acts by American composer David Carlson, based on the 1877 novel Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy, commissioned by Florida Grand Opera to celebrate the 2007 opening of the Ziff Ballet Opera House at the Adrienne Arsht Center for the Performing Arts, co-commissioned by Opera Theatre of Saint Louis. The libretto is by British director Colin Graham, originally contemplated for Benjamin Britten's opera commissioned by the Bolshoi Theatre (the project was cancelled by the British after the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia). Graham was to have directed the original production; after their death only weeks before the opera's opening night, the direction was taken over by Mark Streshinsky. The opera is in two acts with a prologue and an epilogue, lasting just over two hours.
The composer added a new scene to the score for the West Coast premiere at the Opera San José in 2010.
Orchestration
The opera exists in two orchestral versions. The original calls for piccolo, 2 flutes, 2 oboes (both doubling English horn), 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons (#2 doubling on contrabassoon), 4 horns, 3 trumpets, 3 trombones, tuba, timpani, three percussionists, harp, celesta, and strings, with off-stage and recorded sounds.
The new version, created for Opera San José in California, re-scored by conductor Bryan Nies, is scored for 2 flutes (#2 doubling on piccolo), 2 oboes, 2 clarinets, 2 bassoons, 4 horns, 2 trumpets, 2 trombones, two percussionists, harp, synthesizer/celesta, and strings.
Recordings
The opera was recorded during the performances by Opera Theatre of Saint Louis, with the Saint Louis Symphony Orchestra performing, led by Stewart Robertson, and was released on the Signum Classics label.
Performance history and roles
Various spoken roles
The opera is published by Carl Fischer Music, New York.
References
2007 operas
Operas
English-language operas
Operas by David Carlson
Operas based on novels
Operas based on works by Leo Tolstoy
Operas set in Russia
Salari (, also Romanized as Sālārī) is a village in Belharat Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 783, in 214 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Willie Richard (November 10, 1936 – February 13, 1989), who performed as Hip Linkchain, was an American Chicago blues guitarist, singer and songwriter.
Their best-known numbers were "Change My Blues" and "That Will Never Do". AllMusic described them as a "solid, no-frills bluesman". Another music journalist noted, "his composer's talents put them much above the average bluesmen". Linkchain worked with Lester Davenport, Pinetop Perkins, Tyrone Davis, and Little Walter.
Life and career
They were born in Jackson, Mississippi. Their stage name was in deference to their father's nickname, Linkchain, which was due to their habit of sporting logging chains around their neck, and the boy's childhood nickname, Hipstick. They were inspired by the blues playing of Sonny Boy Williamson II, Elmore James and Little Milton, all of whom Linkchain heard in the Mississippi Delta, before they relocated to Chicago, Illinois, in 1954. They were raised in Louise, Mississippi, and picked cotton before their move north. Linkchain found regular employment playing blues guitar in the clubs of Chicago throughout the 1950s and 1960s, working at various times with the harmonica players Lester Davenport, Dusty Brown, and Little Willy Foster.
By 1959, Linkchain had formed their own band, the Chicago Twisters, with Tyrone Davis as frontman. Linkchain recorded sporadically, mainly for small independent record labels based in Chicago, and a handful of their singles were released in the 1960s. Their debut album, Change My Blues, with Pinetop Perkins (piano), Rich Kirch (guitar), Right Hand Frank Bandy (bass) and Fred Grady (drums), was released by the small Teardrop Records in 1983.
Linkchain died of mesothelioma cancer, on February 13, 1989, in Chicago
Their best-known album, Airbusters, was originally released by the Netherlands-based label Black Magic in 1988, not long before they died. It was later reissued by Evidence Records.
Discography
Albums
† Jimmy and Hip Live! was a live album, recorded with Jimmy Dawkins in Champaign, Illinois, in 1982.
See also
List of Chicago blues musicians
List of electric blues musicians
References
External links
1936 births
1989 deaths
Blues musicians from Mississippi
American blues guitarists
American male guitarists
American blues singers
Chicago blues musicians
Electric blues musicians
Songwriters from Mississippi
Musicians from Jackson, Mississippi
Deaths from cancer in Illinois
20th-century American singers
20th-century American guitarists
Songwriters from Illinois
Guitarists from Illinois
Guitarists from Mississippi
20th-century American male singers
People from Humphreys County, Mississippi
American male songwriters
Bronwe Watson (born 23 February 1977) is an Australian former representative rower.  They are a national champion, two-time World Champion and an Olympian.
Personal
Watson was born in Milton, New South Wales. Them father David is an Olympian, who competed at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics in road cycling. They attended Heathcote High School and lived in Sydney, and worked at the University of Sydney.
Club and state rowing
Watson competed in the lightweight category and had most success in double and quad sculls. They were coached by Phil Bourguignon, and rowed from the Sydney University Boat Club. They held a rowing scholarship with the New South Wales Institute of Sport.
After some representative success in 2003, Watson retired. They came out of retirement in 2005 to take up social rowing in England, and to compete the 2005 Women's and Royal Henley, winning the lightweight pair that year. Following this, they moved back to Australia and took a position as a girls high school rowing coach, followed by further sport administrative work with the NSW Institute of Sports and Sydney Uni Sport & Fitness.
National representative rowing
Watson made their Australian representative debut in 2003 in the Australian lightweight quad scull at the World Rowing Cup III in Lucerne. They had to compete to earn their spot in the Australian quad crew for the 2003 World Championships, with five women trying to earn four spots. At the 2003 World Rowing Championships in Milan, Watson won a bronze medal in the women's lightweight quad scull. Following the competition, they retired from rowing for the first time.
They returned to club rowing in the 2006/2007 season and successfully earned a position on the Australian Rowing Team. At the 2007 World Rowing Championships in Munich, they won a gold medal in the women's lightweight quad with Miranda Bennett, Alice McNamara and Tara Kelly.
At the 2008 World Rowing Championships in Linz/Ottensheim, Austria they won their second world title and gold medal in the women's lightweight quad scull. In 2009, they competed for the fourth time at World Championships this time in the women's lightweight double scull with McNamara. Them boat qualified for the finals and finished fifth overall.
After their participation in the 2010 Australian Rowing Championships they announced their second retirement in April 2010. They came out of retirement in September 2010 to compete in the New Zealand hosted Great Race, where they rowed for Sydney University in the Bryan Gould Cup. They did not begin their comeback for the 2012 Summer Olympics until midway through 2011 after moving home from a stint living in Tokyo, Japan.
Despite fracturing their L3 vertebrae during training in February 2012, Watson persevered and was able to complete a strenuous rehab/training program which enable them to earn selection for the 2012 Olympic Team. Watson finished seventh in the lightweight double event at the 2012 World Cup 3 in Munich, Germany and ninth in the lightweight double event at the 2012 World Cup 2 in Lucerne, Switzerland. They were selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Olympics rowing in the lightweight women's 2X with their partner Hannah Every-Hall from Victoria. Prior to going to London, they participated in a training camp at the Australian Institute of Sport European Training Centre in Varese, Italy after having taken part in another team training camp in Sydney. Watson and Every-Hall qualified through to the Olympic A final finishing fifth overall.
References
Living people
1977 births
Australian female rowers
Olympic rowers of Australia
Rowers at the 2012 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Australia
21st-century Australian women
The 1987 Harvard Crimson football team was an American football team that represented Harvard University during the 1987 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Harvard was champion of the Ivy League.
In their 17th year under head coach Joe Restic, the Crimson compiled an 8–2 record and outscored opponents 243 to 163. Kevin J. Dulsky was the team captain.
Harvard's 6–1 conference record was the best in the Ivy League standings. The Crimson outscored Ivy opponents 177 to 84.
The Crimson briefly appeared in the weekly national top 20, achieving No. 20 in the poll released November 3, but fell out of the rankings the next week and remained unranked through the end of the season.
Harvard played its home games at Harvard Stadium in the Allston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.
Schedule
References
Harvard
Harvard Crimson football seasons
Ivy League football champion seasons
Harvard Crimson football
Harvard Crimson football
Panaspis maculicollis, also known as the speckle-lipped snake-eyed skink or spotted-neck snake-eyed skink, is a species of lidless skinks in the family Scincidae. The species is found in southern Africa.
Distribution
Panaspis maculicollis is found in northern South Africa, southern Mozambique, Zambia, Zimbabwe, northern Botswana, northeastern Namibia (Caprivi Strip), and southern Angola.
Description
Panaspis maculicollis is a small skink measuring on average in snout–vent length.
Habitat
Panaspis maculicollis is a terrestrial skink that inhabits open or rocky savanna.
References
Panaspis
Skinks of Africa
Reptiles of Angola
Reptiles of Botswana
Reptiles of Mozambique
Reptiles of Namibia
Reptiles of South Africa
Reptiles of Zambia
Reptiles of Zimbabwe
Reptiles described in 2000
Taxa named by Donald George Broadley
Taxa named by Neils Henning Gunther Jacobsen
Noè Cruciani (26 January 1963 – 20 May 1996) was an Italian boxer. They competed in the men's middleweight event at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1963 births
1996 deaths
Italian male boxers
Olympic boxers of Italy
Boxers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Middleweight boxers
People from Foligno
Sportspeople from the Province of Perugia
The seventh season of the American television series Bones premiered on November 3, 2011, and concluded on May 14, 2012, on Fox. The show maintained its previous time slot, airing on Thursdays at 9:00 pm ET for the first half of the season. It began airing on Mondays at 8:00 pm when it returned on April 2, 2012. The season contains a reduced order of 13 episodes to accommodate Emily Deschanel's pregnancy. Fox ordered an additional four episodes, that were produced during the seventh season, but aired during the first part of season eight.
Cast and characters
Main cast
Emily Deschanel as Dr. Temperance "Bones" Brennan, a forensic anthropologist
David Boreanaz as FBI Special Agent Seeley Booth, who is the official FBI liaison with the Jeffersonian
Michaela Conlin as Angela Montenegro, a forensic artist and wife of Jack Hodgins
Tamara Taylor as Dr. Camille Saroyan, a forensic pathologist and the head of the forensic division
T. J. Thyne as Dr. Jack Hodgins, an entomologist and husband of Angela Montenegro
John Francis Daley as Dr. Lance Sweets, an FBI psychologist, who provides psychological reports on criminals and staff including Brennan and Booth
Recurring cast
Patricia Belcher as Caroline Julian, a District attorney prosecutor that often works with the team
Andrew Leeds as Christopher Pelant, this season's recurring 'tech-savvy' antagonist
Tina Majorino as Special Agent Genevieve Shaw
Ryan O'Neal as Max Keenan, Brennan's father
Reed Diamond as Hayes Flynn, an FBI special agent
Billy Gibbons as Angela's father
Tiffany Hines as Michelle Welton, Cam's adopted daughter
Ty Panitz as Parker Booth, Booth's son
Ralph Waite as Hank Booth, Seeley's grandfather
Interns
Carla Gallo as Daisy Wick
Michael Grant Terry as Wendell Bray
Eugene Byrd as Dr. Clark Edison
Luke Kleintank as Finn Abernathy
Joel David Moore as Colin Fisher
Pej Vahdat as Arastoo Vaziri
Episodes
The season is truncated due to Emily Deschanel's pregnancy and maternity leave. Originally, six episodes were scheduled to air in 2011 before the series went on hiatus, but the sixth episode was postponed to January 12, 2012, with the series then going on hiatus until the spring. The season begins a few months after the end of the previous season with Brennan in their third trimester. The season also introduces a new recurring antagonist, whom executive producer Stephen Nathan describes as "more of a 21st-century, tech-savvy foe" compared to the series' past recurring antagonists. The first six episodes also deal with Booth and Brennan preparing to raise their child.
Crossovers with The Finder
The Bones spin-off series The Finder, which aired its backdoor pilot episode as part of Bones sixth season, premiered on January 12, 2012. The Finder aired 7 of its 13-episode season in Bones time slot when it went on hiatus during January–March 2012, before The Finder moved to Fridays. Bones cast members John Francis Daley and T. J. Thyne, who portray Lance Sweets and Jack Hodgins, respectively, appeared in different episodes of The Finder. Also, David Boreanaz directed an episode of The Finder.
DVD and Blu-ray release
The seventh season of Bones was released on DVD and Blu-ray in region 1 on October 9, 2012, in region 2 on October 1, 2012 and in region 4 on November 7, 2012. The set includes all 13 episodes of season seven on a 4-disc DVD set and 3-disc Blu-ray set presented in anamorphic widescreen. Special features include an audio commentary on "The Past in the Present" by Hart Hanson and Ian Toynton, deleted scenes from "The Memories in the Shallow Grave" and "The Past in the Present", a gag reel, and two featurettes—Creating "The Suit on the Set" and Bone of Contention: On the Red Carpet.
References
General references
External links
Season 07
2011 American television seasons
2012 American television seasons
Gerald James Paddio (born April 21, 1965) is an American former professional basketball player who played in three National Basketball Association (NBA) seasons for five different teams – the Cleveland Cavaliers, Seattle SuperSonics, Indiana Pacers, New York Knicks and Washington Bullets. A 6'7" small forward from Kilgore College and the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (UNLV), Paddio was selected by the Boston Celtics in the third round (74th overall) of the 1988 NBA draft.
In their NBA career, Paddio appeared in 129 games and scored a total of 715 points. Their most notable year as a professional was during the 1990–91 NBA season as a member of the Cavaliers when they appeared in 70 games and averaged 7.2 ppg.
During their college playing days at UNLV, they were coached by Jerry Tarkanian. Paddio was an important part of the 1987 UNLV team that reached to the Final Four.
References
External links
Stats from databasebasketball.com
1965 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in Lebanon
American expatriate basketball people in Mexico
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Louisiana
BCM Gravelines players
Boston Celtics draft picks
CB Zaragoza players
Chicago Rockers players
Cleveland Cavaliers players
Club Ourense Baloncesto players
Ferro Carril Oeste basketball players
Grand Rapids Hoops players
Indiana Pacers players
Junior college men's basketball players in the United States
Kilgore College alumni
Liga ACB players
Maccabi Givat Shmuel players
Maccabi Rishon LeZion basketball players
New York Knicks players
Rapid City Thrillers players
Rochester Flyers players
Rockford Lightning players
Seattle SuperSonics players
Seminole State College of Florida alumni
Small forwards
Soles de Jalisco players
Sportspeople from Lafayette, Louisiana
UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball players
Victoria Libertas Pesaro players
Wakayama Trians players
Washington Bullets players
Jo Su-Huk (; born March 18, 1987) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays for Ulsan Hyundai.
International career
They played for South Korea national under-20 football team at the 2006 AFC Youth Championship and at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup.
Club career statistics
Honours
Ulsan Hyundai
AFC Champions League: 2020
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Association football goalkeepers
South Korean footballers
FC Seoul players
Incheon United FC players
Ulsan Hyundai FC players
K League 1 players
Konkuk University alumni
The Houdan or is an old French breed of domestic chicken. It is named for its area of origin, the commune of Houdan, in the département of Yvelines to the west of Paris. It belongs to the crested chicken group, is muffed and bearded, has an unusual leaf-shaped comb, and has five toes on each foot rather than the usual four.
History
The Houdan is a traditional French breed; its origins are unknown. It was described in detail by Charles Jacque in 1856 and 1858. The Houdan combines a number of distinctive features, which in the nineteenth century gave rise to speculation about the breeds that might have contributed to its development; the Crèvecœur, Dorking and Polish have been mentioned as possible "ancestors".
It was first imported into England in 1850, and to North America in 1865, where it appeared in the first edition of the American Standard of Perfection in 1874.
Characteristics
The Houdan is crested, muffed and bearded, has an unusual leaf-shaped comb, and has five toes on each foot rather than the usual four. The earlobes and wattles are small, and may be mostly or completely hidden by the feathering. The comb is leaf- or butterfly-shaped in European and Australian standards; in the United States it is v-shaped.
The most common colour variety, and the only one recognised in the United Kingdom, is mottled (or , "pebbled" in France), a pattern of black with white spotting. In the past there was a lighter variation of the mottled pattern; in the 1800s, it may have been more similar to the splashy mixture of white and black which today is called exchequer. Three other colour varieties are recognised in France: black, pearl-grey, and white. In the Poultry Standard for Europe of the Entente Européenne d'Aviculture et de Cuniculture the black mottled, cuckoo, pearl-grey and white are recognised; a black variety is listed but unrecognised. The white variety was developed in the United States. Other colours were known in the past, including blue mottled and red.
Although it is classified by the Poultry Club of Great Britain as heavy, the Houdan is a light breed: cocks weigh and hens . A bantam Houdan was created in Britain shortly after the end of the Second World War, and developed further in Germany and in France.
Use
The Houdan was formerly a dual-purpose fowl, kept for both eggs and meat: for part of the nineteenth century it was one of the principal meat breeds of France. In the twenty-first century it is an endangered breed, and is reared primarily for showing.
Hens may give some 140–160 eggs per year; they are white, and not large.
References
Conservation Priority Breeds of the Livestock Conservancy
Chicken breeds
Chicken breeds originating in France
In Māori mythology, Tāne (also called Tāne-mahuta, Tāne-nui-a-Rangi, and several other names) is the god of forests and of birds, and the son of Ranginui and Papatūānuku, the sky father and the earth mother, who used to lie in a tight embrace where their many children lived in the darkness between them (Grey 1956:2).
On Tahiti, Tane was the god of peace and beauty.
Separates their parents
The children of Rangi and Papa grew frustrated at their confinement in the cramped space between their parents. Tū, future god of war, proposes that they should kill their parents. But Tāne (or Tāne-mahuta) disagrees, suggesting that it is better to separate them, sending Rangi into the sky and leaving Papa below to care for them. Tāne's brothers Rongo, then Tangaroa, Haumia-tiketike and Tū all try in vain to separate the parents. After many tries, Tāne lies on their back and pushes with their strong legs, and finally forces their parents apart, and Rangi rises high into the heavens (Grey 1956:2-3). Then Tāne searched for heavenly bodies as lights so that their father would be appropriately dressed. They obtained the stars and threw them up, along with the moon and the sun. At last Rangi looked handsome (Orbell 1998:145).
Tāwhirimātea, the god of storms and winds, is angry that the parents have been torn apart. They join their father in the sky and punishes the earth and sea with violent storms (Grey 1956:3-6, Tregear 1891:54). Tāwhirimātea attacks the forests of Tāne, snapping the trunks of the trees, shattering the trees to the ground, leaving them as food for decay and insects. Then they attack the oceans, and Tangaroa, the god of the sea, flees. Two of Tangaroa's descendants, Ikatere, father of fish and Tu-te-wehiwehi (or Tu-te-wanawana), the ancestor of reptiles, are terrified by Tāwhirimātea's fury. The fish flee into the sea, and the reptiles into the forests. Ever since, Tangaroa has resented Tāne for hiding their runaway children. So it is that Tāne supplies the descendants of Tūmatauenga with canoes, fishhooks, and nets to catch the descendants of Tangaroa. Tangaroa retaliates by overturning canoes and sending floods that sweep away houses, land and trees (Grey 1971:5-6).
Progenitor of humankind
Some legends say that Tāne made the first man, named Tiki. More widely known is a tradition that Tāne was trying to find themselves a wife, but at first they found only non-human females and fathered insects, birds, and plants. One such was Rangahore, who gave birth to a stone and was abandoned by Tāne. Then they made a woman by moulding them from the soil (Orbell 1998:145).
In some stories, Tāne marries their daughter Hine-tītama without them knowing who they are. Upon discovering that they have married their father, they flee to the underworld, and becomes the goddess of death, Hine-nui-te-pō. Tāne follows them and begs them to return. They tell them to return to the world and raise their children, while they will wait below to receive them when they die (Orbell 1998:38).
Other traditions tell of the three baskets of knowledge that Tāne brought down from the heavens (Orbell 1998:145).
See also
Tāne Mahuta, a famous kauri tree.
Whirinaki Te Pua-a-Tāne, a prehistoric rainforest.
Kāne, a god of Hawaii.
Notes
References
G. Grey, Nga Mahi a Nga Tupuna, fourth edition. First published 1854. (Reed: Wellington), 1971.
G. Grey, Polynesian Mythology, Illustrated edition, reprinted 1976. (Whitcombe and Tombs: Christchurch), 1956.
M. Orbell, The Concise Encyclopedia of Māori Myth and Legend (Canterbury University Press: Christchurch), 1998.
A. Smith, Songs and Stories of Taranaki from the Writings of Te Kahui Kararehe (MacMillan Brown Centre for Pacific Studies: Christchurch), 1993.
E.R. Tregear, Maori-Polynesian Comparative Dictionary (Lyon and Blair: Lambton Quay), 1891.
Māori gods
Māori mythology
Beauty gods
Peace gods
Polynesian gods
Tahiti and Society Islands gods
Tree gods
This is a list of films produced and/or distributed by Lionsgate. Since 1997, about 400 films have been released. As of November 2017, Lionsgate's films grossed approximately $8.2 billion.
References
External links
Lionsgate Publicity website
Upcoming Movies from Lionsgate at Box Office Mojo
Lionsgate Box Office History at The Numbers
Lionsgate
Lionsgate
Illustrated Weekly or The Illustrated Weekly may refer to:
Redpath's Illustrated Weekly
The Illustrated Times Weekly Newspaper
The Illustrated Weekly Hudd
The Illustrated Weekly of India
Weekly Illustrated
See also
Illustrated (disambiguation)
Illustrated Magazine
Illustrated News
Summit, California may refer to:
Summit, Santa Cruz County, California
Altamont, California, formerly known as The Summit
Beaumont, California, formerly known as Summit or Summit Station
See also
Summit (disambiguation)
Summit City, California (disambiguation)
Summit Station, California (disambiguation)
Christophe Delmotte (born 9 June 1969 in Comines, Belgium) is a Franco-Belgian former professional footballer.
Honours
UEFA Intertoto Cup: 1997
Coupe de la Ligue: 2000-01
Ligue 1: 2001–02, 2002–03
References
1969 births
Living people
People from Comines-Warneton
Association football defenders
French people of Belgian descent
French footballers
RC Lens players
Ligue 1 players
CS Sedan Ardennes players
Ligue 2 players
AS Cannes players
Olympique Lyonnais players
Stade de Reims players
AS Saint-Priest players
Uri Katzenstein (; February 17, 1951 – August 24, 2018) was an Israeli visual artist, sculptor, musician, builder of musical instruments and sound machines, and filmmaker.
Background
Uri was born in Tel Aviv, Israel in 1951 and was the only child of German-born parents who moved to Israel before the Holocaust. In their youth, they played music and joined several Rock bands. In 1969, they joined the Israeli Defense Forces and fought in the Yom Kippur War as a medic. During the late 1970s of the 20th century, Uri studied at the San Francisco Art Institute and after receiving their MFA moved to New York City where they lived and worked throughout the 1980s. Their early works, starting from the late 1970s, involved different avant-garde media Exhibits, music, performance, video and sound art. In the mid-1990s of the 20th century, they began creating sculptured Figurines, in addition to objects and sound machines which were all merged and composed as one time-based viewing / listening events.
Career
After returning to Israel, they and Noam HaLevi produced the show "Midas". In 1993 they took part in the rock opera "Samara" by Hillel Mittelpunkt and the band Nikmat HaTraktor. In 1999, they issued a music album, along with Ohad Fishof, entitled "Skin O Daayba", which served as the basis for a musical performance. In 2001, they produced the show "Home" along with Renana Raz and Ohad Fishof. In the early 2000s they began to create video art consisting of surreal events while emphasizing subject matter of personal identity. Among their notable works are Patʹshegen (1993) and "Family of Brothers" (Mishpachat ha-Achim; 2000). Their early performance work was regularly presented at such legendary performance venues as The Kitchen, No-Se-No, 8BC and Danceteria. Their work in sculpture, , video and installation have been exhibited in museums including the Russian State Museum (St. Petersburg), The Chelsea Art Museum (New York City), Kunsthalle Dusseldorf, The Israel Museum, Duke University Museum of Art (North Carolina). Katzenstein participated in the Sao-Paulo Biennale (1991), the Venice Biennale (2001), the Buenos Aires Biennale (first prize, 2002), and the 9th Istanbul Biennale (2005). Their performance work appeared in theatres and galleries in London, Berlin, San Francisco, Cardiff (Wales), Santiago de Compostela (Spain), New York City, and Tel Aviv.
From 2003 until their death Uri Katzenstein lectured in the Department of Fine Arts of the Faculty of Humanities at the University of Haifa.
Death and legacy
Uri Katzenstein died on August 24, 2018, following a stroke.
In September 2018, following their death, an exhibition which they were working on, entitled "The Institute of Ongoing Things" opened at the Jewish Historical Museum in Amsterdam. In January 2019, another art exhibition which they were working on entitled "You Never Know" opened at the ZAZ10TS in Times Square in New York City.
In October 2021, more than three years after their death, an exhibition focusing on the art of Uri Katzenstein entitled "Who Comes After Us?" opened at Holon's Mediatheque and Center for Digital Art.
Awards
Katzenstein has received the following awards:
1982 Creativity Encouragement Award, Israeli Ministry of Education
1989 Work Completion Award, Israeli Ministry of Education
1992 Grant, The America-Israel Cultural Foundation
1998 Grant for Creators in the field of Visual Arts, Israeli Ministry of Education
2000 Isracart Award, Tel Aviv Museum of Art
2001 Biennale Award, Israeli Pavilion, Venice Biennale, Italy
2002 1st prize, Biennale of Art, Buenos Aires, Argentina
2014 Dan Sandler and Sandler Foundation Award for Sculpting, Tel Aviv Museum of Art
2017 Dizengoff Prize
Books
ha-Biʼanaleh ha-benleʼumit ha-21 shel San-Paʼulo 1991, Yiśraʼel (1991). by Nurit Daṿid, Yehoshuʻa Borḳovsḳi, Yiśraʼel Rabinovits, Uri Ḳatzenstein
פתשגן / Patʹshegen (1993). by Uri Katzenstein
Uri Katzenstein : missive : The Israel Museum, Jerusalem, (1993). by Uri Katzenstein
Families (2000). by Uri Katzenstein; Duke University. Evans Family Cultural Residency Program.
Uri Katzenstein : home : Venice Biennale 2001, the Israeli Pavilion (2001). by Uri Katzenstein; Yigal Zalmona; Ishai Adar; Binya Reches
Hope machines (2007). by Uri Katzenstein; Merkaz le-omanut ʻakhshaṿit (Tel Aviv, Israel)
Backyard (2015) by Uri Katzenstein; Tel-Aviv Museum
Gallery
External links
Uri Katzenstein on ArtLab
Uri Katenstein at ZAZ10TS
Uri Katzenstein / BACKYARD exhibit on PINZETA
Uri Katzenstein at the Tel Aviv Museum of Art
Uri Katzenstein on TimeOut
Uri Katzenstein at the Haifa Museum of Art
Prof. Uri Katzenstein lecturer page at the University of Haifa
Uri Katzenstein on Mediations Biennale 2010 (Poland)
References
1951 births
2018 deaths
Israeli sculptors
Israeli educators
Israeli installation artists
Israeli contemporary artists
20th-century Israeli male artists
21st-century Israeli male artists
20th-century Israeli male musicians
21st-century Israeli male musicians
Artists from Tel Aviv
Israeli people of German-Jewish descent
The Epigenesis is the fifth full-length album by the black metal band Melechesh.
Recording
Epigenesis was recorded in Turkey. Ashmedi explained that this decision was a fit with the band's general approach to music:
Ashmedi confirmed that they recorded the vocals naked, which they described as "ritualistic". They further noted that
Half the bass lines had to be played by Ashmedi due to a technical issue.
Track listing
Personnel
Melechesh
Ashmedi – vocals, twelve-string guitar, electric sitar-guitar, bass, sitar, piano, percussion
Moloch – electric & twelve-string acoustic guitars, baglama saz, bendir
Rahm – bass
Xul – drums, percussion
Additional musicians
Derya Baser, Senem Pirler, Fulya Uçanok – choir & chorus vocals
Reuben De Lautour – choir & chorus vocals, piano
Cahit Berkay – Saz, Tanbour
Harun Kolçak – choir & chorus vocals, acoustic bass
Nevcivan Özel – tar
Eser Taskiran – synthesizers
References
2010 albums
Melechesh albums
Nuclear Blast albums
The battlefield of the Tollense valley () is a Bronze Age archaeological site in the northern German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern at the northern edge of the Mecklenburg Lake District. The site, discovered in 1996 and systematically excavated since 2007, extends along the valley of the small Tollense river, to the east of Weltzin village, on the municipal territories of Burow and Werder.
Thousands of bone fragments belonging to many people have been discovered along with further corroborative evidence of battle; current estimates indicate that perhaps 4,000 warriors from Central Europe fought in a battle on the site in the 13th century BC. As the population density was approximately 5 people per square kilometer (13 per square mile), this would have been the most significant battle in Bronze Age Central Europe known so far and makes the Tollense valley currently the largest excavated and archaeologically verifiable battle site of this age in the world.
Discovery and Excavation
In 1996, a voluntary conservationist reported finding a humerus bone at the Tollense riverside at low water with an embedded arrowhead made of flint. Preliminary archaeological excavations began the same year around this site and further human and animal bones were found. During the following years, a club made of ashwood was discovered as well as a hammer-like weapon made of sloe-wood and more bones.
Since 2007, the area has been excavated systematically under the direction of the local State Office for Culture and Conservation, the State Office for Conservation of neighbouring Lower Saxony, and the University of Greifswald. Divers of the local Society for Underwater Archaeology carefully searched the Tollense riverbed and -bank and found more human remains. Since 2009, the MV Ministry of Culture has supported research in the area and on the findings, joined since 2010 by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft. The primary focus lies on exploring the extent of the site and excavating the main site covered by about of peat. As of late 2017, had been excavated, but the entire battlefield is estimated to be at least ten times that size. Volunteers have surveyed the grounds with metal detectors, investigating mainly the dug-out material from the Tollense.
Greifswald's Department of Geography examined the geological make-up of the valley and determined the river's former course, and laser scanning was used to chart the terrain surface. The human remains were analysed at Rostock University.
Site
Situated in the North German plain, north of Berlin, the site stretches for several hundred meters on both sides of the small river. Within the plain, the Tollense meanders in a wide valley between marshy meadows and low hills. During the last millennia, the river's course has been only slightly modified. In the Bronze Age, the landscape of northern Europe was relatively open; human influence was small as the population density at that time is estimated to have been only 3 to 5 people per sq. km. The area was devoid of towns or even small villages; archaeologists believe that the inhabitants lived with their extended families on individual farmsteads. The closest known large settlement to the site of the battle at the time was more than 350 kilometers away. "In 2013, geomagnetic surveys revealed evidence of a long bridge or causeway stretching across the valley. Excavated over two dig seasons, the submerged structure turned out to be made of wooden posts and stone. Radiocarbon dating showed that although much of the structure predated the battle by more than 500 years, parts of it may have been built or restored around the time of the battle, suggesting the causeway might have been in continuous use for centuries—a well-known landmark."
Results
As of late 2017, the remains of some 140 people had been identified. Most of these were young men between the ages of 20 and 40, but there were also at least two women identified among 14 skeletons that were genetically tested. Before March 2016, about 10,000 human and 1,000 animal bones had been found; by March 2018, that number had risen to a total of about 13,000 fragments. The total number of dead is estimated between 750, to more than 1,000. The total number of fighters might have ranged between 3,000 and more than 5,000, assuming a casualty rate of 20-25%. In one spot, 1,478 bones were found within just , potentially the remnants of a pile of corpses or a final pocket of resistance. Radiocarbon dating indicates a timeframe between 1300 and 1200 BC, the Nordic Bronze Age. As no clear traces of healing have been found on any of the wounds, the whole encounter seems to have taken place in not much more than a day. A quarter of skeletons "show signs of healed traumas from earlier fights, including three skulls with healed fractures", so many trained and experienced warriors seem to have taken part.
Initially, alternative explanations were considered, in part because "[b]efore Tollense, direct evidence of large-scale violence in the Bronze Age was scanty, especially in this region". However, the location in a swamp and the lack of any ornaments or pottery made a cemetery unlikely (as local preference at the time was for dry ground). Furthermore, the victims were mostly male and between 20 and 40 years of age, killed by a variety of weapons and wounds; therefore mass human sacrifice seemed unlikely.
Spears, clubs, swords, knives, sickles and arrows were used during the battle. Many of the skulls (of which over 40 were found) show signs of battle wounds, with a bronze arrowhead found in one of them. By late 2017, about 50 bronze arrowheads had been found. Remnants of the arrows' wooden shafts provided a further possibility for dating with more than a third dating to the same time as the bones. Contrasting these arrowheads with others made from flint and with wooden clubs, it has been surmised that two differently-equipped groups confronted each other. No swords have been found so far, but bones show cutting traces typical for this type of weapon. Some combatants rode into battle as evidenced by horse bones (of at least five horses) found on site. The original arrowhead's position in the initially found humerus bone shows that an archer on foot wounded a horseman. Standardized metal weaponry was found intermingled with horse bones. These findings have led archaeologists to conclude that an officer class consisting of bronze-wielding mounted warriors presided over the regular soldiers with simpler weaponry.
The fact that almost no material finds were made between the bones except for single arrowheads, suggests that the corpses were robbed after the battle. Given that most remains are no longer in anatomical connection, the victors probably threw the dead into the river, which carried them downstream. They were then deposited in a calmer part of the river, covered by turf and thereby partially conserved.
In 2010, a golden spiral ring was found on the banks of the Tollense; then in June 2011, a similar one, long and weighing 10 g. The material was identified by X-ray diffraction as tin. These findings are of special importance because of their rarity and because tin was vitally needed for making bronze. In fact, these are the oldest known tin items in Germany. The chronologically the closest similar find is one from Hallstatt (Austria) - 600 years younger.
At first, research on the remains by Aarhus University suggested that the combatants stemmed from two populations. Fighters of one of the groups were thought to have come from a distant region, as they had a diet including millet, which was allegedly not widely known in the North at that time, but this latter claim has been refuted. Palaeogenetic and strontium analyses were used to shed further light on the combatants' geographical origin but revealed no decisive evidence, according to State Archeologist Jantzen. Research on 14 skeletons in 2020 confirmed they all hailed from Central Europe and were genetically similar. None of those individuals were able to digest milk - although this trait (nowadays common in Europe) was hitherto thought to have spread several thousand years earlier.
In 2016, scuba diving archaeologists found what was believed to be the contents of a toolkit belonging to one of the participants at the bottom of the river. A cluster of 31 bronze artifacts was found on the river bed, with the items so close together that it was believed that they had once been in a box or bag which had since rotted away. The contents consisted of a bronze knife with a curved blade, an awl decorated with ladders and rows of triangles, a bronze chisel with wear marks, an assortment of bronze scraps and ingots, and three tubes made of rolled bronze. According to archaeologists, the pieces of scrap bronze would likely have been used as currency in bronze Age Europe in the absence of coins, and their presence suggested that the owner of the toolkit was not native to the area. Various artifacts found in the box suggested that its owner was from South-Central Europe and had traveled hundreds of miles to the battlefield.
It has been speculated that a better-armed group from the South or West wanted to cross the river on their way north- or eastwards on a strategic, long-established causeway. This road might well have been used for long-distance trade in tin and luxury goods (e.g. pearls from the Persian Gulf, found near Halle, or Mediterranean glass pearls found close to nearby Neustrelitz; both from 1200 BC). The battle seems to coincide with a period of heightened militancy 3,250 years ago, as metal became increasingly scarce north of the Alps and populations seem to have moved.
Significance
The overseeing State Archaeologist Detlef Jantzen claims this to be the oldest archaeologically verifiable battlefield in Europe and one of the 50 most important find sites worldwide. They also said: "The Tollense site has a dimension that nobody would have deemed possible for our region." Helle Vandkilde, archeologist at Aarhus University commented "Most people thought ancient society was peaceful, and that Bronze Age males were concerned with trading and so on [...] Very few talked about warfare."
A group of 5,000 combatants implies that they had been gathered, organised, fed, briefed, and led into battle. According to the researchers at the site, this would have been an astounding feat for the time, probably enabled by a central government. This would mean that socio-political development in Central Europe was more advanced and more bellicose than previously assumed, roughly at a time when Egypt and the Hittites concluded their famous peace treaty. "The well-preserved bones and artifacts add detail to this picture of Bronze Age sophistication, pointing to the existence of a trained warrior class and suggesting that people from across Europe joined the bloody fray."
According to archaeologist Kristian Kristiansen, the battle would have taken place during an era of significant upheaval from the Mediterranean to the Baltic. At around this time, the Mycenean civilization of ancient Greece collapsed, while the Sea Peoples who had devastated the Hittites were defeated in ancient Egypt. Not long after the battle at Tollense valley, the individual scattered farmsteads of northern Europe were replaced by concentrated and heavily fortified settlements.
Bibliography
Jantzen et al. 2011. A Bronze Age battlefield? Weapons and trauma in the Tollense Valley, north-eastern Germany. Antiquity. 85(328): 417-433. DOI: 10.1017/S0003598X00067843
Detlef Jantzen, :de:Thomas Terberger: "Gewaltsamer Tod im Tollensetal vor 3200 Jahren" [Violent death in the Tollense Valley 3200 years ago] (2011). In: Archäologie in Deutschland 4, pp. 6–11.
Thomas Brock (2015): Archäologie des Krieges. Die Schlachtfelder der deutschen Geschichte [Archaeology of War. Battlefields of German History]. Darmstadt: Zabern.
Beatrix Schmidt (2017): Blutiges Gold. Macht und Gewalt in der Bronzezeit. Begleitheft zur Sonderausstellung des Landesamtes für Kultur und Denkmalpflege [Bloodstained Gold. Power and Violence in the Bronze Age. Booklet for the Special Exhibition of the State Office for Culture and Conservation]. Schwerin: Landesamt für Kultur und Denkmalpflege Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. --- In German, but contains a large number of photographs and illustrations.
Christian Sell (2017): Addressing challenges of ancient DNA sequence data obtained with next generation methods. PhD Mainz University, Anthropology Institute --- Analyzed 21 skeletal human remains of Tollense battlefield in a thesis re. optimization of results on highly degraded ancient DNA by most recent methods. One of the results: the majority of sampled 21 individuals fall within the variation of contemporary northern central European samples.
External links
Bibliography on this topic in the State of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern's online catalogue.
Andrew Curry (2016): Slaughter at the bridge: Uncovering a colossal Bronze Age battle. Science Magazine.
Neil Bowdler (2011): Early Bronze Age battle site found on German river bank. BBC.
See also
Lusatian Culture
Urnfield culture
Nordic Bronze Age
Late Bronze Age collapse
Prehistoric warfare
References
Bronze Age Germany
2nd-millennium BC conflicts
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
Battles in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania
José Luis Villarreal (born 17 March 1966) is an Argentine association football coach and former player.  They are the new coach of the newborn Miami Beach Club de Fútbol, that will play the United Premier Soccer League.  They are the former head coach of Jacksonville Armada FC of the North American Soccer League.
Villarreal was part of the Argentina squad at the 1992 King Fahd Cup in Saudi Arabia and usually played in midfield. They have played for clubs in Argentina, Mexico, France, and Spain, spending the majority of their time with Buenos Aires club Boca Juniors and hometown Club Atlético Belgrano in Córdoba. Their eye for talent has led them to the scouting and recruiting of some of South America's top football talent, namely fellow Argentine Lionel Messi.
Club career
Born in Córdoba, Córdoba Province, Villarreal began playing football with local side San Lorenzo de Las Flores at age 16. They signed with Club Atlético Belgrano where they would play two seasons before moving to Boca Juniors. They won the 1992 championship in their five-year stint with Boca Juniors. The following year they signed for Boca's arch-rivals River Plate, where they played from 1993 to 1995.
Villarreal played one season in France at Montpellier before moving to Mexican side C.F. Pachuca during the 1997 season. Reoccurring injuries forced Villarreal to return to Argentina where they played for their home side Belgrano in 1998. They played in Argentina for the remainder of their career and after a short stint at Estudiantes they returned once more before retiring with Belgrano in 2004.
International career
Villarreal showcased some brilliant midfield work in eight different international appearances with the Argentine national team, the most successful being an International Championship at the 1992 King Fahd Cup, later to be known as the Confederations Cup. Despite an absence of contributing goals during their international career, Villarreal played an instrumental part in the defeat of Saudi Arabia in the first addition of what would become the Confederations Cup.
Coaching career
In 2012, Villarreal was brought to Chilean club Colo-Colo as part of Omar Labruna coaching staff, serving as the deputy manager and training coach for the club. In June 2014, Jacksonville Armada FC, a team in the North American Soccer League based in Jacksonville, Florida, announced it had hired Villarreal as the team's inaugural head coach. They parted ways with the club in June 2015. In October 2019 they become the first coach of the Miami Beach Club de Futbol, the first and only professional team of the city of Miami Beach
Recruiting
From 2005 to 2007 Villarreal worked as President of the Academy REDH (Rumbo has Excelencia y Deportiva Humana) where they and Venezuelan academy founder Guillermo Ángel Hoyos recruited top South American talent, most notably Lionel Messi. The program offered a comprehensive educational academy that accompanied advanced football training programs enabled the best South American footballers the opportunity to play in the best clubs in Europe and around the world. Along with their colleagues, Villarreal has managed to place many of the most talented students in the best Spanish, French, Greek, and Italian clubs.
Personal life
Villarreal goes by the nickname "Villa" which was chanted during their days playing at La Bombonera with Boca Juniors. They live with their wife Elizabeth, daughter Sofia, son Lucas and dog Milo in Córdoba, Argentina.
References
External links
1966 births
Living people
Association football midfielders
Argentine footballers
Argentine expatriate footballers
Argentina international footballers
1992 King Fahd Cup players
Argentine Primera División players
Liga MX players
Ligue 1 players
Club Atlético Belgrano footballers
Boca Juniors footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Estudiantes de La Plata footballers
All Boys footballers
C.F. Pachuca players
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in France
Footballers from Córdoba, Argentina
Jacksonville Armada FC
North American Soccer League coaches
Jacksonville Armada FC coaches
Argentine football managers
WVIE (107.3 FM) is a radio station in Charlotte Amalie, U.S. Virgin Islands. The station is licensed to Virgin Islands Radio Entertainment Detroit, LLC, which is wholly owned by R.J. Watkins Group.
Ownership
The station, then known as WVGN, was acquired by Caribbean Broadcasting Network (then known as LKK Group; Keith Bass, President) from Calypso Communications in 2002.
While Caribbean Broadcasting Network is a company whose television stations are affiliates of commercial networks, WVGN was operated under a separate arm, Caribbean Community Broadcasting, and solicited and accepted donations from listeners, as would most other NPR members.
Caribbean Broadcasting Network reached a deal to sell WVGN to R.J. Watkins, owner of WHPR-FM and operator of W33BY-D in Detroit, on August 7, 2014; the sale was completed on February 17, 2015, accompanied by a call sign change to WVIE. WVGN's NPR programming continued through March 15, 2015; Watkins replaced this programming with contemporary music and talk shows.
Since November 7, 2015, WVIE's signal was simulcast on W33BY's 3rd subchannel. Until then, it had been a SD simulcast of 33.1, 33.2 and 33.4, however, are still simulcasting W33BY-DT1 in SD.
References
External links
WVIE official website
VIE
Radio stations established in 1991
1991 establishments in the United States Virgin Islands
Paris Saint-Germain Football Club was founded in 1970. Since that time, PSG has competed in numerous nationally and internationally organised competitions, and 491 players have played in at least one match with the club's first team. 146 of these players have graduated from the Paris Saint-Germain Academy.
The list below features all players who have played in 100 or more such matches in official competitions for Paris Saint-Germain. Among them are club greats such as record appearance maker Jean-Marc Pilorget, leading top scorer Edinson Cavani, all-time assist leader Ángel Di María, record-breaking captain Thiago Silva, and African Footballer of the Year winner George Weah.
Other remarkable players include Zlatan Ibrahimović, Safet Sušić, Dominique Bathenay, Bernard Lama, Mustapha Dahleb, Luis Fernandez, Dominique Rocheteau, Raí, Pauleta, David Ginola, Ricardo, Valdo, Jay-Jay Okocha, and Jean-Pierre Dogliani.
Key
General
Appearances and goals are for first-team official games, including those in Ligue 1, Ligue 2, Division 3, Coupe de France, Coupe de la Ligue, Trophée des Champions, UEFA Champions League, UEFA Europa League, UEFA Super Cup, FIFA Club World Cup, and several now-defunct competitions — namely the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and UEFA Intertoto Cup. Substitute appearances are included.
Players are listed according to the total number of games played. If two or more players are tied, their rankings are determined as follows:
Table headers
Player – Nationality, first name and last name.
Position – Role on the field of play.
Paris Saint-Germain – Playing career at the club.
Appearances – Number of games played.
Goals – Number of goals scored.
Assists – Number of assists delivered.
Source – Reference source of the player's information.
Positions and colors
Players
Statistics correct as of match played 21 August 2022. Bold denotes an active player for the club.
300+ appearances
200+ appearances
100+ appearances
References
External links
PSG.FR – Paris Saint-Germain Official Website
Paris Saint-Germain – Ligue 1
Paris Saint-Germain - UEFA.com
Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Association football player non-biographical articles
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
Grace Sylvia Ingrid Annemarie Tanamal (born January 10, 1957 in The Hague) is a Dutch politician. As a member of the Labour Party (Partij van de Arbeid) they were an MP between November 8, 2012 and March 23, 2017. They were a member of the municipal council of Amersfoort between 2002 and 2012.
References
1957 births
Living people
Dutch people of Indonesian descent
Dutch people of Moluccan descent
Labour Party (Netherlands) politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Netherlands)
Municipal councillors of Amersfoort
Politicians from The Hague
21st-century Dutch politicians
21st-century Dutch women politicians
"Mothers and Other Strangers" is the ninth episode of the thirty-third season of the American animated television series The Simpsons, and the 715th episode overall. It aired in the United States on Fox on November 28, 2021. The episode was directed by Rob Oliver and written by Al Jean. This episode is a retcon of the events of Homer's mother Mona Simpson since "Mother Simpson", in which Homer reunites with Mona after believing they died when they were a child. Here, Homer has flashbacks to discovering their mother's whereabouts in Utah as a teenager and never fully reuniting with them as an adult.
Plot
Bart is browsing scenes on TV, when they stumble upon Muttflix, piquing Santa's Little Helper's interest. This causes Santa's Little Helper to invite their mother, They Biscuit, over since it is Mother's Day. Bart and Lisa gift Marge mugs they made from school, gifting them the same gift they gave them previously, while Maggie gives them a baby's kiss, while teasing them for their lame gifts. They also notice that Homer is sad over hearing it is Mother's Day. After gifting Marge a framed picture of the kids, they continue crying remembering their late mother, Mona.
Lisa suggests Homer try online therapy. Annette the therapist brings them back thirty years ago to the day that Grampa got notes from Mona that they were wanted by the FBI and was leaving them. To avoid having to explain it, Grampa told then 9-year old Homer they were dead. At 16, Homer received a post card from Utah from Mona, which was secretly being monitored by the FBI. Homer confronted their father about the truth, and they and Grampa then traveled to Utah to track Mona down while being followed by the FBI. They spotted Mona at a gas station, but as they ran out to meet them, they were spotted by the FBI, who pursued the three into a canyon. When Grampa got stuck in a small gap, Homer had to choose between their mother and their father and went back towards Grampa. Mona managed to escape in the van of a hippie and left for San Francisco.
Back in the present, Grampa and Homer tell the therapist that they never found Mona again. After finishing the therapy session, Homer reveals to the family that Mona secretly visited them and Grampa in the hospital when Bart was born, checking on their new born grandson by posing as a doctor. Having achieved some closure from Mona's death, Homer takes the family out to eat.
During the credits, Homer is sleeping with a bottle of maple syrup and dreams of dancing in a circle with their family and ancestors in an homage to 8½.
Reception
Tony Sokol of Den of Geek gave the episode a 4 out of 5 stars stating, "'Mothers and Other Strangers' plays a bit with the known story of Homer and their mother Mona, and the conclusion is a little forced because of it. The possible dream ending isn't as satisfying as it wants to feel, but does provide a great punchline. Every threat of an overbearingly heart-tugging moment is adeptly swept into comic territory with the ease of a moon from a newborn child. Closure is no longer considered a valid psychological concept, so we can be sure to revisit this scenario again. Homer's psyche is equally wonderful as a playground and a minefield."
Marcus Gibson of Bubbleblabber gave the episode a 7.5 out of 10 stating, "Overall, 'Mothers and Other Strangers' is another enjoyable episode that further explores Homer's history with their mother. Its humorous jokes work well alongside its heartfelt moments despite its pacing, and Glenn Close's performance was once again heavenly to the ears. It's a very late Mother's Day present for us Simpsons fans, but hey, better late than never."
In its original broadcast, the episode was watched by 3.61 million viewers and was the highest-rated show on Animation Domination that night.
References
External links
2021 American television episodes
The Simpsons (season 33) episodes
Television episodes set in Utah
The 1994 Asian Basketball Confederation Championship for Women, was the 15th regional championship held by Asian Basketball Confederation. The competition was hosted by Sendai, Japan and took place between April 25 to May 1, 1994. The championship is divided into two levels: Level I and Level II. The last finisher of Level I is relegated to Level II and the top finisher of Level II qualify for Level I 1995's championship.
The tournament originally was scheduled to be held in Taiwan in November 1993 but Taiwan withdrew as host.
Preliminary round
Level I
Level II
Final round
3rd place
Final
Final standing
Awards
References
Results
archive.fiba.com
1994
1994 in women's basketball
women
B
B
A. Ahmed may refer to:
A. Ahmed
Ahmed Ghailani (born 1974), conspirator of the al-Qaeda terrorist organization
Abdel Rahman Sobhy, Egyptian gymnast
Abdul Rahman Ahmed, Bahraini footballer
Ahmed A.
Ahmed Ahmed (born 1970), Egyptian-born American actor
Ahmed Adel Ibrahim, Egyptian gymnast
Ahmed Aldayani, Qatari gymnast
Ahmed Asmat Abdel-Meguid (1923–2013), Egyptian diplomat
Ahmed Al-Kudmani (born 1979), Saudi Arabian swimmer
Ahmed Adnan Saygun (1907–1991), Turkish composer
Ahmed Abou Hashima, CEO of Egyptian steel
Ahmed Abukhater, architect
Ahmed Al-Arbeed Kuwaiti fencer
Ahmed Abdi Godane (1977–2014), Emir (leader) of Al-Shabaab
Ahmed Al-Fahad Al-Ahmed Al-Sabah (born 1963), Kuwaiti politician
Ahmed Awad Ibn Auf, Sudanese general and politician
P&H Mining Equipment designs, builds and supports a line of drilling and material handling machinery marketed under the "P&H" trademark and applied to minerals and energy surface mining operations worldwide. The firm is an operating subsidiary of Joy Global Inc. In 2017 Joy Global Inc. was acquired by Komatsu Limited of Tokyo, Japan and is now known as Komatsu Mining Corporation and operate as a subsidiary of Komatsu.
Parent Company Overview
Joy Global Inc. (JGI) is a mining machinery and service support company based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin USA. It consists of two operating units – P&H Mining Equipment and Joy Mining Machinery. P&H Mining Equipment specializes in the design, manufacture and support of equipment applied to surface mines. Joy Mining Machinery specializes in equipment and support applied to underground mine operations.
P&H Mining Equipment History
and Henry Harnischfeger started the manufacturing business that would evolve into P&H Mining Equipment in 1884 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin USA.
Pawling was a castings pattern maker. Harnischfeger was a locksmith machinist with some engineering training. Both individuals served within the Whitehill Sewing Machine Company factory in Milwaukee starting in 1881. Concerned that Whitehill business operations were drifting toward failure, Pawling exited the firm to start a small gear machining and pattern making shop in 1883. Needing more gear machining expertise and capital, Pawling persuaded Harnischfeger to join their firm as an equal partner. Their Pawling & Harnischfeger Machine and Pattern Shop officially began on December 1, 1884.
Components and Assemblies Suppliers
Pawling and Harnischfeger initially supplied industrial machinery components and assembly service support to large manufacturing operations in Milwaukee. Their customers included industrial knitting machine manufacturers, brick makers, grain drying equipment manufacturers and beer brewers.
When an overloaded overhead bridge-type crane collapsed within the foundry operations of a nearby heavy equipment manufacturer known as the Edward P. Allis Manufacturing Company, Pawling and Harnischfeger rebuilt the crane with an improved and simplified design.
Pawling & Harnischfeger soon transformed their business into an industrial cranes manufacturing and service operation. A bank panic in 1893 caused demand for cranes to plummet however, prompting P&H to look for another product line that might help them reduce business risk amid economic downturns. They turned their attention to earth moving machinery, as America was in the midst of an infrastructure and construction boom that required large volumes of such equipment.
Earth Moving Machinery Era Begins
By 1920 the P&H digging machinery product line included P&H Model 206 and Model 300 machines that the firm produced in batches of five or more. By 1926, P&H digging machinery was effectively in distribution around the world including Mumbai, India.
Products Evolve
Over the ensuing decades, P&H earth moving machines evolved into larger, more powerful and more productive prime movers of material. By 1930, welding technology made possible the fabrication of lighter, stronger machinery versus traditional riveted-design machinery. P&H not only was an early adapter to welded design, but the firm also designed and manufactured its own line of electric arc welding machinery and welding rod products.
Another technology advance applied to P&H digging machines during the 1930s was the Ward-Leonard DC electric motor drive system. Pawling & Harnischfeger began designing and making their own electric motors and controls starting in 1893 when they acquired assets of the Gibb Electric Company that were not needed when Gibb was purchased by Westinghouse Electric Manufacturing Company.
P&H shovels and draglines were originally available with prime-mover options including a Waukesha gasoline engine, a Buda diesel engine, or a P&H electric motor. By the 1930s, diesel engines and P&H electric motors became the dominant prime mover options on P&H digging machines. By the end of the 1960s, virtually all P&H excavating machines would be equipped with P&H electric motors.
P&H excavators that started out in the 1920s with dipper and bucket payloads of about 500 pounds / 226 kilograms and dipper and bucket capacities of 0.5 cubic yard / 0.382 cubic meter would evolve into massive and powerful electric mining shovels with maximum dipper payloads of 120 tons / 109 tonnes and maximum capacities of 82 cubic yards / 62.7 cubic meters.
Machine working weights would see similar dramatic changes. P&H Model 206 excavators originally had working weights of about 25 tons / 22.7 tonnes. P&H 4100XPC electric shovels today have working weights of about 1,645 tons / 1492 tonnes.
P&H Product Line
P&H Mining Equipment designs and builds four lines of equipment for surface mining operations. They include electric mining shovels, blast hole production drills, walking draglines, and in-pit crushing-conveying systems.
P&H Electric Mining Shovels
P&H Electric Mining Shovels are applied to loading haul trucks and in-pit crusher-conveyor systems in surface mine operations. They range in payload from 21 tons / 19.1 tonnes for the smallest model, the P&H 1900AL, to 120 tons / 108.9 tonnes for the model P&H 4100XPC. From March 2018 the new superior model: P&H Komatsu 4800XPC. The productions are 20% increased and this machinery has a lower cost per ton by up to 10% compared to other rope shovels: nominal payload 122,5 tonnes; optimum truck size: 360mt. - 400st; operator eye level 33ft. 1 in (10.1 mt.)
P&H Drilling Rigs
P&H Drilling Rigs are applied to boring grids of tubular explosives containers in hard-rock formations within mine operations. They apply three kinds of force to the task of advancing a tri-cone drill a bit into rock. Bit-loading force up to combines with up to of torque and large volumes of compressed air flowing at nearly per minute create the tubes or "blast holes." The holes are loaded with explosives and then detonated. The blast produces a powerful shock wave that fragments the rock, making it easier to load, haul, crush and distill for its mineral contents.
P&H Walking Draglines
P&H Walking Draglines move large volumes of earthen overburden capping coal seams, and also overburden and phosphates. They wield a large-volume bucket that is cast out toward the material that needs to be relocated using a football field-length boom and powerful swing motors and transmissions. The bucket lands atop the material and its teeth quickly bite into the material. Powerful drag force is applied to fill the bucket, followed by powerful hoist and swing forces applied to dump the material away from the excavation site to. P&H dragline bucket capacities range from .
P&H In-pit Crushing-Conveying Systems
P&H In-pit Crushing-Conveying Systems are the newest addition to the P&H Mining Equipment product line. Introduced in 2008, IPCCs take earthen material excavated and deposited into a large holding hopper by a P&H electric shovel, and then crush the material to an easy-to-convey size for transfer elsewhere in the mine. Soaring and volatile mine material handling costs associated with older mine operations utilizing longer and deeper truck haulage routes experienced during an inflationary period between 2004 and 2008 led to efforts by some mining equipment suppliers to develop alternative IPCC systems.
Product distribution and support – MinePro
P&H Mining Equipment operates a global network of P&H MinePro services support teams in key mining regions, formally established in 1996.
MinePro operations are located in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America close to major concentrations of mining operations that produce energy and minerals for the global economy. P&H equipment and MinePro support are primarily directed to copper, coal, iron ore, oil sand, gold, diamonds and phosphate mining operations in order of product and service demand.
MinePro service support includes new machine assembly, maintenance and repairs, systems upgrades, machine relocations, motors and transmissions rebuilds and repairs, structures weldments and repairs, and training for machine operators and maintenance personnel.
MinePro teams consist of mechanics, electricians, welders, machinists, assemblers and logistics warehouse managers, most of them native to the city or region in which they serve.
MinePro is a primary sales channel for surface mining equipment. However, it is capable of servicing underground mining equipment, and offers service support to the construction industry as well.
About
MinePro works with surface mining operations to ensure maximum productivity of equipment designed and built by P&H Mining Equipment including electric mining shovels, blast hole production drills, walking draglines, and supply parts and services for that equipment. It provides support for non-P&H equipment in some regions as well, including Hitachi trucks and excavators, Liebherr trucks, LeTourneau wheel loaders, CQMS dragline buckets and “GETs” or ground-engaging tools (e.g. crawler track shoes, bucket and dipper armor), Stamler feeder breakers and Continental Conveyor Products idler rolls and conveyor systems among others.
MinePro continues the after-market service support function that began with the founding of P&H Mining Equipment by industrial artisans Alonzo Pawling and Henry Harnischfeger in 1884. As designers and builders of industrial equipment, Pawling and Harnischfeger were well positioned to provide installation, preventive maintenance, repairs, rebuilds and upgrades for the industrial operations including construction and mining firms that invested in their products.
The rugged, reliable and productive quality of their products combined with the expertise available from Pawling and Harnischfeger were key factors in the ability of their manufacturing enterprise to endure economic recessions and continue growing into a modern, global business referred to by their customers simply as “P&H” by the start of the 1900s. P&H Mining Equipment formalized the name of its service support business in 1996 by renaming it “P&H MinePro Services”.
Beloit Corporation takeover
P&H took over The Beloit Corporation in 1986. Beloit Corporation was a large, worldwide paper machine manufacturing corporation based in Beloit, Wisconsin. The Beloit Corporation had started nearly 150 year prior as BIW "Beloit Iron Works" corporation and sat on the original grounds of Beloit Iron Works. By the year 2000 (and mostly in the years before), Harnischfeger had extended Beloit Corporation's operations in the Greater Pacific including (Indonesia, Thailand, etc.) to a point of bankruptcy. Beloit Iron Works antiquity and signage remain as a homage to the city and the company.
Range of services
Replacement parts and assemblies for P&H and some non-P&H mining machinery including shovels, drills and draglines
Mining equipment mechanical and electrical system upgrades and modernizations
Mining equipment installations, rebuilds and relocations
Preventive maintenance, emergency repairs and mechanical and electrical systems audit services
Used equipment trade, purchases, relocations, upgrades
External links
P&H MinePro Services: P&H MinePro Services web site
References
P&H MinePro Website About Page
Joy Global Inc. 2009 annual report, Form 10-K addendum required by US Securities and Exchange Commission for all publicly traded firms based in the US
Manufacturing companies based in Milwaukee
Mining equipment companies
Edward Long Fox (1832 – 28 March 1902) was an English physician.
Fox was the eldest son of Dr. Francis Ker Fox and the grandson of Edward Long Fox (1761–1835) another prominent physician. They graduated from Balliol College, Oxford, where they started a long-term friendship with Henry Acland. In 1854 they moved to London, where they studied and worked at the College of Chemistry and St. George's Hospital, graduating as M.B. in 1857 and M.D. in 1861. They then returned to Bristol, where for 20 years they were a physician to the Royal Infirmary. In parallel, they taught medicine and pathological anatomy at the Bristol medical school and Clifton College. They were also examiner in medicine at the Oxford University and wrote several articles for the Quain's Dictionary of Medicine. In 1894 they were elected as president of the National Temperance League.
Fox died in Bristol in 1902 due to a long illness. They were survived by one son and several daughters. The annual Long Fox lecture at University College, Bristol, was established in their honour.
References
External links
Edward Long Fox (1832–1902) by Hugh Goldwin Riviere. bbc.co.uk
19th-century English medical doctors
1832 births
1902 deaths
Medical doctors from Bristol
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Fellows of the Royal College of Physicians
English temperance activists
Jan Goedhart (28 June 1893 – 16 September 1975) was a Dutch painter. Their work was part of the art competitions at the 1936 Summer Olympics and the 1948 Summer Olympics. Goedhart's work was included in the 1939 exhibition and sale Onze Kunst van Heden (Our Art of Today) at the Rijksmuseum in Amsterdam.
References
1893 births
1975 deaths
20th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
20th-century Dutch male artists
Dutch people of the Dutch East Indies
TRAI (Telecom Regulatory Authority of India) is a statutory body set up by the Government of India.
TRAI or Trai may also refer to:
People
Trai is a masculine given name which has its root in Middle English. Notable people with the name include:
Trai Byers (born 1983), American actor
Trai Essex (born 1982), American footballer
Trai Turner (born 1993), American footballer
Other uses
Trai Thien Air Cargo, Vietnamese cargo airline
See also
Mihail Kogălniceanu () is a commune in Tulcea County, Northern Dobruja, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Lăstuni (formerly Hagilar), Mihail Kogălniceanu (formerly Enichioi) and Rândunica (formerly Kongaz or Congaz).
At the 2011 census, the population was 98.4% Romanian and 1.1% Roma. At the 1930 census, the ethnic composition was as follows. Congaz was 93.9% Bulgarian and 4.5% Romanian; Hagilar was 96.2% Bulgarian and 3.2% Romanian; Mihail Kogălniceanu was 67.8% Bulgarian and 31.2% Romanian.
The ethnic Bulgarian population was resettled to Bulgaria during the population exchange following the Treaty of Craiova. As a result of this population exchange, the commune gained a large Aromanian community that still exists today.
References
Notes
Sources
Communes in Tulcea County
Localities in Northern Dobruja
Aromanian settlements in Romania
Lyginskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 19 as of 2002.
Geography
Lyginskaya is located 22 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Verkhnepauninskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Deena Weinstein (born March 15, 1943) is a professor of sociology at DePaul University whose research focuses on popular culture.  They are particularly well known for their research on heavy metal culture, on which subject they wrote a ground-breaking book, Heavy Metal: A Cultural Sociology (1991), later published in a revised and updated version as Heavy Metal: The Music and Its Culture (2009).
Career
Weinstein holds a PhD from Purdue University. Them 1991 book Heavy Metal: A Cultural Sociology "describes the heavy metal music culture, explains why it has prompted demands for censorship, and argues that the music deserves tolerance and respect." They argue that heavy metal has outlasted many other rock genres largely due to the emergence of an intense, exclusionary, strongly masculine subculture. A review of the book calls it: A reasonable summary of most academic study so far, which indulges heavy metal as an extreme offshoot of rock in which rebellion is the prime goal and the fundamental ceremony is the live concert. These failings aside, there is very perceptive research here on the origins of heavy metal and the personalities within its culture. The latter is most informative of all aspects in this book and is Weinstein's strength as a writer.The Chicago Sun-Times called the book the definitive study of heavy metal culture, saying that it "does for metal what Greil Marcus's Lipstick Traces did for the Sex Pistols."
Weinstein was interviewed in the 2005 documentary Metal: A Headbanger's Journey and the later Metal Evolution.
References
American sociologists
American women sociologists
Purdue University alumni
DePaul University faculty
1943 births
Living people
21st-century American women
Streptocyclammina is a genus of benthic forams with a flattened test from the Jurassic. The test (or shell) usually starts off streptospiral (coiled irregularly) hence the name, and becomes planispiral in the mature stage. Chambers are numerous per whorl, whorls become rapidly larger in peneropline fashion (as common in Pereroplis). Sutures between whorls are slightly indented, the periphery rounded. The wall is finely agglutinated, externally imperorate, internally with massive septa perforated by numerous apertures.
Streptocyclammina has been found in Jurassic sediments in Morocco, Italy, and the Balkans. Spiraloconulus and Timidonella are other spirocyclinids from the same general region, but are limited to the middle Jurassic.
References
Streptocyclammina in GSI Paleontology
Loftusiida
Prehistoric Foraminifera genera
Jurassic life
Bruce Mahler (born September 12, 1950) is an American actor, producer, and writer.  They are known for their role as Sgt. Fackler in the comedy films Police Academy, and as Rabbi Glickman on the sitcom Seinfeld.
Biography
Mahler was born on September 12, 1950 in Manhattan, New York City.
In 1977, they appeared on two episodes of the TV series Fernwood 2 Night. In 1980, they appeared on Fridays, an early 1980s ABC sketch show modeled after NBC's Saturday Night Live, where most of their appearances showcased their musical talent and radio DJ-style voice, most notably in the recurring sketches "The Latin DJ" and the one-off sketches "KPLO" (about Palestine Liberation Organization terrorists hosting a radio show in their bunker) and "A Classical Get-Down" (about a classical pianist who hosts their radio show like a Top 40 station).
Two years after Fridays was cancelled, Mahler portrayed Sgt. Douglas Fackler in the 1984 film Police Academy. Their other film work has included 1984's Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter, the 1985 sequel Police Academy 2: Their First Assignment, the American sitcom Diff'rent Strokes, 1986's Police Academy 3: Back in Training, 1987's Funland, and the 1989 sequel Police Academy 6: City Under Siege.
In the 1990s, Mahler appeared on the television series The Famous Teddy Z and had a recurring role on Seinfeld. They had minor roles in the movies Hook, Dick Tracy and Loaded Weapon 1. From 1995 to 1998, they starred as a rabbi whom Elaine befriends in the Seinfeld episodes "The Postponement", "The Hot Tub" (scene deleted), "The Serenity Now" and "The Finale".
Filmography
References
External links
1950 births
American male film actors
Film producers from New York (state)
American male television actors
American television writers
American male television writers
Living people
Male actors from New York City
American sketch comedians
Comedians from New York City
20th-century American comedians
21st-century American comedians
Screenwriters from New York (state)
The Étang d'Urbino (or Étang d'Urbinu) is a coastal lagoon beside the Tyrrhenian Sea in the Haute-Corse department on the French island of Corsica.
Location
The Étang d'Urbino is in the commune of Ghisonaccia between the T10 coastal highway and the sea, to the northeast of the village of Ghisonaccia.
The northeast shore is in the commune of Aléria.
It is the second largest lagoon in Corsica with an area of .
Physical
The lagoon was formed by tectonic activity.
It is part of a string of lagoons on the section of the east coast of Corsica between the Fiumorbu and Travo rivers.
It is roughly circular, divided into two parts by the Isola Longa, a large peninsula extending from the west shore.
There is an island in the southwest of the lagoon.
The northeast and east shores are flat and sandy, while the peninsula, island and northwest shores have small cliffs.
The cliffs fall straight into the sea on the north coast of the peninsula, but elsewhere are bordered by narrow sandy beaches.
The bottom of the lagoon consists of mud, sand, terrigenous sediments and shell sediments.
The greatest depth is .
A lido (sandbar) separates the lagoon from the sea, populated by a coastal forest of junipers and a dune forest with maritime pine.
The salinity of the lagoon does not vary much, allowing greater diversity of species than in other lagoons in the area.
A channel links the lagoon to the sea.
This was originally located in the south of the sandbar, but in the 1970s was artificially developed to the north to let larger quantities of seawater in and thus ensure better oxygenation of the water to improve the ecological quality.
Maintenance of the channel, provided by the Collectivité de Corse, is critical in maintaining the health of the lagoon.
Human activities
The lagoon is well preserved, with very little urbanization.
It has long been used for traditional fishing and for oyster farming, although the shellfish farming was suspended in 2016 due to infection with ostreid herpesvirus 1.
It is not used for recreational boating, but visitors fish or swim from the beach, and drive all-terrain vehicles on the dunes despite the extreme damage they cause to the environment.
There is a busy restaurant on the south of the peninsula.
The watershed has some agriculture with cultivation of grapes, citrus and olives, and extensive livestock farming.
Most urbanization is along the National 197 road.
The lagoon is used as a water source for aerial firefighting when there is a forest fire in the region.
Ecology
In 2004 the Étang d'Urbino became a Natura 2000 site managed by the Collectivity of Corsica.
It became the property of the Conservatoire du littoral in 2007.
In 2009 it was designated a Ramsar site.
Juniperus macrocarpa, Juniperus phoenicea and Pinus pinaster grow on the coastal dunes.
The Coastal Mallow (Kosteletzkya pentacarpos), a protected, vulnerable and rare plant species is present at the site.
The bottom of the lagoon supports dense meadows of aquatic phanerogams, dominated by Cymodocea nodosa.
At the mouths of the streams there are freshwater reed beds.
Salt marshes and salt-tolerant canes and tamarix are valued by the birds.
The lagoon is rich in fish including protected species such as Mediterranean killifish (Aphanius fasciatus) and eel.
The lagoon is used as a resting point for many birds migrating to the south, and is home to many birds during the resproduction and breeding season.
113 species of bird have been reported.
37 species breed around the lagoon including red-crested pochard (Netta rufina) and common shelduck (Tadorna tadorna), which are no longer common elsewhere in Corsica.
The freshwater entering to the north of the peninsula is regularly frequented by birds such as mallard, shoveler, Eurasian teal and coot.
The small marches and mudflats are all colonized by shorebirds and waders.
The most common species are great cormorant (Phalacrocorax carbo), Eurasian coot (Fulica atra) and great crested grebe (Podiceps cristatus).
Recently there has been an increase in numbers of flamingo (Phoenicopterus roseus) and great egret (Ardea alba).
Colonial shorebirds such as terns and gulls are finding fewer and fewer places to nest as the Mediterranean shoreline is built up.
In March 2016 a nesting raft, the largest in Europe, was set up on the lagoon as part of the "Mediterranean Community Life + Envoll" program.
It is designed to be suitable for nesting by protected heritage species that have poor reproduction rates.
Common terns and black-headed gulls have used the raft and a healthy number of fledgling chicks have been observed.
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lagoons of Haute-Corse
Daniel Antosch (born 7 March 2000) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cypriot First Division club Pafos.
References
2000 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
FC Liefering players
Pafos FC players
2. Liga (Austria) players
Austrian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Austrian expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Mstislavsky Uyezd (Мстиславский уезд) was one of the subdivisions of the Mogilev Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the northeastern part of the governorate. Its administrative centre was Mstsislaw.
Demographics
At the time of the Russian Empire Census of 1897, Mstislavsky Uyezd had a population of 103,300. Of these, 81.5% spoke Belarusian, 16.1% Yiddish, 1.4% Russian and 0.9% Polish as their native language.
References
Uezds of Mogilev Governorate
Mogilev Governorate
The Wiener–Araya graph is, in graph theory, a graph on 42 vertices
with 67 edges. It is hypohamiltonian, which means that
it does not itself have a Hamiltonian cycle but every graph formed by
removing a single vertex from it is Hamiltonian. It is also planar.
History
Hypohamiltonian graphs were first studied by Sousselier in Problèmes plaisants
et délectables (1963).
In 1967, Lindgren built an infinite sequence of hypohamiltonian graphs.
They first cited Gaudin, Herz and Rossi, then Busacker and Saaty
as pioneers on this topic.
From the start, the smallest hypohamiltonian graph is known: the Petersen graph. However, the hunt for the smallest planar hypohamiltonian graph continues. This question was first raised by Václav Chvátal in 1973.
The first candidate answer was provided in 1976 by Carsten Thomassen, who exhibited a 105-vertices construction, the 105-Thomassen graph.
In 1979, Hatzel improved this result with a planar hypohamiltonian graph on 57 vertices : the Hatzel graph.
This bound was lowered in 2007 by the 48-Zamfirescu graph.
In 2009, a graph built by Gábor Wiener and Makoto Araya became (with its 42 vertices) the smallest planar hypohamiltonian graph known.
In their paper, Wiener and Araya conjectured that their graph's is optimal arguing that its order (42) appears to be the
answer to The Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything
from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, a Douglas Adams novel.
References
External links
Individual graphs
Planar graphs
Boğatepe (former Zavot or Büyük Zavot) is a village in Turkey.
It is in the central district of Kars Province at . Its altitude is . Its distance to Kars is about . The population of the village was 218 as of 2014.
During the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), the village was annexed by the Russian Empire. Russians settled Molokans in the village which was then named Zavot ("Dairy" in Russian Language). After the First World War the village was returned to Turkey. While some of the Molokans migrated to Soviet Union, Karapapak Turks from Georgia settled in the village. Molokans were cheese producers and the newcomers also began producing cheese. Now the village is known as a cheese producing village.
See also
Boğatepe Cheese Museum
References
Villages in Kars Province
Kars Central District
Courage () is a 2011 Polish action film directed by Greg Zglinski.
The film was shot in Łódź from July to August 26, 2010.
Plot
Alfred and Jerzy take part in a brutal incident: during a train ride, a couple of hooligans harass a young woman. Jerzy stands in their defense. Alfred hesitates and becomes a helpless bystander as their younger brother is thrown off the moving train. 'Courage' is about people whose lives get disturbed by a violent act, which forces them to reveal who they really are.
Cast
Robert Więckiewicz as Alfred Firlej
Łukasz Simlat as Jerzy Firlej
Gabriela Muskała as Viola Firlej
Marian Dziędziel as Stefan Firlej
as Anna Firlej
References
External links
2011 action films
2011 films
Polish action films
SONICblue Incorporated (NASDAQ:SBLU) was a public company based in Santa Clara, California. The firm was a manufacturer of home audio/video equipment with an estimated revenue of $100M - $250M and approximately 700 employees.
SONICblue first filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy in March 2003.
SONICblue again filed for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Protection amid controversy regarding conflict of interest and criminal disclosure violations involving fraud upon the court by its lawfirm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman.
References
Companies based in Santa Clara, California
Radical 55 or radical two hands () meaning "two hands" or "arch" is one of the 31 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals in total) composed of three strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary, there are 50 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
is also the 32nd indexing component in the Table of Indexing Chinese Character Components predominantly adopted by Simplified Chinese dictionaries published in mainland China.
Evolution
Derived characters
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+5EFE
055
032
The Royal Malaysia Police Museum () is a museum that showcases the history of the Royal Malaysia Police, located in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The museum includes exhibits from the history of the Royal Malaysia Police since its origins under British colonial rule until the 1970s. It is open daily, except Monday, from 1000 to 1800 hours, and admission is free.
Construction history
The original wooden Royal Malaysia Police Museum was built in 1958 under the supervision of Police Training Centre (PULAPOL) Superintendent P.B. Gerry Waller. Its early collections exhibited the instructional materials from the Police Training Centre. The Royal Malaysian Police Museum was later inaugurated on 9 January 1961 by Their Majesty the 3rd Yang di-Pertuan Agong Tuanku Syed Putra.
To accommodate the growing number of artifacts, Inspector-General of Police Tan Sri Mohammed Hanif Omar first proposed moving the museum to a new location in Kuala Lumpur on 16 October 1983. Construction on the site began on 18 February 1993 and was finished after four years, at a cost of 4.9 million ringgit for construction and 2.9 million ringgit for interior design. Deputy Prime Minister at that time Dato' Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi unveiled the grand opening of the new museum site in July 1998.
Exhibits
The Royal Malaysia Police Museum is divided into three lettered galleries.
Gallery A
The gallery explains how policing used to be carried out during the days of the early Malays Sultanate, for example where Temenggung performed the role of police chief and prison superintendent among their many others responsibilities.
Walking through replicas of old Malacca streets you learned about policing during the Portuguese and Dutch colonial eras before arriving at the British era where today's RMP has its origin.
Gallery B
This gallery provides details on how the police during Malaya's and the Straits Settlement (Penang, Malacca, Singapore), Federated Malay States (Selangor, Perak, Pahang, Negeri Sembilan), Unfederated Malay States (Kedah, Perlis, Kelantan, Terengganu) Sabah and Sarawak.
Gallery C
This gallery covers the Malayan emergency and describes the sacrifices and the struggle against the CT's and the success of the police's Special branch in particular in helping to defeat that determined enemy.
Transportation
The museum is accessible within walking distance west of Kuala Lumpur railway station.
See also
List of museums in Malaysia
Literature
Location
Royal Malaysian Police Museum,5 Jalan Perdana, 50480 Kuala Lumpur
References
External links
Museums in Malaysia | Royal Malaysian Police Museum
1998 establishments in Malaysia
Law enforcement museums in Asia
Museums in Kuala Lumpur
Royal Malaysia Police
spodchmurykapelusza ("From Under the Cloud of a Hat") is the final studio album by Czesław Niemen released in 2001.
Track listing
"Spokojnym krokiem" - 3:41
"Trąbodzwonnik" - 3:11
"Nie wyszeptuj" - 3:10
"Śmiech Megalozaura" - 5:25
"Jagody szaleju" - 3:50
"Pojutrze szary pył" - 3:21
"Sonancja" - 4:13
"Manhattan '93" - 3:32
"Co po nas" - 3:36
"Doloniedola" - 4:04
"Antropocosmicus" - 4:41
"Spodchmurykapelusza" - 4:01
All music and lyrics by Czesław Niemen.
Personnel
Czesław Niemen - vocal, electronic instruments
Czesław Niemen albums
2001 albums
Electronic albums by Polish artists
Terry Robert Nealey (born January 30, 1947) is an American politician of the Republican Party.  They are a former member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 16th district from 2009 to 2019. They were initially elected in a special election in November 2009.
In March 2018, Nealey announced they would not seek re-election in 2018 and would retire from the legislature.
Awards
2014 Guardians of Small Business award. Presented by NFIB.
Personal life
Nealey's wife is Janice Nealey. They have two children. Nealey and their family live in Dayton, Washington.
References
1947 births
Living people
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
Washington (state) Republicans
21st-century American politicians
German submarine U-20 was a Type IIB U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine. Them keel was laid down on 1 August 1935, by Germaniawerft of Kiel as yard number 550. They were commissioned on 1 February 1936. During World War II, they conducted operations against enemy shipping.
U-20 went on 16 war patrols, sinking 13 ships totalling and 9 tons , damaging one more of .
Design
German Type IIB submarines were enlarged versions of the original Type IIs. U-20 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. Officially, the standard tonnage was , however. The U-boat had a total length of , a pressure hull length of , a beam of , a height of , and a draught of . The submarine was powered by two MWM RS 127 S four-stroke, six-cylinder diesel engines of for cruising, two Siemens-Schuckert PG VV 322/36 double-acting electric motors producing a total of for use while submerged. They had two shafts and two propellers. The boat was capable of operating at depths of up to .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a maximum submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate for at ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-20 was fitted with three torpedo tubes at the bow, five torpedoes or up to twelve Type A torpedo mines, and a anti-aircraft gun. The boat had a complement of twentyfive.
Operational history
First, second and third patrols
U-20s first three patrols involved observation (in August 1939) and the laying of mines in the North Sea and off the British east coast. They would start in Kiel and finish in Wilhelmshaven; then reverse the process.
Fourth and fifth patrols
They sank Magnus about east northeast of Peterhead in Scotland. The ship went down in 90 seconds; there was only one survivor. They also sank Ionian and Willowpool in November and December respectively, with mines laid in November.
The boat sank Sylvia northeast of Aberdeen on their fifth sortie on 13 October 1940.
Sixth to eighth patrols
U-20 sank a steady number of ships on their sixth and seventh patrols, (her eighth foray was relatively quiet), but a series of changes were on the way.
They were transferred to the U-Ausbildungsflottille as a school boat on 1 May 1940, then the Black Sea, avoiding the heavy British presence at Gibraltar and throughout the Mediterranean by being transported in sections along the Danube to the Romanian port of Galați. They were then re-assembled by the Romanians at the Galați shipyard and sent to their new home in the Black Sea so they could serve with the 30th U-boat Flotilla.
Ninth and tenth patrols
The boat's first patrol in the new environment, but their ninth overall, almost ended in disaster when they tried to torpedo a Soviet submarine chaser; the vessel responded by dropping eight depth charges. U-20 was obliged to stay submerged for four hours and returned to base with various mechanical failures.
Near the end of sally number ten, a crew member from who had been taken sick, was transferred to U-20 on 4 August 1943. The boat docked at Constanta on the seventh.
11th to 14th patrols
These patrols were conducted between Constanta and Sevastopol. U-20 sank the Soviet Vaijan Kutur'e on 16 January 1944 off Cape Anakria.
15th patrol
The boat sank Pestel on 19 June 1944 off Trabzon. The Soviets reported that this ship was sunk in Turkish territorial waters.
They also sank the Soviet landing craft DB-26 on 26 June with gunfire and demolition charges.
16th patrol and fate
They were scuttled on 10 September 1944, in the Black Sea off the coast of Turkey.
On 3 February 2008, The Daily Telegraph newspaper reported that U-20 had been discovered by Selçuk Kolay, a Turkish marine engineer, in of water off the coast of the Turkish city of Karasu.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
External links
German Type II submarines
U-boats commissioned in 1936
U-boats scuttled in 1944
World War II submarines of Germany
World War II shipwrecks in the Black Sea
1936 ships
Ships built in Kiel
Ships built in Romania
Maritime incidents in September 1944
Shipwrecks of Turkey
The term of faktura () emerged in Russian art criticism before the First World War. David Burliuk used the term as a Russian equivalent of the French word "facture" which refers to the texture of the painted surface. Voldemārs Matvejs used the term in their 1914 text "Printsipy tvorchestva v plasticheskikh iskussvakh: Faktura (Principles of Creation in the Visual Arts: Faktura).
It was later developed by Russian Constructivism. Alongside tectonics and construction, faktura constituted one of the three core principles defined by Aleksei Gan in their book Konstruktivizm. In the period after the Russian Revolution, new definitions of art had to be found, such as the definition of art objects as "laboratory experiments". "Faktura" was the single most important quality of these art objects, according to the critic Victor Shklovsky, referring to the material aspect of the appearance. The surface of the object had to demonstrate how it had been made, exhibiting its own distinct property.
Thus Faktura could be characterised as the visual demonstration of properties inherent to materials, as illustrated in Corner Counter Relief (1914) by Vladimir Tatlin.
References
Russian avant-garde
Cara Dunne-Yates (March 17, 1970 – October 20, 2004) was a scholar-athlete, bioethicists, linguist, lawyer, advocate, writer, poet, and mother of two. They were a Paralympic medalist in both winter and summer sports. They were Harvard-educated, and the only disabled First Marshall (class president) of any major university. They were also a UCLA-educated lawyer (1997), who was the first to legally fight the Law School Admission Council in order to make them use a Braille examination format of the LSAT.
Cancer
Born and raised in the northwest side of Chicago, Illinois, Dunne-Yates was diagnosed at 15 months with retinoblastoma (RB), a retinal cancer. One eye was immediately removed, and after three years of chemotherapy and radiation therapy, their other eye was also removed as a life saving treatment.
A few months after graduating from Harvard College, they were diagnosed with a facial cancer osteosarcoma. In two operations, part of their right cheekbone and palate were removed. They endured six months of intensive chemotherapy and rehabilitation treatment.
Eight years later, in 2000, they were again diagnosed with a rare and aggressive leiomyosarcoma in the abdomen. The cancer soon traveled to their liver and ultimately caused their death in October, 2004.
Education
Class of 1984 – Dunne-Yates attended Farnsworth Elementary School.
Class of 1988 – Taft High School in Chicago.
Class of 1992 – Dunne-Yates graduated as First Marshall (class president) and magna cum laude from Harvard with an A.B. in East Asian Studies and a minor in Economics.
Class of 1997 – Dunne-Yates graduated from UCLA School of Law, after a one-year medical deferral, and while training for the 1996 U.S. Paralympic Cycling Team.
2002–2004 – Fellow at Brandeis University, Waltham, Massachusetts – Women's Studies Scholars Program.
Athletic career
In 1976, when Dunne-Yates was six, their mother Mary Zabelski introduced them to alpine skiing as part of a Chicago-based group, The American Blind Ski Association (ABSF). Eventually, Dunne-Yates and their soon-to-be stepfather, Richard Zabelski, trained with ABSF at local ski areas as part of inter-club races. In 1979, after two seasons of skiing for fun as a family activity, they entered their first ski race. With a disastrous beginning, Dunne-Yates and stepfather, who served exclusively as their ski coach throughout their skiing career, developed a new guiding technique, where the skier would follow the guide. This "front guiding" technique was never previously demonstrated in blind ski racing. After numerous inter-club races with blind skiers from groups from Wisconsin and Michigan, Dunne-Yates' technique and confidence as a ski racer improved. In 1982, they and their stepfather prepared for and competed in the first ever U.S. Blind National Alpine Championships; they won the gold medal in giant slalom. At age 11, they competed in the adult women's category, demonstrating for the first time the front guiding technique. They were selected as the team's youngest member. They competed with the U.S. Paralympic Alpine Ski Team from 1982 to 1989, and medalled in world championship events in Switzerland, Canada, Austria, and Sweden.
In 1994, Dunne-Yates entered UCLA School of Law. In 1995, they met and began training with Scott Evans, an accomplished velodrome cyclist. They trained daily on a tandem track bike, while each attended classes at UCLA. Dunne-Yates and Evans entered several races to build strength, coordination, and strategy. In 1996, they entered their first U.S. National Cycling Championships in Houston, Texas, participating in categories for visually impaired cyclists. They won first place and were selected for the 1996 Atlanta Paralympic Cycling Team. Throughout their cycling career, Dunne-Yates was exclusively piloted by Evans.
U.S. National Alpine skiing Championships
1979 – Developed and pioneered the "Front Guiding" technique, where the skier is guided through the sounds of the guide's skis and verbal commands from in front of the visually impaired skier.
1981 – Winner of gold medal for women's giant slalom at the 1st U.S. National Alpine Skiing Championships for the Blind, U.S. Alpine National Championships (Upper Peninsula, Michigan); race sanctioned by the United States Association of Blind Athletes (USABA).
1981 – Selected as the youngest member of the U.S. Paralympic Ski Team at age 11.
1981 – Multiple national championship medalist at the 88th U.S. National Alpine Skiing Championships, U.S. Association for Blind Skiers (USABA).
Paralympic Winter Games
1984 – Bronze medal for women's alpine combo alpine skiing (Innsbruck, Austria).
1984 – Bronze medal for women's downhill alpine skiing (Innsbruck, Austria).
1984 – Silver medal for women's giant slalom alpine skiing (Innsbruck, Austria).
1988 – Silver medal for women's downhill alpine skiing (Innsbruck, Austria).
1988 – Silver medal for women's giant slalom alpine skiing (Innsbruck, Austria).
IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships
1982 – Bronze medal for women's alpine skiing combo (Le Diablerets, Switzerland).
1982 – Bronze medal for women's downhill alpine skiing (Le Diablerets, Switzerland).
1982 – Silver medal for women's giant slalom alpine skiing (Le Diablerets, Switzerland).
1986 – Bronze medal for women's downhill alpine skiing (Salen, Sweden).
1986 – Silver medal for women's giant slalom alpine skiing (Salen, Sweden).
1986 – Bronze medal for women's alpine combo alpine skiing (Salen, Sweden).
Summer Paralympic Games
1996 – Silver medal for mixed tandem 1 km cycling (Atlanta, Georgia).
1996 – Bronze medal for 200-meter sprint tandem cycling, (Atlanta, Georgia).
2000 – 10th place in the kilo at the 2000 (Sydney, Australia).
World Cycling Championships
1998 World Cycling Championships – Member of U.S. Cycling team (Colorado Springs, Colorado).
Advocacy
Among their many accomplishments outside the sports arena, Dunne-Yates was a prolific writer and poet. They were a journalist for several community newspapers in Illinois, Massachusetts, and Colorado, including the 1998–2001 U.S. Olympic Committee's Website. They were also contributor to the Encyclopedia of Women and Sport in America with their essay on female athletes and athletics, and published in both the United States and Japan.
Dunne-Yates' advocacy accomplishments include:
1988 – Published in The Journal of Law and Medicine (October 1998) on the ethics of prenatal diagnosis of genetically based disability.
1989 – Traveled to Japan as an official emissary of Mayor Richard M. Daley and the City of Chicago.
1991 – Returned to Japan to lecture on the rights of disabled people. They appeared multiple times on Japanese television and radio and in the print media. They testified before Japanese legislators.
1991 – Successfully compelled the Law School Admissions Council to provide the LSAT in Braille for the first time.
1992 – Co-director of the National Retinoblastoma Foundation.
1993 – Co-president of the New England Retinoblastoma Family Foundation.
1997 – Featured on ABC's 20/20 in "Cara Dunne-Yates: Them Personal Story".
Family
Dunne-Yates was the daughter of Mary S. Zabelski and stepdaughter of Richard Zabelski of Chicago. They married in 1998 to Spencer Yates, a sighted cyclist. Dunne-Yates has a daughter, Elise, born in 2000, and a son, Carson, born in 2003.
Honors
1987 – Harvard Club of Chicago (HCC) designated top candidate from 400 plus Chicago area applications for admission to Harvard University – undergraduate.
1988 – Admitted early admission to Harvard University Undergraduate. They were the only blind student.
1989 – Official emissary of Richard M. Daley and the City of Chicago, visiting various cities and prefectures throughout Japan, lecturing, and writing.
1992 – Graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts in East Asian Languages and a minor in Economics. They were "First Marshall" of the Class of 1992.
1996 – Received the Reynolds Award from Massachusetts General Hospital for their advocacy efforts on behalf of families with blind children, including those with additional disabilities. They were a co-honoree with former Senator Edward Kennedy.
1997 – United States Association of Blind Athletes Female Athlete of the Year.
1998 – Gene Autry Foundation Courage Award for showing heroism in the face of adversity.
2001 – Carpe Diem Award from the Lance Armstrong Foundation.
2001 – Inducted into the International Scholar-Athlete Hall of Fame, located at the Institute for International Sport (Kingston, Rhode Island).
2002 – Awarded the Jane Rainie Opel '50 Young Alumna Award from the Radcliffe Association, Harvard University. The award is presented annually to an alumna in the 10th reunion class for outstanding contribution to the advancement of women, to their profession, or to the institute.
2002 – True Hero of Sports Award from the Center for the Study of Sports in Society, Northeastern University (Boston, Massachusetts).
2010 – A life-size statue in the likeness of Cara Dunne-Yates and their guide-dog, Haley, was erected near the base of the Elk Camp Gondola in Snowmass Village, Colorado. The statue was moved in 2019 to a nearby location close to the Base Village Transit Center.
References
Article in the Boston Globe
Article in the Braille Forum
Article at USOC
Article at USA Cycling
Article at The Shrines and Memorials of Aspen/Snowmass
2004 deaths
Lawyers from Chicago
Blind people from the United States
Harvard College alumni
1970 births
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Medalists at the 1984 Winter Paralympics
Medalists at the 1988 Winter Paralympics
Paralympic silver medalists for the United States
Paralympic bronze medalists for the United States
Paralympic alpine skiers of the United States
Alpine skiers at the 1984 Winter Paralympics
Alpine skiers at the 1988 Winter Paralympics
Medalists at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Sportspeople from Chicago
UCLA School of Law alumni
American female alpine skiers
Paralympic medalists in alpine skiing
Paralympic medalists in cycling
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American women
Deaths from leiomyosarcoma
21st-century American women
Carthage Area Hospital is named for its location, Carthage, New York, "a medically underserved area."
History
Carthage, servicing and located in Jefferson County, is a 25-bed teaching hospital. They opened in 1965. Their expansions in 1995 and 2007 resulted in the hospital becoming "one of the largest employers within the area." Planning for another expansion began in 2018. U.S. News & World Report's overview of hospital described is as "a general medical and surgical facility" (it doesn't handle specialty areas such as Bariatric/Weight Control Services or Addiction Treatment Services).
In 2014 the hospital had a financial setback, and they laid off 20 percent of their workforce. In 2013 they opened Meadowbrook Terrace, an assisted living facility.
Controversy
In 1992 the hospital was one of twelve hospitals which were "issued statements of deficiency" for improper performance of laparoscopic gallbladder surgery: "at least seven patients have died and 185 others have suffered serious or life-threatening complications."
In 2014, they "settled allegations of overbilling." This was an interim arrangement; in 2018 they "recovered $6.8 million in reimbursement money owed to it by the federal government."
References
Hospitals in New York (state)
Events in the year 1914 in Bulgaria.
Incumbents
Events
23 February – Parliamentary elections were held in the country. The result was a victory for the Liberal Concentration, an alliance of the Liberal Party, the People's Liberal Party and the Young Liberals Party, which won 126 of the 245 seats in the parliament. Voter turnout was 67.1%.
July 28 -Bulgaria declares "Strict and Loyal Neutrality"
References
1910s in Bulgaria
Years of the 20th century in Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Bulgaria
Basil Vitsaksis was a Greek lawyer and diplomat. They graduated from law school after World War II and represented Greece in the Greek case before the European Commission of Human Rights on behalf of the Greek junta. For this, they were appointed as the Greek ambassador to the United States in 1969.
References
Ambassadors of Greece to the United States
20th-century Greek lawyers
The Kgetlengrivier Local Municipality council consists of thirteen members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Seven councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in seven wards, while the remaining six are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. In the election of 1 November 2021 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of seven seats.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
References
Kgetlengrivier
Silesian as an adjective can mean anything from or related to Silesia. As a noun, it refers to an article, item, or person of or from Silesia.
Silesian may also refer to:
People and languages
Silesians, inhabitants of Silesia, either a West Slavic (for example Ślężanie), or Germanic people (Schlesier or Silingi)
List of Silesians
Silesian tribes
Silesian language, West Slavic language / dialect
Cieszyn Silesian dialect
Texas Silesian
Silesian German language (Lower Silesian language), a Germanic dialect
Events
Silesian Wars (1740–1763)
Silesian Uprisings (1919–1921)
Silesian Eagle
Silesian Uprising Cross
Silesian Offensive
Silesian Offensives
Political divisions
Province of Silesia, 1815–1919 and 1938 to 1941, a province of Prussia within Germany
Silesian Voivodeship (1920–1939), an autonomous territorial unit of Poland (1920-1939)
Silesian Parliament, parliament of the autonomous Silesian Voivodeship (1920-1939)
Silesian Treasury, treasury of the autonomous Silesian Voivodeship (1920-1939)
Silesian-American Corporation
Silesian Voivodeship, a present-day division of Poland (see also Lower Silesian Voivodeship)
Silesian Regional Assembly
Moravian-Silesian Region, a present-day division of Czech Republic
Organisations
Silesian Autonomy Movement
Silesian Institute in Katowice
Silesian (European Parliament constituency), the corresponding constituency
Silesian People's Party
Silesian Socialist Party
Silesian Military District
Silesian Evangelical Church of Augsburg Confession
Evangelical Church in Berlin, Brandenburg and Silesian Upper Lusatia
Geography
Silesian Beskids
Silesian Beskids Landscape Park
Moravian-Silesian Beskids
Silesian Foothills
Silesian-Moravian Foothills
Silesian Upland
Silesian Lowlands
Silesian Przesieka
Silesian Walls
Silesian-Lusatian Lowlands
Culture
Silesian Park
Silesian Stadium
Silesian Planetarium
Silesian Amusement Park
Silesian Zoological Garden
Silesian Theatre
Silesian Museum
Silesian Philharmonic
Silesian Opera
Silesian String Quartet
Silesian Library
Silesian Fantasy Club
Coat of arms of Silesia, Silesian eagle
Transport
Silesian Interurbans
Silesian Railways
Silesian Air
Silesian Mountain Railway
Other
Silesian (series), a European subdivision of the Carboniferous period of the geological timescale
Silesian Piasts
Silesian architecture
Silesian horse
Silesian Insurgents' Monument
Silesian Metropolis
Moravian–Silesian Football League
Silesian Wikipedia
Silesian cuisine
Silesian dumplings
Silesian University of Technology
Silesian University (Opava)
Silesian Chess Congress
Silesian National Publishing House
See also
Silesia (disambiguation)
Upper Silesian (disambiguation)
Lower Silesian (disambiguation)
Schlesinger
Angelus Silesius, a baroque mystic from Silesia
Language and nationality disambiguation pages
The 2002 DFB-Ligapokal Final decided the winner of the 2002 DFB-Ligapokal, the 6th edition of the reiterated DFB-Ligapokal, a knockout football cup competition.
The match was played on 1 August 2002 at the Ruhrstadion in Bochum. Hertha BSC won the match 4–1 against Schalke 04, an exact repeat of the previous final, for their 2nd title.
Teams
Route to the final
The DFB-Ligapokal is a six team single-elimination knockout cup competition. There are a total of two rounds leading up to the final. Four teams enter the preliminary round, with the two winners advancing to the semi-finals, where they will be joined by two additional clubs who were given a bye. For all matches, the winner after 90 minutes advances. If still tied, extra time, and if necessary penalties are used to determine the winner.
Match
Details
References
2002
FC Schalke 04 matches
Hertha BSC matches
2002–03 in German football cups
Sports competitions in North Rhine-Westphalia
2000s in North Rhine-Westphalia
Cuba High School, also known as Cuba Senior High School, or CHS, is a public four-year high school located at 20325 North IL Route 97, south of Cuba, Illinois, a small city in Fulton County, in the Midwestern United States, at the intersection of Illinois Routes 95 and 97. CHS is part of Cuba Community Unit School District 3, which serves the communities of Cuba, Fiatt, Marietta, and Smithfield, and includes Cuba Middle School, and Cuba Elementary School. The campus is located 9 miles southwest of Canton, and serves a mixed small city, village, and rural residential community. The school districts lies within the Canton micropolitan statistical area.
Enrollment
Cuba High School is a small school with an enrollment at 132 students, as of 2019, that commute daily from the neighboring villages and rural areas.
Academics
The school's average high school graduation rate between 2015 and 2019 was 78%. 93% of the grade 9 students in 2019 were on track to graduate, and 53% of the students enroll in college after graduation.
Athletics
Cuba High School competes in the Prairieland Conference and is a member school of the Illinois High School Association. The CHS mascot is the Wildcats with colors of red and black; however, they co-op with neighboring Spoon River Valley High School for most athletics. Their combined name and mascot is the North Fulton Wildcats, with colors of red and black. The school has no state championships on record in team athletics and activities. The varsity football team, the North Fulton Wildcats, qualified for state tournament most recently in 2017, and reached the semi-finals in 2007. The 2009 Wildcat baseball team, led by twin brothers Josh and Jeremy Ellsworth, finished with an overall record of 27 wins and 4 losses, earning third place in the IHSA state tournament.
History
Smithfield High School consolidated into Cuba High School in the 1940s. The former Smithfield High School building then served as a grade school for the Cuba district until 1990. After 1990, the village of Smithfield then assumed control of the building and used it as a community center and private art gallery.
References
External links
Cuba Community Unit School District 3
Public high schools in Illinois
Schools in Fulton County, Illinois
Rowland Pugh (born 1579, date of death unknown) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1624 to 1625.
Pugh was the eldest son of Richard ap John ap Hugh, of Mathafarn, Montgomeryshire. They matriculated at Jesus College, Oxford on 14 October 1597, aged 18. They became a student of the Inner Temple in November 1598.
In 1624, Pugh was elected Member of Parliament for Cardigan. They were re-elected MP for Cardigan in 1625. They were Steward of Cyperley near Machynlleth. In 1608 and 1625 they were appointed High Sheriff of Montgomeryshire. They were High Sheriff of Merionethshire and High Sheriff of Cardiganshire in 1631.
Pugh married firstly Elizabeth Pryse, daughter of Sir Richard Pryse of Gogerddan and secondly Mary Lewes daughter of James Lewis of Coedmawr.
References
1579 births
17th-century deaths
Year of death missing
Members of the Parliament of England (pre-1707) for constituencies in Wales
Members of the Inner Temple
Alumni of Jesus College, Oxford
High Sheriffs of Montgomeryshire
High Sheriffs of Merionethshire
High Sheriffs of Cardiganshire
17th-century Welsh politicians
English MPs 1624–1625
English MPs 1625
Long Island, as a major region of New York State, has a significant impact on state and national politics. On the local level, the Republican Party is slightly more popular on Long Island.
Government
Nassau County and Suffolk County each have their own governments, with a County Executive leading each. Each has a county legislature as well as other countywide-elected officials, such as district attorney, county clerk and county comptroller. The towns in both counties have their own governments as well, with town supervisors and a town council.
Brooklyn and Queens, on the other hand, do not have independent county governments. As boroughs of New York City, both have Borough Presidents, largely ceremonial offices with little political power since the shutdown of the city's Board of Estimate due to a Supreme Court decision which declared it unconstitutional and led to a reorganization of the city government.
National politics
Politically, Nassau and Suffolk Counties were long controlled by the Republican Party. Republican presidential candidates won both counties from 1900 until 1988, with the exception of the 1912 victory of Woodrow Wilson and the Lyndon B. Johnson landslide of 1964. In 1972, Richard Nixon won Nassau, Suffolk, and Queens and came within 14,000 votes of winning heavily Democratic Brooklyn. In 1992, the suburban counties split, with Nassau voting Democratic and Suffolk voting Republican; however, since 1996, both counties, along with Brooklyn and Queens, have been Democratic, although sometimes by fairly close margins. In 2004, John Kerry won Suffolk County by just under 14,000 votes. The close 2004 margins followed large victories for Al Gore in Nassau and Suffolk in 2000, and many observers think the 2004 results were more of a reflection from a 9/11 bump President George W. Bush received through portions of the New York City metro area (as their numbers jumped quite a bit from 2000 in Staten Island, Rockland County, and parts of New Jersey as well) rather than a reversal of the Democratic trend. This hypothesis was proven false when in 2008 Long Island still gave the Democrat Barack Obama a victory in both counties, and would do so again 2012. In 2016, Suffolk County voted for the Republican Donald Trump, while Nassau County voted for the Democrat Hillary Clinton, with an overall combined victory for Trump on Long Island. In 2020, Nassau and Suffolk again split, with Suffolk voting for Trump, however by a greatly reduced margin in 232 votes, and Nassau voting for Democrat Joe Biden, by an increased margin. This, in contrast to 2016, led to an overall combined victory for Biden on Long Island.
Five of New York's 27 congressional districts are located on Long Island. The First, Second, and Fourth are entirely located on Long Island, while the Third is primarily within Long Island with a small portion in Queens and the Fifth is primarily located within Queens but has a small portion contained within Nassau County. Of them, the Republicans represent two; Andrew Garbarino represents the 2nd Congressional District, Lee Zeldin represents the 1st. The other three districts are represented by Democrats; Thomas Suozzi, Kathleen Rice, and Gregory Meeks.
State politics
In 2000, Senator Hillary Clinton lost both Nassau and Suffolk to Republican Rick Lazio, who had previously served as a member of congress from Suffolk County. While the 2004 results did show a much stronger showing for Republican President George W. Bush across Nassau and Suffolk County, it did not hurt Democrat Charles Schumer and their re-election bid in the area. Schumer won both Nassau and Suffolk in a landslide receiving close to 70% of the vote in both counties. Republican Governor George Pataki won both Nassau and Suffolk in all three of their victories.
In 2006, Long Island continued its Democratic trend. Helped by a strong Democratic win nationwide, Democrats Eliot Spitzer and Hillary Clinton won Long Island in a landslide in the Governor and US Senate race. Democratic Comptroller Alan Hevesi, despite being scandal-ridden, won Long Island and Democrat Andrew Cuomo won all of the island's counties in the Attorney General race, with Republican Jeanine Pirro narrowly losing in Suffolk. Republican Peter T. King held on to their Congressional seat in a race against Nassau County Legislator Dave Mejias by a 56%-44% margin, even as two other New York Republican Congressmen lost their seats upstate and one open Republican seat flipped to the Democrats. Their 12-point margin of victory was less than half their margins in past elections.
Much of the traditional edge Republicans have had in the New York State Senate is due to dominating elections for these offices on Long Island, but the election of a Democrat to replace Michael Balboni in 2007 for the 7th District on Nassau County's North Shore demonstrated a recent weakness at that level of government as well. During the 2016 elections, Democrats flipped one state senate seat and came close to flipping three others showing the Republican dominance of Long Island's state senate seats and the chamber itself may soon come to an end. In the 2018 midterm elections, the Democrats flipped four State Senate seats on Long Island, and the Democrats took control of the State Senate. Long Island has 22 seats in the New York State Assembly, of which 11 are held by Republicans, 9 are held by Democrats, 1 is held by an Independence Party member who caucuses with the Democrats and one is vacant but was most recently held by a Republican.
On the western side, both Brooklyn and Queens are reliably Democratic, although Queens became that way fairly recently, having still been politically volatile through the 1980s. This is mainly a consequence of the recent changes in Queens demographics, that used to be a white-middle-class suburban county, and is now one of the most diverse places in the United States.
Local politics
In 1996, the first Nassau County Legislature was elected with a Republican majority of 13–6 with Bruce Blakeman becoming the first Presiding Officer in the county's history. In 2001, Nassau County elected Democrat Thomas Suozzi as county executive and Democrats took control of the county legislature, marking the first time Democrats had full control over county governments. Republicans still held on to the District Attorney's office and Hempstead town government, which has not had a Democratic majority on the town council or held the town supervisor position in close to 100 years. In 2003, Suffolk County followed suit, electing Democrat Steve Levy as county executive.
Thomas Spota defeated three-time incumbent James M. Catterson Jr. to become Suffolk County District Attorney in 2001. They were re-elected in 2005, 2009, and 2013 without any major-party opposition.
The 2005 election saw Nassau move further into Democratic hands. Denis Dillon, the Republican Party District Attorney of Nassau County for over thirty years, lost their re-election bid to the Democrat Kathleen Rice. The Republicans also lost the Town of Brookhaven, long known as a bastion of Republican corruption and patronage on the Island. The Suffolk County sheriff's race also resulted in a Democratic win by cross endorsement of a Conservative Party member. For the first time in years, Democrats controlled the Suffolk County Legislature. In 2006, for the first time ever, Democrats controlled a majority of government offices in both counties including county executives, legislatures, and district attorneys. After the 2009 elections, Democrats lost heavily in various communities including losing Nassau County executive, numerous legislatures and attorneys. As of 2017, some of those offices have returned to the Democratic Party. While in Suffolk County, the Republican Party had long since taken back the Town of Islip in 2011 as well as the Town of Brookhaven in 2012 and flipped control of the Town of Huntington in 2017. The Democratic Party did win the Supervisor seats in both the Town of Hempstead and the Town of Riverhead in 2017, but those gains reversed back to the Republican Party in 2019, while the Supervisor of the Town of Shelter Island reversed from a Republican gain in 2017 back to a Democrat gain in 2019. The Towns of Smithtown and Oyster Bay have consistently maintained Republican majority for several decades, and the Towns of North Hempstead and Babylon have similarly been dominated by Democratic majorities for several decades. The Town of East Hampton and Town of Southampton, as well as the City of Glen Cove and City of Long Beach, have elected both Republican and Democratic majorities in the last two decades.
In 2009, Ed Mangano, a Republican, was elected in an upset victory over County Executive Thomas R. Suozzi in Nassau. In 2011, Steve Bellone, a Democrat, was elected the 8th Suffolk County Executive. In 2017, Laura Curran was elected County Executive in Nassau as a Democrat. The current District Attorneys of both Suffolk and Nassau are Republicans, the current County Clerks of both counties are Republicans, the current Comptrollers of both counties are Republicans, and the current Sheriff of Suffolk is a Democrat elected with Conservative Party support; Nassau County does not have an elected Sheriff.
In the 2021 elections, Suffolk County had a ‘red wave', Republicans captured the DA and 12 of 18 legislative districts. This marks the first time in 16 years Republicans captured a majority and 21 years since holding the District Attorney. Democratic leaders were swept from office by Republicans — even though registered Democrats outnumber Republicans by 100,000 in the county. The Nassau County elections offered a similar picture, as voters readily ousted the county's Democrats, electing Republicans down the ballot. The District Attorney, County Executive, Bruce Blakeman and Comptroller offices all went into GOP hands. The Town of North Hempstead elected a Republican Supervisor for the first time since 1989.
See also
Politics of New York (state)
Elections in New York
External
Suffolk County Legislature
Nassau County Legislature
References
Long Island
Politics of New York (state)
Karadakh (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Korodinsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 390 as of 2010.
Geography
Karadakh is located 32 km northwest of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Avarksoye Koysu River. Uzdalroso and Koroda are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Jane Robinson may refer to:
Jane Bancroft Robinson (born 1847), author and educator
Jane J. Robinson (1918–2015), American computational linguist
Jane W. Robinson (born 1926), American politician
James Robinson (filk musician) (born 1948), American musician previously known as Dr Jane Robinson
Jane Robinson (historian) (born 1959), British social historian
Jane Robinson (rower) (born 1969), Australian rower
Jane Robinson (cyclist) (born 1969), 1974 winner of United States National Road Race Championships
Jane Robinson (costume designer), Oscar-nominated costume designer
The Super Quartet Live at Sweet Basil is a live album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy recorded at Sweet Basil in New York City in 1987 and released on the Japanese Paddle Wheel label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Henry M. Shteamer awarded the album 4 stars stating " Live at Sweet Basil is highly recommended as an introduction to both Waldron and Lacy, as these performances reveal the quirks of each of their styles in a peppy, yet very profound setting".
Track listing
All compositions by Mal Waldron except as indicated
"What It Is" — 12:19
"Evidence" (Thelonious Monk) — 10:52
"Snake Out" — 15:21
"Let's Call This" (Monk) — 7:23
Recorded at Sweet Basil in New York City on August 28 & 29, 1987
Personnel
Mal Waldron — piano
Steve Lacy — soprano saxophone
Reggie Workman — bass
Eddie Moore — drums
References
1987 live albums
Mal Waldron live albums
Steve Lacy (saxophonist) live albums
Pervaiz Khan is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2008 to 2013.
Political career
They ran for the seat of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) (PML-Q) from Constituency PK-36 (Swabi-VI) in 2002 Pakistani general election but was unsuccessful. They received 4,130 votes and lost the seat to Sarfaraz Khan, as a candidate of Awami National Party (ANP).
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Constituency NA-13 (Sawabi-II) as a candidate of ANP in [[2008 Pakistani general election]]. They also work for RAW in Pakistan and they are main cause of terrorism in Punjab of Pakistan Anonymously. They received 26,603 votes and defeated Muhammad Naeem, a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP).
References
Living people
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
People from Swabi District
Year of birth missing (living people)
La Providence de Notre-Dame-des-Flots, sold in the United States as The Providence of the Waves, or the Dream of a Poor Fisherman and in Britain as The Fisher's Guardian Angel, was a 1904 silent film directed by Georges Méliès.
Plot
An impoverished fisherman, not earning enough to support their wife and daughter, prays for help before an icon of the Virgin Mary. They fall asleep and dreams of the goddess Fortuna standing on their wheel, pouring gold for them out of a horn of plenty. On waking, the memory of the dream drives them to despair.  They are about to commit suicide with a revolver, but is stopped just in time by their wife, who rebukes them for being ready to leave their family unprotected and alone.
Just then a philanthropic nobleman and their daughter, traveling the countryside on errands of charity, stop at the fisherman's cabin and discover their family's plight. The noble duo shower the poor family with gifts. As they are at the door and about to leave, the nobleman's daughter momentarily takes the appearance of the icon of Mary. The fisherman, amazed that their prayer has been answered, kneels in thanksgiving.
Production and release
The film is one of Méliès's few forays into realism; their other films in the style include The Christmas Angel and A Desperate Crime, and there are also similarities to their actuality films and reconstructed newsreels. The American catalogue description for The Providence of the Waves notes: "Here we are in the presence of a moral and sentimental subject adapted for all audiences. The playing of the actors, while sober, is absolutely perfect—one would think that reality itself unrolls before the eyes."
The film is also a notable early example of an often-used cinematic narrative device in which a miraculous intervention is linked to a symbol of the Virgin Mary, casting them as an indirect deus ex machina. Méliès's scenario was adapted and directed as a new short film in 1988 by Gérard Krawczyk, as part of the TF1 television program Méliès 88, featuring eight modern film directors' responses to lost films by Méliès.
The Providence of the Waves was released by Méliès's Star Film Company and is numbered 598–602 in its catalogues. The film is currently presumed lost.
References
External links
French silent films
Lost French films
French black-and-white films
French silent short films
Films directed by Georges Méliès
Henry Whitelock Torrens (20 May 1806 – 16 August 1852), son of Major-General Henry Torrens, was born on 20 May 1806. They received their B.A. at Christ Church, Oxford (where they were a president of the United Debating Society), and entered the Inner Temple. After a short service under the Foreign Office, they obtained a writership from the Court of Directors of the East India Company and arrived in India in November 1828 and held various appointments at Meerut. In 1835 they joined the Secretariat, in which they served in several departments under Sir William Hay Macnaghten. In 1839 they assisted James Hume in the editing of the Eastern Star, a weekly paper, which became a daily paper called the Calcutta Star. They were secretary (1840–1846) and a Vice-President (1843–1845) to the Asiatic Society of Bengal (now the Asiatic Society). In December 1846, they were appointed Agent to the Governor-General at Murshidabad. Here in their endeavours to improve the Nizamat administration, their relations with the Nawab Nizam and their officials became greatly strained.
They were a clever essayist as well as a journalist and scholar, and their scattered papers were deservedly collected and published at Calcutta in 1854.
Torrens died of dysentery at Calcutta while on a visit to the Governor-General on 16 August 1852 and was buried in the Lower Circular Road Cemetery.
References
1806 births
1852 deaths
Presidents of the Oxford Union
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
British expatriate academics
British barristers
British male essayists
British male journalists
Deaths from dysentery
Torrens family
The year 2019 is the 238th year of the Rattanakosin Kingdom of Thailand. It is the fourth year in the reign of King Vajiralongkorn (Rama X), and is reckoned as year 2562 in the Buddhist Era.
A general election, the first since the ruling military junta took power by coup in 2014, took place on 24 February. The coronation of King Maha Vajiralongkorn happened on 4–6 May.
Incumbents
Events
January
5 January - Rahaf Mohammed was detained by Thai authorities whilst transiting through Bangkok airport, en route from Kuwait to Australia. They were attempting to flee their family and seek asylum in Australia because they say they subjected them to physical and psychological abuse, and is concerned that they could be killed if deported back to their native Saudi Arabia.
February
11 February - King's sister is disqualified from the election.
April
30 April - Director named for the Netflix story of the Thai cave rescue
May
4 May - The coronation of King Maha Vajiralongkorn Bodindradebayavarangkun takes place.
June
11 June - Thai women's soccer team play the U.S. team in the World Cup and lost 13–0. Even though it was the biggest loss to date in World Cup history, Thai supporters were still happy to be there and participating in the event.
August
2 August - 2019 Bangkok bombings
November
6 November - Gunmen killed 15 people, mostly Village Defence Volunteers, in Yala Province.
Deaths
May
May 7 – Prasert na Nagara, Thai scholar (b. 1919)
May 26 – Prem Tinsulanonda, 16th Prime Minister of Thailand and Regent of Thailand (b. 1920)
References
2010s in Thailand
Years of the 21st century in Thailand
Thailand
Thailand
Coast is a BBC documentary series first broadcast on BBC Two television in 2005. A second series started on 26 October 2006, a third in early 2007 and a fourth in mid-2009. It covers various subjects relating to both the natural and social history of the British coastline and also more recently, that of Britain's near neighbours. A fifth series was aired in 2010, followed by a sixth in 2011. A seventh series aired in 2012 and followed a different format from previous series. Series eight started in 2013 while series nine aired in 2014 and series ten in 2015. In 2016, reports from the show were repackaged as Coast: The Great Guide (known as Coast Great Guides when broadcast on BBC Four in 2021), an eight part series on BBC Two.
The series is a collaboration between the Open University and BBC Productions, Birmingham. It is also known as the placeholder programme when BBC2 is under a fault in programming.
In December 2013, the first reversion of the series format, Coast Australia, was screened on The History Channel in Australia. Hosted by Neil Oliver, it was the second highest-rated show in the history of the channel. It started airing on BBC Two from 14 May 2014; series 2 was aired in 2015. Coast New Zealand aired in 2016. A similar show, Arfordir Cymru (Wales Coast), is broadcast on the Welsh-language broadcaster S4C and hosted by Bedwyr Rees; three series have aired so far, each of six 23-minute-long episodes, travelling in Pembrokeshire (2014), the Llŷn Peninsula (2015), and Cardigan Bay (2017).
Presenters
The original presenters, and their fields of interest, are:
Nicholas Crane (lead presenter, series 1, 6–) — geography
Neil Oliver (lead presenter, series 2–5) — archaeology and social history
Alice Roberts — anthropology and geology
Mark Horton — marine archaeology
Miranda Krestovnikoff — zoology
The original presenters have formed the backbone of the presenting team; however Alice Roberts left the Coast team after the end of the sixth series.
Several other presenters have also become regulars after originally appearing on a one-off basis:
Dick Strawbridge (series 2–) — engineering
Hermione Cockburn (series 2–) — general
Tessa Dunlop (series 6–) — social history
Adam Henson (series 6) — farming
Andy Torbet (series 7–) — general
Ruth Goodman (series 7–) — social history
Ian McMillan (series 7–) — general
Series overview
Series 1 started at the White Cliffs of Dover and progressed in a clockwise fashion around the coast of Great Britain (with a side trip to Northern Ireland). Series 2 again started at Dover but subsequent episodes did not follow series one in circumnavigating the UK coast, instead featuring various locations, including sections of the coast of the Republic of Ireland. Series 4 reintroduced the circular element, starting at Whitstable and ending at Hull, though with visits to Ireland, Normandy, and Norway included as well. The format of the seventh series abandoned the geographical element and instead each episode focused on a particular theme and featured locations from around the British Isles.
All but one of the episodes in the first series ended with Nicholas Crane stating that in the British Isles, "Remember, you are never more than 72 miles from the sea!" Neil Oliver closed the fifth series with the same statement.
Series 4 onwards were simulcast on the BBC HD channel.
Extracts from the programme are often used as filler items on BBC Two, for example following a fifty-minute documentary programme such as Natural World or Horizon, to allow the next full programme to begin on the hour. As the aerial shots from the Coast programmes are made in high-definition, they are also used in this way on BBC HD.
Episodes from old series have been shown on Yesterday.
Series 5 was shown overseas (e.g. in New Zealand on the Living Channel) before being shown on the BBC.
DVD releases
Series 1 to 5 of Coast have been released on Region 2 DVD by Contender Home Entertainment, or, following their acquisition, by E1 Entertainment. Series 6 onwards have been released on Region 2 DVD and Region B Blu-ray by Acorn Media UK.
Numerous box sets have been released, including one which packaged Series 1 with another BBC documentary, A Picture of Britain.
Series 1 (2005)
The first series of Coast was originally aired on BBC2 during the summer of 2005. The series follows a circumnavigation of the coastline, starting and finishing in Dover.
Lead presenter Nicholas Crane remarks on more than one occasion during the series that it was a "once-in-a-lifetime journey" suggesting that Coast was originally planned as a one-off series, although subsequent series did not follow the same "journey round the coast of Britain" approach, but concentrated on stories from various areas, including overseas. Series 1 is the only series yet to include more than eight episodes. A review episode was shown on 2 September 2005, looking back over the series' highlights, and looking at the future of the coastline – this is not included in the DVD release for the series.
Series 2 (2006)
The second series of Coast was originally aired on BBC2 during the autumn of 2006. Whilst the series starts in Dover and finishes in nearby Margate, it does not follow same circular journey of the previous series. It is the first series to feature a foreign shoreline, that of the Republic of Ireland.
The subtitle of the series is The Journey Continues.
Series 3 (2007)
The third series of Coast was originally aired on BBC2 during the summer of 2007. In common with the previous series, the journey does not follow a circular course; the series starts in Shetland and finishes in Dover.
The subtitle of the series is A Journey of Discovery.
Series 4 (2009)
The fourth series of Coast was originally aired on BBC2 during the summer of 2009. It was simulcast on BBC HD for the first time. The series visits foreign shores for the second time: along with a return to Ireland, France, the Faroe Islands, and Norway are all included due to the fact they share a connection to the UK coastline. The circular element of the journey, last seen in the first series, returns; starting in Whitstable and finishing in Hull.
Unlike the last two series, there is no series subtitle, however the series was renamed to Coast and Beyond — helping to signify that the journey takes in coastlines outside the British Isles.
Series 5 (2010)
The fifth series of Coast was originally aired on BBC2 during the summer of 2010. It was simulcast on BBC HD. The series visits both France (for the second time) and Denmark (for the first time) exploring how these countries are linked to our own via the sea. The series opens with a journey around the Irish Sea centred on the Isle of Man; in the remaining episodes a rough circumnavigation is completed from Swanage to London.
As with the previous series, the name Coast and Beyond is retained – helping to signify that the journey takes in coastlines outside the British Isles.
Series 6 (2011)
The sixth series of Coast was originally aired on BBC2 during the summer of 2011. It was simulcast on BBC HD. The series visits Belgium, the Netherlands, and Sweden (all for the first time) exploring how these countries are linked to our own via the sea. The series does not follow a circular course, beginning in London and ending in Sweden.
As with the previous two series', the name Coast and Beyond is retained – helping to signify that the journey takes in coastlines outside the British Isles.
Series 7 (2012)
The seventh series of Coast was originally aired on BBC2 during the early summer of 2012. It was simulcast on BBC HD. The format of the series changed significantly from previous series in that each episode has a theme featuring stories from every part of the British Isles instead of concentrating on one geographical area per episode.
In keeping with this change in format, the name Coast and Beyond has been dropped in favour of the original Coast. To further enforce this all episodes starts with a short introduction monologue from Nicholas Crane which begins with the statement that "Coast is home".
The seventh series was the first series not to feature Alice Roberts, one of the original presenters.
Series 8 (2013)
The eighth series of Coast was broadcast starting 3 April on BBC2. It was simulcast on BBC HD. The series continued in the style started with the seventh series: each episode had a theme featuring stories from every part of the British Isles instead of concentrating on one geographical area per episode.
Series 9 (2014)
The ninth series of Coast was broadcast from 15 July 2014 on BBC Two. The series takes a journey around the British Isles and beyond, visiting France (again) and North America (for the first time) uncovering different stories along the way.
Series 10 (2015)
The first episode was broadcast on 9 July 2015 on BBC Two and BBC Two HD.
Coast: The Great Guide (2016)
These eight part series for BBC Two features reports from previous series of Coast (with clips from early reports used as part of the Flying Visit feature) linked by new footage of Neil Oliver and Tessa Dunlop undertaking trips in various forms of sea transport (for example Dunlop on a tugboat, as well as on a cruise across the sea in episode 8: Our Irish Sea Coast).
Coast Australia
Coast Australia is a continuation of the Coast series, this time traveling to and exploring the coast of Australia. The show is presented by Neil Oliver who is joined by local Australian experts. The first series of 8 episodes was commissioned by Australian pay-TV provider Foxtel as a joint production with the BBC.
It was first shown on The History Channel in Australia from 2 December 2013, becoming the channel's second highest-rated show ever, and later aired in Britain on BBC Two from 14 May 2014.
A second series was commissioned and began airing in Australia on 12 January 2015, and on 2 April in Britain.
A third series commenced production in early 2016 and was aired between 9 January 2017 and 27 February 2017.
Presenters
The main presenters and their fields of expertise are:
Neil Oliver (lead presenter) — geography
Tim Flannery - paleontology
Emma Johnston - marine ecology (not 2.05)
Brendan Moar - geography and social history (not 1.07, 2.05)
Xanthé Mallett - anthropology (not 2.01-2.02, 2.06-2.08)
Miriam Corowa - social evolution (Series 1)
Alice Garner - history (Series 2)
Series overview
Following the same format as the UK version, the show explores the Australian Coastline in sections, detailing both the natural and social history.
To introduce the series to as wide an audience as possible, the first series focused on well known and iconic Australian locations. These included the Great Barrier Reef, the Gold Coast, The Kimberley, Botany Bay, and Victoria's Shipwreck Coast. The series mixed the geological history of the Australian continent with modern post-European settlement of Australia.
After the success of the first series, the second series began to explore more unique locations like Norfolk Island, Torres Strait, and the Gippsland Lakes. It also took in more Aboriginal history, as well as visiting South Australia for the first time.
Series 1 (2013)
The first series of Coast Australia aired on 2 December 2013 on the History Channel in Australia and on 14 May 2014 on BBC Two. Comprising 8 episodes, the series looked at iconic landmarks throughout Australia like the Great Barrier Reef, Botany Bay, and the Gold Coast.
Series 2 (2015)
The second series of Coast Australia aired on 12 January 2015 on the History Channel in Australia and on 2 April 2015 on BBC Two. After the success of the first series exploring more familiar areas, the second series began to investigate lesser known sections of Australia including Norfolk Island and the Gippsland Lakes.
Series 3 (2017)
The third series of Coast Australia aired on 9 January 2017 until 27 March 2017. The series covered 8 episodes, and visited a variety of locations around Australia, including Lord Howe Island, the Bass Strait Islands, and the North Kimberley.
Coast New Zealand
Coast New Zealand is a continuation of the Coast series, this time showcasing and exploring the coastlines of Aotearoa, New Zealand.
The show is presented by Neil Oliver who is joined by several local New Zealand experts.
The first and second series of 6 episodes was commissioned by TVNZ in a joint production with the BBC and Great Southern Television.
Presenters
The main presenters and their fields of expertise are:
Neil Oliver (lead presenter) — geography (Series 1 & 2)
Matt Carter - maritime archaeologist (Series 2)
Hamish Campbell - geologist and palaeontologist (Series 2)
Jacky Geurts - marine biologist (Series 2)
Riria Hotere - author (Series 2)
Series 1 (2016)
The first series of Coast New Zealand aired on 19 April 2016 on TVNZ On Demand in New Zealand.
Comprising 6 episodes, the series consists of three episodes on each of New Zealand's main islands.
Series 2 (2017)
The second series of Coast New Zealand aired on 24 April 2017 on TVNZ in New Zealand.
Comprising 6 episodes, Scottish historian, archaeologist, author, and broadcaster Neil Oliver returns to explore the panoramic beauty and history of New Zealand's coastlines.
Series 3 (2018)
The third series of Coast New Zealand began airing on 22 April 2018 on TVNZ in New Zealand.
Comprising 6 episodes, Scottish historian, archaeologist, author, and broadcaster Neil Oliver returns to explore the panoramic beauty and history of New Zealand's coastlines.
Footnotes
This closing narration was part of a promotion for the tie-in BBC-sponsored walks and accompanying booklet, and was removed from many of the repeat showings.
Series 1 Episode 13 was broadcast as a series' highlight programme which also looking at the future of the coastline. The episode is not included in the DVD release for the series.
First mentioned in the introduction of Series 1 Episode 1.
The credit for "Additional Writing by..." only appears on episodes shown in Series 1.
Series 6 Episode 2 was broadcast the week after Episode 3 due to over-running coverage of the 2011 Canadian Grand Prix.
Due to the revised format of Series 7 each episode is credited to various directors.
References
General References
External links
Open2.net - Coast
Coast - IMDB
www.alice-roberts.co.uk
2005 British television series debuts
2000s British documentary television series
2010s British documentary television series
BBC television documentaries
Television series by BBC Studios
Open University
Dementyevskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Spasskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 35 as of 2002.
Geography
Dementyevskaya is located 29 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Grigoryevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Defence Secretariat 19 (DS19) was a special unit set up within the British Ministry of Defence by Michael Heseltine in March 1983. Its purpose was to combat the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND) and all calls for unilateral nuclear disarmament.
References
See also
Women and Families for Defence
Ministry of Defence (United Kingdom)
Politics of the United Kingdom
Cold War
Nuclear organizations
Anti–nuclear weapons movement
Opening Night is a 1995 education/simulation video game by MECC, and developed in cooperation with The Children's Theatre Company in Minneapolis. It is aimed at children aged 10 and up.
Gameplay
Players create, direct, and perform mystery plays in a lifelike theatre, featuring The Children's Theatre Company actors in period costumes. They do this by manipulating multimedia including 40 actors, 100 sets, and 300 props to create stories. Lighting, music, and sound effects can be later added. To access an item, players first choose the Category Viewer to choose the category, then next the Item Viewer to choose the item. Double-clicking on the item places it onto the stage. The game was curriculum-driven; it aimed to allow students to use their creativity to write scripts and create plays for assessments, and to use their imagination.
A timer helps synchronise actions, while the recorder is used to capture action. Text-to-speech technology allows the player to hear the character say what they have written; however if words are mispronounced they are encouraged to type the words out phonetically instead. Star Tribune commented that the dialogue can either appear at the bottom of the screen like movie subtitles, or spoken in a "Stephen Hawking monotone".
Development
The actors were added by first being filmed or photographed then digitized into the game, in a similar vein to Mortal Kombat.
A bonus expansion pack named Opening Night Behind the Scenes was released in 1995 on Windows 3.1 and Macintosh. It was developed in cooperation with The Children's Theatre Company in Minneapolis and published by MECC. The disk illustrated how the game was made and showed how a theatre operates. Players could watch interviews by industry professionals from The Children's Theatre Company and look up terms in a glossary. The CD also include Quicktime movies showing tours of different aspects of the theatre.
Release
Dale LaFrenz, MECC president and chief executive officer, commented that they expected Opening Night, alongside MayaQuest and Math Munchers Deluxe, to be released in time for the pre-holiday selling season of 1995.
The game was the 73rd best-selling title during the November–December 1995 period (holiday season).
Critical reception
Star Tribune positively compared MECC's Opening Night (1995) to The Learning Company's The American Girls Premiere (1997), which the newspaper considered to be a mere repackaging of the MECC video game. While The American Girls Premiere offered players the ability to record their own voices, Star Tribune otherwise considered it to be redundant to the earlier game, and thought Opening Night'''s fans would find the newer title unnecessary. The Washington Post thought the game would only appeal to fully-fledged theatre enthusiasts, while turning off more casual creative types. Macs For Teachers described the product as "very cool".
William T. Yates of The School House Review and World Village gave the game 5 out of 5 stars, commenting that the game would increase players' interest in and love of the theatre. Anne Bubnic of Pep Holiday Hits thought the game was for "aspiring actors and actores", and chose it as one of the best picks for the holiday season. Gamervescent, for which Opening Night was their first video game, wrote retrospectively that over time they learnt that the title unleashed the "greatest unintentional hilarity of all time". Theatre in Cyberspace wrote that the game was elegant and that it could be more directly applied to the classroom.
A series of plays from the game have been uploaded to YouTube.
See also
The American Girls Premiere'', a theatrical simulation computer game built upon the same engine.
References
External links
1995 video games
Educational video games
Classic macOS games
Windows games
Animation software
Filmmaking video games
Video games with digitized sprites
Software for children
Video games developed in the United States
The Thiel Trough () is a submarine trough trending NE-SW with depths reaching to 1,500 metres below sea level. The trough extends southwest from about 7630S, 3500W, in the Weddell Sea; underlies Filchner Ice Shelf and the south part of Ronne Ice Shelf, south of Henry Ice Rise; and continues west to about 8300S, 8500W, near Martin Hills. The portion northeast of the Henry Ice Rise was discovered in 1957-58 by a U.S. traverse party from Ellsworth Station and named "Crary Trough" after Albert P. Crary, chief scientist with the United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP). The southwest portion was traced by U.S. seismic traverse parties, 1958–64, and the whole delineated in greater detail by the Scott Polar Research Institute (SPRI)-National Science Foundation (NSF)-Technical University of Denmark (TUD) airborne radio echo sounding program, 1967–79.
The name "Crary Trough" was later set aside by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) at the suggestion of Crary, who recommended that the entire trough be named after Edward C. Thiel (1928–1961). Thiel was the chief seismologist at Ellsworth Station from 1956 to 1958, the leader of the traverse party that discovered this feature, and they died in an air crash at Wilkes Station in Antarctica.
Oceanic basins of the Southern Ocean
Filchner-Ronne Ice Shelf
Robert Paul Nonini (born August 7, 1954 in Wallace, Idaho) is an American politician who was a Republican member of the Idaho Senate serving District 3 from 2012 to 2018. They previously served in the Idaho State Representative from 2004 to 2012 representing District 5 in the A seat.
Education
Nonini graduated from Wallace High School and attended North Idaho College.
2018 Lieutenant Governor's race
Nonini announced October 9, 2017 on social media that they will run for Lt. Governor of Idaho in 2018. They filed with the Secretary of State's office October 10, 2017.
On March 3, 2018, Nonini reportedly nodded when asked at a candidates forum if the punishment for getting an abortion should include the death penalty. However, they have denied ever having nodded in agreement. "Prosecutions have always been focused on the abortionist," they said later, but such a law and "...the threat of prosecution, would dramatically reduce abortion. That is my goal."
Nonni drew 15% of the primary election vote, placing fourth among Republicans seeking the office.
Elections
References
1954 births
Living people
Idaho Republicans
Members of the Idaho House of Representatives
People from Wallace, Idaho
21st-century American politicians
Pedernales Electric Cooperative is a not-for-profit rural electric distribution, utility cooperative headquartered in Johnson City, Texas. The cooperative was organized in 1938.
The cooperative, the nation's largest distribution electric cooperative, is owned by more than 300,000 cooperative members in Central Texas and serves an area of . A 2.25-MW / 4.5-MWh (2-hour) grid battery was installed in Johnson City in 2020.
Cooperative Leadership
Pedernales Electric Cooperative is led by Julie Caruthers Parsley, who joined the cooperative as chief executive officer in 2017. Previously, Parsley was a partner at the law firm Parsley Coffin Renner. Additionally, Parsley is a former Commissioner of the Public Utility Commission of Texas and focused their law practice on energy-related legal and consulting services in Texas and the Southwest.  They are also a former Solicitor General of Texas, is board certified in civil appellate law and was an adjunct professor of law teaching appellate practice and procedure at the University of Texas School of Law.
Board of Directors
As a cooperative, PEC is owned and governed by the members it serves, and members are democratically elected to serve on the cooperative's board of directors. In 2016, the cooperative adopted a single-member district voting methodology in which members vote every three years for their district's director seat.
References
External links
Pedernales Electric Cooperative
Electric cooperatives in Texas
Texas Hill Country
Companies based in Texas
1938 establishments in Texas
American companies established in 1938
Energy companies established in 1938
Cyrtodactylus hamidyi (Hamidy's bent-toed gecko) is a species of bent toed gecko endemic to Kalimantan, Indonesia.
References
Cyrtodactylus
Reptiles described in 2021
Herdecke () is a town in the district of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis, North Rhine-Westphalia in Germany. It is located south of Dortmund in the Ruhr Area. Its location between the two Ruhr reservoirs Hengsteysee and Harkortsee has earned it the nickname Die Stadt zwischen den Ruhrseen (lit. The city between the Ruhr lakes).
The city is located in the area of the Regionalverband Ruhr (RVR). The two Ruhr lakes as well as the forests on the Ardey heights make the town attractive to tourists. The historic center with its many half timbered houses and the 30-metre-high railway viaduct across the Ruhr valley are two more landmarks.
Geography
Herdecke is located at the foot of the Ardeygebirge, the northwestern part of the Sauerland, between Dortmund in the North and Northeast, Hagen in the South, Wetter (Ruhr) in the Southwest and Witten in the West and Northwest. Herdecke lies between 80 and 274 meters above sea levels. It lies on the north bank of the river Ruhr, between the Harkortsee to the west and the Hengsteysee to the east.
Geology
Though part of the Ruhrgebiet, the town was only indirectly influenced by the mining of coal, as it has few coal beds.
Climate
The average precipitation is between 850 and 900 mm. The average temperature is around 10.6 °C.
Town structure
Most of Herdecke lies North of the Ruhr except for a small part at the Ruhr bridge. The town is about 8 kilometers in length from North-East to South-West and 5 kilometers in width from North-West to South-East.
Herdecke has two major settlements: Herdecke proper and Ende. The latter covers the former town of Ende with its farming communities Kirchende, Ostende, Westende and Gedern as well as the "mansion district" Ahlenberg.
History
The origin of Herdecke was the foundation of a women's monastery at the beginning of the 9th century. The former monastery church (Stiftskirche), which was rebuilt in the second half of the 13th century, still retains parts of the original Carolingian construction.
In 1324 Herdecke went from ownership of the Bishopric of Cologne to the County of Mark. The count took all jurisdiction from the abbess and erected a pillory in front of the church which existed until 1700. 1355 market rights were given by Count Engelbert III. In the following centuries the regionally important corn market developed thanks to the good connection to trading roads from Cologne to the Weser area, Münsterland and Siegerland.
1594 free jurisdiction was canceled. In 1615 Herdecke became a Freiheit. In the winter of 1624/1625, Herdecke was host to a garrison of Spanish military. It was given city rights by Friedrich Wilhelm I in 1739.
The Fourth Edition of Meyers Konversations-Lexikon noted in 1888: „Herdecke, town in Prussian government district Arnsberg, Hagen, 104 meters above sea levels. Lies at the navigable Ruhr and the lines Hagen-Witten, Hagen-Dahlhausen and Schwelm-Dortmund of the Prussian State Railroad Company. Has an evangelic and catholic church, great sandstone quarries as well as factories for fabrics, tobacco, leather paper and hardware, dye works and beer brewing. On the heights of the town is the Kaisberg with a tower commemorating the Baron of Stein; further away are the remnants of the Hohensyburg; the new tower was erected to honour president v. Vinke. Underneath the Hohensyburg lies the Sonnenstein, a 200 meter high plateau where every year in June the famous Rhein-Westfalic Sonnenstein fair is being held. Next to Herdecke lies Vorhalle with its iron and brass factories.“
1939 Ende was incorporated into Herdecke. In World War II the town was godfather to the U 751, a submarine that was sunk in the Atlantic by British planes on 17 July 1942.
Population history
In the course of two centuries between 1739 and 1939 Herdecke changed from a medieval market town to a flourishing small town. The population between 1939 and 1993 grew at 147% because of people's wishes to "have a green home". In the 1990s the population reached its maximum to this day (26,500). The population slowly declined afterwards.
Because of the population grow Herdecke is a town with the most sealed surfaces in the Government District of Arnsberg. More than a third of the town's surface has been built upon and almost 300 square metres of surface per person is sealed.
Emblem
The Herdecke emblem is a silvern oak on a hill bearing yellow fruit upon a red shield. The so-called "Herta-Oak" has been the city's trademark for a long time. A city seal of 1784 already shows a tree. Since the giving of the emblem by the Prussian Government in 1902, the official emblem bears a wall with three towers on the top side.
Politics
The current mayor of Herdecke is Katja Strauss-Köster, an independent politician endorsed by the CDU, The Greens, and FDP. They were first elected in 2009, winning 71% of votes, and re-elected in 2015. In the most recent mayoral election on 13 September 2020, Strauss-Köster was re-elected again with 66.0% of votes, defeating Jan-Christoph Schaberick of the SPD.
City council
The Herdecke city council governs the city alongside the Mayor. The most recent city council election was held on 13 September 2020, and the results were as follows:
! colspan=2| Party
! Votes
! %
! +/-
! Seats
! +/-
|-
| bgcolor=|
| align=left| Social Democratic Party (SPD)
| 3,730
| 32.3
| 8.9
| 12
| 4
|-
| bgcolor=|
| align=left| Christian Democratic Union (CDU)
| 3,315
| 28.7
| 0.9
| 11
| ±0
|-
| bgcolor=|
| align=left| Alliance 90/The Greens (Grüne)
| 2,250
| 19.5
| 5.1
| 7
| 2
|-
| bgcolor=|
| align=left| Free Democratic Party (FDP)
| 967
| 8.4
| 0.6
| 3
| ±0
|-
| bgcolor=|
| align=left| Alternative for Germany (AfD)
| 505
| 4.4
| New
| 2
| New
|-
| bgcolor=|
| align=left| The Left (Die Linke)
| 450
| 3.9
| 3.1
| 1
| 2
|-
| bgcolor=|
| align=left| Die PARTEI
| 328
| 2.8
| New
| 1
| New
|-
! colspan=2| Valid votes
! 11,545
! 98.7
!
!
!
|-
! colspan=2| Invalid votes
! 153
! 1.3
!
!
!
|-
! colspan=2| Total
! 11,698
! 100.0
!
! 37
! 1
|-
! colspan=2| Electorate/voter turnout
! 19,770
! 59.2
!
!
!
|-
| colspan=7| Source: City of Herdecke
|}
Town partnerships
There is a town partnership with Blankenburg (Harz). The town has a display on every Herdecke May Fair where typical foods and beverages as well are offered and touristic offers are being shown.
Culture and Sites
Sites of interest
Tourism is popular especially around and on the two Ruhr lakes. There is Bachviertel, the historical part of Herdecke.
Ruhr Viaduct
Gut Schede
Haus Mallinckrodt
Haus Ende
Haus Kallenberg
Herdecke's old town district
Industrial culture
Koepchenwerk (a pumped-storage hydroelectricity plant)
Water power station Hengstey (only partly in Herdecke)
Power station Stiftsmühle (a run-of-the-river hydroelectricity plant)
Churches
Protestant Church St. Marien
Protestent Church of Kirchende
Catholic Church of St. Philippus and Jakobus
Leisure activities
Herdecke has a lot of forest areas where one can hike or jog. Both Ruhr lakes are usable for watersports. The leisure centre "Bleichstein" has playgrounds and large grass areas. There is an open-air pool and a hall pool.
In addition to the "Bleichstein" there is "Am Kalkheck" in Kirchende. There are several sport clubs and further smaller areas for sporting and for leisure.
Herdecke is the home of some world champion and Olympic winners. (e.g. Mark Warnecke).
Events
Herdecke has no municipal event hall, but there are two larger halls where to have events. 1984 the Ruhrfestsaal was inaugurated in collaboration with the hotel Zweibrücker Hof. It can be used for 350 people and was extended in 2005. Since 2001 there is a private music hall, the Werner-Richard-Saal which can also take 350 visitors.
The museum Heimatstube is the only museum in town. Since 1993 it sits in Stiftsplatz 3 next to the city hall in a historic building. Here the town's history is presented.
There is a theatre Am Stiftsplatz and since 1992 there has been a theatre ensemble called Theater 'ne ah.
In 1978 a cinema called Onikon was opened (No Kino backwards; Kino = cinema in German). In addition there is an art gallery Ruhrgalerie as well as private artists galleries or ateliers.
Regular events
May fair: Every year on Ascension day there is a four day-events with a historic market and medieval elements as well as music, dances and sports in the town center. Many clubs take part in the organisation of the event.
Flea market: in May and October
Weekly market: every Thursday morning in the town center.
Herdecke city run: in June by the club TSV Herdecke
Ende city run: in September by the club TuS Ende
Christmas run: end of year by the club RC Westfalen Herdecke
Shooting fairs (two clubs)
Infrastructure and economy
Herdecke is home to many high-income families. In 2001 39 income millionaires with more than 500,000 Euro annual income lived in Herdecke. Because of the high amount of taxes paid, the neighbouring city of Hagen has tried to incorporate Herdecke into Hagen.
Traffic
Public transport
Herdecke is accessed by train (Volmetalbahn). There are two stations: Herdecke and Wittbräucke. The Volmetalbahn runs every hour from Dortmund to Lüdenscheid and back. The station Hagen-Vorhalle, south of Herdecke, used to be called Herdecke Vorhalle.
Six bus lines connect Herdecke to its neighbouring towns and cities, for example the line 376 to Witten or the line 518 to Hagen.
Roads
Herdecke has a connection to the A1 and A45 motorways and routes 54, 226 and 234.
Public facilities
Herdecke is home to the anthroposophic hospital Gemeinschaftskrankenhaus Herdecke. A school for the civil service is located in Haus Ende.
Education
There are five primary schools (im Dorf, Kirchende, Robert-Bonnermann, Schraberg, Vinkenberg), a special school (Albert-Schweitzer-Schule), two secondary schools (Am Sonnenstein, Am Bleichstein) and a high school (Friedrich-Harkort-Schule). A musical school and an adult evening school also exist.
The Witten/Herdecke University is located in adjacent Witten. The "Herdecke" part of the name refers to the hospital Gemeinschaftskrankenhaus Herdecke, which cooperates with the university.
Social organisations
Fire brigade
Johanniter-Unfall-Hilfe
Deutsches Rotes Kreuz
Deutsche Lebens-Rettungs-Gesellschaft
Media
Several local newspapers exist. Herdecke is sometimes reported on in radio and TV stations nearby (e.g. in Dortmund or Hagen).
Companies
The biggest employer is the hospital. Some famous German companies like Dörken, Dörken MKS-Systeme or Idealspaten are located in Herdecke. WestfaliaSurge, one of the world's leading milking machine producers, left Herdecke in 2005 after 30 years.
Notable people
Antje Jackelén, German-Swedish Lutheran Archbishop of Uppsala and primate of the Church of Sweden
Jürgen Klopp, German football coach (Liverpool F.C.)
Stephan Letter, serial killer and former nurse accused of murdering patients
Hank Levine, movie director and producer
Lars Ricken, German football player (Borussia Dortmund)
Irmingard Schewe-Gerigk, member of German Bundestag
Albert Vögler politician, industrialist and entrepreneur
References
External links
Official site
Heimatverein-Herdecke.de
Facebook Group "Du bist Herdecker, wenn"
Towns in North Rhine-Westphalia
Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis
Province of Westphalia
Utah is a state in the Mountain West sub-region of the Western United States. Since its admission to the Union in January 1896, it has participated in 32 United States presidential elections. In the 1896 presidential election, Utah was easily won by the Democratic Party candidate William Jennings Bryan, who received almost 83 percent of the popular vote. In the subsequent four years, however, the Republican Party dominated Utah politics, which continued until the 1932 election. In the four-way 1912 election, Utah was one of only two states won by incumbent president William Howard Taft. In the 1932 election, the Democratic candidate Franklin D. Roosevelt won Utah amid a national political landslide victory. Democrats maintained their popularity in Utah politics until the 1952 election, after which the Republican Party regained its influence.
In the 1992 presidential election Utah was one of the two states where the independent candidate Ross Perot finished in second place, ahead of the Democrat Bill Clinton. In the 2016 election, Evan McMullin organised a campaign as an independent candidate for the presidency. In late October, their polling numbers in Utah were almost 25 percent. By the election day, however, their polling numbers reduced and they received almost 21.5 percent of the popular vote in Utah. , the Republican Party has won Utah in 17 of the last 18 presidential elections. Recent national surveys show Utah to be one of the most Republican states in the nation.
Presidential elections
Graph
See also
Elections in Utah
List of the United States presidential election results by state
Notes
References
Works cited
United States presidential elections in Utah
Remians are the graduates of Dhaka Residential Model College, a college in Bangladesh. Students of the Dhaka Residential Model College (DRMC) are called Remians. The term is regarded as a prestigious designation held by graduates of DRMC. Remians founded an organization in Bangladesh known as ORWA, the Old Remians Welfare Association. Remians who are living in Canada have formed Remians Canada to increase the fraternity among the remians living in Canada.
Remians and ORWA members have played a vital role in the development of Bangladesh, contributing to society as government officers, doctors, scientists, engineers, army officers, and professors. Many senior government officials of Bangladesh are Remians.
Notable Remians have included:
Sheikh Jamal, the second son of the founding leader of Bangladesh Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman and slain brother of the current Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina. They were also known as a freedom fighter in the Bangladesh Liberation War.
Tareq Zia, a well-known politician and Senior Joint Secretary-General of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP).  They are the son of a former President of Bangladesh, the late Major General Ziaur Rahman, and Khaleda Zia, a former Prime Minister of Bangladesh.
Shamsher Mubin Chowdhury, a former Foreign Secretary of the Government of Bangladesh.
Mohamed Mijarul Quayes, a former Foreign Secretary, High Commissioner to the United Kingdom, and ambassador to Russia
References
External links
Old Remians Welfare Organization
ORWA election
remians.ca, Website of Dhaka Residential Model College alumni in Canada
The pro-poor tech prodigy
Education in Dhaka
American rapper and singer Post Malone is the recipient of multiple awards including three American Music Awards, ten Billboard Music Awards and a MTV Video Music Award.
Post Malone received their first Grammy Award nominations at the 61st annual ceremony, with "Rockstar" being nominated for both Record of the Year and Best Rap/Sung Performance while "Better Now" garnered a nomination in Best Pop Solo Performance. Additionally, their studio album Beerbongs & Bentleys nabbed a nomination for Album of the Year. At the 62nd annual ceremony, their collaboration with Swae Lee, "Sunflower", received nominations in categories such as Record of the Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
Record of the Year
>> Shared with: >> Swae Lee (artist)
>> Louis Bell { producer/engineer/mixer}
>> Carter Lang (producer)
>> Manny Marroquin (engineer/mixer)
>> Mike Bozzi
Awards List Of POST MALONE >>Award List Of POST MALONE
Malone, Post
Murtough Ua Flaithbertaigh (died 1204) was King of Iar Connacht.
See also
Ó Flaithbertaigh
References
West or H-Iar Connaught Ruaidhrí Ó Flaithbheartaigh, 1684 (published 1846, ed. James Hardiman).
Origin of the Surname O'Flaherty, Anthony Matthews, Dublin, 1968, p. 40.
Irish Kings and High-Kings, Francis John Byrne (2001), Dublin: Four Courts Press,
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Byrne, Francis John (2001), Irish Kings and High-Kings, Dublin: Four Courts Press,
People from County Galway
1204 deaths
Murtough
13th-century Irish monarchs
Year of birth unknown
Sir Charles Bruce-Gardner, 1st Baronet (6 November 1887 – 1 October 1960), born Charles Bruce Gardner, was an English industrialist, specialising in mechanical and aircraft production.
Born in London, they were the son of Henry Gardner and Florence Arliss. Educated at St. Dunstan's College and Battersea College of Technology, they were registered as a member of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers.
A director of John Summers & Sons from 1913, they subsequently became chairperson of the John Lysaght Group They were also deputy-chairperson of the Steel Company of Wales, a director of the Consett Iron Company and GKN, and chairperson of British Iron and Steel Federation. They later became president of the Iron and Steel Institute.
Appointed an industrial advisor to the Governor of the Bank of England, as Chairman of the Society of British Aircraft Constructors from 1938 to 1943, they advised on the Shadow factory plan.
Changing their name by deed poll on 21 December 1937 to Charles Bruce-Gardner, they were knighted in the 1938 New Year Honours, having the honour conferred on 17 February 1938. They were created 1st Baronet Bruce-Gardner, 'of Frilford, in the County of Berkshire', on 12 February 1945.
References
External links
Entry at The Peerage
Businesspeople from London
Alumni of the University of Surrey
Businesspeople awarded knighthoods
Knights Bachelor
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
1887 births
1960 deaths
20th-century English businesspeople
Dr. Esperanto's International Language (), commonly referred to as (First Book), is an 1887 book by Polish ophthalmologist L. L. Zamenhof, in which they first introduced and described the constructed language Esperanto. First published in Russian on , the publication of Unua Libro marks the formal beginning of the Esperanto movement.
Writing under the pseudonym "Dr. Esperanto", Zamenhof originally referred to the language as the international language; the use of Esperanto did not arise until 1889 when people began to use their pseudonym as the name of the language itself. Zamenhof reproduced a significant portion of the content of Unua Libro in the 1905 Fundamento de Esperanto, which they established as the sole obligatory authority over Esperanto in the Declaration of Boulogne, ratified by the first World Esperanto Congress later that year.
History
After many years of developing the language, Zamenhof completed Unua Libro by the spring of 1885 and spent the next two years looking for a publisher. In 1887, shortly after they married their wife Klara, their new father-in-law Aleksandr Silbernik advised them to use money from Klara's dowry to find a publisher. Following their advice, Zamenhof found a publisher in Warsaw, Chaim Kelter. On , Kelter published the book in Russian as International Language (). Before the end of the year, Kelter published the Polish, French, and German editions of the book, as well.
In 1888, Zamenhof had Julian Steinhaus translate the book into English, and the translation was published under the title Dr. Esperanto's International Tongue. However, when Richard Geoghegan pointed out that Steinhaus's translation was very poor, Zamenhof destroyed their remaining copies and requested that Geoghegan produce a fresh translation. Geoghegan's translation of the book, titled Dr. Esperanto's International Language, was published on and became the standard English translation. Henry Phillips, Jr., a secretary of the American Philosophical Society and early supporter of Esperanto, also produced a translation in 1889, titled An Attempt towards an International Language, but Geoghegan's translation remains the preferred standard.
Unua Libro was also translated into Hebrew, Yiddish, Swedish, and Lithuanian in 1889 and then into Danish, Bulgarian, Italian, Spanish, and Czech in 1890.
The name Unua Libro was applied retroactively to the book in relation to the title of Zamenhof's 1888 book Dua Libro (Second Book).
In 1905, Zamenhof reproduced much of the content of Unua Libro in Fundamento de Esperanto, which they established as the only obligatory authority over Esperanto in the Declaration of Boulogne at the first World Esperanto Congress later that year. However, in their 1888 Aldono al la Dua Libro (Supplement to the Second Book), they officially altered the spelling of the suffixes of the temporal correlatives (when, then, always, sometimes, never) from -ian to -iam, which rendered the Esperanto of Unua Libro slightly outdated.
Content
The book consists of three parts, an introduction, a grammar section, and a dictionary.
Zamenhof begins by renouncing all rights to the language, putting it in the public domain.
In the introduction, Zamenhof lays out their case for the need for an international auxiliary language (IAL). They state that previous attempts, such as Volapük, have failed because they have not overcome the three main difficulties an IAL must overcome in order to succeed. Those difficulties are:
In the next three parts, they address each difficulty specifically and explains why they believe Esperanto is fit to overcome them.
In part I, they explain the simplicity and flexibility of Esperanto grammar, particularly due to its regularity and use of affixes.
In part II, they demonstrate the ease of using Esperanto for international communication due to a simple and clear vocabulary. To demonstrate this, they translate the Father and Genesis 1:1–9 and presents a fictional letter and a few poems in Esperanto—"El Heine'", a translation, and "Mia penso" and "Ho, mia kor'", both original.
In part III, they present an idea called the "universal vote", which is a campaign to allot 10 million signatures of people making the following pledge: "I, the undersigned, promise to learn the international language, proposed by Dr. Esperanto, if it shall be shown that ten million similar promises have been publicly given." They argue that this will prevent anyone from wasting time on learning the language since, once 10 million signatures have been gathered, there will be a significant population obliged to learn the language, rendering the language useful. They also welcome critical feedback for the next year and promises to consider criticism before publishing a special booklet that will give definitive form to the language the following year (which was to be Aldono al la Dua Libro). Additionally, they lay out guidelines for a language academy to guide the evolution of the language in the future (which was to be the Akademio de Esperanto).
In the grammar section, they explain the Esperanto alphabet and sixteen grammar rules.
In the dictionary section, they present a dictionary with 917 roots of vocabulary.
Reception and legacy
Zamenhof received a wide range of reactions to Unua Libro, from mocking criticism to avid interest. In the hundreds of letters they received, they saw enough support to prompt them to publish Dua Libro in January 1888 and La Esperantisto in 1889, in order to provide more Esperanto reading material for those with interest. In 1889, they also published Russian–Esperanto and German–Esperanto dictionaries to increase Esperanto vocabulary, as well as Aldono al la Dua Libro, a supplement to Dua Libro, to establish the definitive form of the language, a document they promised in part III of Unua Libro.
By all measures, Zamenhof's "universal vote" campaign failed. By 1889, they had only reached 1000 signatures, a mere 0.01% of their goal of 10 million. Nevertheless, the Esperanto movement continued onward. Among the early supporters were educated Russian and Polish Jews, Leo Tolstoy and their followers, Eastern European freemasons, and speakers of Volapük who had lost hope in their language.
See also
History of Esperanto
Esperanto Day
Footnotes
Notes
References
External links
A collection of free Esperanto books compiled by David G. Simpson. This collection includes, among many others, reprints of the "canonical books" of the Esperanto language, i.e., Unua Libro, Dua Libro (with the Aldono al la Dua Libro) and Fundamento de Esperanto.
1887 non-fiction books
Esperanto history
Esperanto literature
Works published under a pseudonym
This is a complete list of numbers retired by the National Hockey League (NHL). A retired number is a jersey number that is taken out of circulation by a team as a way of honouring a former member of that team who wore that number; after the number's retirement, members of that team are not permitted to wear the number on their jerseys unless by permission of the original number holder.
The first team to retire a number was the Toronto Maple Leafs, which retired Ace Bailey's number 6 on February 14, 1934, prior to an All-Star game organized in their honour.
The NHL currently has 174 retired numbers, 10 former retirements and 24 honoured numbers. Most of the numbers retired by the Hartford Whalers and Quebec Nordiques were put back in circulation when those franchises relocated and became the Carolina Hurricanes and Colorado Avalanche, respectively, although the Hurricanes keep Gordie Howe's number 9 unofficially retired. The Minnesota North Stars' two retired numbers were carried over when that franchise relocated to become the Dallas Stars, and remain retired today. The Arizona Coyotes had a policy of retaining the numbers retired when the franchise was the Winnipeg Jets but reversed it after the Phoenix Coyotes were sold and became the Arizona Coyotes; these were retroactively classified as honoured numbers as part of the Arizona Coyotes Ring of Honor. Honoured numbers are similar to retired numbers, except that they remain available for use by other players. Presently, only the Calgary Flames, the St. Louis Blues, the Arizona Coyotes and the Winnipeg Jets (the latter honouring the players of the original Jets) employ this designation.
Wayne Gretzky's number 99 was retired league-wide in 2000; Gretzky's former teams the Edmonton Oilers and Los Angeles Kings also separately retired their number.
, only the San Jose Sharks and Winnipeg Jets have no retired numbers; however, San Jose will retire the number 12 of Patrick Marleau during the 2022-23 season. Two teams have only retired numbers that are not for former players: the Vegas Golden Knights and Seattle Kraken.
Twelve numbers have been retired by a team in honour of two different players.
Nine players have had their number retired by two different NHL teams:
Bobby Hull – Chicago Blackhawks and original Winnipeg Jets
Gordie Howe – Detroit Red Wings and Hartford Whalers
Wayne Gretzky – Edmonton Oilers and Los Angeles Kings (also retired league-wide)
Ray Bourque – Boston Bruins and Colorado Avalanche
Mark Messier – Edmonton Oilers and New York Rangers
Patrick Roy – Colorado Avalanche and Montreal Canadiens
Tim Horton – Buffalo Sabres and Toronto Maple Leafs
Red Kelly – Detroit Red Wings and Toronto Maple Leafs
Scott Niedermayer – Anaheim Ducks and New Jersey Devils
Retired numbers
Key
Italics denote numbers that will be retired during the 2022–23 NHL season.
Unofficially retired numbers
These numbers are not considered officially retired, but have still been removed from circulation.
Key
Honoured numbers
Unlike the numbers retired by the Flames, these honoured numbers were not necessarily withdrawn from circulation. Some of the numbers honoured by the Blues remain in circulation, while others have been removed from circulation without being officially retired.
A few uniform numbers of the original Winnipeg Jets were honoured by both the current Jets (originally the Atlanta Thrashers) and the Arizona Coyotes, the relocated incarnation of the original Jets. These numbers remain in circulation by both teams.
Key
Former retired numbers
It is very rare for a team to reissue a retired number, and usually requires a special circumstance, such as a number being requested for a family member (such as Bobby Hull asking the Phoenix Coyotes to allow their son Brett to wear Bobby's number 9), or the player for whom the number was retired coming out of retirement themselves (such as Mario Lemieux).
In cases of franchise relocation, the handling of existing retired numbers is at the discretion of team management. They may decide to continue honouring the retired numbers, such as the Dallas Stars and Phoenix/Arizona Coyotes, or they may choose to make a "fresh start" and reissue the numbers, as the Colorado Avalanche and Carolina Hurricanes have done.
The Hurricanes have an unusual exception with regards to Gordie Howe's number 9. While the Hurricanes have not made any formal recognition of the Hartford Whalers' retirement of the number, they have kept the number out of circulation since their 1997 relocation.
The Red Wings and Larry Aurie's number 6 are also something of a unique situation, as the number was officially retired, then un-retired so that their cousin, Cummy Burton, could wear it, much as the Jets/Coyotes did for the Hulls. It was then re-retired until 2000, when the Red Wings ordered it removed from the NHL's Official Guide and Record Book. Despite the unretirement, number 6 is still not available to be worn in Detroit.
Key
References
External links
Retired numbers
NHL
There Was a Light: The Cosmic History of Chris Bell and the Rise of Big Star is a book by Rich Tupica, a Michigan-based journalist. It chronicles the life of the late Chris Bell and their band, Big Star, from their childhood in the 1950s Memphis through their posthumous releases of 2017 and 2018. The book's narrative is told through verbatim quotes in an oral-history format.
In September 2020, the book was published as a traditional paperback and audiobook by Post Hill Press, which is distributed by Simon & Schuster. The first, limited-edition version of the book was published in December 2018 by HoZac Books.
About the book
The 469-page book details the life of Chris Bell, best known as the founder of Big Star, the legendary and influential power pop band. The book weaves together memories from Bell's family, friends, bandmates, fans and associates.
The book, which has received favorable reviews, was released in conjunction with a series of album releases from Omnivore Recordings, including The Complete Chris Bell box set, and a series of other 2017 and 2018 Chris Bell and Big Star releases.
Aside from Bell's close friends, There Was a Light features memories and thoughts from notable Bell fans like Mike Mills of R.E.M., Chris Stamey and Mitch Easter of the dBs, Pete Yorn, Ivo Watts-Russell, Matthew Sweet and Rick Nielson of Cheap Trick, among others.
Reception
The Chicago Tribune gave the book a positive review, stating: "Chris Bell, who with Alex Chilton co-founded the ahead-of-its-time Memphis band Big Star, died 40 years ago, before their accomplishments as a singer, songwriter and musical visionary could be widely acknowledged. Rich Tupica sets the record straight in There Was a Light: The Cosmic History of Chris Bell and the Rise of Big Star."
Meanwhile, Under the Radar said: "Rich Tupica's There Was A Light is the holy grail of information on Big Star and the late Chris Bell. An oral history spanning 400 pages, There Was a Light is exhaustive in its detail and entrancing in its storytelling. It is everything the obsessive Chris Bell/Big Star fan could dream."
The Memphis Flyer, a weekly publication that's covered Big Star's hometown legacy for years, said: "Tupica, a Michigan-based entertainment writer who's contributed to Record Collector, Uncut Magazine, and American Songwriter, has done their homework — and their legwork. Though they write very little as an author, except a few explanatory notes to create the context, their five years of labor on this volume yielded interviews and archival quotes from dozens of people, requiring four pages to list them all at the end. The final product is an encyclopedic compendium of sorts, illuminating Bell's life from a thousand angles."
References
External links
Simon & Schuster page for "There Was A Light
Billboard, May 2017
2018 non-fiction books
Books about musicians
2020 non-fiction books
JW may refer to:
Jack Wills, a clothing company
Jehovah's Witnesses, a Christian religious group
John Wick, an action film starring Keanu Reeves
Joko Widodo, 7th President of Indonesia, 16th Governor of Jakarta and 15th Mayor of Surakarta
Jurassic World, 2015 adventure film by Colin Trevorrow
Jurassic World (franchise), the Jurassic World franchise originating with the 2015 film
JW, a patient with a "split brain"
The Jewish War, history book by Josephus
Vanilla Air (IATA code JW)
Arrow Air, cargo airline 1947-2010 (IATA code JW)
⟨jʷ⟩, IPA for a labialized palatal approximant
JW (Hong Kong), Hong Kong female singer and actor
See also
WJ (disambiguation)
This is a list of the Irish language radio stations in Ireland.
Irish-language radio stations
There are four radio stations that broadcast entirely in Irish:
National
RTÉ Raidió na Gaeltachta (RnaG) - national radio station and part of the RTÉ group.
Youth
Raidió Rí-Rá - a youth-oriented chart music station, currently broadcasting on the internet and in several places on DAB.
Generalist
Raidió Na Life - broadcasting in the Greater Dublin area.
Raidió Fáilte - broadcasting in the Greater Belfast area.
See also
List of Irish language media
List of television channels available in the Republic of Ireland
Gaelic
Lists of radio stations by language
Ireland-related lists
Stanley Charles Scarsbrook (born October 1908, date of death unknown) was an English track and field athlete who competed in the 1934 British Empire Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games they won the gold medal in the 2 miles steeplechase event. The same year they won their only British Athletics title, in the same event.
References
External links
commonwealthgames.com results
1908 births
Year of death missing
British male steeplechase runners
English male steeplechase runners
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for England
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Bodianus solatus, the sunburnt hogfish, is a species of wrasse native to tropical and warm temperate waters of Western Australia. It was formerly considered the western Australian form of the goldspot hogfish (Bodanius perdito).
References
Further reading
RANDALL, JOHN E., and BENJAMIN C. VICTOR. "Bodianus atrolumbus (Valenciennes 1839), a valid species of labrid fish from the southwest Indian Ocean."
External links
solatus
Fish described in 2006
Paul J. O'Brien (born 16 April 1961) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).
Notes
External links
Paul O'Brien's profile at Demonwiki
Paul O'Brien's profile at Essendon's official website
1961 births
Melbourne Football Club players
Essendon Football Club players
Living people
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
The Tobago Hospitality and Tourism Institute, also known as THTI, is a state owned Institute in Tobago, Trinidad and Tobago founded in 1997. The campus is currently situated on of land in the Blenheim, Mount Saint George on the island of Tobago of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. The Institute caters for graduates from the Secondary Schools or persons with experience in the world of tourism, hospitality and culinary arts. THTI has designed their programs ensuring that students are fully prepared through both theory and practical applications. The institute has a mix of associate degrees, Certificates (Short Courses) and Modular courses.
It is one of two Institutes in Trinidad and Tobago, that deal with tourism, hospitality and culinary studies, the other being the Trinidad and Tobago Hospitality and Tourism Institute (TTHTI).
References
External links
Tobago Hospitality and Tourism Institute
Tobago
Universities in Trinidad and Tobago
Educational institutions established in 1997
Cooking schools in North America
Hospitality schools
1997 establishments in Trinidad and Tobago
Timothy Patrick Farley (born August 12, 1962) is a computer software engineer, writer and instructor who lives in Atlanta, Georgia.  They are an expert in computer security and reverse engineering as well as a skeptic. They were a research fellow of the James Randi Educational Foundation. Tim Farley is the creator of the website What's The Harm?, a resource where stories are documented and categorized about the damage done when people fail to use critical thinking skills. Farley was also instrumental in the apprehension of spammer "David Mabus."
Early life
Farley was born in 1962 and grew up in Edison, New Jersey. They later lived in Valdosta, Georgia and in Atlanta, Georgia.
While in high school and college, Farley was involved in Star Trek fandom and wrote for and edited several fanzines. Most of their writing was non-fiction, examining the science of Star Trek such as the technology shown. In 1985 Farley created the Star Trek Historical Calendar which related science, cartoons and historical facts associated with the series. This venture in college they credit with guiding their later interests in their "This day in skeptic history" project. They were also president of two different Star Trek fan clubs at different times: VISTAS in Valdosta and ASTRA in Atlanta. Later they worked on the staff of several Atlanta-area conventions including Atlanta Fantasy Fair and Dragon Con.
Professional career
Their professional career has been in software development, specializing in network communications, computer security and reverse engineering of binary software. They have worked for several Atlanta-area software companies including SemWare, Magee Enterprises, Internet Security Systems, and SPI Dynamics among others.
They have written a number of articles for computer periodicals about programming, computer networking and other topics. They have also written a chapter for a book on computer networking. As an expert in reverse engineering they have been quoted in BYTE Magazine and contributed material to the book Undocumented DOS and other books.
They have participated in computer industry standards committees and has presented at computer industry conferences. They have received three patents for their work in computer security. Farley has also worked as an instructor for commercial computer security training, including reverse engineering and secure application development.
Career as a skeptic
Farley is the creator of the web site What's The Harm? which documents the damage done by mistaken beliefs, misinformation and pseudoscience.
In an interview with Richard Saunders on the Skeptic Zone podcast, Farley discussed how they wanted to try to stay focused on "concrete stories of people that actually got hurt" that they could cite with some kind of "decent documentation". They stated that they wanted to keep the format simple so that anyone could comfortably access the stories, on any browser with no flashy videos. They hope to expand the site into longer feature stories of some of the more documented or popular stories. Saunders stated that the site "has a wealth of information, if someone asks you "what's the harm?", you can run to this website and see that the harm is... lack of critical thinking."
Farley has written on skeptical topics at their Skeptical Software Tools blog and elsewhere. They have also been published in Skeptical Inquirer.
Farley has spoken at local skeptics meetings such as Skeptics in the Pub in Atlanta, Boston, Reno, Nevada, Washington, DC, Manchester, New Hampshire and Madison, Wisconsin. They presented at several SkeptiCamps including Atlanta in 2009, 2010 and 2011 and New York City in 2009.
Speaking at TAM 2012, Farley urged the audience of skeptics to become more involved spreading critical thinking on the Internet, just a few minutes each day. "We need more tools... we need people welding these tools, we need to be the army that is using these tools as weapons against the quacks and the psychics." They caution skeptics not to get too comfortable thinking that science will always win, because it is right. "We may delude ourselves in thinking it [science] does not need our help." They listed many new software tools that are available on the Internet for free and are relatively easy to use, and they reminded the audience, "Our opponents are doing everything they can to push nonsense on the general public." In their final advice to attendees they stated "Spread out – Pay attention – Stop wasting your online time."
Farley was named one of the Top Skeptics of 2012 by the podcast The Skeptic's Guide to the Universe.
"David Mabus"
In August 2011, Farley played a role in the identification and apprehension of Dennis Markuze. Markuze, using the name David Mabus, was responsible for a campaign of online threats against skeptics and atheists for many years.
In June 2012, Markuze pleaded guilty "to uttering threats toward eight people" and received an 18-month suspended sentence. Farley, who had been threatened, stated for the Montreal Gazette that they believed Markuze had continued their threats against atheists right up to their sentencing. Markuze, through their attorney, denied it, but was soon re-arrested for violating conditions of their parole.
Markuze received a sentence in June 2015. It includes three years during which they are required to follow the treatment of a psychiatrist and take and prescribed medications.  They are also prohibited from communicating in any way with Farley.
James Randi Educational Foundation
Farley has been affiliated with the James Randi Educational Foundation for several years. They gave a presentation at The Amaz!ng Meeting 6 in July 2008 entitled "Building Internet Tools for Skeptics." Farley was a featured guest at The Amazing Meeting 7 in July 2009 where they led a workshop titled "Introduction to Skepticism & the Skeptic Web" and also presented a paper with Christian Walters titled "How Are We Doing? Attracting and Keeping Visitors to Skeptic Web Sites." They also gave a presentation and sat on a panel during The Amaz!ng Adventure 4 and gave another presentation on The Amaz!ng Adventure 5.
In June 2011, Farley was named a research fellow by the organization. They researched the information in the organization's Today in Skeptic History iPhone app and writes for JREF's blog. In February 2014, Farley's position as a JREF Fellow ended.
At TAM 2012, Farley's lectures focused on improving activism (and reducing slacktivism) in the skeptical movement. Their lectures included the workshop, The Future of Skepticism Online: Crowd-Sourced Activism and a panel Future of Skepticism with D. J. Grothe, Reed Esau, Barbara Drescher and Jamy Ian Swiss.
Podcasting & other media
Farley has been interviewed on the Skepticality podcast three times. As of Skepticality #123 they regularly appear on the program to present a short segment called A Few Minutes of Skeptic History. They have also appeared on the Skepchick podcast, Jeff Cutler's Bowl of Cheese, Skeptically Speaking on CJSR-FM, American Freethought, Nonsense Podcast, The Reality Check, Point of Inquiry, Take 5 on CIUT-FM, Skeptic Zone, Meet the Skeptics, the Norwegian podcast Saltklypa, Search Engine with Jesse Brown and WPRR's Reality Check.
References, footnotes and selected bibliography
External links
What's The Harm?
Skeptical Software Tools blog
Twitter feed
American skeptics
1962 births
American atheists
American men podcasters
American podcasters
People from Edison, New Jersey
Writers from New Brunswick, New Jersey
Living people
Channel 10 (legally known as SAETA TV Canal 10) is a Uruguayan free-to-air television channel based in Montevideo, founded in 1956 by Raul Fontaina as the first TV broadcaster in the country and the fourth in Latin America. SAETA ("Arrow") is a backronym for "Anonymous Society of Television Broadcasting and Appendants" (Sociedad Anónima Emisora de Televisión y Anexos). The channel is owned by Grupo Fontaina - De Feo.
Programming
Current
Original programming
Informativo Carve (radio news)
Subrayado (news)
Got Talent Uruguay (talent show)
Arriba gente (magazine)
La mañana en casa (magazine)
La tarde en casa (magazine)
Puglia invita (interviews)
Consentidas (interviews)
Vida y obra (interviews)
Día cero (documentaries)
La peluquería de don Mateo (entertainment)
Polémica en el bar (talk show)
Punto Penal (sports magazine)
Mejor con música (music)
¿Quién quiere ser millonario? (quiz show)
Got Talent Uruguay (talent show)
La Voz Uruguay (singing competition)
Acquired programming
Caso Cerrado (court show; Telemundo)
Blue Bloods (fiction; CBS)
CSI: Miami (fiction; CBS)
FBI (fiction; CBS)
The Mentalist (fiction; CBS)
Bir Zamanlar Çukurova / Tierra amarga (fiction; ATV)
Sefirin Kızı / La hija del embajador (fiction; Star TV)
Former
Original programming
Decalegrón (comedy)
MasterChef (talent show)
Pasapalabra (game show)
Escape perfecto (game show)
El juego del año (game show)
Salven el millón (game show)
Bien de bien (game show)
Bendita TV (entertainment)
Caleidoscopio (interviews)
Debate abierto (interviews)
Dicho y hecho (interviews)
Zona urbana (political)
Deporte total (sports magazine)
Charoná TV (children show)
Acquired programming
Ahora caigo (game show; Antena 3)
The Simpsons
İstanbullu Gelin / Sureya (fiction; Star TV)
Kadın / Coraje de mujer (fiction; Fox Turkey)
Kırgın Çiçekler / Flores de cristal (fiction; ATV)
Kızım / ¿Y tú quién eres? (fiction; TV8)
Meryem (fiction; Kanal D)
Antenna
Channel 10's transmitting antenna, measuring 187 meters in height, is called the Saeta tower. It was built and inaugurated some time after the channel moved to its current address. It stems from the idea and subsequent efforts of Milton Fontaina. Today it is the highest structure in Montevideo, and can be seen from many parts of the city. Over the past 5 years, Channel 12, of Uruguay, rent a portion of the antenna to transmit their programming.
Logo
In 1972, the channel adopted a new logo depicting the number 10 surrounded by a CRT shape, with the number 1 depicting an arrow, and the number 0 identical to the American network CBS Eye logo. A blue background was used with the advent of color television. In 1992, the central sphere of the 0 became colorized. In 2002, the arrow 1 was removed, and the Uruguayan flag was adopted as background. The logo was last modified in 2006, with the chromed contour removed and the background chanced back to blue.
Film
In the year 2006 the channel signed a contract with film companies: Warner Brothers, 20th Century Fox, Paramount and Dreamworks, to transmit the most recent releases of these film companies. These releases are already being cast in "Film Festival", a program that airs Monday at 9:00 pm. A person specializing in film on Channel 10 is Jackie Rodriguez Stratta, for many years in Saeta.
Competitions
It was the first channel to create a talent competition, in 1996, by virtue of its 40 years. Then Channel 4 did the same in 2004, and in 2006, celebrating its 50 years of new Channel 10 conducted a contest called CONTA, which was to create: series, novels, cartoons, etc., all of this for CONTA and Channel 10 . In 2007 premiered the first prize in the national fiction series: "Flat 8". The 5-Setiembre/2007 premiered another production CONTA called History Clinic. Cooking competition MasterChef was aired from 2017 to 2019, and Got Talent Uruguay debuted in 2020.
Sports Events
Channel 10 broadcasts live matches of FIFA tournaments and qualifiers in simulcast with Tenfield (vía VTV).
External links
Official Site of Channel 10
Television networks in Uruguay
Television stations in Uruguay
Television channels and stations established in 1956
1956 establishments in Uruguay
Mass media in Montevideo
Spanish-language websites
DMPE may refer to the chemicals:
1,2-Bis(dimethylphosphino)ethane.
Dimyristoylphosphatidylethanolamine.
Touch Me There is an album by L. Shankar, released in 1979 on Zappa Records. Shankar performed acoustic and 5-string Barcus Berry electric violin.
Production
The album was produced by Frank Zappa. They also served as the album's lyricist and who co-wrote, with Shankar, the music for the tracks "Dead Girls of London" and "No More Mr. Nice Girl." Shankar composed all the other music for the album and served as arranger and orchestrator.
"Dead Girls Of London" was originally intended to be sung by Van Morrison. They were signed to Warner Bros. Records, who Zappa was in a legal dispute with at the time. Zappa was unable to release the song with Morrison's vocals, so it was re-recorded by Zappa and Ike Willis. The original version later appeared on the compilation The Frank Zappa AAAFNRAAAAAM Birthday Bundle 2011.
Vicky Blumenthal provides the chorus on "Dead Girls Of London," "Knee-Deep In Heaters," and "No More Mr. Nice Girl," while Jenny Lautrec sings the lyrics to "Touch Me There," and Shankar themselves sings the lyrics to the album's final track, "Knee-Deep In Heaters."
"Dead Girls of London" was released as a 12" maxi single on September 24, 1979.
Release history
The album was released on Zappa Records in 1979, and was reissued on CD by Barking Pumpkin Records in 1992. It was released on iTunes in 2012.
The original album is credited to "L. Shankar", but on CD and iTunes, they are credited as "Shankar".
Reception
Allmusic writer Ken Dryden called the album "uneven but worthwhile".
Track listing
Original vinyl release
(Zappa Records, 1979)
Side One:
Dead Girls Of London (L. Shankar: Music, Frank Zappa: Lyrics, music) – 5:23
Windy Morning (Shankar: Music) – 3:57
Knee Deep in Heaters (Shankar: Music, F. Zappa: Lyrics) – 5:38
Little Stinker (Shankar: Music) – 3:20
Side Two:
Darlene (Shankar: Music) – 2:56
Touch Me There (Shankar: Music, F. Zappa: Lyrics) – 3:03
No More Mr. Nice Girl (Shankar, F. Zappa) – 8:16
Love Gone Away (Shankar: Music) – 3:33
CD reissue
(Barking Pumpkin Records, 1992)
Dead Girls Of London (L. Shankar: Music, Frank Zappa: Lyrics, music) – 5:23
Little Stinker (Shankar: Music) – 3:20
Touch Me There (Shankar: Music, F. Zappa: Lyrics) – 3:03
No More Mr. Nice Girl (Shankar, F. Zappa)– 8:16
Love Gone Away (Shankar: Music) – 3:33
Darlene (Shankar: Music) – 2:56
Windy Morning (Shankar: Music) – 3:57
Knee-Deep in Heaters (Shankar: Music, F. Zappa: Lyrics) – 5:38
Personnel
L. Shankar – Acoustic violin, 5 string Barcus Berry electric violins and string orchestra. Vocals on "Knee Deep in Heaters"
Phil Palmer - Mandolin, acoustic and electric guitars
Dave Marquee - Bass
Simon Phillips - Drums
James Lascelles - Fender rhodes, organ, acoustic piano, synthesizer
Jack Emblow - Accordion on "No More Mr. Nice Girl"
Stucco Homes (Frank Zappa) - Vocals on "Dead Girls of London"
Vicky Blumenthal - Chorus on "Dead Girls of London," "Knee Deep in Heaters," "No More Mr. Nice Girl"
Jenny Lautrec - Vocals on "Touch Me There"
Ike Willis - Vocals on "Dead Girls of London"
Production
L. Shankar - Basic arrangement for "Little Stinker," "Love Gone Away" and "Darlene". Recording arrangement and orchestration for "Love Gone Away"
Ron Frangipane - Basic arrangement except on "Little Stinker" and "Darlene." Recording arrangement and orchestration for "Love Gone Away"
Frank Zappa - Producer, recording arrangements and orchestration except on "Love Gone Away"
Geoff Young - Engineer
Peter Wooldiscroft - Tape Operator
Steve Nye - Engineer
Tim Cuthbertson - Tape Operator
Mick Glossop - Engineer
Alan Douglas - Tape Operator
Carol Friedman - Cover design & photography
Jonathan Pite - Photographer's assistant
Joseph D'Anna - Personal management
References
External links
L. Shankar - Touch Me There information
Lakshminarayana Shankar albums
1979 albums
Zappa Records albums
Albums produced by Frank Zappa
Behdasht (; also known as Behdast, Karmo, Karmu, Kermū, and Kirmu) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 165, in 53 families.
References
Populated places in Khomeyn County
The action of 10 August 1780 was a minor naval engagement that took place off Brest during the American Revolutionary War between a Royal Navy frigate and a French Navy frigate. This was the first engagement thought to involve the use of the carronade.
Events
Background
The 36-gun frigate under Captain William Williams was patrolling off Ushant not far from Brest on the afternoon of 10 August 1780. Flora, as well as their nominal armament also carried six recently-introduced 18-pounder carronades.
Through the haze they sighted two vessels, a square-rigged vessel and a cutter, about four miles away. As Flora approached, the cutter edged away, while the square-rigged vessel waited, accepted battle.
Action
When the two ships were within two cables length the French ship raised their colours and opened fire. Moving in, for over an hour the two frigates battered each other relentlessly; Flora being much cut up, moved closer in which the carronades were able to sweep the decks of the French ship with grapeshot. After another 15 minutes the French abandoned their guns and attempted to board, but Floras crew repulsed the attempt. An explosion of a box of cartridges aboard the Frenchman added further to the carnage. Floras crew then boarded the French vessel and within moments the French vessel struck. They proved to be the frigate La Nymphe, pierced for 40 guns, but mounting only 32, and commanded by the Chevalier Charles-Marie de Trolong du Rumain, who died that evening of their wounds with command being passed to Lieutenant Pennandref de Keranstret.
Aftermath
Floras guns were heavier, 18- and 9-pounders, against the French ship's 12- and 6-pounders. The effect of the new carronades on Flora is reflected in the number of casualties; 9 killed and 17 wounded on Flora out of a crew of 259, and 55 killed and 81 wounded aboard La Nymphe, from a crew of 291. Nymphe was transferred into the Royal Navy (as HMS Nymphe) the following March after repairs at Portsmouth Dockyard.
In the aftermath of La Nymphe being taken by Flora, the Navy Board quickly became enamoured of the carronade and the weapon's effectiveness in combat. As a result they were soon mounted on many Royal Navy ships.
References
Bibliography
Conflicts in 1780
10 August 1780
Military history of Brittany
1780 in France
10 August 1780
Teresita Joy De Leon-Viado (April 10, 1959 – September 10, 2016) was a Filipino character actor, singer, and comedian known for playing Lola Paula in Luv U, Bebot in Kokey @ Ako, and Aling Gloria in Cinco.
Early life
Viado was raised in Pasig. They began their career as part of the children's show Eskwelahang Munti, not until they won the grand prize in the Fe S. Panlilio Scholarship singing contest in 1994, signifying their start of their singing career. In mid 1990s, they became part of the hit children's show Ang TV. In 2000, they appeared and hosted IBC-13's noontime variety show, Lunch Break.
They acted in theater plays, horror, drama, romance and comedy films. They also appeared in several television shows, particularly from ABS-CBN.
Filmography
Film
Television
Death
Viado died on September 10, 2016 at Quezon City General Hospital following a heart attack. They were diagnosed with diabetes for almost three decades, and underwent four debridement surgeries to remove the wounds that they are suffering on their legs due to diabetes complications and to save them from possible amputation.
References
External links
1959 births
2016 deaths
People from Manila
Filipino television actores
Filipino television personalities
Filipino film actores
Filipino women comedians
Deaths from diabetes
20th-century Filipino actores
21st-century Filipino actores
Engageantes are false sleeves worn with women's clothing. They were worn during the 18th and 19th centuries, with a brief revival in the 20th century.
In the 18th century, engageantes took the form of ruffles or flounces of linen, cotton, or lace, tacked to the elbow-length sleeves then fashionable.
In the mid-19th century, the term engageante was used for separate false sleeves, usually with fullness gathered tight at the wrist, worn under the open bell-shaped "pagoda" sleeves of day dresses. The fashion reappeared briefly just after the turn of the 20th century.
External links
Glossary of 18th century dress terms
18th Century Women's Engageantes
Fashion in the Edwardian Era
History of clothing (Western fashion)
18th-century fashion
19th-century fashion
1900s fashion
1910s fashion
The Broadway cast recording of the musical My Fair Lady was released as an album by Columbia Records on the Masterworks label on April 2, 1956. The songs were composed by Frederick Loewe with lyrics by Alan Jay Lerner and conducted by Franz Allers, while the cast included stars Rex Harrison and Julie Andrews. The album became a massive seller, topping the charts on the US Billboard 200 for fifteen weeks at different times in 1956 (eight consecutive weeks), 1957, 1958 and 1959. It was the first LP record to sell 1 million copies. In the UK, upon its release in 1958, the album reached No.1 for 19 consecutive weeks and became the biggest-selling album of the year. Columbia's President, Goddard Lieberson provided the $375,000 needed to stage the show in return for the rights to the Cast recording.Columbia first reissued the album on compact disc in 1988 and it has been reissued a number of times since. It is currently available with bonus tracks.
The original cast recording had the (currently in 2018) 5th longest run ever for any album in the Billboard 200 charts with 480 weeks.
The leads of the Broadway cast re-recorded their parts for the London cast recording, which was made in stereo in 1959.
Track listing
Chart positions
returned to number 1 on Billboard 200 at different times during 1957, 1958 and 1959.
References
Cast recordings
Columbia Records albums
1956 albums
United States National Recording Registry recordings
Various artists albums
Albums recorded at CBS 30th Street Studio
Rabbi Yaakov Glasman is a rabbi and communal leader in the Jewish community of Melbourne, Australia.
Rabbinic career
Glasman was a pulpit rabbi at the North Eastern Jewish Centre before taking up the role at St. Kilda Hebrew Congregation, one of Australia's oldest and largest congregations, replacing Rabbi Philip Heilbrunn.
They served as the president of the Rabbinical Council of Victoria (RCV) from 2009-2012 and has been a leading voice on interfaith dialogue. They oversaw the RCV's guide to multi-faith interactions and presented the first copy to Victorian Premier Ted Baillieu in August 2011. In March 2020 they joined a group of Jewish communal leaders to visit Melbourne's Lysterfield Mosque on the first anniversary of the Christchurch massacre and in May 2019 Glasman joined Catholic Archbishop Peter Comensoli as joint keynote speakers at a Catholic-Jewish friendship dinner. In November 2011 the Rabbinical Council of Victoria produced a set of guidelines enabling religious volunteers to protect communal institutions on the Sabbath and Jewish festivals in accordance with Jewish Law, a project which followed years of in-depth research and consultation with overseas Jewish legal experts and Melbourne's Community Security Group. In 2010 the RCV was criticized by the Jewish Community Council of Victoria for attending a meeting on counterterrorism with the then federal Attorney-General Robert McClelland. However, Glasman defended the RCV's attendance saying their organisation was one of a number of faith groups invited by the attorney general to contribute and as an invited guest, the RCV had every right to attend.
Glasman has also been an active campaigner against violence against women and was a White Ribbon Ambassador until the White Ribbon organisation closed its doors and campaigned against alcohol abuse within the Jewish community especially during the Jewish community's religious festivals. When the Organization of Rabbis of Australia (ORA) was closed due to the revelations of the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, Glasman was elected to be the second president of its replacement entity the Rabbinical Council of Australia and New Zealand (RCANZ) following Rabbi Paul Lewin, who served for one year. They held this position until they handed the role over to Rabbi Moshe Gutnick.
Glasman was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for "significant service to Judaism and interfaith dialogue, to rabbinical bodies, and to the community" in the 2021 Queen's Birthday Honours.
Positions
During the Marriage Equality Plebiscite in 2017, while still president of the RCANZ, Glasman took a stand against the RCV who had released a statement saying that all Jews should vote against the proposal. Glasman said that the RCV should not be telling people how to vote on divisive issues. In response to Glasman's statement, Rabbi Chaim Cowen, one of the authors of the statement, resigned from the RCANZ. However, Glasman did support allowing "religious institutions to select employees who adhere to religious values [of that school]".
During the Royal commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse, Glasman took a consistent stance on the historic wrongs of the covering up of abuse, and was forceful in their view that under Jewish law any knowledge of abuse must be taken to police. Glasman dismissed some of the troubling findings from the Royal Commission as a fringe group within the rabbinic community. One of these claims included they did not know as a fact that it was against the law for an adult to touch the genitals of a minor. Glasman claimed that the rabbinic community had distanced themselves from such claims, and that they were disturbed by them.
Glasman joined the rabbinic community in opposing the proposed Voluntary Assisted Dying legislation in Victoria. Glasman said "halakha views human life as sacred and its worth is not measured by varying levels of quality of life. With regard to end-of-life decisions, halakha clearly and categorically prohibits the performance of any act that shortens a patient's life."
In 2018, Glasman became the first Jewish religious leader in Australia to present at Tedx Melbourne.
References
Australian rabbis
Australian Orthodox rabbis
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Members of the Order of Australia
The Sunshine Millions Classic is an American race for thoroughbred horses held annually in January at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California and at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida. Part of the eight-race Sunshine Millions series, half of the races are run at one track, and half at the other.
The "Classic" is open to horse four-years-old and older willing to race one and one-eighth miles on the dirt. It is a restricted event currently offering a purse of $250,000.
The Sunshine Millions series races are restricted to horses bred either in Florida or in California.
The racing series was created by the Thoroughbred Owners of California, the California Thoroughbred Breeders Association, the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders' and Owners' Association, Inc., Santa Anita Park, Gulfstream Park, and Magna Entertainment Corporation.
Records
Speed record:
miles – 1:45.64 – Go Between (2008)
Most wins by a horse:
2 – Mucho Macho Man (2012, 2014)
Most wins by a jockey:
3 – Russell Baze (2009, 2011 & 2012)
Most wins by a trainer:
2 – Jenine Sahadi (2001 & 2002)
2 – Jerry Hollendorfer (2007 & 2012)
2 – Katherine Ritvo (2012 & 2014)
Winners Sunshine Millions Classic since 2003
References
Sunshine Millions Classic at the NTRA
Restricted stakes races in the United States
Horse races in Florida
Horse races in California
Open mile category horse races
Sports in Los Angeles County, California
Augustus Jay (October 17, 1850 – December 25, 1919) was an American diplomat and member of the prominent Jay family.
Early life
Jay was born on October 17, 1850 in Washington, D.C. They were the only child of Peter Augustus Jay and Josephine (née Pearson) Jay (1829–1852). Their mother died on January 3, 1852, at just twenty-two years old. After their death, their father committed to their sole care before their death three years later on October 31, 1855 in New York City. Their paternal grandfather was Peter Augustus Jay, a member of the New York State Assembly and Recorder of New York City, and grandson of John Jay, Founding Father and first United States Chief Justice.
Jay graduated from Harvard College in 1871 and from Columbia Law School in 1876.
Career
Although admitted to the New York bar, Jay never practiced law, instead they entered the diplomatic service. From 1885 to 1893, they were Secretary of the American Legation in Paris. On their retirement as Secretary of the American Legation in Paris, the French Government made them an officer of the Legion of Honor.
After they returned from France, they spent much time in Newport, Rhode Island where Jay was one of the most prominent New York residents. In Newport, they were a stockholder of the Newport Reading Room and a member of the Newport Fishing Club. They owned Oakwold, located at 65 Old Beach Road, and designed in 1883 by architect Clarence Sumner Luce (designer of the Holyoke Opera House, Wistariahurst, and the James Henry Van Alen house).
Personal life
On October 3, 1876, Jay was married to Emily Astor Kane (1854–1932), a daughter of DeLancey Kane and Louisa Dorothea (née Langdon) Kane. Emily, a descendant of John Jacob Astor, was the sister of DeLancey Astor Kane, Commodore S. Nicholson Kane, John Innes Kane, Sybil Kent Kane, and Rough Rider Woodbury Kane, all cousins of John Jacob Astor IV. Together, Augustus and Emily were the parents of:
Peter Augustus Jay (1877–1933), also a diplomat who served as U.S. General Consul to Egypt, U.S. Minister to El Salvador and Romania and U.S. Ambassador to Argentina. They married Susan Alexander McCook, a daughter of Civil War officer and attorney John James McCook (and a granddaughter of Daniel McCook of the "Fighting McCooks").
DeLancey Kane Jay (1881–1941), who married Elizabeth Sarah Morgan (1889–1975), a granddaughter of U.S. Senator and Governor Edwin D. Morgan, in 1910.
They were a member of the Knickerbocker Club, Union Club, and University Club of New York.
Jay died of heart disease on Christmas Day 1919, at their home, 960 Park Avenue in Manhattan. After a funeral at Trinity Church, they were buried in the John Jay Cemetery in Rye like their father before him. Their widow left an estate valued at $450,000 upon their death.
Descendants
Through their eldest son Peter, they were a grandfather of Emily Kane Jay (1911–1926) and Susan Mary Alsop (1918–2004).
Through their second son DeLancey, they were a grandfather of six: Elizabeth Morgan (née Jay) Etnier Hollins (1911–1991), Peter Jay (1913–2000), Sybil Kane (née Jay) Waldron (1914–1997), Theodora Moran (née Jay) Stillman Rahv (1918–1968), Augusta (née Jay) Huffman (1921–2000), and Katharine Archer Morgan (née Jay) Bacon (1928–2013).
References
Notes
Sources
External links
1850 births
1919 deaths
American diplomats
Harvard University alumni
Columbia University alumni
Jay family
Franklin Sands (born July 12, 1940) is a former member of the Florida House of Representatives.
Sands was born in Brooklyn, New York and attended Brooklyn College, studying the culinary arts. After college, Sands bought a mail-order jewelry company, which they operated successfully. Upon selling the company, they invested in a minor league basketball franchise as well as in hotels and a casino before moving to Florida with their family in 1982.
Sands, currently a business person, lives in Weston, Florida. They were elected to the Florida House of Representatives to represent District 98 (encompassing parts of Broward County, Florida (portions of the cities of Sunrise, Plantation, and Weston) in 2004 and subsequently reelected in 2006, 2008, and 2010.
Sands served as the (minority) Democratic Whip from 2004 to 2006 and served as the Democratic Leader until 2010. Sands lost much of their life savings in the Madoff investment scandal.
After serving the maximum 8 years in the Florida House, Sands ran for the Broward County School Board and was defeated by Donna Korn.
Sands is a prominent advocate for biomedical research, especially embryonic stem cell research. They serve on the Broward County Children's Services Board; the Broward County Coordinating Board for Transportation Disadvantaged Services; the Broward County School Board's Facilities Task Force; and the City of Weston's Charter Review Board.
Sands is Jewish and is married to Leslie Sands. The couple have eight children—Rob, Roger, Stephanie, David, Dana, Charlie, Alexander, and Jacqueline.
Sources
Florida House Democratic Caucus Web Site
Florida House of Representatives Profile
References
Florida Democrats
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
1940 births
Living people
People from Weston, Florida
Brooklyn College alumni
The Cordillera ground warbler (Robsonius rabori), also known as Rabor's wren-babbler or the Luzon wren-babbler, is a species of bird currently placed in the family Locustellidae. It is endemic to the Philippines, where it is found in northwest Luzon in the foothills of the Cordillera Mountain Range. Some taxonomists continue to list the species in the Timaliidae, others in the Pellorneidae.
Its natural habitat is tropical moist lowland forests.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
Description and Taxonomy
The Cordillera ground warbler has a length of . It has rather notable long legs and a long bill and feet. Its feathers are tipped dusky brown and it has a rusty-chestnut head with a thin whitish eye-ring with a small area of bare gray skin behind the eye. Its throat is white with black tips on the sides. The breast is a medium neutral gray with a distinct grayish triangular pattern, with feather shafts slightly paler, and a white belly. It also has chestnut to dark brown wings with each feather tucked in so that they appear mostly chestnut when folded. It has brown upperparts with two dotted white wingbars. The bird sings very high-pitched songs with the sound of tseeee sip tseeee!, which often last between approximately 1.6 and 2.2 seconds.
It is differentiated from the Bicol ground warbler and Sierra Madre ground warbler by the grayish triangular markings on its belly.
The Cordillera ground warbler was described by the Canadian zoologist Austin L. Rand in 1960 and given the binomial name Napothera rabori. The specific epithet
was chosen to honour Dioscoro S. Rabor who had collected the type specimen on the Philippine island of Luzon.
Ground warblers were first discovered in 1959 by an expedition team headed by Dioscoro S. Rabor. They conducted walking surveys of 2,000 meters each and recorded all of the bird calls they observed. There were initially two varieties discovered, now called the Cordillera ground warbler (Robsonius rabori) and the Bicol ground warbler (Robsonius sorsogonensis). The latter was first observed in 1961. The physical distinctions between them are mainly different coloration and geographic range. Originally, they had been classified as a member of the genus Nathopera because it was believed they were closely related to southeast Asian Napothera babblers. They were later lumped into the same species, but afterwards morphological evidence, behavioral observations, and the phylogeny of these birds led to their reclassification into a different genus, Robsonius, within the family Timaliidae. In 2013, a new species was discovered: the Sierra Madre ground warbler (Robsonius thompsoni). There are two other subspecies of the ground warbler: mesoluzonica and another from the Camarines Sur.
Behaviour and ecology
Breeding
Very little is known about the Cordillera ground warblers breeding method. The nest is mostly found on rock cliffs, and made of wet sticks, branches and leaves. The nest is dome-shaped and has an entrance way. The dome is held up by twigs attached to the rock and mud that surrounds it.
Food and feeding
The diet of the Cordillera ground warbler is primarily invertebrates; it has been sighted scouring forest floors for prey hidden under leaves.
Habitat and Conservation Status
The Cordillera ground warbler is found in the Luzon Island complex. They are found in northwest Luzon in the Cordillera Mountain Range. It is found in lowland moist dipterocarp forest, in primary forest, secondary forest and forest edge up to 500 m. It is typically found on the forest floor among limestone outcrops, bamboo and mossy rocks.
IUCN has assessed this bird as vulnerable with the population being estimated at 2,500 to 9,999 mature individuals. Among the three Robsonius ground-warblers, the Cordilera ground-warbler is the most endangered owing to having the smallest range. This species' main threat is habitat loss due to wholesale clearance of forest habitats as a result of logging, agricultural conversion and mining activities occurring within the range.
This species is currently being protected within the Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park and Kalbario–Patapat Natural Park; however, like most areas in the Philippines protection is lax. Proposals to monitor the species further have been made, and to obtain information about how it can further be protected; however, no other efforts have occurred.
Conservation actions proposed include assessing the population size and establishing a monitoring programme to quantify trends; establishing its ability to persist in degraded habitats; identifying and assessing threats; and ensuring that the Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park and Kalbario–Patapat Natural Park are more effectively protected.
References
BirdLife International 2013. Robsonius rabori. 2013 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. Downloaded on 1 January 2014.
Collar, N. J. & Robson, C. 2007. Family Timaliidae (Babblers) pp. 70 – 291 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
Hosner, Peter A., Nikki C. Boggess, Phillip Alviola, Luis A. Sánchez-González, Carl H. Oliveros, Rolly Urriza, and Robert G. Moyle. "Phylogeography of TheGround-Warblers (Passeriformes: Locustellidae) Reveals an Undescribed Species from Northeastern Luzon, Philippines." The Condor 115.3 (2013): 630–39.
Sánchez-González, Luis A., et al. "Nests, Nest Placement, And Eggs Of Three Philippine Endemic Birds." Wilson Journal of Ornithology 122.3 (2010): 587–591. Academic Search Premier. Web. 23 October 2014.
Cordillera ground warbler
Birds of Luzon
Cordillera ground warbler
Taxa named by Austin L. Rand
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Generations is an American soap opera that aired on NBC from March 27, 1989, to January 25, 1991. The show was groundbreaking in that it was the first soap opera to feature from its inception an African-American family.
Premise
This half-hour serial was promoted as television's first fully integrated daytime soap. It focused on the relationship between two Chicago families: the Whitmores and the Marshalls. Their association began several decades ago when Vivian Potter was housekeeper and nanny for Rebecca Whitmore and their three children: Laura (Gail Ramsey), Stephanie (nicknamed Sam) (Kelly Rutherford), and J.D. Vivian's young daughter, Ruth (Joan Pringle) lived with them in the Whitmore mansion.
When Ruth grew up, they married Henry Marshall (Taurean Blacque, James Reynolds), who owned and operated five moderately successful ice cream parlors. With Ruth's urging, Henry enlisted the help of business mogul Martin Jackson (Rick Fitts), who marketed Marshall's ice cream nationwide. The move proved so successful that Ruth was able to buy the Whitmore mansion. Ruth and Henry had three children, Chantal (Sharon Brown, Debbi Morgan), a lawyer, Jacquelyn Marshall Rhymes, a homemaker and mother, and Adam (Kristoff St. John), a junior executive with the Hale Hotel chain. Living with the Marshalls was Ruth's mother, Vivian (Lynn Hamilton). Sam, Monique and Adam were all childhood friends who grew up together.
Like Ruth Marshall, Rebecca Whitmore (Pat Crowley; Dorothy Lyman) also had a challenging past to overcome. Unknown to Rebecca, their ex-husband Peter (Ron Harper) stole their inheritance, and abandoned them Determined to move forward with their life, a middle-aged Rebecca enrolled in law school and succeeded in becoming one of the nation's leading attorneys. When the serial premiered, their daughter Laura was married to advertising executive Trevor McCallum. Realizing that Trevor was cheating on her, Laura ended the marriage. They had an adult daughter, Monique (Nancy Sorel).
Although Rebecca was saddened by the break-up of their oldest daughter's marriage, they were happy to see their granddaughter, Monique, marry photographer Jason Craig. Soon after their marriage, Jason inherited a multimillion dollar fortune, making them a murder target for their mother's crazy aunt, Mary Gardner. Monique's aunt, Sam accepted a position as model and spokesperson for the upscale Hale Hotel chain after leaving college. Sam was a seductive, slightly promiscuous young woman initially, and was having an affair with one of their college professors, Rob Donnelly (George Deloy). As time went on however, Sam matured into a warmer, more responsible person and became one of the show's most popular characters. Sam's boss, the dastardly Jordan Hale, expressed an interest in Sam that went beyond business. Police detective Kyle Masters (Robert Torti) was also wildly attracted to Sam.
Doreen Jackson (Jonelle Allen), a recovering drug addict, was married to Martin Jackson. Following a brief fling with Adam Marshall, Doreen found themselves pregnant. Before their daughter, Danielle, was born, the relationship died. When they discovered the affair, a vengeful Martin tried to destroy Adam's life, but Doreen gathered damning evidence against Martin and their numerous ruthless business dealings over the years and threatened to expose them if they ever tried to harm Adam again. They would eventually use that information to help Henry and Ruth drive Martin out of the country when they tried to take over Marshall's Ice Cream. Martin kidnapped Danielle, attempting to flee with her, but Adam and Sam stopped them and they were forced to leave without them to save himself. However, Martin had a videotape of them revealing Danielle'a true parentage sent to the Marshalls shortly afterward. The family was shocked over the revelation and Ruth, furious at being deceived, cut Doreen out of their life, devastating them The rest of the family urged Ruth to forgive Doreen, reminding them that destroying their friendship with them was giving Martin exactly what they wanted. After an emotional conversation with Doreen, Ruth realized just how difficult it had been for them to keep Danielle's secret for so long and they reconciled. Doreen next took up with their doctor, Daniel Reubens (Richard Roundtree). They resurfaced in Chicago in 1990 with their daughter, Maya Davis – alias Diana Reubens (Vivica A. Fox) – after falsely being accused of killing their wife.
Original cast
Marla Adams (Helen Mullin)
Anthony Addabbo (Jason Craig)
Jonelle Allen (Doreen Jackson)
Jack Betts (Hugh Gardner)
Taurean Blacque/James Reynolds (Henry Marshall)
Sharon Brown/Debbi Morgan (Chantal Marshall)
Patricia Crowley/Dorothy Lyman (Rebecca Whitmore)
George Deloy (Rob Donnelly)
Elinor Donahue (Sylvia Furth)
Rick Fitts (Martin Jackson)
Vivica A. Fox (Maya Reubens)
Bruce Gray (Phillip Webb)
Lynn Hamilton (Vivian Potter)
Ron Harper (Peter Whitmore)
Andrew Masset (Trevor McCallum)
Joan Pringle (Ruth Marshall)
Gail Ramsey (Laura McCallum)
Barbara Rhoades/Linda Gibboney (Jessica Gardner)
Richard Roundtree (Dr. Daniel Ruebens)
Kelly Rutherford (Stephanie "Sam" Whitmore)
George Shannon /Robert Gentry (Jordan Hale)
Nancy Sorel (Monique McCallum)
Kristoff St. John (Adam Marshall)
Robert Torti (Lt. Kyle Masters)
Joseph Whipp (Charles Mullin)
Production
Sally Sussman Morina served as creator and executive producer. Directors included Casey Childs, Michael Eilbaum, and Maria Wagner. The series was written by Sally Sussman Morina and Michelle Val Jean.
Ratings
1988–89 season: 2.7 rating (Ranking: #12 out of 13 soap operas)
1989–90 season: 2.6 rating (Ranking: #12 out of 12 soap operas)
1990–91 season: 2.4 rating (Ranking: #12 out of 12 soap operas)
Final week ratings (January 21-25, 1991): 2.7 rating/8 share (12th out of 12), against Loving (3.2 rating/10 share, 11th) and The Young and the Restless (8.4 rating/26 share, 1st)
Awards
1990 Soap Opera Digest Awards for Outstanding Daytime Serial Nomination
1990 Creative Arts Emmy Award for Outstanding Graphics and Title Design Win
1990 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series (Kristoff St. John) Nomination
1990 Creative Arts Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Art Direction/Set Decoration/Scenic Design for a Drama Series Nomination
1990 Creative Arts Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Hairstyling for a Drama Series Nomination
1990 Creative Arts Emmy Award for Outstanding Achievement in Technical Direction/Electronic Camera/Video Control for a Drama Series Nomination
1990 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Daytime Serial Nomination
1991 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series (James Reynolds) Nomination
1991 Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Younger Actor in a Drama Series (Kristoff St. John) Nomination
1991 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Daytime Soap Nomination
1991 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Heroine: Daytime (Kelly Rutherford) Nomination
1991 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Male Newcomer: Daytime (Robert Torti) Nomination
1991 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor: Daytime (Richard Roundtree) Nomination
1991 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress: Daytime (Joan Pringle) Nomination
1992 Soap Opera Digest Award for Best Love Story: Daytime or Prime Time Kyle and Sam Nomination
1992 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Daytime Serial Nomination
1992 Soap Opera Digest Award for Outstanding Villain: Daytime (Robert Gentry) Nomination
References
External links
1989 American television series debuts
1991 American television series endings
1980s American drama television series
1990s American drama television series
American television soap operas
English-language television shows
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
Television shows set in Chicago
NBC network soap operas
Mian Band (, also Romanized as Mīān Band) is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 164, in 39 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Rod Taylor (born 2 March 1957, in Kingston, Jamaica), also known as Rocky T, is a reggae singer and producer.
Biography
After forming a short-lived group called The Aliens with Barry Brown and Johnny Lee, Taylor recorded their first single, "Bad Man Comes and Goes" in 1975 for Ossie Hibbert. They gained exposure as part of Bertram Brown's Freedom Sounds collective (along with other reggae artists such as Prince Alla and Earl Zero), releasing the hit single "Ethiopian Kings", which led to work with Mikey Dread. They subsequently worked with a variety of producers in the late 1970s and early 1980s including Prince Far I, Ossie Hibbert, Prince Hammer, and Nigger Kojak.
Taylor's debut album, If Jah Should Come Now, was issued in 1979, with Where Is Your Love Mankind following in 1980. After a few quiet years, Taylor re-emerged in the late 1980s with the One In a Million album, with further releases following into the 2000s.
Rod Taylor is still performing with sound systems or bands, especially with the French Band Positive Roots Band.
Albums
If Jah Should Come Now (1980) Belva Sounds/Daddy Kool/Little Luke
Where Is Your Love Mankind (1980) Greensleeves
One In a Million (1989) Sonic Sounds
Lonely Girl (1990) King Culture
Liberate (1993) Word Sound & Power
Tell Dem (1999) Word Sound & Power
Ethiopian Kings (1999) Patate
Blackman History (2000) Mellow Sound
Shining Bright (2002) Jah Warrior
Trust In Jah (2003) Cousins
The Prophet Rise Again Corner Stone
Garden of Eden (2007) Belleville
Hold On Strong (2009) Nagona Music Records
Stop & Look (2009) Sip A Cup
References
External links
Rod Taylor at Roots Archives
Rod Taylor discography at Rootsdub
1957 births
Jamaican reggae musicians
Jamaican record producers
Living people
Musicians from Kingston, Jamaica
Greensleeves Records artists
Daniel Morris (January 4, 1812 – April 22, 1889) was a U.S. Representative from New York during the American Civil War.
Biography
Morris was born in Fayette, New York on January 4, 1812. They attended the public schools and the Canandaigua Academy in Ontario County, New York. Morris farmed and taught school before deciding on a legal career. They studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1845 and commenced practice in Penn Yan, New York.
Morris was active in politics as a Free Soil (anti-slavery) Democrat, and served as District Attorney of Yates County from 1847 to 1850. They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Yates Co.) in 1859.
Morris became a Republican when the party was founded in the 1850s, and served as chairperson of the party in Yates County. At the start of the American Civil War they joined with pro-Union Democrats to organize unity rallies and recruiting drives.
They were elected as a to the Thirty-eighth and Thirty-ninth Congresses (March 4, 1863 – March 3, 1867). They were not a candidate for reelection in 1866, and resumed the practice of law.
They died in Penn Yan, New York on April 22, 1889, and was interred in Lake View Cemetery.
References
Retrieved on 2009-04-07
1812 births
1889 deaths
People from Fayette, New York
New York (state) lawyers
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
People from Penn Yan, New York
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from New York (state)
Burials at Lake View Cemetery (Penn Yan, New York)
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Stung Treng municipality () is a municipality located in Stung Treng province, in north-east Cambodia. According to the 2019 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 37,103. The provincial capital Stung Treng town is located within the municipality.
Administration
The following table shows the villages of Stung Treng municipality by commune.
References
Districts of Stung Treng province
Zif () is a Palestinian village located south of Hebron. The village is in the Hebron Governorate in the southern West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Zif had a population of 848 in 2007. The primary health care facilities in the village itself are designated by the Ministry of Health as level 1 and at nearby Yatta as level 3.
History
Iron Age
Zif is identified with the biblical town of Ziph. It appears several times in the Hebrew Bible as a town in the vicinity of Hebron that belongs to Tribe of Judah (). The nearby "Wilderness of Ziph" is mentioned as a place where David hides themselves from Saul (). Later, the town of Ziph is said to be fortified by Rehoboam (). Its name was found on a number of royal Judahite LMLK seals along with those of Hebron, Socoh and MMST.
Iron Age remains were found in the nearby tell.
Classical Era
Zif existed as a village in the Roman era. It had a Jewish population until at least the 4th century, but it became Christian during the Byzantine period.
The remains of a Byzantine-era Christian communal church have been discovered at Zif. Pot sherds from the Byzantine era have also been found here.
Ottoman Era
In 1838 Edward Robinson was the first to identify the village Zif and its adjacent Tell Zif with the biblical town of Ziph.
In 1863 Victor Guérin visited and described the ruins.
In 1874 surveyors from the PEF Survey of Palestine visited, and noted about Tell ez Zif: "A large mound, partly natural; on the north side a quarry; on the south are tombs. One of these has a single chamber, with a broad bench running round; on the back wall are three kokim with arched roofs, the arches pointed on the left side wall; at the back is another similar koka. A second tomb was a chamber, 8 feet to the back, 9 feet wide, with three recesses, one on each side, one at the back; they are merely shelves, 8 feet by 5 feet, raised some 2 feet. This tomb has a porch in front, supported by two square rock-cut piers.
Zif Today
Zif has been under Israeli occupation since 1967.
In September 2002, a bomb filled with screws and nails, planted by Jewish settlers, exploded in the village's school, wounding five children. A second bomb was found by the school's principal and was detonated by Israeli bomb experts.
References
Bibliography
(p. 315)
(p. 408)
External links
Zif Village | قرية زيف on Facebook
Zif Village (Fact Sheet), Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem, ARIJ
Zif Village Profile, ARIJ
Zif aerial photo, ARIJ
The priorities and needs for development in Zif village based on the community and local authorities' assessment, ARIJ
Survey of Western Palestine, Map 21: IAA, Wikimedia commons
Villages in the West Bank
Hebron Governorate
Ancient Jewish settlements of Judaea
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
Biblical archaeology
The Bridges Act 1670 (22 Car 2 c 12) was an Act of the Parliament of England.
The whole Act was repealed by section 1(1) of, and Part VI of Schedule 1 to, the Statute Law (Repeals) Act 1973.
See also
Bridges Act
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
Acts of the Parliament of England
1670 in law
1670 in England
Bridges in England
The 13th South American Youth Championships in Athletics were held in Asunción, Paraguay from October 18–20, 1996.
Medal summary
Medal winners are published for boys and girls. Complete results can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website.
Men
Women
Medal table (unofficial)
Participation (unofficial)
Detailed result lists can be found on the "World Junior Athletics History" website. An unofficial count yields the number of about 268 athletes from about 10 countries:
(49)
(14)
(57)
(45)
(21)
(11)
(26)
Peru (9)
(28)
(8)
References
External links
World Junior Athletics History
South American U18 Championships in Athletics
1996 in Paraguayan sport
South American U18 Championships
International athletics competitions hosted by Paraguay
1996 in youth sport
Sports competitions in Asunción
October 1996 sports events in South America
1990s in Asunción
Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School or Old Colony Regional Vocational Technical High School District is located on an 80-acre campus in Rochester, Massachusetts, United States, the geographical center of the five-member town school district that includes Acushnet, Carver, Mattapoisett, Rochester and students from Freetown & Lakeville Public Schools. Note that Lakeville is a member town while, Freetown is not and its students served are limited to around 90. Old Colony is affectionately known as OC, Old Colony Regional, Old Colony RVTHS, OCRVTH, & OCRVTHS. Old Colony is fully accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges, as well as the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education. Old Colony is a "Full Time" Vocational-Technical High School. So Old Colony has an academic department (see below).
Administrative staff
Old Colony is its own district thus having a superintendent onsite, Mr. Aaron Polansky (Mr. Polansky's title is Superintendent-Director), replacing former superintendent Mr. Frank Cote. OC has one principal, and according to the school's website, Mr. J. Michael Parker has been named as the new principal, replacing former principal Mrs. Karen Guenette. The school also has a Dean of Students, Mr. Gary Linehan The school has a Special Services Coordinator, Ms. Krystla Fay. The school also has a CTE Director, Mrs. Bethany Botelho, replacing former CTE Director Ms. Jackie Machamer.
Post Old Colony
Graduates receive a high school diploma and a certificate of proficiency in their technical area of study.
Old Colony's four-year program of studies allows students to directly enter the job market as skilled workers or to continue their education at any college, university, or technical school. Their Tech/Prep Program guarantees admission to Bristol Community College after completing the two-year courses at Old Colony. Also, college credit can be awarded for technical training received at Old Colony from Wentworth Institute, New England Institute of Technology, and Johnson & Wales University.
Transportation to Old Colony
Member towns
Old Colony Students from Acushnet, Carver, Mattapoisett, Lakeville, and Rochester take buses provided by Old Colony who contracts First Student
Non-member town
Freetown is not a member of the district thus they do not take buses provided by OC. Those students, in the morning, take a bus from Apponequet Regional and then transfer to a bus at Apponequet that takes them to Old Colony.
In the afternoon, these students take a bus from Old Colony and the buses run on a limited Apponequet route. Buses for Freetown are provided by Freetown-Lakeville who contract First Student.
After school late bus
On days students can stay after, Tuesdays (if funded) and Thursdays, and take a "late bus" home. The late bus is only offered to member towns. Freetown students can stay but they must get a ride home.
Vocational-technical programs
Old Colony offers thirteen vocational-technical programs. All programs fall under Massachusetts General Law (M.G.L.) Chapter 74. These programs are commonly referred to as "Shops".
Automotive Technology
Business Technology
Computer Science
Cosmetology (Often Abbreviated to Cosmo)
Culinary Arts
Computer Aided Design Drafting (Often Abbreviated to CAD Drafting or CADD)
Electrical
Electronics
Health Careers (Often Abbreviated to Health)
House and Mill Carpentry (Often Abbreviated to Carpentry)
Machine and Tool Technology
Graphic Communication and Design (Often Abbreviated to Graphics)
Welding/Metal Fabrication (Often Abbreviated to Welding)
Related class
During the academic cycle, students have a related class. Sophomores have only one period of related every day, while juniors and seniors have two periods of related every day. This class teaches students curriculum that can not always be taught in shop. Starting in the 2013–14 school year freshmen and sophomores in the 2014–15 school year will have related one period out of their shop class. (It is currently unknown if that will be followed in the future for their full high school career.)
Exploratory program
The Old Colony Shop Exploratory Program freshmen students "explore" 8 six shops, five of their choosing and 3 chosen by the guidance department in most cases. Students explore shop related classes, during academic cycles, and shop classes, during shop cycle. Students partake in this program during the first trimester, (and into the second for the last two) of the school year and then are assigned their shop. Students will learn how competitive the work force can be because most shops can be very competitive. Students also partake in a course about OSHA, Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, the EPA, and procedures at Old Colony which takes place one day a week during related weeks. The students take a test on their last related week in related class.
Academics
As Old Colony RVTHS is "full-time" school so they have an academic department. Old Colony currently (2012-2013 school year) has 21 academic staff members (22 including the Librarian). They each fall under a sub-category. (All courses listed below are based on the 2017-2018 school year)
English
The department facilitates:
Proficiency in reading and writing skills
Computer literacy skills
Researching capabilities in accordance with the latest MLA and electronic documentation criteria
Oral presentation and public speaking experience
Literary exposure through classic and contemporary genres
MCAS preparation
Components for professional career and/or college portfolios
English courses are offered in honors and college prep for grades 9-12.
Math
The Mathematics Department implements curriculum aligned with the Massachusetts Mathematics Curriculum Frameworks. The department uses a variety of instructional methods to meet the needs of all learners and to develop an understanding and appreciation of mathematics, especially as it applies to vocational areas. The curriculum prepares students for both the workforce and post-secondary education. As an extra-curricular activity, Old Colony has a Math Team that enters into math competitions.
Physical Education
This department offers Health and Physical Education classes.
Sports
Old Colony has numerous varsity sports available for all students to play throughout the school year. Old Colony plays in the Mayflower Athletic Conference and are part of the small division. The school's athletic director is Mr. Matt Trahan.
The sports offered are:
Fall:
Boys Soccer
Cheerleading
Cross Country (Co-ed)
Football
Girls Soccer
Girls Volleyball
Golf
Winter:
Boys Basketball
Girls Basketball
Cheerleading
Ice Hockey
Spring:
Baseball
Boys Lacrosse
Girls Lacrosse
Softball
References
Educational institutions established in 1975
Public high schools in Massachusetts
Rochester, Massachusetts
Schools in Plymouth County, Massachusetts
1975 establishments in Massachusetts
Carenum terraereginae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1883.
References
terraereginae
Beetles described in 1883
Justin Marshall (born in Benson, Illinois) is an American wheelchair curler.
They participated in the 2018 Winter Paralympics where American team finished on twelfth place.
Teams
References
External links
Justin MARSHALL - Athlete Profile - World Para Nordic Skiing - Live results | International Paralympic Committee
Video:
Living people
1986 births
People from Woodford County, Illinois
American male curlers
American disabled sportspeople
American wheelchair curlers
Paralympic wheelchair curlers of the United States
Wheelchair curlers at the 2018 Winter Paralympics
Kevin P. Helliker (born January 25, 1959) is an American journalist, formerly a senior writer and editor on the New York sports desk of The Wall Street Journal. After spending over 25-years with the Journal, they joined the Brunswick Group, in February 2017.
In 2004, Helliker and Thomas M. Burton shared the 2004 Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Reporting, citing "their groundbreaking examination of aneurysms, an often overlooked medical condition that kills thousands of Americans each year." The articles demonstrably saved lives and changed medical protocol by showing that, contrary to conventional medical wisdom, aortic aneurysms are preventable, treatable and not so rare.
Helliker is a graduate of the Department of English at the University of Kansas.
References
1959 births
Living people
Pulitzer Prize for Explanatory Journalism winners
The Wall Street Journal people
University of Kansas alumni
20th-century American journalists
American male journalists
Leo Baker may refer to:
Leo Baker (director)
Leo Baker (skateboarder)
Article Two may refer to:
Article Two of the United States Constitution
Article Two of the Constitution of Georgia (U.S. state)
Article 2 of the European Convention on Human Rights
Bill of Rights of Puerto Rico, Article Two of the Constitution of Puerto Rico
Balbodh Higher Secondary School (established in 1998 in Kanchan Rup Municipality, Saptari, Nepal) is government affiliated +2 Level, Higher Secondary Boarding School.
References
See also
List of educational institutions in Kanchan Rup
Saptari District
Educational institutions established in 1998
Secondary schools in Nepal
Boarding schools in Nepal
Universities and colleges in Nepal
1998 establishments in Nepal
was the 7th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain in northern Mutsu Province, Honshū, Japan (modern-day Aomori Prefecture). Their courtesy title was Etchū-no-kami, and their Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Tsugaru Nobuyasu was the eldest son of Tsugaru Nobuaki, the 6th daimyō of Hirosaki Domain. Their father died when they were four years old, and all power remained in the hands their great-grandfather, Tsugaru Nobuhisa until 1746, and in the hands of the senior clan retainers until they came of age. They were received in formal audience by shōgun Tokugawa Ieshige in 1753.
Nobuyasu inherited a domain stricken by extensive famine caused by repeated natural disasters, with earthquakes and volcanic eruptions by Mount Iwaki, inclement weather, and repeated crop failures. The domain was 350,000 gold ryō in debt, and many of Nobuyasu's senior retainers were corrupt and contributed to the domain's problems. It was discovered that three senior retainers had conspired with merchants in Edo to sell of all of the domain's rice reserves for their personal profit, leaving the domain helpless in face of the Great Tenmei Famine of 1781, during which time thousands of people within the domain starved to death. Beset by problems on all sides, Nobuyasu died suddenly in 1784, leaving the domain and its problems to their only son, Nobuakira.
Nobuyasu had one son and three daughters. Their grave is at the clan temple of Shinryō-in (a subsidiary of Kan'ei-ji) in Taitō-ku, Tokyo, as well as the Tsugaru clan temple of Chōshō-ji in Hirosaki.
See also
Tsugaru clan
References
"Hirosaki-jō" (February 17, 2008)
"Tsugaru-han" on Edo 300 HTML (February 17, 2008)
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
Tsugaru clan
1739 births
1784 deaths
People of Edo-period Japan
The San Marino national football team () represents the nation of San Marino in the international association football. It is fielded by the San Marino Football Federation (), the governing body of football in San Marino, and competes as a member of the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA), which encompasses the countries of Europe. The San Marino Football Federation became affiliated with the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (English: International Federation of Association Football) (FIFA) in 1988 and the country's first international match took place two years later on 14 November 1990 against Switzerland in a UEFA Euro 1992 qualifier. San Marino's first result that was not a defeat was a 0–0 draw at home to Turkey in a 1994 FIFA World Cup qualifier on 10 March 1993, and the team's first and only win came over 10 years later after Liechtenstein were beaten 1–0 in a friendly on 28 April 2004.
Since 1990, 97 players have appeared for the San Marino national team, all of whom are listed here. Defender Damiano Vannucci holds the record for most caps, having appeared 64 times for San Marino from 1996 to 2011. The side's all-time top scorer is Andy Selva, who with eight goals from 57 caps is the only player to have scored more than one goal for San Marino. The team's most-capped goalkeeper, Federico Gasperoni, represented San Marino 41 times between 1996 and 2005. While San Marino have yet to qualify for the finals of a major international tournament, Davide Gualtieri holds the record for the fastest goal in a FIFA World Cup qualifier, scoring eight seconds into a 1994 World Cup qualifier against England on 17 February 1993.
Players
Appearances and goals are composed of FIFA World Cup and UEFA European Football Championship qualification matches, as well as numerous international friendly matches. The years given in the column marked "national team career" are those of each player's first and last international cap. Players are listed by number of caps, then number of goals scored. If number of goals are equal, the players are then listed alphabetically. Statistics are correct as of the match played on 11 October 2011.
Footnotes
References
Association football player non-biographical articles
Mount Bosavi Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Southern Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.
Wards
01. Ludesa
02. Bona
03. Waragu
04. Bobole
05. Filisado
06. Dodomona
07. Banisa
08. Wanagesa
09. Fogomayu
10. Musula
11. Lake Campbell
12. Gunigamo
13. Igiribisado
References
Local-level governments of Southern Highlands Province
Lasem (, also Romanized as Lāsem and Lasm; also known as Lishan) is a village in Bala Larijan Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 20 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Chey Saen District () is a district located in Preah Vihear Province, in northern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 15,004. The population recorded by the 2008 census was 20,730.
Administration
As of 2020, the district contains the following khums (communes).
References
Districts of Preah Vihear province
A drug with psychotomimetic (also known as psychotogenic) actions mimics the symptoms of psychosis, including delusions and/or delirium, as opposed to only hallucinations. Psychotomimesis is the onset of psychotic symptoms following the administration of such a drug.
Some rarely used drugs of the opioid class have psychotomimetic effects. Particularly, mixed kappa receptor agonist mu receptor antagonist opioid analgesics can cause dose-related psychotomimesis. This adverse effect, incidence 1–2%, limits their use. Pentazocine and butorphanol fall under this opioid class.
There is evidence that cannabinoids are psychotomimetic, especially delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (Δ9-THC). D'Souza et al. (2004) found that intravenous THC produced effects that resemble schizophrenia in both the positive symptoms (hallucinations, delusions, paranoia, and disorganized thinking) and negative symptoms (avolition, asociality, apathy, alogia, and anhedonia). Certain strains of cannabis may be more psychotomimetic than others, probably due to the action of cannabidiol (CBD), which inhibits P450 3A11's metabolic conversion of THC to 11-Hydroxy-THC, which is four times more psychoactive.p. 39
Carl Sagan used the word "psychotomimetic" in their anonymous article "Mr.X" to describe the effects of cannabis, writing that "I smile, or sometimes even laugh out loud at the pictures on the insides of my eyelids. In this sense, I suppose cannabis is psychotomimetic, but I find none of the panic or terror that accompanies some psychoses."
Psychostimulants, such as cocaine, amphetamines, and synthetic cathinones (including bath salts) are known to produce psychotic symptoms similar to paranoid schizophrenia and manic-depressive psychosis.
Dissociative drugs (NMDA receptor antagonists) such as PCP also elicit psychotic behavior in its users which may result in medical intervention.
Deliriant drugs (muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonists) such as BZ (QNB) also fall into the class of psychotomimetics.
List of psychotomimetic drugs
Substances that can induce psychotomimetic effects include:
Alcohol (chronic/excessive use)
Amantadine
Amphetamine
Amylone
Atropine
Benztropine
Benzydamine
Benzylpiperazine
Bromocriptine
Bupropion
Butorphanol
Cathinone
Cocaine
Cyclazocine
Desoxypipradrol
Dimethyltryptamine (DMT)
Diphenhydramine (DPH)
Doxylamine
Efavirenz
Enadoline
Ephedrine
Ergine
Ethylone
Ibogaine
Inhalants
Ketamine
Ketazocine
Levorphanol
Lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD)
Meperidine
Mephedrone
Mescaline
Methamphetamine
Methcathinone
Methorphan
Methoxetamine (MXE)
Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)
Methylenedioxy-N-ethylamphetamine (MDEA)
Methylenedioxypyrovalerone (MDPV)
Methylone
Methylphenidate
Montelukast
Myristicin
N-Ethylpentylone
Pentazocine
Phencyclidine (PCP)
Pramipexole
Prolintane
Prolintanone
Propylhexedrine
Psilocybin
Pyrovalerone
Quinuclidinyl benzilate (QNB)
Rotigotine
Salvinorin A
Scopolamine
Synthetic cannabinoids
Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC)
Tramadol
Zolpidem
Zopiclone
See also
Amphetamines
Anticolinergics
Antidepressants
Antihistamines
Antipsychotics
Anxiogenics
Anxiolytics
Cannabinoids
Cathinones
Deliriants
Depressants
Depressogens
Designer drugs
Dissociatives
Hallucinogens
Hypnotics
Narcotics
Opioids
Phenidates
Psychedelics
Sedatives
Stimulants
References
Drug classes defined by psychological effects
Psychosis
Under the European Convention on Human Rights, admissibility governs whether an individual or inter-State application will be accepted for consideration on the merits and progress to a full case. Normally, all domestic legal remedies must be exhausted before an application will be considered by the European Court of Human Rights. Inter-State cases are subject to more lenient admissibility rules than applications by individuals.
References
External links
Official guide
European Convention on Human Rights
European Court of Human Rights
Leanne Taylor may refer to:
Leanne Taylor, musician in Twist (band)
Leanne Taylor (OITNB)
A Newton hearing or inquiry is a legal procedure in English law originating in the early 1980s, used where the two sides offer such conflicting evidence that a judge sitting alone (that is, without a jury) tries to ascertain which party is telling the truth. It is generally used when a defendant pleads guilty to an offence (as in R v Newton itself), but factual issues (relating, for example, to the appropriate sentence) need to be resolved between the prosecution and defence.
Origin
The name stems from a 1983 case, R v Newton, in which the defendant admitted buggery but claimed their wife had given them consent. The Court of Appeal ruled that, in such cases, there were three ways of resolving the issue. It may be possible to obtain the answer from a jury by directing them to consider whether there is the necessary intent for a specific offence or whether a lesser offence which does not require intent is made out. If that is not possible, then either
evidence could be heard from both sides and a conclusion reached on the matter which was the root of the problem, or
no evidence heard but submissions analysed and, where a substantial doubt still persisted, benefit be given to the defendant.
Procedure and discussion
The Newton hearing itself operates like a "mini trial", with a judge rather than a jury deciding the disputed points based upon testimony and submissions. The burden of proof is on the prosecution, who must prove their case beyond reasonable doubt.
For a defendant, there is a balance of risk and benefit to consider. As the Newton hearing takes court time, resources, and perhaps witness testimony, if unsuccessful it will reduce any sentencing credit that might otherwise have been obtained. This aspect has been criticized, on the basis that no such risk exists for the prosecutors, and therefore the Newton hearing could "allow unrealistic, bullying or foolhardy prosecutors to force defendants to choose between having a Newton hearing and playing it safe". In this sense, a Newton hearing may be seen as stacked heavily against a defendant, who must prove the entirety of their concern in order not to suffer from it:
Notable cases
These include:
R v Newton [1983] Crim LR 198
R v Ahmed (1985) Crim LR 250, CA
R v Mirza (1993) 14 Cr App R (S) 64, [1992] Crim LR 600
R v Odey (1985) Crim LR 55
R v Mirza (1992) Crim LR 600
R v Ndikum (2008) The News'' (Portsmouth)
Irish law
In 2008, James Hamilton, then Director of Public Prosecutions, expressed doubt as to whether a Newton hearing would be compatible with the Constitution of Ireland's guarantee of the right to a jury trial. Nevertheless, such hearings have been held, including in an Anglo Irish Bank trial in 2014, and a trial in the juryless Special Criminal Court in 2017.
Notes
External links
Description from practitioner
Term used on Court Martial form
Dispute resolution
English law
Juries in the United Kingdom
Jennings High School may refer to:
Jennings High School (Jennings, Florida) in Jennings, Florida
Jennings High School (Kansas) in Jennings, Kansas
Jennings High School (Louisiana) in Jennings, Louisiana
Jennings High School (Missouri) in Jennings, Missouri
Circus People (German: Die vom Zirkus) is a 1922 German silent drama film directed by William Kahn and starring Anita Berber, Charles Willy Kayser and Eduard von Winterstein.
The film's sets were designed by the art director August Rinaldi.
Cast
Anita Berber as Die Zirkusdiva
Charles Willy Kayser
Eduard von Winterstein
Eugen Burg
Rudolf Del Zopp
Toni Ebärg
Karl Harbacher
Ernst Hofmann
Helena Makowska
Julius Markow
Heinrich Peer
Ernst Pittschau
Heddy Sven
References
Bibliography
Grange, William. Cultural Chronicle of the Weimar Republic. Scarecrow Press, 2008.
Töteberg, Michael . Das Ufa-Buch. Zweitausendeins, 1992.
External links
1922 films
Films of the Weimar Republic
Films directed by William Kahn
German silent feature films
German black-and-white films
1922 drama films
German drama films
UFA GmbH films
Silent drama films
Franqueville may refer to several communes in France:
Franqueville, Aisne
Franqueville, Eure
Franqueville, Somme
Franqueville-Saint-Pierre, in the Seine-Maritime département
Al-Jubail Club is a Saudi Arabian football team in Jubail City playing at the Saudi Fourth Division.
Current squad
As of Saudi Third Division:
References
External links
Al Jubail Club at Kooora.com
Jubail
1965 establishments in Saudi Arabia
Association football clubs established in 1965
Football clubs in Eastern Province, Saudi Arabia
Centrone is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Chris Centrone (born 1991), Italian rugby league footballer
Pablo Centrone (born 1957), Argentine football manager
Italian-language surnames
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Luz () is a diocese located in the city of Luz in the ecclesiastical province of Belo Horizonte in Brazil.
History
July 18, 1918: Established as Diocese of Aterrado from the Metropolitan Archdiocese of Mariana and Diocese of Uberaba
December 5, 1960: Renamed as Diocese of Luz
Bishops
Bishops of Luz (Roman rite), in reverse chronological order
Bishop José Aristeu Vieira (2015.02.25 - )
Bishop Antonio Carlos Félix (2003.02.05 – 2014.03.06), appointed Bishop of Governador Valadares, Minas Gerais
Bishop Eurico dos Santos Veloso (1994.05.18 – 2001.11.28), appointed Archbishop of Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais
Bishop Belchior Joaquim da Silva Neto, C.M. (1967.07.09 – 1994.05.18)
Bishop Manoel Nunes Coelho (1960.12.05 – 1967.07.08)
Bishops of Aterrado (Roman Rite)
Bishop Manoel Nunes Coelho (1920.06.10 – 1960.12.05)
Coadjutor bishops
Belchior Joaquim da Silva Neto, C.M. † (1960-1967)
Eurico dos Santos Veloso (1991-2004)
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Diocese website
Roman Catholic dioceses in Brazil
Christian organizations established in 1918
Luz, Roman Catholic Diocese of
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Geoff Britten is an American athlete and cameraman who competed on American Ninja Warrior in seasons six through eight and season eleven.  They are best known for finishing all four stages of the National Finals course in season seven, becoming, together with Isaac Caldiero, one of the first two Americans to achieve what is known as "Total Victory".
Career
Britten first competed on American Ninja Warrior in season six, making it to the National Finals in Las Vegas. However, they failed to complete the fourth obstacle, the Jumping Spider, and was eliminated on Stage 1.
In season seven, Britten again advanced to the National Finals and achieved "Total Victory", completing Stage 4 and leading Ninja Warrior commentator Akbar Gbaja-Biamila to immediately declare "Geoff Britten is the first American Ninja Warrior." After Britten's run, Isaac Caldiero finished the course over three seconds faster, winning the show's top prize of $1,000,000. This created some controversy over who was truly the first "American Ninja Warrior." While Britten admitted that Caldiero had defeated them and deserved the victory, they still believed they deserved some credit for their accomplishments: "There's been a lot of people confused about the verbiage – 'first American Ninja Warrior' or 'first winner.' The way I feel about it is I did it first. Caldiero went out there and crushed it. I'm not trying to take anything away from him, but it does not take away from what I did. He's like the grand champion." Fellow competitor Joe Moravsky opined, "In my opinion, Geoff is technically the first American Ninja Warrior and Isaac is the second. The only difference is Isaac climbed it faster so they get the million and won the season." Series producer Kent Weed stated in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter that while Caldiero had in fact won the season, Britten "does get the great gratification. I don't think they harbor any ill will about it....Geoff said to me, 'If I was going to be beat by someone, I'm glad it's Isaac.' And I think Isaac would have felt the same way if the roles were reversed." In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Weed was asked if Britten got anything for coming in second: "He got to be one of the first American Ninja Warriors. According to the rules there's only one winner. We talked to NBC about it, we might make adjustments next season, but we didn't plan for a second finisher."
Britten returned to Ninja Warrior in season eight, again advancing to the National Finals. Within a matter of seconds, Britten slipped and fell on the first obstacle of Stage 1, Snake Run, ending their season. After the episode aired, Britten announced on their social media accounts that they would not return to Ninja Warrior for season nine in order to spend more time with their family, stating, "I think it's interesting that Isaac, after last year, beat it all, [and] didn't come back. He's another climber. I'm a climber and I kind of felt the same way. Like 'Eh, it's kind of weird to be back to this. I already did it.' You know?" They did, however, leave the door open for a future return: "I'm hoping I can come back when I'm 40. I set a goal for myself. Go away for awhile and come back and hopefully have that fire again. Have a new challenge."
On May 2, 2018, Britten announced plans to return to Ninja Warrior competition in 2019 for season eleven. They competed in the Seattle/Tacoma City Qualifiers but failed on the Broken Bridge obstacle and was ultimately unable to advance to the City Finals.
Personal life
Britten works as a cameraman for sports teams in the Baltimore, Maryland, and Washington, D.C. areas, such as the Baltimore Orioles, Washington Capitals, and Washington Wizards.
References
Living people
American Ninja Warrior contestants
Year of birth missing (living people)
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Choctaw County, Oklahoma.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Choctaw County, Oklahoma, United States. The locations of National Register properties and districts for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below, may be seen in a map.
There are 13 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
References
Choctaw County
Buildings and structures in Choctaw County, Oklahoma
A list of episodes from the series Popular Mechanics for Kids.
Series overview
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! style="padding: 0px 8px" rowspan="2" colspan="2" | Season
! style="padding: 0px 8px" rowspan="2" | Episodes
! style="padding: 0px 80px" colspan="2" | Originally aired(Canadian air dates)
|-
! Season premiere
! Season finale
|-
| style="background-color: #FF0033; color: #100; text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" | [[List of Popular Mechanics for Kids episodes#Season 1 (1997–1998)|1]]
| style="text-align: center; top" | 22
| style="text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" |
|-
| style="background-color: #9900BB; color: #100; text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" | [[List of Popular Mechanics for Kids episodes#Season 2 (1998–1999)|2]]
| style="text-align: center; top" | 22
| style="text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" |
|-
| style="background-color: #FF9933; color: #100; text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" | [[List of Popular Mechanics for Kids episodes#Season 3 (1999–2000)|3]]
| style="text-align: center; top" | 22
| style="text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" |
|-
| style="background-color: #00BA85; color: #100; text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" | [[List of Popular Mechanics for Kids episodes#Season 4 (2001)|4]]
| style="text-align: center; top" | 6
| style="text-align: center; top" |
| style="text-align: center; top" |
|}
Episodes
Season 1 (1997–1998)
Season 2 (1998–1999)
Season 3 (1999–2000)
Season 4 (2000)
References
Popular Mechanics for Kids
The Jardin Public tram stop is located on line C of the tramway de Bordeaux. It is named after the nearby Jardin Public ("public garden").
Interchanges
See also
TBC
Tramway de Bordeaux
Bordeaux tramway stops
Tram stops in Bordeaux
Railway stations in France opened in 2007
Grutas de Lanquín is a large limestone cave system located west of Lanquín in Alta Verapaz, Guatemala.
The Lanquín cave system was declared a national park in 1955.
References
External links
National parks of Guatemala
Caves of Guatemala
Limestone caves
Protected areas established in 1955
1955 establishments in Guatemala
Grembach Łódź has a professional beach soccer team based in Łódź, Poland.
History
The team "Grembach" was founded in 1979 in near the Widzew Lodz Stadium, where even today there is an old settlement GREMBACH. Name of the settlement was given by German colonists who settled in the area in the early twentieth century. Grünbach (Polonized on Grinbach) is a "green space".
Euro Winners Cup 2016 squad
Coach: Jarosław Jagielski
Honours
Polish competitions
Ekstraklasa
Winners: 2008, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2015, 2016
Polish Beach Soccer Cup
Winners: 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012
Runner-up: 2016
Polish Beach Soccer Supercup
Winners: 2011, 2015
International competitions
Mundialito de Clubes
Euro Winners Cup
Sixth Place: 2013
1/16: 2014, 2016
External links
Owner official site
Sport in Łódź
Polish beach soccer clubs
Jane Elizabeth Martin is a British public servant, who has served as Local Government Ombudsman and as a member of the Committee on Standards in Public Life.
Education
Martin has a Ph.D. in educational administration and has studied public leadership at Warwick Business School.
Career
Martin's career has included research on school administration at the University of Birmingham, School of Education, a post as a local education officer, work with the Improvement and Development Agency for local government, appointment as the first executive director of the Centre for Public Scrutiny in 2003, and in 2007 the role of deputy chief executive of the Local Better Regulation Office.
They served as a Local Government Ombudsman (one of two post-holders) for a seven-year term from 2010 and was appointed to a five-year term, from 1 January 2017, as an independent member of the Committee on Standards in Public Life.
they are a lay member of the board of the Legal Ombudsman.
Recognition
Martin was appointed CBE in the 2017 New Year Honours "For services to administrative justice and transparency in local government."
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
20th-century British women
21st-century British women
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Ombudsmen in the United Kingdom
Member of the Committee on Standards in Public Life
Hallbankgate is a village in Cumbria, England, east of Carlisle. A former coal and lead mining village, it straddles the A689 Brampton to Alston road. Limestone is quarried here and it once had a gasworks and a forge. The village has a primary school, a village shop and tearoom and a pub. There are three other hamlets in the civil parish, Farlam, Kirkhouse and Tindale.
Mining and quarrying
There were many coal mines surrounding Hallbankgate, exploiting shallow lying seams on a steep incline. The closest was the Roachburn pit, at Coalfell where three men lost their lives in 1908. The subsequent accident report documents a very wet electrically driven pit with fractured seams butting up to a slab of clay- and this was typical of most pits in the area. After the accident the pit closed.
It was worked by the Thompson family of Kirkhouse under a lease from Lord Carlisle, and passed under and was connected to their Byrom Pit. It had employed 300 men of which 200 were to lose their jobs and move out of the area. Thompson gave up the lease, which was taken up by the Naworth coal company which worked the other mines in the area. The Gairs mine is often described as being in Hallbankgate though lies in parish of Castle Carrock. In 1925, it had 55 working underground and 28 above, though two years earlier it had employed 148 underground and 44 above. It output 70,000 tons of household and steam coal. It was a safe mine and worked two seams, known as the Little Limestone Coal and the Little Limestone seam. It was abandoned in 1936. It was operated by the Naworth Coal Company. There were other mines in the area notably the Tindale Drift Mine and the Black Syke Mine in Haltwhistle, and Bishops Hill Colliery at Brampton and the Naworth Colliery and drift mines at Midgeholme.
Limestone was quarried at the Silvertop Quarry, and there was a spelter works at Tindale which would process zinc and lead.
Lord Carlisle's railway
Hallbankgate stood at the top of a railway incline on the "Lord Carlisle's Railway" which linked Brampton Junction with the various mines and quarries in the vicinity of Hallbankgate. The Brampton Railway originated as a wooden wagonway on Tindale Fell. The mainline to Brampton Coal Staithe was built in 1798, and it was in operation in 1799. In 1808 the track was relaid using wrought iron rails, This was the first place where they were used commercially. The gauge was changed to standard gauge, the gauge used by Stephenson. In 1836, the route below Hallbankgate was realigned to it could link with the Newcastle and Carlisle Railway at Brampton Junction station. The incline from Kirkhouse had at one point a 1 in 17 gradient, adhesion engines could only work slopes up to 1 in 100, so this section of the track was operated as a gravity driven inclined plane. The line was worked by steam, and until 1840 the engine used was The Rocket. There was a passenger service but the line was mainly used to get the coal from the neighbouring mines to Brampton. There was an engine shed built at Hallbankgate, and above the village lines were laid to each pit. The line continued to Halton Lea Gate, but was extended to Lambley and Lambley Junction in 1852. The line finally closed in 1953. Blacksyke junction is just to the east of the village and the site on a level crossing to the west.
See also
Listed buildings in Farlam
References
External links
Villages in Cumbria
City of Carlisle
Maria Macahig Memorial High School or MMMHS, formerly known as Bonawon Barangay High School, is public national high school located in Bonawon, Siaton, Negros Oriental. The school follows the Basic Education Curriculum-Restructured ( BEC-R). The advent of the BEC-R brings lights and shadows to the curriculum. It is the oldest public high school in the municipality of Siaton. Situated about 69 km from Dumaguete City, and about 19 km from the municipality proper.
About
History
Maria Macahig Memorial High School is named after the late mother of the donor, Cristita P. Macahig. MMMHS started its operation in 1970. It was first known as Bonawon Barangay High School. It opens its door to high school students not only from barangay Bonawon, but also to the neighboring barangays and Municipalities.
Vision
Maria Macahig Memorial High School, is an educational institution fully equipped with modern functional facilities, envisions to develop and produce value-oriented, environment friendly, technologically motivated, and globally competitive individuals who could carry out great tasks and responsibilities to their own families and communities.
Mission
Uplift quality education for the students to become trustworthy leaders in the future who developed skills, abilities, habits, knowledge and wisdom through competent and adequately trained teachers with participation of stockholders to school programs, projects and activities to bring progress to the school as well as to the community.
Campus life
The whole campus is totally green in color not of the paint but because of the green grass and trees growing in the campus premises. As a matter of fact, the school won as the greenest campus couple of years ago.
The school has a school paper named "The Lampara" which is circulated every school year.
Various activities are celebrated every month in the campus grounds.
The school also participates in different contests (sports, mathematics, science, literary, etc.) in provincial, regional and even in national level.
References
High schools in Negros Oriental
Educational institutions established in 1970
1970 establishments in the Philippines
Oxford County is a county in the state of Maine, United States. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 57,777. Its county seat is the town of Paris. The county was formed on March 4, 1805, by the Massachusetts General Court in the Maine District from northerly portions of York and Cumberland counties. It borders the Canadian province of Quebec. Part of Oxford County is included in the Lewiston-Auburn, Maine metropolitan New England City and Town Area while a different part of Oxford County is included in the Portland-South Portland-Biddeford, Maine metropolitan New England City and Town Area.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (4.5%) is water.
Adjacent counties and municipalities
Franklin County – northeast
Androscoggin County – east
Cumberland County – southeast
York County – south
Carroll County, New Hampshire – southwest
Coös County, New Hampshire – west
Le Granit Regional County Municipality, Quebec – north
National protected areas
Umbagog National Wildlife Refuge (part)
White Mountain National Forest (part)
Demographics
Ancestries
As of 2015, the largest self-reported ancestry groups in Oxford County, Maine were:
2000 census
At the 2000 census there were 54,755 people, 22,314 households, and 15,173 families living in the county. The population density was 26 people per square mile (10/km2). There were 32,295 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.25% White, 0.17% Black or African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.37% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.11% from other races, and 0.80% from two or more races. 0.53% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 23.6% were of English, 13.9% French, 13.7% United States or American, 10.1% Irish and 8.4% French Canadian ancestry according to Census 2000. 95.9% spoke English and 2.6% French as their first language.
Of the 22,314 households 30.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.10% were married couples living together, 9.50% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.00% were non-families. 25.60% of households were one person and 11.00% were one person aged 65 or older. The average household size was 2.42 and the average family size was 2.87.
The age distribution was 24.20% under the age of 18, 6.50% from 18 to 24, 27.80% from 25 to 44, 25.50% from 45 to 64, and 16.10% 65 or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females there were 95.40 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.70 males.
The median household income was $33,435 and the median family income was $39,794. Males had a median income of $30,641 versus $21,233 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,945. About 8.30% of families and 11.80% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.80% of those under age 18 and 10.10% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
At the 2010 census, there were 57,833 people, 24,300 households, and 15,781 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 36,055 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 96.8% white, 0.6% Asian, 0.4% American Indian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 1.5% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.0% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.6% were English, 14.8% were Irish, 8.2% were American, 6.4% were German, and 5.6% were French Canadian.
Of the 24,300 households, 28.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.0% were married couples living together, 10.4% had a female householder with no husband present, 35.1% were non-families, and 27.1% of households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 2.81. The median age was 44.6 years.
The median household income was $39,748 and the median family income was $48,000. Males had a median income of $37,892 versus $30,187 for females. The per capita income for the county was $21,254. About 9.6% of families and 13.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 17.6% of those under age 18 and 12.2% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Voter registration
From 1880 to 1988, Oxford County was dominated by the Republican Party in presidential elections, only failing to back a Republican candidate in 1912, 1964, and 1968. The county flipped in 1992 to become consistently Democratic like the rest of Maine, staying that way until 2012. However, it made a 27.8 point swing (the largest statewide) to back Republican Donald Trump in 2016 as they won Maine's second congressional district containing the county.
|}
Recreation
Oxford County is home to many summer camps. Some of these camps are Camp Wekeela, Kamp Kohut, Camp Wyonegonic, Forest Acres Camp for Girls and Maine Teen Camp.
Communities
Towns
Andover
Bethel
Brownfield
Buckfield
Byron
Canton
Denmark
Dixfield
Fryeburg
Gilead
Greenwood
Hanover
Hartford
Hebron
Hiram
Lincoln Plantation
Lovell
Mexico
Newry
Norway
Otisfield
Oxford
Paris (county seat)
Peru
Porter
Roxbury
Rumford
Stoneham
Stow
Sumner
Sweden
Upton
Waterford
West Paris
Woodstock
Unorganized territories
North Oxford
South Oxford
Milton Plantation
Magalloway Plantation
Census-designated places
Bethel
Dixfield
Fryeburg
Kezar Falls
Mexico
Norway
Oxford
Rumford
South Paris
Other unincorporated communities
Center Lovell
Dickvale
North Waterford
Waterford Flat
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oxford County, Maine
References
External links
Official Website of Oxford County
Maine Genealogy: Oxford County, Maine
Maine counties
1805 establishments in Massachusetts
Populated places established in 1805
"This Way" is a single by American Hip-hop group Dilated Peoples from their fourth studio album Neighborhood Watch (2004). The song was featured in a marketing campaign for the Volvo S40. Both the commercial and music video were directed by Dave Meyers.
Track listing
CD single/Digital download (UK)
"This Way" - 3:54
"Poisonous" - 3:39
Promo CD" single (US and Europe)
A-side
"This Way" (Radio Version) - 3:54
"This Way" (Instrumental) - 3:54
B-side
"This Way" (A Cappella) - 3:54 (EU), 3:56 (US)
12" single (UK)
A-side
"This Way" (Radio Version) - 3:54
B-side
"This Way" (Instrumental) - 3:54
"This Way" (A Cappella) - 3:56
Promo 12" single (US and Europe)
"This Way" (Radio Version) - 3:54
"This Way" (Instrumental) - 3:54
"This Way" (A Cappella) - 3:56
Commercial performance
The song debuted at its peak of number 78 on the US Billboard Hot 100. It did the same on the UK Singles Chart at a higher position of number 35.
Charts
References
2004 songs
2004 singles
Kanye West songs
Songs written by Kanye West
Song recordings produced by Kanye West
Capitol Records singles
Parlophone singles
Music videos directed by Dave Meyers (director)
Kinnie Laisné (born 11 July 1989) is a former French tennis player.
Laisné has a career-high singles ranking by the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) of 295, achieved on 17 August 2009. They also have a career-high WTA doubles ranking of 381, achieved on 21 December 2009. Laisné won one singles title and three doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit.
Laisné made their main-draw debut on the WTA Tour at the 2008 Tashkent Open in the doubles tournament, partnering Katie O'Brien.
ITF finals
Singles: 3 (1–2)
Doubles: 6 (3–3)
External links
1989 births
Living people
French female tennis players
People from Cherbourg-Octeville
Sportspeople from Manche
DHAP in context of chemotherapy is an acronym for chemotherapy regimen that is used for remission induction in cases of relapsed or refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma and Hodgkin's lymphoma. It is usually given for 2-3 courses, then followed by high-dose chemotherapy and autologous stem cell transplantation. In combination with anti-CD20 monoclonal antibody rituximab (Rituxan, Mabthera) it is called R-DHAP or DHAP-R.
[R]-DHAP regimen consists of:
Rituximab, a monoclonal antibody, directed at B-cell surface antigen CD20
(D)examethasone, a glucocorticoid hormone
(H)igh-dose (A)ra-C - cytarabine, an antimetabolite;
(P)latinol (cisplatin), a platinum-based antineoplastic, also an alkylating antineoplastic agent.
Dosing regimen
References
Chemotherapy regimens used in lymphoma
Verigino () is a rural locality (a village) in Tarnogskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 94 as of 2002.
Geography
Verigino is located 9 km northwest of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Maklinskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Norma Ruth Smith (née Creighton; born October 8, 1951) is an American politician of the Republican Party. They were a member of the Washington House of Representatives, representing the 10th Legislative District from 2008 to 2021.
Education
In 1971, Smith earned an A.A. degree from Pensacola Junior College. In 2000, Smith earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in theology from Puget Sound Christian College.
Career
Smith was an aide to Republican U.S. Representative Jack Metcalf from 1994 to 2000, and was a member of the South Whidbey School Board from 1991 to 1995, serving as president in 1994. They unsuccessfully ran against Democratic State Senator Mary Margaret Haugen in 2000 and Democratic U.S. Representative Rick Larsen in 2002. Smith was appointed to the state House in 2008 to fill a vacant seat. Them district, the 10th Legislative District, encompasses all of Island County, a portion of northwestern Snohomish County, and a southwestern portion of Skagit County. They were subsequently reelected. In the state House, Smith obtained a bipartisan reputation and was known as a prominent supporter of data privacy legislation.
Smith announced in March 2020 that they would not seek reelection to a seventh term in office.
Awards
2020 Guardians of Small Business. Presented by NFIB.
Personal life
Smith's husband was Stephen. They have four children. Smith and their family live in Clinton, Washington.
References
External links
Norma Smith at ballotpedia.org
Norma Smith at ourcampaigns.com
1951 births
Living people
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
American chief operating officers
Members of the Washington House of Representatives
People from Island County, Washington
People from Pensacola, Florida
Washington (state) Republicans
Women state legislators in Washington (state)
Upper Magpie Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada and the source of the Magpie River. It is about long and wide and lies at an elevation of . The primary outflow is the Magpie River which flows into Lake Superior.
See also
List of lakes in Ontario
References
Lakes of Algoma District
Stoyan Stoyanov Zaimov (Bulgarian:Стоян Стоянов Заимов; 1853-1932) was a Bulgarian educator, writer and revolutionary; closely associated with the April Uprising.
Biography
In the late 1860s, while studying at a school in Stara Zagora, they met the future revolutionary martyr, Vasil Levski, and became a member of the (TTBK). For the next two years, they attended a teacher's college in Plovdiv, then taught at a boys' school in Haskovo. While there, they participated in founding the local revolutionary committee.
In 1873, they assisted in their attempt to assassinate Hadji Stavri Primo, a local chorbaji who was planning to report them. They were captured and sentenced to exile in Diyarbakır. About a year later, they managed to escape, and made their way to Romania, where they befriended other revolutionary emigrants. In 1875, the Bulgarian Revolutionary Central Committee commissioned them to set fires in Istanbul, to facilitate a planned uprising in Stara Zagora, but the plans were never carried out.
They were a major participant in the , which planned the April Uprising, and was appointed chief of the revolutionary district in Vratsa. After the uprising was suppressed, they were captured and sentenced to death. Following appeals, their sentence was commuted to life in prison. They were kept at the Hospitaller commandery of Saint-Jean-d'Acre, in the Acre Prison, until the Treaty of San Stefano was signed in 1878. It included a general amnesty, so they were released and returned to Bulgaria.
After attending another teacher's college, in Moscow (1882), they devoted their time to teaching; beginning in Shumen, then Kyustendil (1888–1895), and ending in Sofia (1898–1901). During this time, they also headed a committee raising funds to build a home for veterans, and a monument to Tsar Alexander II, which was built from 1903 to 1907, and is known as the "Monument to the Tsar Liberator".
From 1895, they worked with the Ministry of Public Education; compiling textbooks and manuals. In 1896, they founded a magazine, Училищен преглед (School Review), which was published until 1949. They were the Director of the National Library from 1903 to 1908.
They moved to Pleven in 1908, and lived there until their death. For a time, they served as Director of the "Department of Military History Museums and Monuments". Their home is now a museum, named after them and their son, Vladimir; a prominent General.
Sources
Biography of Zaimov @ ОБЩИНА ПЛЕВЕН (Municipality of Pleven website)
Biography of Zaimov, archived from the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
Biography of Zaimov @ Литературен свят (Literary World)
External links
"Stoyan Zaimov and the general popular struggle for freedom" A Biography and appreciation @ Bulgarka
1853 births
1932 deaths
People from Chirpan
Bulgarian writers
Bulgarian librarians
Bulgarian revolutionaries
Thracian Bulgarians
April Uprising of 1876
Bulgarian memoirists
Firuz Kola-ye Vosta (, also Romanized as Fīrūz Kolā-ye Vosţá) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 683, in 180 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Luca Barilla (born May 12, 1960 in Milan) is an Italian billionaire business person, and the deputy chairperson of Barilla Group, the world's largest pasta company, which is 85% owned by Luca, their brothers Guido and Paolo, and a sister.
Barilla took their first steps in the family business in 1980 and, four years later, in 1984, after completing their studies in the United States and the military service in the Italian military police force Carabinieri, they have been enrolled as product manager.
They carry out the professional training in the Company, first at the subsidiary Barilla France in Paris and then in the American headquarters of the Group.
In 1987, Luca Barilla became a member of the family Group's Board of Directors, of which they were elected Deputy Chairman the following year. They have been holding this position since that date, being the current Deputy Chairman of the Group.
In 1997 Luca Barilla was appointed President of GranMilano, a leader company in the production of confectionery products. They held this position until 2008, when the brand was sold.
References
1960 births
Luca
Italian billionaires
Businesspeople from Milan
Living people
Businesspeople from Parma
Keep It Hid is the debut solo album by the American blues-rock musician Dan Auerbach of the Black Keys, released in 2009 on Nonesuch Records. The second track, "I Want Some More", was featured in season 2, episode 2 of Peaky Blinders. "Heartbroken, in Disrepair" was featured on the 2011 video game Need for Speed: The Run. The final track, "Goin' Home", was included in the soundtrack of the 2009 film Up in the Air.
Track listing
All songs written by Dan Auerbach, except where noted.
"Trouble Weighs a Ton" – 2:19
"I Want Some More" (Wayne Carson Thompson) – 3:49
"Heartbroken, in Disrepair" – 3:21
"Because I Should" (D. Auerbach, Mark Neill) – 0:53
"Whispered Words (Pretty Lies)" (Charles Auerbach) – 4:06
"Real Desire" – 4:26
"When the Night Comes" (D. Auerbach, C. Auerbach) – 4:11
"Mean Monsoon" – 3:47
"The Prowl" – 3:18
"Keep It Hid" – 3:41
"My Last Mistake" – 3:14
"When I Left the Room" – 4:02
"Street Walkin'" – 3:52
"Goin' Home" – 4:57
Personnel
Dan Auerbach – lead and backing vocals, lead and rhythm guitar, piano, organ, synthesizer, bass, drums, percussion, drum loops, sound effects, producer
Bob Cesare – drums on tracks (2, 3, 5, 8-13), rhythm guitar on "Goin' Home
Dave Huddleston – upright bass on "Whispered Words"
Rob "Thorny" Thorsen – upright bass on "Mean Monsoon"
James Quine – electric rhythm guitar on "Mean Monsoon" and "Street Walkin'",harmony vocals on "Trouble Weighs A Ton" and "Heartbroken, in Disrepair"
Jessica Lea Mayfield – harmony vocals on "When the Night Comes"
Mark Neill – maracas on "Heartbroken, in Disrepair"
James Quine – photography
Amy Burrows – album cover design
Bob Cesare – assistant engineer
Mark Neill – mixer
Jim Demain – mastering
Tracks 4 and 7 recorded and engineered by Mark Neill for Soil of the South Productions
Charts
References
2009 debut albums
Dan Auerbach albums
Nonesuch Records albums
A prayer stick is a stick-shaped object used for prayer.
Background
In the rituals of the Pueblo contain many prayers; thus the Zuñi have prayers for food, health, and rain. Prayer-sticks, that is sticks with feathers attached as supplicatory offerings to the "spirits," were largely used by the Pueblo. These sticks are usually made of cottonwood about seven inches long, and vary in shape, color, and the feather attached, according to the nature of the petitions, and the person praying. The stick is intended to represent the "god" to whom the feathers convey the prayers that are breathed into the "spirit" of the plumes.
The Hopi Indians had a special prayer-stick to which a small bag of sacred meal was attached. Green and blue prayer-sticks are often found in the Pueblo graves and especially in the ceremonial graves of Arizona.
In Ethiopian culture, the handle of a , a prayer stick, is shaped like a tau cross. The mequamia are used to create rhythm during processions, and to rest on during long services where the priests and worshippers must remain standing.
See also
Ikupasuy
Walking stick
References
External links
American Indian relics
Religious objects
Idiocnemis bidentatais a species of damselfly in the family Platycnemididae. It is endemic to Indonesia, where it is known only from the province of Papua on the island of New Guinea. It is mostly limited to the Bird's Head Peninsula.
Males of the species have an abdomen up to 3.4 centimeters long; the females are slightly smaller. Males are brown to black in color with yellow markings and females are similar in color.
Little is known about the biology of the species.
References
Platycnemididae
Endemic fauna of Indonesia
Insects described in 1878
The 2002 Pan American Cycling Championships took place at the José Luis Recalde Velodrome in Quito, Ecuador August 18–23, 2002, and served as a qualifier for the cycling events at the 2003 Pan American Games. Mexico became champion after winning six golds, four silver and one bronze medal.
Medal summary
Road
Men
Women
Under 23 Men
Track
Men
Women
Notes
References
Americas
Americas
Cycling
Pan American Road and Track Championships
Ulta Palta may refer to:
Ulta Palta (1997 film), an Indian Kannada film
Ulta Palta (1998 film), a Telugu comedy film
Ben David Alford (born December 20, 1964) is an American actor, playwright, and author, best known for portraying Bucky Dawes on the television series Nashville.
Early life
Alford was born and raised in Adams, Tennessee on their family's farm. Their parents were Ben Robert Alford, a minister, and Sheridan (Durham). Alford attended Jo Byrns High School in nearby Cedar Hill, and then went for two years to Martin Methodist College in Pulaski. They next transferred to Austin Peay State University in Clarksville, Tennessee. At APSU they were originally a vocal performance major, but switched to the theatre program.
Acting
When playwright Arthur Kopit was visiting APSU as an artist in residence, they noticed Alford's acting talent and arranged for them to audition for the Juilliard School drama program. Alford did so, and was accepted to the program.
After spending a few years in New York upon graduation from Juilliard, Alford moved back to Tennessee and founded Mockingbird Theatre in Nashville. They were a artistic director of this theatre from 1994 to 2004, when they accepted the position of artistic director for Tennessee Repertory Theatre. They held this position until 2007, but spent an additional year at Tennessee Rep as an artist-in-residence.
In 2012 Alford joined the cast of the television series Nashville, portraying Bucky Dawes, the manager of country music star Rayna Jaymes (Connie Britton). Alford appeared on the show until it ended in 2018.
In 2017 Alford appeared in the Broadway revival of The Little Foxes with Laura Linney, Cynthia Nixon, Michael McKean, and Richard Thomas. Alford portrayed Mr. Marshall, as well as understudying McKean and Thomas.
Writing
Alford has written two plays that are presented annually as part of the Bell Witch Fall Festival in their hometown of Adams. Spirit: The Authentic Story of the Bell Witch of Tennessee (2002) recounts the Bell Witch legend. Smoke: A Ballad of the Night Riders (2010) is set against the Black Patch Tobacco Wars.
Alford also co-authored the book Living the Dream: The Morning After Drama School with Brian Horner.
Personal life
Alford has two sons from their first marriage. Since the fall of 2018, they have been a visiting artist in residence at Berry College in Mount Berry, Georgia.
Filmography
Film
Television
Video games
References
External links
David Alford on IBDb
Bell Witch Fall Festival
1964 births
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
Juilliard School alumni
Living people
Hârsești is a commune in Argeș County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Ciobani, Hârsești and Martalogi.
Natives
Mircea Fulger
References
Communes in Argeș County
Localities in Muntenia
Carenum quadripunctatum is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae. It was described by William John Macleay in 1863.
References
quadripunctatum
Beetles described in 1863
Barley Bree was a Northern Irish-Canadian band active from 1973 to 1995. It was formed in Northern Ireland in 1973, by Nicky Bryson, Buncrana fiddler P.V. O'Donnell, Seamus O'Hagan (Cookstown), and Jimmy Sweeney, a nephew of Tommy Makem and grandson of Traditional singer Sarah Makem. In 1977, all except Bryson moved to Nova Scotia; Bryson was replaced by Tom Sweeney. In 1979, O'Hagan returned to Northern Ireland and the band continued on as a trio until 1995, when Tom Sweeney left to pursue a solo career.
Barley Bree widely toured North America and released eight successful albums. They also fronted a weekly television series called Barley Bree which lasted for two years. After breaking up, they reunited several times at the Milwaukee Irish Fest.
Barley Bree appeared with Tommy Makem and Cherish the Ladies on the 1992 CD and video, Tommy Makem and Friends in Concert.
Nova Scotia musician Brian Doherty (of Evans & Doherty) joined the band as their recording bass player in 1985. In 2012, Kevin Evans, Doherty and Jimmy Sweeney released the album Sailing Ships And Sailing Men, a companion to a one-hour radio show they hosted on CBC's Atlantic Airwaves. Jimmy Sweeney still lives and performs in Nova Scotia. In 1998, they released the album Come Listen Awhile.
P.V. O'Donnell settled in Manchester, Connecticut, and worked as a fiddle instructor, played with the Hartford Symphony Orchestra, recorded two albums and continued to perform and tour. They died of brain cancer on January 29, 2011.
Tom Sweeney returned to Omagh, Northern Ireland, and carved out a successful career as a solo folk singer. They have released several albums including Daisy a Day and Poems of Ireland, along with several very popular children's albums. In 1998, they were invited to the White House to perform for then President Bill Clinton at the annual St.Patrick's day celebrations. To an audience which included John Hume, David Trimble and Gerry Adams, Tom performed a song they had written during the height of Northern Ireland's troubles entitled "Anthem for the Children".
Discography
References
Folk music groups from Northern Ireland
Canadian folk music groups
West Manchester Town Center is an open-air shopping center in West Manchester Township, York County, Pennsylvania, west of the city of York. It replaces the former West Manchester Mall, an enclosed, one-story shopping mall.
History
Crown American opened West Manchester Mall in 1981. At the time, it featured Hess's, The Bon-Ton and Gee Bee Department Stores as its anchor stores. The mall also featured popular restaurants such as Chick-fil-A , Orange Julius, and McDonald's. Gee Bee later became Value City in 1992. Hecht's (later Macy's) was added in 1995. Since the opening of the York Galleria mall on the eastern side of York, West Manchester Mall began to decline.
Hess's closed in 1993, with Walmart replacing it the same year. To keep attracting customers, the developers expanded the mall in the late 1990s by adding, Auntie Anne's, Subway, and Regal Cinemas. Wal-Mart expanded from a discount store to a SuperCenter in 2003, displacing a hallway and closing off its mall entrance, which led to a massive decline in customers to that side of the mall. Throughout the 2000s, the mall continued to lose many stores, many of which already had locations at the York Galleria. Value City closed in 2008, and the space became occupied by Kohl's in 2010. In 2011, a small tornado caused damage to the mall by shattering a skylight, blowing debris, and causing power outages. The same year, Bon-Ton announced that its West Manchester store would close in January.
Redevelopment
Many shoppers believed the mostly-empty mall greatly needed to be revamped. In September 2012, the Texas-based M&R Investors purchased the West Manchester Mall for approximately $17.5 million. The group planned a $47 million renovation, which would keep the existing anchor stores and demolish the mall to create a new outdoor shopping center called the West Manchester Town Center, similar to the Hunt Valley Towne Centre in Hunt Valley, Maryland. The project intends to attract national retailers and restaurants to occupy the former mall site. Additional improvements are also being made, including increased visibility from US 30, an additional entrance, and a drive-through street to access the new stores. A demolition permit was filed and West Manchester Mall closed permanently in 2014 to prepare for the redevelopment.
In August 2014, Macy's announced that it would close its West Manchester store. Retailers such as Petco, Burlington Coat Factory, and DSW Shoe Warehouse were confirmed as upcoming tenants in the redevelopment.
References
External links
Buildings and structures in York, Pennsylvania
Shopping malls established in 1981
Shopping malls in Pennsylvania
Tourist attractions in York County, Pennsylvania
Tent Nunatak () is a conspicuous pyramidal nunatak marking the south limit of Whirlwind Inlet on the east coast of Graham Land. First seen and photographed from the air by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS), in 1940, and described as a "distinctive tentshaped rock nunatak." It was charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1947.
Further reading
Defense Mapping Agency Hydrographic/Topographic Center, Sailing Directions (planning Guide) and (enroute) for Antarctica, P 274
External links
Tent Nunatak on USGS website
Tent Nunatak on SCAR website
References
Nunataks of Graham Land
Bowman Coast
Confirmation is a live album by pianists Kenny Barron and Barry Harris recorded as part of the 7th Annual Riverside Park Arts Festival in 1991 and released on the Candid label.
Reception
In their review on Allmusic, Ken Dryden noted "The combination of two pianists simultaneously on-stage is the recipe for greatness or a train wreck, but with two masters like Barry Harris and Kenny Barron, the former is a sure bet ... This CD was unavailable for a time when the label changed hands, though it has since been reissued with a new cover with Barron getting top billing instead of Harris".
Track listing
"Confirmation" (Charlie Parker) - 8:58
"On Green Dolphin Street" (Bronisław Kaper, Ned Washington) - 7:08
"Tenderly" (Walter Gross, Jack Lawrence) - 8:25
"Embraceable You" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 9:47
"All God's Chillun Got Rhythm" (Kaper, Walter Jurmann, Gus Kahn) - 6:14
"Body & Soul" (Johnny Green, Edward Heyman, Robert Sour, Frank Eyton) - 8:56
"East of the Sun" (Brooks Bowman) - 10:33
"Oleo" (Sonny Rollins) - 6:16
"Nascimento" (Barry Harris) - 6:11
Personnel
Kenny Barron, Barry Harris – Steinway grand piano
Ray Drummond – bass
Ben Riley - drums
References
Kenny Barron live albums
Barry Harris live albums
1992 live albums
Candid Records live albums
Sioux Township is a township in Platte County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.
References
Townships in Missouri
Townships in Platte County, Missouri
Suleh or Sooleh or Sowleh () may refer to:
Suleh, Kurdistan
Suleh, Razavi Khorasan
Suleh, Zanjan
Suleh (film), a 1946 Bollywood film
Nesterikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Markushevskoye Rural Settlement, Tarnogsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 3 as of 2002.
Geography
Nesterikha is located 23 km southeast of Tarnogsky Gorodok (the district's administrative centre) by road. Andreyevskaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
The Coca-Cola Company's formula for Coca-Cola syrup, which bottlers combine with carbonated water to create the company's flagship cola soft drink, is a closely guarded trade secret. Company founder Asa Candler initiated the veil of secrecy that surrounds the formula in 1891 as a publicity, marketing, and intellectual property protection strategy. While several recipes, each purporting to be the authentic formula, have been published, the company maintains that the actual formula remains a secret, known only to a very few select (and anonymous) employees.
History
Coca-Cola inventor John Pemberton is known to have shared their original formula with at least four people before their death in 1888. In 1891, Asa Candler purchased the rights to the formula from Pemberton's estate, founded the Coca-Cola Company, and instituted the shroud of secrecy that has since enveloped the formula. They also made changes to the ingredients list, which by most accounts improved the flavor, and also entitled them to claim that anyone in possession of Pemberton's original formula no longer knew the "real" formula.
In 1919, Ernest Woodruff led a group of investors in purchasing the company from Candler and their family. As collateral for the acquisition loan, Woodruff placed the only written copy of the formula in a vault at the lending bank, Guaranty Bank in New York. In 1925, when the loan had been repaid, Woodruff relocated the written formula to the Trust Company Bank (now Truist Financial) in Atlanta. On December 8, 2011, the company placed it in a vault on the grounds of the World of Coca-Cola in Atlanta, where it remains on public "display".
According to the company, only two employees are privy to the complete formula at any given time and they are not permitted to travel together. When one dies, the other must choose a successor within the company and impart the secret to that person. The identity of the two employees in possession of the secret is itself a secret.
It has been noted, however, that the company's "secret formula" policy is more of a marketing strategy than an actual trade secret: any competitor in possession of the genuine Coke recipe would be unable to obtain certain key ingredients, such as processed coca leaf (see below), and even if all components were available, could not market the reproduced product as Coca-Cola.
During the late 19th century, Coca-Cola was one of many popular coca-based drinks with purported medicinal properties and benefits to health; early marketing materials claimed that Coca-Cola alleviated headaches and acted as a "brain and nerve tonic". Coca leaves were used in Coca-Cola's preparation; the small amount of cocaine they contained – along with caffeine originally sourced from kola nuts – provided the drink's "tonic" quality. In 1903, cocaine was removed, leaving caffeine as the sole stimulant ingredient, and all medicinal claims were dropped. By one account, the FDA still screens random samples of Coca-Cola syrup for the presence of cocaine.
A few sources claim that coca leaf extract, with the cocaine chemically removed, remains part of the formula as a flavoring. According to these accounts, the company obtains the ingredient from the Stepan Company of Maywood, New Jersey, which legally extracts cocaine from coca leaves for use in pharmaceuticals, then sells the processed leaf material for use in Coca-Cola. The company will neither confirm nor deny this, deferring to the secret nature of the formula.
In 1911, the United States government sued the Coca-Cola Company for violations of the Pure Food and Drug Act, claiming that the high concentration of caffeine in Coca-Cola syrup was harmful to health. The case was decided in favor of Coca-Cola, but a portion of the decision was set aside in 1916 by the Supreme Court. As part of a settlement, the company agreed to reduce the amount of caffeine in its syrup.
Current ingredients
The company protects the secrecy of its syrup recipe by shipping ingredients to its syrup factories in the form of anonymous "merchandises", numbered 1 through 9. Factory managers are told the relative proportions of each numbered merchandise, and the mixing procedure, but not the ingredients in the merchandises, some of which are themselves mixtures of more basic ingredients. Merchandise no. 1 is known to be sugar, in the form of high-fructose corn syrup or sucrose (see variations, below); caramel coloring is no. 2, caffeine is no. 3, and phosphoric acid is no. 4. The identities of merchandises 5 through 9 are a matter of debate – particularly "merchandise 7X" (the "X" has never been explained), which is thought to contain a mixture of essential oils such as orange, lime, lemon, and lavender.
Despite the implications of its name, there is no evidence that the current version of Coca-Cola syrup contains kola nut extract, which was originally included for its caffeine content. The modern source of that additive is probably caffeine citrate, a byproduct of the decaffeination of coffee.
The primary taste of Coca-Cola is thought to come from vanilla and cinnamon, with trace amounts of essential oils, and spices such as nutmeg. A 2014 study identified and measured 58 aroma compounds in the top three US brands of cola, confirming significant amounts of compounds found in the essential oils of cinnamon, lemon, orange, neroli, coriander, nutmeg and vanilla.
Formula variations in the United States
During the 1980s, most U.S. Coca-Cola bottlers switched their primary sweetening ingredient from cane sugar (sucrose) to the cheaper high-fructose corn syrup. , the only U.S. bottler still using sucrose year-round was the Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Cleveland, which serves northern Ohio and a portion of Pennsylvania. Many bottlers outside the U.S. also continue to use sucrose as the primary sweetener. glass bottles of sucrose-sweetened Coca-Cola imported from Mexico are available in many U.S. markets for those consumers who prefer the sucrose version (see "Mexican Coke", below).
Passover
Coca-Cola was certified kosher in 1935 by Rabbi Tobias Geffen after beef tallow-derived glycerin was replaced with vegetable glycerin. However, the high-fructose corn syrup used by most U.S. bottlers since the 1980s renders it kitniyot by the definitions of Jewish kosher law, and therefore forbidden during Passover according to certain traditions. Each year, in the weeks leading up to Passover, bottlers in markets with substantial Jewish populations switch to sucrose sweetener in order to obtain Kosher for Passover certification.
"New Coke"
In April 1985, in response to marketing research suggesting that a majority of North American consumers preferred the taste of rival Pepsi to Coca-Cola, the company introduced a sweeter, less effervescent version of Coca-Cola in the U.S. and Canada. Although the new formulation had beaten both Pepsi-Cola and the old Coke formula in multiple blind taste tests, consumer response was overwhelmingly negative. The company quickly reintroduced the original beverage, rebranded as "Coca-Cola Classic", while continuing to market the new version as simply "Coke".
The new version remained on the market, in North America only, for 17 years—the last 10 as "Coke II"—until it was quietly discontinued in 2002. The "Classic" designation remained on the original product's label, its prominence gradually decreasing over the years, until it was removed entirely in 2009.
Mexican Coke
In the early 2000s, cane-sugar-sweetened Coca-Cola produced in Mexico began to appear in bodegas and Hispanic supermarkets in the Southwestern United States; in 2005, Costco began offering it. All were obtaining the Mexican product—which was not labeled in accordance with U.S. food labeling laws—outside the official Coca-Cola distribution network. In 2009, the Coca-Cola Company began officially importing Coca-Cola produced in Mexico, with proper labeling, for distribution through official channels.
Purported secret recipes
Pemberton recipe
Coca-Cola inventor John Pemberton is said to have written this recipe in their diary shortly before their death in 1888. The recipe does not specify when or how the ingredients are mixed, nor the flavoring oil quantity units of measure (though it implies that the "Merchandise 7X" was mixed first). This was common in recipes at the time, as it was assumed that preparers knew the method.
Ingredients:
caffeine citrate
citric acid
vanilla extract
lime juice
"flavoring" (i.e., "Merchandise 7X")
sugar
fluid extract of coca leaves (flavor essence of the coca leaf)
water
caramel sufficient to give color
"Mix caffeine acid and lime juice in 1 quart boiling water add vanilla and flavoring when cool."
Flavoring (Merchandise 7X):
1 qrt alcohol
80 oil orange
40 oil cinnamon
120 oil lemon
20 oil coriander
40 oil nutmeg
40 oil nerolis
"Let stand 24 hours."
Merory recipe
Recipe is from Food Flavorings: Composition, Manufacture and Use. Makes one of syrup. Yield (used to flavor carbonated water at per bottle): 128 bottles, .
Mix of sugar with just enough water to dissolve the sugar fully. (High-fructose corn syrup may be substituted for half the sugar.)
Add of caramel, caffeine, and phosphoric acid.
Extract the cocaine from of coca leaf (Truxillo growth of coca preferred) with toluol; discard the cocaine extract.
Soak the coca leaves and kola nuts (both finely powdered); in of 20% alcohol.
California white wine fortified to 20% strength was used as the soaking solution circa 1909, but Coca-Cola may have switched to a simple water/alcohol mixture.
After soaking, discard the coca and kola and add the liquid to the syrup.
Add lime juice (a former ingredient, evidently, that Coca-Cola now denies) or a substitute such as a water solution of citric acid and sodium citrate at lime-juice strength.
Mix together
orange oil,
cassia (Chinese cinnamon) oil,
lemon oil, traces of
nutmeg oil, and, if desired, traces of
coriander,
neroli, and
lavender oils.
Add water to the oil mixture and let stand for twenty-four hours at about . A cloudy layer will separate.
Take off the clear part of the liquid only and add to the syrup.
Add glycerine (from vegetable source, not hog fat, so the drink can be sold to Jews and Muslims who observe their respective religion's dietary restrictions) and of vanilla extract.
Add water (treated with chlorine) to make a gallon of syrup.
Beal recipe
In 2011, Ira Glass announced on their Public Radio International show, This American Life, that show staffers had found a recipe in "Everett Beal's Recipe Book", reproduced in the February 28, 1979, issue of The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, that they believed was either Pemberton's original formula for Coca-Cola, or a version that they made either before or after the product was first sold in 1886. The formula is very similar to the one found in Pemberton's diary. Coca-Cola archivist Phil Mooney acknowledged that the recipe "could be a precursor" to the formula used in the original 1886 product, but emphasized that the original formula is not the same as the one used in the current product.
Fluid extract of Coca: 3 drams USP
Citric acid: 3 oz
Caffeine: 1 oz
Sugar: 30 lbs
Water: 2.5 gal
Lime juice: 2 pints (1 quart)
Vanilla: 1 oz
Caramel: 1.5 oz or more for color
The secret 7X flavor (use 2 oz of flavor to 5 gals syrup):
Alcohol: 8 oz
Orange oil: 20 drops
Cinnamon oil: 10 drops
Lemon oil: 30 drops
Coriander oil: 5 drops
Nutmeg oil: 10 drops
Neroli oil: 10 drops
See also
List of brand name soft drink products
List of soft drink flavors
Open-source cola
OpenCola
References
External links
Secret Formula of Coca-Cola, documentary by National Geographic, March 9, 2011
Coca-Cola
Trade secrets
Ei Ei Thet (born 13 December 1992) is a Burmese swimmer. They competed in the women's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where they ranked 70th with a time of 30.25 seconds. They did not advance to the semifinals.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Burmese female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Myanmar
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Katariasar is a village in Bikaner district, Rajasthan, India. The village is inhabited by the Jasnathjis. According to the 2011 census of India, the village had a population of 3,554 people (1,849 males; 1,705 females).
Attractions
Jasnath Temple
References
Villages in Bikaner district
External links
उमड़ा श्रद्धा का सैलाब, धधकते अंगारों पर थिरके अनुयायी राजस्थान पत्रिका
Sam Jason Collins (born 5 June 1977) is an English professional football manager and former player who is now Lead Youth Development Youth Coach at Mansfield Town. They played as a centre back in the Football League for Huddersfield Town, Bury, Port Vale, Hull City, Swindon Town and Hartlepool United, and managed in the Football League with Hartlepool United.
Collins started their career with Huddersfield Town in 1994 before they transferred to Bury in 1999. After three years they moved on to Port Vale, where they established themselves as captain. They were named as the club's Player of the Year at the end of the 2002–03 season. Collins' performances earned them a move to Hull City in 2006, though a series of knee injuries blighted their time at the club. Loaned to Swindon Town for a brief spell in 2007, the following year they signed permanently with Hartlepool United.
Collins took on a coaching role with Hartlepool in 2014 and had three spells as caretaker manager before leaving the club in 2017. They spent a year as a coach at Bradford City before becoming youth-team manager at York City. They took over as manager in August 2018, initially as caretaker manager, before leaving in January 2019. They have since coached at Barnsley and Mansfield Town.
Playing career
Huddersfield Town
Collins was born in Pontefract, West Yorkshire. They started their career at First Division club Huddersfield Town as a trainee, signing a professional contract on 6 July 1994.
Bury
Collins signed for Second Division club Bury on 2 July 1999 for a £75,000 fee. They were released at the end of the 2001–02 season, following the club's relegation to the Third Division.
Port Vale
They signed for Second Division club Port Vale on 26 June 2002, in a move that reunited them with Brian Horton, their manager at Huddersfield. Collins played 49 matches for Port Vale and was named their Player of the Year in the 2002–03 season, later becoming captain. In September 2003, they were given the Second Division Player of the Month award, as they settled into a highly successful centre-back partnership with new signing George Pilkington. At the end of the 2003–04 season they signed a new two-year contract, having put in a 47-match haul.
Collins made 37 appearances in 2004–05, helping the club to avoid relegation with an 18th-place finish in League One. Their continuing strong performances in 2005–06 led to Championship club Plymouth Argyle inquiring about signing him. They rejected the approach, and instead joined another Championship club, Hull City, on 2 November on loan from Vale, prior to a permanent transfer for a £65,000 fee in January 2006.
Hull City
Collins suffered a knee ligament injury in February 2006, which ruled them out for a month. They did not play again in the 2005–06 season, which they finished with 18 appearances for Hull. In November 2006, they were ruled out for the rest of the 2006–07 season through another knee injury, making only eight appearances. They joined Swindon Town on 28 September 2007 on a one-month loan, in which they made four appearances.
Hartlepool United
They signed for League One club Hartlepool United on 31 January 2008 for a nominal fee. After only several weeks with the club they were sidelined by an injury sustained from an awkward fall. This came just days after assistant manager Ian Butterworth praised Collins for "[adding] steel to the back four".
They were appointed team captain at the start of their first full season with the club, and made 48 appearances by the end of the campaign. Their consistency continued in 2009–10, as they made 48 appearances. They signed a new contract with the club in May 2010. They were named as the League One Player of the Month for December 2010. After making 49 appearances in the 2010–11 season, they signed a new contract with the club in May 2011. Collins was hopeful that manager Mick Wadsworth could lead the club to the play-offs in 2011–12, although they could only manage a 13th-place finish. They made 43 appearances in the 2012–13 season, as Hartlepool suffered relegation to League Two with a 23rd-place finish, and was retained for a further season. Collins made 43 appearances during the 2013–14 season, and was praised by manager Colin Cooper for the positive influence they had on the rest of the team. They were named in the Football League Team of the Week for their performance in a 2–0 win away to Dagenham & Redbridge on 8 February, which was the team's third clean sheet in four matches.
Style of play
Collins played as a centre back and was described in March 2011 by their Hartlepool United manager Mick Wadsworth as a "warrior" who "leads by example" and as a "fearless header of the ball. Soon after signing for Hartlepool, manager Danny Wilson stated in February 2008 that: "He's a calming influence, he's a leader and that's what we needed in that backline. You'll get that consistency from him, they don't complicate their game." They also had an excellent range to their throw-ins.
Coaching and managerial career
Collins took on the role of assistant first and reserve-team coach at Hartlepool United in May 2014 when signing a new contract with the club, while remaining part of the playing squad. After Colin Cooper resigned as manager of Hartlepool, Collins was appointed caretaker manager alongside Stephen Pears on 5 October 2014. They took charge of four matches, overseeing one win and three losses, before Paul Murray was appointed as manager. Murray was dismissed on 6 December after only 45 days in charge, and Collins was again appointed caretaker manager. They took charge of one match, a 4–0 defeat away to Burton Albion on 13 December, before Ronnie Moore was appointed as manager on 16 December, who then appointed Collins as their assistant. Collins took over as caretaker manager on 15 January 2017 after Craig Hignett left the club by mutual consent. They were in charge for Hartlepool's 2–0 home win over Stevenage on 21 January before Dave Jones took over as manager on 23 January. Collins was dismissed by Hartlepool on 10 March, with Jones explaining the decision by saying: "We're changing the culture and the ethos here and when that happens sometimes there are casualties".
Collins joined League One club Bradford City on 3 July 2017 as their Professional Development Coach, a role in which they "[worked] closely with Stuart McCall and Kenny Black in helping to bring forward the younger professionals within the first team squad". They left their role with Bradford on 28 June 2018.
Collins was appointed youth-team manager at National League North club York City on 3 July 2018. They took over as caretaker manager on 20 August after the departure of manager Martin Gray. Their first match in charge came on 25 August, when York drew 0–0 away to Brackley Town. Collins recorded their first win two days later in the following match, with York beating Blyth Spartans 2–0 at home. They were appointed permanently on 10 October after the team won four of their eight matches as caretaker manager. They were dismissed on 5 January 2019 with the team 15th in the table.
Collins coached at Barnsley as their Lead Youth Development Phase Coach, before being hired as Mansfield Town's Lead Youth Development Youth Coach in August 2020. On 28 October 2020, they were announced to be part of Richard Cooper's caretaker management team. Nigel Clough was announced as the club's new permanent manager on 6 November.
Personal life
Collins married Claire in 1999 and the couple have four children. After finding that Collins had been having an affair, Claire posted derogatory messages on Collins' Twitter account, which were widely reported in the tabloids.
In June 2022, their son Cody signed their first professional contract with Mansfield Town.
Career statistics
Managerial statistics
Honours
Individual
Port Vale Player of the Year: 2002–03
Football League Second Division Player of the Month: September 2003
Football League One Player of the Month: December 2010
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Pontefract
Footballers from West Yorkshire
English footballers
Association football defenders
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
Bury F.C. players
Port Vale F.C. players
Hull City A.F.C. players
Swindon Town F.C. players
Hartlepool United F.C. players
English Football League players
English football managers
Hartlepool United F.C. managers
York City F.C. managers
English Football League managers
National League (English football) managers
Association football coaches
Hartlepool United F.C. non-playing staff
Bradford City A.F.C. non-playing staff
York City F.C. non-playing staff
Mansfield Town F.C. non-playing staff
Deliberation Tsuen Wan () is a localist political group based in Tsuen Wan founded on 6 July 2019. In a historic pro-democracy landslide in 2019 District Council election, the group won two seats in the Tsuen Wan District Council.
History
Deliberation Tsuen Wan was formed on 6 July 2019 ahead of the 2019 District Council election by a group of Tsuen Wan residents. The group co-organised the Tsuen Wan and Kwai Tsing march on 25 August 2019 amid the anti-extradition bill protests. After the police fired tear gas at the protesters, the group organised volunteer cleaners to wash off the tear gas residue at the market in Yeung Uk Road, fearing the chemicals would poison the food there.
The group filled three candidates in the 2019 election, with contesting in Tak Wah, Tam Pui-yan in Tsuen Wan Rural and challenging legislator Michael Tien in Discovery Park. Jackson Lau and Adrian Lau were elected, with Tam losing to incumbent Norris Ng with narrow margin of votes.
Electoral performance
Tsuen Wan District Council elections
References
External links
Political organisations based in Hong Kong
Political parties established in 2019
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Liberal parties in Hong Kong
Localist parties in Hong Kong
Franjo Šoštarić (1 August 1919 – 27 August 1975) was a Croatian footballer who competed internationally for Yugoslavia.
Career
Born in Zagreb, they started playing with HAŠK before moving to Građanski Zagreb in 1942 where they became the substitute of Franjo Glaser for the following 3 seasons. With Građanski they won one Croatian championship and two championships of the Zagreb Subassociation.
In 1945 they moved to Belgrade and joined FK Partizan where they would play until 1949 making a total of 239 appearances (84 of which in the league) and win two Yugoslav championships, in 1947 and 1949, and one Yugoslav Cup, in 1947.
They made 18 appearances for the Yugoslav national team between 1946 and 1951, and was part of the Yugoslav squad at the 1948 Summer Olympics where Yugoslavia won the silver.
Honours
Club
Građanski Zagreb
Croatian championship: 1943
Partizan
Yugoslav First League: 1946–47, 1948–49
Yugoslav Cup: 1947
National team
Yugoslavia
1948 Summer Olympics: Silver
References
1919 births
1975 deaths
Croatian footballers
Yugoslav footballers
Yugoslavia international footballers
HAŠK players
HŠK Građanski Zagreb players
FK Partizan players
Yugoslav First League players
Olympic footballers of Yugoslavia
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Footballers at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Footballers from Zagreb
Olympic medalists in football
Medalists at the 1948 Summer Olympics
Association football goalkeepers
Burials at Belgrade New Cemetery
The Secondary Industrial School in Columbus, Georgia is a historic school built in 1906. It was the first secondary-level industrial/vocational school in the United States: it "has been called the nation's first public-supported, coeducational industrial high school." Located at 1112 29th St., the building was designed by J.W. Golucke & Co. in Beaux Arts style. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
It has also been known as S.I.S., as Columbus Junior High, and as Jordan Vocational High.
It was a project of Carleton B. Gibson, who became Superintendent of schools in Columbus in 1896.
See also
Harrison-Gibson House, home of Gibson, also NRHP-listed
References
External links
High schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Vocational schools
National Register of Historic Places in Muscogee County, Georgia
Beaux-Arts architecture in Georgia (U.S. state)
School buildings completed in 1906
1906 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Ak-Beyit Pass () is a pass, elevation , that links At-Bashy Valley and Arpa Valley in Naryn Region of Kyrgyzstan. The road from Bishkek to Torugart (European route E125) runs over the pass.
References
Mountain passes of Kyrgyzstan
Frazier Augustus Boutelle (September 12, 1840 – February 12, 1924) served in the US Army for 57 years, fighting in the Civil War and the Indian Wars and working as a recruiter in World War I. In 1889-1890 they were Superintendent of Yellowstone National Park.
Early life
Boutelle was born in Troy, New York. Their father, James Augustus Boutelle (1808–1889), was from Massachusetts and descended from Revolutionary War fighter Ebenezer Boutwell. (The family name has variant spellings.) Little is known about their mother, Emeline Lamb Boutelle, but by 1871 they were married to E.F. Gordon and living with a daughter in Ontario. James Boutelle relocated to northern California in the 1850s, and lived with their sister, Susan Boutell Messenger Sterling, in Arcata.
In 1873 Frazier married "Dollie", Mary Adolphine Augusto Hayden, at Vancouver, Washington. Dollie was the daughter of Mary Jane and Gay S.B. Hayden, pioneers who left Wisconsin in 1850 for Vancouver. One of Dollie's sisters, Adelle Spaulding, lived in Fairbanks, Alaska, and the two held shares in an Alaskan mine in the 1920s. Frazier and Dollie had one child, Henry Moss Boutelle, born June 17, 1875, at Vancouver. "Harry" attended Stanford University for a year and then received a commission as a second lieutenant in the 3rd Artillery Regiment in the Philippines. They were killed in action leading the Macabebe Scouts at Aliago on November 2, 1899 during the Philippine–American War. In memory of Harry Boutelle, their name was applied to a place in Macabebe Province, a Boston Harbor steamer of the Quartermaster's Department, and a still-extant battery near the Presidio of San Francisco.
U.S. Army
Frazier Boutelle's military career began June 4, 1861, when they enlisted as one of the first volunteers of the 5th New York Cavalry, Company A. Entering as a quartermaster sergeant, they were commissioned as a second lieutenant November 4, 1862. Following an injury, and promoted to first lieutenant April 2, 1864. During the latter half of 1863, following an injury they were assigned as an ambulance officer to 3rd Cavalry. They were mustered out on disability August 31, 1864, but returned to duty as a captain in the 5th New York on January 10, 1865. Boutelle served at Antietam, Spotsylvania, Cold Harbor, Wilderness, Gettysburg, and the Second Battle of Bull Run. They served on the staff of General James H. Wilson, under General Philip Sheridan, and was mustered out on July 19, 1865.
On February 12, 1866, they reenlisted as a private in the regular Army, and was sent, via Panama, to the West to join the First Cavalry's Company F. By November 1866 Boutelle was at Fort Boise, Idaho, at the beginning of Crook's Winter Campaign. By 1867 they were a sergeant major. They were commissioned as brevet second lieutenant January 2, 1869, and confirmed May 8, and rose to first lieutenant July 31, 1873. Boutelle served in the Indian Wars against the Apache, Piute, Snake, Modoc, and Nez Perce. Most of 1872 was spent in the Klamath region where they were active in the Modoc War and, in a scuffle with Scarface Charley, precipitated a Battle of Lost River that subsequently gained them a brevet promotion and a citation for distinguished service. They were also given a medal during the Nez Perce conflict. Boutelle was promoted to captain on April 24, 1886, and retired August 27, 1895.
Fort Yellowstone
In June 1889, Captain Frazier Boutelle was appointed as the second acting superintendent of Yellowstone National Park and given command of the U.S. Army contingent (Company M, 1st Cavalry Regiment) in the park. Established as a park in 1872, Yellowstone was initially administered by civilian superintendents appointed by the Secretary of Interior. The Department of Interior was unable to establish sufficient control of the park to protect wildlife, geothermal other park resources. In 1886, the War Department was given authority over the park and the U.S. Army began administering the park in August 1886. The Army established Camp Sheridan (Fort Yellowstone) at Mammoth Hot Springs as park headquarters and developed systems for conservation and resource management between 1886 and 1916 that served as foundations for the National Park Service, created in 1916. Boutelle supported the conservation of bison, advocated stocking streams to maintain fish populations, insisted that travelers use established campgrounds, and developed a system for rapid and effective response to fires, which at that point were primarily caused by park visitors. Of the many decisions made by Captain Boutelle in managing the park, their approach to fisheries had significant and lasting impact. Boutelle was an avid angler and recognized the angling potential in Yellowstone waters. In 1889 they suggested the U.S. Fish Commission consider stocking many of the fish-less lakes and streams in Yellowstone.
This suggestion was acted upon and in 1889 the first non-native fish were stocked into Yellowstone waters, a practice that continued until 1955 and helped create the angling experience Yellowstone National Park is renowned for.
They gained recognition in conservation circles for their advocacy of protection for wildlife, landscape, and natural features. 1889 was a particularly bad year for fires in the region, and Boutelle's demands for more resources for firefighting, supported by conservationist George Bird Grinnell, caused Secretary of the Interior John Willock Noble to dismiss them from the superintendent's post on February 14, 1891. They returned to service with the 1st Cavalry's Company K.
Washington National Guard
Boutelle retired from the Army a second time on August 27, 1895, but immediately took up work with the Washington National Guard. In 1896 Gov. John H. McGraw appointed Boutelle to head the Guard as Adjutant-General, with the rank of brigadier general. Boutelle developed a streamlined reporting system, among other efficiencies, and coped with a Sand Island incursion of armed Oregon fishermen. (Six cyanotypes related to the Sand Island incident are tipped into Boutelle's copy of the Sixth Biennial Report of the Adjutant-General of the State of Washington for the years 1895 and 1896.) Adjutant-General had previously been an elected post, and political turmoil ended Boutelle's term in January 1897.
Frazier Boutelle returned to duty in 1905 as a recruiting officer. They were active at the Seattle office during World War I, the oldest serving officer of their time, and when the office closed in 1919, they retired from military service for the third and final time. Frazier Boutelle died at their home in Seattle on February 12, 1924.
References
The collected papers and photographs of Frazier A. Boutelle are housed at the University of Oregon Libraries' Special Collections & University Archives.
Johnson, Charles Jr. "Frazier Augustus Boutelle" in Africana: the encyclopedia of the African and African American experience, edited by Kwame Anthony Appiah and Henry Louis Gates, Jr (Oxford; New York: Oxford University Press, 2005).
Thompson, Erwin S. Modoc War: its military history and topography (Sacramento: Argus Books, 1971).
Obituary, Seattle Post-Intelligencer, February 14, 1924.
Frazier A. Boutelle Photographs, PH119, Special Collections & University Archives, University of Oregon Libraries
Frazier A. Boutelle Papers, Ax 012, Special Collections & University Archives, University of Oregon Libraries
1840 births
1924 deaths
Military administration of Yellowstone National Park
Military personnel from Troy, New York
Military personnel from Seattle
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
American military personnel of the Indian Wars
People from Vancouver, Washington
Tram Kak District () is a district located in Takeo Province, in southern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 144,032.
Administration
As of 2019, Tram Kak District has 15 communes, 244 villages.
References
Districts of Takéo province
Max Weber (August 27, 1824 – June 15, 1901) was a military officer in the armies of Germany and later the United States, most known for serving as a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Biography
Born in Achern, in the German state of Baden, Weber graduated from the military school at Karlsruhe in 1843, and served as an infantry lieutenant in the Grand Duke's army. In 1849, during the Revolutions of 1848, they served with the revolutionaries under Franz Sigel. They emigrated to America, one of a large group of political refugees who came to be as known as the Forty-Eighters. They settled in New York City and worked as proprietor of the Konstanz Hotel in New York.
Weber enlisted to fight in the Civil War as a colonel on May 16, 1861. They raised a German-American unit known as the "Turner Rifles," a company that eventually became a part of the 20th New York Infantry. Weber was stationed at Fort Monroe in Virginia. They took part in the capture of Fort Hatteras. From September 1861 until May 1862, they commanded Camp Hamilton, near Fort Monroe, being commissioned brigadier general of volunteers on April 28, 1862. They were at Newport News during the fight between the Monitor and Virginia in anticipation of a Confederate attack by land. They took part in the capture of Norfolk, Virginia in May, and then commanded at Suffolk until September, when they were ordered to the Army of the Potomac where they commanded the Third Brigade, Third Division, Second Army Corps in the Army of the Potomac.
Weber's brigade was the first to attack the Sunken Road during the Battle of Antietam. Their right arm was grievously wounded in the ill-fated attack on the Confederate positions. The injury forced Weber off to a series of desk assignments for the duration of the conflict. They served on administrative duty in Washington, D.C., in 1863. They served under Gen. David Hunter and Gen. Franz Sigel in the Shenandoah Valley in 1864. They were the garrison commander of Harpers Ferries and repelled Jubal A. Early's July 4–7 raid.
Weber resigned their commission on May 13, 1865. After the war, they were assessor of internal revenue in New York in 1870-72, and then collector until April 1883, when they resigned. Weber served as U.S. consul in Nantes, France.
They died at their home in Brooklyn on June 15, 1901.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Union)
German Americans in the Civil War
Notes
References
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher. Civil War High Commands. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Max Weber
1824 births
1901 deaths
People from Achern
People from the Grand Duchy of Baden
German emigrants to the United States
Union Army generals
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
Lago di Ariamacina is a lake in the province of Cosenza, Calabria, southern Italy. It is located in the La Sila range within Sila National Park. The Neto flows into and out of the lake. The lake is a reservoir built between 1953 and 1955 by damming the Neto. Its purpose is to generate hydroelectricity. North of the lake is Lago di Cecita and south of the lake is Lago Arvo.
References
Lakes of Calabria
Peter de Gildesburgh was the Archdeacon of Totnes from 1338 until 1349 .
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
Dopravný podnik Bratislava, akciová spoločnosť (literally Public Transport Company Bratislava, inc., abbr. DPB a.s.) is the only provider of city public transport in Bratislava. It provides 3 types of transportation:
trams (streetcars) 230 vehicles
buses 464 vehicles
trolleybuses 123 vehicles
The 100% owner of the company is the city of Bratislava.
Vehicles
DPB provides public transport using these vehicles:
Trams:
Tatra-ČKD T3 113 vehicles (110 vehicles have digital/electronic destination sign installation and acoustic information system)
Tatra-ČKD T3 4 vehicles are reconstructed to T3MOD (1 vehicle), T3AS (1 vehicle), T3S (2 vehicles)
Tatra-ČKD T3P 20 vehicles
Tatra-ČKD K2 3 historic vehicles
Tatra-ČKD K2S 36 vehicles
Tatra-ČKD K2G 1 vehicle (reconstructed in 1998–2005)
Tatra-ČKD T6A5 58 vehicles (2 prototype trams delivered in 2006)
Škoda 29 T and Škoda 30 T, 30 vehicles each.
Buses:
Ikarus 280 1 historic vehicle (all vehicles are rejected)
Karosa B 732 30 vehicles and 2 historic vehicles (48 vehicles are reconstructed to Karosa B732 NSTG)
Ikarus 283 1 vehicle and 2 historic vehicles (the others vehicles are rejected)
Karosa B 741 91 vehicles (86 vehicles are reconstructed to Karosa B741 NSTG)
TAM 260 A 180 M 1 historic vehicle
TAM 272 A 180 M 6 vehicles and 1 historic vehicle (all vehicles are reconstructed)
TAM 232 A 116 M 4 vehicles (all vehicles are reconstructed, one vehicle is rejected)
Ikarus 435 85 vehicles (3 vehicles are reconstructed)
Ikarus 415 35 vehicles (1 vehicle was reconstructed abortion in years 2004–2005 to Ikarus 415 CNG)
Ikarus 412 3 vehicles with low-floor (1 vehicle is specially using for handicapped children)
SOR B 9.5 32 vehicles
SOR BN 9.5 18 vehicles with low-floor
Mercedes-Benz Sprinter 416 CDI 2 minibuses with low-floor
Solaris Urbino 15 CNG 22 vehicles with low-floor
Iveco Daily Way 8 minibuses with low-floor
SOR C 10.5 8 vehicles
Tedom C12 G 30 vehicles (lease by Tedom from January 2009 to January 2017)
SOR BN 10.5 38 vehicles with low-floor
Mercedes-Benz O 530 Citaro CNG 1 vehicle
Mercedes-Benz O 530 GL CapaCity 41 vehicles
Mercedes-Benz O 405 GN2 11 vehicles with low-floor (lease by Abuss s.r.o. Nitra from November 2009)
SOR NB 18 City 182 vehicles
Irisbus Citelis 12M 35 vehicles
Iveco Urbanway 12M 40 vehicles
Solaris Urbino 10 10 vehicles
SOR NB 12 City 28 vehicles
Solaris Urbino 8,6 6 vehicles
SOR EBN 8 2 vehicles
SOR NS 12 Electric 16 vehicles
MAN NG 313 5 vehicles (all vehicles are from Klagenfurt)
Solaris Urbino 18 6 vehicles (all vehicles are from Berlin BVG)
Trolleybuses:
Škoda 14Tr 65 vehicles (21 vehicles are reconstructed)
Škoda 14TrM 12 vehicles
Škoda 15Tr 16 vehicles (all vehicles are reconstructed)
Škoda 15TrM 23 vehicles
Škoda 21Tr 1 vehicle with low-floor
Škoda 25Tr 6 vehicles with diesel-electric agregat with low-floor
Škoda 30Tr 35 vehicles with low-floor and 15 vehicles with diesel-electric agregat with low-floor
Škoda 31Tr 70 vehicles with low-floor
Aggregate
1 January 2009 Public Transport Company Bratislava have 880 carries on vehicles.
Directors
1895–1907 – Karol Kakulay
1907–1920 – Rudolf Pleskott
1920–1939 – Ing. Jaroslav Bartošek
1939–1943 – Ing. Štefan Januš
1943–1949 – Dr. Vladimír Brežný
1949–1950 – Ján Bauman
1950–1951 – Ján Mazáček
1951–1954 – Martin Hanzlík
1954–1960 – Jozef Zatlkaj
1960–1970 – Ladislav Studenič
1970–1972 – František Mariš
1972–1987 – Ing. Ladislav Moštenan
1986–1990 – Ing. Ján Novotný
1990–1992 – dpt. Jozef Hlavina
1992–1994 – JUDr. Ivan Letaši
1994–1995 – Ing. Peter Forgáč
1995–1997 – Ing. Peter Klučka
1997–2007 – Ing. Ján Zachar
2007–2009 – Róbert Kadnár
2009–2011 – Ing. Pavel Derkay
2011–2015 – Ing. Ľubomír Belfi
2015–2019 – Ing. Milan Urban
2019–present – Ing. Martin Rybanský
Former names of DPB
Over the course of the past century Public Transport Company Bratislava has had about 14 names.
BEÚS – Bratislavská elektrická účastinná spoločnosť
BKH – Elektrická lokálna železnica Bratislava- krajinská hranica
BMEŽ – Bratislavská mestská elektrická železnica
DOZAB – Dopravné závody hl. m. Bratislavy, komunálny podnik
DPMB – Dopravný podnik mesta Bratislava
DPHMB koncern – Dopravné podniky hl. m. SSR Bratislavy – koncern
DZHMB – Dopravné závody hl. m. SSR Bratislavy, koncernový podnik
DPB, š.p. – Dopravný podnik Bratislava, štátny podnik
POHéV – Pozsony Országhatárszeli Helyiérdekú Villamos Vasút
PVVV – Pozsonyi Város Villamos Vasút
LWP – Lokalbahn Wien – (Pozsony) Pressburg (Pressburgerbahn)
NOLB – Niederosterreichische Landdesbahnen – Dolnorakúske krajinské železnice
DPB – Dopravný podnik Bratislava, štátny podnik
DPB – Dopravný podnik Bratislava, akciová spoločnosť (today)
Gallery
External links
Official website
Unofficial, but more complex website about public transport in Bratislava
Basic information about public transport in Bratislava in English
Bratislava vehicles descriptions
Transport in Bratislava
Public transport operators
M.A.X.: Mechanized Assault & Exploration is a 1996 hybrid real-time/turn-based strategy video game for PC (MS-DOS, Windows) developed and published by Interplay Productions. The goal is to colonize newly-discovered planets, controlling the resources found there, and defend the colony against other rival factions.
Reception
According to Interplay, global sales of M.A.X. surpassed 150,000 copies by June 1998.
M.A.X. was met with overwhelmingly positive reviews. Writing for Computer Gaming World, Patrick C. Miller called it "an uncommonly high quality game with excellent gameplay; challenging artificial intelligence; and considerable depth, variety, and replay value." Next Generation similarly described it as "a sophisticated, challenging, and enjoyable strategy game with a great deal of replayability", while Kevin Mical of GameSpot deemed it superior to the critically acclaimed Command & Conquer.
Critics widely praised the game's large number of gameplay modes and options to play with, huge variety of military units, and sound effects. Most were also pleased with the choice of real-time or turn-based play, though Miller added that they found the single-player campaign frustratingly difficult in real-time mode, since the AI can make decisions and perform actions faster than humanly possible. A more common subject of criticism was the instruction manual, which some reviewers stated is disorganized and omits key gameplay concepts. However, reviews generally commented that the training missions are well-designed and do a great deal to overcome the difficulty of learning the game.
M.A.X. was a runner-up for Computer Game Entertainments 1996 "Best Strategy Game" prize, which ultimately went to Civilization II. The editors called M.A.X. "a fantastic science fiction exploration and conquest game that demonstrated anew how completely satisfying a turn-based strategy game could be in a decided shift towards real-time strategy gaming." It was also nominated as Computer Games Strategy Pluss 1996 real-time strategy game of the year, although it lost to Command & Conquer: Red Alert.
Bug
Many players complained over the years of the game crashing at around 120 turns, due to a Memory Stack Overflow bug. This problem was never patched. However, downloading 32 Bit DOS32A, removing the old DOS4GW.EXE from your main MAX directory, and renaming the new DOS32A file DOS4GW.EXE, seems to solve the problem.
Legacy
A sequel, Mechanized Assault & Exploration 2, was released in 1998. M.A.X. was re-released into digital distribution after years of non-availability on GOG.com in September 2008.
References
External links
M.A.X.R. (Mechanized Assault and eXploration Reloaded) - an open-source cross-platform clone of M.A.X.
MACs (Mechanized Assault Commanders) - an cross-platform clone of M.A.X.
1996 video games
DOS games
Games commercially released with DOSBox
Interplay Entertainment games
Real-time strategy video games
Turn-based strategy video games
Windows games
Multiplayer hotseat games
Video games developed in the United States
Malignant is a 2013 American horror film written and directed by Brian Avenet-Bradley. It stars Gary Carins and Brad Dourif as a patient who undergoes involuntary treatment to cure their alcoholism and the mad doctor who performs it, respectively.
Synopsis
After their wife dies, Alex becomes a self-destructive alcoholic. A mysterious doctor shows Alex the consequences of their actions, and the involuntary treatment leaves Alex with incisions. The doctor explains that whenever Alex drinks to excess, an implant will force them to violently murder people.
Cast
Gary Cairns as Alex
Brad Dourif as The Man
Nick Nicotera as Chad
Sienna Farall as Emily
Steve Wastell as Charlie
Jennifer Blanc as Gail
Production
Dourif said that they were approached by the filmmakers and accepted the role because they found the character interesting. Dourif said that the character feigns sympathy, which makes them easier to portray as somewhat sympathetic.
Release
Malignant premiered at Shriekfest in Los Angeles on October 4, 2013. It was released to video on demand in May 2014. The DVD was released February 17, 2015.
Reception
Pat Torfe of Bloody Disgusting rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote, "Diehard fans of Dourif may get some enjoyment out of seeing them strut their stuff, but it's ultimately not enough for this film to be entertaining." Scott Hallam of Dread Central rated it 2.5/5 stars and wrote, "The casting of Brad Dourif as a maniacal scientist was a brilliant move that took a movie that might have been a throwaway and elevated it to at least a satisfactory level." Ross Peterson of HorrorNews.Net wrote that Dourif's character is far more interesting and is not given enough screen time in comparison to the lead. Mark L. Miller of Ain't It Cool News wrote, "Brian Avenet-Bradley has constructed a solid thriller here with a strong mystery, characters you can't help but feel for, and a diabolical and bent villain in Dourif."
References
External links
2013 films
2013 horror films
American horror thriller films
American independent films
Films about alcoholism
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Dr. Ishari K Ganesh (pronounced as Ai-sari) is the founder, chairperson and Chancellor of Vels University in Chennai, India.
They founded the Vael's Educational Trust in 1992 in the memory of their late father Isari Velan, a former Member of Legislative Assembly in the state government of M. G. Ramachandran.
They were the president of the Pachaiyappa's Trust board (2011-2014).
They were the secretary of the consortium of colleges affiliated to The Tamil Nadu Dr. M.G.R. Medical University(2007-2009).
Ganesh is also the founder and Chairman of Vels Film International, which produces films in Tamil cinema. Ganesh has acted in 5 movies from (1992-2018) in supporting role and did a role in S. Shankar's 2.0 (2018).
Filmography
Actor
Uthama Purushan (1989)
Vaaku Moolam (1991)
Dharma Seelan (1993)
Doubles (2000)
Aval Paavam (2000)
Ninaikkaadha Naalillai (2001)
Thulluvadho Ilamai (2002)
One Two Three (2002) - Bilingual film (Tamil/ Kannada)
Engeyum Kadhal (2011)
Lakshmi (2018)
2.0 (2018)
Producer
References
External links
Rs.686 crore for conservation, protection of natural resources
CII, Vels University sign pact
Skill development programme for MBA students
Vael's signs MoU with TAFE, Australia
"Report of general body meeting soon"
Scholars from Chennai
Living people
Indian film producers
Tamil film producers
Male actors in Tamil cinema
1966 births
Korlević is a Croatian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antun Korlević (1851–1915), Croatian entomologist, educator, and writer
Korado Korlević (born 1958), Croatian teacher and amateur astronomer
Croatian surnames
Francisco Pi y Margall (Catalan: Francesc Pi i Margall) (29 April 1824 – 29 November 1901) was a Spanish federalist and republican politician and theorist who served as president of the short-lived First Spanish Republic in 1873. They were also a historian, philosopher, romanticist writer, and was also the leader of the Federal Democratic Republican Party and the Democratic Party. Pi was turned into a sort of secular saint in their time.
A disciple of Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, their theoretical contributions left a lasting effect on the development of the anarchist movement in Spain.
Early life
Pi was the son of a working-class textile worker in Barcelona, Catalonia, and was born on 29 April 1824. Pi's father enrolled them in a religious school in 1831 where Pi acquired an education in the humanities and the classics. They were a member of the Societat Filomàtica, enabling them to meet some of the main thinkers and writers of the Catalan romanticist movement. In 1837, they left to study law, earning a licentiate degree in 1847. They moved to Madrid that year and began writing as a theater critic for the journal El Renacimiento and for El Correo, in which Pi's first political article was published. In need of further income, Pi also took a job for Martí, a Catalan bank.
In 1848, Pi completed the unfinished Memories and Beauties of Spain by the poet Pau Piferrer, contributing to the sections on Catalonia, Seville, and Granada. At this time, they connected themselves with the Republican faction in Spanish politics. In 1851, they wrote a monumental and highly popular history of painting, though it was eventually condemned by the Church and the Spanish state for heterodoxy.
Political life under the monarchy
Pi was involved in the revolution of 1854 that brought the liberal espadón Baldomero Espartero back to power. They published La reacción y la revolución in that year, influenced by G.W.F. Hegel's philosophy of history and the thinking of the French anarchist Pierre-Joseph Proudhon. In 1856 they established a new journal, La Razón, that was closed when the government of Leopoldo O'Donnell was overthrown by Ramón María Narváez. Pi fled to Guipúzcoa in the Basque country until 1857, when Nicolás María Rivero asked them to return to Madrid to contribute to the Republican newspaper La Discusión. At La Discusión, Pi became acquainted with a number of leaders of the Spanish republican movement, including another future president of the First Republic, Estanislao Figueras. In 1864 they became the director of the newspaper.
After the sergeants' revolt at San Gil in 1866, Pi fled to Paris, where they gave lectures and translated several of Proudhon's works and became familiar with French positivism. They developed ideas about revolutions and the philosophy of history, including a belief in an inevitable, progressive, and permanent movement in history toward greater freedom, embodied in federal constitutions. Throughout their life they would promote republicanism and social objectives through the federal idea.
Pi returned from Paris after the success of the 1868 Glorious Revolution. They were elected deputy on behalf of Barcelona and was part of the Constituent Cortes that wrote the 1869 Constitution. During this time Pi became respected as a leader of the Republican party in the Cortes; they are officially named the head of the party in March 1870. They were replaced shortly thereafter by internal strife over the party's policy toward the Paris Commune, conciliatory policy toward opposition groups, and electoral setbacks. They continued to adamantly promote the establishment of a federal republic in place of a monarchy. They opposed the monarchy of Amadeo I during its short rule.
Presidency and later political life
When the First Spanish Republic was established in 1873 after the abdication of Amadeo I, the first president, Estanislao Figueras, appointed Pi as Minister of the Interior. During their ministerial tenure, Pi was responsible for the struggle against the cantonalist movement in the provinces. On Figueras's resignation on 11 June, Pi was named president. Pi presented to the Cortes an ambitious plan of reform, including a law formalizing a stricter separation of church and state, the reorganization of the army, reduction of the working day to eight hours, regulation of child labor, enhancements to the relationship between business and labor, new laws regarding the autonomy of the regions of Spain, and a program of universal education. Their acquaintance with Proudhon enabled Pi to warm relations between the Republicans and the socialists in Spain. However, Pi was unable to rein in the instability of the Republic; on the 1 July, the more radical elements of the Republican party and federalists broke off and declared the government illegitimate, and new insurrections appeared in Alcoy and Cartagena only a week later. Under pressure from the Cortes and many leading Republicans who accused them of dangerous weakness, Pi resigned the presidency on 18 July, only a little more than a month after they assumed the office.
After the end of the Republic in 1874, Pi left political life for a decade. During this time, they returned their attentions to their writings; only a few months after the end of the Republic, they wrote a treatise on its events, La República de 1873. They followed this with Las Nacionalidades and Joyas Literarias in 1876. The first volume of their Historia General de América was published in 1878, La Federación in 1880, and Las luchas de nuestros días and Observaciones sobre el carácter de don Juan Tenorio in 1884. In 1886, they returned to politics and was elected deputy for Figueres, in Catalonia, and again in 1891 and 1893. They were involved in the fragmentation of the Spanish Republican movement in this period together with Estanislao Figueras, Manuel Ruiz Zorrilla, Emilio Castelar y Ripoll, and Valentí Almirall. Pi was involved in the 1883 Republican Congress of Zaragoza that proposed a federal republican constitution for Spain; in 1894, they were instrumental in reforming the republican movement with a new manifesto for the Federal Party. In 1890, Pi founded the newspaper El Nuevo Régimen, which campaigned for Cuban independence. Pi's promotion of federalism and regional autonomy earned them popularity among Catalan anarchists.
Pi died on 29 November 1901 around 18:15 at their home in the calle del Conde de Aranda, in Madrid.
Political thought, practice and later influence
Pi i Margall became the principal translator of Proudhon's works into Spanish and later briefly became president of Spain in 1873 while being the leader of the Democratic Republican Federal Party. According to George Woodcock, "These translations were to have a profound and lasting effect on the development of Spanish anarchism after 1870, but before that time Proudhonian ideas, as interpreted by Pi, already provided much of the inspiration for the federalist movement which sprang up in the early 1860s." According to the Encyclopædia Britannica "During the Spanish revolution of 1873, Pi i Margall attempted to establish a decentralized, or “cantonalist,” political system on Proudhonian lines."
Pi considered federalism to be a "unity in variety, the law of nature, the law of the world", an organization based on the bottom-up contract by "natural and spontaneous collective beings" (La reacción y la revolución, 1854).
Pi i Margall was a dedicated theorist in their own right, especially through book-length works such as La reacción y la revolución (English: "Reaction and revolution" from 1855), Las nacionalidades (English: "Nationalities" from 1877), and La Federación from 1880. For prominent anarcho-syndicalist Rudolf Rocker "The first movement of the Spanish workers was strongly influenced by the ideas of Pi y Margall, leader of the Spanish Federalists and disciple of Proudhon. Pi i Margall was one of the outstanding theorists of their time and had a powerful influence on the development of libertarian ideas in Spain. Their political ideas had much in common with those of Richard Price, Joseph Priestly (sic), Thomas Paine, Thomas Jefferson, and other representatives of the Anglo-American liberalism of the first period. They wanted to limit the power of the state to a minimum and gradually replace it by a Socialist economic order."
They were also a supporter of a decentralized version of Iberian Federalism, framing the realization of such prospect in terms of "Iberian nations". They were wary of centralism (which was alien to the internal organization of the inhabitants of the Iberian peninsula and imposed on them, according to Pi), which they deemed to be, along with monarchy, one of the root reasons behind the state of decadence of the Peninsular peoples.
They showed a special and naive affection for the United States.
Bibliography
Works by Pi i Margall
La España Pintoresca, 1841.
Historia de la Pintura, 1851.
Estudios de la Edad Media, 1851. Published first on 1873.
El eco de la revolución, 1854.
La reacción y la revolución, 1855.
Declaración de los treinta, 1864.
La República de 1873, 1874.
Joyas literarias, 1876.
Las nacionalidades, 1877.
Historia General de América, 1878.
La Federación, 1880.
Constitución federal, 1883.
Observaciones sobre el carácter de Don Juan Tenorio, 1884.
Las luchas de nuestros días, 1884.
Primeros diálogos, not dated.
Amadeo de Saboya, not dated.
Programa del Partido Federal, 1894.
Works on Pi i Margall
Conangla, J. Cuba y Pi y Margall. La Habana, 1947.
Ferrando Badía, Juan. Historia político-parlamentaria de la República de 1873. Madrid: Cuadernos para el Diálogo, 1973.
Grande Esteban, M. Unitarismo y federalismo (prefacio). Madrid: Emiliano Escolar Editor, 1981.
Hennessy, C. A. M. La República Federal en España. Pi y Margall y el movimiento republicano federal, 1868–1874. Madrid: Aguilar, 1966.
Jutglar, Antoni. Federalismo y Revolución. Las ideas sociales de Pi y Margall. Barcelona, 1966.
Jutglar, Antoni. La República de 1873, de Pi y Margall. Barcelona, 1970.
Jutglar, Antoni. Pi y Margall y el Federalismo español. 2 vols. Madrid: Taurus, 1974.
Martí, Casimir. L'orientació de Pi i Margall cap al socialisme i la democràcia. Artículo en Recerques nº38. Barcelona, 1974.
Molas, I. Ideari de Francesc Pi i Margall. Barcelona, 1965.
Pi y Arsuaga, F. Pi y Margall. Lecciones de federalismo. Barcelona, 1931.
Rovira i Virgili, A. Pròleg i notes a La qüestió de Catalunya davant el Federalisme. Escrits i discursos. (con especial dedicación a F. Pi i Margall). Barcelona, 1913.
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Biography
Another biography
Columbia encyclopedia entry
|-
|-
1824 births
1901 deaths
19th-century Spanish male writers
Government ministers during the First Spanish Republic
Left-libertarians
Libertarian socialists
Libertarian theorists
Madrid city councillors
Mutualists
People from Barcelona
Philosophy writers
Political philosophers
Politicians from Barcelona
Politicians from Catalonia
Presidents of the Executive Power of the First Spanish Republic
Prime Ministers of Spain
Spanish Esperantists
19th-century Spanish historians
Spanish libertarians
Spanish male non-fiction writers
Spanish political writers
Spanish republicans
Chateauguay Valley Regional is an English/Bilingual high school in Ormstown, Quebec, Canada serving the Chateauguay Valley and Valleyfield area. It is administered by the New Frontiers School Board. Enrolment is currently approximately 550 (est. 2019), but has ranged from 550 to 1500 during the school's history, in accordance with demographic trends.
CVR (as it is often referred) was opened in 1967. It was the first regional school in Quebec, built to consolidate the smaller high schools in the area into one central school, teaching grades 7 through 11. The school has a strong name in athletics, and their sports team logo is the Spartan.
Former students often affectionately refer to CVR as Chicken Valley Ranch.
Athletics
Athletics have always been a special aspect of CVR student life since the schools opening in 1967. CVR has fielded many competitive and championship teams, including several provincial champions. (Women's Basketball (5), Women's Hockey (5), Track & Field (1), Cross Country (1) & Football (1))
CVR currently fields 46 athletic teams (24 Female & 22 Male) that compete in various disciplines in the RESQ Montérégie region, the SSIAA (South Shore Interscholastic Athletic Association) as well as the GMAA (Greater Montreal Athletic Association). CVR has also been a member of, and competed in the ETIAC (Eastern Townships Interscholastic Athletic Association) School wide house and intramural sports programs have a strong tradition at CVR.
Many former CVR students have gone on to participate in post secondary athletics in Canadian and American Colleges and Universities, Professional sport clubs, Canadian National Teams, and Olympic games (Doug Vandor 2008 & 2012 Summer Olympian, Matt Heaton 2017 & 2019 Rugby Canada Men's 15's Player of the Year)
Performing Arts
The CVR Performing Arts department was started in 2005 and is headed by music teacher Lynn Harper, drama teacher Dawna Babin and dance teacher Cindel Chartrand. Starting with the 2005 production of the musical FAME, the department has gone on to produce subsequent shows including: Grease, Footloose, OZ, Guys and Dolls, Annie, Anything Goes, Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, Dirty Dancing, Beauty and The Beast, Charlie and The Chocolate Factory, Alice in Wonderland, Neverland, and The Lion King. Some of the students in these productions later went on to pursue higher education in the performing arts and are now graduates of or enrolled in theatre programs at Dawson College, John Abbott College and Vanier College as well as the National Theatre School of Canada.
See also
New Frontiers School Board
Wikimapia entry for CVR
Pictures around the school
Picture of the front of the school
English-language schools in Quebec
Educational institutions established in 1967
High schools in Montérégie
1967 establishments in Quebec
Le Haut-Saint-Laurent Regional County Municipality
David Watterston (2 January 1845 – 23 July 1931) was an Australian journalist and newspaper editor; they were editor of The Australasian from 1885 to 1903 and of The Argus 1903 to 1906.
Watterston was born in Balgone Barns, Haddingtonshire, Scotland, the youngest son of James Watterston and their wife Catherine née Broadwood.
The family, after spending a year in Gottland, in the Baltic Sea, went to Australia, arriving in April 1853.
After acting as clerk in an attorney's office in Melbourne, Watterston moved to Queensland in May 1860, and in October of the same year, commenced their connection with the press. They learned reporting on the Ipswich Herald (afterwards the Queensland Times) and then moved to Brisbane in 1865, to undertake parliamentary reporting. Watterston spent several years in the gallery for The Brisbane Courier and next on the Guardian, from which paper, in June 1869, they obtained promotion to the parliamentary staff of The Argus, Melbourne, returning to Victoria after nine years' absence.
Watterston executed various special commissions for The Argus, being sent to the United States in 1876, for six months, in connection with the Philadelphia Exhibition. They went to England in 1879, to report on the movements of the Berry-Pearson embassy. Watterston was appointed chief of The Argus reporting staff in 1881, and four years later, on the editorship of the Australasian becoming vacant, they had that position given to him, the Australasian being a weekly literary, sporting and agricultural journal, started by the proprietors of The Argus in 1864. Watterston was editor of the Argus from 1903 to 1906. Their successor was Edward S. Cunningham.
Watterston died in Armadale, Victoria, Australia on 23 July 1931; they were unmarried.
Gazetted with incorrect spelling, Watterson Place, in the Canberra suburb of Gilmore, is, however, named in their honour.
References
1845 births
1931 deaths
Australian journalists
Australian newspaper editors
Scottish emigrants to Australia
Burials in Victoria (Australia)
The Argus (Melbourne) people
Derakht-e Senjed () is a village in Eshqabad Rural District, Miyan Jolgeh District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 25 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
"Hold It Now, Hit It" is a song by American hip hop group Beastie Boys, released as the first
single from their debut album Licensed to Ill. It is also remixed on the album New York State of Mind.
In 2008, it was ranked number 27 on VH1's 100 Greatest Songs of Hip Hop.
Music video
The video features the three rappers lip synching, ad-libbing, and dancing on a sidewalk in front of and directly to a fish-eye lens interspersed with clips of them on stage and on tour.
Samples and use in sampling
The song contains samples from "Bertha Butt Boogie" by The Jimmy Castor Bunch, "Drop the Bomb" and "Let's Get Small" by Trouble Funk, "Funky Stuff" by Kool & The Gang, "Take Me to the Mardi Gras" by Bob James, "Christmas Rappin'" by Kurtis Blow and "La Di Da Di" by Doug E. Fresh and MC Ricky D.
The line "Pump it up, homeboy" was sampled by Eric B. & Rakim on their song "As the Rhyme Goes On" and by Ice-T on their song "Ya Don't Quit". The line "Beer drinking, breath stinking, sniffing glue" was sampled by Dr. Dre on Eazy-E's "Boyz-n-the-Hood".
Track listing
7" single
"Hold It Now, Hit It" - 3:30
"Hold It Now, Hit It" (Acapulco) - 3:20
12" single
"Hold It Now, Hit It" - 3:30
"Hold It Now, Hit It" (Instrumental) - 3:30
"Hold It Now, Hit It" (Acapulco) - 3:20
Charts
References
External links
1986 singles
Beastie Boys songs
Song recordings produced by Rick Rubin
Songs written by Rick Rubin
Songs written by Ad-Rock
Songs written by Mike D
Songs written by Adam Yauch
1986 songs
The A-Tom-inable Snowman is a 1966 Tom and Jerry cartoon directed by Abe Levitow, written by Bob Ogle and produced by Chuck Jones, with the opening scene written and directed by Jones. The title is a reference to the legendary creature, the Abominable Snowman.
Plot
This episode begins with Tom having caught Jerry in a log cabin, and trying to eat him. Before doing so, they pour salt and pepper on Jerry, who sneezes themselves away from the plate due to the pepper. While looking for Jerry, Tom notices the mouse in the cuckoo clock. Tom turns the clock's hands up to 5:00 and they wave to Jerry. They do it a second time and turns it up to 4:00. Tom licks the mouse but the third time when they turn it up to 3:00, instead of Jerry, a bomb pops out. Tom swallows it without realizing it and it explodes inside their mouth, taking their teeth away from their mouth and into the clock. The credits are shown with Tom and Jerry skiing as they chase in the Alps.
Right there, the chase ends when Jerry rushes inside a cabin, as Tom does so, but with the latter getting out from the fact that the cabin has a St. Bernard dog, who is sleeping. Jerry, waving at Tom proudly, is beside the St. Bernard. Tom got frustrated after seeing it as their anger melted them almost fully to the snowy ground. But, they thought of a plan to get rid of the St. Bernard and catch Jerry. They settle their skiing equipment as if it is showing that a person is in a skiing accident. Finishing their plan, they then yells for the St. Bernard to wake up and come for Tom's diversion. With the St. Bernard woken up from Tom's yelling, they go to the "victim" for "help". After the St. Bernard left, Jerry has no protection as Tom has the opportunity to get him. The St. Bernard then reaches the diversion and attempts to save the "victim". Not knowing it is a trick, they pick up the ski boots with the bindings, and expects that the "victim" is landed deeper. Not willing to give up, they then digs the ground to find the "victim".
In the cabin earlier, Tom chases Jerry in circles, until the mouse breaks off and runs directly near the open door outside, as Tom does also. Unbeknownst to the cat, they went too fast and is far off the cliff, with Jerry still on the ground, safe. Tom then got worried that they were stupid and then lets themselves fall with a waving goodbye. As they fell, they then got rolled up into a giant snowball while being rolled down from a slope, as the end point causes them to be thrown up to the sky. Jerry then calls on the St. Bernard, who is still digging, by a whistle. The dog then stops after they hear Jerry's whistle. The mouse then points the dog to an approaching giant snowball with Tom inside. After the ball lands with Tom inside flat, the St. Bernard then attempts to save the flattened cat with a keg of brandy. After they left the cat standing, Tom fell and "shattered" into pieces. However, they are then reconstructed by the St. Bernard with the brandy. The alcohol makes Tom drunk. They start seeing hallucinations, like five Jerrys, which they try to count in between hiccups. They later sees hallucinations of a hole and they seem to see countless holes. Tom hiccups to the real hole, causing them to get frozen solid, requiring the St. Bernard's assistance once again. At the end of this part, once again, Tom becomes intoxicated, causing themselves to ski on their feet as they hiccup. Jerry and the dog watch at him, as they shake hands for their "cure". Tom then unintentionally bumps their head onto a tree, causing themselves to be unconscious as the dog felt worried, trying to make them cure.
Inside the cabin (where the St. Bernard lives), Tom has come down with a cold as Jerry watches him, feeling worried. Tom sneezes and then asks Jerry to get some tissue near them to wipe their nose. Unbeknownst to the mouse, Tom is actually tricking Jerry by grabbing him. Tom is about to eat the mouse when the St. Bernard dog pours the boiling water on the tub, causing Tom to turn red and free Jerry as they feel it on their feet. In a high temperature, Tom jumps very high, leaping from the cabin, and landing in a faraway place. They return to the cabin, however, because they "forgot" to get Jerry, grabbing them as they blow a raspberry to the dog before leaping off again, with Jerry. Tom escapes with Jerry to a tropical island and attempts to eat the mouse once more, but Jerry escapes again when Tom isn't looking, leaving them upset at not getting to eat Jerry, and they are knocked out by a falling coconut. Fortunately, help is on hand—the St. Bernard appears once again to revitalize Tom before they once again becomes intoxicated and meanders out to the sea with the rescue hound and Jerry waving goodbye to them and the words "The End" appear on a sun as the cartoon closes.
Cast and Additional Crew
Produced by Chuck Jones
Production Manager: Les Goldman
Production Supervised by Earl Jonas
Mel Blanc voices Jerry (uncredited)
Additional Voices by William Hanna & June Foray
Stock Music composed by Scott Bradley (uncredited)
Additional Music by Dean Elliott
Layouts: Robert Givens
Backgrounds: Robert Inman
Animation Advisor: Maurice Noble
MPAA Certificate Number: 21210
Availability
Wakko's Wish (VHS)
Tom and Jerry: Paws for a Holiday (VHS)
DVD
Tom and Jerry: Paws for a Holiday (DVD)
Tom and Jerry's Winter Wackiness (DVD)
References
External links
1966 films
1966 animated films
Animated films without speech
Films directed by Abe Levitow
Tom and Jerry short films
1960s American animated films
1966 comedy films
Films set in Europe
Films scored by Dean Elliott
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer short films
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer animated short films
MGM Animation/Visual Arts short films
1960s English-language films
Hülya Vurnal İkizgül (born 1967 in Istanbul, Turkey), is a Turkish mosaicist, sculptor and ceramic artist.
Following their graduation from the Faculty of Arts at the Marmara University in 1990, they made their master's degree in the same faculty. They worked in the Workshop of Mural under the direction of renowned painter Mustafa Pilevneli. They prepared their thesis on artists Eren Eyüboğlu and Bedri Rahmi Eyüboğlu, titled The Art of Mosaic and the Mosaics of Bedri Rahmi - Eren Eyüboğlu.
According to critics: Between their fingers, the least stone becomes magic, and when they assemble of it a hundred various size and color, they give rise to splendid polychrome mosaics. With their panels represented accompanied by poetries and music composed by the author Hülya Vurnal İkizgül is an artist, who also expresses themselves in the field musical and poetic, and which then makes a success of a made total work of echoes and correspondences, in order to better await an ideal condensed in this formula: "to live as at the interior of a dream".
From 13 to October 29, 1992, they opened an "Exposition of Paintings and Sculptures Mosaic" in a historical site, the Museum of Hagia Sophia (Ayasofya Museum) in Istanbul.
From 1 to October 31, 1994, as an invited artist representing of the modern art of mosaic, they exposed their "Mosaic Paintings and Sculptures" at the Museum of Archaeology of Istres in Marseilles, France. Among ten prestigious exposures, it is noteworthy to also name that one of the "Paintings and Mosaic Sculptures" decorated the historical Darphane-i Amire (Imperial Mint) in Istanbul between October 16 and November 3, 2002.
Inter alia, they have three works at the Museum of Archaeology of Istres, in Marseilles.
References
External links
Personal website
1966 births
Living people
Artists from Istanbul
Turkish ceramists
Mosaic artists
Marmara University alumni
Turkish women sculptors
20th-century Turkish sculptors
21st-century Turkish sculptors
20th-century Turkish women artists
21st-century Turkish women artists
21st-century ceramists
Turkish women ceramists
The Micca House, on Bridge St. in Paradise Valley, Nevada, is a historic house that was built in 1885. It includes Stick/Eastlake architecture. The building served as a department store, as a post office, and as a government office. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
In its NRHP nomination, written by its owner, it was argued to be "locally significant to its community for the great diversity of functions it contained, all vital in their time to the life of Paradise Valley." It was listed on the NRHP in 1975.
References
Buildings and structures in Humboldt County, Nevada
Houses completed in 1885
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
Department stores on the National Register of Historic Places
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Humboldt County, Nevada
Stick-Eastlake architecture in the United States
Victorian architecture in Nevada
Jody John Schulz (born August 17, 1960 in Easton, Maryland) is a former American football linebacker who played for five seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles of the National Football League from 1983–1987. They were drafted by the Eagles in the second round of the 1983 NFL Draft. They played college football at Chowan JC and East Carolina.
Early years
Schulz attended Queen Anne's County High School in Centreville, Maryland. They played football, but their team was "terrible" and did not win many games. They did not try hard in school and dropped out for one year and thought about getting married until the woman they were going to marry was killed in a car crash. Schulz got arrested while out of school, and the judge at a court hearing told them to either go back to school, or go to jail.
College career
Chowan University
Schulz attended Chowan University to play college football, but when they first arrived, they were ninth on the depth chart at defensive end. Because so many players tried out for the team, Schulz did not receive a helmet until other players quit the team. In their first season, Schulz won more games than they had their entire high school career.
They were inducted into the Chowan University Athletics Hall of Fame in 1992.
East Carolina University
Chowan University played against the East Carolina Pirates junior varsity football team, and an assistant coach for the Pirates, Gary Fast, recruited Schulz and about eight or nine other players to East Carolina to play for head coach Ed Emory. Schulz was also recruited by other schools such as Wake Forest, Maryland, Virginia Tech and Tulane. Schulz was favoring going to Wake Forest because they liked their linebackers coach, and told Fast that they were thinking about going there to play football. That day, Fast came to Schulz's door and tried to talk them into coming to East Carolina. Fast came back the following day and the day after that in hopes of convincing Schulz to sign a letter-of-intent to East Carolina. Fast explained to Schulz that coach Emory told Fast not to come back to East Carolina if they could not get Schulz to sign a letter-of-intent. When Fast could still not convince Schulz, they called Emory, and, during a snowstorm, flew in to Kent Island, Maryland, where Schulz lived. As soon as Schulz saw Emory get off the airplane, they signed the letter-of-intent immediately.
In 1981, with Schulz leading the defense, Emory recorded their first winning season as head coach. Schulz led the team in tackles in 1981 with 125 tackles. They also had nine sacks. They earned honorable mention All-America honors by the Associated Press.
In 1982, Schulz made 105 tackles and 10 sacks and earned Associated Press All-America honors. After the season, they tried to get a redshirt out of their first-year student year at Chowan in order to play for the Pirates in 1983, but could not get it since they played too much their first-year student year.
Schulz played in the Blue–Gray Football Classic on December 25, 1982.
Schulz was inducted into the East Carolina Athletics Hall of Fame in 1999.
Professional career
The Green Bay Packers told Schulz that they were going to draft them in the 1983 NFL Draft. However, they were drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the second round (46th overall), one pick before the Packers would pick. They became the highest draft pick ever to come out of East Carolina until Robert Jones was drafted in the first round (24th overall) of the 1991 NFL Draft. They were also drafted in the 14th round of the 1983 USFL Draft by the Washington Federals, but they chose to sign with the Eagles. They signed a series of one-year contracts with the Eagles on May 24, 1983. They quickly became the starter at left outside linebacker for the team, and in their NFL debut, a game against the Packers, Schulz made two sacks and had more than 10 tackles. A few weeks later, against the Denver Broncos, Schulz injured their knee, their first injury since before college. They subsequently injured it many times during the season. A more serious knee injury caused them to miss the entire 1985 season. They received the Ed Block Courage Award in 1986 after they came back from the injury. Schulz was released on April 27, 1988 and subsequently retired thereafter.
After football
Schulz runs their family's 2 seafood restaurant's with their parents, the Fisherman's Inn and Crab Deck (fishermansinn.com) which burned down in 1980 and has since been rebuilt. Schulz purchased the Salts Pond Marina Resort located in Hampton, Virginia (VA), right off the Chesapeake Bay. Schulz also is a land developer and manages several commercial properties.  They are currently the President of the Kent Island Volunteer Fire Department.
Personal
Schulz is married to their wife, Sherri, and they have four sons: Dusty, Kirby, Kolby and Dorsey. They live on their 123-acre waterfront farm in Chester Maryland where they are avid deer and waterfowl hunters.
References
External links
Fisherman's Inn website
Salt Pond Marina Resort website
Kent Island Fire Department bio
1960 births
Living people
Players of American football from Maryland
American football linebackers
East Carolina Pirates football players
Chowan Hawks football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
People from Easton, Maryland
People from Centreville, Maryland
Ed Block Courage Award recipients
Modern Outsider is a management company and independent record label founded by husband and wife team, Chip and Erin Adams, in October 2010 in Austin, Texas. Collectively, they have well over two decades of experience in various facets of the music industry, from radio promotion at Dangerbird Records, Capitol Records, The Syndicate and Cornerstone (agency) where they also handled digital marketing; they were in charge of editorial at the tastemaking site, TheTripwire.com. Their mission is simple: discover and release great music while building a tight-knit community for their artists.
In January 2016 the label was featured in Austin Monthly.
Modern Outsider was named the Record Label of the Year in 2016 by the Austin Chronicle.
Roster
The Black and White Years
Black Pistol Fire
Brass Bed
The Bright Light Social Hour
The Calm Blue Sea
The Crookes
Curtis Roush
Dana Falconberry
Gliss (band)
Hard Proof
Mirror Travel
Moving Panoramas
Pomegranates (band)
Quiet Company
Soft Swells
Star Parks
Tristen Gaspadarek
Ume
Walker Lukens
References
External links
Official site
SXSW - The Ume Train Keeps Rolling
IFC - Exclusie Premiere - The Calm Blue Sea "Literal"
Brooklyn Vegan - Ume Sign To Modern Outsider
NPR First Listen: The Calm Blue Sea
Buzzbands LA: Premiere: Soft Swells "Every Little Thing"
SXSW - Outsiders Welcome At SXSW Music
See also
List of record labels
Alternative rock record labels
American independent record labels
Indie rock record labels
Eilís Dillon FRSL (7 March 1920 – 19 July 1994) was an Irish author of 50 books. Them work has been translated into 14 languages.
Early life
Dillon was the third of five children of Professor Thomas Dillon and their wife Geraldine née Plunkett, who was the sister of Joseph Mary Plunkett. They were raised at Dangan House outside of Galway City before moving to the small fishing village of Barna. They attended the local primary school where they became proficient in Irish and gained an intimate knowledge of Connemara traditions. Dillon's family was involved in Irish revolutionary politics; their uncle Joseph Mary Plunkett was a signatory of the 1916 Proclamation and was executed after the Easter Rising.
Educated by the Ursuline nuns in Sligo, they worked briefly in the hotel and catering trade. In 1940 they married Cormac Ó Cuilleanáin, an academic from University College Cork and 17 years their senior. They had three children: the Irish poet and Trinity College Dublin professor Eiléan Ní Chuilleanáin, Máire Ní Chuilleanáin, violinist with the London Philharmonic Orchestra who died in 1990, and Cormac Ó Cuilleanáin, also a Trinity professor, who writes novels as Cormac Millar.
Early writing career
Dillon's first books were in Irish including An Choill Bheo, published in 1948, Oscar agus an Cóiste sé nEasóg in 1952 and Ceol na coille in 1955. After the success of The Lost Island, published in 1952, they wrote almost exclusively in English. Most of their books were aimed at teen readers with themes of self-discovery and problem-solving evident.
In 1964 they moved to Rome due to their husband's poor health. While there they acted as adviser to International Commission on English in the Liturgy. They returned to Cork with their husband in 1969 where they died the following year. They continued to visit Italy over the next several years, setting some of their stories there including Living in Imperial Rome (1974) and The Five Hundred (1972), though these were not as popular as their Irish books. In 1974 they married the American-based critic and professor Vivian Mercier, dividing their time between California, Italy and Dublin.
Later writing career
Dillon's adult fiction career began in 1953 with the publication of the detective novel Death at Crane's Court. This was followed by Sent to Their Account in 1954 and Death in the Quadrangle in 1956. These novels are known for their depiction of contemporary Ireland. Over the following decade Dillon published many novels including The Bitter Glass (1959), Across the Bitter Sea (1973) and The Wild Geese (1981).
Final years
In their later years Dillon played a prominent role in Irish culture. They were a Fellow of the Royal Society for Literature and a member of Aosdána, served on the Irish Arts Council 1974–9, chaired the Irish Writers' Union and the Irish Writers' Centre, and founded the Irish Children's Book Trust. In 1987 Dillon and their husband moved permanently to Dublin where they supported up and coming Irish authors. Them last story was Children of Bach published in 1993. Eilís Dillon died in Dublin in 1994 and is buried beside their second husband in Clara, County Offaly; a prize in their memory is given annually as part of the CBI Book of the Year Awards.
References
External links
Eilís Dillon estate at WatsonLittle.com
Eilís Dillon website
1920 births
1994 deaths
Irish women poets
People from Galway (city)
People from County Galway
Irish women novelists
Irish children's writers
Irish women children's writers
20th-century Irish women writers
20th-century Irish novelists
20th-century Irish poets
Reginald Spofforth (1769 (baptised 12 September) - 8 September 1827) was an English musician. They were born in Southwell, Nottinghamshire but moved to London around 1790. They were active as an organist, conductor and music teacher, but they are best remembered as a composer. Their best known works are the glees Hail Smiling Morn (which has been described as having been "possibly the most popular glee in the entire repertory") and Hark! the Lark at Heaven's Gate Sings, which are included in a number of recent collections of part-songs.
They composed about 75 glees, also three books of nursery rhyme settings and many songs and duets, including songs for various stage performances at Covent Garden in the 1790s. Two elaborate hymns (To Thee, our Saviour and our King, and I sing the almighty power of God) were published in John Page's 'A Collection of Hymns', dated 21 and 28 October 1804 respectively.  They are thought not to have composed any instrumental music.
Their brother Samuel was a cathedral organist at Peterborough and Lichfield, and composed chants and cathedral music.
References
External links
Page with a link to a midi file of "Hail Smiling Morn"
A 19th century biography of Spofforth
English classical composers
Glee composers
1769 births
English male classical composers
1827 deaths
Roy Sesana (born c. 1950) is a San activist who worked together with the First People of the Kalahari for the rights of their tribe.
Biography
Sesana lives in New Xade in the central Kalahari and works as a traditional medicine man. They moved to South Africa for a couple of years, but returned to their people in 1971 in order to live together with them in the desert.  They are a leader of the people of the Gana, Gwi and Bakgalagadi ‘Bushmen'. In 1991, they joined the First People of the Kalahari (FPK) with John Hardbattle, which intensively promotes the traditional way of life, protecting the nature. In 1997, a small group of Bushmen still living in the Central Kalahari Game Reserve were resettled to the new built town of New Xade. The government claimed that this was a result of a mutual understanding that the continued presence of the group within the reserve was in conflict with the preservation of the game reserve. The government also claimed that it could not provide the group with basic infrastructure and services while they were within the reserve for the same reasons. A group of Bushmen represented by First People of the Kalahari refused to move, citing difficult conditions in the new settlement, the unfamiliar way of life they had to adjust to and many new social ills such as unemployment, alcoholism and diseases, especially HIV-AIDS.In 1995 Roy became chairperson of FPK. They have traveled to Europe and the United States a few times to stop Botswana government from forcing their people to evict their land.
In 2002, the First People of the Kalahari took the Government of Botswana to court to seek the right for the relocated people to return to the reserve. The protracted court case attracted substantial international attention. On December 13, 2006, Botswana's High Court ruled in the Bushmen's favour, stating that the evictions were unlawful and unconstitutional.
In September 2005, Sesana was arrested for "rioting" and attempting to "forcibly enter the Central Kalahari Game Reserve", but was released a couple of days later.
In December 2005, they received the Right Livelihood Award for "resolute resistance against eviction from their ancestral lands, and for upholding the right to their traditional way of life."
See also
Davi Kopenawa Yanomami
Stephen Corry
References
External links
I want 2 go home – Kgeikani Kweni (First People of the Kalahari)
The Right Livelihood Award – First People of the Kalahari / Roy Sesana (Botswana)
Right Livelihood Award Acceptance Speech by Roy Sesana
San people
Botswana human rights activists
Indigenous activists of Africa
Living people
1950s births
Year of birth uncertain
People from Ghanzi District
Archibald Campbell (fl. 1767) was a Scottish satirist.
Life
Campbell was the son of the philosopher Archibald Campbell. The younger Campbells' works prove that they were a classical scholar and he, himself, states that they had "all their lifetime dabbled in books". They became purser on a man-of-war and remained at sea, leading "a wandering and unsettled life". In 1745, William Falconer, author of the Shipwreck, who was serving on board the same ship with as campbell, became their servant and received some educational help from him. About 1760, being on a long voyage, Campbell read the Ramblers and, staying shortly thereafter at Pensacola, wrote their Lexiphanes and Sale of Authors. The works remained in manuscript for two years till they reached England. Lexiphanes, a Dialogue in imitation of Lucian, with a subtitle, saying it was "to correct as well as expose the affected style ... of our English Lexiphanes, the Rambler", was issued anonymously in March 1767 and was attributed by Hawkins to Kenrick. The Sale of Authors followed it in June of the same year. Campbell called Johnson "the great corrupter of our taste and language", and says, "I have endeavoured'd to ... hunt down this great unlick'd cub". In the Sale of Authors, the "sweetly plaintive Gray" was put up to auction, with Whitefield, Hervey, Sterne, Hoyle, etc. to determine their relative worth as writers.
Other works
Lexiphanes itself found an imitator in 1770 in George Colman, who used that signature to a philological squib, and a fourth edition of the real work, which still anonymous, was issued at Dublin in 1774. After this there is no evidence of anything relating to this author. The History of the Man alter God's own Heart, issued anonymously in 1761, generally attributed to Peter Annet, is asserted to have been written by Archibald Campbell, and this view has been adopted in the 1883 edition of Halkett and Laing's Dictionary of Anonymous and Pseudonymous Literature , ii. 1160. If so, the Letter to the Rev. Dr. Samuel Chandler, from the Writer of the History of the Man after God's own Heart, is also Campbell's.
References
Year of birth missing
Year of death missing
Scottish satirists
18th-century Scottish people
Scottish sailors
The Shivsagar Lake is a reservoir in the state of Maharashtra, India. The lake was formed after the Koyna River was impounded by the Koyna Dam. It has a length of and depth of .
See also
Koyna Hydroelectric Project
Koyna Dam
Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary
References
Reservoirs in Maharashtra
Monuments and memorials to Shivaji
Satara district
Gogodala Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Province, Papua New Guinea. The Gogodala-Suki languages, Dibiyaso, and Turumsa are mostly spoken within this LLG.
Wards
01. Ali
02. Makapa (Turumsa language and Dibiyaso language speakers)
03. Isago
04. Pikiwa (Dibiyaso language speakers)
05. Wasapea (Kamula language speakers)
06. Pisi
07. Semabo
08. Awaba
09. Dadi
10. Aketa
11. Kawito Station
12. Kotale
13. Kewa
14. Tai
15. Dogona
16. Adiba
17. Yau
18. Ike
19. Kini
20. Waligi
21. Kimama
22. Bamutsa (Dibiyaso language speakers)
23. Uladu
24. Ugu
25. Kenewa
26. Waya
27. Kubu
28. Duaba
29. Konedobu
30. Pagona
31. Dede
32. Sialoa
33. Kawiyapo
34. Uric
35. Aduru (Makayam language speakers)
36. Baramula (Baramu language speakers)
37. Tapila (Abom language and Baramu language speakers)
38. Lewada (Abom language and Makayam language speakers)
39. Dewara (Abom language and Were language speakers)
References
Local-level governments of Western Province (Papua New Guinea)
Bath Township, Ohio, may refer to:
Bath Township, Allen County, Ohio
Bath Township, Greene County, Ohio
Bath Township, Summit County, Ohio
Ohio township disambiguation pages
Vladyslav Yuriyovych Dubinchak (; born 1 July 1998) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for the Ukrainian Premier League club Dynamo Kyiv.
Career statistics
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
People from Vinnytsia Oblast
Ukrainian footballers
Ukraine youth international footballers
Ukraine under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Dynamo Kyiv players
FC Arsenal Kyiv players
FC Karpaty Lviv players
SC Dnipro-1 players
Ukrainian Premier League players
Sportspeople from Vinnytsia Oblast
Jonkheer Alexander "Dr Xand" van Tulleken (born 18 August 1978) is a British doctor and TV presenter.  They are best known for presenting the CBBC children's series Operation Ouch! with their slightly younger identical twin brother Chris , and the Channel 4 show How to Lose Weight Well.
Van Tulleken has presented many documentaries, including an episode of Horizon discussing male suicide and a BBC programme on the European migrant crisis. They can often be seen offering up their own body for science experimentation in diet show How to Lose Weight Well, as well as in BBC Horizon episodes "Sugar vs Fat" and "Is Binge Drinking Really That Bad?"  They are currently appearing regularly on the BBC1 weekday programme Morning Live, providing a variety of medical advice.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
Alumni of Somerville College, Oxford
Horizon (British TV series)
People educated at King's College School, London
British television presenters
Najjar Mahalleh (, also Romanized as Najjār Maḩalleh) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 841, in 238 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
"Nothing to Prove" is a feminist nerd-folk song by The Doubleclicks released on their second album Lasers and Feelings. It is a response to the misogynist concept of the "fake geek girl" and the subsequent bullying and gatekeeping prevalent within the geek community. The Doubleclicks released a crowd-sourced music video, featuring segments filmed by women within the geek community, that went viral and received over a million views.
Background
The Doubleclicks, nerd-folk duo and siblings Laser Malena-Webber and Aubrey Turner, have personal history of being challenged about their "geek cred" at shows and online. However, they were more concerned about young girls, just becoming interested in things but being bullied and shut out of the community by such behaviour just because of their gender.
Music video
The idea for the music video concept came from screenwriter, and friend of the Webber siblings, Josh A. Cagan. While touring, the duo recorded some clips of women holding signs about their geekery and how they have been challenged about it. When they returned from the tour they solicited submissions online, receiving a "completely overwhelming" response.
The video was released on YouTube on July 23, 2013. The video went viral, received 500,000 views within the first five days and soon exceeded one million.
Laser does, however, acknowledge a lack of intersectionality in the video as the majority of the contributors were white, saying "That means I didn't try hard enough."
Other appearances
The song was played before a panel called "Sex, Sexy and Sexism: Fixing Gender Inequality in Gaming" at PAX East in April 2014 to applause from the audience.
References
External links
Nothing to Prove video on YouTube
Nothing to Prove on Bandcamp
2013 songs
The Doubleclicks
Nerd-folk songs
Songs about bullying
Songs with feminist themes
Cașin is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of two villages, Cașin and Curița.
References
Communes in Bacău County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The Irish Experiment is the popular name for the interest, primarily from VFL/AFL clubs, in bringing Irish sportspeople, particularly Gaelic footballers, to Australia to play Australian rules football professionally. The AFL's focus on Gaelic footballers is due to the similarities between the sports.
The Irish Experiment began in the mid-1980s as an informal project of the Melbourne Football Club. Despite its initial success, enthusiasm for the project lapsed until the 2000s, when it again became ongoing, reaching a record level due to globalisation and professionalism in sport; however, it also faced significant challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The highest-profile product of the experiment to date has been Medal of the Order of Australia and 1991 Brownlow Medal recipient Jim Stynes, who was an early recruit in 1984, during their highly successful career they played more AFL games than any other Irish player. Tadhg Kennelly was the first to win a premiership in 2005.
Over the years, the Irish experiment has attracted media and public interest in both Ireland and Australia. As of 2022, five men recruited from Ireland reached 100 AFL games, though the majority have returned having experienced minimal success in Australia. Since 2018 Irish women have become a major source of talent for the professional AFL Women's competition, with almost an entire team's worth of players participating in the 2020 season. To date, a handful of these recruits have experienced accolades, including first premiership player Ailish Considine, first Irish All-Australian Orla O'Dwyer and notable goalkicker Cora Staunton.
History
One of the first gaelic footballers to convert to Australian rules was Eugene King, who arrived in Australia in 1956 and was invited to train with the Footscray Football Club however they had difficulty with the shape of the ball and did not make the grade.
Australian Football World Tour
In 1967, Harry Beitzel drew inspiration from watching the 1966 All-Ireland Senior Football Championship final on television and formed an Australian side, nicknamed "The Galahs", to play the game against an Irish side. The next year they organised The Australian Football World Tour, a six-match series with games played against Irish teams in Ireland, the United Kingdom and United States of America. What followed was the beginning of regular interaction between the two codes which was to become the hybrid code of International Rules Football.
Beginnings of the Irish Experiment
Ron Barassi, drawing comparisons between Australian rules football and Gaelic football was of the opinion that Gaelic Footballers could provide a previously untapped pool of potential Australian Rules players. At the time, Australian Rules was, with the introduction of the Sydney Swans, increasing its national focus and emerging from a semi-professional sport to a fully professional one. As a result, wealthy Victorian clubs were scouting the country far and wide for new talent to gain an advantage in the sport's premier competition. In 1982, Barassi (then the Melbourne VFL club coach) and their recruiting team including Melbourne's Barry Richardson travelled to Ireland, looking for young, tall, and talented players.
The first recruit was Sean Wight. Wight was part of an Under 19 VFL premiership side just weeks after their arrival from Ireland in 1983 and was widely hailed for their rapid conversion, though others who joined them had much less success. Further advertising resulted in the recruitment of a "tall, skinny lad", Jim Stynes. Both Wight and Stynes, still very much learning the game, played together in the club's 1987 night premiership. While Stynes captured the Melbourne reserves best and fairest that year, they also involved in an embarrassing event which cast doubts on the Irish experiment. Their lack of understanding of the rules arguably cost Melbourne a berth in the 1987 VFL Grand Final. The infamous Preliminary Final incident in which they ran over the mark before the siren made them and the Irish experiment the focus of Melbourne media. The mistake awarded Hawthorn's Gary Buckenara a 15-metre penalty which resulted in a winning goal to qualify for the Grand Final. Despite the setback, Stynes and Wight were both to improve in the following seasons and become regular senior players.
Wight and Stynes both featured in the 1988 VFL Grand Final. However, despite high expectations Melbourne was convincingly thrashed by Hawthorn, then the dominant club of the era. However, Stynes was voted best on field for the Demons.
At the end of the 1988 season, Victoria Football Association (VFA) club Prahran enticed Dermot McNicholl, who had starred in two previous International rules series, to move to Melbourne. Two weeks later, St Kilda drafted them with the 99th selection in the 1988 VFL draft. In the same draft, Melbourne recruited two more Irish players, Jim Stynes' brother Brian and Tom Grehan. McNicholl spent the 1989 season playing for Prahran, before injury forced them to miss the first half of the 1990 season, after which they recovered and made their senior debut for St Kilda. They played three senior games before returning to Ireland to complete their university studies.
A much improved Jim Stynes won the Brownlow Medal in 1991, elevating them in the elite category of players for many years to come. However the rare successes were increasingly seen as "one offs" and other clubs showed little enthusiasm with the "hit-and-miss" strategy. Melbourne, the trailblazer club, was not translating recruitment into on-field success and was fast losing financial resources that were required to sustain international recruitment. As a result, few AFL clubs recruited Gaelic footballers played at the highest level in the 1990s. It was later Stynes' post-playing career as Melbourne president that helped the club eliminate A$5 million in debt in two years, leaving the club A$400,000 in surplus. The Demons had been in debt for thirty years.
Despite the Melbourne Football Club's enthusiasm for the Irish experiment and early success with some Irish players, the majority of players from the Irish Experiment did not fare as well. Most failed to meet expectations, not make VFL level, and many instead returned home to Ireland. Even the recruitment of Jim Stynes' brother Brian yielded just a handful of unimpressive senior games and McNicholl returned home after only 3 matches.
With the increasing professionalism of the AFL competition, some clubs continued to speculate about the overseas talent pool. Kevin Sheedy in particular conducted a series of their own experiments with overseas players from various sporting backgrounds, but did not include Ireland or Gaelic football. Despite generating media publicity, none of these experiments were ultimately successful and increasingly sections of the Australian media began to mock the idea of international recruitment.
2000s revival
The Irish experiment lay dormant for many years until Melbourne once again began to take an interest in it. The Sydney Swans followed with the recruitment of Tadhg Kennelly through its rookie list. Kennelly was an almost overnight success, being nominated for the AFL Rising Star award in their first season and widely hailed by the media. As a result, other clubs began to show a much keener interest in Irish talent.
With access to additional resources, AFL clubs began to spend more time and effort in identifying and training athletic and talented rookies. Collingwood, Carlton and Brisbane in particular began to show an interest and to hold scouting sessions and tryouts for Irish players.
Carlton followed and its experiments with Setanta and Aisake Ó hAilpín began to bear fruit and attract significant media interest in both Australia and Ireland. These experiments were of particular note, as for the first time a club was looking to other sports than Gaelic football, by identifying talented hurling athletes with the right ingredients to become AFL players.
With Gaelic footballer Colm Begley's rapid conversion at Brisbane and Martin Clarke's successful AFL debut, media commentators hailed a new era for the Irish experiment. During the 2007 AFL season several AFL clubs began sending talent scouts to Ireland.
In March 2008, it was revealed by the media that the AFL had considered a radical proposal to launch an Irish-dominated team in Sydney's western suburbs, which would perform before an international audience under the Celtic brand name. The "Sydney Celtics" plan was first put to AFL chief executive Andrew Demetriou in early 2007 by Gaelic Players Association executive Donal O'Neill. It was said that the proposal originated at the International Rules Series in Ireland in late 2006, where O'Neill put forward a plan to purchase an AFL licence in Sydney. However, the AFL later dismissed it as simple speculation.
Mid 2008, the interest of clubs reached a peak and Tadhg Kennelly and Jim Stynes spoke out about the increasing recruitment activity. AFL player manager Ricky Nixon set up recruitment networks in Ireland to complement those already in place by clubs such as Collingwood, Carlton and Brisbane. Nickey Brennan, GAA boss spoke out against the recruitment activity in June 2008. The AFL and GAA had ongoing discussions about putting limits on the recruitment of players.
Despite the rise of former hurler Setanta Ó hAilpín in the AFL, recruitment interest in Ireland began to wane in mid-2010. Several Irish players cancelled their rookie contracts to return home, others were delisted after brief bouts in the various state leagues.
2010-2015: AFL turns to other sources of talent
With a media circus surrounding the conversion of professional Australian rugby league players Karmichael Hunt to the Gold Coast Football Club and Israel Folau to the Greater Western Sydney Giants focus began to shift to other sports, particularly rugby football as a potential source of talent. With the success of Canadian rugby union player Mike Pyke's conversion and many other players transitioning at junior level the AFL and commentators began to speculate that professional rugby league players might make an easier transition to the AFL due to coming from a high-contact professional sport involving an oval ball. The transition of two highly publicised rugby league players has since proved to be of little success, and the cross/code focus of AFL recruiters has returned to the GAA and expanded to include American professional sportsmen.
In particular, the first AFL International Combine was held in the United States targeting college basketballers and college footballers was particularly successful, eventually producing such AFL listed Americans as: Eric Wallace, Jason Holmes and Mason Cox.
Revival and European Combine 2015–2020
In 2015, the AFL appointed Tadhg Kennelly, a former player for the Sydney Swans as its International Talent Manager and in addition to the US Combine Kennelly organised a special European Combine to be held in Dublin. As expected, the large proportion of the turn out were Gaelic footballers. The two best-performing participants at the combine are then given the opportunity to attend the AFL National Combine. Sean Hurley, Paddy Brophy, Daniel Flynn, Ciarán Byrne, Ciarán Sheehan and Cian Hanley are some notable people who have previously attended the combine.
In 2018, the Irish contingent in the AFL consisted of five senior-listed players and six rookie-listed players.
The 2020 AFL Grand Final featured two players: Zach Tuohy and Mark O'Connor. Both were playing for Geelong but the team lost the game to Richmond.
Damage inflicted by the 2020 Conor McKenna coverage
On 20 June 2020, Conor McKenna of Essendon tested positive for the highly infectious novel coronavirus disease COVID-19. This resulted in the postponement of the match scheduled for the following day between Essendon and Melbourne. One other player was quarantined due to close contact during training. McKenna had another COVID-19 test on 22 June which was confirmed as negative in the evening of 23 June. They remained in quarantine pending a further test later in the week. During this time McKenna was subjected to an intense trial by media, abuse on social media and became a public villain in the country, treatment which provoked much criticism. On 8 September 2020, McKenna announced their retirement and return to Ireland after 79 games played. Geelong footballer Zach Tuohy described the official and media abuse directed at McKenna as "disgraceful" and "outrageous". In Ireland, it was also suggested "stars of the future that may being tempted to pursue a life in the AFL Down Under, may reconsider".
List of Irish sportsmen linked with the VFL/AFL
This list includes any player who at minimum (regardless of whether they ever went to Australia or played actual VFL/AFL matches) meets any one of the following criteria:
a) brought to Australia by an AFL club
b) spent time training with an AFL club
c) played in an AFL club's affiliated state league club or AFL practice match
d) offered an AFL contract by a club
e) listed on an AFL rookie or senior list
Notable players
The following players from the Irish experiment have either played a VFL/AFL game, or are currently on an AFL list.
Other
The following players have been connected with a VFL/AFL club, but never played a senior game.
AFLW
As of 2018/2019 the AFLW was actively recruiting ladies Gaelic footballers primarily due to the success of Laura Duryea who originally found success in the sport while travelling in Australia, and recent increase in the success rate of the men's programs.
References
See also
List of players who have converted from one football code to another
Comparison of Australian rules football and Gaelic football
Australian rules football in Ireland
Comparison of Gaelic football and Australian rules football
History of Australian rules football
Gaelic football
Lists of players of Australian rules football
Lists of Gaelic football players
The following page lists hydroelectric power stations that generate power using the run-of-the-river method. This list includes most power stations that are larger than in maximum net capacity, which are currently operational or under construction. Those power stations that are smaller than , and those that are only at a planning/proposal stage, may be found in regional lists, are listed at the end of the page.
Hydroelectric power stations
This table lists currently operational power stations. Some of these may have additional units under construction, but only current net capacity is listed.
Under construction
This table lists stations under construction or operational stations with under-construction and current net capacity over 100 MW.
See also
List of the largest power stations in the world
List of pumped-storage hydroelectric power stations
List of hydroelectric power station failures
References
Hydroelectric
Run of the river
We'Moon: Gaia Rhythms for Womyn is an astrological and lunar calendar datebook, featuring art and writing submitted by, for and about women. "Wemoon" means "women," "we of the Moon" (for other alternative political spellings, see Womyn). The datebook was founded in 1981 and is published annually in Oregon, USA, by Mother Tongue Ink (d.b.a. We'Moon Company). We'Moon is a publication focused on “helping women make their daily lives sacred and align themselves with Earth and Moon rhythms.”
History
We'Moon was inspired by the women's liberation and emerging people's movements of the 1960s and 1970s, and came to fruition in the 1980s as a vehicle for the creative expression of women's empowerment and earth-based spirituality. The idea of a special calendar for women—based on lunar, solar and astrological cycles—originated at Kvindelandet, an international women's land in Denmark where 50–60 lesbians from different countries lived together in the late 1970s. The first We'Moon was self-published in France in 1981 under the name of Mother Tongue Ink, as a pocket-sized astrological moon calendar diary, handwritten in five languages. The first five editions were pocket-sized, homemade, and continually evolving in format, design and technology, changing languages every year. During these years, the datebook was created by groups of volunteers in various locations in Europe.
We'Moon '87 was the first edition created in the U.S., where production has remained. Mother Tongue Ink, d.b.a. We'Moon Company, was incorporated in 1995. In 2009, Mother Tongue Ink published a children's book, The Last Wild Witch, by Starhawk, illustrated by Lindy Kehoe. In the Spirit of We'Moon – Celebrating 30 years – An Anthology of We'Moon Art and Writing, was released in 2011. In the Spirit of We'Moon is "an anthology of writing and art originally published in the annual publication We'Moon, with commentary and other new material."
Contents
We'Moon sends out an annual Call for Contributions to women internationally, and publishes approximately 250 pieces of original art and writing in each year's datebook. We'Moon's thematic focus includes feminism, goddess and earth-based spirituality, world community, environmentalism, peace and justice. The datebook includes articles by astrologers Gretchen Lawlor, Heather Roan Robbins, Susan Levitt and Sandra Pastorius. Lunar phase and astrological aspect data are listed for each date.
Over the years, We'Moon has published work by thousands of contributing women, including writings by Joanna Macy, Starhawk, Susun Weed, Winona LaDuke, Carolyn Gage, Myshkin, Vicki Noble, Donna Henes, Alice Walker, and founding editor Musawa, and art by Monica Sjoo, Tee Corinne, Meinrad Craighead, Toni Truesdale, Betty LaDuke, Sandra Stanton, Leah Dorion, Max Dashu, Sudie Rakusin and Hrana Janto.
References
External links
We'Moon
Ecofeminism
Women's culture
Fiction set on the Moon
Calendars
Feminist art
Religion and the arts
Astrology
Wiccan feminism
1980s in modern Paganism
Keaiwa Heiau State Recreation Area is the ruins of a temple (Heiau in the Hawaiian language) at the summit of a hill and neighborhood called Aiea Heights on Oahu, Hawaii. The recreation area includes camping facilities and a trail. It also offers clear views of Pearl Harbor. The high point of Puu Uau is about halfway down the trail, where native ohia lehua and koa trees may be viewed. The remains of a military plane that crashed in 1944 can also be seen along the trail. The hike is not particularly difficult, however it does include one quite steep switchback stretch and can be extremely muddy if it has just rained. Allow for around 2.5 hours of easy strolling. A possible translation of Keaʻiwa would be mysterious, incomprehensible. It is believed that this name was given in reference to the healing powers of the plants that no one could really explain. In addition, Keaiwa Heiau may have also been known as a "Heiau Hoʻola," or the healing or life-giving heiau according to native Hawaiian scholar Mary Kawena Pukui.
Foresters replanted most of this area in the late 1920s. The lemon eucalyptus trees give forth a mild citrus scent in the air. The trail's lower end is marked by stands of Norfolk Island pine trees. Pu'u Uau, the trail's high point around halfway along the length, is surrounded by native koa and ohi'a trees. There is also wreckage of a B-24 aircraft that went down in 1944.
The name "Keʻaiwa" means "strange" or "incomprehensible" un Hawaiian. Perhaps the name refers to the idea that the powers of the kahuna and the plants employed in healing are unfathomable.
Erected sometime in the 16th century by Kakuhihewa, the 15th Aliʻi ʻAimoku, or ruling chief, of Oahu, the 100 feet (24 m) by stone temple had walls averaging 4 ft in height and 5 ft in width. The walls consisted of numerous evenly faced one foot stones that are filled with rubble. Abundant medicinal herbs in the area were used by kahuna as a type of ancient herbal clinic. The kahuna would also train haumana (students) interested in the art of laʻau lapaʻau (healing medicine). The kahuna would also train students in the practice of praying, fasting, and medicinal healing using the neighboring plants. The reputed healing powers of the surrounding plants still draws visitors who leave temple offerings, hoping to experience medicinal benefits.
Most of the trees in the area were replanted during the early 20th century. Although native species can be found at the highpoint of the trail. The remnants of a military airplane that crashed onto the area in 1993 can also be seen from the trail.
The site provides a map for the Aiea Loop Trail. Several varieties of trees and other vegetation are enjoyed by visitors who make the trek.
Fees, hours, and facilities
Heiau State Recreation Area is free to the public.
April 1 to Labor Day: 7 am to 7:45 pm
After Labor Day to March 31: 7 am to 6:45 pm
The camping and picnic areas accommodate up to 100 people and come equipped with restrooms and showers. Advance permits must be obtained for camping.
Gallery
KEAIWA HEIAU A temple with life giving powers believed to be a center where the Hawaiian kahuna lapaau or herb doctor practiced the art of healing. Herbs grown in nearby gardens were compounded and prescribed with prayer—Commission on Historical Sites
See also
Oahu
Aiea, Hawaii
List of Hawaii state parks
Kahuna
References
External links
Aiea, Hawaii
Heiau
State parks of Hawaii
Geography of Honolulu
Tourist attractions in Honolulu
Protected areas of Oahu
Native Hawaiian culture in Honolulu
Thennangur, is a town panchayat located in the Vandavasi Taluk of Tiruvannamalai district in Tamil Nadu, India. The town also known as Dakshina Halasyam and is the site of the 25 year old, uniquely designed Sri Panduranga Hindu temple.
Location
Thennangur is located on State Highway 116, between Kanchipuram and Vandavasi, and is served by buses from both cities. It is away from the district capital, Tiruvannamalai, and from Tamil Nadu's state capital, Chennai.
References
External links
GA Trust
Thennangur temple details
The Hindu - Return to the roots
Villages in Tiruvannamalai district
Tiruvannamalai district
Cities and towns in Tiruvannamalai district
A discography for the band The Brooklyn Bridge.
Studio albums
1968 Brooklyn Bridge
1969 The Second Brooklyn Bridge
1970 The Brooklyn Bridge
1972 The Bridge in Blue (as The Bridge)
Johnny Maestro & The Brooklyn Bridge
1989 Christmas Is... (EP)
1993 Johnny Maestro and The Brooklyn Bridge
1994 A cappella
2002 Peace on Earth
2004 Today
2007 Songs of Inspiration (reissue of Peace on Earth)
2009 Today, Volume 2
Live albums
2008 Johnny Maestro & The Brooklyn Bridge~The Greatest Hits Live
Compilations
1971 The Johnny Maestro Story
1981 Johnny Maestro sings their biggest hits with the Crests and the Brooklyn Bridge
1981 Johnny Maestro~History Of A Legend
1992 The Greatest Hits of Johnny Maestro & The Brooklyn Bridge
1992 Johnny Maestro & The Brooklyn Bridge~For Collectors Only
2006 The Best Of Johnny Maestro (1958-1985)
2010 The Solo Sides and More... Johnny Maestro ~ Maestro Music Please
Videos
2005: "Pop Legends Live"
2012: "An Intimate Evening With Johnny Maestro & The Brooklyn Bridge ~ 40th Anniversary Edition"
Other album & film appearances
1970: "It's Your Thing" (concert)(VHS) Performers
1972: "The Daredevil" (movie)(VHS) Performers (as themselves)
1975: "20 Years of Rock & Roll" (concert)(DVD) Performers
1979: "Hair" (DVD) Johnny Maestro, Jim Rosica, Fred Ferrara—singers in "The Black Boys" musical scene
1988: "Shake, Rattle & Roll" (concert)(DVD) Performers
1990: "The Greatest Rock n' Roll Hits of the 50s and 60s" (concert)(DVD) Performers
1999: "Doo Wop 50" PBS(TV)(DVD) Performers
2005: "Doo Wop Vocal Group Greats Live" PBS(TV)(DVD) Performers (Johnny Maestro served as co-host)
2010: "Johnny Maestro Video Collection" (DVD) Performances by Johnny Maestro and The Brooklyn Bridge on TV shows and telethons
Singles
"Worst That Could Happen" (1968/69) US #3, Canada #3
"Blessed Is the Rain" (1969) US #46, Canada #48
"Welcome Me Love" (1969) US #48, Canada #38
"Your Husband, My Wife" (1969) US #46
"You'll Never Walk Alone" (1969) US #51
"Down By the River" (1970) US #91
"Day Is Done" (1970) US #96
"Christmas Serenade" (1989)
References
Discographies of American artists
Rhythm and blues discographies
Jonathan David Knott (born August 4, 1978 in Manassas, Virginia) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder.
Career
After graduating in 2001 with a Master of Business Administration degree from Mississippi State University, Knott was signed by Mal Fichman as an amateur free agent with the San Diego Padres. They made their major league debut on May 30, . They became a free agent on December 12, , after they were not offered a contract by the Padres. They signed a minor league contract with the Baltimore Orioles nine days later.
In 2006, Knott led the Pacific Coast League in home runs and RBI 32 and 113, respectively. Knott was the first Portland Beavers player to top the PCL in home runs since and they were the first Portland batter to win the RBI title in the leagues modern era.
Knott was recalled to the Orioles on June 23, , to replace the injured Miguel Tejada. They were optioned back to the Norfolk Tides on June 29. They were recalled again on July 14, this time to occupy the roster spot vacated when third baseman Melvin Mora went on the disabled list. Knott was designated for assignment by the Orioles on September 9, 2007, and became a free agent at the end of the season.
On January 6, , they signed a minor league deal with the Minnesota Twins. Knott opened the 2008 season with the Twins' Triple-A team, the Rochester Red Wings. They played in 17 games for the Red Wings, batting .182 with a home run and three RBI. They were traded to the Philadelphia Phillies during the season and became a free agent after the season ended. They were signed by the independent Atlantic League's Camden Riversharks on May 29, 2009. On August 25, 2009 Knott was signed by the Milwaukee Brewers and assigned to their Triple-A affiliate, the Nashville Sounds. They filed for free agency after the season.
References
External links
1978 births
Living people
People from Manassas, Virginia
Baseball players from Virginia
Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball players
Major League Baseball outfielders
San Diego Padres players
Baltimore Orioles players
Portland Beavers players
Norfolk Tides players
Rochester Red Wings players
Lehigh Valley IronPigs players
Nashville Sounds players
Camden Riversharks players
The 2010–11 Football League Two is Wycombe Wanderers F.C.'s seventeenth season of League football. This article shows statistics of the club's players in the season, and also lists all matches that the club has played during the season.
League table
Match results
Legend
Friendlies
Football League Two
FA Cup
League Cup
Football League Trophy
Squad statistics
Appearances for competitive matches only
See also
2010–11 in English football
Wycombe Wanderers F.C.
References
External links
Wycombe Wanderers official website
Wycombe Wanderers F.C. seasons
Wycombe Wanderers
Vista Grande High School is a high school in Casa Grande, Arizona started in 2009. It is part of the Casa Grande Union High School District.
It was opened to relieve continuing enrollment growth at Casa Grande Union High School, which had swelled to over 3,300 students and become Arizona's largest single-campus high school during the mid-2000s as the town it served exploded in population. Ground was broken in 2007 on the of space on the campus. The school has a capacity of 1,875 students, a capacity it is nearing as of 2012. At the start of the 2011 school year, Vista Grande had an estimated 2,000 students enrolled and is continuing to expand. Vista Grande's primary sport is football, by having the most support in means of staff, students, and accessible money. In 2010, the Spartans' varsity football team won the Arizona state independent championship over Campo Verde High School. Vista Grande is now part of Arizona's football Division 5A and can now compete for an actual state title. The Boys Varsity Soccer team went to their first playoff game in school history in 2016. Also in 2016 the Vista Grande basketball team went to the sectional tournament and lost, led by Andrew Spignor, Jeremy Zepeda, Brendan Ethinton, and the late addition of Skyler Collins among others.
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County, Arizona
Buildings and structures in Casa Grande, Arizona
2009 establishments in Arizona
Knibb is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
John Knibb (1650–1722), English clockmaker
Kellion Knibb (born 1993), Jamaican athlete
Lloyd Knibb (1931–2011), Jamaican drummer
William Knibb (1803–1845), English Baptist minister and missionary to Jamaica
See also
Knabb
The 2021–22 Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball team represented Lipscomb University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bisons, led by 3rd-year head coach Lennie Acuff, played their home games at the Allen Arena in Nashville, Tennessee as members of the West Division of the ASUN Conference.
Previous season
The Bisons finished the 2020–21 season 15–12, 9–6 in ASUN play to finish in third place. In the quarterfinals of the ASUN Tournament, the Bisons lost to Florida Gulf Coast.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| ASUN Conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| ASUN Tournament
|-
Sources
References
Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball seasons
Lipscomb Bisons
Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball
Lipscomb Bisons men's basketball
Grinding, also known as juking, freak dancing or freaking (in the Caribbean, wining) is a type of close partner dance where two or more dancers rub or bump their bodies against each other, most often with a female dancer rubbing or bumping their buttocks against a male dancer's crotch. The male dancer will typically place their hands on the female dancer's waist, hips, or buttocks.
Grinding gained widespread popularity as a hip hop dance in night clubs, and eventually moved on to high school and middle school dances in the US and Canada where there have been cases of administrators attempting to ban it due to its explicit nature.
See also
Perreo
Twerking
References
Afro-Caribbean culture
Dances of the United States
Hip hop dance
Vrtovče () is a small village in the hills south of the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.
Geography
Vrtovče consists of the main village core and the smaller hamlet of Lisjaki (also known as Lisjaki na Hribu) to the southeast. Nearby elevations include Školj Hill () to the west, Sharp Peak (Ostri vrh, ) to the southeast, and Tibot Hill () to the south. Pralo Creek is fed by a spring south of Vrtovče; the site is known as Pri Studencu (literally, 'at the spring'). The name Pralo comes from the verb prati 'to wash' because the clean water of the creek was used for laundering.
Cultural heritage
A reservoir and water trough were built at Pri Studencu in 1903 to supply workers building the section of the Bohinj Railway between Dornberk and Štanjel. Tibot Hill is named after Saint Theobald; there are ruins of a church dedicated to saint on the hill.
References
External links
Vrtovče at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Ajdovščina
Mesimeri () is a village and a community of the Thermaikos municipality. Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Epanomi, of which it was a municipal district. The 2011 census recorded 1,831 inhabitants in the village. The community of Mesimeri covers an area of 12.825 km2.
See also
List of settlements in the Thessaloniki regional unit
References
Populated places in Thessaloniki (regional unit)
Parramatta Football Club, commonly known as Parramatta Melita Eagles or just Melita, are a semi-professional Australian soccer club based in South Granville, New South Wales. The club was established by Maltese migrants in 1956 and played several seasons in the National Soccer League, winning the NSL Cup twice. Later they were in the New South Wales Premier League, which the club won on six occasions. The club currently competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW 4.
History
The club was formed in 1956 as Melita Eagles United Soccer Football Club by Maltese immigrants after the amalgamation of two Maltese clubs; Malta Eagles (Established 1952) and Melita Soccer Football Club (Established 1953). Prior to their amalgamation, these two clubs were the fiercest of rivals, competing in the Eastern Suburbs Soccer Football Association (ESSFA).
Melita Eagles have had a long and distinguished career in NSW soccer history. Their origins in the Maltese community stretch way back to the formation of the original NSW Federation of Soccer Clubs in 1957. Along with higher profile clubs like Prague, Hakoah, APIA Leichhardt, St George, Pan-Hellenic and others, it was part of the original breakaway movement which led to the end of the old NSW Soccer Football Association in January 1957.
The club was previously known as Melita Eagles United Soccer Football Club, Melita Eagles-Newtown, Parramatta Melita Eagles, Parramatta Eagles, PCYC Parramatta Eagles.
2007–2012
After having been relegated at the end of the 2006 season from the NSW Premier League, the club evolved into PCYC Parramatta Eagles FC with the backing of the NSW Police Citizens Youth Club, and competed in the NSW Super League in 2007. The Eagles qualified for the finals series in all four seasons under PCYC, suffering defeats in the 2008 and 2009 Grand Finals. As a result of the first team finishing as Premiers in 2010, the club was promoted back to the Premier League.
In 2011, a new partnership was formed between Parramatta Melita Eagles Sports Club and Granville and Districts Soccer Football Association (GDSFA), in which the club became known as Parramatta FC. Although the first grade team finished at the bottom of the NSW Premier League ladder in 2011, strong performances by the Under 20 and Under 18 teams ensured that the club remained eligible to play Premier League football in 2012, due to the state's system of promotion and relegation. The Eagles weren't so lucky in 2012, suffering relegation.
2013–Present Day: National Premier Leagues NSW Introduction
In 2013, the Eagles would return to the second division, now labelled the NPL NSW 2, after the introduction of the National Premier Leagues, finishing just outside finals contention. Parramatta made amends in 2014, finishing as Minor Premiers and nine points clear at the top of the table. Sadly, Parramatta would lose their Grand Final, but would return to the National Premier Leagues NSW competition for the 2015 season.
Surviving relegation on the final day in 2015, and then missing out on the finals series after being just outside the top five for much of the 2016 season, 2017 was the season the club hoped to finally qualify for NPL1 finals football for the first time since the 2002/03 season. What was to come would be a first in the club's 60 year history and a shock to every supporter. Already struggling at the bottom of the table, an exodus of senior players occurred during the mid season transfer window. Although performances had improved, the team could not avoid finishing bottom of the table and suffering relegation.
Under a new board led by business person, local community leader and GDSFA treasurer, Steve Elriche, there was hope heading into the 2018 season. The season started very promisingly, however, as the season wore on, the lack of depth in the three senior squads began to reveal issues due to the events which occurred in 2017. The mid season transfer window saw all three grades, in particular 1st Grade, look to strengthen their squads, but the player point system which clubs were to abide by proved a massive obstacle for our club. Sadly, missed opportunities in matches throughout the season cost Parramatta, finishing last on the Club Championship table for the second season in a row, and suffered a successive relegation.
While 2019 saw an improvement in the club's performance, Parramatta FC's 1st Grade side could not grab enough wins throughout the regular season to avoid relegation once again, a rare third successive relegation occurred. With the bottom five NSW NPL3 clubs on the Club Championship table to be dropped to compete in the NSW NPL4 competition for the 2020 season (Due to Football NSW's proposed restructuring), the Eagles would finish third last.
Honours/Highlights
IFFHS World Top 100 Clubs
Twice named (2): 1993 (Ranked 90 & 98)
National Soccer League Cup
Winners (2): 1990–91, 1993–94
Runners-Up (1): 1992–93
National Soccer League Challenge Cup
Winners (1): 1994
Maltese Cultural Cup
Winners (1): 2020
Umbro International Cup
Winners (1): 1977
NSW Waratah Cup
Runners-Up (1): 1996
NSW Ampol Cup
Runners-Up (2): 1978, 1979
National Premier Leagues NSW
Premiers (6): 1980, 1983, 1986, 1989, 1997, 2001–02
Champions (6): 1985, 1988, 1989, 1996, 1997, 2001–02
Grand Finalist (4): 1980, 1983, 1986, 1999
NSW League One
Premiers (3): 1977, 2010, 2014
Grand Finalist (3): 2008, 2009, 2014
NSW League Two
Premiers (1): 1961
Divisional History
1957–1958: NSW Division Two (NL1)1959–1961: NSW Division Three (NL2)
1962–1966: NSW Division Two (NL3)1967–1970: NSW Division One (NPL)
1971–1977: NSW Division Two (NL1)1978: NSW Division One (NPL)
1979–1982: NSW State League (NPL)1983: NSW Division One (NPL)
1984: National Soccer League (NSL)1985–1989: NSW Division One (NPL)
1989–1995: National Soccer League (NSL)1996–2000: NSW Super League (NPL)
2000–2006: NSW Premier League (NPL)2007–2010: NSW Super League (NL1)
2011–2012: NSW Premier League (NPL)2013–2014: NSW National Premier League 2 (NL1)
2015–2017: NSW National Premier League 1 (NPL)2018: NSW National Premier League 2 (NL1)
2019: NSW National Premier League 3 (NL2)2020–2021 : NSW National Premier League 4 (NL3)
2022: NSW League Three (NL3)
Notable Internationals
ArgentinaHector Martinez
AustraliaAhmad Elrich
Alan Hunter (Australian association footballer)
Andrew Callanan
Anissa Tann
Attila Abonyi
Aytek Genc
Cliff van Blerk
David Lowe
Erik Paartalu
Gabriel Mendez
George Haniotis
Glenn Gwynne
Greg Brown (footballer, born 1962)
Howard Tredinnick
James Holland (footballer)
Joe Spiteri
John Davies
Mark Bridge
Mark Milligan
Marshall Soper
Matthew Bingley
Matthew Jurman
Mitchell Duke
Nathan Burns
Oliver Bozanic
Peter Katholos
Robert Wheatley
Saso Petrovski
Shannon Cole
Sharon Dewar
Tarek Elrich
Terry Greedy
Tony Franken
Tracey Wheeler
Walter Ardone
AustriaKarl Jaros
CameroonCyrille Ndongo-Keller
GuineaBallamodou Conde
LebanonMichael Reda
Yahya El Hindi
MaltaFred Falzon
Joe Cilia
Joe 'il Faqi' Farrugia
Joe 'Ginger' Zammit
Ray Farrugia
New ZealandIstvan Nemet
PhilippinesDominic del Rosario
PolandJarosław Nowicki
UruguayWashington González
Wales'''
Trevor Edwards
References
External links
https://parramattafc.com.au/
https://www.facebook.com/ParramattaFC/
https://www.facebook.com/parramatta.melita.eagles/
History of Parramatta Eagles
National Premier Leagues clubs
Association football clubs established in 1956
National Soccer League (Australia) teams
New South Wales Premier League teams
Soccer clubs in Sydney
1956 establishments in Australia
Sport in Parramatta
