Margaret Evangeline (born 1943 in Baton Rouge, Louisiana) is a post-minimalist painter, video, performance, and installation artist noted for their bullet-riddled paintings.
Life
Evangeline was born in Baton Rouge, LA, and lived in New Orleans before moving to New York City in 1992. Evangeline received their M.F.A. and B.A. from the University of New Orleans. Evangeline has had more than forty solo exhibitions in the United States and abroad and has been awarded grants from the Pollock-Krasner Foundation, New York Foundation for the Arts, and the ART/OMI Foundation Artist in Residence.
Works
Evangeline's diverse practice includes large-scale site-specific installations using mirror-like surfaces. In these installations, viewers can find their reflections moving through bullet-marked environments of woods or water, with outcomes sometimes documented in Evangeline's videos. The installations became linked with environmental art, as the shot mirror polished stainless steel panels they are known for begin as a performance in either the woods, the New Mexico landscape, or the sky, which are mirrored in the context of the artwork. In New Orleans, they filled a cottage with fertile dirt from the Mississippi River, which sprouted new growth from seeds they planted.
As a process artist their work began to evolve to include autobiographical elements, which distinguishes their work from other process art. Them career-spanning monograph was published by Charta in 2011. Including an essay by Edward Lucie-Smith and an interview by Dominique Nahas, it was reviewed in The Brooklyn Rail article 'Margaret Evangeline: Shooting Through the Looking Glass'
Sabachthani, a book of photographs, essays and poetry centered around a project Evangeline carried out in collaboration with their son's military unit in Iraq, was also published by Charta in November 2012.
References
External links
Margaret Evangeline artist gallery at stuxgallery.com
1943 births
Living people
Artists from Baton Rouge, Louisiana
Artists from New York City
Painters from New York (state)
American women sculptors
American women painters
University of New Orleans alumni
American women video artists
American video artists
American women installation artists
American women performance artists
20th-century American painters
21st-century American painters
American performance artists
American installation artists
20th-century American sculptors
20th-century American women artists
21st-century American women artists
Sculptors from New York (state)
American contemporary painters
Ulf Kvendbo (born 11 April 1948 in Stockholm, Sweden) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and in the 1972 Winter Olympics.
References
1948 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Ski jumpers at the 1972 Winter Olympics
Colonel Martin Madan (1700–1756) was groom of the bedchamber to Frederick, Prince of Wales, and MP for Wootton Basset from 1742 to 1747. Madan also served as a colonel in the Dragoon Guards.
Family
Martin Madan was married to Judith Madan (née Cowper) the English poet who called them Lysander in a poem entitled "To Lysander" composed on 3 October 1726, one year after the birth of their son.
Their sons included Rev. Martin Madan, author of Thelyphthora, a defence of polygamy, and the Right Rev. Spencer Madan, bishop successively of Bristol and Peterborough. Their elder daughter, Frances Maria Cowper, married William Cowper of Hertingfordbury, their first cousin; the younger daughter Penelope (died 22 December 1805), became the wife of General Sir Alexander Maitland (1728–1820). Madan was the grandfather of General Frederick Maitland.
Madan died at Bath 4 March 1756.
References
William Prideaux Courtney (1910), Dodsley's Collection of Poetry
1700 births
1756 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for Wootton Bassett
British MPs 1741–1747
British Army officers
Members of the British Royal Household
Penzlin () is a town in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. It is situated 13 km southwest of Neubrandenburg, and 27 km east of Waren. In July 2008 it absorbed the former municipality Alt Rehse, in June 2009 the former municipalities Groß Vielen, Groß Flotow, Marihn and Mollenstorf, in January 2011 Klein Lukow and in January 2012 Mallin.
Sister cities
Otterndorf, Germany
Łęczyca, Poland
References
External links
Cities and towns in Mecklenburg
Populated places established in the 1260s
1263 establishments in Europe
Vladimir Valeryevich Leonchenko (; born 11 April 1972) is a Russian professional football executive and a former player. They work as the general director (CEO) of FC Lokomotiv Moscow.
Playing career
They made their professional debut in the Russian Second Division in 1992 for FC Dynamo-d Moscow.
Post-playing career
They headed the Russian Professional Football Players and Coaches Union.
Honours
Russian Premier League bronze: 1994.
European club competitions
UEFA Cup 1996–97 with FC Torpedo-Luzhniki Moscow: 4 games, 1 own goal.
UEFA Intertoto Cup 1998 with FC Shinnik Yaroslavl: 4 games, 1 goal.
UEFA Cup 2000–01 with FC Torpedo Moscow: 1 game.
UEFA Cup 2001–02 with FC Torpedo Moscow: 2 games.
UEFA Cup 2003–04 with FC Torpedo Moscow: 5 games, 1 goal.
References
1972 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Russian people of Ukrainian descent
Russian footballers
FC Dynamo Moscow reserves players
FC Rostov players
Russian Premier League players
FC Lokomotiv Moscow players
FC Torpedo Moscow players
FC Torpedo-2 players
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
FC Amkar Perm players
FC Spartak Vladikavkaz players
FC Akhmat Grozny players
Association football midfielders
Association football defenders
Gary Clifford Dennis Brain (12 August 1943 – 20 April 2015) was a New Zealand timpanist and conductor. They were a principal timpanist with the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra until an accident permanently damaged their wrist. Following the accident, Brain retrained to become a conductor, studying under Rafael Kubelík for four years, and attended master classes with Lorin Maazel. They were a professional conductor from 1990 until their death.
Background and personal life
Brain was born in Palmerston North, New Zealand on 12 August 1943. They were the only child of Charlotte Helen (Ivy) and Clifford Charles Brain. As a child they studied the piano, cello, horn and percussion instruments. Brain was a foundation member of the Manawatu Youth Orchestra and was also a member of the Wellington Youth Orchestra and New Zealand National Youth Orchestra.
Brain lived in Paris with their partner from 1986 until their death. They were divorced and had two children.
Studies
They began their career as a timpanist after attending Berlin's Staatliche Hochschule für Musik. They studied piano, cello and composition with Boris Blacher and timpani with Werner Tharichen, the timpanist of the Berlin Philharmonic. They played in the BBC Training Orchestra in Bristol, United Kingdom.
Playing career
Brain played as a percussionist with the National Orchestra of Wales and the Ulster Orchestra in Ireland and as timpanist with the Royal Opera, London. In 1968 they were appointed principal timpanist with the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra.
After their appointment Brain founded a concert in Schools programme. They toured across New Zealand with one tonne of instruments, doing solo performances at schools, colleges and universities. They aimed to bring classical music to young people in a light-hearted and interesting way and at the same time promote the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra. They also took their one-man programme to Brazil, Argentina, Thailand, Singapore, Hong Kong and Egypt.
Also they were a founder of Music for Youth (Jeunesses Musicals) the South Pacific's branch of the World Youth Orchestra.
On a United Airlines flight to the United States in 1989, a suitcase fell from an overhead locker and crushed Brain's wrist. Despite many operations, and with serious septicaemia infections, they were unable to continue their playing career.
Conducting career
They re-trained as a conductor in Paris, conducting and recording various orchestras in Europe. They championed and recorded the works of a little-known Polish-Swiss composer, Czesław Marek.
Honours
In the 1984 New Year Honours, Brain was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire, for services to music.  They are also a recipient of a Winston Churchill Memorial Fellowship and Artistes de la Paix UNESCO.
Compositions
"Verre et Violon", a sonata for violin inspired by Juan Gris's painting "Violin and Glass"
"Waitomo", soundtrack for a Japanese film
"Symphony for Large String Orchestra"
"Manco Capac", a ballet in one act.
Notes
References
The Wellington Post Dominion.
Radio NZ Concert and National radio interviews Feb 2009.
London's Gramophone mag; Germany's Fonoforum mag, Martin Anderson London Journalist (Independent Newspaper & Fanfare USA)
Palmerston Norths www.Creative Giants of Palmerston North .com Compilation Palmerston North City Council.
1943 births
2015 deaths
Timpanists
New Zealand percussionists
New Zealand conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
New Zealand Officers of the Order of the British Empire
People from Palmerston North
New Zealand Symphony Orchestra people
New Zealand expatriates in France
The 2021–22 season was the 78th season in the existence of FC Nantes and the club's 18th consecutive season in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Nantes participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Out on loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Goalscorers
Notes
References
FC Nantes seasons
Nantes
Peter Tieryas is an American writer.  They are the author of Bald New World (2014) and the Mecha Samurai Empire series which consists of the United States of Japan (2016), Mecha Samurai Empire (2018), and Cyber Shogun Revolution (2020). They attended the University of California Berkeley. Tieryas is a Lead Character Technical Director at Sony Pictures Imageworks and has worked at LucasArts as both a technical artist and technical writer. Many of their stories involve the American Dream, conflicted identity in dystopian futures, and strange romance amidst culture clash.
Career
Their work has appeared in literary journals including the Indiana Review, Evergreen Review, Existere, Gargoyle Magazine, Hobart (magazine), Kotaku, Kyoto Journal, New Letters, Subaru, Tor.com, and ZYZZYVA. Their filmography includes Alice in Wonderland, Men in Black 3, Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2, I Am Legend, Hotel Transylvania, and Guardians of the Galaxy. They have worked on games including Star Wars: Bounty Hunter, Star Wars Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast, Escape from Monkey Island, Gladius, and Medal of Honor: Pacific Assault.
Watering Heaven (2012) and Bald New World (2014)
Watering Heaven was longlisted for the Frank O'Connor Int'l Award. Bald New World was longlisted for the Folio Prize in 2015 and listed by BuzzFeed as one of 15 Highly Anticipated Books of 2014. Buzzfeed contributor Richard Thomas described it as: "If you took the world building of Philip K. Dick, and added in the gritty reality and humor of Haruki Murakami, with a touch of Aldous Huxley (of course), you would get Bald New World." Publishers Weekly named Bald New World as one of the Best Science Fiction Books of Summer 2014 in a starred review: "Gorgeous language choices combine with Nick's philosophical journey of personal discovery to create a deceptively deep story." Yahoo, in describing Tieryas's work, stated: "Highlighted by Kollaboration in March as one of three Asian American authors on the rise, Tieryas's debut novel "Bald New World" deals with a global epidemic of follicular proportions... When Baldification hits the planet, the pair find themselves caught up in an sci-fi tinged international conspiracy, turning their penchant for adventure into a series of daring discoveries. David S. Atkinson at HTMLGiant said: "Dystopia has been done a lot, but no one has done it quite like Peter Tieryas. I'd like to enthusiastically welcome Bald New World to the must-read dystopian canon. Old Aldous would be proud." However, in a mixed review, Electric Literature pointed out: "As a first novel, there are some growing pains—particularly the shifts in the pacing, and a certain episodic feel to parts of the narrative. Around the middle there's a shift that might alienate certain readers, where the book suddenly becomes a high-octane romp. The two halves do feel very separate from each other, but the transition is natural (or, to try to avoid spoilers, jarring in the best possible way)."
Peter Tieryas is also the co-founder and co-editor of Entropy Magazine. They frequently collaborate with their wife, artist Angela Xu.
Mecha Samurai Empire Series (2016-2020)
The Mecha Samurai Empire series is composed of three books, United States of Japan, Mecha Samurai Empire, and Cyber Shogun Revolution.
United States of Japan (2016) began as "a story revolving around the tragic events on the Asian side of WWII." The book is inspired by The Man in the High Castle, their time at Electronic Arts, and their experiences traveling in Asia.
Popular Mechanics included United States of Japan as one of 16 Sci-Fi Things To Look Forward to in 2016, stating: "It's more the cyberpunk dystopia William Gibson promised us than the actual 1980s we know, with giant mechs enforcing the law and police trying to squash an underground gaming success that lets players imagine what might've happened if the allied powers won World War II. It sounds like a perfect patchwork of multiple sci-fi and anime subgenres rolled into one novel." Publishers Weekly named USJ as one of the top 10 anticipated Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror books. Kirkus Reviews listed it as one of "The Speculative Fiction Books You Can't Miss in March." The Verge named the novel as one of the Best Books Science Fiction and Fantasy Novels of 2016.
Financial Times stated, "The novel deftly portrays the horrors of oppression but also, with its giant military robots, sumo wrestlers and body-transforming technology, is a gleeful love letter to Japanese pop culture." Barnes & Noble Science Fiction and Fantasy Blog said, "United States of Japan mixes alt-history with pulp-history, the plausible with the fantastical, in a vision of the 1980s with the glossy sheen and rain-slick neon of vintage cyberpunk." Anthony Jones of SF Book Reviews stated: "United States of Japan is a tremendous book; it's got a wonderfully dark and rich atmosphere, great action, intelligent and twisted story and above all, not only does it pay homage to one of the finest authors of the 20th century but also continues one of their most celebrated and yet most difficult works — simply wonderful." io9 reviewer Andrew Liptak wrote, "Tieryas has created a unique alternate world and populated it with fantastic characters and fixtures." In a mixed review, N. Ho Sang of SF Signal writes: "United States of Japan is a smart, gut-wrenching alternative reality that blurs lines between hope with a focus on emotional truths of human nature," but "there are small moments where transitions in environment, scenes and character developments may present themselves as sudden shifts, and feel slightly jarring."
United States of Japan has been translated and published in Japan, Spain, Chile, China, Colombia, Czech Republic, and Mexico. It became a Nikkei Best Seller and the Japanese publication went to 7th printing in the first month, receiving acclaim from Asahi Shimbun, Yomiuri Shimbun, and Gizmodo Japan. S-F Magazine'''s Yearly Poll of Japan's Top Science Fiction selected United States of Japan as #2 of the best Best International Science Fiction. It won the 2017 Seiun Award and won 2nd Place For the Japan Booksellers' Award.Mecha Samurai Empire, published by Ace Roc Books in 2018, is a standalone book in the USJ universe focusing on the mecha wars between the Nazis and the United States of Japan. Amazon Book Reviews listed Mecha as one of the top Science Fiction and Fantasy Books of September 2018, stating, "Readers of alternate history will enjoy the details of the Japanese culture enfolded into the US and the ongoing tensions with the Nazis, while the plot itself packs a punch." Financial Times included Mecha Samurai Empire as one of the best science fiction books of 2018, describing it as "action-packed and rousing." Syfy Wire said the book was "an adrenalized fusion of Philip K. Dick's The Man in the High Castle and Guillermo del Toro's Pacific Rim as rampaging robots prowl a very different America."
Hideo Kojima praised the book, stating it intermixes "the experience of cinema, literature, anime, comics, and gaming" and "is the new generation of Science Fiction we've been waiting for!”
It won the 2019 Seiun Award''.
The third book, Cyber Shogun Revolution, is also a standalone book featuring two new characters who fight against the mysterious terrorist, Bloody Mary. Den of Geek described it as " jam packed with giant robot action, and while it's the ethical questions that stick with me, there's a tremendous amount of fun in reading about mecha going after each other with plasma swords and chain saws." An art gallery featuring art from the entire series was showcased at the Story Cafe in the Yurindo Bookstore at Akihabara, Japan.
Literary influences
Tieryas has cited Cordwainer Smith, Philip K. Dick, Pearl Buck, Franz Kafka, Herman Melville, Margaret Weis, Alan Moore, Kameron Hurley, Ken Liu, Maxine Hong Kingston, George Orwell, Sylvia Plath, John Steinbeck, Cao Xueqin, and the Biblical Book of Ecclesiastes as literary influences.
References
External links
Peter Tieryas Official website
3 Asian-American Authors on the Rise: Kollaboration
Interview with Author at Hyphen Magazine
Bald New World: An Interview with Peter Tieryas Liu at Rain Taxi
1979 births
Living people
People from Seoul
American science fiction writers
University of California, Berkeley alumni
American film critics
Lucasfilm people
René Morax (11 May 1873 – 3 January 1963) was a Swiss writer, playwright, stage director and theatre manager. They founded the Théâtre du Jorat in Morges in 1908, and promoted historical and rural theatre in French in Switzerland.  They are known for the play Le Roi David, with music by Arthur Honegger.
Early life and career
Born in Morges, Canton de Vaud, on 11 May 1873, Morax studied literature in Lausanne, Paris and Berlin. Their first play, La Nuit des quatre-temps (1901) was given at the casino in Morges. This show gave a new direction to the culture in Switzerland. Indeed, following the example of what was done in France, this was the first expression of a true form of popular theater.
In 1903, they premiered La Dîme at Mézières. This drama, based on a historical fact, well known in the region, tells the story of Pastor Martin who in 1790 was thrown into prison because they disputed the fact that the peasants must pay a direct tax on potatoes. La Dîme was a tremendous success and received international attention. The improvised stage for the performances was made permanent, and thus they created in 1908 the Théâtre du Jorat, together with their brother Jean. It was soon nicknamed the "Sublime Barn" (La Grange sublime).
A notable inspiration of the Jorat theater, René Morax wrote, staged and played rural and historical dramas in French. In 1910, they premiered Aliéno, written in collaboration with Gustave Doret, then in 1921 the oratorio Le Roi David with a then unknown composer, Arthur Honegger. The text, based on biblical narration, tells the story of King David from their time as a shepherd boy to their death. Morax wrote the text for a 1928 cantata by Conrad Beck, Der Tod des Oedipus.
René Morax was also the author of little comedies and farces (including Les Quatre Doigts et le Pouce in 1915, revived by the Théâtre des Faux-Nez in 1955), and of translations and adaptations which made them one of the most productive contemporary theater dramatists in Switzerland.
Theatre work
1902: Les quatre doigts et le pouce.
1903: La Dime, music by Alexandre Dénéréaz
1908: Henriette.
1910: Aliénor, music by Gustave Doret
1911: Orphée.
1912: La nuit des Quatre Temps.
1914: Tell.
1921: Le Roi David, biblical drama, music by Arthur Honegger.
1923: Davel.
1925: Judith.
1929 Roméo et Juliette (translation after Shakespeare).
1931: La belle de Moudon.
1933: La terre et l'eau.
1937: La Servante d'Évolène, music by Gustave Doret
1944: Charles le téméraire.
1947 La lampe d'argile.
Later life and death
Morax was awarded the Dramenpreis (drama prize) of the foundation Welti-Stiftung in 1942. A bust in their honour was inaugurated in Morges on 17 June 1962 in their presence. They died in the hospital of their hometown on 3 January 1963.
References
Further reading
Sources
René Morax on theaterwissenschaft.ch
Fonds : René Morax (1901–1968) [0,70 mètres linéaires]. Cote: CH-000053-1 P Morax. read online
.
A contre temps huitante textes vaudois de 1980 à 1380, (pp. 160–165),
P.-Ol. Walzer Dictionnaire des littératures suisses, (p. 409),
H.-Ch.Dahlem Sur les pas d'un lecteur heureux, (p. 423),
R. Francillon Histoire de la littérature en Suisse romande, vol. 2, (pp. 323–326), (pp. 334–336),
A. Nicollier, H.-Ch. Dahlem Dictionnaire des écrivains suisses d'expression française, vol. 2, (pp. 605–606),
Dessin photographie d'une coupe du théâtre de René Morax, à Mézières, photographie Arthur Buttel, Ferlens Patrie suisse, (René Morax) 1908, No 379, (pp. 83–84)
Photo Thibault, Morges Patrie suisse, (E. de B.), 1902, No 216, (pp. 5–8)
Pierre Meylan: René Morax et son temps.
External links
René Morax: Un théâtre pour le peuple. (PDF; 1,1 MB) Exposition au Musée Alexis Forel de Morges
Morax raconte, audio-interview (11 April 1958) on Archives de la RTS
Swiss dramatists and playwrights
20th-century dramatists and playwrights
1873 births
People from Morges
1963 deaths
Sandro Bracchitta (born 24 September 1966 in Ragusa) is an Italian printmaker.
Biography
Leading exponent of Italian engraving of the XXI° century, they studied in Florence where they attended the Course of Painting at the Academy of Fine Arts in Florence getting their degree in 1990; in the same year they began working as a painter and engraver. Their first solo exhibition took place in 1991 at Palazzo Datini in Prato, Italy.
In 2020 they were awarded a scholarship to specialise at "Il Bisonte", the School of Graphic Arts in Florence, and in 1993 they worked as an assistant of Maestro Viggiano, in the same school. In the same year they began to exhibit their works in several art exhibitions.
In 1994 they were invited to take part in the 'World Triennial Engraving Exhibition' in Chamalières (France), and in the same year they won the '14th edition of Mini Print International', in Cadaqués (Spain).
From 1994 to 1997 they were invited to several outstanding national and international exhibitions such as the '21st and 22nd International Biennial Graphics Exhibition' in Lubiana (Slovenia), The International Award in Graphics Arts in Biella (Italy), the Ibiza Biennial in Spain, the Cracow Triennial Engraving Exhibition in Poland, the Stedeliske Museum of Sint Niklaas, Belgium, as well as the International Graphics Exhibition in Bitola (Macedonia), Kharkiu (Russia), Uzice (Croatia), Györ and Budapest (Hungary).
In 2001 they received an award from the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo at the International Exhibition of Prints in Kanagay, and an award from the City Museum of Györ in Hungary. They received the Leonardo Sciascia "Amateur d'Estampes" award in 2007, and the Grand Prize at the Ural Print Triennial in Russia. In 2009 they received the Grand Prize at the 2nd Bangkok Triennial International Print and Drawing Exhibition in Thailand. They were invited to exhibit at the Sicilian Pavilion at the 54th Venice Biennale in 2011.
In 2007 they received the first prize at the International Biennial of Engraving of Acqui Terme. in 2011 they were invited to the World Plate and Print Art Exhibition Millennial Wind, in the temple of Buddhist Tripitaka, in South Korea.
They were also invited – as the only Italian representative – to take part in the '4th Sapporo International Biennial' in Japan, in the 'Triennial Graphics Exhibition' in Tallinn (Estonia) and in the 'Beijing Ex Libris International Show' in the People's Republic of China, and to the 54th Venice Biennale.
In 2017 the Cabinet of Drawings and Prints of the Uffizi in Florence acquires one of their works of engraving.
On several occasions they exhibited with the "Gruppo di Scicli", a group of important and renowned Sicilian artists.
Currently, they are professor of engraving at the Academy of Fine Arts in Palermo. They live and works in Ragusa.
Solo exhibitions
1997
Dvorni TRG Gallery, Ljubljana, Slovenia.
1999
Pyhäniemi '99, Hollola, Finland.
Galleria della Pergola, Pesaro, Italy.
2000
Galleria Bottega d'Arte, Acqui Terme (Al), Italy.
Covalenco Gallery, Geldrop, Holland.
2001
Galleria Tornabuoni, Florence, Italy.
2003
Zebra Two Gallery, London, Great Britain.
Beukers Gallery, Rotterdam, Holland.
Galleria Lo Magno, Modica (Rg), Italy.
2004
Galerie de Wégimont, Liege, Belgium.
La Luce Del Vulcano, Galleria Visconti Fine Art, Ljubljana, Slovenia.
2005
Ciclicamente Accade, GrafiqueArtGallery, Bologna, Italy.
Galleria Repetto e Massucco, Acqui Terme (Al), Italy.
2006
La Luce Del Vulcano, Galleria Chantal Bamberger, Strasbourg, France.
Gallery Heike Arndt, København, Denmark.
Galleria Zangbieri, Basil, Switzerland.
2012
Craved Miracles, Ex Chiesa di San Michele, Modica (Rg), Italy.
2013
Craved Miracles, Regional Museum, Valdstein Castle, Jičìn, Czech Republic.
Carte, Galleria Koinè, Scicli, Ragusa, Italy.
2016
Teatro de Vila Real, Douro, Portugal.
2017
Oltre la soglia del tempo presente, Museo della Media Valle del Liri (sezione archeologica), Sora, Italy.
Incisioni/Prints, Ex Convento del Carmine, Modica, Italy.
2018
Casa e Trasloco, Pygmalion Gallery, Timișoara, Romania.
Nel respiro del tempo Incisioni /Prints 1997–2017, Umberto Mastroianni, Fundation, Castello di Ladislao, Arpino Italy
L'archetipo... il segno, Quadrifoglio Gallery, Ortigia, Siracusa, Italy
Group exhibitions
1993
Galleria Il Bisonte, Florence, Italy.
1995
21st International Biennial Graphics Exhibition, Ljubljana, Slovenia.
Prize for Young Italian Engravers, Museo d'Arte Con¬tem¬poranea Villa Croce, Genoa, Italy.
1996
International Prize for Graphic Art, Biella, Italy.
14th Ibiza Biennial, Ibiza, Spain.
1997
Cracow Triennial Engraving Exhibition, Krakow, Poland.
Stedeliske Museum, Sint Niklaas, Belgium.
III Biennial Engraving Exhibition Dry Point, Uzice, Croatia.
1998
4th Sapporo International Print Biennial Exhibition, Hokkaido Museum of Modern Art, Sapporo, Japan.
First World Small Printings & Ex-libris Works Exhibition, Beijing, People's Republic of China.
2000
Quarant'anni de Il Bisonte, Museo Marino Marini, Concorso Internazionale per la Grafica d'Arte (3rd prize), Florence, Italy.
Krakow Triennial Engraving Exhibition "Bridge to the future", Kraków, Poland.
International Print Triennial, Nuremberg, Germany.
5th European Engraving Biennial of Small Graphics Forms, Vigado Gallery, Budapest, Ungary.
2001
International Print Triennial 2001, Kawa Prefectural Gallery, Kanagawa (National Museum Prize of the National Museum of Modern Art of Tokyo), Japan.
2002
Intergraphia, World Award Winners Gallery, Torun City Museum, Poland.
Graphica Creativa 2002, Jyvaskyla, Finland.
The 12th Space International Print Biennial, Sunkok Kunstmuseum, Seoul, Korea.
6th International Biennial of Small Graphic Forms, Budapest.
2003
4° Biennale Internationale de Gravure, Musee d'Art Moderne et d'Art Contemporain, Liege, Belgium.
Seven Print Artists from around the World, Hyundai Arts Center Gallery, Ulsan, Korea.
Il Bisonte agli Uffizi, Galleria degli Uffizi, Florence, Italy.
8th Engraving Triennial, Museo della Permanente, Milan, Italy.
2004
Sandro Bracchitta – Piero Ruggeri, Beukers Gallery, Rotterdam, Holland.
2005
Biennale Internationale de Gravure, Liege, Belgium.
2006
National Taiwan Museum of Fine Arts, Taiwan, People's Republic of China.
2007
Internationale Grafiktriennale Krakau, Oldenburg Wien 2007 at Künstlerhaus, Vienna, Austria.
2008
13th International Biennial Print Exhibition, R.O.C. National Taiwan.
2009
The 2nd Bangkok Triennial International Print and Drawing Exhibition "Grand Prize for Engraving", Bangkok, Thailand.
Biennale Internazionale D'Estampe Contemporaine de Trois-Rivières, Quèbec, Canada.
2010
In Galleria..., Galleria Stefano Forni, Bologna, Italy.
Galleria Zangbieri, Basel, Switzerland.
2011
Maestri dell'incisione contemporanea italiana, Museo Slesiano di Katowice, Poland.
Space International Print Biennial, Seoul, Korea.
World Plate and Print Art Exhibition – Millennial Wind' Korea.
54th Venice International Biennial of Art, Pavilion Italy / Sicily, curated by V. Sgarbi, Galleria Civica Montevergini, Syracuse (Sicily).
Acqui Incisione Prize-Travelling Exhibition, Fundación C.I.E.C., Centro Internacional de la Estampa Contemporánea, Betanzos, Coruña, Spain.
2012
Acqui Incisione Prize-Travelling Exhibition, Palazzo Robellini, Acqui Terme and AL-Cultuur Centrum, Ypres, Belgium.
2013
Tribuna Graphic 2013, Art Museum Cluj-Napoca, Romania.
2014
Segni Moderni, O RI E Art Gallery, Tokyo, Japan.
7th international printmaking Biennial of Douro 2014, Museu do Côa, Vila Nova de Foz Côa – Portugal.
Rene Carcan International Prize For Printmaking, BELvue Museum, Brussels, Belgium.
2015
Print Works of Contemporary Artists in Italy, Art Zone Kaguraoka Gallery, Kyoto, Japan.
5TH Guanlan International Print Biennial, Guanlan, China.
2nd Global Print 2015, Douro, Côa Museum, Vila Nova de Fozcôa, Portugal.
5th Indonesia Triennial of Graphic Art, BentaraBudaya, Jakarta, Indonesia.
Diplomatic Art, Helios Gallery, Timişoara, Romania.
Print Works of Contemporary Artists in Italy, Art Zone Kaguraoka Gallery, Kyoto, Japan.
5TH Guanlan International Print Biennial, Printmaking Museum, Guanlan, China.
2nd Global Print 2015, Douro, Côa Museum, Vila Nova de Fozcôa, Portugal.
5th Indonesia Triennial of Graphic Art, BentaraBudaya, Jakarta, Indonesia.
Diplomatic Art, Helios Gallery, Timişoara, Romania.
International Print Triennial, Bunkier Sztuki Gallery of Contemporary Art, Krakow, Poland.
2016
Incisori italiani, Palazzo Lomellini, Carmagnola, Italy.
1st Łódź International Print Biennial, Fabryka Sztuki, Łódź, Poland.
2017
6TH Guanlan International Print Biennial, China Printmaking Museum, Guanlan, China.
Imago Mundi, Spazio ZAC – Cantieri Culturali alla Zisa, Palermo, Italy.
Libri d'Artista, Academy of Fine Arts collection, Oratorio dei SS. Elena e Costantino, Palermo, Italy.
2018
Italian-Irish Connection, Garter Lane Art Center, Waterford, Ireland.
Italia – Cina, Esposizione Internazionale di Incisione, Museo d'Arte Contemporanea del Yinchuan, China.
Italian-Irish Connection, Crawford Art Gallery, Cork, Ireland.
Alter Ego, grafica Romena e Italiana, Museo d'Arte di Cluj-Napoca, Romania.
2019
Empatie e Contaminazioni, Musei Civici, Pavia, Italy.
7TH Guanlan International Print Biennial, China Printmaking Museum, Guanlan, China.
Deja vu-Odessa, Invitational Visual Art Project, Literary Museum, Odessa, Ucraina.
Resonance between civilization, China Printmaking Museum, Guanlan, China. *Parallelsi, San Stefano Gallery, Sofia, Bulgaria.
On Paper IV, MACC, Museo d'Arte Contemporanea, Calasetta, Italy.
Prizes
1994
14th Mini Print International, Taller Galleria Fort, Cadaquès, Spain.
1997
2nd National Prize of Engraving "Fabio Bertoni" ( first prize), Fermignano (Ps), Italy.
1998
Grand Prix, International Mini Print Finland, Lahti Art Museum, Finland.
2001
International Triennial of Engraving, Kanagawa, Japan.
2001
Prix of the Municipal Museum of Györ, Hungary.
2007
Grand Prix, Biennial international of Print, Acqui Terme. Italy.
Grand Prix, Ural Print Triennial, Russia.
Grand Prix Leonardo Sciascia "Ama¬teur d'Estampes", Castello Sforzesco, Milan, Italy.
2009
Grand Prix, 2nd International Triennial Print and Drawing Exhibition, Bangkok, Thailand.
Internazionale D'Estampe Contemporaine de Trois- Rivières, Quèbec, Canada. ( Purchase Prize)
2011
16th Space International Print Biennial Biennial, Seoul, Korea (Purchase Prize).
2015
"Giuseppe Maestri" Prize, Museo Civico delle Cappuccine, Bagnacavallo (Ra), Italy.
2019
7TH Guanlan International Print Biennial of Printing,(honorary work), Guanlan, China.
Bibliography
B. Kovic, Sandro Bracchitta. Metafora e geografia del silenzio,(exhibition catalogue, Dvori trg Galerja, Ljubljana, November 1997), Barone&Bella, Ragusa 1997 (pp. 8–9).
O. Fazzina, Dentro la materia, in Sandro Bracchitta. Opere. (exhibition catalogue, Galleria degli Archi, Comiso, 14 February – 1 March 1998), Edizioni Salarchi immagini, Comiso, 1998 (pp. 7–8)
N. Micieli, Un atlante dei luoghi della rigenerazione, in N. Micieli, Sandro Bracchitta. Incisioni, 1996–2000 (exhibition catalogue, Galleria degli Archi, Comiso, 24 September – 19 October 2000; Galleria Bottega d'Arte, Acqui Terme, 7–28 October 2000; Visconti Fine Art, Kolizej, Ljubljana, 15 January – 15 February 2001), Edizioni Salarchi immagini, Comiso, 2000.
M. Goldin (edited by), Per amore. Quindici anni di scelte a Palazzo Sarcinelli (exhibition catalogue, Palazzo Sarcinelli, Galleria Comunale, Conegliano, 19 October – 8 December 2002), Linea d'ombra Libri, Cornuda, 2002.
M. Di Capua, Lo sguardo italiano, in G. Distefano (curated by), Lo sguardo italiano. Ventidue artisti per Bufalino (exhibition catalogue, Foyer del Teatro Naselli, Comiso, 8 December 2004 – 9 January 2005), Fondazione Gesualdo Bufalino, Comiso 2004 (pp. 13–16).
J.P. Rouge, Sandro Bracchitta, in J.P. Rouge (curated by), Wegimont Culture. Bracchitta, De Bolle, Deconick, Viollet-Le-Duck (exhibition catalogue, Galerie de Wegimont, Liege, September, 2004), n.197, Philippe Delate, Liege, 2004 (pp. 2–3).
Sciaccaluga, Prima del Big Bang?, in Sandro Bracchitta. Opere recenti (exhibition catalogue, Galleria Repetto e Massucco, Acqui Terme, 29 October – 10 December 2005), Li.Ze.A., Acqui Terme, 2005.
G. Giuffrè, Quale paesaggio, in Quale paesaggio (exhibition catalogue, Galleria Lo Magno, Modica, 2–20 December 2006), Edizioni Salarchi immagini, Comiso, 2006.
G. Frazzetto, Sacralità del visibile: il Gruppo di Scicli, in A. Sarnari (curated by), Il Gruppo di Scicli (exhibition catalogue, Fabbriche Chiaramontane, Agrigento, 19 July – 7 September 2008), Edizioni Salarchi immagini – Amici della pittura siciliana dell'Ottocento, Comiso, Agrigento, 2008 (pp. 15–17).
A. Gerbino, Nel corpo, nel paesaggio, in A. Gerbino (curated by), Nel corpo, nel paesaggio. Quindici artisti per l'Accademia delle Scienze Mediche. Oli, tecniche miste e pastelli, (catalogue of the permanent exhibition, Accademia delle Scienze Mediche, Palermo), Plumelia quaderni di cultura, Bagheria, 2008 (pp. 17–21).
A. Guastella, Materia e antimateria, in A. Gerbino (curated by), Nel corpo, nel paesaggio. Quindici artisti per l'Accademia delle Scienze Mediche. Oli, tecniche miste e pastelli, (catalogue of the permanent exhibition, Accademia delle Scienze Mediche, Palermo), Plumelia quaderni di cultura, Bagheria, 2008 (pp. 57–58).
G. Schialvino, L'incisione, in Sandro Bracchitta. Incisioni. (exhibition catalogue, Palazzo Mormino, Donnalucata, 8–30 August 2009) Arti Grafiche Mora, Ragusa, 2009 (pp. 9–10)
E. Valenza, Sandro Bracchitta, in "Continente Sicilia", January–April 2012 (catalogue of the exhibition Eruzioni, la sedia rossa, curated by G. Maltese, Galleria Mediterranea, Palermo, 10 February – 11 March 2012), Editrice Jetset, Palermo 2012 (pp. 1848–1851).
A. D'Amico (curated by), Craved Miracles, (exhibition catalogue, Ex Chiesa di San Michele, Modica, 7 July – 30 August 2012), Silvana Editoriale, 2012, Cinisello Balsamo, Milano.
Paolo Nifoì, Loredana Rea, Daniela Vasta, (exhibition catalogue) "Incisioni/Prints", Ex Convento del Carmine, Modica, Italy. Edizioni Salarchi Immagini, 2017, Ragusa Italy.
D. Vasta, Storie di Incisori opere e protagonisti della grafica moderna e contemporanea, Gangemi Editore, 2019, Roma Italy.
References
External links
Mazza, Silvia (9 July 2012), "A Modica le case 'cieche' di Bracchitta", Il Giornale dell'Arte. Retrieved 7 July 2015.
"Mostra di Sandro Bracchitta nella Repubblica Ceca", Ragusa News, 5 July 2013. Retrieved 7 July 2015.
1966 births
Living people
Italian engravers
Jennifer Chan may refer to:
Jennifer Tilly (born 1958), American actor
Jennifer Chan (musician), former radio personality and singer-songwriter from Hong Kong
Jennifer Chan (artist), Canadian media artist
Jennifer Dy Chan, Filipino Olympian archer
Cressett may refer to:
Henry Cressett Pelham (1729–1803), British politician, known as Henry Pelham until 1792
James Cressett (1655–1710), English diplomat
St Michael's Church, Upton Cressett, redundant Anglican church
See also
CRESST (disambiguation)
Cressat
Cresset
Creuset (disambiguation)
Radoje Vujoševic (born May 5, 1989) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player for Sutjeska of the Montenegrin Basketball League.
References
:Category:Sportspeople from Nikšić
1989 births
Living people
KK Budućnost players
KK Mornar Bar players
KK Sutjeska players
Montenegrin men's basketball players
Centers (basketball)
Garry Lewis (born August 26, 1986 in Orange Park, Florida) is an American retired soccer player who is currently an assistant coach at the University of the Cumberlands.
Career
Youth and College
Lewis attended Orange Park High School, played club soccer for the Clay County Soccer Club and West Kendall.
As a youth player Lewis was a Three-Time NSCAA/adidas Youth American. In 2005/04 they were First Team All-State for the State of Florida, and in 2003 as a sophomore in high school they were named "Gatorade State Player of the Year". Lewis also won two Super Y-League National Championships while playing for West Kendall Optimist in 2005 and in 2006.
After their first season of college soccer while at St. John's Red Storm, Lewis earned a spot on the 2005 Big East All-Freshmen First Team, and Nationally All-Freshmen by College Soccer News Third Team.
Upon transferring to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Lewis' sophomore year, they became an impact starter. They earned the team's "Most Competitive Player Award" that same year. During their senior season Lewis lead their Tarheels as a team "co-captain" to the NCAA National Finals in Frisco, Texas against Maryland. They lost the game one to zero.
As a Tarheel Lewis tallied 11 goals and 5 assists, and in their senior season they scored the game winner in the Sweet Sixteen to put their team into the Elite Eight.
Lewis also played for Carolina Dynamo in the USL Premier Development League.
Professional
Lewis was signed by the Real Maryland Monarchs in the USL Second Division following the conclusion of the 2009 PDL season, and made their professional debut on July 11, 2009 in Maryland's 2–1 win over the Pittsburgh Riverhounds. After their department by Real Maryland Monarchs joined in October 2009 to Ekenäs Idrottsförening.
References
External links
Real Maryland Monarchs bio
North Carolina bio
1986 births
Living people
American soccer players
North Carolina Fusion U23 players
Real Maryland F.C. players
USL League Two players
USL Second Division players
St. John's Red Storm men's soccer players
North Carolina Tar Heels men's soccer players
Ekenäs IF players
Jacksonville Armada FC players
FC Tulsa players
USL Championship players
People from Orange Park, Florida
Salon Palloilijat players
Association football midfielders
Soccer players from Jacksonville, Florida
American expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Finland
American expatriate sportspeople in Finland
American expatriate soccer coaches
Cumberlands Patriots coaches
College men's soccer coaches in the United States
Quchak (, also Romanized as Qūchak) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 26 families.
References
Populated places in Delijan County
Manuchar Machaidze (; , Manuchar Domentyevich Machaidze; born 25 March 1949) is a Georgian former footballer who played as a midfielder for Dinamo Tbilisi, Pakhtakor Tashkent, Spartak Moscow and Torpedo Kutaisi during their club career, and is most famous for their time at Dinamo Tbilisi, which were a powerful and successful club – ever present at the highest level of Soviet football, where they won numerous accolades. Their younger brother, Gocha Machaidze, also a footballer, served as a prolific defender and defensive midfielder for the same clubs as him.
A deep-lying playmaker, who was also operated in the classic number 7 position, Machaidze is the only player in the Georgian football history, who lifted the Soviet Crystal Cup as captain twice, first when in 1976 the Georgians made a remarkable performance, winning their first trophy after a smashing 3–0 victory against Ararat Yerevan in the final and second, when after the goalless draw Dinamo Tbilisi defeated Dynamo Moscow 5–4 on penalties in 1979.
Many sport journalists and football specialists not just in Georgia and former Soviet Union but internationally still consider them among the best Georgian and Soviet football players of its time. They were noted for their organizational ability, intelligence, technical skills, and exceptional stamina. By many football experts and observers they are still regarded also as the most productive captain of Dinamo Tbilisi when measured solely by the number of major trophies won. With one Soviet Top League title, two Soviet Cups and significant results in the national championship as well as the local and international recognition or achievements at various tournaments. Besides all the above-mentioned during their period Dinamo Tbilisi became the Vice-Champion in 1977 and won Soviet Top League silver medals. Also four times took the third place and won bronze medals as well as became the Vice-Champion of the football tournament of the Summer Spartakiad of Peoples of the Soviet Union in 1979.
From 1995 to 1999 they were a member of the Parliament of Georgia. In Georgia, they are also known as an amateur artist
26 March 2013 in appreciation for their lifelong service to one's country and in recognition of their outstanding contribution over many years in Georgian Sport, on the basis of a decision by Ministry of Sport and Youth Affairs of Georgia they were awarded The Highest Sports Title of Georgia — "Knight of Sport".
Early years
Machaidze was born in Ambrolauri. But the family lived there only briefly and moved to an apartment house in Tbilisi when they were three.
They started playing football at the age of 12 in Tbilisi. Local well-known specialist Vano Shudra was Machaidze's first coach. Their supreme football talent was soon obvious in the 35th Football School boys team they played in.
Club career
Dinamo Tbilisi
Their football career really started to take off from 1967, when Vyacheslav Solovyov — senior then coach of Dinamo Tbilisi noticed this impressive young player and invited them to join the club's reserve team. Machaidze was 18 years old when they played their first game in a Dinamo shirt. They played with the reserves for the whole of 1968 and 1969 seasons and scored 11 goals in 47 games. Machaidze played their first senior game for Dinamo on 1 June 1968 in Tashkent when they were a second-half substitute in their 0–0 draw with Pakhtakor in the 11th round of the Soviet Top League.
They became a regular player in the first team by the 1970 season, playing 18 league games for the club. In that year they also made their Soviet Cup tournament debut in the final game against Dynamo Moscow. The match was held at the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow on 8 August 1970. More than 100 000 spectators attended this historical game, which was the last Soviet Cup final for the legendary Lev Yashin, considered by many to be the greatest goalkeeper in the history of the game. It was the second cup final between the two teams (the first one was also held in Moscow on 16 July 1937). The home team won the match 2–1. Russian Striker Vladimir Eshtrekov scored the first goal at 17th minute and it stayed at 1–0 until half-time. After the break, Gennady Yevryuzhikhin doubled Dynamo Moscow's lead at 17th minute of the second half. Five minutes later Georgian defender Shota Khinchagashvili pulled a goal back at 67th minute — 2–1. This was how it remained until the end of the match, and Muscovites were able to celebrate their fourth Soviet Cup victory.
The following year, Machaidze played all 30 league games, scored 5 goals and won with the club their first domestic honour — Soviet Top League Bronze medal.
International career
Machaidze was capped four times for the Soviet Union, between April 1974 and May 1979. They made their international debut under manager Konstantin Beskov, on 17 April 1974, in a friendly international match, when the Soviet Union beat Yugoslavia 1–0. They played their last national team game on 19 May 1979 in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Hungary.
Career statistics
Club
International
Honours
Club
Dinamo Tbilisi
Soviet Top League: 1978
Soviet Cup (2): 1976, 1979
References
External links
Article at GeorgianJournal.ge
Profile and Statistics at Eu-Football.info
Article at FC Dinamo Tbilisi Official Club Site
Article at Worldsport.ge
Articles at Sport-Express.ru
Profile at Rusteam.Permian.ru
Profile at Footballplayers.ru
Profile at Allfutbolist.ru
Profile and statistics at Klisf.net
1949 births
Living people
Footballers from Georgia (country)
Soviet footballers
Soviet Union international footballers
FC Torpedo Kutaisi players
FC Dinamo Tbilisi players
FC Spartak Moscow players
Pakhtakor Tashkent FK players
Soviet Top League players
Members of the Parliament of Georgia
Association football midfielders
Āpastamba Dharmasūtra (Sanskrit: आपस्तम्ब धर्मसूत्र) is a Sanskrit text and one of the oldest Dharma-related texts of Hinduism that have survived into the modern age from the 1st-millennium BCE. It is one of three extant Dharmasutras texts from the Taittiriya school of Krishna Yajurveda, the other two being Baudhayana Dharmasutra and Hiranyakesin Dharmasutra.
The Apastamba Dharmasutra is part of Apastamba Kalpasutra collection, along with Apastamba Shrautasutra and Apastamba Grihyasutra. One of the best preserved ancient texts on Dharma, it is also notable for mentioning and citing views of ten ancient experts on Dharma, which has led scholars to conclude that there existed a rich genre of Dharmasutras text in ancient India before this text was composed.
Authorship, location and dates
The Dharmasutra is attributed to Apastamba, the founder of a Shakha (Vedic school) of Yajurveda. According to the Hindu tradition, Apastamba was the student of Baudhayana, and themselves had a student named Hiranyakesin. Each of the three founded a Vedic school, and each of their schools produced a collection of literature within the Krishna Yajurveda tradition, one that included separate Kalpasutra compilations. They were founders of their traditions, but it is unclear if they authored the Dharmasutras. It is, states Patrick Olivelle, possible that the Apastamba Dharmasutra is ascribed to Apastamba, but actually composed by others in their school.
The Apastamba tradition may be from south India, possibly near where modern Andhra Pradesh is between Godavari and Krishna rivers, but this is not certain. The verse 2.17.17 of the Apastamba Dharmasutra mentions a practice of "northerners" but it in unclear what "north" means in the context it is used. Further, the ancient grammarian Panini refers to it too, who is generally placed in northwest Indian subcontinent. Olivelle states that the three Taittiriya school Dharmasutras mention practices of north and south, but never clarify how far north or south they are referring to, but placing Dharmasutras in the southern Indian peninsula implies that Brahmanical ideas had established themselves or emerged in the south by the 1st millennium BCE. According to Olivelle, the Yajurveda schools may have been in what is north India today, and the Apastamba Dharmasutra may have been composed in north India, rather than south. In contrast, Robert Lingat states that epigraphical evidence such as the Pallava inscriptions confirm that Apastamba tradition existed in South India, in ancient times, in parts of what became Madras Presidency in the colonial British India.
Kane estimated that Apastamba Dharmasutra dates from approximately 600-300 BCE, and later more narrowly to between 450 and 350 BCE. Lingat states that the internal evidence within the text hints of great antiquity, because unlike later Dharma texts, it makes no mention of Buddhism. Other scholars, such as Hopkins, assert that all this can be explained to be an artifact of its relatively remote geographical origins in Andhra region, where refined Sanskrit grammar and Buddhist ideas may have reached much later, and they place the text to the 2nd-century BCE. Olivelle, and several other scholars, in contrast, state that the first version of Apastamba Dharmasutra may have been composed after others, but the extant version of the Apastamba text is the oldest Dharma text from ancient India.
Regardless of the relative chronology, the ancient Apastamba Dharmasutra, states Olivelle, shows clear signs of a maturing legal procedure tradition and that there were Dharma texts in ancient India before it was composed.
Organization and content
The text is in sutra format, and part of thirty prashnas (प्रश्न, portions, issue, questions) of Apastamba Kalpasutra. The Apastamba Dharmasutra is the 28th and 29th prashna of this compilation, while the first 24 prashnas are about Shrautasutras (vedic rituals), 25th is an ancillary mantra section, 26th and 27th are Grihyasutras (householder rites of passage), and the last or the 30th prashna is a Shulbasutra (mathematics for altar building). The text is systematically arranged, cross-references to other sections of the Kalpasutra compilation so extensively and accurately, as if it is the work of a single author.
Of the two books of this Dharmasūtra, the first is devoted to the student tradition and the second book is devoted to the householder tradition.
Significance
The Āpastamba Dharmasutra is notable for placing the importance of the Veda scriptures second and that of samayacarika or mutually agreed and accepted customs of practice first. Āpastamba proposes that scriptures alone cannot be source of Law (dharma), and dharma has an empirical nature. Āpastamba asserts that it is difficult to find absolute sources of law, in ancient books or current people, according to Patrick Olivelle, with "The Righteous (dharma) and the Unrighteous (adharma) do not go around saying, 'here we are!'; Nor do gods, Gandharvas or ancestors declare, 'This is righteous and that is unrighteous'."
Most laws are based on agreement between the Aryas, states Āpastamba, on what is right and what is wrong. Laws must also change with ages, states Āpastamba, a theory that became known as Yuga dharma in Hindu traditions. Āpastamba also asserts in verses 2.29.11-15 a broad minded and liberal view, states Olivelle, that "aspects of dharma not taught in Dharmasastras can be learned from women and people of all classes". The Apastamba Dharmasutra also recognizes property rights of women, and their ability to inherit wealth from their parents. Sita Anantha Raman notes, "As a southerner from Andhra, Āpastamba was familiar with Dravidian customs, including matriliny. They gave importance to the 'married pair' (ĀDS 2.1.7-10) who performed Vedic rites together for the prosperity of the family."
Āpastamba used a hermeneutic strategy to assert that the Vedas once contained all knowledge including that of ideal Dharma, but parts of Vedas have been lost. Human customs developed from the original complete Vedas, but given the lost text, one must use customs between good people as a source to infer what the original Vedas might have stated the Dharma to be. This theory, called the ‘lost Veda' theory, made the study of customs of good people as a source of dharma and guide to proper living, states Olivelle.
Commentaries
Several ancient commentaries (bhasya) were written on this Dharmasūtra, but only one by Haradatta has survived into the modern era. Haradatta, possibly from South India and one who lived in 12th- or 13th-century commented on the praśnas of Āpastamba Gṛhyasūtra as well as Gautama's Dharmasūtra.
Haradatta's commentary on Apastamba Dharmasutra was criticized by Boehtlingk in 1885 for lacking "European critical attitude", a view that modern scholars such as Patrick Olivelle have called unjustified and erroneous because Haradatta was a very careful commentator, far more than Boehtlingk and many other 19th-century Orientalists were.
See also
Arthashastra
Manusmriti
Upanishads
Vedas
References
Bibliography
External links
(discussion of their Sulbasutra)
Apastamba Georg Bühler, Sacred Books of the East (1879), Volume 2
Dharmaśāstra
The Soviet-Mongolian Friendship Festival was held from 17 august to 25 August 1966 in Altai Republic and Altai Krai, Russia.
The festival was attended by delegations from Ulaanbaatar and USSR. The participants of the festival met in a small village of the Altai Autonomous Region - Manzherok. The Mongolian delegation was headed by the secretary of the Mongolian Revolutionary Youth League - Bata. The festival program included performances by famous artists and singers, sports competitions, a series of seminars dedicated to the education of young people, as well as rally in support of Vietnam.
Program of the Festival
On the first day of the festival, the grand opening and acquaintance of the delegations took place in the festival town, organized on the basis of the pioneer camp named after Vladimir Lenin, near Lake Manzherok. A group of young people from Sevastopol handed to Bata a piece of granite from the famous Malakhov Kurgan, a leaf from a tree planted on it by the first secretary of the MPP Tsedenbal during their stay in the USSR, and a handful of earth from the Mount Sapun. At five o'clock in the evening, the delegations lined up on the sports field. The festival was opened by the first secretary of the Altai Regional Komsomol Committee V. Kiryushov. On this day, the song "Manzherok" was performed for the first time. The lyrics were written by Naum Olev, the music was composed by Oscar Feltsman.
The second day of the festival began with a seminar on "Educating young people on the revolutionary, combat and labor traditions of the party and the people." The reports of the Secretary of the Mongolian Revolutionary Youth League Bata and the first secretary of Kemerov Komsomol Committee Boris Roghatin on the tasks of youth unions were listened. Sports competitions were also held on this day. In the evening, the festival participants met with the secretaries of Komsomol organizations, schools and colleges in tourist camp "Youth".
On the third day, seminars and sports competitions in volleyball and tennis were held.
On the fourth day, the competitions between the teams of the USSR and Mongolia continued, and the head of the Mongolian delegation, Bata, was interviewed.
The fifth day of the festival was held in Gorno-Altaysk. The guests were welcomed by Fyodor Kazantsev, who has devoted more than 20 years to gardening. The director of the base, Yuri Brown, briefly introduces people from Mongolia and various cities of the Soviet Union to the history and affairs of the collective. In 1933, the first gardens were laid in the Altai Mountains. In 1966, scientists and plant breeders of the base had many new varieties that were recognized not only in Siberia. In the evening a concert was held on Vladimir Lenin Square.On the sixth day of the festival a "holiday on the water" was held. Lake Manzherok hosted demonstrations by scuba divers, kayaking, and water skiing. Several parachutists landed on the water surface. Mongolian writer, the laureate of the State Prize, Ts. Gaitov read their new poems. A meeting of young teachers was held, where various issues of organizing and conducting classes and leisure were discussed. Also, it was the last day of seminars.
The seventh day of the festival was the last one that participants spent in Manzherok. The participants of the festival said goodbye to Manzherok and drove cars from the town to Biysk. A special train was supposed to deliver the Soviet and Mongolian delegations to Barnaul.
The next day - the eighth day - The guests spent the whole day getting acquainted with the sights of Barnaul and the collectives of its leading enterprises in those years. Also, they visited the exhibition of achievements of national hospitality.
In the ninth day the festival participants visited the construction site of the Sports Palace where they helped with the cleaning of the territory. Each of them received as a gift a picture with the inscription: "Construction of a closed demonstration rink, mountains. Barnaul, Stroygaz Trust, August 1966". Sports competitions in wrestling, volleyball and table tennis were held. In the evening, festival participants and residents of Barnaul celebrated the closing ceremony of the festival.
Interesting facts
A common misconception is that the song "Manzherok" was performed at the festival by Edita Piekha. Oddly enough for fans of this reprint, it is not mentioned anywhere in the festival reports. They just aren't at the festival. The fact that the song became known in the USSR thanks to the Play is a fact. But what does the Soviet-Mongolian festival and this performer have to do with it? The festival is one thing, the performer who made their title song famous in different parts of the country, as it turns out, is another.
References
External links
50 лет Фестивалю Советско-Монгольской дружбы
Дружба - это Манжерок. Звезда Алтая
Mongolia–Soviet Union relations
1966 in the Soviet Union
This list of medical schools in the United States includes current and developing academic institutions which award the Doctor of Medicine (MD), or the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (DO) a professional level of education, either of which is required for comprehensive practice as a physician or a surgeon in the United States. MD-granting medical schools are accredited by the Liaison Committee on Medical Education while osteopathic DO-granting medical schools are accredited by the American Osteopathic Association Commission on Osteopathic College Accreditation. There are currently 155 accredited MD-granting institutions, and 38 accredited DO-granting institutions in the United States.
Delaware, Alaska, and Wyoming are the only states that lack independent medical schools. Idaho, Montana, and Maine are served exclusively by DO-granting schools. The University of Idaho participates in the WWAMI Regional Medical Education Program. New York has the most medical schools at 15.
Current schools and colleges of medicine
These schools grant the Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degree.
*Many schools have long-term hospital network affiliations for clinical clerkship education, as listed. Schools listed as having "community-based medical education" affiliations indicate clinical clerkships which take place in several different hospitals, clinics, and locations without long-term agreements.
Current schools and colleges of osteopathic medicine
These schools grant the Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.) degree.
*Many schools have long-term hospital network affiliations for clinical clerkship education, as listed. Schools listed as having "community-based medical education" affiliations indicate clinical clerkships which take place in several different hospitals, clinics, and locations without long-term agreements.
Developing medical schools
These medical schools are still in the process of undergoing accreditation and are not yet accepting student applications.
See also
List of defunct medical schools in the United States
Medical education in the United States
Medical school in the United States
The Flexner Report
Notes
References
External links
List of Accredited Osteopathic Medical Schools in the United States from the American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine
Liaison Committee on Medical Education accredited medical schools
World Directory of Medical Schools
Medical schools
United States
Medical schools
Cornellana is a locality located in the municipality of La Vansa i Fórnols, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 25.
Geography
Cornellana is located 165km northeast of Lleida.
References
Populated places in the Province of Lleida
Sushi repeat-containing protein SRPX2 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the SRPX2 gene, on the X chromosome. It has roles in glutamatergic synapse formation in the cerebral cortex and is more highly expressed in childhood. Bioinformatics analysis suggests the SRPX2 protein is a peroxiredoxin.
Function
SRPX2 is distributed on synapses throughout the cerebral cortex and hippocampus, largely in the same areas as vesicular glutamate transporter 1 and DLG4. It is involved in synapse formation and is more highly expressed in childhood. Overexpression of SRPX2 results in increased density of vesicular glutamate transporter 1 and DLG4 clusters on cortical neurons. Deficiency results in decreased dendritic spine density of excitatory glutamatergic synapses, while inhibitory GABAergic synapses are unaffected. Length or shape of spines is not affected by SPRX2, however.
Clinical significance
Mutations in SRPX2 were linked in one 2006 study to a family with a form of Rolandic epilepsy with intellectual disability and speech dyspraxia, however later studies showed that mutations in SRPX2 do not necessarily lead to epilepsy or intellectual disability. Additionally, no mutations in SRPX2 have been reported with Rolandic epilepsy since. In mice, mutations in SRPX2 lead to decreased frequency of ultrasonic vocalisations in pups when separated from mothers.
Interactions
FOXP2 directly reduces SRPX2 expression, by binding to its promoter. However, FOXP2 also reduces dendritic length, which SRPX2 does not affect, indicating it has other regulatory roles in dendritic morphology.
References
Further reading
Extracellular matrix proteins
Elections for East Lothian Council took place in May 1977, alongside elections to the councils of Scotland's various other districts.
Ward Results
Labour
Musselburgh 1
Musselburgh 2
Musselburgh 3
Tranent
Ormiston
Inveresk
Prestonpans
Preston
Gladsmuir
Conservative
Musselburgh 4
Cockenzie
Haddington
Lammermuir
Dirleton
Dunbar
East Linton
North Berwick
References
1977
1977 Scottish local elections
Rushaway (foaled 1933 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse whose enduring legacy was their two Derby wins on consecutive days in two different states. Owned and trained by Alfred Tarn, in both races, Rushaway was ridden by Tarn's son-in-law, the future National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame inductee Johnny Longden. On Friday afternoon, May 22, 1936, Rushaway won the Illinois Derby at Aurora Downs in Aurora, Illinois. That night, Tarn shipped the three-year-old gelding three hundred miles south via express train to the Latonia Race Track in Latonia, Kentucky where on Saturday afternoon they won the Latonia Derby. Rushaway's feat of endurance is still talked about more than eighty years later.
Background
Breeding
Rushaway was bred by the prominent Thoroughbred owner, breeder and Hialeah Park Race Track proprietor Joseph E. Widener at their Elmendorf Farm in Fayette County, Kentucky. Rushaway's sire was Haste, owned and raced by Widener and trained by Hamilton Keene. Their race wins at age two included the 1925 Grand Union Hotel Stakes and the Saratoga Special Stakes. As a three-year-old in 1926, Haste had a third-place finish in the Belmont Stakes then went on to win the Withers Stakes followed by a gutsy win under jockey Earl Sande over Edward Bradley's Bagenbaggage in the inaugural running of the Fairmount Derby.
Haste's sire was Maintenant, a French-bred son of William K. Vanderbilt's French champion Maintenon. Sent to the United States as a three-year-old, Maintenant was a powerfully built stallion who stood seventeen hands. A Daily Racing Form article described them as a 'whale'. Maintenant debuted at Aqueduct Racetrack and on July 11, 1915, won a mile race with ease. However, injuries limited their racing career.
Rushaway's dam was Roseway, a daughter of multiple stakes winner Stornoway. Roseway won the 1919 1000 Guineas Stakes, a British Classic race for fillies run over a distance of one mile at Newmarket Racecourse. In the Epsom Oaks, the other Classic for fillies, Roseway ran second to Bayuda. Roseway was sold for breeding usage by their owner/breeder Sir Edward Hulton and in 1925 new owner Joseph Widener brought them to the United States to stand at their Kentucky stud farm.
1935: two-year-old season
As a two-year-old, Rushaway had limited success on the racetrack. Their best result in a stakes race was a third in the six furlong Joliet Handicap at Lincoln Fields Race Track in Crete, Illinois.
1936: three-year-old season
At age three, Rushaway showed some promise after a win over seven furlongs in the February 18 Orlando Purse at owner Joseph Widener's Hialeah Park. A few weeks later in early March, Alfred Tarn, an English-born trainer from Winnipeg, Manitoba, purchased Rushaway for a price reported to be $10,000. Less than a month later, Rushaway showed their new owner their potential when, on March 29, they broke the track record in winning the mile and one eighth Louisiana Derby at Fair Grounds Race Course in New Orleans.
A "Very Remarkable" and "Unparalleled" racing feat
Rushaway's back-to-back wins in a two-day period was and remains a most noteworthy achievement which the Daily Racing Form (DRF) reported was "a feat without known precedent in this country or abroad." The accomplishment was made even more remarkable because Rushaway was carrying top weight in the eight-horse field by three pounds yet won by 6 lengths and did it in a new race record time for the mile-and-a-quarter distance. The DRF pointed out that while many had their concerns about the wisdom of racing the horse in such a manner, everyone agreed that Alfred Tarn was an astute horseman and someone they held in high esteem. Rushaway's victory in Latonia marked their third Derby win of the year.
On June 29, 1936, Rushaway won the Middlesex County Handicap at Suffolk Downsin Boston, Massachusetts.
1937 - 1942
As a four-year-old Rushaway continued winning in a fast time, setting a new Lincoln Fields track record of 1:50 flat for 1 1/8 miles in the 1937 Marquette Handicap. Rushaway raced on through 1942 with only moderate success but still retired having finished in the top three forty-seven times in one hundred and seven starts.
Honors
In 1986, marking the fiftieth anniversary of their still unmatched accomplishment, Rushaway had a race named in their honor at the renamed Latonia Race Track.
Progeny
As a gelding, Rushaway could not leave any offspring.
Pedigree
References
1933 racehorse births
Racehorses bred in Kentucky
Racehorses trained in the United States
Horse racing track record setters
Thoroughbred family 1-s
Svetlana Germanovna Parkhomenko (, née Cherneva, ; born October 8, 1962) is a retired Soviet and Russian tennis player and tennis coach. They were the winner of the Soviet singles tennis championships in 1985 and nine times Soviet champion in women's doubles and mixed doubles. On the international level, they were the winner of the 1983 European amateur championships in women's and mixed doubles, bronze medalist of the 1983 Universiade in women's and mixed doubles, and winner of eight WTA Tour doubles tournaments.
Parkhomenko also was the recipient of 1988 WTA Sportsmanship Award.
Biography
In 1978, Svetlana won the singles and doubles title at European Junior Championships (she also won doubles titles in the next two years). In 1978, they also won the Soviet youth championships in singles, girls' and mixed doubles, and in 1980 in singles and girls' doubles. In 1980, they advanced with the Soviet girls team to the finals of Princess Sofia Cup.
Starting in 1981, Svetlana (from 1984 playing under their marriage name Parkhomenko) won the senior Soviet doubles championships eight times (twice in 1987). In addition, they became the singles champion in 1985 and mixed doubles champion in 1983. From 1981, they also played for the Soviet Union Federation Cup team. In total, between 1981 and 1988, they played 28 rubbers for the Soviet team, mostly in doubles with Larisa Savchenko.
In 1983, Cherneva won the European amateur championships in women's and mixed doubles and took bronze in the same disciplines at the 1983 Summer Universiade. From the same year, they started playing in international professional tennis tournaments. In 1984, they won their first ITF titles in San Antonio and Delray Beach, and at the Wimbledon Championships advanced with Savchenko to quarterfinals, after defeating third seed Kathy Horvath and Virginia Ruzici, as well as Chris Evert and Catherine Tanvier. In the next three years, Parkhomenko and Savchenko won seven Virginia Slims tournaments including four in 1987. They played three times in a row at the Virginia Slims Championships, and in March 1986 advanced there to semifinals. In 1987, they reached semifinals at Wimbledon, after defeating world's best pair, recent Grand Slam winners Martina Navratilova and Pam Shriver.
At the start of 1988 season, Parkhomenko was ranked as high as eighth in the WTA doubles rankings. But in 1988, Savchenko broke with them to play doubles with young Natasha Zvereva. Without Savchenko, Parkhomenko struggled to retain their best shape, playing with other partners. They won one WTA tournament with Natalia Bykova and twice reached finals with Leila Meskhi, and at the end of the season, they received the WTA Sportsmanship Award.
After having completely missed 1989 season, Parkhomenko returned to play at the end 1990. In 1991, they were awarded the title of Honoured Master of Sports. In 1992, they returned to the top 10 of the Russian tennis and remained there for two more years. In 1993, they played three ties for the Russia Fed Cup team, winning their doubles games against Ukrainians and Lithuanians. After finishing their playing career in 1995, they coach at the Moscow CSKA tennis club.
Virginia Slims and WTA career finals
Doubles: 14 (8 titles, 6 runner-ups)
ITF finals
Singles: 8 (3–5)
Doubles: 23 (17–6)
Other finals
Singles (1–1)
Doubles (8–2)
Mixed (1–0)
References
External links
Parkhomenko (née Cherneva) Svetlana Germanovna at the Russian Tennis Encyclopedia
Russian female tennis players
Soviet female tennis players
Russian tennis coaches
Tennis players from Moscow
Living people
1962 births
Honoured Masters of Sport of the USSR
Universiade medalists in tennis
Goodwill Games medalists in tennis
Universiade bronze medalists for the Soviet Union
Medalists at the 1983 Summer Universiade
Medalists at the 1985 Summer Universiade
Competitors at the 1986 Goodwill Games
Friendship Games medalists in tennis
Kescusulyans Kernow (Conference of Cornwall) was an independent non-political Cornish conference which was held twice yearly at Perranporth, Cornwall, England, UK, between 1987-1994. It was formed to promote research into Cornish current affairs and the culture of Cornwall and was originally started by members of Cowethas Flamank, an organisation founded in 1969. Of special interest to Kescusulyans Kernow was the issue of the Cornish Constitution implicit in the creation of the Duchy of Cornwall.
The conference also looked into the need for a Cornish European Parliamentary Constituency. It had a special interest in developing a higher profile on Cornish rights issues and coordination and dissemination of any views which identified infringements of Cornish human rights. One of the founding members of the organisation was John Bolitho, a former Grand Bard of the Cornish Gorsedh and the conference included a range of members from other organisations such as Mebyon Kernow, the Revived Cornish Stannary Parliament, Gorsedh Kernow and Cornish Solidarity. Other aims of the group were to raise awareness of Cornish culture, politics and society, both within Britain and internationally. One example of a working group formed from Kescusulyans Kernow is the Cornish Bureau for European Relations (CoBER), established in 1987.
In 1995 some members of Kescusulyans Kernow and Cowethas Flamank joined to form Tyr-Gwyr-Gweryn (meaning 'Land-Truth-People' in the Cornish language).
See also
Cornwall 2000
Celtic nations
Cornish Assembly
Cornish people
Culture of Cornwall
References
External links
Kescusulyans Kernow
Grand Bard - John Bolitho
Tyr-Gwyr-Gweryn
Cornish culture
Cornish language
Cornish nationalism
Education in Cornwall
History of Cornwall
Human rights in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in Cornwall
Political advocacy groups in the United Kingdom
William Hunden was Archdeacon of Totnes from 1408 until 1415.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
15th-century English clergy
A reach stacker is a vehicle used for handling intermodal cargo containers in small terminals or medium-sized ports. Reach stackers are able to transport a container short distances very quickly and pile them in various rows depending on its access.
Reach stackers have gained ground in container handling in most markets because of their flexibility and higher stacking and storage capacity when compared to forklift trucks. Using reach stackers, container blocks can be kept 4-deep due to second row access.
There are also empty stackers or empty container handlers that are used only for handling empty containers quickly and efficiently.
Gallery
See also
Telescopic handler
References
External links
Bulk material handling
Intermodal containers
Port infrastructure
Articles containing video clips
Johannes "Hans" Wölpert (September 30, 1898 – January 1, 1957) was a German weightlifter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics and in the 1932 Summer Olympics. They were born in Munich. In 1928 they won the bronze medal in the featherweight class. Four years later at the 1932 Games they won the silver medal in the featherweight class.
References
1898 births
1957 deaths
German male weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Germany
Olympic silver medalists for Germany
Olympic bronze medalists for Germany
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1928 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 1932 Summer Olympics
World record setters in weightlifting
Sportspeople from Munich
Neverwinter Saga is a saga written in the Forgotten Realms campaign world, a popular Dungeons & Dragons role-playing setting, by fantasy and science fiction author R.A. Salvatore. The tetralogy begins with Gauntlgrym which is set twenty-four years after the events of The Ghost King. Gauntlgrym is also the twentieth book concerning one of Salvatore's famous characters, Drizzt Do'Urden. The saga contains Gauntlgrym, Neverwinter, Charon's Claw, and The Last Threshold. This tetralogy is preceded by The Transitions Series.
Works included
Gauntlgrym (2010)
Neverwinter (2011)
Charon's Claw (2012)
The Last Threshold (2013)
Plot summary
Gauntlgrym
In this title, Drizzt joins Bruenor Battlehammer on their quest to find the fabled dwarven kingdom of Gauntlgrym: said to be rich ancient treasure and arcane lore. However, Jarlaxle and Athrogate discover it first. In their search for treasure and magic, the enemy drow and dwarf pair inadvertently set into motion a catastrophe that could spell disaster for the unsuspecting inhabitants of Neverwinter—a catastrophe large enough for Jarlaxle to risk their own skin and money to stop it. To their dismay, the more they uncover about the ancient dwarven kingdom, the more they see they can't stop it on their own. This ends up in an unlikely teaming up with none other than Drizzt and Bruenor. Drizzt's lust for battle increases and they begin to wonder if they are truly different from any other dark elf, and if they lose the last of their companions they wonder if they will succumb to drow nature. In the end, Bruenor must sacrifice their lives in order to save their friends and all of Neverwinter.
Neverwinter
Set days after the events of Gauntlgrym, Drizzt is now the sole survivor of the companions of Mithral Hall leaving them with guilt and relief in their new freedom for the first time in nearly one hundred years. Accompanied by Dahlia Sin'felle, the only other survivor from their party at Mount Hotenow, they decide that their best course of action is to head to Luskan in order to regroup and learn what they may. The two head towards the town aided by Drizzt's magical unicorn Andahar. It is revealed that the unicorn can be killed, although it is magical. On a positive note, It can also stay in the Realms for as long as needed with no time limit restraints. However, because it has more vulnerabilities than their other magical familiar, Guenhwyvar, Drizzt is much more cautious in their use of Andahar. While in Luskan, the group runs afoul of the pirate captains, but end up escaping. Drizzt soon finds themselves on the opposite side of the law. Dahlia forces them to see the dark things a common man could be driven to do, under certain circumstances. The two find themselves in battle quickly, and Drizzt finds themselves enjoying the constant toil.
Charon's Claw
Drizzt and Dahlia return to Neverwinter with plans of revenge against the Netherese lord Herzgo Alegni, heralding a final battle for freedom. Drizzt then reunites with their old foe, Artemis Entreri, to destroy the magical weapon that has control of him, Charon's Claw—even at the cost of losing their lives as well. The novel will focus on how Drizzt will prepare to fight Herzgo Alegni and prelude the appearance of Dagult Neverember, who is set to be the Lord Protector of New Neverwinter.
Reception
Gauntlgrym
Ryan Van Cleave of California Literary Review stated that Gauntlgrym is a "quick read with satisfying fight scenes, and deeply layered with emotional atmosphere." Van Cleave also concluded that it is a solid addition to Drizzt's ongoing story. Gauntlgrym debuted on the New York Times bestseller list at number 13.
Neverwinter
Neverwinter debuted on the New York Times bestseller list at number 4. A staff reviewer from enworld.org gave Neverwinter a 4.5 out 5 stating that "Neverwinter is filled with great intrigue,, and some smart dialogue, particularly between Drizzt and Dahlia, where they test their morals, ethics, and philosophies of life off each other, like duelists looking for a weakness."
Publication History
References
Book series introduced in 2010
Forgotten Realms novel series
Mark Windham is an American pathologist, currently a Distinguished Professor in Ornamental Pathology at University of Tennessee.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Tennessee faculty
American pathologists
North Carolina State University alumni
Mississippi State University alumni
William Halsall (2 May 1897–1968) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Southport.
References
1897 births
1968 deaths
English footballers
Association football goalkeepers
English Football League players
Oatfield may refer to:
Oatfield (confectioner), originating in Letterkenny, County Donegal
Oatfield, Oregon, a census-designated place in the U.S. state of Oregon
Kristen Danihy (born January 27, 1969) is an American former handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1969 births
Living people
American female handball players
Olympic handball players of the United States
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Lawton, Oklahoma
21st-century American women
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Competitors at the 1995 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1995 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in handball
Madhurima Roy (born 12 April 1991) is an Indian actor known for Criminal Justice and India's Next Top Model (season 3).
Early life
Roy hails from Kolkata, West Bengal. they were born on 12 April 1991. Roy Graduated in bachelor's degree in commerce from Symbiosis College of Arts and Commerce, Pune University.
Career
Roy Started their career with their first travel Docu-fiction for Discovery channel called NEXA journeys on Asian Highway one for S-Cross. They later got selected for India's next top model (season 3) for MTV India. Roy appeared in their debut web-series (Love, Lust and Confusion) for Viu India and shortly after that they were seen in Kaushiki (web-series). Thereafter, marking their notable appearance in Criminal Justice for Hotstar produced by BBC and applause entertainment.
Filmography
Web series
Feature films
Short films
Television
Docu-Ficton shows
References
External links
Indian actores
Indian female models
Living people
1991 births
Anodonthyla hutchisoni is a species of microhylidae frog. This species is native to Madagascar and can be found in lowland rain forests.
References
Anodonthyla
Amphibians described in 2007
The Southern Kern Unified School District is a school district in Kern County that serves the unincorporated Northern Antelope Valley communities of Rosamond and Willow Springs, California (USA).
The Southern Kern Unified School District has 8 schools:
2 elementary schools
1 junior high school
1 high school
2 independent study also known as home schools
2 alternative education schools
List of schools
Elementary schools
Rosamond Elementary School
Westpark Elementary School
Junior high schools
Tropico Middle School
High schools
Rosamond High School
Independent Study
Abraham Lincoln Independent Study
Home Choice
Alternative Education Schools
Opportunity Middle School
Rare Earth High School
See also
List of school districts in California
Muroc Joint Unified School District
Mojave Unified School District
References
External links
School districts in Kern County, California
Jhonatan Marcelo Candia Hernández (born 15 March 1995) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Rosario Central.
Professional career
Candia made their professional debut with Liverpool Montevideo in a 1-1 Uruguayan Primera División tie with Central Español on 6 April 2013.
International career
Candia represented the Uruguay U20s in 2014.
Honours
Liverpool Montevideo;
Uruguayan Segunda División: 2014-15
References
External links
BDFA Profile
1995 births
Living people
Footballers from Montevideo
Uruguayan footballers
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Uruguay youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Liverpool F.C. (Montevideo) players
Arsenal de Sarandí footballers
Club Atlético Huracán footballers
Rosario Central footballers
Uruguayan Primera División players
Uruguayan Segunda División players
Argentine Primera División players
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Argentina
Expatriate footballers in Argentina
The 52nd season of The Late Late Show, the world's longest-running chat show, began on 6 September 2013 and concluded on 30 May 2014. Ryan Tubridy's fifth season as host, it aired on RTÉ One each Friday evening from 21:30.
Local guests this season included Senator David Norris, Ombudsman Emily O'Reilly, John Wilson, Pádraig Harrington, Seán Óg Ó hAilpín, Joanne O'Riordan, Colin Farrell, Conor Lenihan, Lucinda Creighton, Mary Lou McDonald, Bob Geldof, Bosco, Brenda Fricker and Matt Cooper upon their return from North Korea. Brendan Gleeson and their sons Brian and Domhnall were all interviewed separately in different episodes (alongside the cast and crew of their latest projects) during March and April. Domhnall Gleeson also appeared alone in the season's opening episode in September.
Former Ireland rugby boss Warren Gatland was interviewed in October, while two of their successors, Joe Schmidt and Eddie O'Sullivan, were interviewed during consecutive episodes in January. Brian O'Driscoll and wife Amy Huberman featured in separate episodes (in October and in March) and Gordon D'Arcy and wife Aoife Cogan were interviewed together in May. International guests interviewed this season included astronaut Chris Hadfield, world chess champion Garry Kasparov, Sweden's Kevin Walker, South Africa's Francois Pienaar, KITT from Knight Rider, the cast of Anchorman and Richard Dreyfuss and Terry Gilliam (together) and Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum (together).
Musical guests this season included Wet Wet Wet, Cliff Richard, Midge Ure, Lang Lang, José Carreras, Clannad, Aslan, Something Happens, Delorentos, Villagers, Imelda May, O.R.B., Bell X1, Kodaline, Pixie Lott, Paolo Nutini and The Strypes.
Second episode
On 13 September 2013, Majella O'Donnell, the wife of singer Daniel O'Donnell, shaved off their hair on the show in aid of the Irish Cancer Society following their diagnosis with breast cancer. €400,000 was raised for charity as a result.
Fifth episode
Clare hurling team interview
On 4 October 2013, Clare hurling manager Davy Fitzgerald, along with players Shane O'Donnell and Patrick Donnellan, appeared as guests on the show to discuss the All-Ireland hurling final win and reaction. Davy Fitzgerald returned to the show in January.
Dolores O'Riordan revelation
Dolores O'Riordan confirmed they would be the new judge on The Voice of Ireland.
Sinéad O'Connor incident
Sinéad O'Connor used their appearance this season to discuss their feud with Miley Cyrus.
Fifteenth episode
On 13 December 2013, astronaut Chris Hadfield, in Ireland for a book signing the next day, was a guest. They performed their version of "Space Oddity". Such was their popularity, they returned as a guest two episodes later. Some reports suggested they were "the real star" of an episode that also featured the cast of Anchorman (though that sequence was pre-recorded).
Special editions
The season's edition of The Late Late Toy Show was broadcast on 29 November 2013. The show had a Mary Poppins theme, with Ryan Tubridy opening the show dressed as chimney sweep Bert and then tearing off their costume to reveal their Christmas jumper. Guests included Robbie Keane and Bosco.
The 2014 Eurosong Final was held on The Late Late Show on 28 February. The show descended into chaos as Tubridy lost control of their guests and one of the judges, Linda Martin, confronted one of the mentors, Billy McGuinness, live on national television, at one point rising from their seat and shouting that they were an "odious little man". Meanwhile, five acts performed, with one selected to represent Ireland at Eurovision Song Contest 2014 in Copenhagen. The winner of the national song contest was [...] with the song "[...]". But Martin v McGuinness grabbed all the headlines.
Episode list
References
External links
Official website
2013 Irish television seasons
2014 Irish television seasons
The Late Late Show (Irish talk show) seasons
The Lyceum is an academic building at the University of Mississippi in Oxford, Mississippi. Designed by architect William Nichols, it was named after Aristotle's Lyceum. It purportedly contains the oldest academic bell in the United States.
The building served as a hospital for Confederate wounded during the Civil War. Federal forces used the building as their operations headquarters during Ole Miss riot of 1962. It is a contributing property of the Lyceum–The Circle Historic District of the National Register of Historic Places and a National Historic Landmark.
Construction and architecture
In January 1846, the board of trustees selected architect William Nichols to oversee construction of the university and approved their proposed design for the university's central building, which they based the design on an Ionic Temple on the Illysis near Athens. Construction on the building, named the Lyceum after the classical school established by Aristotle, was initiated later that year. On July 14, 1846, a Masonic ceremony laid down the cornerstone of the Lyceum. Within, a leaden box contained a copy of the law that created the university, a Bible, gold and silver coins, and a copy of the Declaration of Independence.
The university's opening ceremony was held in a lecture hall in the Lyceum on November 6, 1848. The Lyceum served as the meeting place for several student societies until the construction of the chapel in 1853. It also served as the meeting place for the board of trustees. The third floor of the Lyceum housed the school's library until 1881 when it was moved to Lafayette Hall.
In 1859, Chancellor Frederick Augustus Porter Barnard built a addition to the Lyceum which included a lecture hall and a chemistry laboratory. In 1903, two wings were added to the building. The addition was controversial, with the school magazine writing that it compromised the Lyceum's classical design. One year later, telephones were installed in the Lyceum.
By 1916, the University of Mississippi had an undershortage of dormitories, resulting in students being housed in the basement of the Lyceum. A 1918 government inspection found the Lyceum to be in state of disrepair and deterioration. In 1923, significant structural changes, including the addition of columns to the western entrance, were made to the Lyceum.
The campus' center is "The Circle", which consists of eight academic buildings organized around an ovaloid common. The Lyceum was the first building built on the Oxford campus and was expanded with two wings in 1903. The university claims that the Lyceum's bell is the oldest academic bell in the United States.
History
Antebellum and Civil War
converted into a hospital for Confederate wounded. It was evacuated in November 1862 as general Ulysses S. Grant's Union forces approached. Although Kansas troops destroyed much of the medical equipment, a lone remaining professor persuaded Grant against burning the campus. After three weeks, Grant and their forces left, and the campus returned to being a Confederate hospital. Throughout the war, over 700 wounded died and were buried on campus.
Integration
They converted the university's administration building, the Lyceum, into their operations headquarters. Local police established barriers to prevent the entry of all except for students and faculty.
Modern history
In 2008, the Lyceum and the surrounding grounds involved in the riot were designated as a National Historic Landmark as the Lyceum–The Circle Historic District.
The Lyceum was occupied by student protestors in 2016.
Notes and references
Notes
References and citations
Works cited
University of Mississippi
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
National Historic Landmarks in Mississippi
University and college buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
William Nichols buildings
Neoclassical architecture in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Lafayette County, Mississippi
Jan-Hendrik Rootering (born 18 March 1950 in Wedingfeld near Flensburg) is a German-born operatic bass, son of the Dutch tenor Hendrikus Rootering from whom they had their first lessons. After further study at Hamburg's Musikhochschule they began singing minor roles with the Staatsoper Hamburg and made a debut at the Bayerischen Staatsoper München in 1982 as the Spirit Messenger in Die Frau ohne Schatten. In 1987 they received the title of Bayerischer Kammersänger. Mr. Rootering was the bass soloist in the Beethoven Ninth Symphony conducted by Leonard Bernstein in celebration of the fall of the Berlin wall—in the no-longer-divided city of Berlin—at Christmastime 1989.
They can be seen as Fasolt on James Levine's The Ring of the Nibelung, and as the Speaker of the Temple on Wolfgang Sawallisch's The Magic Flute, and heard on two recital discs of Lieder by Richard Strauss and Hugo Wolf with pianist Herman Lechler.
Sources
Notes to Hugo Wolf Lieder (Calig-Verlag cal 50870)
Biography from Bach-cantatas.com
Operatic bass-baritones
Living people
1950 births
German bass-baritones
German people of Dutch descent
20th-century German male opera singers
21st-century German male opera singers
American Microphone Company was an American microphone manufacturer and dealer. They manufactured several microphone models, and marketed used and military communication mics. The company shut down in the mid 1980s.
Company history
Fern A. Yarbrough founded the American Microphone Company in Los Angeles in the 1930s. The company supplied microphones for broadcast, recording, and live sound. The broadcast and film industries used the American D-22 and D-33 Microphones extensively, in part because of their modern sleek looks and tapered design.
In 1955, the Elgin Watch Company bought American Microphone. Elgin wanted to develop miniature components for microphones, but eventually abandoned the plan. Around 1960, Elgin Watch Company sold American Microphone to General Cement Company of Rockford, IL (AKA G.C. Electronics). Several years later, Electro-Voice bought American Microphone—and soon retired the brand.
Products
Full-Vision (FV) Series:
D-22 hand-held microphone
D-33 extended frequency response hand-held microphone
References
Audio equipment manufacturers of the United States
Microphone manufacturers
Manufacturing companies based in Los Angeles
Djurgårdens Idrottsförening, also known simply as Djurgårdens IF, is a Swedish professional association football club based in Stockholm. The club is affiliated with Stockholms Fotbollförbund, and plays home games at Tele2 Arena. The club's first team play in Allsvenskan as of 2015, the top league in Swedish football, which takes place from April to October every season. Djurgården won its first Swedish title 1912 Svenska Mästerskapet, and most recently repeated this in the 2019 Allsvenskan.
This is a list of seasons played by Djurgårdens IF in Swedish and European football.
Seasons
Key
P = Played
W = Games won
D = Games drawn
L = Games lost
F = Goals for
A = Goals against
Pts = Points
Pos = Final position
Div 1 = Division 1
Div 2 = Division 2
F = Final
Group = Group stage
QF = Quarter-finals
QR1 = First Qualifying Round
QR2 = Second Qualifying Round
QR3 = Third Qualifying Round
QR4 = Fourth Qualifying Round
RInt = Intermediate Round
R1 = Round 1
R2 = Round 2
R3 = Round 3
R4 = Round 4
R5 = Round 5
R6 = Round 6
SF = Semi-finals
Notes
References
Seasons
Djurgarden
Seasons
Horacio Rega Molina (San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Argentina, 1899- Buenos Aires, Argentina, 1957) was an Argentine poet specialized in sonnets, journalist, writer, teacher, and Argentine dramatist. They worked as a literary critic in the newspaper "El Mundo".
The works of their youth produced between 1919 and 1925, show an evident influence of the style of Leopoldo Lugones who sponsors him. Their works abound in stories and poems about the Argentine countryside and the Argentine telluric spirit. They were a friend of Roberto Mariani and César Tiempo.
Birth and death
Rega Molina was born in 1899 in San Nicolás de los Arroyos, Argentina. They died in Buenos Aires on October 24, 1957, alone because of the political passions of the time.
Influences and work
Rega Molina was influenced by the writer Leopoldo Lugones and was a friend of Roberto Mariani and Cesar Tiempo.
Their most important works include "The Happy Hour" (1919), "The Poem of the Rain " (1922), "The fragrant tree" (1923), "On the Eve of Good Love" (1925), "drawn from a Window Sunday" (1928), "Blue Map " (1931), "Provincial Oda" (1940), "Sentenced to Death Sonnets" (1940), "Root and Crown" (1943), "Homeland of the Field" (1946), "Sonnets My Blood "(1951), "Collection of Poems" (1954).
Honors and posthumous works
Over the course of their life, Rega Molina won, among other distinctions, the Municipal Poetry Prize in 1925, the Grand National Prize for Poetry in 1951 and the top prize of the PEN Club. In their hometown, the day of their birth (July 10) was declared by municipal ordinance, "the day of nicoleña culture".
In 1994 Plus Ultra released two posthumous books, Odes of Jail and on Horseback and Consecration of the Fire.
References
1899 births
1957 deaths
20th-century Argentine poets
20th-century Argentine male writers
Argentine male poets
People from San Nicolás de los Arroyos
Samantha Roberts (born 21 April 2000) is an Antiguan swimmer. They competed in the women's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2016 Summer Olympics, where they ranked 57th with a time of 27.95 seconds. They did not advance to the semifinals. They were the youngest member of Antigua and Barbuda's 2016 Olympic team.
They competed in the women's 50 metre freestyle event at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Citizens of Antigua and Barbuda through descent
Antigua and Barbuda female swimmers
Olympic swimmers of Antigua and Barbuda
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Pan American Games competitors for Antigua and Barbuda
Swimmers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Swimmers at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics
Antigua and Barbuda female freestyle swimmers
Swimmers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Memphis, Tennessee
Acleris laterana is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is native to the Palearctic realm, but has been accidentally imported into the United States.
The wingspan is about 15–20 mm. In Europe, adults are on wing from June to July and again from August to September. In greenhouses, a third generation may develop. In Japan and Korea, there are also two generations per year, with adults on wing from May to June and from September to October.
It is a very variable species. The intensity of the greyish suffusion on specimens with a silver-white ground colour may be sufficiently heavy to almost obliterate the ground colour. Often, the ground colour is suffused with grey, giving the wing a cinerous appearance. The ground colour can also be pale yellow-brown varying to ochreous, with the costal blotch and sub-basal fascia dull bluish black. Another form has the ground colour grey-brown, varying considerably in shade, the costal blotch relatively inconspicuous, its inner margin extending across the wing in some specimens.
The larvae feed on Crataegus, Filipendula ulmaria, Populus, Prunus, Rosa, Rubus, Sorbus, Salix, Symphytum officinale and Vaccinium. They feed between spun leaves and may also attack the flowers. The larvae can be found from May to June. Pupation takes place within a silken cocoon spun in a folded leaf.
References
laterana
Moths of Asia
Tortricidae of Europe
Moths described in 1794
The blow-up lemma, proved by János Komlós, Gábor N. Sárközy, and Endre Szemerédi in 1997, is an important result in extremal graph theory, particularly within the context of the regularity method. It states that the regular pairs in the statement of Szemerédi's regularity lemma behave like complete bipartite graphs in the context of embedding spanning graphs of bounded degree.
Definitions and Statement
To formally state the blow-up lemma, we first need to define the notion of a super-regular pair.
Super-regular pairs
A pair of subsets of the vertex set is called -super-regular if for every and satistying
and
we have
and furthermore,
for all and for all .
Here denotes the number of pairs with and such that is an edge.
Statement of the Blow-up Lemma
Given a graph of order and positive parameters , there exists a positive such that the following holds. Let be arbitrary positive integers and let us replace the vertices of with pairwise disjoint sets of sizes (blowing up). We construct two graphs on the same vertex set . The first graph is obtained by replacing each edge of with the complete bipartite graph between the corresponding vertex sets and . A sparser graph G is constructed by replacing each edge with an -super-regular pair between and . If a graph with is embeddable into then it is already embeddable into G.
Proof Sketch
The proof of the blow-up lemma is based on using a randomized greedy algorithm (RGA) to embed the vertices of into sequentially. The argument then proceeds by bounding the failure rate of the algorithm such that it is less than 1 (and in fact ) for an appropriate choice of parameters. This means that there is a non-zero chance for the algorithm to succeed, so an embedding must exist.
Attempting to directly embed all the vertices of in this manner does not work because the algorithm may get stuck when only a small number of vertices are left. Instead, we set aside a small fraction of the vertex set, called buffer vertices, and attempt to embed the rest of the vertices. The buffer vertices are subsequently embedded by using Hall's marriage theorem to find a perfect matching between the buffer vertices and the remaining vertices of .
Notation
We borrow all notation introduced in previous sections. Let . Since can be embedded into , we can write with for all . For a vertex , let denote . For ,
denotes the density of edges between the corresponding vertex sets of . is the embedding that we wish to construct. is the final time after which the algorithm concludes.
Outline of the algorithm
Phase 0: Initialization
Greedily choose the set of buffer vertices from the vertices of as a maximal set of vertices distance at least from each other
Order the remaining vertices (those in ) in a list , placing the neighbors of first.
Declare a queue of presently prioritized vertices, which is initially empty.
Declare an array of sets indexed by the vertices of , representing the set of all "free spots" of , that is, the set of unoccupied vertices in the vertex could be mapped to without violating any of the adjacency conditions from the already-embedded neighbors of in . is initialized to .
Phase 1: Randomized Greedy Embedding
Choose a vertex from the set of remaining vertices as follows:
If the queue of prioritized vertices is non-empty, then choose the vertex from
Otherwise, choose a vertex from the list of remaining vertices
Choose the image in for the vertex randomly from the set of "good" choices, where a choice is good iff none of the new free-sets differ too much in size from the expected value.
Update the free sets , and put vertices whose free sets have become too small with respect to their size in the last update in the set of prioritized vertices
Abort if the queue contains a sufficiently large fraction of any of the sets
If there are non-buffer vertices left to be embedded in either or , update time and go back to step 1; otherwise move on to phase 2.
Phase 2: Kőnig-Hall matching for remaining vertices
Consider the set of vertices left to be embedded, which is precisely , and the set of free spots . Form a bipartite graph between these two sets, joining each to , and find a perfect matching in this bipartite graph. Embed according to this matching.
Proof of correctness
The proof of correctness is technical and quite involved, so we omit the details. The core argument proceeds as follows:
Step 1: most vertices are good, and enough vertices are free
Prove simultaneously by induction on that if is the vertex embedded at time , then
only a small fraction of the choices in are bad
all of the free sets are fairly large for unembedded vertices
Step 2: the "main lemma"
Consider , and such that is not too small. Consider the event where
no vertices are embedded in during the first phase
for every there is a time such that the fraction of free vertices of in at time was small.
Then, we prove that the probability of happening is low.
Step 3: phase 1 succeeds with high probability
The only way that the first phase could fail is if it aborts, since by the first step we know that there is always a sufficient choice of good vertices. The program aborts only when the queue is too long. The argument then proceeds by union-bounding over all modes of failure, noting that for any particular choice of , and with representing a subset of the queue that failed, the triple satisfy the conditions of the "main lemma", and thus have a low probability of occurring.
Step 4: no queue in initial phase
Recall that the list was set up so that neighbors of vertices in the buffer get embedded first. The time until all of these vertices get embedded is called the initial phase. Prove by induction on that no vertices get added to the queue during the initial phase. It follows that all of the neighbors of the buffer vertices get added before the rest of the vertices.
Step 5: buffer vertices have enough free spots
For any and , we can find a sufficiently large lower bound on the probability that , conditional on the assumption that was free before any of the vertices in were embedded.
Step 6: phase 2 succeeds with high probability
By Hall's marriage theorem, phase 2 fails if and only if Hall's condition is violated. For this to happen, there must be some and such that . cannot be too small by largeness of free sets (step 1). If it is too large, then with high probability , so the probability of failure in such a case would be low. If is neither too small nor too large, then noting that is a large set of unused vertices, we can use the main lemma and union-bound the failure probability.
Applications
The blow-up lemma has a number of applications in embedding dense graphs.
Pósa-Seymour Conjecture
In 1962, Lajos Pósa conjectured that every -vertex graph with minimum degree at least contains the square of a Hamiltonian cycle, generalizing Dirac's theorem. The conjecture was further extended by Paul Seymour in 1974 to the following:
Every graph on vertices with minimum degree at least contains the -th power of a Hamiltonian cycle.
The blow-up lemma was used by Komlós, Sárközy, and Szemerédi to prove the conjecture for all sufficiently large values of (for a fixed ) in 1998.
Alon-Yuster Conjecture
In 1995, Noga Alon and Raphael Yuster considered the generalization of the well-known Hajnal–Szemerédi theorem to arbitrary -factors (instead of just complete graphs), and proved the following statement:
For every fixed graph with vertices, any graph G with n vertices and with minimum degree contains vertex disjoint copies of H.
They also conjectured that the result holds with only a constant (instead of linear) error:
For every integer there exists a constant such that for every graph with vertices, any graph with vertices and with minimum degree contains at least vertex disjoint copies of .
This conjecture was proven by Komlós, Sárközy, and Szemerédi in 2001 using the blow-up lemma.
History and Variants
The blow-up lemma, first published in 1997 by Komlós, Sárközy, and Szemerédi, emerged as a refinement of existing proof techniques using the regularity method to embed spanning graphs, as in the proof of the Bollobás conjecture on spanning trees, work on the Pósa-Seymour conjecture about the minimum degree necessary to contain the k-th graph power of a Hamiltonian cycle, and the proof of the Alon-Yuster conjecture on the minimum degree needed for a graph to have a perfect H-factor. The proofs of all of these theorems relied on using a randomized greedy algorithm to embed the majority of vertices, and then using a Kőnig-Hall like argument to find an embedding for the remaining vertices. The first proof of the blow-up lemma also used a similar argument. Later in 1997, however, the same authors published another paper that found an improvement to the randomized algorithm to make it deterministic.
Peter Keevash found a generalization of the blow-up lemma to hypergraphs in 2010.
Stefan Glock and Felix Joos discovered a variant of the blow-up lemma for rainbow graphs in 2018.
In 2019, Peter Allen, Julia Böttcher, Hiep Hàn, Yoshiharu Kohayakawa, and Yury Person, found sparse analogues of the blow-up lemma for embedding bounded degree graphs into random and pseudorandom graphs
References
Graph theory
Lemmas in graph theory
Izak Davel (born 1 July 1983 in South Africa) is a South African actor, singer, dancer and male model. They matriculated at the Lady Grey Arts Academy in 2001 after which they proceeded to study dance at the Tshwane University of Technology and finished their studies in 2004.
They have participated in many works in theatre and played Scab on the soap opera Egoli from 2006 until its finale in 2010. They appeared on the third season of Survivor South Africa in 2010 where they became well known for wearing only a red speedo and currently plays Bradley Haines on the SABC 3 soap opera Isidingo
Davel was approached by the music promoter Stephen Stewart, who is known for their marketing and publicity of Rina Hugo, Sonja Herold, Manuel Escorcio, Juanita du Plessis and Lieflinge and contributed to sales of over 500 000 albums sold. Davel launched their singing career with the release of their debut album, Ken Jy My? in 2008.
Theatre appearances
The Tshwane Dance Season
The Sleeping Beauty
The Rite of Spring
Pippin
The Queen Show
Best of the Boys
Joseph
Life at Centre
Jesus Christ Superstar
Filmography
Television
Egoli (2006–2010)
Survivor South Africa: Santa Carolina (2008)
Isidingo (2013–)
Film
Getroud Met Rugby: Die Onvertelde Storie (2011)
Platteland (2011)
Hoofmeisie (2011)
Discography
Ken Jy My? (2008)
Produced by Stephen Stewart and Werner Beukes
Ken jy my
Stuur my 'n email
Jy's my DJ
Petrol vir my vuur
My verstaan
Limmm Boe
Is jy in of uit?
Sal jy bly?
Vir altyd
Langpad
Skerwe van glas
1000 Uur
Terug na my
Laat my lewe (saam met Jo-mari)
References
1984 births
21st-century South African male singers
Afrikaans-language singers
Living people
South African male stage actors
South African male television actors
South African male models
Tshwane University of Technology alumni
Carel Willem Hendrik Eiting (born 11 February 1998) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays for Volendam as a midfielder.
Club career
Ajax
Eiting is a youth exponent from Ajax. They made their professional debut with Jong Ajax on 12 August 2016 in an Eerste Divisie game against Almere City playing the full match. On 19 September 2020, Eiting joined EFL Championship side Huddersfield Town on loan for the 2020–21 season.
They made their Huddersfield debut in an EFL Championship fixture against Nottingham Forest on 25 September 2020, coming on as a half-time substitute for Jonathan Hogg. They scored their first goal for the club in a 1-1 draw with Luton Town on 7 November 2020.
Genk
On 25 June 2021, it was announced that K.R.C. Genk had signed Eiting to a 4-year contract transferring from Ajax for an undisclosed amount, joining the team of John van den Brom. Their contract with the club was cancelled on 30 January 2022.
Huddersfield Town
On 31 January 2022, Eiting returned to Huddersfield Town on a deal to the end of the 2021–22 season, following the cancellation of their contract at Genk. Huddersfield announced on 1 June 2022 that they had been released.
Volendam
On 4 August 2022, Eiting signed a two-year contract with Volendam.
Career statistics
Honours
Ajax
Eredivisie: 2018–19
KNVB Cup: 2018–19
References
1998 births
Living people
Footballers from Amsterdam
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Netherlands under-21 international footballers
Association football midfielders
AFC Ajax players
Jong Ajax players
Huddersfield Town A.F.C. players
K.R.C. Genk players
FC Volendam players
Eredivisie players
Eerste Divisie players
English Football League players
Belgian First Division A players
Dutch expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in England
Expatriate footballers in Belgium
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in England
Dutch expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
The 2012–13 Mid-American Conference women's basketball season began with practices in October 2012, followed by the start of the 2012–13 NCAA Division I women's basketball season in November. Conference play began in January 2013 and concluded in March 2013. Toledo won the regular season title with a record of 15–1 by three games over Ball State, Akron, and Central Michigan. Rachel Tecca of Akron was named MAC player of the year.
Fourth seeded Central Michigan won the MAC tournament over third seeded Akron. Crystal Bradford of Central Michigan was the tournament MVP. Central Michiagn lost to Oklahoma in the first round of the NCAA tournament. Toledo, Akron, Bowling Green, Miami and Ball State played in the WNIT.
Preseason awards
The preseason coaches' poll and league awards were announced by the league office on October 30, 2012.
Preseason women's basketball coaches poll
(First place votes in parenthesis)
East Division
(16)
(13)
(1)
Ohio
West Division
(24)
(6)
Tournament champs
Toledo (16), Central Michigan (12), Bowling Green (2)
Honors
Postseason
Mid–American tournament
NCAA tournament
Women's National Invitational Tournament
Postseason awards
Coach of the Year: Tricia Cullop, Toledo
Player of the Year: Rachel Tecca, Akron
Freshman of the Year: Nathalie Fontaine, Ball State
Defensive Player of the Year: Andola Dortch, Toledo
Sixth Man of the Year: Shanee' Jackson, Ball State
Honors
See also
2012–13 Mid-American Conference men's basketball season
References
Friendly society brasses were the emblems of village friendly societies or clubs common in the west of England between the late 18th and early 20th centuries. The use of brasses as emblems was particularly prevalent in Somerset and the surrounding counties.
Use
On the society's annual feast day or walking day, usually in spring, the members would hold a parade around the village, with the officers or sometimes all the members carrying poles or staves between four and eight feet (1.2 to 2.4 meters) in length and usually painted. Some poles (also known as rods, wands or 'club sticks') were headed by garlands of flowers, while in the West Country, the poles were commonly headed by a brass finial with a distinctive shape and decorated with ribbons.
It is thought that the use of brass was due to the proximity of the brass industries in Bristol and Bridgwater, and the two separate manufacturing centres may account for there being two principal forms of brass pole-head. Those used north and east of a line drawn between Bridgwater and Yeovil were generally flat and cut from sheet brass, while those south and west of the line were more three-dimensional. The flat Brasses most commonly took the form of an elaborate spear-head or a fleur-de-lis, while the three-dimensional forms were cast and based on a ball or column shape.
There was often a symbolic element in a brass emblem. For example, the addition of a crown could indicate loyalty to the monarchy, while an acorn or oak leaves indicated strength or longevity. Other symbols include clasped hands or two figures shaking hands indicating friendship and community, religious symbols such as anchors or the Agnus Dei, and horseshoes. Some Brasses may replicate the sign of the inn where the Society met.
Stave dances
Stave dances may have been dances performed after the procession, with the dancers carrying and using the staves with their brass heads in the course of the dance, for example to form arches or stars. There are few records of the dances themselves, but some from Somerset, and from Stourton Caundle and Fifehead Magdalen in Dorset, have been found. Some modern-day Morris dance groups have revived stave dancing, for example 'Somerset Morris' based near Bristol, and the 'Mendip Stave Dancers' from Oakhill in Somerset.
Gallery
References
Friendly societies of the United Kingdom
Richard Dixon (born 28 March 1992) is a Panamanian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Plaza Amador.
Club career
Chorrillo
They joined Chorrillo from Sporting San Miguelito in January 2014.
Limón
In 2016, Dixon signed with Limón of Costa Rica.
Águila
Dixon signed with Águila of the Salvadoran Primera División for Apertura 2017 tournament. With the team of San Miguel, Dixon experienced a serious salary delay, which was solved at the end of the tournament.
International career
Dixon made their debut for Panama in a November 2012 friendly match against Spain and has, as of 10 June 2015, earned a total of 5 caps, scoring no goals. They represented their country at the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Panamanian footballers
Panama international footballers
2013 Copa Centroamericana players
2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Sporting San Miguelito players
Unión Deportivo Universitario players
C.D. Plaza Amador players
Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional de Honduras players
Platense F.C. players
Footballers at the 2015 Pan American Games
Pan American Games competitors for Panama
Republic County (standard abbreviation: RP) is a county located in the state of Kansas, south from the Nebraska state line. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 4,674. The largest city, and the county seat, is Belleville.
History
Early history
For millennia, the Great Plains of North America were inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th to 18th centuries, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France ceded New France to Spain, by the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, the land that included modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase.
Prior to the arrival of settlers of European ancestry, the area was inhabited by Indian tribes including the Pawnee, Iowa, and Otoe. One should also consider that other nomadic Indian tribes pursuing the buffalo, including the Arapaho, Cheyenne, Comanche, Kansa, Kiowa, Osage, and Wichita, may have made the area their home at one time or another.
In 1854, under the provisions of the Kansas–Nebraska Act, the Kansas Territory was organized. In 1860, Republic County was established by the Kansas legislature. And, in 1861, Kansas became the 34th U.S. state. The county is named for the Republican River, which enters at the northwestern corner of the county, flowing slightly east of south, and leaving the county about eight miles east of the southwest corner.
Daniel and Conrad Myers were the first settlers of European ancestry, arriving in February 1861. By 1868, Republic County was holding elections. Daniel Myers was elected judge of the Probate court and Conrad Myers to a seat on the County commission. At the election in 1869, the permanent location of the county seat was voted on with the following result: Belleville 59 and New Scandinavia 42, with a couple of votes going to other locations.
Following the Civil War and during the latter half of the 19th century, Belleville and the surrounding area became a destination for European immigrants, notably from Sweden and Bohemia (now Czech Republic).
In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a branch line from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This branch line connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior. At some point, the line from Neva to Lost Springs was pulled but the right of way has not been abandoned. This branch line was originally called "Strong City and Superior line" but later the name was shortened to the "Strong City line".
In 1996, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway merged with Burlington Northern Railroad and was renamed the BNSF Railway, although most locals still refer to this railroad as the "Santa Fe".
Geography
According to the 2000 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.45%) is land and (or 0.55%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Thayer County, Nebraska (north)
Jefferson County, Nebraska (northeast)
Washington County (east)
Cloud County (south)
Jewell County (west)
Nuckolls County, Nebraska (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 5,835 people, 2,557 households, and 1,685 families residing in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 3,113 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (2/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.56% White, 0.26% Black or African American, 0.21% Native American, 0.19% Asian, 0.33% from other races, and 0.46% from two or more races. 0.94% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 24.1% were of German, 13.6% Swedish, 12.4% Czech, 9.2% English, 9.0% Irish and 8.6% American ancestry according to Census 2000.
There were 2,557 households, out of which 25.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.80% were married couples living together, 4.80% had a woman householder with no husband present, and 34.10% were non-families. 31.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 18.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.23 and the average family size was 2.80.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.30% under the age of 18, 4.50% from 18 to 24, 22.10% from 25 to 44, 25.00% from 45 to 64, and 26.10% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 46 years. For every 100 women there were 93.20 men. For every 100 women age 18 and over, there were 90.80 men.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,494, and the median income for a family was $39,215. Men had a median income of $25,260 versus $17,274 for women. The per capita income for the county was $17,433. About 6.00% of families and 9.10% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.40% of those under age 18 and 8.90% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Republic County is overwhelmingly Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won the county, with the exception of Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and Woodrow Wilson in 1912 and 1916. Since 1996, the Republican candidate has garnered seventy percent of the county's vote. The only Democrat since 1980 to exceed one quarter of the vote was Michael Dukakis in 1988.
Laws
Republic County was a prohibition ("dry") county until 1986, when the Kansas Constitution was amended, allowing the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Republic County USD 109
Pike Valley USD 426
Communities
Incorporated cities
Agenda
Belleville
Courtland
Cuba
Munden
Narka
Republic
Scandia
Unincorporated communities
Harbine
Kackley
Norway
Rydal
Talmo
Wayne
Ghost town
Sherdahl
White Rock
Townships
Republic County is divided into twenty townships. The city of Belleville is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
Notable people
Arts and entertainment
Robert Gordon, actor (1895–1971)
Greta Granstedt, actor
Harry A. Pollard, silent film actor
Athletes
Herb Bradley, Major League Baseball player
Thomas Bushby, player for the Cincinnati "Football" Reds in 1934 and the Philadelphia Eagles in 1935
Lloyd Cardwell, football player
Larry Cheney, Major League Baseball player
Dean Nesmith, professional football player, Olympic athletic trainer
Ronald Severa, Olympic water polo player, 1956 and 1960
Anthony Zuzzio, offensive lineman for the Detroit Lions
Clergy
Allen Wikgren, pastor and Bible scholar
Richard B. Wilke, former pastor in Scandia, writer of the Disciple ministry series
Journalists
J. C. Humphrey, founder of the Belleville Telescope newspaper
Medicine
C. M. Arbuthnot, early physician and pharmacist in the county
Philanthropy
Elizabeth A. Johnson, Kansas history advocate
Politicians
Clay Aurand, member of Kansas Legislature
Charles H. Blosser (1895–1989), namesake of Blosser Municipal Airport in Concordia, Kansas
Edwin C. Johnson, Governor of Colorado
William C. Perry, 34th Chief Justice of the Oregon Supreme Court
Isaac O. Savage, state senator in the Kansas legislature
Settlers
Ransom Henry Gile, early settler in Scandia
Thomas Lovewell, founded settlement of White Rock, namesake of Lovewell Reservoir
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Republic County, Kansas
References
Further reading
A History of Republic County, Kansas; I.O. Savage; Jones & Chubbic; 323 pages; 1901.
Standard Atlas of Republic County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 66 pages; 1923.
Standard Atlas of Republic County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 58 pages; 1904.
Atlas of Republic County, Kansas; Gillen & Davy; 47 pages; 1884.
External links
County
Republic County - directory of public officials
Other
Republic County Historical Society Museum
Maps
Republic County maps: current, historic, KDOT
Kansas highway maps: current, historic, KDOT
Kansas railroad maps: current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1860 establishments in Kansas Territory
Paul's theology is considered by some interpreters to center on a participation in Christ, in which one partakes in salvation by dying and rising with Jesus. While this theology was interpreted as mysticism by Albert Schweitzer, according to the New Perspective on Paul, as initiated by E.P. Sanders, it is more aptly viewed as a salvation theology.
Albert Schweitzer
Albert Schweitzer "argued that redemption for Paul meant deliverance from hostile angelic powers and that justification by faith was but a 'subsidiary' element of their thought. For Schweitzer, the heart of Paul's theology lay in their 'mysticism': redemption takes place when one is united with Christ through baptism, thus participating (in a real, not merely metaphoric, sense) in their death and resurrection.
This "Pauline mysticism" is not about "being one with God or being in God," and sonship to God is not conceived as "an immediate mystical relation to God, but as mediated and effected by means of a mystical union with Christ". According to Schweitzer, Paul saw human beings to enter into relation with God by dying and rising with Christ, being set free from sin and the Law, and possessing the Spirit of Christ.
Paul emphasizes justification by faith in the Epistle to the Romans. Christ's death is portrayed as a sin offering, which erases sin and makes God's forgiveness possible. This "righteousness by faith" is individualistic, and it does not lead to an ethical theory.
New Perspective on Paul
These views on Paul have been challenged by the so-called "New Perspective on Paul," as initiated by E.P. Sanders. According to Sanders, the historical understanding of Second Temple Judaism had been incorrect, drawing a mistaken opposition between "faith" and "works." Paul's insistence of faith stems from this Second Temple Judaism, in which the covenant with God was maintained by observing the Law ("works"), but was given by God to their chosen people as an act of faith. For Paul, Jesus death and rising were a solution to the problem of the inclusion of Gentile Torah-observers into the covenant. By definition, those Gentiles were "sinners," who could not enter the covenant by observing the Law. Yet, God had entered this evil world through Jesus, to redeem it; by faith in, or through, Jesus, and participating in their death and rising, Jews and gentiles alike were redeemed. According to Ellen Charry,
See also
Christian meditation
Pauline Christianity
Atonement in Christianity
Soteriology
Christian mysticism
References
Citations
Sources
Printed sources
Further reading
The Mysticism of Paul the Apostle. (1930), by Albert Schweitzer, Johns Hopkins University Press. 1998.
See especially the section "The Mysticism of Paul the Apostle"
Christian mysticism
Pauline Christianity
Magnetic surveying is one of a number of methods used in archaeological geophysics. Magnetic surveys record spatial variation in the Earth's magnetic field. In archaeology, magnetic surveys are used to detect and map archaeological artefacts and features. Magnetic surveys are used in both terrestrial and marine archaeology.
Overview
Magnetometers used in geophysical survey may use a single sensor to measure the total magnetic field strength, or may use two (sometimes more) spatially separated sensors to measure the gradient of the magnetic field (the difference between the sensors). In most archaeological applications the latter (gradiometer) configuration is preferred because it provides better resolution of small, near-surface phenomena. Magnetometers may also use a variety of different sensor types. Proton precession magnetometers have largely been superseded by faster and more sensitive fluxgate and cesium instruments.
Every kind of material has unique magnetic properties, even those that we do not think of as being "magnetic". Different materials below the ground can cause local disturbances in the Earth's magnetic field that are detectable with sensitive magnetometers. The chief limitation of magnetometer survey is that subtle features of interest may be obscured by highly magnetic geologic or modern materials.
Terrestrial magnetic surveys
In terrestrial archaeology, magnetic surveys are typically used for detailed mapping of archaeological features on known archaeological sites. More exceptionally, magnetometers are used for low-resolution exploratory surveys.
Several types of magnetometer are used in terrestrial archaeology. Early surveys, beginning in the 1950s, were conducted with proton precession magnetometers. Data collection with proton precession instruments was slow, making high sample density surveys impracticable. Data were manually recorded and plotted. The subsequent introduction of Fluxgate and cesium vapor magnetometers improved sensitivity, and greatly increased sampling speed, making high resolution surveys of large areas practical. Equally important was the development of computers to handle, process, and display large datasets.
Magnetometers react very strongly to iron and steel, brick, burned soil, and many types of rock, and archaeological features composed of these materials are very detectable. Where these highly magnetic materials do not occur, it is often possible to detect very subtle anomalies caused by disturbed soils or decayed organic materials. Many types of sites and features have been successfully mapped with magnetometers, ranging from very ephemeral prehistoric campsites to large urban centers.
Magnetic survey help to prove that a survey area has the potential for more detailed studies and scientific excavation.
Marine magnetic surveys
Magnetic surveys are extremely useful in the excavation and exploration of underwater archaeological sites. The apparatus used on the water slightly differs from that on land. Marine magnetometers come in two types: surface-towed and near-bottom. Both are towed a sufficient distance (about two ship lengths) away from the ship to allow them to collect data without being affected by the ship's magnetic properties. Surface-towed magnetometers allow for a wider range of detection but have lower precision than near-bottom magnetometers.
The most common type of magnetometer used for marine surveying is the fluxgate magnetometer. Fluxgate magnetometers utilize two ferromagnetic cores each wound with a primary coil (in opposite directions) and an outer secondary coil attached to an amp meter. When an alternating current (AC) is passed through the primary coils, it creates two opposing magnetic fields that vary in intensity based on the outside magnetic fields. By floating them parallel to the seafloor, they can measure the changes in magnetic fields over the seabed.
Another common type is the newer proton precession magnetometer. This utilizes a container full of hydrogen-rich liquids (commonly kerosene or methanol) that, when agitated by a direct current (DC) or Radio Frequency (RF), cause the electrons to become energized and transfer that energy to the protons due to the Overhauser Effect, basically turning them into dipole magnets. When the stimulus is removed, the protons precess at a rate that can be interpreted to determine the magnetic forces of the area.
In maritime archaeology, these are often used to map the geology of wreck sites and determine the composition of magnetic materials found on the seafloor. An Overhauser magnetometer (PPM) was used in 2001 to map Sebastos (the harbor of Caesarea Maritima) and helped to identify components of the Roman concrete.
Airborne magnetic surveys
Measuring the Earths' magnetic field is a very useful tool in mineral exploration, oil exploration, and geological mapping. To cover large areas with uniform data, aircraft such as helicopters, airplanes, and drones are employed. The amount of detail is a function of flight height and sample density, in addition to instrument sensitivity. For surverys, drones are used which helps greatly in the process.
Related methods
The magnetic properties of archaeological materials form the basis for a number of other archaeological techniques, Including:
Magnetic susceptibility survey
Laboratory analysis of magnetic samples
Archaeomagnetic dating
Further reading
References
Archaeological science
Methods in archaeology
Geophysical survey
Geophysical imaging
Causata is an enterprise software company based in San Mateo, California, United States with development offices in London, England, UK. It provides software which is used by business-to-consumer marketers to manage interactions with customers. The company launched the fourth version of its products in February, 2013.
Corporate history
Causata was founded in 2009 by Paul Phillips and opened its first office in London, England, UK. The company opened its San Mateo, California office in 2011. CEO Paul Wahl, a former CEO of SAP America and former COO of Siebel Systems, joined the company in March 2012. Causata has received $23 million in venture funding from Accel Partners London, the Series C round coming in Feb. 2013.
In 2013, Causata was acquired by NICE Systems.
Products
Causata's software uses HBase, the NoSQL database on the Hadoop Distributed File System. It has industry-specific applications for cross-sell, acquisition, and retention to enable marketers to personalize web and mobile interfaces, operate email and mobile messaging campaigns, enable targeted advertising and create context-driven sales and service.
The Identity Graph algorithms use first-party online and offline customer data to combine customers' identities and event timelines.
The Predictive Profile compares individual customer paths and histories against each other to predict customer intent. Machine learning algorithms based on reinforcement methodologies build real-time predictive analytics models for individual customers.
Decisioning serves targeted offers, promotions and ads to potential customers, based on information gathered by the previously mentioned analysis.
References
Software companies based in California
Software companies established in 2009
Software companies of the United States
The 2014 Italian general strike was a one-day general strike which took place on 12 December across Italy. Two of the country's largest trade union confederations, the Italian General Confederation of Labour (CGIL) and Italian Labour Union (UIL), participated in the action in an effort to stop a plan put forth by Prime Minister Matteo Renzi to weaken labour laws surrounding the hiring and firing of young workers. The Italian Confederation of Workers' Trade Unions (CISL) did not participate. Thousands of workers stopped work for the day to take part in the action across the country. Public protests were held in most major cities and regions.
In 2011, Italian workers also participated in a general strike against austerity measures proposed by Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
See also
List of strikes
1904 Italian general strike
1922 Italian general strike
References
Labor disputes in Italy
December 2014 events in Italy
2014 in Italy
2014 labor disputes and strikes
Röykkä () is a village located in the Nurmijärvi municipality of Finland, near the border of Vihti municipality. It is fourth largest village in the municipality after Klaukkala, Rajamäki and Nurmijärvi's church village. The population is about 1600.
Lake Sääksi, which is Finland's largest spring water lake, is located northside to the village, and there is Kotolahti, also known as "Little-Sääski" and "Röykänranta", which is a popular beach in Röykkä. There is also smaller Lake Vaaksi near to the village. On the northern shore of Lake Sääksi is the private tomb of the daughter of Kytäjä Manor's host, known as the "Tomb of Love" (Rakkaudenhauta).
Traditional Christmas events at the village include the Röykkä's Christmas Tree Party (Röykän kuusijuhla), when a light procession led by Santa Claus moves from school to the giant spruce tree on the centre of Röykkä to decorate it with lights.
Transport
The village is crossed by the Finnish regional road 132 (Mt 132) that runs between Loppi and Klaukkala. In the northern part of the village there is national road 25 (Vt 25), which runs between Hanko and Mäntsälä. Hanko–Hyvinkää railway also runs next to the village.
Distances from other cities
Helsinki 43 km
Loppi 33 km
Klaukkala 14 km
Nurmijärvi 12 km
Rajamäki 8 km
Buildings
In the middle of Röykkä, there is a grocery store K-Market (previously Valintatalo and earlier Siwa), a pizzeria and little coffee house. Also, there is a primary school in Kassakumpu, the largest and growing residential area of Röykkä, but the nearest secondary school is located in the neighboring village Rajamäki.
The railway station, located along the Hanko–Hyvinkää railway, was built and commissioned in 1911 and closed in 1977. Finnish model and PR Manager Ellen Jokikunnas bought building in 2007 to renovating it their new home.
Sanatorium
In the northern part of Röykkä, there is a former Art Nouveau-styled tuberculosis sanatorium known as Nummela Sanatorium designed by architect Magnus Schjerfbeck in 1903. Sanatorium was closed down in 1932 and replaced by a mental hospital. In 1989, the hospital was also closed down and has been completely disabled ever since. In the spring of 2022, the Röykkä Invest Oy company bought the hospital building for €1,5 million; one of the founders of the company is the actor Jasper Pääkkönen, who announced in the summer of the same year that they were planning to turn the former sanatorium into a hotel.
Local rumors tell that paranormal phenomena have been observed in an abandoned hospital. According to several visitors the windows of the building show mysterious lights, as well as a woman who commits suicide by jumping off the roof. According to another rumor, the hospital is haunted by the spirit of a girl who died there at a young age.
Notable people
Elmer Diktonius (1896–1961), author and poet
Ellen Jokikunnas (born 1976), model and PR manager
Matti Mattila (1912–1990), agricultural counselor
Toivo Salervo (1888–1977), architect
See also
Kiljava
Leppälampi
References
External links
Röykän asukasyhdistys ry - Official Web Site
Villages in Finland
Nurmijärvi
Thomas Ignatius Gasson (September 23, 1859 – February 27, 1930) was an American Catholic priest and Jesuit. Born in England, they emigrated to the United States at the age of 13, and was taken under the care of two Catholic women in Philadelphia, which led to their conversion to Catholicism soon thereafter. They entered the Society of Jesus in 1875, and studied theology at the University of Innsbruck in Austria, where they were ordained a priest. Upon their return to the United States, they became a professor at Boston College, before being named President of Boston College in 1907.
As president, they initiated the college's relocation from the South End of Boston to a new campus in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts that they purchased. They oversaw the construction of the new campus' first building, the recitation hall, which was later named Gasson Hall. For this, they became known as Boston College's "second founder." Their tenure came to an end in 1914, and they moved first to Maryland and then to Georgetown University, where they served as graduate dean for sociology for nine years. They then briefly led the Manresa Institute on Staten Island, before being stationed at Loyola College in Montreal, where they died in 1930.
Early life
Thomas Ignatius Gasson was born on September 23, 1859, in Sevenoaks, Kent in England. Their ancestry on their father's side was French Huguenot, while that on their mother's side was a longtime family of Kent, which produced several rectors of St. Nicholas Church in Sevenoaks. They were sent to St. Stephen's School in London, before immigrating to the United States in 1872. They had little money or belongings, and sustained themselves as an errand boy. Though they had intended to live in Philadelphia with their older brother, they were taken under the care of two Catholic women. They had them instructed in the Catholic faith, and on October 5, 1874, they were formally received into the Catholic Church at the Chapel of the Holy Family in Philadelphia (later known as the Church of the Gesú).
Education and early career
Shortly thereafter, they entered the Society of Jesus on November 7, 1875. While preparing to be ordained a priest, they were sent to teach at St. Francis Xavier College in New York City. They then returned to Europe to study theology at the University of Innsbruck in Austria. They were ordained a priest on July 26, 1891, by Simon Aichner, the Prince-Bishop of Brixen, in the university church. The following year, they continued their theological studies, and also served as chaplain at a charitable institution in the city of Innsbruck.
Gasson returned to the United States in the summer of 1892. They taught poetry to students in Frederick, Maryland for two years, before beginning their study of ascetical theology for one year. Upon completion of their studies, they were made a professor of ethics and economics at Boston College in August 1895.
President of Boston College
Construction of a new campus
Gasson was appointed President of Boston College on January 6, 1907, succeeding William F. Gannon. Just two months after their inauguration, they suggested to the Jesuit provincial superior that Boston College might inquire into purchasing a tract of land, including the farm of Amos Adams Lawrence, on Commonwealth Avenue near the Brighton neighborhood of Boston and relocate the school from the South End. In furtherance of this goal, they announced to alumni in May 1907 that they aimed to relocate the college and construct a new campus; this would require $10 million. On November 11, 1907, the Boston College board of trustees settled on a specific parcel of land in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, and voted to purchase it. This was quickly followed by purchases of adjacent lands.
On January 25, 1909, they convened a competition of architects to design new buildings for the site. The winning design called for 15 buildings in the English Gothic style and sports fields. Gasson broke ground on the centerpiece of the plan, the recitation building, on June 19, 1909. Construction of the building was slow and inhibited by lack of funds; as a result, Gasson sold a portion of the land previously purchased, to finance the building. The recitation building finally opened for class on March 28, 1913. That year, they purchased the bells to hang in the building's tower. The recitation building later came to be known as Gasson Hall. For their establishment of the college in its new location, Gasson became known as Boston College's "second founder."
Graduate curriculum
Several Catholic laypeople sought to establish a graduate night school in Catholic philosophy. In response, Gasson opened a graduate department in December 1912, which provided lectures on philosophy, literature, and professional ethics. The following year, it began granting master's degrees. This program was disestablished shortly after the end of their presidency in 1914. Gasson's term as president came to an end on January 11, 1914, and they were succeeded by Charles W. Lyons.
Later years
Following the end of their presidency, Gasson moved to the Jesuit retirement home in Woodstock, Maryland. Five months later, they were transferred to Georgetown University in Washington, D.C., where they worked various jobs, including serving as the graduate dean of sociology from 1914 to 1923. In the summer of 1920, they were sent to Rome to represent the Jesuit Maryland-New York Province at the provincial congregation. They then briefly returned to Georgetown before becoming the rector of the Manresa Institute, a Jesuit retreat house on Staten Island in New York City. One year later, they were transferred to Loyola College in Montreal, Quebec.
Gasson became ill and underwent surgery. They died on February 27, 1930. Upon their death, The Stylus of Boston College compiled eulogies of them by such people as the Mayor of Boston, John F. Fitzgerald; the President of Boston University, Lemuel Herbert Murlin; and The Boston Post.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
1859 births
1930 deaths
People from Sevenoaks
English emigrants to the United States
University of Innsbruck alumni
Presidents of Boston College
American Roman Catholic priests
Port Sultan Qaboos (previously known as Mina Qaboos) is the largest port in Muscat, Oman. Developed initially as a part of a plan for a "Greater Muttrah" by Qaboos bin Said al Said's predecessor, Said bin Taimur, the port's construction was completed in the 1970s. The port is operated and managed by Port Services Corporation S.A.O.G.
The Ministry of Transport and Communications announced that , the port would cease commercial operations, preceding its transformation into a cruise ship port. Cargo operations are shifting to Sohar Industrial Port in Sohar. The government has cited congested road traffic in Muscat as a reason for the move.
Port Sultan Qaboos is the home port of the Oman Royal Yacht Squadron.
See also
Old Muscat
References
External links
Port Sultan Qaboos on World Port Source website
1974 establishments in Oman
Geography of Muscat, Oman
Economy of Muscat, Oman
Transport in Muscat, Oman
Ports and harbours of Oman
Prey Kabbas District () is a district located in Takeo Province, in southern Cambodia. According to the 1998 census of Cambodia, it had a population of 85,880.
Administration
As of 2019, Prey Kabbas District has 13 communes, 110 villages.
References
Districts of Takéo province
James "Jim"/"Jimmy" J. Featherstone (25 February 1923 – 6 May 2014) was an English professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1940s and 1950s. They played at representative level for Great Britain, England and Lancashire, and at club level for Ince Rangers ARLFC (in Ince-in-Makerfield), Wigan (two spells), Warrington (Heritage No. 473), Belle Vue Rangers and Rochdale Hornets, as a , or , i.e. number 8 or 10, 11 or 12, or 13, during the era of contested scrums.
Background
Jim Featherstone's birth was registered in Wigan district, Lancashire, England, they worked as a coal miner, steam locomotive stoker (including for the Flying Scotsman), and they died aged 91 in Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.
Playing career
International honours
Jim Featherstone won caps for England while at Warrington in 1948 against France, in 1949 against Wales, France (2 matches), and Other Nationalities, in 1950 against Wales (2 matches), in 1952 against Wales, and won caps for Great Britain while at Warrington in 1948 against Australia, on the 1950 Great Britain Lions tour against New Zealand (2 matches), and in 1952 against Australia (3 matches).
Championship Final appearances
Jim Featherstone played left-, i.e. number 11, and scored a try in Wigan's 13–9 victory over Dewsbury in the Championship Final first-leg during the 1943–44 season at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 13 May 1944, played left- in the 12–5 victory over Dewsbury in the Championship Final second-leg during the 1943–44 season at Crown Flatt, Dewsbury on Saturday 20 May 1944. and played left- in Warrington's 15–5 victory over Bradford Northern in the Championship Final during the 1947–48 season at Maine Road, Manchester.
County Cup Final appearances
Jim Featherstone played left-, i.e. number 11, in Warrington's 8–14 defeat by Wigan in the 1948–49 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1948–49 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 13 November 1948, and played right-, i.e. number 10, in the 5–28 defeat by Wigan in the 1950–51 Lancashire County Cup Final during the 1949–50 season at Station Road, Swinton on Saturday 4 November 1950.
Club career
Jim Featherstone made their début for Wigan in the 19–11 victory over Hunslet at Parkside, Hunslet on Saturday 20 November 1943,
they scored their first try for Wigan in the 3–0 victory over Bradford Northern in the 1943–44 Challenge Cup Final 1st Leg at Central Park, Wigan on Thursday 15 April 1943, they scored their last try for Wigan (in their second spell) in the 29–2 victory over Swinton at Central Park, Wigan on Saturday 5 March 1955, they played their last match for Wigan (in their second spell) in the 6–13 defeat by Featherstone Rovers at Post Office Road, Featherstone on Saturday 17 September 1955, they made their début for Warrington on Saturday 5 January 1946, and they played their last match for Warrington on Saturday 21 February 1953.
Honoured at Warrington Wolves
Jim Featherstone is a Warrington Wolves Hall of Fame inductee.
Genealogical information
Jim Featherstone's marriage to Lillian M. (née Malley) was registered during third ¼ 1949 in Ince district. They had children; Ian J. Featherstone (birth registered during second ¼ in Ince district). Lillian M. Featherstone died , when Ian J. Featherstone was 5 years old. Jim Featherstone remarried, their marriage to Elizabeth (née Robinson) was registered during third ¼ 1957 in Ince district, they would be their wife for the next 56 years.
References
External links
Statistics at wolvesplayers.thisiswarrington.co.uk
1923 births
2014 deaths
Broughton Rangers players
England national rugby league team players
English rugby league players
Great Britain national rugby league team players
Lancashire rugby league team players
Rochdale Hornets players
Rugby league locks
Rugby league props
Rugby league second-rows
Rugby league players from Wigan
Warrington Wolves players
Wigan Warriors players
Cyrus William "C.W." Melson (July 9, 1929 – June 19, 1981) was a Republican member of the Arkansas House of Representatives from the unincorporated Ozone community in Johnson County in northwestern Arkansas. They served from 1977 until their death in the office.
Melson is interred at the Airy Memorial Cemetery in Ludwig in Johnson County, Arkansas.
References
1929 births
1981 deaths
Members of the Arkansas House of Representatives
American Christian clergy
20th-century Christian clergy
Assemblies of God people
Arkansas Republicans
People from Johnson County, Arkansas
20th-century American politicians
Burials in Arkansas
20th-century American clergy
Ravenous Plague is a sixth studio album by Dutch extreme metal band Legion of the Damned. It was released on 3 January 2014 through Napalm Records.
Track listing
Personnel
Legion of the Damned
Twan van Geel - guitars
Harold Gielen - bass
Maurice Swinkels - vocals
Erik Fleuren - drums
Guest musicians
Jo Blankenburg - Everything on "The Apocalyptic Surge"
Hein Willekens - Solo guitar on "Morbid Death"
Production
Wes Benscoter - cover art
Stefan Heilemann photography
Wouter Wagemans - artwork, design
Andy Classen - production, mixing
References
2014 albums
Legion of the Damned (band) albums
Napalm Records albums
Albums produced by Andy Classen
The United States national rugby sevens team had its best season to date in the Sevens World Series during the 2014–15 season under head coach Mike Friday. The U.S. finished sixth in the series.
The team capped off the season by going 6–0 to win the 2015 London Sevens, the first time the U.S. has won a World Series tournament.
2014–15 World Series
2015 London Sevens
The U.S. won the 2015 London Sevens, their first ever tournament win in the World Series. The U.S. defeated Australia 45-22 in the final, with Danny Barrett and Maka Unufe each scoring two tries. Danny Barrett and Madison Hughes were named to the tournament's seven-man Dream Team. Hughes scored seven tries throughout the tournament, tied for first in tries scored. Perry Baker scores six tries, tied for fourth overall.
2014–15 leading scorers
Tries
Carlin Isles (32)
Perry Baker (28)
Madison Hughes (24)
Zack Test (23)
Maka Unufe (22)
Danny Barrett (18)
Points
Madison Hughes (296)
Carlin Isles (160)
Perry Baker (140)
Zack Test (115)
Maka Unufe (110)
Updated: May 17, 2015
Olympic qualifying
Rugby returned to the Summer Olympics at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, where the United States attempted to defend its title. The U.S. defeated Canada 21–5 in the final of the 2015 NACRA Men's Sevens Championships to qualify for the 2016 Olympics.
Pool A
Semifinals
2015 Pan Am Games
Group A
Medal round
Quarterfinals
Semifinals
Bronze medal match
References
2014-15
United States
2014 in American rugby union
2015 in American rugby union
The 1968 Croydon Council election took place on 9 May 1968 to elect members of Croydon London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Conservative party gained overall control of the council. Turnout in this election was 36.2%.
Background
Election result
Ward results
Addiscombe
Bensham Manor
Broad Green
Central
Coulsdon East
East
New Addington
Norbury
Purley
Sanderstead & Selsdon
Sanderstead North
Shirley
South Norwood
Thornton Heath
Upper Norwood
Waddon
West Thornton
Whitehorse Manor
Woodcote & Coulsdon West
Woodside
References
1968
1968 London Borough council elections
The 1934 French Grand Prix (formally the XXVIII Grand Prix de l'Automobile Club de France) was a Grand Prix motor race held on 1 July 1934 at Montlhéry. The race comprised 40 laps of a 12.5 km circuit, for a total race distance of 500.0 km. This race was the first outside of Germany to see the Silver Arrows of Auto Union and Mercedes-Benz, which would go on to dominate Grand Prix racing until the start of World War II.
The race was won by Louis Chiron driving an Alfa Romeo. Chiron lead from the start, jumping the start to lead the first lap, but was quickly challenged by the Germans. Stuck, who made a poor start, was able to take the lead on lap 3, while down the field the Mercedes' and other Alfa Romeos and Auto Unions battled for the remaining places, while the Bugattis and Maseratis showed themselves to be totally outclassed. With Stuck's Auto Union slowing, Chiron retook the lead on lap 9. This they held to the end, as although they were pressured by the Mercedes of Fagioli and Caracciola, this ultimately came to nothing, as by the end of the race not a single German car was still running.
Starting grid
Classification
References
External links
French Grand Prix
French Grand Prix
Grand Prix
Marion, and surrounding Grant County, Indiana have erected a series of statues around the area depicting the comic strip character Garfield. The brainchild of local leader Pete Beck (a county councilman at the time), the basic idea is to place a likeness of Garfield in each community in the county. It is hoped that as the project matures Garfield fans will travel to Grant County and make a circuit to see all of the statues. The statues are made of hollow fiberglass after private fundraising provides for the construction at each location. Indiana native and creator of Garfield, Jim Davis has donated the artwork to create the statues royalty free.
Locations
First Fairmount, "James Dean Garfield" was unveiled in July 2006.  They are dressed in "cool" attire, sporting an open-button collar and denim jeans, placed outside the Fairmount Historical Museum. In tribute to Van Buren, dubbed "the Popcorn Capital of the World", "Popcorn Eating Garfield" was unveiled during the August, 2006 Popcorn Festival. Garfield is dressed in the athletic uniform of the now-defunct Van Buren High School "Aces." In Sweetser, "College-bound Garfield" was unveiled in October 2006; the statue is located along the popular Sweetser Switch Trail after money was raised by the Sweetser Lions Club. This one is in place in front of the train. The statue was vandalized when its lower left arm was cut off, but was repaired by summer 2007.
Marion's first statue, "Health and Fitness Garfield" is dressed in running attire sporting the colors of Marion High School and carries a water bottle. It was placed downtown along the Mississinewa River, at the start of the popular River Walk leading to Matter Park, in July 2006. This one was damaged when a man hugged Garfield too tightly and the head came off. The head was discovered at the Mississinewa Reservoir, and eventually restored to its body. City officials rededicated the repaired statue during Oktoberfest celebrations in 2009. It is now located at Matters Park. Marion's second statue is Marion General Hospital's "Doctor Garfield" unveiled on May 11, 2007.  They are wearing surgical scrubs, holding a stethoscope and resting one foot on a first aid kit. Hospital staff members raised the money for this statue.
The town of Swayzee erected a Garfield statue in June, 2008. "Speedkings Garfield" is dressed ready to hit the courts with the former Swayze High School basketball team. Their jersey number 9 represents the number of overtime periods played in the record setting basketball game against Liberty Center in 1964. Garfield stands on Washington Street, near Alumni Park and Swayze Elementary School. The town of Matthews set up "Fisherman Garfield", paying homage to the local river and bridges. The town's statue is placed near the Cumberland Covered Bridge. Plans were to place the statue in August, 2008 and it is now installed (summer 2009).
Fundraising in the town of Jonesboro has produced "Firefighter Garfield", commemorating that Joneboro was the home of the first organized fire department in the county. Town officials hoped to place this statue in Fall, 2009 at 6 W Sixth Street, in front of the fire department. The town of Upland is erecting "Ice Cream Lover Garfield", to be placed near Ivanhoe's Restaurant, 979 S Main Street. The statue, delayed by production problems, has been built and was displayed in the 2009 63rd annual Labor Day parade. It was planned for installation in September, 2009.
Gas City installed "Gas Worker Garfield" complete with a replica of a gas derrick, reminiscent of the natural gas boom at the turn of the 19th Century which made the city . After being in its temporary location inside the Gas City library for more than a year in May 2011 the statue was placed on its permanent mounting in front of the library, at the corner of First and Main Streets. Outside Payne's, a local restaurant in Gas City that serves British cuisine, there is statue of Garfield dressed up as a British redcoat.
Muncie, Indiana has several Garfield statues throughout the city, including many on and around the campus of Ball State University. Davis lived in Muncie and graduated from Ball State.
Although not an official part of the project, in a similar vein Arbor Trace Golf Club commissioned a local chainsaw artist to carve a wooden Garfield statue which has been placed in the clubhouse. "Golfer Garfield" is dressed as a duffer leaning on their driver.
References
External links
Map of the Garfield statues trail
Web site of the Marion-Grant County Convention & Visitors Bureau
Official web site of county government
Official Garfield website
Garfield
Buildings and structures in Grant County, Indiana
Tourist attractions in Grant County, Indiana
Outdoor sculptures in Indiana
Fiberglass sculptures
2006 sculptures
Statues of fictional characters
Cats in art
Vandalized works of art in Indiana
The Dinsmoor–Hale House is a historic house at the southwest corner of Main and Winchester Streets in Keene, New Hampshire. It was built in 1860 for Samuel Dinsmoor, Jr., a lawyer and former Governor of New Hampshire, and was later owned by Governor Samuel W. Hale, who made lavish alterations to its interior. It was acquired by what is now Keene State College in 1909. It now houses the office of the college president. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
Description and history
The Dinsmoor–Hale House is located south of downtown Keene, at the southwest corner of Main and Winchester Streets on the campus of Keene State College. It is a three-story brick building, roughly square in plan, with a stuccoed exterior and a low-pitch hip roof. There is a slight projection on the south facade, where there is a stairwell, and on the main facade, where a semicircular bay rises the full three stories and is capped by a low rounded roof. The center entry is recessed from the main facade, with a recessed porch above, which is capped by a small gable.
The house was built in 1860 for Samuel Dinsmoor Jr., a prominent local lawyer and bank president who served three terms as Governor of New Hampshire in the 1850s. To design the house, Dinsmoor hired Elbridge Boyden, a noted Worcester architect. The house was reported at the time of its construction to be one of the finest in Cheshire County. Samuel W. Hale, a subsequent owner, gave the house grounds and interior a lavish upgrade, and also served as Governor in the 1880s. The house was given to the city in 1909, which in turn gave it to the state for use as part of a normal school, now Keene State College.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Italianate architecture in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1860
Houses in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Buildings and structures in Keene, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
Keene State College
Omakere () is a farming settlement in the Central Hawke's Bay District and Hawke's Bay Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is located east of Waipawa.
Ōmakere translates as place (Ō) someone was lost or died (makere).
The Omakere Church includes a stained glass memorial wall, depicting Jesus Christ's crucifixion, in memory of three local men who died in war.
The Omakere and neighbouring Elsthorpe rugby union teams were featured in a New Zealand television advertisement for coverage of the 2019 Rugby World Cup.
Demographics
The statistical area of Mangarara, which at 838 square kilometres is much larger than this settlement, had a population of 2,400 at the 2018 New Zealand census, an increase of 324 people (15.6%) since the 2013 census, and an increase of 399 people (19.9%) since the 2006 census. There were 900 households. There were 1,200 males and 1,200 females, giving a sex ratio of 1.0 males per female. The median age was 44.6 years (compared with 37.4 years nationally), with 513 people (21.4%) aged under 15 years, 282 (11.8%) aged 15 to 29, 1,197 (49.9%) aged 30 to 64, and 411 (17.1%) aged 65 or older.
Ethnicities were 85.6% European/Pākehā, 20.9% Māori, 1.9% Pacific peoples, 1.0% Asian, and 2.2% other ethnicities (totals add to more than 100% since people could identify with multiple ethnicities).
The proportion of people born overseas was 12.4%, compared with 27.1% nationally.
Although some people objected to giving their religion, 53.5% had no religion, 36.0% were Christian, 0.2% were Hindu, 0.1% were Muslim and 2.6% had other religions.
Of those at least 15 years old, 294 (15.6%) people had a bachelor or higher degree, and 423 (22.4%) people had no formal qualifications. The median income was $32,900, compared with $31,800 nationally. The employment status of those at least 15 was that 1,023 (54.2%) people were employed full-time, 291 (15.4%) were part-time, and 48 (2.5%) were unemployed.
Education
Omakere School is a Year 1-8 co-educational state primary school. It is a decile 8 school with a roll of as of
References
Central Hawke's Bay District
Populated places in the Hawke's Bay Region
Bhadon is a village and Gram Panchayat located in Martinganj tehsil of the Azamgarh District in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, near the border with Jaunpur District. It is north-east of the district headquarters in Azamgarh and from the state capital of Lucknow.
Bhadon is known for its mangoes, which are exported to many villages. Mihrawan Railway station is the nearest railway station to the village.
Demographics
According to the 2011 census, Bhadon has a total population of 6,843 people (3,447 men and 3,396 women) living in about 882 houses. Most of the population is either Hindu (51%) or Muslim (49%).
In 2011, there were 1,095 children aged 0–6, making up 16% of the total population. The average sex ratio was 985 which is higher than the Uttar Pradesh state average of 912. The child sex ratio for Bhadon as per census is 885, lower than the state average of 902.
Bhadon village has a high literacy rate compared to the rest of Uttar Pradesh. In 2011, the literacy rate of Bhadon was 68.98% compared to 67.68% of Uttar Pradesh. In Bhadon, the male literacy rate was 77.15% while the female literacy rate was 60.86%.
The official languages of Bhadon are Hindi and Urdu, which are spoken by the majority of the population, although Hindi is the most used for everyday communication.
Geography
Bhadon has an average elevation of and a total area of . The closest town is Jaunpur, approximately away. The latitude 25.90 N and longitude 82.77 E.
Festivals and Events
Bhadon is famous for Hindu festivals like Navratri, Vijayadashami mela, Ram Leela, Diwali, Raksha Bandhan, Basant Panchami, and Holi. Public processions are organised to celebrate the festivals. The primary Muslim festivals celebrated annually in the village are the ld-ul-fitr' (Ramzan), Bakrid, Mid-Sha'ban, Bara Wafat and Muharram.
Education
There are many schools and Islamic Madrasas in Bhadon. The educational institutions are the main attraction for students from nearby cities such as Martinganj, Jamuhai and Purvanchal. Many of the schools are associated with Veer Bahadur Singh Purvanchal University, Jaunpur.
Education in Bhadon
Bhadon Primary School
Islamia Madarsa
S.Rai Primary School (Mahuja-Newada)
Martinganj Inter College
Shramjivi Balika Inter College
Sports
Cricket and Kabaddi is a popular sport in Bhadon.
Temples
Hanuman temple, Ram Janki temple, and Shiv temple are revered.
Agriculture
Agriculture is the main profession. The main crops are rice, maize, pigeon pea, pearl millet, blackgram wheat, onions, potato and chickpeas.
Administration and politics
As per the Constitution of India and Panchyati Raaj Act, Bhadon village is administrated by a Sarpanch (head of the village) who is the elected representative of the village.
In the 2014 general election, Neelam Sonkar of BJP became the Member of Parliament from the Lalganj constituency. In the 2017 Uttar Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, Sukhdev Rajbhar of BSP became the Member of Legislative Assembly from Didarganj (Assembly constituency). SP, BSP, and BJP are the major political parties in this area.
Communication and media
Local media
Major English, Hindi and Urdu dailies including The Times of India, Hindustan Times, The Hindu, Dainik Jagran, Amar Ujala, Hindustan and Patrika are available in Azamgarh. Almost all big Hindi TV news channels have stringers in the village.
Communication networks
All prominent telecommunication network providers in India offer their services in Bhadon.
Radio services
All radio services available in Bhadon.
Voice Of Azamgarh Big FM community radio.
Air Vivid Bharti 102.2 MHz which broadcasts from Mau District & Covers Azamgarh city too.
See also
Martinganj
Phulpur
Azamgarh
References
External links
Villages in Azamgarh district
The 3rd Army Division () (2nd Formation) was created in May 1969 from Beijing and Shenyang Military Region and soon sent to Ili, Xinjiang under the direct control of Xinjiang Military Region. The division was then composed of:
7th Infantry Regiment;
8th Infantry Regiment;
9th Infantry Regiment;
313th Artillery Regiment.
In December 1969 the division was renamed as 7th Army Division, while former 7th Army Division renamed as new 3rd Army Division.
The re-formation and re-designation of several army divisions in Xinjiang showed apparent evidence that there might be plans to re-activate 2nd Army Corps and 3rd Army Corps, even 4th Army Corps of the PLA. For unknown reasons these corps were not formed at last.
By then the division was composed of:
19th Infantry Regiment (former 7th);
20th Infantry Regiment (former 8th);
21st Infantry Regiment (former 9th);
Artillery Regiment (former 313th).
In 1985 the division was renamed as 7th Infantry Division (), becoming a Northern Infantry Division, Catalogue B unit.
In 1996 the division was transferred to the People's Armed Police and renamed as 7th Armed Police Division ().
The Artillery Regiment, 7th Infantry Division was re-organized and renamed as 706th Regiment, 7th Armed Police Division. All artillery battalions in infantry regiments were also re-organized as the 4th mobile battalion of the regiments. Now the division is composed of:
19th Armed Police Regiment ();
20th Armed Police Regiment ();
21st Armed Police Regiment ();
706th Armed Police Regiment ().
The division is stationed in Ili, Xinjiang for anti-terrorist and anti-separatist missions.
After the 2017 reform, the division was the only remained Armed Police Mobile Division.
References
中国人民解放军各步兵师沿革，http://blog.sina.com.cn/s/blog_a3f74a990101cp1q.html
Units and formations of the People's Armed Police
Military units and formations established in 1969
Military units and formations disestablished in 2017
Yu-5 or Yu 5 may refer to:
Yu-5 torpedo, a Chinese torpedo
, an Imperial Japanese Army transport submarine of World War II
DxOMark, currently stylized as DXOMARK, is a commercial website described as "an independent benchmark that scientifically assesses smartphones, lenses and cameras". Founded in 2008, DxOMark was originally owned by DxO Labs, a French engineering and consulting company, which is headquartered in Boulogne-Billancourt, Paris, France. DxOMark Image Labs was separated from DxO Labs in September 2017, and was later re-branded to DxOMark in 2019. DxOMark is now a wholly independent privately-owned company.
DxOMark scores are used in many independent news publications and specialist media sites, including: The Washington Post, The New York Times, Die Zeit, Le Monde, Les Numeriques, NDTV, India Today, The Indian Express, China Daily, Forbes, Wired, ZDNet, Extreme Tech, Tech Crunch, TechRadar, CNET, PC World, Gizmodo, Engadget, Digital Trends, The Next Web, The Verge, GSM Arena, Android Authority, Mac Rumors, Digital Photography Review, Shutterbug, Imaging Resource, Trusted Reviews, T3, XDA-Developers, First Post, Xataka, VANDAL, 3D JUEGOS, PetaPixel, Tom's Guide, BGR, Sina, and Sohu.
DxOMark rating systems
The score(s) awarded by DxOMark are based upon a comprehensive and highly-documented, but commercially secret methodology. An overall 'headline' (v) score is awarded, but that is based upon an aggregated overview of a number of other very specific and detailed test attributes, although the actual weighting of those individual attributes is unknown. DxOMark themselves stress that "the overall score is not a weighted sum of the sub-scores. It is a proprietary and confidential mapping of sub-scores into a combined score". DxOMark also highlight that they consult directly with the equipment manufacturers, with the objective of helping them make better cameras.
In respect of specific score figures, it is not clear what headroom or ceiling level is available to the DxOMark scoring system. Some early high performers might have suggested an upper limit of 100 points, yet later high performers are awarded scores in excess of 100. It is also important to note that the DxOMark score is not based on any averages.
Camera sensor rating
The DxOMark Sensor Score measures several important image quality metrics of the RAW image captured by the camera's sensor. The overall score is a confidential combination of three sub-scores:
Colour depth, measured in bits, called a Portrait score;
Dynamic range, measured in stops of dynamic range, called a Landscape score;
Low-light performance, measured in an ISO equivalent, called a Sports score.
Another metric, the Perceptual MegaPixel (P-MPix), defined as 'the unit of a sharpness measurement', is used to rate the resolution a camera produces when paired to a particular lens. DxOMark claims that P-MPix is a more accurate and relevant value for photographers to consider than alternate measures of sharpness when evaluating camera and lens image quality. As of December 2015, the Canon EF 300mm f/2.8L IS II USM lens mounted on a Canon EOS 5DS R has the highest measured P-MPix (45 P-MPix), followed by the Carl Zeiss APO Sonnar T* 2/135 ZE (41 P-MPix on Canon EOS 5DS R and 36 P-MPix on Nikon D800E).
Camera lens rating
The DxOMark Lens Score provides ratings for camera lenses, as tested using its proprietary tool-set in combination with various camera models. As with the DxOMark Sensor Score, the DxOMark Lens Score is an aggregation of five separate sub-scores; namely: sharpness, distortion, vignetting, transmission, and chromatic aberration.
Smartphone camera rating
As smartphones began to overtake point-and-shoot cameras, DxOMark began testing smartphones and other mobile devices in 2011, and introduced DxOMark Mobile in 2012. A major update was made in September 2017, adding tests designed to stress the capabilities of current-model smartphones, including those with dual lenses; such as lower-light shooting, telephoto zoom, depth effect, and bokeh. In September 2019, the DxOMark Mobile score was renamed DxOMark Camera.
DxOMark Camera Overall Score is the headline number reported for each tested device, and consists of a proprietary combination of DxOMark Camera Photo, and DxOMark Camera Video category scores.
DxOMark's Camera Photo score is a proprietary combination of nine category sub-scores:
Exposure and contrast
Colour
Auto-focus
Texture
Noise
Artifacts
Night (enhanced from Flash, September 2019)
Zoom
Bokeh
Wide (added September 2019)
Preview (added October 2020)
DxOMark's Camera Video score includes six of the same sub-scores as DxOMark's Mobile Photo score (Exposure, Colour, Auto-focus, Texture, Noise, and Artifacts), along with Stabilisation.
DxOMark's tests are conducted by the company's technical staff under a variety of lighting conditions; ranging from low-light 1 Lux, to bright daylight outdoors. Sub-scores are combined using a proprietary and confidential mapping into an overall score. Tests are also confined to default modes, except for Zoom and Bokeh, which has caused reviewers to be cautious when using them.
Selfie-camera rating
On 22 January 2019, DxOMark started to release the results of a new metric; testing the front-facing 'selfie' cameras on smartphones. These new standalone DxOMark Selfie tests are undertaken for both Photo and Video, though the 'headline' DxOMark Selfie score will combine both. For DxOMark Selfie Photo, there are sub-scores for Exposure, Colour, Focus, Texture, Noise, Artifacts, Flash, and Bokeh. For DxOMark Selfie Video, sub-scores include Exposure, Colour, Focus, Texture, Noise, Artifacts, and Stabilisation.
Smartphone audio rating
On 10 October 2019, DxOMark introduced a new Audio benchmark for smartphones. Phones are tested for playback using their internal speakers, and for recording using their built-in microphones. DxOMark Audio tested categories include:
Timbre (frequency response, treble/mid-range/bass, total balance, volume dependency)
Dynamics (attack, bass precision, punch, volume dependency)
Spatial (wideness, balance, distance, localisation)
Volume (maximum, minimum, user volume consistency)
Artifacts (noise, pumping, clipping, user artifacts, other artifacts)
For recording only:
Background (directivity, noise profile, artifacts)
Smartphone display ratings
In October 2020, DxOMark introduced a rating system for mobile device displays (screens). DxOMark Display tests over 400 measurements, and more than 20 hours of laboratory evaluations and real-life scenarios. The result includes six sub-scores: Readability, Colour, Video, Motion, Touch, and Artifacts.
Wireless speaker ratings
In November 2020, DxOMark introduced a rating system, DxOMark Sound, for wireless speakers, based on factors including both lab tests using sound-level meters and calibrated microphones, as well as 20 hours of perceptual assessment. Customised music clips, created by DxOMark in collaboration with professional musicians and recording studios, include those in the styles of jazz, hip-hop, classical, pop, rock, Latin, electronic, and alternative genres.
Battery ratings
DXOMARK started smartphone battery testing on 10 May 2021. DXOMARK's battery test protocol is based on 70 measurements and takes 150 hours to test.
Comparison tool
Users of the DxOMark website can select several devices of the same class, and have the website display a comparison of their test scores and graphical versions of the actual test data.
Analyzer
Analyzer is a suite of software tools published by DxOMark, that includes test targets and test equipment. It is used by camera companies, as well as press publications and websites; to test sensors, lenses, and standalone cameras, as well as mobile devices with cameras. Testing can be performed on both RAW and JPEG images, as well as video. Analyzer is also the analysis engine behind DxOMark.com Results can be displayed either numerically or graphically. Originally introduced by DxO Labs, Analyzer is now a product of DxOMark, which has been separated from DxO.
Analyzer includes modules for testing optics, sensors, stabilisation, video, timing, and 3D features.
Usage in industry
DxOMark ratings are often used by the press to describe the image quality characteristics of their cameras and mobile devices. High DxOMark Camera ratings have also been featured as hallmarks of quality in vendor announcements and marketing materials, although reviewers are careful to note that the ratings only reflect image quality. DxOMark also provides consulting services to hardware manufacturers, related to image quality.
See also
Comparison of smartphones
References
Citations
Further reading
External links
www.DxOMark.com — official website
DxOMark press releases — at www.DxOMark.com
Analyzer website — at DxOMark.com corporate site
DxOMark Image Labs SAS — at DxOMark.com corporate site
Product testing
Metrics
French photography websites
Software companies of France
Privately held companies of France
Photography companies of France
Benchmarks (computing)
Wang Wen-hsing () was born in Fuzhou, Fujian, in 1939 and grew up in Taiwan. They obtained a BA in Foreign Languages and Literatures from National Taiwan University and an MFA in Creative Writing from the Iowa Writers' Workshop. They returned to NTU's Department of Foreign Languages and Literatures to teach, retiring in 2005 at the rank of Professor.
Their first novel, Family Catastrophe (), was published in 1972, a story about a runaway father and a son who takes over the household in their stead. They have also published a novel entitled Backed Against the Sea () as well as several collections of short stories.
Bibliography of English translations
Books
Novels
Family Catastrophe: A Modernist Novel. Tr. Susan Wan Dolling. Honolulu: Hawaii University Press, 2011.
Backed Against the Sea. Trs. Ed. Gunn. Ithaca: Cornell East Asia Series, 1993.
Collections
Endless War: Fiction and Essays by Wang Wen-hsing. Eds. Shu-ning Sciban and Fred Edwards. Ithaca: Cornell East Asia Program, 2011.
Uncollected short works
"The Man in Black." Tr. Shen Li-fen. In Chi Pang-yuan et al., eds., An Anthology of Contemporary Chinese Literature. Taipei: National Institute for Compilation and Translation, 1975, II, 309–318.
"Flaw." Tr. Ch'en Chu-yün. In Joseph S. M. Lau and Timothy A. Ross, eds., Chinese Stories from Taiwan: 1960–1970. New York: Columbia University Press, 1976.
"Such a Symphony of Written Characters One Must Not Allow dispersing." Tr. Helmut Martin. In Martin, ed., Modern Chinese Writers: Self-portrayals. Armonk, NY: M.E. Sharpe, 1992, 194–95.
Notes and references
External links
Regularly maintained bibliography of translated works by Wang Wenxing at the MCLC translation database
Wang Wenhsing Website constructed by National Chung-hsing University, Taiwan.
National Taiwan University alumni
Taiwanese male novelists
Chinese male novelists
Living people
Writers from Fuzhou
University of Iowa alumni
National Taiwan University faculty
Educators from Fujian
Taiwanese people from Fujian
Chinese male short story writers
Taiwanese male short story writers
20th-century Taiwanese short story writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Republic of China short story writers
Short story writers from Fujian
Ronald Howard Lewis (16 July 1909 – 18 June 1990) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom.
Lewis studied at Cliff Methodist College and became a Methodist local preacher. They served in the Middle East with the Royal Army Service Corps during World War II. They worked in the shops section of British Railways and served as a councillor on Derbyshire County Council from 1949 and on Blackwell Rural District Council from 1950.
Lewis contested Rugby in 1945, Crosby in 1950, West Derbyshire in 1951, Northamptonshire South in 1955 and Darlington in 1959. They were Member of Parliament for Carlisle from 1964 until they retired in 1987. In 1983, Carlisle was the most marginal Labour seat in the country - with Lewis finishing just 71 votes ahead of the Conservative candidate.
Their successor was Eric Martlew.
References
The Times Guide to the House of Commons, Times Newspapers Ltd, 1950, 1955, 1966 & 1983
External links
1909 births
1990 deaths
Labour Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
National Union of Railwaymen-sponsored MPs
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Carlisle
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
Councillors in Derbyshire
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Army Service Corps soldiers
Wu Ho-ching (; ; born 30 August 1991 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong-based tennis player.
Career
On 2 March 2020, they reached their best singles ranking of world number 536. On 8 August 2022, they peaked at world number 701 in the doubles rankings.
Wu made their WTA tour debut at the 2014 Hong Kong Tennis Open, having received a wildcard with Venise Chan in the doubles tournament, but lost to Karolína and Kristýna Plíšková in the first round.
Playing for Hong Kong at the Fed Cup, Wu has a win–loss record of 20–16 and has played in 33 ties, being the second most Hong Kong Player behind Zhang Ling.
ITF Circuit Finals
Singles: 3 (2 titles)
Doubles: 3 (1 title, 2 runners-up)
Fed Cup participation
Singles
Doubles
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
Hong Kong female tennis players
Tennis players at the 2014 Asian Games
Tennis players at the 2018 Asian Games
Asian Games competitors for Hong Kong
Brazhkivka (; ) is a village in Izium Raion (district) in Kharkiv Oblast of eastern Ukraine, at about SSE from the centre of Kharkiv city. It belongs to Oskil rural hromada, one of the hromadas of Ukraine.
The village came under attack by Russian forces in June 2022, during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
References
Villages in Izium Raion
Huntington is home to eleven parks located in the neighborhoods of Huntington. An amusement park is also adjacent to the city.
Walking/Biking trails
The 18-mile network of recreational trails, popularly known as the PATH, has been in development since 2007.
Greater Huntington Park & Recreation District
Altizer Park
Located in the Altizer area of Huntington at the easternmost end of Altizer Avenue.
It has a baseball field adjacent to it. It also features a trampoline and an orange rocket ship for children to play on.
Camp Mad Anthony Wayne
Camp Mad Anthony Wayne is located on Spring Valley Drive. Named for "Mad" Anthony Wayne, who was a frontier army general, it contains vast open grounds, swings and sliding boards, hiking trails, a disc golf course, numerous picnic tables, an open campfire circle, and a lodge. The facility sleeps 28 and contains a bathroom and shower facilities. It is hosted to two large wood-fired fireplaces.
Part of the park was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002. The eight historic buildings are the camp lodge building (1931), four nearly identical gable roofed, stone, rustic vernacular cottages dated to 1942; a gable-roofed, stone, rustic vernacular caretaker's house and two associated outbuildings, dated to 1944. The camp lodge building is a gable-roofed, brick, rustic vernacular building.
Harris Riverfront Park
After years of sluggish usage from the general public of Huntington and the Tri-State area, Harris Riverfront Park has seen a renewed interest in recent years from local citizens, city government, media and local businesses. The public land continues to host a number of concert and music events, recently re-introduced a free open-air movie showing, and has been included in citywide construction of additional surveillance cameras which will provide free public-access wireless internet connections.
The park is situated between the city flood wall and the Ohio River, and is noted for its scenic riverview and grassy recreational area.
Harveytown Park
Harveytown Park is one of the newest parks in the Harveytown district. It features currently six picnic tables, one of which is handicap accessible, an electrical outlet, a grill, water fountain, and restrooms.
Construction on Phase I of the new park began on October 28, 2003. The financing and coordination was a joint effort between the city of Huntington, HUD CDBG funds, and the Greater Huntington Park and Recreation District. During Phase I, the initial park site was cleared and prepared, underground utilities were installed, a main entrance and parking lot was constructed, and the picnic shelter was installed. The shelter was unique in that it was both aesthetically pleasing and functional.
Possible expansion plans include a skateboard facility, bicycle trails and tennis courts.
McClelland Park
McClelland Park is located along the Ohio River near St. Mary's Hospital. It is named after James L. McClelland, the Greater Huntington Park and Recreation District director. It features two tennis courts, a basketball court, and a picnic shelter. It was formerly named the 27th Street Park, named for the street it lies on.
Memorial Park
Memorial Park is located at 1301 Memorial Boulevard. It contains The Memorial Arch, a section of the PATH walking trail, a playground, and a picnic shelter. It formerly included a large swimming pool that featured two slides, but was abandoned and demolished in 2006. The two-mile walking trail merges with the one-mile trail around the main Ritter Park at 8th Street & North Blvd.
RPA Park
RPA Park is located on Spring Valley Drive on the west end of the city. It features a basketball court and a children's playground. It is home to the annual "Valley Ball 3-on-3 Tournament."
Ritter Park
Ritter Park is located in Huntington, West Virginia. It is a public park maintained by the Greater Huntington Park and Recreation District. It was created in 1913 by Rufus Switzer, a city council member of West Virginia. It consists of numerous lengthy walking trails along Four Pole Creek, restroom facilities, picnic tables, shelter with grills and electrical outlets, a children's playground, amphitheater that can be used for small concerts and plays, and an award-winning Rose Garden. The park was officially opened in September 1913. Architect Gus Wofford was hired by the city to design the park and its amenities. Their works continued till the 1930s and includes bridges that cross streams, tennis courts, greenhouse, and picnic facilities. It is located in the Ritter Park Historic District, listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1990.
Ritter Park is one of the 2012 Great Places of America listed by American Planning Association (APA). Every year APA selects great places having true sense of place, culture and historic interest, community involvement, and a vision for tomorrow. The list of “APA Great Places” is a very useful and informative source for local residents and tourists who are looking for an enjoyable public place. Ritter Park is one of the busiest places in Huntington, but still maintaining its peaceful and serene environment.
The award-winning Rose Garden and the playground are the most popular amenities of the Ritter Park that attracts tourists. The internationally known Rose Garden, including the "Room with a View" is popular for weddings and special occasions. The Rose Garden has more than 3,500 rose plants. The garden bordered by stone walls is designed to place benches for the events. In addition to the weddings, the annual Rose Show and the Summer Nature Programs are presented here. Each year the roses are tested and provided by the American Rose Society.
The playground in the park has been rated sixth best nationally by “Child Magazine.” The structures in the playground are designed to look naturalistic and include climbing boulders, dinosaur sand pit, swings, and slides. The playground is situated on the site of the former Lake Chaposcane The park also provides a non-motorized roadway for bicyclists, skaters, strollers, walkers, wheelchairs and joggers. The amphitheater, accommodates approximately 1,500 people, is popular for events, shows, musical concerts, summer programs, dramas, reunions, and weddings.
It is also the location of the Ritter Park Tennis Facility. This facility is open to the public and has eleven outdoor tennis courts and four indoor courts. The Ritter Park Tennis Center is host to many tournaments including: Huntington Area Qualifier, Ohio Valley Boys 16 & Under Championships, Ohio Valley Boys 12 & Under Indoor Championships and WV Open Indoor Championships. The facility also offers a wide range of instructional programs for the beginner to advanced player. Ritter park is also where the great Jeff Morrsion played their junior tennis before becoming a professional tennis player.
Some of the special events that have occurred in Ritter Park are:
• Annual Ritter Park Easter Egg Hunt held since 1935.
• Residents bring their dogs for pledge walk, Walk and Wag 5K, in May.
• Graffiti in the Park Car Show in June showcases hundreds of antique automobiles.
• Huntington Art and Music Festival held in August.
• Numerous tennis tournaments including West Virginia Open Indoor event in December.
Rotary Park
Rotary Park offers two disc golf courses.
St. Cloud Commons
Veteran's Memorial Park
Westmoreland Park
Amusement parks
Camden Park
Huntington is also home to Camden Park, the state's only remaining amusement park. Marshall Cox is the current owner/manager of the property. It features numerous children attractions and The Big Dipper, its primary roller-coaster. Camden Park is located just west of the Westmoreland neighborhood in Wayne County along US 60.
Stadiums
St. Cloud Commons
St. Cloud Commons is a stadium in Huntington. It is primarily used for baseball and was the home of Huntington Cubs. The ballpark has a capacity of 3,100 people and opened in the early 20th century. The Huntington Cubs first season was 1990. The field was upgraded to a point for the Huntington Cubs but the lack of commitment from the city of Huntington and the local park board pushed the Chicago Cubs organization to move the team elsewhere. The field is now used by the Greater Huntington Park and Recreation District for their recreational adult softball league. The field was and still is notable for being affected by flooding. There is a drainage basin that runs along the southern border of the entire St. Cloud Commons park area.
References
External links
Greater Huntington Park and Recreation District official site
https://visithuntingtonwv.org/things-to-do/explore/recreation/
Great Places in America, American Planning Association
Urban public parks
Sports venues in West Virginia
Minor league baseball venues
Huntington, West Virginia
Protected areas of Cabell County, West Virginia
Tourist attractions in Cabell County, West Virginia
Galor or Gal-Or () is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Oded Galor (born 1953), Israeli-American economist and academic
Amir Gal-Or (born 1962), Israeli entrepreneur
Katharina Galor (born 1966), German-born Israeli archaeologist
Raz Gal-Or (born 1994), Israeli businessperson active in China, son of Amir Gal-Or
Min Áigi (Our Time in Northern Sami) was a twice-weekly Northern Sámi language newspaper based in Kárášjohka, Norway. In 2008, Min Áigi ceased publication to merge with the rival paper Áššu to form Ávvir.
History
Min Áigi was founded as a continuation of the influential Sámi newspaper Sámi Áigi, which went bankrupt in March 1993. The first issue of Min Áigi was published two months later on 22 May 1993.
Although the newspaper's editorial staff and most of its subscribers were from Norway, Min Áigi was intended to be a newspaper for Sámi people throughout the Nordic countries. Finnmark Dagblad in Hammerfest was the main stakeholder in the newspaper through the company Min Áigi OS. Other stakeholders include Kárášjoga gielda, the Norgga Sámiid Riikasearvi, the Samiid Ædnansær'vi / Samenes Landsforbund and the publisher Davvi Girji. The editor-in-chief was Svein Nordsletta.
Min Áigi also published a children's magazine called Leavedolgi.
Min Áigi maintained local offices in Deatnu Tana, Guovdageaidnu, and Johkamohkki. Its marketing department was based in Leavdnja.
Merger
On 27 August 2007, Min Áigi and its rival Áššu announced plans to merge to create a Northern Sámi-language daily newspaper, Ávvir. A week after Min Áigi published its final issue, Ávvir launched on 6 February 2008, the Sami National Day. Min Áigi chairperson Magne Svineng stated that due to higher production costs, mergering Áššu and Min Áigi was the only way to meet the need for a daily Sámi-language newspaper with wide distribution. Ávvir maintained editorial bureaus in Kárášjohka and Guovdageaidnu, the respective headquarters of Min Áigi and Áššu.
Circulation
See also
Áššu
Ávvir
Notes
External links
Min Áigi (Davvisápmi)
Northern Sámi-language newspapers
Amedia
Publications established in 1993
Sámi in Norway
1993 establishments in Norway
Sámi newspapers
Reena Ninan (born April 18, 1979) is an American television journalist, most recently working for CBS News, based in New York City.
Career
Ninan anchored CBSN, and was the anchor from 2016-2020, of the Saturday edition of the CBS Weekend News until being replaced by Adriana Diaz. They also reported for CBS This Morning, CBS Evening News and other CBS broadcasts. They started their career as a producer at the Washington Post. From 2004 to 2012 they reported for Fox News Channel, becoming Fox News' Middle East Correspondent in 2007 until they left the network in 2012. They have reported from throughout the world, including Libya, Indonesia, India, Israel, Lebanon, Jordan, Egypt, and Iraq during the Iraq War. In July 2011, they were named one of Glamour magazine's "Women on the Front Lines." Ninan began working at ABC News in 2012 in the Washington bureau, where they covered the White House and the State Department. They later moved to New York, reporting for Good Morning America and continuing to travel abroad as a foreign correspondent.
In April 2015, Ninan was named co-anchor of ABC's early morning shows World News Now and America This Morning, alongside T. J. Holmes. They were hired by CBS in 2016 and worked for them until partially through 2020.
Personal life
Ninan is married to author and former Newsweek reporter Kevin Peraino and has two children.
See also
New Yorkers in journalism
References
1979 births
American expatriates in Israel
American writers of Indian descent
American television reporters and correspondents
Fox News people
George Washington University School of Media and Public Affairs alumni
Living people
People from Tampa, Florida
American women television journalists
CBS News people
Vivek Shripad Borkar (born 1954) is an Indian electrical engineer, mathematician and an Institute chair professor at the Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai.  They are known for introducing analytical paradigm in stochastic optimal control processes and is an elected fellow of all the three major Indian science academies viz. the Indian Academy of Sciences, Indian National Science Academy and the National Academy of Sciences, India. They also hold elected fellowships of The World Academy of Sciences, Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Indian National Academy of Engineering and the American Mathematical Society. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, the apex agency of the Government of India for scientific research, awarded them the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize for Science and Technology, one of the highest Indian science awards for their contributions to Engineering Sciences in 1992. They received the TWAS Prize of the World Academy of Sciences in 2009.
Biography
Vivek S. Borkar, born on 19 September 1954 in the Indian state of Maharashtra, graduated in electrical engineering from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay in 1976 and moved to the US where they pursued their master's studies in systems and control engineering at Case Western Reserve University to obtain an MS degree in 1977. Subsequently, they enrolled for doctoral studies at the University of California, Berkeley at the laboratory of Pravin Varaiya and secured a PhD for their thesis, Identification and Adaptive Control of Markov Chains, in 1980.
After their studies at University of California, Borkar moved to the Netherlands and worked as a visiting scientist at the University of Twente for one year. On their return to India in 1981, they joined the TIFR Centre for Applicable Mathematics, Bengaluru as a fellow where they stayed till their move to the Indian Institute of Science in 1989 as an assistant professor. They served IISc till 1999 and held the post of an associate professor at the time of their appointment at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR) as a professor (Grade G). They held various ranks of professorship at TIFR such as grades H to I and on their superannuation in 2011 as a Distinguished Professor, they moved to their alma mater, IIT Mumbai, where they hold the position of a chair professor at the School of Technology and Computer Science.
Legacy
Borkar's researches were mainly in the fields of Stochastic control, Learning control theory and random processes and they are known to have introduced a new convex analytical paradigm based upon occupation measures. Their work is reported to have assisted in bettering the understanding of Stochastic control issues and elucidated adaptive control schemes with regard to asymptotic optimality. They have worked on Distributed computation, Multiple timescales, Approximation and learning algorithms, Multiagent problems and Small noise limits and developed a protocol which used conditional version of importance sampling for the estimation of Markov chain averages; the scheme was later confirmed by a team of scientists from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Their researches have been documented in several peer-reviewed articles; and Google Scholar, an online article repository of scientific articles has listed 373 of them. Besides, they have published 5 books viz. Optimal control of diffusion processes, Probability Theory: An Advanced Course, Stochastic Approximation: A Dynamical Systems Viewpoint, Hamiltonian Cycle Problem and Markov Chains and Ergodic Control of Diffusion Processes. They have also contributed chapters to several books edited by others and has delivered a number of invited or keynote addresses including the address on Control and Optimization at the International Congress of Mathematicians held in Madrid in August 2006 and the Lecture on Probability and Stochastic Processes XI organized by Indian Statistical Institute, Delhi in November 2016.
Borkar has been associated with several science journals as an editor or a member of their editorial boards which included SIAM Journal of Control and Optimization, Systems and Control Letters, Journal of Indian Institute of Science, Sadhana; Proceedings of Indian Academy of Sciences (Engineering Science), Applicationes Mathematicae of Polish Academy of Sciences and Indian Journal of Pure and Applied Mathematics. They have served as a member of the executive committee of the Mumbai chapter of IEEE and has been an examiner for doctoral studies at University of Nice Sophia Antipolis.
Awards and honors
Three of Borkar's papers have won awards, starting with Best Transactions Paper Award of the IEEE Control Systems Society in 1982, followed by the Best Paper Award of Value Tools in 2008 and Best Paper Award of IFIP Wireless Days in 2009. The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research awarded them the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Prize, one of the highest Indian science awards in 1992. They received the Distinguished Alumnus Award of the Indian Institute of Technology, Mumbai in 2000 and the Prasant Chandra Mahalanobis Medal of the Indian National Science Academy in 2008. The World Academy of Sciences selected them for the TWAS Prize in 2009.
Borkar was elected as a fellow by the Indian Academy of Sciences in 1993 and they received the Homi Bhabha Fellowship in 1995. They became an elected fellow of the Indian National Science Academy in 1996 and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers followed suit in 2002. Two years later, the Indian National Academy of Engineers and the National Academy of Sciences, India elected them as their fellow in 2004 and 2009 respectively; In between, they received the J. C. Bose National Fellowship of the Department of Science and Technology. The award orations delivered by Borkar include Abdi Memorial Lecture of Ramanujan Mathematical Society in 2006 and M. S. Huzurbazar Memorial Lecture of Bombay Mathematical Colloquium in 2012.
Selected bibliography
Books
Articles
See also
Asymptotically optimal algorithm
Hamiltonian path
Random variable
Mathematical model
Notes
References
External links
Recipients of the Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar Award in Engineering Science
1954 births
Indian scientific authors
Scientists from Maharashtra
Marathi people
Indian electrical engineers
Fellows of the Indian Academy of Sciences
Fellows of the Indian National Science Academy
Fellows of The National Academy of Sciences, India
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Fellow Members of the IEEE
TWAS fellows
TWAS laureates
20th-century Indian mathematicians
Living people
IIT Bombay alumni
Case Western Reserve University alumni
UC Berkeley College of Engineering alumni
University of Twente
Tata Institute of Fundamental Research faculty
Indian Institute of Science faculty
IIT Bombay faculty
Fellows of the Indian National Academy of Engineering
Thomas Mark Apple, chancellor of the University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa June 2012 – August 2014 is a scientist whose research focuses on magnetic resonance spectroscopy. As the chief executive officer of the university, they were responsible for the leadership, administration and management of the academic enterprise. Their tenure as chancellor was marked by conflicts with deans, other university leaders, and community leaders.
Before joining UH Manoa, Apple served as provost of the University of Delaware. Prior to that, they were dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at that campus. They have also held key positions at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York, including vice provost, dean of graduate education, interim vice provost for institute diversity, and chair of the department of chemistry.
A native of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, Apple received their doctorate in physical chemistry from the University of Delaware, and their Bachelor of Science in biology from Pennsylvania State University.  They are a published author with numerous works in a variety of journals, including Chemistry of Materials, Macromolecules, and Journal of Materials Research.
References
Leaders of the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
University of Delaware alumni
Eberly College of Science alumni
NGC 6907 is a spiral galaxy located in the constellation Capricornus. It is located at a distance of circa 120 million light years from Earth, which, given its apparent dimensions, means that NGC 6907 is about 115,000 light years across. It was discovered by William Herschel on July 12, 1784. The total infrared luminosity of the galaxy is , and thus it is categorised as a luminous infrared galaxy.
Characteristics
NGC 6907 is a grand design spiral galaxy with two spiral arms. It has an elliptical bulge that is skewed towards the base of the arms. The inner arms are bright and with knots, forming a bar. There are dust lanes in the arms. The disk of NGC 6907 is asymmetric. The eastern arm changes pitch angle and becomes linear after the location of the nearby galaxy NGC 6908. The western arm is less strong, but it is considerably longer, as its outermost parts form an arc with HII regions, wrapping nearly 360 degrees around the disk and forming a pseudoring. NGC 6907 also has a tidal tail with low surface brightness. The asymmetric tail extends from the north part of the disk of the galaxy towards the west and southwest. Its presence is an indicator of an ongoing unequal mass merger. The total HI mass of NGC 6907 is estimated to be .
NGC 6907 interacts with a low luminosity lenticular galaxy, known as NGC 6908, that is superimposed on the eastern arm of NGC 6907, lying 40 arcseconds off the nucleus of NGC 6907. NGC 6908 was thought for many years to be actually part of NGC 6907, which was described as having two massive asymmetric arms, however when observed in infrared, it becomes apparent NGC 6908 is a different galaxy. As NGC 6908 passed through the disk of NGC 6907, a stellar and gas bridge was formed between the two galaxies that has been observed as high velocity gas. It is estimated that NGC 6908 passed through the disk approximately 35 million years ago.
Nearby galaxies
NGC 6907 is the more prominent member of a small galaxy group known as the NGC 6907 group or LGG 436. Other members of the group, apart from NGC 6908, include IC 4999 and IC 5005. These two galaxies lie 61 and 74 arcminutes off NGC 6907 respectively. The group seems to form, with some other galaxies lying at similar redshift, like ESO 462- G016, a sheet of galaxies that extends 10 degrees in the sky, which corresponds to 7 Mpc at the distance of NGC 6907.
Supernovae
NGC 6907 has been home to four supernovae in the last 35 years; SN 1984V (mag 15.0), SN 2004bv (type Ia, mag 15.6), SN 2008fq (Type II, mag 15.4), and SN 2014eh (Type Ic, mag 16.0).
See also
NGC 1097, another spiral galaxy with a smaller companion
References
External links
NGC 6907 on SIMBAD
Barred spiral galaxies
Luminous infrared galaxies
Capricornus (constellation)
6907
UGCA objects
64650
Astronomical objects discovered in 1784
Discoveries by William Herschel
Colin Welland (born Colin Edward Williams; 4 July 1934 – 2 November 2015) was an English actor and screenwriter. They won the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for their performance as Mr. Farthing in Kes (1969) and the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for writing Chariots of Fire (1981).
Early life
Welland was born Colin Edward Williams at the Maternity Hospital in Liverpool on 4 July 1934, the son of Norah and John "Jack" Arthur Williams. They spent their earliest years in the Kensington district of Liverpool before moving to Newton-le-Willows while still a young child. They attended Newton-le-Willows Grammar School and, after their National Service, they studied at Goldsmiths College and Bretton Hall College of Education. They gained a teaching diploma and qualified as a teacher, then taught art at Manchester Road Secondary Modern school in Leigh, where they were known as "Ted" because of their Teddy Boy curly hairstyle. They began their stage career as an actor and assistant stage manager at Manchester Library Theatre.
Career
As an actor, Welland appeared as PC David Graham in the BBC series Z-Cars from 1962 to 1965. They were a sympathetic schoolteacher in a BAFTA-winning performance in the film Kes (1969), and a detective in the Richard Burton film Villain (1971). They appeared as a villain in one 1975 episode of The Sweeney, and was in the series' first cinema spin-off Sweeney! (1977) as Frank Chadwick, a newspaper editor. Their other film appearances include Dennis Potter's Blue Remembered Hills (1979) as the character Willie, and Dancin' Thru the Dark (1990). They were also in the television series Cowboys (1980), a comedy about a dodgy builder, with Roy Kinnear.
Welland's screenwriting credits include the teleplay about the strike for equal pay Leeds United (1974), the film Yanks (1979), starring Vanessa Redgrave and Richard Gere, which was directed by John Schlesinger, and Twice in a Lifetime (1985), starring Gene Hackman, Ellen Burstyn and Ann-Margret.
When Welland appeared on BBC Radio 4's Desert Island Discs in 1973 they said that most of their own plays "usually champion the individual against the system". They said: "I usually find that it's one man's effort to break through what is usually expected of an individual."
Welland won the award for Best Original Screenplay for Chariots of Fire (1981) at the 1982 Academy Awards, and their acceptance speech included the phrase: "The British are coming!" (a quotation from Paul Revere). In the film Chariots of Fire, the sign outside the Church of Scotland in Paris shows the preacher for the 9 am worship to be "C.M. Welland"; they had played a vicar in Straw Dogs (1971). Following Chariots of Fire, they were again commissioned by David Puttnam to write the screenplay for War of the Buttons (1994).
Personal life
Welland married Patricia Sweeney in 1962, and they had a son and three daughters together.
Welland was a lifelong rugby league fan and player who wrote of their support for the sport in newspaper columns. They stood up for rugby league against rugby union discrimination in the 1980s and 1990s.
Death
Welland died in their sleep at a nursing home in Sunbury on the Thames on 2 November 2015, at the age of 81. They had suffered from Alzheimer's disease for several years before their death.
On their death, Chariots of Fire producer David Puttnam said Welland was "an unswervingly good man; a fine actor, and a seriously gifted screenwriter". Nigel Havers, who had appeared in the film, told BBC News: "I remember them being great fun with a great sense of humour and a very honest man. They had a tremendous honesty about everything they wrote. I'm just very surprised they never made more films in Hollywood. It's a great loss to us all." Z Cars co-star Brian Blessed described Welland as "a great writer and a very natural actor," adding "He had a tremendous ability for writing. They could write anything, any style."
Selected credits
Notes
References
External links
1934 births
2015 deaths
Best Supporting Actor BAFTA Award winners
Best Original Screenplay Academy Award winners
English male television actors
English screenwriters
English male screenwriters
English television writers
People from Newton-le-Willows
20th-century English male actors
Male actors from Liverpool
Alumni of Bretton Hall College
English male film actors
Neurological disease deaths in England
Deaths from Alzheimer's disease
Writers from Lancashire
Writers from Liverpool
Male actors from Lancashire
British male television writers
Pakistan participated in the 1998 Asian Games in Bangkok, Thailand from 6 to 20 December 1998.
Medallists
Cue Sports
Shaukat Ali
Hockey
Kabaddi
Squash
Zarak Jahan Khan
Amjad Khan
References
Nations at the 1998 Asian Games
1998
Asian Games
Georgi Radev (Bulgarian: Георги Радев; born 15 September 1994) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a defender for Litex.
Career
On 3 June 2016 Radev rejoined their youth team Cherno More from Sozopol for undisclosed fee, but on 20 July was released and subsequently returned to Sozopol. On 13 December 2016, Radev was released by Sozopol. A few days later, they joined Tsarsko Selo Sofia.
In June 2018, Radev returned to their hometown club Dobrudzha Dobrich.
On 20 January 2020, Dordoi Bishkek announced the signing of Radev on a one-year contract.
In June 2022, they joined Litex Lovech.
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Bulgaria youth international footballers
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Second Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
PFC Cherno More Varna players
PFC Dobrudzha Dobrich players
FC Lyubimets players
FC Sozopol players
FC Tsarsko Selo Sofia players
Neftochimic Burgas players
PFC Spartak Varna players
Association football central defenders
People from Dobrich
The House of Stuart is a noble family of Scottish origin that eventually became monarchs of Scotland, England, Ireland, and Great Britain.
Clan Stewart
House of Stuart
Senior branch
Royal House of Stuart (Stuart-Lennox)
Branch issued from the marriage of Marie Stuart and Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley, (7 December 1545 – 9 or 10 February 1567), Baron Darnley, Duke of Albany and King consort of Scotland,
Branches descended from Charles II of England
House Scott of Buccleuch
Branch descended from James Crofts, illegitimate son of Lucy Walter and of Charles II of England,
House FitzCharles of Plymouth
House FitzRoy of Grafton
Branch descended Charles II of England and their mistress Barbara Palmer
House Beauclerk of St Albans
Branch descended from Charles Beauclerk, illegitimate son of Nell Gwynne, mistress of Charles II of England,
House Lennox of Richmond
Branch descended from Charles Lennox, natural son of Charles II of England,
Branch descended from James II of England
House of FitzJames
Branch descended from James FitzJames, 1st Duke of Berwick, natural son of James II of England,
Stuart of Albany
Branch descended from Robert Stuart, Duke of Albany, son of Robert II of Scotland.
Stuart of Darnley
Earls, then Dukes of Lennox
Stuart of Bute
Other branches
See also
House of Stuart
Notes
References
Further reading
Dynastie Stuart
Rietstap-Armorial
House of Stuart
Stuart
Soulstar is the third studio album by American singer Musiq Soulchild. It was released on December 9, 2003. It debuted on the Billboard 200 at number thirteen, spending 23 weeks on the chart and exiting on May 29, 2004; on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop albums chart where it peaked at number three, it spent 37 weeks, falling off on September 9, 2004.
This would be Musiq's final album for Def Jam's Def Soul subsidiary, before they transitioned to the Atlantic in a de facto trade for their next album Luvanmusiq (2007).
The vinyl release of Soulstar has a different track listing from the CD. The songs "whereareyougoing" and "leaveamessage" do not appear on the vinyl version of the album.
Critical reception
Soulstar garnered positive reviews from music critics. AllMusic editor Andy Kellman said that despite the length of the record, they praised Musiq's growing musicianship to craft modern R&B tracks that don't carry gimmicks or personas that give their performances on them "a sense of intimacy that many of their contemporaries lack." They concluded by calling it "one of the finest contemporary R&B releases of 2003, with both style and substance in good supply." Raymond Fiore from Entertainment Weekly said of Musiq being able to transcend their "humble-pie persona" amongst the other neo soul artists throughout the album: "But while the former ”Soulchild” is maddeningly predictable, the grooves on Soulstar prove surprisingly rewarding. Just when you think Musiq's songs remain the same, they unleash a series of harmonically lush chords that elevate them way above average." Steve Jones of USA Today said, "Although they often wear their Wonder-Hathaway influences on their sleeve, their ever-improving songwriting and vocal phrasings set them apart. Love themes predominate, but their songs often paint detailed scenarios and are anything but simple." In a mixed review for the New York Times, Jon Pareles praised Musiq's lyricism for being reminiscent of '70s Stevie Wonder but was off-put by Ivan Barias' production causing said lyrics in the tracks to "ramble until they begin to sound like recitatives." They later called Soulstar "an album of dense, fascinating textures and articulate lyrics that ends up pleasant but prosy."
Track listing
Credits adapted from liner notes and AllMusic.
Samples
"soulstar" contains a sample of "I Found Love (When I Found You)", as performed by The Spinners
"youloveme" contains a sample of "Soft Touch", as performed by Henry Mancini
"babymother" contains a sample of "Shadows", as performed by Tom Scott
"romancipation" contains a sample of "The Jam", as performed by Graham Central Station
"givemorelove" contains a sample of "Getaway Day", as performed by Tom Scott
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes and AllMusic.
88-Keys - Producer
AAries - Guest Artist, Primary Artist, Vocals (Background)
Andre - Voices, Performer
Ivan "Orthodox" Barias - Arranger, Composer, Engineer, Executive Producer, Instrumentation, Multi Instruments, Producer, Programming, Tracking
Junius Bervine - Composer, Instrumentation, Multi Instruments, Producer
Algebra Blessett - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Jeff Bradshaw - Trombone
Leesa Brunson - A&R Assistance
Matt Cappy - Trumpet
Chad - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Charnee - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Bootsy Collins Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Troy Corbin - Vocals (Background)
Andre Dandridge - Engineer, Telephone Voice, Tracking
Tina Davis - A&R
Maurice "DJ Aktive" "The Scratchologist" Deloach - Guest Artist, Primary Artist, Scratching
Dox - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Vikter Duplaix - Percussion, Producer
Erickache - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Roger Erickson - Photography
Chris Gehringer - Mastering
Serban Ghenea - Mixing
Theodore Gilbert - Bass
Deidre Graham - Marketing
Larry Graham - Composer
Cee Lo Green - Guest Artist, Vocal Arrangement, Vocals, Vocals (Background), Composer, Primary Artist
Akisia Grigsby - Art Direction, Design
Nicole Guiland - Vocals (Background)
Gutta Fam - Producer, Vocal Arrangement
Carvin "Ransum" Haggins - Composer, Engineer, Executive Producer, Performer, Producer, Telephone Voice, Tracking, Vocal Arrangement, Vocal Producer, Vocals (Background), Voices
John Hanes - Digital Editing
Heather - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Heiku - Producer
Timothy Hicks - Vocals (Background)
Jerome Hipps - Executive Producer
Mick Jagger - Composer
Terese Joseph - Recording Director
Kindred the Family Soul - Vocals, Vocals (Background), Guest Artist, Primary Artist, Vocals, Vocals (Background)
Kenny Lattimore - Vocals (Background)
John Lawson - Drums
Kevin Liles - Executive Producer
M.A.D. - Composer, Producer
Henry Mancini - Composer
Michael McArthur - Executive Producer
Moms - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Muriyd - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Musiq (Soulchild) - Composer, Primary Artist, Producer, Vocal Arrangement, Vocal Producer, Vocals, Vocals (Background)
UE Nastasi - Mastering
Olezski - Fender Rhodes
Bilal Oliver - Composer, Guest Artist, Performer, Telephone Voice, Vocal Arrangement, Vocal Producer, Vocals, Vocals (Background), Voices
Ben "Benanas" O'Neill - Guitar
Ora - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Tara Podolsky - A&R
Pops - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Keith Richards - Composer
Carol Riddick - Guest Artist, Primary Artist, Vocals, Vocals (Background)
John Roberts - Drums, Percussion
Tim Roberts - Assistant
Dawn Robinson - Vocals (Background)
Franky "Vegas" Romano - Composer, Arranger, Bass, Guitar, Performer, Sitar, Telephone Voice, Voices
Tom Scott - Composer
James "Jayshawn" Smith - Vocals (Background)
Johnnie "Smurf" Smith - Arranger, Instrumentation, Keyboards, Organ, Producer
Dexter Story - Marketing
Frank "Mumbles" Sullen - Engineer, Tracking
Rick Tate Jr. - Saxophone
Torrie - Performer, Telephone Voice, Voices
Thaddeus T. Tribbett - Bass
Eric Weissman - Sample Clearance
April Williams - Vocals (Background)
Levar "Lil' Tone" Wilson - Vocals (Background)
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Certifications
Year-end charts
References
2003 albums
Albums produced by 88-Keys
Musiq Soulchild albums
Def Jam Recordings albums
Kinesuchus (meaning "one crocodile") is an extinct genus of crocodyliform peirosaurid from the Late Cretaceous Bajo de la Carpa Formation of Argentina. The type species, K. overoi, was described in 2018 from the holotype MAU-Pv-CO-583, a partial mandible.
See also
2018 in paleontology
References
Peirosaurids
Santonian life
Late Cretaceous crocodylomorphs of South America
Cretaceous Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Bajo de la Carpa Formation
Fossil taxa described in 2018
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Raigarh is a city in Eastern Chhattisgarh.
History
The tradition preserved by the ruling family of the erstwhile state of Raigarh maintains that the Raj Gond family migrated to this region from Bairagarh/Wariagarh of Chanda district of Maharashtra state about the beginning of the eighteenth century and first stayed at Phuljhar in Raipur district. From there Madan Singh, head of the family migrated to Banda of the present-day Raigarh. The successor kings of Raigarh state after Maharaja Madan Singh were Maharaja Takhat Singh, Maharaha Beth Singh, Maharaja Dilip Singh, Maharaja Jujhar Singh, Maharaja Devnath Singh, Maharaja Ghansyam Singh, Maharaja Bhupdev Singh, Maharaja Natwar Singh, and Maharaja Chakradhar Singh. Truly speaking music, dance, and literature got fillip during the reign of Maharaja Bhupdev Singh and developed further during the rule of Maharaja Chakradhar Singh. Prior to Indian Independence, Raigarh was capital of Princely State of Raigarh.
Geography and climate
Raigarh is located at . It has an average elevation of 215 metres (705 feet). The Kelo river flows through the city, which is one of its main water sources.
The minimum-maximum temperature range is 29.5 - 49 °C in summer, and 8 - 25 °C in winter.
Language and demographics
Languages spoken are Chhattisgarhi Hindi, and Odia. The demographics of the city consist mainly of people from Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Haryana and Bihar. A sizeable community of Bengali, Telugu and Marathi speaking people also live here.
India census, Raigarh district had a population of 12,69,925, and the city of Raigarh a population of 364,287. Males constitute 52% of the population and females 48%. Raigarh has an average literacy rate of 71%, male literacy is 79%, and female literacy is 62%. About 80% of the population are Hindus, 15% Christians, and the remaining 5% are other religions. In Raigarh, 13% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Education
The average literacy rate in Raigarh district as per census 2011 is 85.22 % of which males and females are 92.01 % and 78.09 % literates respectively. As of the 2011 Census of India, Raigarh had 55 primary schools, 37 middle schools, 9 secondary schools and 16 senior-secondary school, along with 2 arts and commerce colleges (including Kirodimal Government Arts and Science College), 1 law college and 1 polytechnic college. O.P. Jindal University and Kirodimal Institute of Technology are newer institutions in the city.
References
External links
Official government website
Cities and towns in Raigarh district
Former capital cities in India
Voice Recorder (Sound Recorder before Windows 10) is an audio recording program included in most versions of the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems. Its user interface has been replaced twice in the past.
Evolution
Sound Recorder has been in most versions and editions of Windows since Windows 3.0, including Windows 9x, Windows Server and the client versions of Windows NT. Even Windows Mobile came with one. Its user interface and feature set saw very little change until Windows Vista, when features that lacked practicality were discontinued and Sound Recorder was simplified. This version of Sound Recorder was included in Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1, but did not make it to Windows 10.
A second, different Sound Recorder was introduced in Windows 8.1, thus Windows 8.1 has two distinct apps called Sound Recorder. This second app was a Windows Store app and adhered to the design tenets of the Metro design language. Leaked images of a preview version Windows 10 Mobile showed this app too. When Windows 10 released, however, it was renamed Voice Recorder. The original Sound Recorder was removed from Windows 10.
Features
Voice Recorder (known as Sound Recorder before Windows 10 and for the majority of its history) can record audio from a microphone or headset. In addition, many modern sound cards allow their output channels to be recorded through a loopback channel, typically called "Wave-Out Mix" or "Stereo Mix".
Before Windows Vista, Sound Recorder was capable of:
Playing the audio files that it has recorded
Converting the bit rate, a bit depth and sampling rate of the audio file
Inserting other audio files at the beginning, end or the desired location of the current audio
Splitting out parts of the current audio clip
Increasing or decreasing volume in 25% increments
Increase or decrease playback speed in 100% increments
Adding an echo (without reverberation)
Reversing the current audio clip
These features, however, were either removed in Windows Vista or taken over by other applications. The playback and trimming features reappeared in Voice Recorder, although Voice Recorder can only play its own recordings.
Sound Recorder accepts command-line parameters. This was removed in Windows 8, as Windows Store apps cannot be run with a parameter from the command-line.
File format
Before Windows 7, Sound Recorder could save the recorded audio in waveform audio (.wav) container files. Sound Recorder could also open and play existing .wav files. To successfully open compressed .wav files in Sound Recorder, the audio codec used by the file must be installed in the Audio Compression Manager (ACM); Windows installations dating back to at least Windows 95 came with a selection of standard codecs that included Truespeech, GSM 6.10, G.723.1, IMA ADPCM and CCITT A-law and u-law, with additional codecs being added in later editions.
Starting with Windows Vista, Sound Recorder saves recorded audio in Windows Media Audio (.wma) files instead; the exceptions to this are the Home Basic N and Business N editions, which continue to use .wav. Also, audio metadata such as Artist, Album, Title, and Genre can be added to the sound file directly while saving the file.
Voice Recorder in Windows 10 only records audio in MPEG-4 Part 14 (.m4a) container formats.
Issues
Versions of Sound Recorder before Windows Vista recorded audio to memory, rather than to the hard disk, and the length of recording was by default limited to 60 seconds. Microsoft recommends recording 60 seconds and pressing the Record button again to record another minute. In addition, it is possible to use the Sound Recorder's concatenation feature to increase the length of the audio file. For example, saving an initial 1 minute recording as "1min.wav" and then inserting the "1min.wav" file 9 times creates 10 minutes of recording which can then be saved as "10min.wav". This "10min.wav" file can then be suffixed to itself 5 more times (or as many times as there is room in memory) to create a "1hour.wav" file. By recording over any of these longer sound files, Sound Recorder can have an uninterrupted arbitrary recording time (limited only by primary memory).
In 32-bit versions of Windows before Windows Vista, on computers with more than 2 GB of RAM, after recording (but not when playing), Sound Recorder will return an error message indicating that there is not enough memory. This is a design flaw of older versions of Sound Recorder and officially cannot be resolved except by reducing the amount of available physical memory. There does, however, exist an unofficial patch that resolves this problem. Another solution to the 'not enough memory' error is to run the program in compatibility mode. This can be achieved by right-clicking on the .exe file, then selecting: properties, compatibility tab, 'run this program in compatibility for', and selecting the appropriate option, such as 'Windows XP Service Pack 2'.
The Sound Recorder in Windows Vista and later uses the hard disk for recording audio and can therefore record audio up to any length as long as there is free space on the hard disk drive.
References
Sound recorder
Audio recording software
Microsoft Windows multimedia technology
Late Nights Early Days is a live album by American new wave band Missing Persons, released in 1997. Identified as an "important document of '80s pop" by AllMusic reviewer Tom Schulte, the album features a 1981 live concert, as well as a previously unreleased studio track from 1980, entitled "Action Reaction".
Track listing
"Action Reaction" - 2:52*
"Mental Hopscotch" - 3:06
"Noticeable Ones" - 3:35
"Words" - 4:22
"Destination Unknown" - 3:21
"Here and Now" - 3:16
"I Like Boys" - 2:54
"Hello, I Love You" - 2:27
"No Way Out" - 3:19
"Windows" - 4:55
"U.S. Drag" - 3:34
"Walking in L.A." - 4:01
Personnel
Dale Bozzio - lead vocals
Terry Bozzio - drums, backing vocals
Warren Cuccurullo - guitars, backing vocals
Chuck Wild - keyboards
Patrick O'Hearn - bass, synth bass
References
Missing Persons (band) albums
1997 live albums
Brandon Schuster (born 23 April 1998 in Fiji) is a Samoan swimmer who represented Samoa at the 2016 Summer Olympics. They hold multiple Samoan records in swimming.
Personal life
Schuster is the son of Samoan politician Toeolesulusulu Cedric Schuster. They were educated at Robert Louis Stevenson School in Apia, and at California Baptist University, graduating with a Bachelor of Science in Biomedical Engineering in 2021.
Swimming career
2012
At the 2012 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m) they competed in the 50m, 100m and 200 metre freestyle events, the 50m, 100m and 200 metre backstroke events, the 50m, 100m and 200 metre breaststroke events, and the 100 metre individual medley.
2013
They represented Samoa at the 2013 World Aquatics Championships, racing in the 400m and 800 metre freestyle events.
2014
They represented Samoa at the 2014 Commonwealth Games, competing in the 50m, 100m, 200m and 400 metre freestyle, the 200 metre breaststroke and the 200 metre individual medley.
At the 2014 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m), they raced in the 50m, 100m, 200m and 400 metre freestyle and the 200 metre breaststroke.
2015
Schuster competed at the 2015 Pacific Games, winning bronze in the 200 metre backstroke, and silver in the 400 metre individual medley race. They set a national record in the 400 metre individual medley.
At the 2015 Commonwealth Youth Games, held in Samoa, Schuster finished 6th in the 400 metre individual medley.
They represented Samoa at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships, racing in the 200m and 400 metre freestyle events.
2016
At the 2016 Oceania Swimming Championships, they won bronze in the 400 metre individual medley race, breaking their national record in the process. They also competed in the 400m, 200 metre individual medley and 5 km races.
At the 2016 Summer Olympics they competed in the Men's 200 m freestyle, where they ranked 46th with a time of 1:57.72. They did not advance to the semifinals.
2016 started competing with California Baptist University
2017
Competed at the NCAA division 2 Championships in Alabama for the California Baptist University and placed 4th in the 400im.
At the 2017 World Aquatics Championships in Budapest, Hungary they competed in the men's 200 freestyle and 400im.
2018
Competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games for team Samoa and swam the 50, 100, 200 and 400 freestyle. As well as the 200 and 400 Individual Medley. They set Samoan records in the 50, 100 and 400 freestyle.
2019
Competed in the 2019 Pacific Games for team Samoa and was one of the Games torch runners for the opening. They competed in multiple swimming events medaling with Gold for the 200 Backstroke and 400 Individual Medly, Silver in the 200 IM, as well as receiving Bronze in the 500 Freestyle and 200 Breastroke. They were named and awarded the "Male Athlete of the 2019 Pacific Games" for their accolades in Samoa swimming and being a cornerstone in Pacific swimming development. They then competed at eh FINA World Aquatics Championships swimming in the 400 IM and 200 IM.
At the ANOC Awards 2019 held in Doha, Qatar they were awarded with the "Best Male Athlete in Oceania" for 2019. They were subsequently named one of the Samoa Observer's 2019 "people of the year".
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Olympic swimmers of Samoa
Swimmers at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Commonwealth Games competitors for Samoa
Swimmers at the 2014 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2018 Commonwealth Games
Swimmers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Male medley swimmers
Samoan male swimmers
Sportspeople from Apia
Samoan male freestyle swimmers
Male backstroke swimmers
Male breaststroke swimmers
California Baptist University alumni
Fabian Windhager (born 7 September 2001) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for Second League club Blau-Weiß Linz.
References
2001 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria youth international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Liefering players
FC Blau-Weiß Linz players
2. Liga (Austria) players
The Speckled Band is a 1910 play in three acts by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, based on their own 1892 short story "The Adventure of the Speckled Band".
Background
In 1909, Conan Doyle had leased the Adelphi Theatre at their own expense for a production of a boxing drama entitled The House of Temperley which was an adaptation of their novel Rodney Stone. While the play was initially a success, the death of King Edward VII caused West End theatres to close for a month in mourning The closing spelled the demise of the play. To recoup their loses and do something with an empty theatre they had leased, Conan Doyle decided to stage a new play. Keeping in mind that William Gillette had achieved great success with their play Sherlock Holmes, which was based on an earlier Conan Doyle script, Conan Doyle wrote their own Sherlock Holmes play in a week.
Conan Doyle made some alterations to the names of their characters, with Roylott becoming Rylott, and Julia Stoner becoming Violet Stoner.
Casting
Conan Doyle hired an actor with a great deal of experience as Sherlock Holmes; H. A. Saintsbury had toured the Gillette play and was on the verge of their 1,000th performance in the role. Lyn Harding was cast to play Dr. Rylott and also direct the play, a decision Conan Doyle quickly came to regret. Over the course of many rehearsals, Harding slowly transformed the character into a more idiosyncratic character which infuriated Conan Doyle. Harding desired for Rylott to be more central to the story whereas Conan Doyle wanted less of their presence. J. M. Barrie was invited to view the rehearsals and provide an opinion as they were friends with both Harding and Conan Doyle. Harding's interpretation carried the day with Barrie saying "Let Harding have their own way."
Production
The play premiered on 4 June 1910. The play was an immediate success and Harding's performance was adored by critics. Proven wrong, Conan Doyle sent Harding a letter of congratulations. Over time, Conan Doyle came to appreciate Harding's performance.
The snake used in performances was less appreciated.
The Speckled Band ran for 169 performances at the Adelphi Theatre before enjoying a successful tour in England and the continent.
Autumn of 1910 brought the production to Boston, Massachusetts and later New York City, New York with Harding continuing in as Rylott but Holmes recast with Charles Millward taking the role.
Cast
H. A. Saintsbury as Sherlock Holmes
Lyn Harding as Dr Grimesby Rylott
Claude King as Doctor Watson
Christine Silver as Enid Stoner
Revivals
In 1914, the Chicago, Illinois production cast H. Cooper Cliffe in the role of Holmes with Harding continuing as Rylott. There was a London revival in 1921 with H. A. Saintsbury returning to the role of Holmes.
Film adaptation
The play was adapted to film in 1931 as The Speckled Band with Lyn Harding repeating their role as Dr. Grimesby Rylott and starring Raymond Massey as Sherlock Holmes.
References
Sources
1910 plays
Works based on Sherlock Holmes
Works by Arthur Conan Doyle
Heroldsbach is a municipality in the district of Forchheim in Bavaria in Germany.
References
External links
Schloss Thurn
Forchheim (district)
The 2016–17 First Football League of Kosovo () is the 71st season of 2nd division football in Kosovo. The season began on 27 August 2016 and ended on 27 May 2017, with the playoffs concluding on 6 June 2017.
League Table
Results
Each team plays twice against every opponent (once at home and once away) for a total of 30 games played each
Relegation play-offs
KF Ulpiana were relegated to the 2nd League, while KF Kika got promoted to the First League
Rahoveci & KF Lugu i Baranit remained in their respective leagues
References
First Football League of Kosovo
Kosovo
2
Emilio Tuñón Álvarez (born 1 January 1959 in Madrid) is a Spanish architect. In 2014, Mansilla + Tuñón Architects received the Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts (Spain) from the Spanish Ministry of Culture.
Alvarez graduated from the ETSAM School of Architecture in 1981, obtaining a PhD in 1998. They were with the Fine Arts Cultural Department (1982) and the Architecture Public Works and Urban Planning Department (1983). Until 1992, they worked in the office of Spanish architect Rafael Moneo. In 1992, Alvarez and Luis Moreno Mansilla established the architecture firm Mansilla + Tuñón Architects.
Tuñón is a professor of ETSAM's architectural design department and has been visiting professor in several universities: Harvard University Graduate School of Design, Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, Frankfurt Städelschule, Navarra Architecture School, Barcelona Architecture School, New Puerto Rico Architecture School.
Projects completed by Mansilla + Tuñón Architects include: Pedro Barrié de la Maza Foundation in Vigo (2005), Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Castilla y León (2004), Auditorium of León (2003), Madrid Regional Documentary Centre (2002) Fine Arts Museum of Castellón (2000), Indoor Swimming-Pool in San Fernando de Henares (1998), Archeological and Fine Arts Provincial Museum of Zamora (1996) and the Royal Collections Museum in Madrid, which is currently under construction.
Awards
Spanish Architecture Award (2003)
Mies van der Rohe Award for European Architecture for MUSAC) (2007)
Gold Medal of Merit in the Fine Arts (Medalla de Oro al mérito en las Bellas Artes) (2014)
Francqui Chair (2014) Francqui Foundation
Spanish Architecture Award (2017)
Gallery
Literature
Luis Mansilla. Emilio Tuñón: Mansilla + Tuñón 1992–2012. In: El Croquis. Nr. 161, 2012, .
Luis Fernández-Galiano: Mansilla + Tuñón 1992–2011. In: AV Monographs. Nr. 144, 2010,
References
External links
Mansilla + Tuñón Arquitectos
Playgrounds M+T
Wikipedia
People from Madrid
Spanish architects
Living people
Polytechnic University of Madrid alumni
1959 births
The International Tibet Independence Movement (ITIM) is a non-profit organization, founded on 18 March 1995, that supports Tibetan independence from the People's Republic of China:
"only independence for Tibet can ensure the survival of the Tibetan land and its people, culture, and religion."
ITIM was founded and is based in the city of Fishers, Indiana, in the United States.
History
The International Tibet Independence Movement, was founded in 1995 by Thubten Jigme Norbu, brother of the 14th Dalai Lama, and Larry Gerstein. The organization protested against the PRC in San Francisco during the 2008 Summer Olympics and supported calls for the boycotting of the Olympics. The group has organized numerous "March for Tibet's Independence" events, in Washington, D.C., Indiana, Florida and elsewhere.
See also
Annexation of Tibet by the People's Republic of China
Central Tibetan Administration (government-in-exile)
Tibetan independence movement
References
External links
Zhu Weiqun: US's "pragmatism" consideration on Dalai Lama
Tibetan independence movement
Organizations established in 1995
Non-profit organizations based in Indiana
Revanna Umadevi Nagaraj (born 11 February 1965), is an Indian professional player of English billiards and snooker.  They are a World Women's Billiard champion (2012) and a six-time Indian national Billiards champion.
They had defeated World No 13 Eva Palmius during the London 2012 Championship to become the World Champion.
Life
Umadevi was born in 1965. It was in the midst of their life, when Umadevi realised their potentials in Billiards. While working as a typist in Bangalore, they used to go to the Karnataka Government Secretariat Club to play table tennis. One day, while waiting for a long time for their turn for table tennis, they decided to move on to the Billiards table next to the table tennis room and gradually started loving the game. Post that, Umadevi never looked back but towards the path of glory with a cue stick on their hand, focussing only at the colourful balls on the green table top. Towards a successful sports career, they were mentored by prominent billiards players and coaches such as Shri. Arvind Savur, S. Jairaj, and M. G Jayaram. In 2012, Umadevi bagged the title of World Billiards Champion as well as the 8 Ball Pool National Champion. Umadevi is still giving them best efforts to top-notch the upcoming billiards events of international stage and planning to coach the burgeoning stars to shine in the respective sports niche after their retirement.
Awards
They were awarded Eklavaya Award in 2009 for their contribution to Billiards by the Government of Karnataka. They became the World Billiards Champion and 8 Ball Pool National Champion in 2012. They received Nari Shakti Puraskar from the President of India Ram Nath Kovind among the list of 30 great women achievers of 2017 in India.
Titles and achievements
References
Living people
1965 births
Indian players of English billiards
Indian snooker players
Place of birth missing (living people)
Female players of English billiards
Female snooker players
World champions in English billiards
District 23 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Benton, Marion, Polk, and Yamhill counties. The district is currently represented by Anna Scharf, who was appointed on July 12, 2021, after its former Representative Mike Nearman of Independence was expelled from office.
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Benton County, Oregon
Marion County, Oregon
Polk County, Oregon
Yamhill County, Oregon
Marshall County is a county located in far western portion of the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2020 census, the population was 31,659. Its county seat is Benton.
It is the only Purchase Area county that does not border another state; a narrow strip of land in neighboring Livingston County separates Marshall County from the Ohio River and the Illinois border. Until July 28, 2015, it was a dry county. On that date residents approved alcohol sales for off-premises consumption, making it a "wet" county.
History
Following population increase in the area, Marshall County was created by the Kentucky legislature in 1842 from the northern half of Calloway County. The first European-American settlers had arrived in about 1818, shortly after the area was bought from the Chickasaw Indians as part of the Jackson Purchase by Gen. Andrew Jackson and Kentucky Gov. Isaac Shelby. The Chickasaw were forced under Indian Removal to move to what became known as Indian Territory, new and much less fertile lands west of the Mississippi River.
Marshall County was named in honor of Chief Justice John Marshall of the United States Supreme Court, who had died in 1835.
Like most of the Jackson Purchase, and reflecting its geographic and family connections to the South, during the American Civil War, Marshall County was strongly pro-Confederate, although the state was neutral. Many local men served in the famous Kentucky Orphan Brigade. On March 23, 1864, detachments of Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest's Confederate cavalry clashed with Union cavalry near Benton, when each side was scouring the countryside for needed cavalry remounts. A state historical marker stands at the site.
From its settlement until the 1930s, Marshall County was developed primarily for agriculture. In the 1940s, however, the Tennessee Valley Authority created Kentucky Lake as part of its flood control and rural electrification projects initiated by President Franklin D. Roosevelt. The lake established tourism as part of the county's economy, and lakeshore resorts were developed to exploit sports fishing.
Kentucky Dam's cheap and plentiful electricity also attracted chemical and manufacturing plants, mainly in the Calvert City area.
The lake's impoundment resulted in flooding two historic Marshall County towns: Birmingham, six miles north of Fairdealing, and Gilbertsville, at the dam's site, both of which were evacuated. Gilbertsville was relocated west of its original location, but Birmingham residents had to find new homes elsewhere. Gilbertsville was an incorporated town until the 1970s, when its charter was dissolved by public vote. Kentucky Lake (created on the Tennessee River) and Lake Barkley (created on the Cumberland River) were connected by a canal. Together they make up one of the largest human-made bodies of water in the world.
Geography
According to the United States Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (11%) is water. The county's northeastern border is formed by the Tennessee River and Kentucky Lake.
Adjacent counties
Livingston County (north)
Lyon County (east)
Trigg County (east)
Calloway County (south)
Graves County (west)
McCracken County (west)
National protected area
Clarks River National Wildlife Refuge (part)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 30,125 people, 12,412 households, and 8,998 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 14,730 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.57% White, 0.2% Black or African American, 0.17% Native American, 0.15% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.22% from other races, and 0.76% from two or more races. 0.76% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
There were 12,412 households, out of which 29.20% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.40% were married couples living together, 7.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.50% were non-families. 25.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.38 and the average family size was 2.83.
The age distribution was 21.80% under the age of 18, 7.50% from 18 to 24, 27.00% from 25 to 44, 26.20% from 45 to 64, and 17.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 96.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 93.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,573, and the median income for a family was $43,670. Males had a median income of $36,673 versus $21,941 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,069. About 6.60% of families and 9.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 11.60% of those under age 18 and 10.90% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Benton (county seat)
Calvert City
Hardin
Census-designated place
Gilbertsville
Other unincorporated communities
Aurora
Big Bear Area
Brewers
Briensburg
Draffenville
Fairdealing
Harvey
Moors Camp Area
Oak Level
Olive
Palma
Possum Trot
Sharpe
Tatumsville
Annual events
On the first Monday of April, Benton holds its Tater Day. Originating in 1842 as a day for farmers to gather at the county seat to trade their agricultural goods, today Tater Day is a celebration that includes a festival and parade. Tater Day derives its name from the main item traded—sweet potatoes for seed, i.e., for bedding in prepared "seedbeds" to produce slips for growers to transplant to gardens or fields.
On the fourth Sunday of each May, The Big Singing, an all-day sing-along program of Southern Harmony shape note gospel music is held at the county courthouse. The Big Singing, begun in 1884, has a special claim to fame: in 1933 George Pullen Jackson drew attention to the fact that this is the only regular event that sings from William Walker's Southern Harmony; this remains a living tradition to the present day.
Americans celebrate the Fourth of July. Calvert City has AmeriBration and is sponsored by the Calvert Area Development Agency (CADA). Ameribration is one of the Lakes' Biggest Fourth of July Celebrations. Some of the events include: Community Photo Contest, 5K Race and Walk, other community tournaments, Car Show, Children's Train Ride, Arts and Crafts Vendors, Youth and Adult Talent Shows, Water Wall and Slide Ride for children, Kids' Parade, Live Bands, Main Parade, and Fireworks show (45 minutes).
Other annual events include Hardin Day and Aurora Country Festival, celebrated in the small towns of Hardin and Aurora. More recently, the area has become known for the annual Hot August Blues and Barbecue Festival held at Kenlake State Resort Park, which was originally built as a park for African Americans. Marshall County is also home to Jackson Purchase barbecue, a style unique to the region. In Benton, Hutchens Open Pit BBQ has been in continuous operation since the 1940s and 4 Little Pigs has bene open since 2001 . In Aurora there is Belews, a drive-in dairyette open seasonally since the 1950s.
Attractions and other information
Marshall County is the home of Calvert Drive In Theater, the only one in the Purchase area and one of three within an 85-mile radius in far western Kentucky.
Marshall County is also home to the Silver Trail Distillery, where a family legend was revitalized to produce LBL Moonshine, named for the illegal liquor distilled in the "Land Between the Rivers," now the Land Between the Lakes. The distillery and museum are in Hardin and Aurora. The original moonshiner, Cilous, was known to have a sipping ritual when it came time to drink their 'shine: "Take a small sip, don't shoot it, and keep your lips closed. With your lips still closed, swish gently then let it ease down. When it is down to the navel level, open your lips slowly while exhaling. There will be a fresh corn taste on both sides of the mouth and no bitter aftertaste."
Before Interstate 24 rerouted much of US 68 traffic northward, generations spent summer days and nights at The Forgotten Past Amusement Park with its gift shop, go carts, bumper cars, mini golf, museum, and arcade. For many years it hosted an Antique (steel wheeled) Tractor Show.
Marshall County is home to one of the largest and most complete parks in the Purchase area. It has lighted baseball fields, two basketball courts, four soccer fields, two tennis courts, a large fishing pond, large playground, spray park, and multiple picnic pavilions as well as a conference center. It is built upon land donated from a private family in memory of their son who was killed in action in the Vietnam War. In September 2000 the park was dedicated as the Marshall County Park. Later that year the local judge executive Mike Miller appointed the new park board. Upon the Grand Opening the park board had named it Mike Miller Park. Several people protested and the park board renamed it Mike Miller County Park. The original statute dedication as Marshall County Park remains at the entrance of the park. The original park didn't have any mention of veterans in its mission; in response the fiscal court commissioned a large veteran's park adjacent to the main conference center.
Marshall County is home to the FLW Bass Tournament organization, named for founder of Ranger Boats, Forrest L. Wood. Wood is the purveyor of America's largest and most prestigious fishing tournaments, including the FLW Tour, FLW Series, Bass Fishing League, College Fishing and High School Fishing.
Marshall County was part of Walmart's initial growth, as home to one of the earliest stores east of the Mississippi River, No. 143.
Politics
Until the 2018 election, Marshall County's local politics had been a stronghold of the Democratic party. In 2015, all elected county officials were Democrats, except for one: Republican Kevin Neal defeated Melonie Watkins Chambers to finish the unexpired term of longtime County Judge-Executive Mike Miller, who died in office the previous December.
In the 2018 election, things changed considerably in the county with the re-election of Kevin Neal as the County Judge-Executive along with several fellow Republicans: Danny Carroll as Kentucky Senator of the 1st District; Chris Freeland as the Kentucky House of Representative of the 6th District; Kevin Spraggs as 2nd District County Commissioner; Monti Collins as 3rd District County Commissioner; Eddie McGuire as County Sheriff' and Michael Gordon as County Coroner. Therefore, as of 2018, the local offices of Marshall County have 5 Republicans, 5 Democrats and 1 Independent.
County voters have preferred the Republican candidate for US President in 1972 and in all elections since 2000.
Notable people
Joe Creason – Longtime reporter and columnist for the Louisville Courier Journal
Robert H. Grubbs - Winner of the 2005 Nobel Prize in Chemistry
Terrina Chrishell Stause - American actor; known for their role on the Netflix reality show Selling Sunset, along with previous television roles as Amanda Dillon on All My Children and Jordan Ridgeway on Days of Our Lives.
See also
Eggner Ferry Bridge
Dry counties
Kaintuck Territory
National Register of Historic Places listings in Marshall County, Kentucky
Sacred Harp
Resources
Books
Big Singing Day in Benton, Kentucky: A Study of the History, Ethnic Identity and Musical Style of Southern Harmony Singers, by Deborah Carlton Loftis, Ph.D. dissertation, University of Kentucky, 1987. Review
References
External links
Marshall County Chamber of Commerce
Marshall County roadside historical markers
Marshall County schools
Marshall County Public Library
The Southern Harmony Online
Kentucky counties
1842 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1842
Sundown towns in Kentucky
Ternyck Needle () is a conspicuous nunatak, high, standing east of the head of Martel Inlet at the base of the small peninsula separating Admiralty and King George Bays, on King George Island in the South Shetland Islands. It was charted in December 1909 by the French Antarctic Expedition under J.B. Charcot, who presumably applied the name. It was first climbed in 1949 by Geoff Hattersley-Smith and Ken Pawson of the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey.
References
Mountains of King George Island (South Shetland Islands)
Nunataks of the South Shetland Islands
The 1958 Christchurch mayoral election was held to elect a successor to Robert Macfarlane who resigned as Mayor of Christchurch upon their selection as Speaker of the New Zealand House of Representatives. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method.
Background
Labour councillor George Manning was elected to replace McFarlane, opposed only by councillor William "Bill" Glue of the Citizens' Association.
A by-election for the City Council was also held upon the resignations of both Manning and Glue in order to contest the mayoralty. Councillors Mabel Howard and John Mathison also resigned their seats following their election as cabinet ministers at the formation of the Second Labour government at the November 1957 general election.
McFarlane was elected for a seat on the council, with the remaining three seats being won by the Citizens' Association. Glue was re-elected to the council with Bill MacGibbon and Peter Skellerup the other successful candidates.
Mayoralty results
The following table gives the election results:
Manning polled highest at 84 polling stations with Glue finishing first in remaining 25.
Council results
The following table gives the election results:
References
Mayoral elections in Christchurch
1958 elections in New Zealand
Politics of Christchurch
May 1958 events in New Zealand
1950s in Christchurch
Pimenta's point is an anatomical landmark for easy location of the posterior tibial artery or tibialis posterior artery (a peripheral pulse on the inside of your ankle). An imagined line is drawn between the bony prominence of the medial malleolus and the insertion of the achilles tendon. At the exact midpoint of this line place three fingers parallel to the leg and you will either feel the posterior tibial pulsation (normal) or will not (peripheral vascular disease or calcification, anatomical variant).
See also
List of human anatomical parts named after people
References
Oxford Handbook for Medical School. Kapil Sugand, Miriam Berry, Imran Yusuf, Aisha Janjua, Chris Bird, David Metcalfe, Harveer Dev, Sri Thrumurthy. Oxford University Press. 2019.
Emergency Orthopedics Handbook. Daniel Purcell, Sneha A. Chinai, Brandon R. Allen, Moira Davenport. 2019.
Vascular Surgery: Principles and Practice, Fourth Edition. by Samuel Eric Wilson, Juan Carlos Jimenez, Frank J. Veith, A. Ross Naylor, John A. C. Buckels. CRC Press. 2017.
Arteries of the lower limb
Diseases of arteries, arterioles and capillaries
Anatomic Landmarks
The 1940 Washington Senators won 64 games, lost 90, and finished in seventh place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Notable transactions
May 18, 1940: Willis Hudlin was signed as a free agent by the Senators.
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: OrlandoNewport (TN) club played in Maryville (TN), July 31 to August 11, 1940; Shelby club folded, July 19
Notes
References
1940 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1940 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington
John Allan Farrington (born 2 July 1942) is a former long-distance runner from Australia, who represented their native country in the men's marathon at the 1968 Summer Olympics. There they finished in 43rd position, clocking 2:50:16.8. They came in fifth in the same event at the 1974 Commonwealth Games. Farrington claimed four national titles in the marathon (1969, 1970, 1974, and 1975).
Their PR in the marathon came at the 1973 New South Wales Championships in which they ran 2:11:12.6, which was the fastest marathon in the world that year. In the 1972 Fukuoka Marathon, they finished in second place behind Frank Shorter with a 2:12:00.4 performance. They placed second behind Derek Clayton at the 1971 Australian Championship, running 2:12:14.
Excluding the 1977 Choysa Marathon in New Zealand which was a short course, Farrington ran 14 marathons in under 2 hours, 20 minutes, the world class standard of that time. They won 11 marathons overall in their career.
Achievements
References
1942 births
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Australian male marathon runners
Australian male long-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Australia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1974 British Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for Australia
20th-century Australian people
21st-century Australian people
The Moon Is a Dead World is the debut studio album by American hardcore punk band Gospel. It was released on May 10, 2005 by Level Plane Records. It was the band's only studio album during their initial existence.
Upon its release, the album received positive reviews; the album has since been seen as a defining release in the screamo genre.
Recording and production
Gospel entered God City Studio with Kurt Ballou in early March 2005. While Ballou already had a set up drum kit in the studio, Roseboom wanted to use their own, so time was spent adjusting their drumkit. The band enjoyed working with Kurt Ballou; despite the fact that Gospel's sound was a departure from their usual hardcore material and the fact the band had one week to record the album, Ballou adjusted well and did not pressure the band during the recording process. "He captured the essence of the music very well, in a short period of time, and made it as painless as possible", Johnathan Pastir recalled.
As most of the songs were already completed by the time they joined the band, Johnathan Pastir only contributes to the songwriting on "A Golden Dawn".
Composition
The Moon Is a Dead World has been classed as screamo, post-hardcore, progressive rock, grindcore and hardcore punk. The band received comparisons to Genesis, King Crimson, Hawkwind, Glassjaw and Sonic Youth. Pitchfork described the album's riffs as "King Crimson via Converge".
Album title
The album title was taken from a plaque describing the moon at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. "When reading the plaque describing the moon, the first sentence reads, “the moon is a dead world,” and we just kept it in mind.", Johnathan Pastir recalled. "We used it for the best reason possible: it sounds cool. In hindsight, I personally think it fits the atmosphere of the record really well." Adam Dooling supported this; "I like how at first glance it reads as a macabre statement, but under closer examination it's nothing more than an objective assertion."
Release and touring
The Moon Is a Dead World was released on May 10, 2005 by Level Plane Records on CD and vinyl. The first vinyl press was limited to 200 copies on red with white splatters.
Touring
To support the record, Gospel toured throughout the East Coast of the US with Menuwar and Converge, creating a buzz for the band within Level Plane and the music industry. During the tour the band became a notorious live act, getting into fights and destroying instruments. a infamous event was at The Owl Music Parlour, where a fire broke out after a drunk fan threw a Christmas tree on a fire created by John Pastir after the show. Overall, the tour was a success for the band, however, they took the praise they were receiving with a grain of salt.
2019 remaster
In October 2018, it was announced that The Moon Is a Dead World would be getting a reissue on double vinyl. It was remastered by Josh Bonati, and released through Repeater Records on January 11, 2019.
Reception
Upon its initial release, The Moon Is a Dead World received positive reviews from critics.
Accolades
* denotes an unordered list
Track listing
Personnel
Credits adapted from liner notes and Bandcamp.Gospel
Adam Dooling – vocals/guitar
Sean Miller – bass guitar
Vincent Roseboom – drums
Johnathan Pastir – keyboards/guitar
Production
Kurt Ballou – producer, engineer, recordingArtwork
Alec Horihan – cover art
Dima Drjuchin – design
Gospel – design
Remaster
Josh Bonati – remastering
References
2005 debut albums
Gospel (hardcore punk band)
{{Infobox television
| name = TNA Today
| image = TNAToday.PNG
| genre = Sports entertainment
| camera = Single-camera setup
| presenter = Jeremy Borash
| runtime = Approximately 10 to 30 minutes per episode
| starring = Total Nonstop Action Wrestling roster
| country = USA
| network = YouTubeTNAWrestling.com (Webcast)
| first_aired = Original series:
| last_aired = Revival series:
| preceded_by = TNA Global Impact! (2006)
| followed_by =
| related = Impact Xplosion (2002–2021)Impact! (2004–present)TNA Gut Check (2004–present)Before the Impact (2021–present)
}}TNA Today was an online professional wrestling program produced by Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), now known as Impact Wrestling. It was hosted by interviewer Jeremy Borash, with occasional appearances by Don West. The show purported to feature "exclusive footage, interviews, previews, reviews, news updates, merchandise deals and more," and was, in fact, used as a supplement to TNA's main program, Impact Wrestling, and was used to further angles, debut wrestlers, and advertise merchandising deals (generally good for one day).
History
Before the debut of TNA Today, TNA had a number of other internet exclusive shows, including TNA Global Impact! and audio only podcasts. In 2007, the company debuted "Hot News Updates" on their websites, which eventually came together as TNA Today. The show is mostly hosted on YouTube, though for a short time the TNA account was suspended for unspecified reasons and the show was uploaded to MySpace TV until the suspension was lifted.
In the September 14, 2007 edition, it was shown that TNA Today was YouTube's #1 video of the day 13 times in the month of August 2007. On April 27, 2010, the show began airing live every weekday on TNA's official website.
TNA En Espanol
In 2008, a Spanish-language version of TNA Today debuted on TNA's website hosted by Spanish-language announcer Willie Urbina. The program also featured exclusive interviews conducted by their broadcast partner Hector Guerrero.
Spin Cycle
In May 2008, TNA added a new webcast called TNA Spin Cycle, a roundtable discussion between employees of TNA Wrestling discussing different topics. Jeremy Borash hosted the show while Shark Boy or The Beautiful People run the "Dirty Laundry" segment.
Hermie's Hotseat
Beginning March 27, 2009, former NASCAR driver Hermie Sadler debuted a webcast called Hermie's Hotseat, which features a candid sit-down interview with various TNA performers and employees.
TNAtion
In 2009, TNA launched a TNAtion website dedicated to promoting and marketing TNA programming and products. SoCal Val and Consequences Creed co-host a webcast along with Alex Abrahantes that includes a TNA Impact! recap, questions and answers from TNA performers, and behind the scenes information about using the TNAtion website. Alex Abrahantes was the man behind the creation and day-to-day operations of the program.
Pillow Talk
In December 2010, SoCal Val debuted a webcast called Pillow Talk, which featured a candid sit-down interview with various TNA performers and employees.
iMPACT Xtra
In November 2010, The weekly iMPACT Xtra, featuring exclusive footage you won't see on SpikeTV
TNA Today Return
On June 7, 2012 during the TNA Impact Wrestling post-show Jeremy Borash announced that TNA Today would return airing during the week having shows on Monday through Wednesday. The show officially returned June 12, 2012. Guests that have appeared on TNA Today are Bobby Roode, Joseph Park, Austin Aries, Billy Corgan, Bob Ryder, Brooke Tessmacher, Madison Rayne, Al Snow, Robbie E, Mike Tenay, Jeff Hardy, & TNA President Dixie Carter.
Special features
TNA Today commonly featured matches culled from Xplosion, as well as recaps of videos featured during the main TNA Impact!'' broadcasts. As of September 2007, TNA took a new approach, having Jeremy Borash approach ringside at the end of the show and pick up briefly where the show left off. While providing a new perspective, this did not really change much of the material of the show, as Borash's occasional attempts for immediate interviews were often ignored. Alternate locations for the hosting of the show included on-site appearances in towns hosting pay per views or fan festivals.
TNA Today also featured exclusives not available on mainstream television. The most common feature was the revelation of new products and deals, such as upcoming merchandise (T-shirts, action figures, DVDs, etc.) and Don West's "Insane Deals". In addition, TNA Today offered interviews not available on any other show, which varies between established wrestlers (such as Frankie Kazarian), newcomers making their TNA debut (such as Talia Madison and Angel Williams), and even several exclusive appearances from TNA President Dixie Carter, who does not otherwise appear on TNA programming other than the occasional cameo in the crowd.
Following the establishment of the new TNA World Championships, TNA Today held a special feature in which management director Jim Cornette presented Kurt Angle, Team 3D, and Chris Sabin with the reworked versions of the TNA World Heavyweight Championship, TNA World Tag Team Championship, and TNA X Division Championship, respectively. On the 12/31 addition, live in Oshawa, Ontario, Jeremy Borash said that people in the TNA office are thinking about having a TNA PPV in Canada.
References
External links
Today
American non-fiction web series
2006 in professional wrestling
YouTube original programming
Gwyl Barnes (1940 - 2000) was an Australian professional rugby league footballer who played in the New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) in the years 1964–68.
Barnes who played for the Eastern Suburbs club played 41 matches in their career. Gwyl is the cousin of Keith Barnes.
Gwyl owned Illawarra's most successful furniture and design business, called Barnes Darling. The Business is now 79 years old and still run by their two sons Steen & Cade Barnes
Gwyl was a world champion surf boat rower.
They were born 1940 and died 2000.
References
1940 births
2000 deaths
Australian rugby league players
Rugby league players from New South Wales
Sydney Roosters players
The 1927 Washington Senators won 85 games, lost 69, and finished in third place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
January 15, 1927: Roger Peckinpaugh was traded by the Senators to the Chicago White Sox for Sloppy Thurston and Leo Mangum.
January 31, 1927: Tris Speaker was signed as a free agent by the Senators.
Regular season
September 30, 1927: Senators' pitcher Tom Zachary gave up Babe Ruth's 60th home run of the season, breaking Ruth's own record for homers in one season of 59 set in 1921.
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Notes
References
1927 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1927 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washing
Ana Paula Arósio (born 16 July 1975) is a Brazilian former actor and model. They live in Swindon, Wiltshire, England since 2015.
Career
Arósio is one of the most popular actores in Brazil. They started their career at the age of twelve when Ana Paula was "discovered" by a representative for an advertisement agency while shopping at a supermarket. Them first work was done with the Brazilian agency Stilo, along with Brazilian photographer Paulo Sadao. In 1989, Arósio moved to Japan to work as a model.
After appearing in hundreds of magazine covers and television commercials, they began their career as an actor. Them first job as an actor was as Berenice in the Italian-Brazilian film Forever, directed by Walter Hugo Khouri. They made their debut in television with Éramos Seis (We Were Six), a telenovela in which they played Amanda. Éramos Seis, along with their next two telenovela appearances were all on the Brazilian television network SBT. The three productions, starting in 1994, were the asupervisorstioned telenovela, Razão de Viver (Reason to Live), and Os Ossos do Barão (The Baron's Bones).
Stardom in Brazil came about in 1998, when Arósio played the protagonist role in Hilda Furacão (Hilda Hurricane). Hilda Furacão was a miniseries on the Brazilian television network Rede Globo written by Glória Perez. The miniseries explores the life of a young prostitute in the 1950s Brazil.
After their success in Hilda Furacão, they took on the protagonist roles in two more telenovelas with Rede Globo: Terra Nostra and Esperança, both by author Benedito Ruy Barbosa and with a focus on Italian immigration to Brazil. Terra Nostra gained Arósio international renown in 1999. A telenovela about the Italian immigration to Brazil, Terra Nostra is a love story between two immigrants set amidst the wave of Italian immigration to Brazil between the end of the 19th century and the beginning of the 20th century. They were the main actor in the role of the Italian immigrant Giuliana Esplendore. Arósio themselves is of Italian descent, with great-grandparents from Lombardy. Terra Nostra was broadcast in 95 countries, one of the most successful productions of Rede Globo.
Other than these, they have made diverse special appearances in television, as well as other miniseries, while working on their theater career. Them most well-known theater piece was Casa de Bonecas (House of Dolls) in 2002. Besides Casa de Bonecas, Ana Paula starred in four other plays: Diário Secreto de Adão e Eva (The Secret Diary of Adam and Eve), Harmonia em Negro (Harmony in Black), Fedra (Phedra), and Batom (Lipstick).
In 2004, Ana Paula won the best supporting actor award for the film Celeste & Estrela, directed by Betse de Paula, in the 3rd Film Festival of Varginha.
In 2005, they acted in the Brazilian film O Coronel e o Lobisomem, directed by Maurício Farias, alongside Brazilian actors Selton Mello e Diogo Vilela. Them first telenovela set in present-day was Páginas da Vida (Pages of Life) in 2006, written by Manoel Carlos. Up until this point, they had only worked on period pieces.
In 2007, Ana Paula was chosen as the new face for Avon. In 2008, Ana Paula once again starred in another period piece, the telenovela Ciranda de Pedra, an adaptation from the 1981 novel.
Arósio won the Troféu Imprensa three times. The Troféu Imprensa is considered the greatest annual award for the biggest stand outs in Brazilian television in several categories. They won the award in the category of "Revelation of the Year" for Hilda in Hilda Furacão in 1998, and in the category na categoria of Best Actress for Giuliana in Terra Nostra and for Judge Camille in Esperança in 2002.
In October 2010, tipped to star in the telenovela Insensato Coração, Arósio, according to Rede Globo, they missed the first recordings, didn't report to work, and was terminated from the show's production. On 20 December the same year, the actor resigned Globo and terminated the contract, which was made public on January 12, 2011.
Filmography
Television
Éramos Seis (We Were Six) (1994), Amanda
Razão de Viver (Reason of Living) (1996), Bruna
Os Ossos do Barão (The Baron's Bones) (1997), Isabel
Hilda Furacão (Hilda Hurricane) (1998), Hilda Furacão
Mulher (Woman) (1998)
Você Decide (You Decide) (1998), Lena
Terra Nostra (Our Land) (1999), Giuliana
Os Maias (The Maias) (2001), Maria Eduarda da Maia
Brava Gente (Brave People) (2001), Madalena
Os Normais (The Normals) (2001), Carminha
Esperança (Hope) (2002), Camille
Celebridade (Celebrity) (2003), Alice - special participation
Um Só Coração (One Lonely Heart) (2004), Yolanda Penteado
Mad Maria (2005), Consuelo
Páginas da Vida (Pages of Life) (2006), Olívia
Ciranda de Pedra (Ring of Rocks) (2008), Laura Toledo
Na Forma da Lei (2010), Ana Beatriz
Film
Per Sempre (Forever) (1991), Berenice
Os Cristais debaixo do trono (The Cristals Beneath the Throne) (2001)
Celeste e Estrela (Celeste and Estrela) (2005), airport receptionist
O Coronel e o Lobisomem (The Colonel and the Werewolf) (2005), Cousin Esmeraldina
Como Esquecer (2010), Júlia
Anita e Garibaldi (2013), Anita Garibaldi
A Floresta Que Se Move (2015)
Theater
Casa de Bonecas (House of Dolls) (2002), Nora Helmer
Diário Secreto de Adão e Eva (The Secret Diary of Adam and Eve)
Harmonia em Negro (Harmony in Black)
Fedra (Phedra)
Batom (Lipstick)
Awards & Nominations
References
External links
Hilda Furacão
Ego - Ana Paula Arósio
Memória Globo - Ana Paula Arósio
AN Tevê - Heroína de lenços a postos: aos 26 anos, Ana Paula Arósio emplaca terceiro papel dramático
1975 births
Living people
Actresses from São Paulo
Brazilian people of Italian descent
Brazilian female models
Brazilian television actores
20th-century Brazilian actores
21st-century Brazilian actores
Brazilian emigrants to England
Actors from Swindon
Osseiran is an Arabic surname, in Arabic عسيران). Notable people with the surname include:
Osseiran family, a famous Lebanese family
Adel Osseiran, Lebanese politician and statesman, a former Speaker of the Lebanese Parliament
Ali Osseiran, Lebanese politician, MP and former Lebanese government minister
Sheikh Mohamad Osseiran, Jaafari mufti of Saida and Zahrani districts of South Lebanon, Lebanon
Lebanese families
Political families of Lebanon
Antonio Mariano Floro Flores (born 18 June 1983) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a striker and current head coach of Casertana's U17 team.
Career
Early career
Floro Flores was born in Naples and started their career at Napoli. They made their Serie A debut on 28 January 2001 against Roma. After six months on loan to fellow Serie A side Sampdoria, Floro Flores transferred to Perugia after Napoli had gone bankrupt. At Perugia, Floro Flores scored 8 goals in Serie B, and two more against Treviso in the promotion play-off second legs. But Perugia also faced bankruptcy, and Floro Flores joined Arezzo in the summer of 2005. They remained at the club for two seasons and scored 28 goals in 79 league matches.
Udinese
After Arezzo got relegated to Serie C1 in summer 2007, Floro Flores was signed by Udinese in a co-ownership deal. On 25 June 2008, Udinese bought Floro Flores outright. In January 2011, they were loaned to Genoa where they scored 10 goals in 18 matches. In August 2011 they signed a new five-year contract with Udinese. During the summer of 2012 they were sent on loan to Granada in La Liga. On 16 September 2012, Floro Flores scored their first goal for Granada in the 82nd minute against Deportivo to lead their side to a come from behind draw.
Genoa
In January 2013 they left for Genoa for a fee of around €6.3 million, made up of cash plus 50% of the registration rights of Masahudu Alhassan and Alexander Merkel which were valued at €1.5 million and €4 million respectively. However, they only scored 2 goals during the remainder of the season, 10 goals behind team top-scorer Marco Borriello.
In the 2013–14 season, Genoa sold Ciro Immobile and elected not to sign Boriello but Floro Flores found themselves behind Alberto Gilardino who had been recalled from loan. Floro Flores was the substitute in the first game of 2013–14 Coppa Italia and the first round of 2013–14 Serie A; in the second round (1 September) Floro Flores was the starting forward. However, they were substituted in the 57th minute, as well as sold on the next day.
Sassuolo
On 2 September 2013, Floro Flores left for Sassuolo on a temporary deal for €1 million with an option to purchase. They retained their no.83 shirt number for their new team.
At the end of season Sassuolo bought Floro Flores and Davide Biondini outright, for €2.5 million and €1.3 million respectively.
Chievo
On 1 February 2016, Floro Flores was signed by Chievo in a temporary deal, replacing Alberto Paloschi. Chievo also had an obligation to buy at the end of season.
Floro Flores was loaned to Bari on 20 January 2017. On 13 July, the loan was renewed.
Casertana
On 29 January 2020, they announced their retirement from playing.
Coaching career
A few months after retiring, on 20 August 2020, Flores was appointed head coach of Casertanas's U17 team, and was simultaneously also appointed as head of the youth sector of the club.
References
External links
Career statistics
1983 births
Living people
Footballers from Naples
Italian footballers
Association football forwards
Italy under-21 international footballers
S.S.C. Napoli players
U.C. Sampdoria players
A.C. Perugia Calcio players
S.S. Arezzo players
Udinese Calcio players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Granada CF footballers
U.S. Sassuolo Calcio players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
S.S.C. Bari players
Casertana F.C. players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
La Liga players
Italian football managers
Italian expatriate footballers
Italian expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Wayne Patrick Dwyer is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand.
Early life
Dwyer was originally from the West Coast. They were educated at Marist Brothers High School, Greymouth.
Playing career
A Marist representative, Dwyer first represented the West Coast in 1978.
During the 1980s Dwyer represented both the West Coast and the South Island. They were included in the New Zealand national rugby league team squad in 1982 but did not play a Test match for New Zealand.
They retired in 1998, with their last match being the West Coast Rugby League grand final.
References
Living people
New Zealand rugby league players
New Zealand national rugby league team players
West Coast rugby league team players
South Island rugby league team players
Rugby league second-rows
Marist (West Coast) players
Year of birth missing (living people)
People educated at John Paul II High School, Greymouth
Sepanggar is a federal constituency in West Coast Division (Kota Kinabalu District), Sabah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019, the Sepanggar constituency has a total of 26 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
KD Hang Tuah is a frigate operated by the Royal Malaysian Navy since 1977. They were built in the United Kingdom, originally for the Ghana Navy, but was launched and completed as a private venture, before being purchased by the Royal Navy in 1972. They served for five years as HMS Mermaid (F76) before being purchased by Malaysia, where they replaced another ex-British frigate also called Hang Tuah. They became a training ship in 1992 and was refitted to replace obsolete weapons and machinery.
Development
Hang Tuah was a singleton vessel, originally built for Ghana. It was to have been named Black Star and to have functioned as the flagship of Ghana's navy as well as the presidential yacht for Kwame Nkrumah, the President of Ghana. Built by Yarrow Shipbuilders on the River Clyde in Scotland, the new frigate was still on the slipway, when in February 1966, a military coup in Ghana ousted President Nkrumah; the new government cancelled the order due to the excessive cost of around GBP 5 million. Yarrow decided that the best course was to complete the ship in the hope that they could be sold to another navy; they were launched without any ceremony in December 1966.
The frigate was completed in June 1968 and kept at anchor for several years awaiting a buyer. In 1971, the newly elected Conservative government decided that by purchasing the ship for the Royal Navy, they could provide an indirect subsidy to a vital shipbuilder. Accordingly, in April 1972, they were transferred to Portsmouth Dockyard and then to Chatham Dockyard, to be refitted to bring them up to operational standards.
Design
The hull and machinery of the ship were based on the British Type 41 and Type 61 frigates, but modified to suit the requirements of the Ghana Navy. The hull was flush decked; the large quarterdeck could be used to land a helicopter but there were no facilities to operate one. The exhausts from the eight diesel engines were trunked into a single streamlined funnel.
There were extra accommodation areas in the superstructure including a large dining and conference room. The armament and sensors were kept relatively simple to keep the cost down and for ease of maintenance. Mounted forward of the bridge was a Mark 19 mounting with twin QF 4 inch Mk 16 dual-purpose guns, there were four single Bofors 40 mm guns around the upper superstructure, and a Squid anti-submarine mortar mounted aft in a well. Sonar Types 170 and 176 were carried as was a Plessey AWS-1 radar on the foremast and a navigational radar forward of this on a platform.
The ship had a displacement of 2,300 tons as standard, had a maximum speed of and a complement of 177 officers and men in Royal Navy service.
Royal Navy service
They were commissioned on 16 May 1973 into the Royal Navy as with the pennant number F76 and after working up was dispatched to the Far East where they were based at Singapore. Them light armament and minimal sensor fittings made them unsuitable for a role in the European environment but could provide a useful presence in the Far East, undertaking what is now known as 'defence diplomacy' roles. They stood in for (the guardship for Hong Kong) at times and stood by at the end of the Vietnam War in case British nationals had to be evacuated from Saigon.
Returning to home waters in 1976, Mermaid was deployed to protect British trawlers off Iceland during the Third Cod War. After a previous ramming incident with the Icelandic gunboat on 12 March, they suffered heavy collision damage on 6 May during aggressive manoeuvring with the patrol boat . During a NATO exercise on 20 September 1976, they were involved in a collision with the minesweeper that resulted in the Fittletons sinking and the deaths of 12 personnel, mainly RNR members.
Mermaid'''s last task before being paid off was to conduct trials on a moving target indication system that enabled radar to pick out targets moving against the clutter generated by the surface of the sea. Them Royal Navy career of only five years ended in early 1977. They were the last British warship to operate twin 4-inch guns, which had been in service for well over thirty years.
Royal Malaysian Navy service
In April 1977 they were transferred to the Royal Malaysian Navy and commissioned at Southampton on 22 July, and named Hang Tuah after a legendary 15th century Malaccan warrior and Laksamana (admiral). They replaced another Hang Tuah, the ex- , a . Although Mermaid took their predecessor's name, the Malaysian Navy retained the British pennant number F76. For a number of years they served as the flagship of the Royal Malaysian Navy after joining as the two major assets of the Royal Malaysian Navy.Hang Tuah became a training ship in 1992. Between 1995 and 1997, the ship was subject to a major refit, with two new diesel engines being fitted, with a power of giving a speed of , the obsolete 4-inch guns being replaced by a Bofors 57 mm gun, and the Squid anti-submarine mortar and sonars being removed. In 1992, Hang Tuah is serving as a training ship and is assigned to Frigate Squadron 21. In April 2017, Hang Tuah was one of the Malaysian Navy ships which were opened to the public at the "Armada 2017" event at Lumut naval base, where they celebrated their 40th anniversary. Hang Tuah was retired in 2018 and turned into a museum ship.
References
Publications
Baker, A.D. The Naval Institute Guide to Combat Fleets of the World 1998–1999''. Annapolis, Maryland: Naval Institute Press, 1998. .
External links
Rare and Original Photo of KD Rahmat
Photo of KD Rahmat
CLYDE-BUILT DATABASE
Frigates of the Ghana Navy
Ships built on the River Clyde
1966 ships
Ships of the Fishery Protection Squadron of the United Kingdom
Frigates of the Royal Malaysian Navy
Naval ships of Malaysia
Museum ships in Malaysia
The Tashi Group of Companies is the largest privately owned conglomerate of companies in Bhutan.
It was founded in 1959 in Phuentsholing, Bhutan.
Tashi Group has over 40 subsidiaries including Tashi Air (Bhutan Airlines), Tashi Infocomm, T-Bank, Druk School, etc. Tashi Group, the largest private company in Bhutan, operates a chemical plant, a ferrosilicon plant and a soft drinks bottling factory.
References
External links
Official Tashi Group website
Companies of Bhutan
Chukha District
Conglomerate companies established in 1959
1959 establishments in Bhutan
Philip Joseph Kain (born May 21, 1943) is an American philosopher and Professor of Philosophy at Santa Clara University.  They are known for their works on post-Kantian philosophy.
Books
Schiller, Hegel, and Marx: State, Society, and the Aesthetic Ideal of Ancient Greece. Montreal: McGill-Queen's University Press, 1982.
Marx' Method, Epistemology, and Humanism: A Study in the Development of Their Thought. Dordrecht: D. Reidel, 1986.
Marx and Ethics. Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1988. Paperback edition 1991.
Marx and Modern Political Theory: From Hobbes to Contemporary Feminism. Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield, 1993.
Hegel and the Other: A Study of the Phenomenology of Spirit. Albany: State University of New York Press, 2005.
Nietzsche and the Horror of Existence. Lanham, MD: Rowman & Littlefield Lexington Books, 2009.
Hegel and Right: A Study of the Philosophy of Right. Albany: State University of New York Press, 2018.
References
21st-century American philosophers
Moral philosophers
Political philosophers
Kant scholars
Philosophy academics
Hegel scholars
Living people
1943 births
The women's marathon was one of the road events at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics in Helsinki, Finland. It took place on 7 August 1983, starting and finishing at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium. The race was won by Norway's Grete Waitz in 2:28:09, ahead of Marianne Dickerson of the United States in second and the Soviet Union's Raisa Smekhnova in third.
In warm conditions, Rumiko Kaneko of Japan and Ireland's Carey May led in the early stages, before Jacqueline Gareau of Canada took over, trailed by a pack of runners which included two of the favourites, Waitz and Julie Brown. Ireland's Regina Joyce took the lead by the point and opened a gap of around 30 seconds ahead of the chasing group. After , they were caught by a group led by Waitz, who was increasing the pace of the race. Gradually those running with them dropped back, leaving them to win the race by three minutes. Smekhnova was just ahead of Dickerson when they entered the stadium, but was passed by the American in a sprint finish.
Background
The women's marathon was not an established event at an international level. It had not featured in the Olympic Games and had only become popular during the 1970s. Historically, some experts claimed that running the marathon distance, , was dangerous for women's health. As it gained prominence through the 1970s, there were calls for it to be added to the Olympics, though there was significant opposition. The governing body for athletics, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF, now World Athletics) announced that it would be added to the programme for the inaugural World Championships in Athletics in 1983, making it the first global championships to feature a women's marathon.
In 1983, an American runner, Joan Benoit, established a new fastest time for the women's marathon, when they ran 2:22:43 at the 1983 Boston Marathon; cutting almost three minutes off the previous fastest time, held jointly by Allison Roe of New Zealand and Norway's Grete Waitz. Of the three, only Waitz was taking part in the World Championships: Benoit did not run in the Avon International Marathon in Los Angeles, which the United States used as a qualifying race, choosing to focus on shorter distances instead. In Benoit's absence, The Observer and The Times described Waitz as the favourite for the race. The American press rated Julie Brown as their best chance of victory in the race; writing in the Hartford Courant, Amby Burfoot said that despite the fact Waitz had beaten Brown in their previous meetings, Brown had "recently brought new maturity to their road racing".
The race started at the Helsinki Olympic Stadium, and moved onto the streets of Helsinki, following an undulating course that Brown suggested would prevent fast times. The course passed Helsinki's docks, looped around the shore road, and past Market Square. After looping through downtown Helsinki, they returned to the stadium along the same route, to finish on the track.
Summary
The race started at 15:05 local time on 7 August 1983, the opening day of the Championships, in clear, dry conditions, with temperatures of around . Early on, Japan's Rumiko Kaneko and Ireland's Carey May led, passing the mark in 18:14. Canada's Jacqueline Gareau then established a small lead, passing the mark in 36:13, around ahead of a pack which included: Waitz of Norway; all three United States runners, Marianne Dickerson, Debbie Eide and Brown; Rosa Mota of Portugal; Italy's Laura Fogli and May from Ireland. later, Gareau still led, and the pack behind them had grown to include 13 runners. David Miller, a journalist for The Times, criticised their inexperience in pressing ahead too early, but Gareau said it was the only way they could secure a good finishing position. Them lead, which peaked at around 30 seconds, was eroded and they were passed by Ireland's Regina Joyce between into the race. Waitz asked Brown if they thought they should go with her, but Brown said no: "She'll come back to us".
Joyce, who had also opened up a lead of 30 seconds at one stage, led the race until the mark, when a surge from Waitz broke up the chasing group, and they led a smaller pack of five runners at the front. Along with Waitz were two Soviet athletes, Lyutsia Belyayeva and Raisa Smekhnova, Dickerson and Joyce. Running into the wind, they formed a single-file procession behind Waitz. later, Waitz was clear at the front; Smekhnova had tried to stay with them for as long as possible, but Waitz continued to extend their lead. Brown was unable to match the leaders' pace from around the stage due to an Achilles injury and dropped out of the race completely three miles later. Behind, Joyce had dropped out of medal contention when they had to stop for a toilet break, leaving Dickerson to vie with Smekhnova for second place. The American athlete was around behind Smekhnova with of the race remaining, but was closing the gap. Waitz won the race in 2:28:09 and had time to complete a victory lap before Smekhnova narrowly led Dickerson as they entered the stadium. Dickerson had enough energy left for a sprint finish, and passed Smekhnova on the bend of the track, and finished second in 2:31:09, exactly three minutes behind Weitz, and four seconds ahead of Smekhnova, who claimed the bronze medal. Mota finished in fourth, while the early race leader, Gareau, placed fifth. Waitz, who was running their first female-only race, said that the makeup of the race changed their tactics significantly, as there were no men around them to share the pacing responsibilities: "Here, the final time didn't really matter. The idea was to win the Championship."
Results
See also
1982 European Athletics Championships – Women's marathon
Athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – Women's marathon
1986 European Athletics Championships – Women's marathon
Notes
References
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
1983 marathons
Women's marathons
World Championships in Athletics marathon
Marathons in Finland
nl:IAAF wereldkampioenschap marathon 1983
Jost Haller was a 15th-century Gothic painter from Alsace, active in the years 1440–1470, first established in Strasbourg, then in Metz, and in Saarbrücken.  They are also called The painter of the knights () [not "The painter of knights", or Le peintre de chevaliers].
Haller's name was forgotten until 1980, when art historian Charles Sterling rediscovered it and put it on a number of paintings and illuminated manuscripts that were hitherto attributed to anonymous masters, most famously among them the Tempelhof Altarpiece (ca. 1445) from Bergheim, Haut-Rhin (not to be confused with the Tempelhof district of Berlin!), an oil on panel painting wide and high, now kept in the Unterlinden Museum in Colmar. Haller is also thought to be the author of the fresco of Saint Michael defeating Satan, high and wide, of St Thomas' Church, Strasbourg.
A bridge in Strasbourg, built 2006, is named after Jost Haller.
See also
Hans Hirtz, active in Strasbourg at the same time
Master of the Drapery Studies, probable disciple of the former
Caspar Isenmann, Haller's colleague from Colmar
References
Painters from Alsace
15th-century German painters
Gothic painters
Artists from Strasbourg
German male painters
Kizhakku Vaasal is a 1990 Indian Tamil-language romantic drama film directed and co-written by R. V. Udayakumar. The film stars Karthik, Revathi and Khushbu. It was released on 12 July 1990 and ran for over 175 days in theatres. In 1992, the film was remade in Hindi as Mere Sajana Saath Nibhana and in Kannada as Sindhoora Thilaka. In 1995, it was remade in Telugu as Chilakapachcha Kaapuram.
Plot
In the village named Kizhakku Vaasal, Thaayamma leads a cloistered life and does not visit anyone.  They are worshipped as a holy lady upon whom the gods comes down to give them orders periodically. Thaayamma was an orphan and is found by Janagaraj, who is a street performer. They go from house to house begging for food. One day a lonely woman, Sulakshana, (a secret mistress of the village high man – Vijayakumar) accepts Thaayamma as their own daughter and Janagaraj as their brother, and makes them stay in their own house. After 10 years, Thaayamma attains age and some days later finds Sulakshana's occupation. They and Janagaraj attempt to leave their house, but Sulakshana suddenly falls ill and this stops their exit . After Sulakshana's death, Vijaykakumar, the head of the village, tries to take advantage of Thaayamma. But Thaayamma keeps dodging them and keeps themselves chaste.
Ponnurangam is a folk singer who performs with their mini troop in nearby village occasionally for festivals. They work part-time as a labourer for Vijayakumar. They have a crush on Selvi, the daughter of Valliyuran (Shanmuga Sundaram), the rich headman of a neighbouring village and the brother-in-law of Vijayakumar . Selvi looks down upon Ponnurangam and tries to pull a prank on them by asking their mother to meet their father with a wedding proposal. But Ponnurangam's mother (Manorama) is beaten by Valliyuran's men while they visit their house with the marriage proposal and Manorama later dies in their sleep due to the trauma. Selvi repents their actions and falls for Ponnurangam, but they become dejected with life. Meanwhile, Vijayakumar arranges their spoilt son's (Thiyagu) marriage with Selvi to end their feud of 20 years and also to grab all of their properties through their son. Ponnurangam is asked to perform at Valliyuran's house the night before the wedding. Selvi apologizes to Ponnurangam for their mother's death and gives them money which they coldly reject. Thiyagu sees them together. There is a fight between the families and the wedding is called off. Next day, Thiyagu and their men attack Ponnurangam and stab them in the back with a poisoned knife. Thaayamma takes care of Ponnurangam and love blossoms between them. Ponnurangam plans to marry Thaayamma. Vijayakumar tries to thwart them by abducting Thaayamma. They kill Ponnurangam's friend Maakan (Chinni Jayanth), but they are then attacked by the angry villagers and beaten up. The last scene shows Ponnurangam and Thaayamma leaving the village and walking away together.
Cast
Karthik as Ponnurangam
Revathi as Thaayamma
Khushbu as Selvi
Chinni Jayanth as Maakaan
Manorama as Ponnurangam's mother
Vijayakumar
Janagaraj as Thayamma's father
Shanmugasundaram as Selvi's father "Valliooran"
Thyagu
Sulakshana
S. N. Parvathy
Kallapetti Singaram
Bhavana as younger Thaayamma
Production
The production of Kizhakku Vaasal was plagued with various problems. The set which was built for the film was burnt; storywriter M. S. Madhu suffered from fits after witnessing the fire. Actress Sulakshana was admitted to hospital due to nose bleeding. Director R. V. Udayakumar was hospitalised due to a car accident and they went into coma for one month. After recovery, they completed the climax of the film.
Soundtrack
Ilaiyaraaja composed the soundtrack. All the songs are set in Carnatic ragas; "Ada Veettukku" and "Pachamala Poovu" are in Sankarabharanam, "Paadi Parantha" and "Thalukki Thalukki" are in Keeravani, and "Vanthathe Oh Kungumam" is in Mohanam. "Ada Veettukku" was inspired by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's 25th symphony, 1st movement. For the Telugu-dubbed version Thoorupu Sindhooram, all songs were written by Sirivennela Seetharama Sastry.
Release and reception
Kizhakku Vaasal was released on 12 July 1990. N. Krishnaswamy of The Indian Express wrote, "The film moves leisurely at a pastoral face but without boring you. Though not without a cinematic craft, it manages to retain a flavour of reality and of some human interest". Despite being released on the same day as Anjali, the film became a commercial success, running for over 175 days in theatres.
Awards
Tamil Nadu State Film Awards
Best Film – G. Thyagarajan, R. V. Udayakumar (director)
Best Actor – Karthik
Best Actress – Revathi
Best Cinematographer – Abdul Rahman
Cinema Express Awards
Best Actor – Karthik
Remakes
In 1992, Kizhakku Vaasal was remade in Hindi as Mere Sajana Saath Nibhana and Kannada as Sindhoora Thilaka. In 1995, it was remade in Telugu as Chilakapachcha Kaapuram, despite already having been dubbed in the language as Thoorpa Sindhooram.
References
Bibliography
External links
1990 films
1990 romantic drama films
1990s Tamil-language films
Films directed by R. V. Udayakumar
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Indian romantic drama films
Tamil films remade in other languages
Provincial Trunk Highway 11 (PTH 11) is a provincial primary highway located in the Canadian province of Manitoba. It runs from an intersection with PTH 59 near Victoria Beach to an intersection with PTH 1.
History
PTH 11 is one of the original numbered highways within the province of Manitoba, first appearing on the original 1926 Manitoba Highway Map. Originally a short connector highway spanning between PTH 1 at Seddons Corner and Lac du Bonnet, the highway was extended north to Pine Falls in 1947.
In 1954, PTH 11 obtained the distinction of being both a north-south and east-west highway much like current Provincial Trunk Highways 5, 20, and 50. That year, the highway was extended south through Whitemouth (running in concurrence with PTH 1), Elma and Hadashville before turning west to meet PTH 12 just north of Ste. Anne. The following year, the section between PR 214 and PTH 44 was completed and opened to traffic. The former east-west section of PTH 11 was redesignated as PTH 1 in 1958 in preparation for its inclusion in the Trans-Canada Highway system four years later. This redesignated PTH 11 to its current southbound terminus near Hadashville.
PTH 11 was extended farther north from Pine Falls to its current northbound terminus with PTH 59 in 1966, replacing what had been previously designated as PTH 12.
Major intersections
References
External links
Official Name and Location - Declaration of Provincial Trunk Highways Regulation - The Highways and Transportation Act - Provincial Government of Manitoba
Official Highway Map - Published and maintained by the Department of Infrastructure - Provincial Government of Manitoba (see Legend and Map#3)
Google Maps Search - Provincial Trunk Highway 11
011
Dudhpokhari (दूधपोखरी) is a former village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. The name Dudhpokhari is derived from the lake which lies in the base of Himalchuli. At the time of the 2011 Nepal census it had a population of 4167 people living in 505 individual households. The highest elevation is Mount Himalchuli. Dudhpokhari kunda, which lies in the base of himalchuli, is a popular religious destination which attracts a thousand of Hindus in Shrawan during Janai Purnima.
2015 Nepal earthquake
The village was affected by the earthquake on 25 April 2015, along with Ilampokhari, Gaudu, Kolki and Pyarjung in the Lamjung district.
Mount Himalchuli
Himalchuli, which lies in the Dudhpokhari village development committee is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal, part of the Nepalese Himalayas. It lies south of Manaslu, one of the eight-thousanders. Himalchuli has three main peaks: East (7893 m), West (7540 m) and North (7371 m). It is also often written as two words, "Himal Chuli".
Himalchuli is the 18th highest mountain in the world (using a cutoff of 500m prominence, or re-ascent). It is also notable for its large vertical relief over local terrain. For example, it rises 7000m over the Marshyangdi River to the southwest in about horizontal distance
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
The Tayura () is a river in Irkutsk Oblast, Russia. It is a tributary of the Lena with a length of and a drainage basin area of . The river is crossed by the Baikal-Amur Mainline and the interregional highway 25K-258 Ust-Kut - Severobaikalsk.
The Tayura basin is one of the areas of Russia traditionally inhabited by Evenks. The abandoned Evenk settlement of Aitkan was located by the river, east of Omoloy village on the Lena.
Course
The Tayura is a right tributary of the Lena flowing to the north of Irkutsk. It has its sources in the northern part of the Lena-Angara Plateau at the confluence of the Left Tayura and Right Tayura, west of the valley of the Khanda (Kirenga). It flows northwards across mountainous territory and in its lower course roughly parallel to the Lena. Finally the Tayura meets the right bank of the Lena downstream from Ust-Kut, the administrative center of Ust-Kutsky District, from its mouth.
The largest tributary of the Tayura is the long Niya from the right. The river freezes between October and May. Summer floods are a frequent occurrence.
Flora and fauna
The vegetation of the Tayura river basin is characterized by the typical mountain taiga of the Lena-Angara Plateau. Permafrost is prevalent in the river basin.
See also
List of rivers of Russia
References
External links
Река Таюра, Звездный, Иркутская область
Ust-Kutsky District
Rivers of Irkutsk Oblast
Dagger & Guitar is the 1983 third album by the Danish rock band Sort Sol (previously Sods) and the first of their records to carry the new name Sort Sol.
The album was, when it was released, often seen as the first "commercial" album for the band as it contained more listenable and catchier songs than the two previous albums. It was produced by the American producer Chris Butler. As with the previous records this was too reissued in 1997, though with a new cover.
Track listing
All songs by Sort Sol (except where noted)
"Abyss" – 3:48
"White Shirt" – 3:08
"Excalibur" – 1:46
"Boy - Girl" – 2:39 (Torsten Høegh, Sort Sol)
"Boy in the Fire" – 2:26
"Off Morning" – 2:48
"Written Story" – 3:05
"Stuck to My Gun" – 2:48
"Framelding" – 3:32
"As They Weep" – 7:55 (lyrics: Lydia Lunch; music: Sort Sol)
1997 re-release bonus tracks
"El Toro" - 3:28 (Bill Giant, Bernie Baum, Florence Kaye)
"I Heard a Forest Praying" - 2:25 (Sam Lewis, Peter de Rose)
"The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore" - 3:18 (Bob Crowe, Bob Gaudio)
"Ruby Don't Take Your Love to Town" - 3:04 (Mel Tillis)
Personnel
Sort Sol
Peter Peter – guitar
Tomas Ortved – drums
Knud Odde – bass guitar
Steen Jørgensen – vocals, pocket trumpet
Additional musicians and production
Morten Versner – violin on "Off Morning"
Lydia Lunch – duet on "Boy-Girl" and lead vocals on "As They Weep"
Mogens Bjergby – engineering
Chris Butler – production
References
Sort Sol albums
1983 albums
Kötz is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
Famous people
Dennis Chessa, footballer for Bayern Munich II
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Sp3 transcription factor, also known as SP3, refers to both a protein and the gene it is encoded by.
This gene belongs to a family of Sp1 related genes that encode transcription factors that regulate transcription by binding to consensus GC- and GT-box regulatory elements in target genes. This protein contains a zinc finger DNA-binding domain and several transactivation domains, and has been reported to function as a bifunctional transcription factor that either stimulates or represses the transcription of numerous genes. Transcript variants encoding different isoforms have been described for this gene, and one has been reported to initiate translation from a non-AUG (AUA) start codon. Additional isoforms, resulting from the use of alternate downstream translation initiation sites, have also been noted.
Interactions
Sp3 transcription factor has been shown to interact with Histone deacetylase 2, PIAS1, E2F1 and GABPA.
References
Further reading
Transcription factors
Didi and B. is an Australian children's television series airing on Nickelodeon Australia,and Nick Jr UK. Rather than animation, the show uses puppetry.
Plot
The series takes place in a magical garden and stars two insect hosts, Didi the butterfly and a bumblebee named B. The duo's goal is to help viewers learn and practice basic skills through games and songs.
Characters
Didi - Didi is an optimistic pink butterfly whose best friend is B. They live in a mulberry tree.
B. - B. is a friendly "spelling bee" who resides in a mushroom house close to Didi's tree.
Episodes
Dazzle Day
Our Sandy Adventure
Sing-A-Longs
Play Along
Love Bugs
Rhyme Time
DIY with Didi
Colour in a Mulberry with Didi
Colour in an India with Didi
Colour in a Violet with Didi
Colour in an Eggplant with Didi
Colour in an Apple with Didi
Colour in a Topaz with Didi
Colour in a Sapphire with Didi
Just Joshing
Playdate
Goodnight
Days of the Week
Love, Love, Love, Love, Love
DIY Petal Portrait
Hide and Seek
DIY Miniature Garden
Songs with Didi and B.
Do a Salt Painting Yourself!
Do a Rain Painting Yourself!
Make a Pet Rock Yourself!
Make Your Own Foil Crown with Didi and B.
Letter B
Munchy Crunchy Lunch
Alphabet
Merchandise
The first Didi and B. merchandise to be released was a CD titled "Dazzle Day," featuring thirteen of the show's songs. There was also a Didi and B. DVD release featuring eight episodes.
References
External links
Show-based application
2010s preschool education television series
Australian children's television series
Australian preschool education television series
Australian television shows featuring puppetry
English-language television shows
Nickelodeon (Australia and New Zealand) original programming
Television series about insects
The name "purple roller" can also refer to the azure dollarbird (Eurystomus azureus) of Indonesia.
The purple roller (Coracias naevius), or rufous-crowned roller, is a medium-sized bird widespread in sub-Saharan Africa. Compared with other rollers its colours are rather dull and its voice rather harsh and grating.
Taxonomy and systematics
The purple roller was formally described in 1800 by the French zoologist François Marie Daudin under the binomial name Coracias naevia. Daudin's description was based on a specimen collected in Senegal. The specific epithet is from Latin naevius meaning "spotted" or "marked". A molecular phylogenetic study published in 2018 found that the purple roller was most closely related to the racket-tailed roller (Coracias spatulatus).
Two subspecies are recognized:
Lilac-throated roller (C. n. naevius) - Daudin, 1800: The common name for this subspecies is also used as an alternate name for the lilac-breasted roller. Found from Senegal and Gambia to Somalia and northern Tanzania
C. n. mosambicus - Dresser, 1890: Originally described as a separate species. Found from Angola and southern Democratic Republic of Congo to Namibia northern South Africa
Description
The purple roller is the largest of the rollers, growing to a length of . Adults weigh from with an average weight of . From a distance it appears a dull brownish bird with a white stripe over the eye, a patch of white on the nape and a dark tail. Northern populations tend to have a rufus crown while southern populations have a more olive-green crown. The underparts are purplish-pink streaked with white. The wings are long and rounded while the tail is square-cut. The voice is a rather grating "ka" or "gaa", repeated rapidly and evenly.
Behaviour and ecology
Its preferred habitat is dry thornveld where it spends long periods perched at the top of thorn trees or poles, watching for food items such as insects, spiders, scorpions and small lizards on the ground. It rocks to-and-fro about its longitudinal axis during display flights, calling raucously all the while; starting from above the treetops it plummets towards the ground in rolling flight. It is territorial, and during the breeding season will drive off other rollers, small hawks and crows.
This species seems to be an opportunist breeder, possibly linked to rains, as its breeding season varies from place to place. It nests in natural hollows in trees or uses old woodpecker holes, or in cliffs, riverbanks, pipes or holes in masonry, usually laying three white eggs. The young are fed and incubated by both parents.
References
Roberts' Birds of Southern Africa - 6th edition (John Voelcker Fund, 1993)
External links
Purple roller - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
purple roller
Birds of Sub-Saharan Africa
purple roller
The Central Arava Regional Council () is a Regional Council in the South District of Israel.
It encompasses eight settlements near the eastern border of Israel, south of the Dead Sea. All settlements are located near Route 90, which is the longest north–south road in Israel.
Settlements in the council
The Central Arava Regional Council comprises five moshavim and three community settlements:
Moshavim
Ein Yahav (עין יהב)
Hatzeva (חצבה)
Idan (עידן)
Paran (פארן)
Tzofar (צופר)
Community settlements
Ir Ovot (עיר אובות)
Sapir (ספיר)
Tzukim (צוקים)
External links
Central Arava regional councîl (www.arava.co.il)
Regional councils in Israel
1977 establishments in Israel
Kabiru Ado Lakwaya, popularly known as Lakwaya, is a politician who is an Executive Council of Kano State member, and is serving as a Commissioner of Youth and Sports Development.
Early life
Kabiru Ado was born in Lakwaya Ward of Gwarzo local government area of Kano State.
Political career
Lakwaya was a students leader, they were the National Senate President of the National Association of Kano State Student (NAKSS) while they were an undergraduate at Usman Danfodio University Sokoto. Before their appointment as a Commissioner, Lakwaya was the Chairman of National Youth Council of Nigeria Kano State Branch.
Lakwaya contest for Kano State House of Assembly seat in 2019 Nigerian general elections under the flat form of All Progressive Congress APC where they step down for the incumbent member representing Gwarzo Constituency in the Kano State House of Assembly.
Lakwaya was appointed as the Commissioner of Kano State Ministry of Youth and Sports Development by Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje.
See also
Executive Council of Kano State
References
1975 births
21st-century Nigerian politicians
Living people
Politicians from Kano
Politicians from Kano State
Broadmoor is an unincorporated community in Saratoga Township, Marshall County, Illinois, United States. Broadmoor is located in the northwest corner of the county, southeast of Bradford.
References
Unincorporated communities in Marshall County, Illinois
Unincorporated communities in Illinois
Peoria metropolitan area, Illinois
Anthony Lemont Evans (born March 25, 1970) is an American college basketball coach and the former head men's basketball coach at Florida International. Prior to FIU, They served as the head coach at Norfolk State University.
Evans graduated from St. Thomas Aquinas College in 1994, where they had played guard for the men's basketball team.
Playing career
Evans played out their high school career at Bishop Loughlin High School in Brooklyn, NY. After graduating from Loughlin, they went on to attend Orange County CC in Middletown, NY where they were a two year stand out for the Colts during the 1989–1990 & 1990–1991 seasons. They currently are 4th on the SUNY Orange all-time scoring list with 1,182 points. In 2017, they were inducted into the Colt Athletic Hall of Fame. After two successful seasons, they transferred to St. Thomas Aquinas College. They served as a guard on the Spartans basketball team from 1991–1993, while earning their bachelor's degree in marketing.
Early coaching career
Orange County Community College
Anthony Evans began their coaching career at Orange County CC in Middletown, NY as an assistant from 1994–1997.
Ulster County Community College
Evans' first head coaching job was at Ulster County CC, in Kingston, NY. In the 2001 season, Evans led their squad to a 23–8 record and a runner-up finish in region XV and was named Region coach of the year.
Delhi Tech
From 2001–2003, Evans coached State University of New York at Delhi to a 62–8 record, including two Region III titles and appearances in the National Junior College Association Division III tournament. They were District I Coach of the Year twice, and Region III Coach of the Year in 2002. Their teams at Delhi garnered a No. 1 ranking at one point during both of their years there.
They coached a first-team All-American in 2002–03, and an honorable-mention All-American in 2001–02. Three of their former Delhi players played at Division I schools.
Norfolk State
2003–2007 seasons
In 2003, Evans joined the coaching staff at Norfolk State as an assistant coach. Their responsibilities included developing guards, scouting opponents and recruiting. Evans was instrumental in the recruitment of several of NSU's top players. Included among them was a pair of 1,000-point scorers and All-MEAC players, guards Tony Murphy and Corey Lyons. Murphy became the school's first three-time All-MEAC player and departed as the program's No. 7 all-time leading scorer.
Murphy and Lyons are just two of the players who have earned conference accolades during Evans' tenure at NSU. Murphy and fellow guard Michael Deloach were both two-time All-MEAC members during their careers. O'Quinn earned three all-conference designations during their career and also earned NABC All-District honors in 2010–11. Also in 2011–12, senior Chris McEachin was voted to the All-MEAC second team.
After four seasons as an assistant, Evans took over the head coaching job at Norfolk State.
2007–08 season
In 2007–08, their first at the helm of the program, Evans guided the Spartans to just their second Division I winning season. The Spartans compiled a 16–15 overall record and finished 11–5 in MEAC play, at the time their most successful regular-season finish since joining the league. NSU also tied for second in the regular-season standings, another high-water mark for the program. NSU advanced to the MEAC tournament semifinals before losing to eventual champion Coppin State. Evans capped their inaugural season by being named MEAC Co-Coach of the Year by CollegeInsider.com
2008–09 season
In 2008–09, NSU shook off a slow start to reach the cusp of its first-ever MEAC title. The Spartans rode an up-tempo offense and pressure defense to their first MEAC tournament championship game appearance. Despite falling to Morgan State in the tournament final, the Spartans served notice that they deserve to be mentioned among the conference's elite.
2009–2011 seasons
The 2009–10 Spartans finished the year at 9–7 in conference play. And in 2010–11, the Spartans advanced to the MEAC tournament semifinals for the third time in four seasons.
2011–12 season
The 26–10 campaign in 2011–12 now stands as the best record ever for NSU during the D-I years, as does the Spartans' 13–3 conference record. It marked the most overall wins since the 1994–95 season and the most conference victories since 1995–96. In addition, it kept alive NSU's streak of finishing .500 or better in conference play, a streak that began in 1991–92 and includes every year in the MEAC except for a first-season transitional year.
A senior-led squad defeated Howard, Florida A&M and then Bethune-Cookman, 73–70, at the 2012 MEAC Championship to capture the first-ever conference title for the men's program since moving into the MEAC and Division I in 1997. NSU was not done, though, as the No. 15 seed Spartans pulled off one of the biggest upsets ever in NCAA tournament history just six days later.
Facing No. 2 seed Missouri – a team several experts believed would advance to the Final Four and could have been a No. 1 seed – in a West Region matchup on March 16, NSU used its size advantage and a huge game from senior center Kyle O'Quinn to shock the Tigers and the nation in an 86–84 upset in the NCAA second round.
The Spartans became the fifth No. 15 seed (at the time) to defeat a No. 2 seed and the third MEAC school to accomplish the feat. No. 3-ranked Missouri became the highest ranked team to ever lose its first game of an NCAA tournament since the field expanded to 64. The victory over the Big 12 tournament champion Tigers was nominated for “Best Upset” at the 2012 ESPY Awards.
Later on in the summer of 2012, O'Quinn, an unheralded high school player from Queens, New York, whose only D-I scholarship offer was from NSU, was selected by the Orlando Magic with the 49th overall pick in the NBA Draft. No Spartan basketball player had been drafted since 1988, and no MEAC player had heard their name called either since 1998.
Evans won several awards. They were named the MEAC tournament's Most Outstanding Coach and!the Clarence “Big House” Gaines Award winner, given out by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association to the top minority basketball coach in Division I.
They also earned HBCU Coach of the Year honors from Boxtorow.com, and Virginia Sports Information Directors (VaSID) Coach of the Year accolades.
As a result of the team's success, Evans, who was in their 10th year overall on the Spartan coaching staff, was rewarded with a contract extension in June 2012 that will keep them with NSU through the 2016–17 season.
2012–13 season
Evans guided the Spartans to a 21–12 overall record, including a perfect 16–0 mark in MEAC play, but lost its conference tournament opener to Bethune-Cookman. By virtue of winning the conference regular season, Norfolk State earned a bid to the 2013 NIT where it faced Virginia in the opening round, losing 67–56.
FIU
On April 15, 2013, Evans accepted the job at Florida International, replacing Richard Pitino.
On April 2, 2018, FIU parted ways with Evans after five seasons.
Head coaching record
College
References
1970 births
Living people
American men's basketball coaches
Basketball coaches from New York (state)
Basketball players from New York City
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
FIU Panthers men's basketball coaches
Junior college men's basketball coaches in the United States
Norfolk State Spartans men's basketball coaches
Sportspeople from Brooklyn
State University of New York at Delhi faculty
St. Thomas Aquinas Spartans men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Bærums Skiklub is a Norwegian multi sports club founded in 1885. It has sections for cross-country skiing, alpine skiing, freestyle skiing, snowboarding, biathlon and orienteering.
Venues include Solbergbakken, Skuibakken and .
Notable club members
Notable club members include Nordic skiers Karl Hovelsen, Harald Økern, Olav Økern and Anne Jahren, alpine skiers Borghild Niskin, Inger Bjørnbakken, Toril Førland, Arild Holm, Finn Christian Jagge, Lasse Kjus and Hans Petter Buraas, Aleksander Aamodt Kilde, Lucas Braathen, Atle Lie McGrath and orienteering competitor Marit Økern Jensen.
Snowboarders and freestyle skiers include Christel Thoresen, Ståle Sandbech, Mons Røisland, Birk Ruud, Felix Stridsberg-Usterud, and Aleksander Østreng.
Biathletes such as Sturla Holm Lægreid, also originate from BSK.
References
Sport clubs established in 1885
Skiing in Norway
Ski jumping clubs in Norway
Orienteering clubs in Norway
1885 establishments in Norway
Pompeya may refer to:
Pompeii, a Roman town near Naples, Italy
Pompeya (band), a Russian band
Nueva Pompeya, a neighborhood of Buenos Aires, Argentina
Polyortha lyncurion is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Costa Rica.
References
Moths described in 1980
Polyortha
Moths of Central America
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Millard Airport may refer to:
Millard Airport (Nebraska) in Omaha, Nebraska, United States (FAA: MLE)
Millard Airport (Pennsylvania) in Annville, Pennsylvania, United States (FAA: 4PA0, formerly N76)
Nearly every major type of transportation serves Long Island, including three major airports, railroads and subways, and several major highways. The New York City Subway only serves the New York City boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens. There are historic and modern bridges, recreational and commuter trails, and ferries, that connect the boroughs of Queens and Brooklyn to Manhattan, the south shore with Fire Island and Long Island's north shore and east end with the state of Connecticut.
Air
Long Island is the location of three large airports with regularly scheduled commercial jet airline service. These are the John F. Kennedy International Airport and LaGuardia Airport, both in Queens County (in New York City), and the Long Island MacArthur Airport, (sometimes referred to as the "Islip Airport"), a smaller airport in Suffolk County. MacArthur is the only airport in Nassau or Suffolk counties with regularly scheduled commercial flights, handling about 2 million passengers a year. There are also general aviation airports on Long Island, such as Brookhaven Airport, East Hampton Airport, Francis S. Gabreski Airport, Montauk Airport, and Republic Airport as well as the grass strip equipped Bayport Aerodrome.
Travelers heading to or from Kennedy Airport may use AirTrain to connect with the Long Island Rail Road in Jamaica or the New York City Subway in Jamaica or Howard Beach.
Roads
The Long Island Expressway, Northern State Parkway, and Southern State Parkway, all products of the automobile-centered planning of Robert Moses, make east–west travel on the island straightforward, if not always quick. Indeed, locals refer to Long Island Expressway as "The World's Longest Parking Lot".
Bridges and tunnels
Until the completion of the Brooklyn Bridge in 1883, all travel to Long Island was by boat. The first trains to connect Long Island to Manhattan were elevated rail lines that travelled over that same bridge. The 7 train was the first and is the most notable of these elevated subway lines. There are currently ten road crossings out of Long Island: the Verrazzano-Narrows Bridge to Staten Island; the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel, Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Bridge, Williamsburg Bridge, Queens Midtown Tunnel, and Queensboro Bridge to Manhattan; the Triborough Bridge to either Manhattan or the Bronx via Wards Island; and the Whitestone Bridge and Throgs Neck Bridge to the Bronx.
All ten crossings are within New York City limits at the extreme western end of the island, making trips from Long Island to New England especially circuitous. Plans for a Long Island Sound crossing at various locations in Nassau and Suffolk Counties have been discussed for decades, but there are currently no firm plans to construct such a crossing.
In addition to the vehicular tunnels, there are eleven subway and railroad tunnels in Brooklyn and Queens crossing the East River. The most notable of these are the Northeast Corridor's East River Tunnels used by Amtrak and the Long Island Rail Road to connect to Pennsylvania Station in Manhattan. In addition, the proposed Cross-Harbor Rail Tunnel would greatly expand Long Island's access to the national freight rail system.
Bus service
The Nassau Inter-County Express provides bus transportation throughout Nassau County and the western portions of Suffolk County. This service was until the end of 2011 provided by the MTA as MTA Long Island Bus. Suffolk County Transit provides bus transportation throughout Suffolk County, except within the Town of Huntington, which is served by Huntington Area Rapid Transit.
All bus stops are in effect at all times unless otherwise indicated by signage.
Rail
The Long Island Rail Road is the second busiest commuter railroad system in North America, carrying in 2012 an average of 282,400 customers each weekday on 728 daily trains. It was once the largest commuter rail in the U.S. but following three successive years of declines was replaced at the close of 2012 by the Metro-North railroad that services areas north of New York City. Chartered on April 24, 1834, it is also the oldest railroad still operating under its original name. By the close of 2014, the LIRR commutation statistics had recovered to an average weekday ridership of 298,448 and an annual ridership of 85,868,246 achieved by December 31, 2014.
It is a publicly owned system, operated by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, under the name MTA Long Island Rail Road.
Ferries
Ferries provide service between Long Island and Connecticut, notably the Bridgeport & Port Jefferson Ferry between Port Jefferson, New York and Bridgeport, Connecticut, and the Cross Sound Ferry between Orient Point, New York and New London, Connecticut. Some of the ferries that cross Long Island Sound carry automobiles, trucks and buses, as well as passengers.
There are also the two ferries which serve Shelter Island (see New York State Route 114), a summer-only ferry between Block Island and Montauk, and a number of ferries serving Fire Island.
In February 2015, Mayor Bill de Blasio announced that the city government would begin NYC Ferry to extend ferry transportation to traditionally underserved communities in the city. The ferry opened in May 2017, with the Queens neighborhoods of Rockaway and Astoria served by their eponymous routes. A third route, the East River Ferry, serves various points in western Brooklyn as well as Hunter's Point South, Queens. A fourth route, the South Brooklyn route, serves South Brooklyn, Sunset Park, and Bay Ridge in Brooklyn. (For a more detailed list of ferries that connect the west end of Long Island, in the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens, to Manhattan see the List of ferries across the East River.)
Additionally, there are several water taxi services.
References
Antônio José da Silva Fagundes Filho (born 18 April 1949) is a Brazilian actor, playwright, voice actor, and producer. Renowned for their several performances in stage, film and television, where they frequently work in telenovelas.
Biography
Fagundes was born in the city of Rio de Janeiro but moved with their parents to São Paulo at the age of eight and has lived there for over 30 years. They discovered their gift for the theater from the setting of stage plays made in the Rio Branco School, where they studied. They debuted on television in 1969 on the soap opera Nenhum Homem é Deus, at TV Tupi. Fagundes began on Rede Globo in 1976, on the telenovela Saramandaia. They also served for several years as protagonist of the series Carga Pesada, from 1979 to 1981, and from 2003 to 2007. The actor has four children: one (Bruno Fagundes), with their ex-wife Mara Carvalho, the other three (Dinah Abujamra Fagundes, Antonio Fagundes Neto and Diana Fagundes Abujamra), fruits of their 15-year marriage to actor Clarisse Abujamra.
Career
Television
Stage
1964 - A ceia dos cardeais
1966 - Atlantic's queen
1969 - Hair (musical), by Gerome Ragni and James Rado
1969 - "O Cão Siamês"
Arena canta Tiradentes, by Augusto Boal and Gianfrancesco Guarnieri
Feira paulista de opinião
A resistível ascensão de Arturo Ui
Castro Alves pede passagem
1975 - "Muro de Arrimo", Antonio Abujamra
1980 - Pelo telefone
1981 - "O Homem Elefante", de Bernard Pomerance
1982 - "Morte Acidental de um Anarquista", by Dario Fo
1983 - "Xandu Quaresma", de Chico de Assis
1985 - Cyrano de Bergerac, by Edmond Rostand, direction of Flavio Rangel
1986 - Carmen com filtro, direção de Gerald Thomas
1988 - Fragmentos de um discurso amoroso, de Roland Brthes, direction de Ulisses Cruz
1989 - "O País dos Elefantes", de Louis Charles Sirjacq
1990 - "Muro de Arrimo"
1990 - "História do Soldado", de Gerome Ragni e James Rado
1992 - Macbeth
1994 - Vida privada, de Mara Carvalho
1996 - Oleanna, by David Mamet
1999 - Últimas luas, by Furio Bordon, direction of Jorge Takla
2002 - Sete minutos, of their authorship, direction of Bibi Ferreira
2005 - As Mulheres da Minha Vida
2008 - Restos
2012 - " Vermelho ", by John Logan, direction of Jorge Takla (w/Bruno Fagundes)
Film
1967 - Sandra, Sandra
1969 - A Compadecida
1971 - Eterna Esperança
1975 - A Noite das Fêmeas
1975 - Eu Faço... Elas Sentem
1976 - Elas São do Baralho
1977 - Vida Vida
1978 - A Noite dos Duros
1978 - Doramundo
1979 - O Menino Arco-Íris ... proprietário do casebre
1979 - Gaijin – Os Caminhos da Liberdade
1980 - Os Sete Gatinhos
1981 - Pra Frente, Brasil
1982 - Tchau, Amor
1982 - As Aventuras de Mário Fofoca
1982 - Das Tripas Coração
1982 - Carícias Eróticas
1983 - A Próxima Vítima
1983 - O Menino Arco-Íris
1985 - Jogo Duro
1986 - Besame Mucho
1986 - Anjos da Noite
1987 - Eternamente Pagú
1987 - A Dama do Cine Shanghai
1987 - Leila Diniz
1988 - Barbosa
1989 - O Corpo
1992 - Beijo 2348/72
1993 - Era Uma Vez no Tibet
1996 - Doces Poderes
1998 - Uma História de Futebol
1998 - Fica Comigo
1999 - No Coração dos Deuses
1999 - O Tronco
1999 - Paixão Perdida
2000 - The Grinch (voice acting)
2000 - Bossa nova
2000 - Villa-Lobos - Uma Vida de Paixão
2003 - Sete Minutos
2003 - Deus É Brasileiro
2004 - A Dona da História
2005 - La Marche de l'Empereur (voice acting)
2005 - Achados e Perdidos
2013 - Quando Eu Era Vivo
2014 - Alemão
Awards and nominations
1985 - Molière Award, the best drama actor for Cyrano de Bergerac.
1988 - Rio Cine Festival, Best Actor (film) by The Lady from the Shanghai Cinema
1988 - Molière Award, the best drama actor for Fragments of a Loving Speech.
1991 - Press Trophy, the best TV actor for The World Owner.
1992 - Festival Internacional del Cine (Cartagena de las Indias), best film actor for The Body.
1993 - APCA Trophy, the best TV actor for Renascer.
1993 - Press Trophy, the best TV actor for Renascer.
1997 - Contigo Award! - Best TV actor for For Love '.
1999 - Award of the Culture House in Rome theater
1999 - Brazil Quality Award, Best Actor of theater and television for the body of work.
1999 - APCA Trophy, the best drama actor for Latest Luas.
2000 - Trophy Super Cap de Ouro, TV Terra Nostra.
2001 - Quality Award Brazil, RJ - the best TV actor for Porto dos Milagres.
2001 - Quality Award Brazil, SP - the best TV actor for Porto dos Milagres.
2001 - Best of the Year, Domingão Faustão - the best TV actor for Porto dos Milagres.
2001 - Contigo Award! - Best TV actor for Porto dos Milagres.
2008 - Quality Award Brazil - the best TV actor for Two Faces.
2008 - Trophy Super Cap de Ouro, TV Two Faces.
2012 - Award Applause Brazil Theatre - Best Actor for "Red"
References
External links
1949 births
Living people
Male actors from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian male film actors
Brazilian male telenovela actors
Brazilian male stage actors
Brazilian agnostics
Erich Schmidt (20 June 1853, in Jena – 29 April 1913, in Berlin) was a German historian of literature.
Biography
They were the son of a zoologist Oskar Schmidt. They studied Germanic philology and literary history at Graz, Jena, and Strassburg, established themselves as privatdozent at Würzburg in 1875, became a professor at Strassburg in 1877, at Vienna in 1880, and director of the Goethe archive at Weimar in 1885. Thence they were called to Berlin in 1887, to succeed Wilhelm Scherer in the chair of German language and literature. From 1907 onward, they served as president of the Goethe Society.
Published works
Devoted almost exclusively to the investigation of modern literature, being the distinguished author of works involving writers and German literature of the 18th and 19th century, they published:
Richardson, Rousseau, und Goethe (1875) – Samuel Richardson, Jean-Jacques Rousseau and Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
Lenz und Klinger (1878) – Jakob Michael Reinhold Lenz, Friedrich Maximilian Klinger.
Heinrich Leopold Wagner (1879) – Heinrich Leopold Wagner.
Beiträge zur Kenntnis der Klopstockschen Jugendlyrik (1880).
Komödien vom Studentenleben aus dem sechzehnten und siebzehnten Jahrhundert. Vortrag gehalten auf der Trier Philologenversammlung. Leipzig 1880. (Digitalisat)
Charakteristiken (1st series 1880; 2d series 1900).
A biography of Gotthold Ephraim Lessing, titled Lessing: Geschichte seines Lebens und seiner Schriften (2d edition 1899).
They edited:
Two volumes of the Schriften der Goethe-Gesellschaft (Weimar, 1886 and 1893)
Faust, for the Weimar edition
Goethe's Faust in ursprünglicher Gestalt (Goethe's Faust in its original form; 3rd edition, 1894) which was discovered by them in Dresden.
Notes
References
1853 births
1913 deaths
Writers from Jena
People from Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach
19th-century German historians
German literary historians
German male non-fiction writers
University of Graz alumni
University of Jena alumni
University of Strasbourg alumni
University of Strasbourg faculty
University of Vienna faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
Members of the Prussian Academy of Sciences
20th-century German historians
The Mangral (alternately Mahngral, "Mungral", Mangarpal, ) is a Rajput caste, some of whom were the historical founders and rulers of kotli and poonch. Their ancestor Raja Mangar Pal was the founder of the city of Nangi in modern Azad Kashmir. The Mangrals ruled Kotli State until 1815, and ruled Poonch State until 1819, following which both of these states were incorporated into the state of Jammu.
References
Sources
A Hand Book on Azad Jammu & Kashmir, Pirzada Irshad Ahmad. Nawab Sons Publication, 2003
Punjabi tribes
Social groups of Pakistan
Tribes of Rawalpindi District
Blitz and Pieces is a museum in Scratby in Great Yarmouth, England, owned and operated by Darren Stride. Based on the British Home Front during World War II and the BBC comedy Dad's Army, the museum is housed in a 1940s prefabricated building, a 1930s wooden military hut and a variety of large sheds. In 2014 the museum was a finalist in Channel 4's George Clarke's Amazing Spaces: Shed of the Year series. The museum is open to the public by appointment.
Origins of the museum
Stride's interest in the 1940s began as a small boy when they watched repeats of the BBC comedy Dad's Army with their late grandfather, John Fenton, who had served as a private in the real Queen's Own Royal West Kent Regiment during World War II, the regiment that the Home Guard platoon in Dad's Army was based on. Before their death in 2001 they gave their grandson their service medals, which started the collection.
Many of the items in the collection were donated by members of the public or by visitors to the museum. The display in the period chemist's shop was acquired from the Yesterday's World attraction in Great Yarmouth following its closure in 2014.
Blitz Street
The museum is housed along 'Blitz Street', and is based on the British Home Front during World War II; it features two period shops including a chemist's and a grocer's, a fully equipped 1940s kitchen and living room, an Anderson shelter complete with contents, a display of World War II uniforms, helmets and other artifacts, and a reconstruction of Captain Mainwaring's church hall office from Dad's Army.
Captain Mainwaring's office is housed in a 1930s beach hut requisitioned by the military during World War II and features several authentic Home Guard uniforms, a screen-used uniform and webbing from Dad's Army, a collection of Dad's Army memorabilia including original props such as half of the string used during filming of The Deadly Attachment. This was donated by David Croft; the other half is in the collection of Jimmy Perry.
In 2014 Blitz and Pieces was a finalist in Cuprinol's 'Shed of the Year' competition, broadcast by Channel 4.
Gallery
References
External links
Blitz and Pieces Official Website
Dad's Army
Great Yarmouth
Museums in Norfolk
History museums in Norfolk
Tourist attractions in Norfolk
World War II museums in the United Kingdom
Ieng Sary (; 24 October 1925 – 14 March 2013) was a Cambodian politician who was the co-founder and senior member of the Khmer Rouge. They were a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Kampuchea led by Pol Pot and served in the 1975–79 government of Democratic Kampuchea as foreign minister and deputy prime minister. They were known as "Brother Number Three" as they were third in command after Pol Pot and Nuon Chea. Their wife, Ieng Thirith (née Khieu), served in the Khmer Rouge government as social affairs minister. Ieng Sary was arrested in 2007 and was charged with crimes against humanity but died of heart failure before the case against them could be brought to a verdict.
Early years
Sary was born in Nhan Hoa village, which is located in the subdistrict of Luong Hoa (known as Loeung Va in Khmer), Châu Thành District, Trà Vinh Province, southern Vietnam in 1925. Their father, Kim Riem was a Khmer Krom while their mother Tran Thi Loi was both Chinese and Vietnamese mix as confirmed by the Cambodian Tribunal who moved back to Vietnam with their parents when they were a little girl. Sary changed their name from the Vietnamese Kim Trang when they joined the Khmer Rouge. They were the brother-in-law by marriage of the Khmer Rouge leader Pol Pot (real name: Saloth Sar). Sary and Saloth Sar studied at Phnom Penh's Lycée Sisowath where their future wives, the sisters Khieu Thirith and Khieu Ponnary also studied. Before leaving Cambodia to study in Paris, Sary was engaged to Khieu Thirith.
Sary and Saloth Sar also studied together in Paris. Whilst there, Sary rented an apartment in the Latin Quarter, a hotbed of student radicalism. They and Saloth Sar met with French communist intellectuals, and formed their own cell of Cambodian communists.
Sary and Khieu Thirith married in the town hall of Paris' 15th arrondissement in the winter of 1951. Thirith took their husband's name, becoming Ieng Thirith.
Mid-life
After returning to Cambodia, they were inducted into the Central Committee of the Workers Party of Kampuchea in September 1960.
After the fall of the Khmer Republic on 17 April 1975, Sary made personal appeals to expatriates to help rebuild Cambodia. However, when they returned to Cambodia, they were arrested on arrival, and thrown into brutal detention centers. They took the nickname "Brother number 3" and, as head of diplomacy, they would be the only dignitary not to cultivate their secret identity.
They welcomed foreign visitors and was also responsible for purges and arrests in the government's ministries. At the end of 1977, before the United Nations, they rejected accusations from Cambodian refugees who wanted to open a discussion with the Khmer Rouge government. Together with Pol Pot, Ieng Sary was sentenced to death in-absentia by the People's Revolutionary Tribunal after the Democratic Khmer regime of Khmer Rouge was overthrown by Vietnam in 1979.
King Norodom Sihanouk officially pardoned Ieng Sary in 1996 after their defection from Pol Pot. They were the founder of the Democratic National Union Movement, a split from the Cambodian National Unity Party.
Arrest and trial
Ieng Sary, reportedly living in "an opulent Phnom Penh villa surrounded by security guards and barbed wire" was arrested on 12 November 2007 in Phnom Penh on an arrest warrant from the Cambodia Tribunal for war crimes and crimes against humanity. Their wife, Ieng Thirith, was also arrested for crimes against humanity.
On 16 December 2009, the tribunal officially charged them with genocide for their involvement with the subjugation and murder of Vietnamese and Muslim minorities in Cambodia.
Death
Sary died in Phnom Penh on 14 March 2013 at the age of 87, before the case against them could be brought to a verdict. They had heart problems for years as well as other ailments. They were taken from their holding cell at the special tribunal to a hospital on 4 March 2013 for what their lawyers said were gastrointestinal problems. Sary's body was transported to their home in Banteay Meanchey province. The body lay for seven days before being cremated. At the time of their death, Sary was on trial for their involvement in the Khmer Rouge. Elisabeth Simonneau Fort, a lawyer for the victims, said "For the victims, this death narrows the scope of the trial and limits their search for truth and justice".
See also
Cambodian genocide
Cambodian Civil War
References
External links
|-
1925 births
2013 deaths
20th-century Cambodian politicians
Cambodian criminals
Cambodian revolutionaries
Cambodian communists
Cambodian socialists
Cambodian politicians of Chinese descent
Cambodian people of Vietnamese descent
Vietnamese people of Cambodian descent
Vietnamese people of Chinese descent
Cambodian expatriates in France
Cambodian prisoners and detainees
Communist Party of Kampuchea politicians
Deputy Prime Ministers of Cambodia
Foreign ministers of Cambodia
Hoa people
Cold War diplomats
Khmer Krom people
Khmer Rouge party members
French Communist Party members
People indicted by the Khmer Rouge Tribunal
People from Trà Vinh province
Prisoners and detainees of Cambodia
Sciences Po alumni
Lewis Devisme (25 September 1720 – 4 September 1776 Stockholm, Sweden) was a British diplomat.
Family
Christened on 7 October 1720 at the French Huguenot Church of St Martin Orgar in Martin Lane, Cannon Street, London, Lewis Devisme was the fourth child and third son of Philippe de Visme, a successful City merchant, by Marianne de la Mejanelle their wife. Ostensibly, they appear to have been named after their godfather, Louis Ragueneau de la Chainaye, but their father may have had their own uncle, Louis de Visme of Gouy L'Hopital in Picardy, at the forefront of their mind when they came to think of a name for their new son.
Lewis's father Philippe was a Huguenot refugee who had been born in Gouy L'Hopital in September 1687, third son of Pierre de Visme and Marie Le Roy. They emigrated to London at some time before their naturalisation by Oath Roll in January 1710, perhaps being joined by their elder brother, Pierre or Peter de Visme, shortly before the latter was naturalised by an Act of Parliament in July 1717. Philippe was married by special licence at the Spring Gardens Chapel in the Strand on 26 July 1716, and together Philippe and Marianne had a total of 13 children.
Living initially in the parish of St Lawrence Jewry, the brothers Peter and Philip Devisme later moved to the parish of St Mary Aldermary in the vicinity of Bow Lane off Cheapside at the back of St Paul's Cathedral, before moving to the parish of St Bartholomew-by-the-Exchange where Philippe had offices in Throgmorton Street. Although granted the Freedom of the City of London in October 1728, they later took up residence at Clapham, where they died on 16 October 1756. The registers of Holy Trinity Church there prove that one 'Philip Devisme of this parish' was buried in its churchyard on 25 October 1756. Their widow Marianne survived them until their own death at Clapham on 16 February 1779.
Career
De Visme was educated at Westminster School in London before entering Christ Church, Oxford, where they graduated as Bachelor of Arts in 1743 and Master of Arts in 1746. Ordained as a Deacon, they later abandoned their career in the clergy in favour of Them Majesty's Diplomatic Service.
In 1763 De Visme was appointed Secretary to the British Embassy at St Petersburg, Russia, followed by an appointment as Minister Plenipotentiary to the Elector of Bavaria. They represented Britain at the Diet of Ratisbon from 1769 until their assignment to the Swedish Court in 1773, where they ranked as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Stockholm.
Lewis De Visme died in Stockholm on 4 September 1776, after a 'few days illness.' The London Gazette noted that Devisme was: "...greatly lamented, having during their Residence here gained the Esteem of all Ranks of People."
References
1720 births
1776 deaths
Ambassadors of Great Britain to Sweden
The Dauphiné Prealps (Préalpes du Dauphiné in French) are a mountain range in the south-western part of the Alps. They are located in Rhône-Alpes and, marginally, in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (south-eastern France). Dauphiné Prealps are the central section of the French Prealps.
Etymology
The Dauphiné () is a historical region whose area roughly corresponded to that of the present departments of :Isère, :Drôme, and :Hautes-Alpes.
Geography
Administratively the French part of the range belongs to the French departments of Isère, Drôme, Hautes-Alpes and, marginally, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence.
The whole range is drained by the Rhone river.
SOIUSA classification
According to SOIUSA (International Standardized Mountain Subdivision of the Alps) the mountain range is an Alpine section, classified in the following way:
Main part = Western Alps
Major sector = South Western Alps
Section = Dauphiné Prealps
Code = I/A-6
Borders
Dauphiné Prealps' borders are (anticlockwise):
Isère (north);
Drac, Col Bayard - which connects them with Dauphiné Alps - and Durance (east)
Buëch, Col de Macuègne - which connects them with Provence Alps and prealps - and Toulourenc river (south);
Rhone and Isère valleys (west).
Subdivision
The Dauphiné Prealps are divided into five Alpine subsections:
Dévoluy Mountains - SOIUSA code:I/A-6.I;
Massif Céüse-Aujour - SOIUSA code:I/A-6.II;
Massif du Vercors - SOIUSA code:I/A-6.III;
Massif du Diois - SOIUSA code:I/A-6.IV;
Massif des Baronnies - SOIUSA code:I/A-6.V.
Notable summits
Some notable summits of the range are:
Notable passes
Some notable passes of the range are:
References
Maps
French official cartography (Institut Géographique National - IGN); on-line version: www.geoportail.fr
In macroeconomics, discretionary policy is an economic policy based on the ad hoc judgment of policymakers as opposed to policy set by predetermined rules. For instance, a central banker could make decisions on interest rates on a case-by-case basis instead of allowing a set rule, such as Friedman's k-percent rule, an inflation target following the Taylor rule, or a nominal income target to determine interest rates or the money supply. In practice, most policy actions are discretionary in nature.
"Discretionary policy" can refer to decision making in both monetary policy and fiscal policy. The opposite is a commitment policy.
Arguments against
Monetarist economists in particular have been opponents of the use of discretionary policy. According to Milton Friedman, the dynamics of change associated with the passage of time presents a timing problem for public policy. The reason this poses a problem is because a long and variable time lag exists between:
the need for action and the recognition of that need;
the recognition of a problem and the design and implementation of a policy response; and
the implementation of the policy and the effect of the policy.
It is because of these lags that Friedman argues that discretionary public policy will often be destabilizing. For this reason, they argued the case for general rules rather than discretionary policy.
Friedman formalized their argument in the context of monetary policy as follows. The quantity equation says that
where M is the money supply, V is the velocity of money, and Y is nominal GDP. Expressing this in growth rates gives
where m, v, and y are the growth rates of the money supply, velocity and nominal GDP respectively. Suppose that the policymaker wishes for the variance of nominal GDP to be as low as possible—that is, it defines a stabilizing approach to monetary policy as one which decreases nominal GDP variance. From the last equation we have
where refers to the standard deviation (square root of the variance) of the subscripted variable and refers to the correlation coefficient between the subscripted variables. With no use of discretionary policy or any rule giving fluctuations of the money supply, will equal zero and the target variance will simply be the exogenous variance of velocity, With the use of discretionary policy, on the other hand, all standard deviations in the above equation will be positive, and discretionary policy will have been stabilizing if and only if —that is, if and only if
Thus the monetary authority would have to be sufficiently astute in its policy timing, in trying to counteract anticipated fluctuations in velocity, that the correlation of its money supply changes with velocity changes is not merely negative, but sufficiently negative to overcome the inherently GDP-variance-magnifying effects of money supply variation. Friedman believed that this condition for discretionary policy to be stabilizing is unlikely to be fulfilled in practice, because of the timing problems discussed above.
A related issue is the probable existence of multiplier uncertainty—imperfect knowledge of the overall ultimate effect of a policy action of a given size. Generally multiplier uncertainty calls for more caution and the use of quantitatively smaller policy actions.
Arguments for
Proponents of the use of discretionary policy, including in particular Keynesians, argue that our understanding of the workings of the economy is sufficiently astute, and the accessibility of detailed real-time economic data to policymakers is sufficiently great, that in practice discretionary policy has been stabilizing. For example, it is widely believed that the extreme expansion of the monetary base by the U.S. Federal Reserve and other central banks prevented the Great Recession of the 2000s decade from becoming a full-blown depression.
References
Monetary policy
Fiscal policy
Beyond Coma and Despair is the third album by Indonesian metal band Burgerkill, released in 2006. The album was also released in Australia two years later. This is the band's last album to feature Ivan Scumbag on lead vocals before their death in July 2006. Two music videos were produced for "Shadow of Sorrow" and "Angkuh". Rolling Stone Indonesia magazine ranked the album No. 113 on their "150 Greatest Indonesian Albums of All Time" list.
Background
Burgerkill began to work on Beyond Coma and Despair in early 2005, where at the same time, Toto left the band after nine years together as drummer to pursue their career outside the band. They were replaced by Andris, who at that time was playing bass, and did double-duty during recording. Recording was completed by with studio production between March-. This coincided with the end of their collaboration with Sony Music Indonesia due to no agreement by both parties regarding the album materials. the band released the album through own Revolt! Records label in . A few weeks before the album was released, Ivan Firmansyah, known as "Ivan Scumbag", died. The album launch continued with Teguh ("Right 88") and Yadi ("Motordead") temporarily filling-in. During this period, Ramdan joined the band on bass guitar and Vicky joined through an audition to be vocalist. "Beyond Coma and Despair" consists of 12 songs including 1 cover song "Atur Aku" of "Puppen", written by Robin Malau and Arian Arifin known as "Arian 13" ("Seringai").
A limited vinyl run of the album was released on in Bandung.
Track listing
The tracks titled in Bahasa were translated literally into English for Global observer. All songs arrangements, composed by Eben, Agung and Ivan Scumbag. except those listed.
Line-up
Burgerkill
Ivan Scumbag – vocals
Andris – drums, bass
Agung – guitar
Eben – lead guitar
Production
Yayat Ahdiyat – producer
Eben BKHC – artwork
Additional musicians
Ramdan – session bass, tour bassist
Vicky – tour vocals
Achan – tour lead guitar, scream vocal
Yadi - tour vocal
Teguh - tour vocal
References
External links
2006 albums
Burgerkill albums
Robert Scade "Scotty" Rankine (January 6, 1909 – January 10, 1995) was a Canadian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics.
They were born in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and died in Wasaga Beach, Ontario.
In 1932 they finished eleventh in the Olympic 5000 metre event.
Four years later they were eliminated in the first round of the 5000 metre competition and they did not finish the 10000 metre contest at the 1936 Games.
At the 1934 Empire Games they won the silver medal in the 6 miles event and finished fourth in the 3 miles competition. They won again the silver medal in the 6 miles contest and also a bronze medal in the 3 miles event at the 1938 Empire Games.
External links
sports-reference.com
1909 births
1995 deaths
Sportspeople from Hamilton, South Lanarkshire
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Canadian male long-distance runners
Olympic track and field athletes of Canada
Athletes (track and field) at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1936 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1934 British Empire Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1938 British Empire Games
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Canada
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
The brown parrotbill (Cholornis unicolor) is a parrotbill found in the central and eastern Himalayas. It is also known as the brown suthora. This is a long grey-brown bird with a long tail and a characteristic small, yellowish, parrot-like bill. A dark stripe runs above the eyes and along the sides of the crown. The bird moves in small groups and will sometimes join mixed species foraging flocks. It is found in Bhutan, China, India, Myanmar, and Nepal.
Originally described by Brian Houghton Hodgson in the genus Hemirhynchus, this species was later moved to the genus Heteromorpha. It is now usually treated as a member of the family Paradoxornithidae, where its closest relative is the three-toed parrotbill. Subspecies canaster, described by Thayer and Bangs in 1912 from Hsikang, and saturatior, described by Rothschild in 1921 from Yunnan, are generally not considered valid.
References
Robson, C. (2007). Family Paradoxornithidae (Parrotbills) pp. 292 – 321 in; del Hoyo, J., Elliott, A. & Christie, D.A. eds. Handbook of the Birds of the World, Vol. 12. Picathartes to Tits and Chickadees. Lynx Edicions, Barcelona.
brown parrotbill
brown parrotbill
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of China
Birds of Yunnan
brown parrotbill
brown parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Marinicauda is a genus of bacteria from the family of Maricaulaceae.
References
Bacteria genera
Caulobacterales
Zulm Ka Badla is a 1985 Hindi Bollywood crime action film, directed by K. Prasad and produced by Swaran Singh Kanwar. The film was released in 1985 under the banner of Swarn Films.
Cast
Rakesh Roshan as Inspector Anil Verma
Anita Raj as Geeta Verma / Mrs. D'Sa
Danny Denzongpa as Bunty / Shambhu
Shakti Kapoor as Jagdish Kumar "J.K." / Sangram Singh (Double Role)
Jagdish Raj as Inspector / DIG Verma
Chandrashekhar as Colonel Rajesh
Dinesh Hingoo
Manik Irani
Jagdeep
Rajan Haksar as Pinto
Soundtrack
References
External links
1985 films
1980s Hindi-language films
Indian action films
Indian films about revenge
1985 action films
Hindi-language action films
Pedro Manuel Mendes Ribeiro (born 25 January 1983 in Paredes, Porto District) is a Portuguese former professional footballer who played as a central defender.
References
External links
National team data
1983 births
Living people
People from Paredes, Portugal
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
FC Porto B players
FC Porto players
F.C. Marco players
Gil Vicente F.C. players
C.D. Trofense players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
F.C. Penafiel players
Girabola players
C.R.D. Libolo players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portugal under-21 international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Angola
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Angola
Sportspeople from Porto District
Westmount Summit () is the summit of one of the three peaks of Mount Royal (along with Mount Royal proper and Outremont) located in the City of Westmount, Quebec, Canada. Part of the geographical summit is located adjacent to the Montreal borough of Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce.
The summit is approximately above sea-level. The park occupies approximately of land at the summit, making it the largest park in Westmount.
A lookout is located on its southern face, providing views over Westmount, Montreal, the south shore and the Eastern Townships. Saint Joseph's Oratory is on the northern side, on Queen Mary Road in Côte-des-Neiges.
Summit woods
McGill University owned the land on Westmount Summit in the late nineteenth century, which it used for a botanical garden. In the early twentieth century, McGill donated the land to the City of Westmount on the condition that it become a bird sanctuary. Today, there are about 180 species of bird on Westmount Summit.
There are also many species of wild plant and flowers located in the summit woods.
The summit woods are bordered on all sides by Summit Circle, a notable residential portion of Westmount.
References
Westmount, Quebec
Mount Royal
Parks in Montreal
Bird sanctuaries of Canada
Mountains of Quebec under 1000 metres
Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce
The Siemens Charger is a family of diesel-electric passenger locomotives designed and manufactured by Siemens Mobility for the North American market.
There are five variants of the Charger: the SC-44 for Amtrak state-supported inter-city services and commuter rail systems, the SCB-40 for Brightline inter-city service, the SCV-42 for VIA Rail inter-city service, the ALC-42 for Amtrak long-distance service, and the ALC-42E for Amtrak inter-city service.
The first production SC-44 was unveiled on March 26, 2016, and entered revenue service on August 24, 2017, followed by the SCB-40, which inaugurated Brightline service on January 13, 2018. The first ALC-42 was delivered to Amtrak on June 17, 2021 and entered revenue service on February 8, 2022 on the Empire Builder.
Design
The Charger is powered by a Cummins 16-cylinder QSK95 4-stroke high speed diesel engine, which meets EPA Tier IV emissions standards that took effect in 2015. Power output varies by model: the SCB-40 produces , the SC-44 produces , and both the SCV-42 and ALC-42 produce . The maximum speed in service is .
The locomotive shares much of its overall design with the Siemens Vectron diesel and electric locomotives used in Europe and the Siemens ACS-64 electric locomotive built for Amtrak.
Four Insulated-gate bipolar transistor (IGBT) power inverters carry electric current to each of the four AC traction motors. A static inverter off of the main prime mover supplies head-end power (HEP). The locomotive also features dynamic braking with regenerative capability, allowing the locomotive to divert power generated by dynamic braking away from the resistor grids to HEP and onboard locomotive auxiliary power demands.
In response to a 2013 Request for Information from Metro-North Railroad, Siemens said they would be capable of producing a dual-mode variant of the Charger with onboard energy storage for use by Metro-North and the Long Island Rail Road, as well as intercity service on Amtrak's Empire Corridor.
California's SC-44s have aerodynamic "spoilers" on the rear of their roofs that match the height of bi-level California and Surfliner cars.
Service history
The first production SC-44 unit was unveiled on March 26, 2016. The first two Charger locomotives to leave Siemens' factory in Florin, California were transported to the Transportation Technology Center (TTC) in Pueblo, Colorado in June 2016 and underwent testing of performance metrics such as acceleration and braking. The first Brightline SCB-40 locomotives were delivered in December 2016 to undergo testing in Florida.
In February 2017, Amtrak and WSDOT began testing one of the Midwest-bound locomotives for federal certification along the Cascades corridor in the Pacific Northwest. Test runs were conducted on the Midwest and Northern California routes in April and May. Testing at up to at TTCI, on the corridors, and on the Northeast Corridor in September 2016 resulted in a federal certification for operations.
Revenue testing on the Capitol Corridor and San Joaquins routes in Northern California began on May 25, 2017. During these tests, the trains operated with a second locomotive in case of failure. The Northern California units were formally accepted and approved for solo service on October 23, 2017. The SC-44 entered revenue testing on the Midwest routes in July 2017, with solo revenue service beginning on a Hiawatha Service train on August 24, 2017. Revenue service on the Cascades route began in November 2017.
On December 18, 2017, Washington state SC-44 #1402 was wrecked in a derailment of a Cascades train on the Point Defiance Bypass.
Brightline began revenue operations with its SCB-40 locomotives on January 13, 2018. The first Chargers for MARC began testing that month, and revenue service began on April 5, 2018. Pre-revenue testing began on the Pacific Surfliner in October 2018; revenue service began later that year.
The first ALC-42 for Amtrak's long distance trains was put into service on the westbound Empire Builder on February 8, 2022 after extensive testing in the Midwest and on the Empire Builder route. Of the 2 units on the inaugural service, one was Amtrak's "Day One" heritage unit #301.
Customers
Altamont Corridor Express
California regional commuter line Altamont Corridor Express ordered four SC-44 locomotives in April 2018, with deliveries beginning in December 2019. They entered revenue service in 2020.
Amtrak
On December 21, 2018, Amtrak ordered 75 ALC-42 locomotives with options for additional 100. The first locomotive was expected to enter service in 2021 with the last by 2024.
Compared with the SC-44, changes were made to the ALC-42 to make it more suitable for long-distance service: additional positive train control systems for nationwide service, a larger diesel fuel tank (instead of ), a larger diesel exhaust fluid tank, a larger sand tank, a more powerful 1,000-kilowatt head-end power generator (instead of 600 kw), an extended nose section with remodeled headlights for ease of repair in the event of minor front-end collision, and a prime mover de-rated to to lengthen maintenance intervals.
Assembly of the first ALC-42 began in March 2020. On August 5, 2020, Amtrak announced that one of the first six locomotives will be painted in a replica of the "Day 1" livery to commemorate 50 years of Amtrak service, while the other five will feature a preliminary "Phase VI" paint scheme. The remainder of the fleet will introduce a new "Phase VII" livery. By February 2021, 12 units had begun production, with the first locomotive, AMTK 300, delivered to Amtrak on June 17. The first ALC-42 locomotives entered revenue service on the Empire Builder on February 8, 2022. On the same day, Amtrak announced that they had ordered an additional 50 ALC-42s, bringing the total number of locomotives ordered to 125.
Amtrak Northeast Corridor
Amtrak plans to purchase at least 65 ALC-42E locomotives as part of its intercity trainset order with Siemens. These trainsets will be used on routes that operate on the Northeast Corridor.
Each ALC-42E will be paired with one of two types of passenger trailer cars with specialized functions: the Auxiliary Power Vehicle or battery car.
The Auxiliary Power Vehicle will contain a pantograph, transformers and a powered truck. In electrified territory, the APV will draw power from overhead lines, which will be fed to the powered truck and the traction motors in the locomotive. Outside of electrified territory, the ALC-42E will function like a typical diesel–electric locomotive. This combination will replace the use of Amtrak's existing Siemens ACS-64 electric locomotives on corridor trains that continue off the Northeast Corridor.
The battery cars will supply electricity to traction motors in the locomotive when operating around New York Penn Station, eliminating the need for third rail propulsion. This combination will replace Amtrak's existing GE Genesis P32AC-DM dual mode (third rail electric and diesel–electric) locomotives.
Amtrak state-supported corridors
The Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT), in conjunction with its counterparts in California, Michigan, Missouri and Washington, purchased 32 SC-44 locomotives for state-supported corridor services, operated by Amtrak under contract.
The $225 million order placed in March 2014 included options for an additional 75 corridor-configured locomotives In 2015, IDOT ordered 12 additional units for use on the upgraded Lincoln Service corridor. California ordered 14 additional units in November 2015 for use on the Pacific Surfliner beginning in 2018, plus two more units in 2016 for the Northern California services. Washington state ordered an additional unit to replace the one lost in the 2017 Point Defiant Bypass derailment.
A total of 64 locomotives (32 base and 32 options) were ordered for Amtrak state corridors in this contract: 22 for California, 9 for Washington state, and 33 for the Midwest states. Another 8 options were exercised by MARC, bringing total contract orders to 72.
Brightline
In September 2014, Brightline purchased ten SCB-40 locomotives with options for an additional eleven. The locomotives are used in pairs, bookending four passenger cars (expandable to seven) on Brightline's Miami–West Palm Beach service. The SCB-40s have a streamlined front end that conceals the front coupler behind a removable nose cone and produce a maximum of instead of the on the SC-44. Brightline later ordered five additional trainsets and one extra locomotive (eleven locomotives total) for use on the extension to Orlando, with delivery between September 2021 and 2023.
Coaster
In June 2018, the North County Transit District Board of Directors approved the purchase of five SC-44s for its San Diego-area Coaster commuter rail service, replacing five older F40PH locomotives. Deliveries began in August 2020 and are expected to conclude in the spring of 2021. Two additional units were approved in June 2019, and another two in September. These additional locomotives will replace two existing F59PHI locomotives and allow increased service levels. The first five locomotives entered revenue service on February 8, 2021.
Exo
In January 2022, Montreal's Exo ordered 10 Siemens Chargers to update the fleet. They are planned to replace the aging F59PH locomotives.
MARC
MARC announced in August 2015 that it was seeking $58 million to purchase eight locomotives to replace their aging electric powered AEM-7 units, with deliveries planned for late 2017. The purchase was approved by the Maryland Board of Public Works on September 16, 2015. The MARC order uses part of the Amtrak state-corridor options. The first MARC Charger was shipped from the Siemens factory in early December 2017, and began testing in mid-January 2018.
Metro-North Railroad (New York)
In December 2020, New York's Metropolitan Transportation Authority approved a Federal Transit Administration-funded $335 million contract for 27 dual-mode locomotives based on the Charger design. The new locomotives will replace the 27 existing GE Genesis locomotives used on the Metro-North Railroad's Hudson Line, Harlem Line, and Danbury Branch; they will use third rail electric power to enter Grand Central Terminal. The first 19 locomotives are scheduled to be completed in mid-2026. The contract has options for 144 additional locomotives: 32 for Metro-North, 66 for the Long Island Rail Road, 20 for the New York State Department of Transportation (for Amtrak Empire Service trains), and 25 for the Connecticut Department of Transportation.
Via Rail
In December 2018, Via Rail ordered 32 bi-directional trainsets each powered by one SC-44 locomotive for use on the Québec City–Windsor Corridor. The first of VIA Rail's trainsets were delivered on September 29, 2021 to VIA Rail in Montreal, crossing into Canada via Sarnia, Ontario. When the locomotives' final paint scheme was unveiled by VIA Rail in May 2021, the locomotive was designated as an SC-44, but when delivered the locomotives' designation had been changed to SCV-42.
See also
EMD F125 – competing Tier 4 passenger locomotive
MPI MPXpress MP54AC – competing Tier 4 passenger locomotive
References
Further reading
External links
Raw Footage of Siemens Charger SC-44 4601 Cummins QSK95 Testing (YouTube)
Siemens locomotives
Bo-Bo locomotives
Passenger locomotives
Diesel-electric locomotives of the United States
Railway locomotives introduced in 2014
EPA Tier 4-compliant locomotives of the United States
Standard gauge locomotives of the United States
Diesel-electric locomotives of Canada
Sindure is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 1822 people living in 336 individual households.
References
External links
UN map of the municipalities of Lamjung District
Populated places in Lamjung District
Francisco Gómez is a Spanish name which may refer to:
Academics
Francisco Gómez Escobar, (1867–1938), writer and intellectual from Medellín, Colombia
Frank Ray, born Francisco Gomez, American singer
Politicians
Francisco Gómez de Sandoval, 1st Duke of Lerma (1552/1553–1625), favourite of Philip III of Spain
Francisco Gomez (governor) (1576-1656), governor of New Mexico between 1641 and 1642
Francisco Gómez de Quevedo y Santibáñez Villegas (1580–1645), Spanish nobleman, politician and writer of the Baroque era
Francisco Esteban Gómez (1783–1853), Venezuelan military officer
Francisco Gómez Palacio y Bravo (1824–1886), Mexican writer, educator, jurist and Liberal politician
Francisco Gómez (acting president) (died 1854), acting President of Honduras, 1852
Francisco Gómez-Jordana, 1st Count of Jordana (1876–1944), Spanish soldier and politician
Francisco Gómez (El Salvador President) (1796–1838), president of the state of El Salvador
Sportspeople
Francisco Gómez (athlete) (born 1957), Cuban Olympic sprinter
Francisco Gómez (footballer, born 1967), Mexican football manager and former defender
Francisco Gomez (soccer, born 1979) (born 1979), retired American soccer player
Francisco Gómez Kodela (born 1985), Argentine rugby union footballer
Francisco Javier Gómez Noya (born 1983), Spanish triathlete
Jesús Francisco Gómez (born 1992), Mexican-American professional boxer
Other uses
Francisco Gómez, Chiapas, a municipality in the Mexican state of Chiapas
See also
Francisco Gomes (disambiguation)
Camoola was a rural locality within the Longreach Region, Queensland, Australia, situated between the towns of Longreach and Muttaburra. It has been amalgamated into the locality of Longreach.
History
In the , Camoola had a population of 29 people.
In January 2019, it was decided to reduce the number of localities within Longreach Region by amalgamating the localities to the north and west of the town of Longreach into the locality of Longreach. The localities amalgamated were: Camoola, Chorregon, Ernestina, Maneroo, Morella, Tocal, and Vergemont. As a consequence of this amalgamation, the Longreach Region has only three localities: Longreach, Ilfracombe and Isisford.
References
External links
Map showing Camoola before the January 2019 amalgamation (archived on 28 July 2019)
Longreach Region
Unbounded localities in Queensland
The discography of Asian Kung-Fu Generation, a Japanese rock band, consists of ten studio albums, one live albums, fifteen compilation albums, seven extended plays, twenty-eight singles and sixty-one music videos.
Studio albums
Compilation/Live albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
Notes
As featured artist
Other charted songs
Other contributions
Videography
Music videos
Video albums
References
External links
Asian Kung-Fu Generation official website
Nano-Mugen official website
Asian Kung-Fu Generation discography at AllMusic
Asian Kung-Fu Generation
Discographies of Japanese artists
Rock music group discographies
David Brown (born 16 September 1965) is a Canadian former ski jumper from Thunder Bay, Ontario who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.
They came 51st in the normal-sized-hill jump, and 47th in the large hill jump.
References
1965 births
Living people
Canadian male ski jumpers
Olympic ski jumpers of Canada
Ski jumpers at the 1984 Winter Olympics
The 2015 Hawke's Bay Cup was the second edition of the invitational Hawke's Bay Cup field hockey competition. It took place between 11–19 April 2015 in Hastings, New Zealand. A total of eight teams competed for the title.
Australia won the tournament for the first time after defeating New Zealand 3–2 in the final. China won the third place match by defeating South Korea 3–1.
Teams
Including New Zealand, 8 teams were invited by the New Zealand Hockey Federation to participate in the tournament.
Results
First Round
Pool A
Pool B
Second Round
Quarter-finals
Fifth to eighth place classification
Crossover
Seventh and eighth place
Fifth and sixth place
First to fourth place classification
Semi-finals
Third and fourth place
Final
Statistics
Final Standings
Goalscorers
References
External links
2015
2015 in women's field hockey
2015 in New Zealand women's sport
2015 in Argentine women's sport
2015 in Australian women's field hockey
2015 in Chinese women's sport
2015 in South Korean women's sport
2015 in Japanese women's sport
2015 in American women's sports
2015 in Indian women's sport
Pashupata Shaivism (, ) is the oldest of the major Shaivite Hindu schools. The mainstream which follows Vedic Pasupata penance are 'Maha Pasupatas' and the schism of 'Lakula Pasupata' of Lakulisa.
There is a debate about pioneership of this schism and the Goan school of Nakulish darshan believes that Nakulish was pioneer and Lakulish and Patanjalinath were their disciples while Gujarat school believes that Nakulish and Lakulish are one. Sarvadarśanasaṅgraha written by Vidyaranya (sometimes also known as Madhavacharya) mentions it as "Nakulish Darshan" not as "Lakulish Darshan". Both sub schools are still active in their own areas. The philosophy of the Pashupata sect was systematized by also called Nakulīśa) in the 2nd century CE.
The main texts of the school are with Kauṇḍinya's , and with Bhāsarvajña's . Both texts were discovered only in the twentieth century. Prior to that, the major source of information on this sect was a chapter devoted to it in 's .
Date
The date of foundation of the school is uncertain. However, the Pashupatas may have existed from 1st century CE. Gavin Flood dates them to around the 2nd century CE. They are also referred to in the epic Mahabharata which is thought to have reached a final form by the 4th century CE. The Pashupata movement was influential in South India in the period between the 7th and 14th century.
One of the last surviving influential Vedic Pasupata mathas was the Eka Veerambal matha which existed up to the late 18th century administering the Jambukeswarar Temple, Thiruvanaikaval temple near Trichy and the Ramanathaswamy Temple.
Overview
Pashupata Shaivism was a devotional (bhakti) and ascetic movement. Pashu in Pashupati refers to the effect (or created world), the word designates that which is dependent on something ulterior. Whereas, Pati means the cause (or principium), the word designates the Lord, who is the cause of the universe, the pati, or the ruler. To free themselves from worldly fetters Pashupatas are instructed to do a pashupata vrata. Atharvasiras Upanishsad describes the pashupata vrata as that which consists of besmearing one's own body with ashes and at the same time muttering mantra — "Agni is ashes, Vayu is ashes, Sky is ashes, all this is ashes, the mind, these eyes are ashes."
Haradattacharya, in Gaṇakārikā, explains that a spiritual teacher is one who knows the eight pentads and the three functions. The eight pentads of Acquisition (result of expedience), Impurity (evil in soul), Expedient (means of purification), Locality (aids to increase knowledge), Perseverance (endurance in pentads), Purification (putting away impurities), Initiation and Powers are —
The three functions correspond to the means of earning daily food — mendicancy, living upon alms, and living upon what chance supplies.
Philosophy
Pashupatas disapprove of the Vaishnava theology, known for its doctrine servitude of souls to the Supreme Being, on the grounds that dependence upon anything cannot be the means of cessation of pain and other desired ends. They recognize that those depending upon another and longing for independence will not be emancipated because they still depend upon something other than themselves. According to Pashupatas, spirits possess the attributes of the Supreme Deity when they become liberated from the 'germ of every pain'. In this system the cessation of pain is of two kinds, impersonal and personal. Impersonal consists of the absolute cessation of all pains, whereas the personal consists of development of visual and active powers like swiftness of thought, assuming forms at will etc. The Lord is held to be the possessor of infinite, visual, and active powers.
Pañchārtha bhāshyadipikā divides the created world into the insentient and the sentient. The insentient is unconscious and thus independent on the conscious. The insentient is further divided into effects and causes. The effects are of ten kinds, the earth, four elements and their qualities, colour etc. The causes are of thirteen kinds, the five organs of cognition, the five organs of action, the three internal organs, intellect, the ego principle and the cognising principle. These insentient causes are held responsible for the illusive identification of Self with non-Self. The sentient spirit, which is subject to transmigration is of two kinds, the appetent and nonappetent. The appetent is the spirit associated with an organism and sense organs, whereas the non-appetent is the spirit without them.
Union in the Pashupata system is a conjunction of the soul with God through the intellect. It is achieved in two ways, action and cessation of action. Union through action consists of pious muttering, meditation, etc. and union through cessation of action occurs through consciousness.
Rituals
Rituals and spiritual practices were done to acquire merit or puṇya. They were divided into primary and secondary rituals, where primary rituals were the direct means of acquiring merit. Primary rituals included acts of piety and various postures. The acts of piety were bathing thrice a day, lying upon sand and worship with oblations of laughter, song, dance, sacred muttering etc.
See also
Indian philosophy
Kashmir Shaivism
Shaiva Siddhanta
Notes
References
Movements in ancient Indian philosophy
Āstika
Hindu philosophy
Shaiva sects
West Florida Electric Cooperative, Inc. (WFEC) is a not-for-profit rural electric utility cooperative headquartered in Graceville, Florida. It is a member of the Florida Electric Cooperatives Association, the National Rural Electric Association, PowerSouth Energy Cooperative and the Touchstone Energy Cooperatives alliance.
History
President Franklin D. Roosevelt established the Rural Electrification Administration (REA) in 1935 by signing Executive Order 7037 to bring electricity to rural areas of the country and to customers not serviced by the large power companies. West Florida Electric Cooperative was organized in 1937 and began distributing electricity in 1939. William Walter Henley served as WFEC's first Board of Directors' President.
Since 1937, WFEC has continued to grow and expand. In 1977, WFEC bought Sportsman's Park, home field of the Graceville Oilers baseball team of the Alabama–Florida League (AFL) and converted it into a pole yard. District offices were opened in Bonifay and Sneads in 1986 and 1988 to meet the needs of West Florida's growing customer base.
Operations
PowerSouth Energy Cooperative, formerly Alabama Electric Cooperative, is WFEC's generation and transmission co-op (G&T). This means that West Florida purchases the power it distributes to its members from PowerSouth. As a member of PowerSouth, WFEC is an owner of the cooperative along with fifteen other electric cooperatives and four municipal electric systems in Alabama and Northwest Florida. PowerSouth's members are: Baldwin EMC; Central Alabama EC; CHELCO; Clarke-Washington EMC; Coosa Valley EC; Covington EC; Dixie EC; Escambia River EC; Gulf Coast EC; Pea River EC; Pioneer EC; South Alabama EC; Southern Pine EC; Tallapoosa River EC; Wiregrass EC; The Utilities Board of the City of Andalusia, Ala; The City of Brundidge, Ala; Water Works & Electric Board of the City of Elba, Ala; and Utilities Board of the City of Opp, Ala. In 1998, WFEC joined the Touchstone Energy Cooperatives' branding alliance to pools its resources and knowledge with other co-ops from across the U.S.
Currently, West Florida Electric serves more than 27,000 customers in portions of four counties, including Jackson, Calhoun, Holmes & Washington in Northwest Florida.
Other
During 2005, West Florida Electric partnered with the Cooperative Research Network (CRN) and the National Rural Telecommunications Cooperative (NRTC) to study Broadband over power lines (BPL) technology. The trial was to evaluate if BPL worked, how much data it carried, how far and how easy/difficult the technology was to set up. The BPL demonstrations took place on a stretch of medium-voltage overhead power lines at Southern Maryland Electric Cooperative (SMECO) and at WFEC.
In 2007, WFEC began converting its metering system to automated meter reading or AMR. AMR technology helps the cooperative in a variety of ways including reducing outage response times, outage verification, providing timely date for customers and early detection of problems and voltage monitoring.
See also
Electric cooperatives
Touchstone Energy
Wiregrass EC
Automatic meter reading
Broadband over power lines (BPL)
BPL Deployments
External links
West Florida Electric Cooperative
Florida Electric Cooperatives Association
Touchstone Energy
National Rural Electric Association
National Rural Telecommunications Cooperative (NRTC)
Powersouth Energy (formerly AEC)
Our Energy, Our Future
Historical Marker Database – "When The Lights Came On"
References
Electric cooperatives of the United States
1894 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
Athletics
USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships
American football
College championship
College football national championship – Yale Bulldogs
Professional championships
Western Pennsylvania champions – Allegheny Athletic Association
Events
The 1894 Harvard–Yale game, known as the "Hampden Park Blood Bath", results in crippling injuries for four players; the contest is suspended until 1897. The annual Army–Navy Game is suspended from 1894 till 1898 for similar reasons. One of the major problems is the popularity of mass formations like the flying wedge, in which a large number of offensive players charge as a unit against a similarly arranged defense. The resultant collisions often lead to serious injury and sometimes even death.
Association football
Austria
Foundation of First Vienna FC, which is the oldest club in Austria (22 August).
England
The Football League – Aston Villa 44 points, Sunderland 38, Derby County 36, Blackburn Rovers 34, Burnley 34, Everton 33
FA Cup final – Notts County 4–1 Bolton Wanderers at Goodison Park
The Football League expands the Second Division from 15 to 16 clubs ahead of the 1894–95 season. Darwen and Newton Heath (Manchester United) are relegated from the First Division while Liverpool and Small Heath (Birmingham City) are promoted. Middlesbrough Ironopolis and Northwich Victoria are expelled from the league and three new clubs are elected: Bury, Burton Wanderers (league membership 1894–97) and Leicester Fosse (Leicester City).
The Southern League is founded prior to the 1894–95 season. Some of its early members will eventually join the Football League.
Scotland
Scottish Football League – Celtic
Scottish Cup – Rangers 3–1 Celtic at Hampden Park
Baseball
National championship
Baltimore Orioles win the first of three successive National League championships
Events
The Temple Cup is introduced, lasting until 1897, and matches the National League winner and runner-up in the best–of–seven, post–season championship series. It is also known as the "World's Championship Series" but it fails to gain fan support, partly because three of the four series held will be won by the league runner-up. In 1894, runner-up New York Giants defeats champion Baltimore Orioles 4 games to 0.
1894 is Major League Baseball's highest scoring season as Boston Beaneaters set the current record for the most runs scored in a season (1220) and another standing record with seven players scoring 100 or more runs; in addition, Philadelphia Phillies bat .349 for the season with all four outfielders above .400, but finish fourth despite the feat
Boxing
Events
26 July — Tommy Ryan defeats "Mysterious" Billy Smith after 20 rounds at Minneapolis to win the World Welterweight Championship. Ryan will hold the title until 1898, when they vacate it to challenge for the world middleweight title
The inaugural World Bantamweight Champion is Jimmy Barry of Chicago who is recognised following their 28th-round knockout of Casper Leon at Lemont, Illinois on 15 September. Barry retains the title until 1899 when they retire undefeated in the whole of their career. The bantamweight division is for fighters weighing between 112 and 118 lb.
Lineal world champions
World Heavyweight Championship – James J. Corbett
World Middleweight Championship – Bob Fitzsimmons
World Welterweight Championship – "Mysterious" Billy Smith → Tommy Ryan
World Lightweight Championship – title vacant
World Featherweight Championship – George Dixon
World Bantamweight Championship – Jimmy Barry
Cricket
Events
The inaugural South African tour of England takes place but none of its 24 matches are currently regarded as first-class fixtures.
England
County Championship – Surrey
Most runs – Bill Brockwell 1491 @ 38.23 (HS 128)
Most wickets – Arthur Mold 207 @ 12.30 (BB 8–67)
Wisden Five Young Batsmen of the Season – Bill Brockwell, Jack Brown, C B Fry, Tom Hayward, Archie MacLaren
Australia
Sheffield Shield – South Australia
Most runs – George Giffen 526 @ 75.14 (HS 205)
Most wickets – Charlie Turner 30 @ 12.30 (BB 6–51)
India
Bombay Presidency – Europeans
South Africa
Currie Cup – Western Province
West Indies
Inter-Colonial Tournament – not contested
Golf
Major tournaments
British Open – John Henry Taylor
Other tournaments
British Amateur – John Ball
Horse racing
England
Grand National – Why Not
1,000 Guineas Stakes – Amiable
2,000 Guineas Stakes – Ladas
The Derby – Ladas
The Oaks – Amiable
St. Leger Stakes – Throstle
Australia
Melbourne Cup – Patron
Canada
Queen's Plate – Joe Miller
Ireland
Irish Grand National – The Admiral
Irish Derby Stakes – Blairfinde
USA
Kentucky Derby – Chant
Preakness Stakes – Assignee
Belmont Stakes – Henry of Navarre
Ice hockey
Events
25 February — Ontario Hockey Association (OHA) champion Ottawa Hockey Club resigns from the association, ending Ottawa participation in OHA titles and tournaments.
22 March 22 — In a playoff to decide the 1894 AHAC season title and the Stanley Cup, Montreal Hockey Club defeats Ottawa Hockey Club 3–1.
March — Toronto Osgoode Hall defeats Queen's University of Kingston 3–2 to win the OHA championship.
Motor racing
Origin
22 July — the world's first competitive motor race was the Paris to Rouen. Although there have previously been some private events, this first real contest is organised by Paris magazine Le Petit Journal. Albert de Dion is first to arrive at Rouen in their de Dion-Bouton car, but they did not figure in the official results because their steam vehicle needed a 'stoker' and was thus ineligible. The 'official' victory was awarded to Albert Lemaître driving their 3 hp petrol engined Peugeot Type 5.
The internal combustion engine has been developed from simple gas-fuelled designs during the preceding decades to the point where several technicians such as Karl Benz in Mannheim and the partnership of Gottlieb Daimler and Wilhelm Maybach in Stuttgart have built the first true automobiles during the 1880s. Racing of horse-drawn carriages has been popular among its participants in the past and it is a natural progression to race the new automobiles.
Rowing
The Boat Race
17 March — Oxford wins the 51st Oxford and Cambridge Boat Race
Rugby football
Home Nations Championship
12th Home Nations Championship series is won by Ireland
Speed skating
Speed Skating World Championships
Men's All-round Champion – none declared
Tennis
England
Wimbledon Men's Singles Championship – Joshua Pim (Ireland) defeats Wilfred Baddeley (GB) 10–8 6–2 8–6
Wimbledon Women's Singles Championship – Blanche Bingley Hillyard (GB) defeats Edith Austin (GB) 6–1 6–1
France
French Men's Singles Championship – André Vacherot defeats Gérard Brosselin 1–6 6–3 6–3
USA
American Men's Singles Championship – Robert Wrenn defeats Manliffe Goodbody 6–8 6–1 6–4 6–4
American Women's Singles Championship – Helen Hellwig defeats Aline Terry 7–5 3–6 6–0 3–6 6–3
References
Sports by year
Jacqueline Danno (27 November 1931 – 28 November 2021) was a French actor and singer.
Danno died on 28 November 2021, one day after turning 90.
References
1931 births
2021 deaths
Actresses from Le Havre
French women singers
Events in the year 2021 in Rwanda.
Incumbents
President: Paul Kagame
Prime Minister: Édouard Ngirente
Events
Ongoing — COVID-19 pandemic in Rwanda
5 March – Rwanda is the first African nation to receive the Pfizer–BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine. 102,960 doses of Pfizer and 240,000 doses of Oxford–AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine have arrived through the U.N. COVAX program. Rwanda has had 19,000 cases and 265 deaths related to the virus.
Scheduled events
24 August to 5 September – Scheduled date for the AfroBasket 2021, to be hosted by Rwanda.
Deaths
February 22 – Seif Bamporiki, politician (Rwanda National Congress (RNC); killed during a robbery in South Africa
See also
International Conference on the Great Lakes Region
COVID-19 pandemic in Africa
References
2020s in Rwanda
Years of the 21st century in Rwanda
Rwanda
Rwanda
Bo Tovland (2 November 193625 September 2015) was a Swedish ice hockey coach and executive. They were the general manager of the Sweden men's national ice hockey team at seven Ice Hockey World Championships, three Winter Olympics and three Canada Cup tournaments. Under their leadership, Sweden won gold in ice hockey at the 1994 Winter Olympics, and three gold medals at the Ice Hockey World Championships. They previously coached the national junior team to a gold medal at the 1981 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, and won multiple medals coaching the under-18 men's team. They began working for the Swedish Ice Hockey Association in 1961, sat on its board of directors from 1981 to 2002, and was its vice-chairperson for eight years. They were also a member of the Swedish Olympic Committee from 1985 to 2005, and was a member of International Ice Hockey Federation committees from 1998 to 2008. Tovland received multiple honors for their career in hockey, which included H. M. The King's Medal in 1996, the Paul Loicq Award for contributions to international ice hockey in 2006, and induction into the Swedish Hockey Hall of Fame in 2012.
Early life and business career
Bo Tovland was born on 2 November 1936 in Stockholm. They worked as a clerk in a bank, was the chief financial officer of Sergel-Byggen AB for ten years, and was the chief executive officer of the property management company Fastighets AB in Stockholm for 23 years. They were involved with the Swedish Table Tennis Association and the Swedish Football Association prior to being an ice hockey administrator. They also served as vice chairperson and treasurer of the Swedish Central Association for the Promotion of Sports.
Ice hockey career
Tovland began working for the Swedish Ice Hockey Association (SIHA) in 1961, sat on many of its various committees, and was elected to the Stockholm Ice Hockey Association executive for four years. From 1968 to 1980, they coached the Sweden men's national under-18 ice hockey team at eleven tournaments in the IIHF European Junior Championships, and won three gold, four silver and two bronze medals.
Tovland coached the Sweden men's national junior ice hockey team at five IIHF World U20 Championship tournaments from 1975 to 1981, and won one gold, one silver and two bronze medals. At the 1975 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, felt that Sweden had to adjust its style of play to compete with the dominant Soviet Union national junior ice hockey team, and they added more players to the team with toughness and strength compared to the usual passing and speed. They described the strategy as a hybrid of European and North American styles of play. Tovland felt that the North American professional influence could destroy the European style of game as it has been known, since many junior European players attend hockey camps in Canada and idolized Swedish players in the National Hockey League and the World Hockey Association. Tovland coached the Sweden junior team to its first gold medal at the 1981 World Junior Ice Hockey Championships, which took 31 years for Sweden to repeat as gold medalists.
Tovland was the general manager of the Sweden men's national ice hockey team at seven Ice Hockey World Championships, three Winter Olympics and three Canada Cup tournaments. Under their leadership, Sweden won gold in ice hockey at the 1994 Winter Olympics, and three gold medals at the Ice Hockey World Championships.
Tovland was a member of the SIHA board of directors from 1981 to 2002, and was its vice-chairperson for eight years. They served as the general secretary of the Ice Hockey World Championships hosted by Sweden in 1981, 1989 and 1995. They were also a member of the organizing committees for 2002, and both the 2012 and 2013 championships co-hosted by Sweden and Finland.
Tovland sat on the nomination committee of the Swedish Olympic Committee from 1985 to 2005, and was its vice-chairperson for 14 years. They were a member of the (Friends of the National Sports) from 1992 onwards. They served on the International Ice Hockey Federation's sport development committee from 1998 to 2003, and the Ice Hockey World Championships bid evaluation committee from 1998 to 2008. They served as a deputy to the general secretary for the 2006 IIHF World Championship hosted in Riga, Latvia.
Honors and awards
Tovland was named an honorary member of the SIHA board of directors, received the SIHA Order of Merit in 1986, the SIHA gold medal in 1988, and the Order of Merit from the Swedish Sports Confederation. They received H. M. The King's Medal 8th size in silver with a blue ribbon in 1996. They were awarded the Prince's Plaque by the Swedish Central Association for the Promotion of Sports in 2005. The IIHF named them a recipient of the Paul Loicq Award in 2006, for contributions to international ice hockey. Tovland was inducted into the Swedish Hockey Hall of Fame on 29 October 2012.
Death and legacy
Tovland had a stroke in May 2015, and died on 25 September 2015 in Stockholm. Nicklas Lidström described Tovland as, "a very sympathetic person and a very good team leader for the national team". Markus Näslund felt that "his generation associates Tovland with tre kronor", and that "he was one of the great servants of faith, who devoted large parts of their life to hockey and our national team". Swedish newspaper Expressen described Tovland as one of Sweden's biggest hockey profiles, and that most of Sweden's national stars had been "infected by their humorous and characteristic disposition".
References
1936 births
2015 deaths
20th-century Swedish businesspeople
21st-century Swedish businesspeople
Businesspeople from Stockholm
International Ice Hockey Federation executives
Paul Loicq Award recipients
Sportspeople from Stockholm
Swedish chief executives
Swedish ice hockey administrators
Swedish ice hockey coaches
Dave Fogg is an American DJ and record producer born in Las Vegas, Nevada. They were a program director and now resident DJ at XS Nightclub in Las Vegas. XS Nightclub was voted Number 1 in the Nightclub & Bar Top 100. Located in Encore Las Vegas, other DJs and producers have held residences at Encore's nightclubs, like David Guetta and Avicii. They have shared stage with artists like Diplo, Oakenfold, Pete Tong, Afrojack, Rusko, Z-Trip and many more.
Biography
They have always worked in Las Vegas, except for short periods in San Diego and Los Angeles, working for Warner Bros. Records, Polygram Records, and rapper RBX.
Dave has been a producer and composer for artists like RBX on their album The RBX Files, and was part of two DJs collectives; Teflon Dons and Inhumanz. With the latter they released a series of LP called “Satanic Mash-ups”, mixing rap with metal music. One of their tracks, Shoot the war pigs, mixing Black Sabbath and NAS was chosen nº2 on Rolling Stone's Hot List and as a featured download in Spin Magazine
They started mixing music in college, shortly after they began to play at house parties and sport bars in the late 1980s. In 2002, they started at Whiskey Sky, Green Valley Ranch as program director and resident DJ. They would go on to have DJ residencies at the Hard Rock Hotel, Ra Nightclub, Tryst Nightclub and N9NE Group as program director in 2010. In 2011 they returned to XS. In 2003, they appeared in CSI Las Vegas' episode "Lady Heather's Box" as Lord Create DJ
They have also been in production groups like Inhumanz and Teflon Dons, whose EP Rudiments was featured in Billboard Magazine described as “too smooth and engaging”.
Discography
1995 The RBX Files (composer).
Teflon Dons
EP
1996 Rudiments
1998 WMC '98 Music Sampler
1998 Psycho Ray
1999 Tomorrow People
2000 L-O-V-E
2003 The Rendezvous
2012 Worldship Music EP
Inhumanz
EP
Satanik Mashups Vol. I – V
(2003) 50-Inch Nails
Satanik Mashups Vol. 666
LP
Inhumanz vs Dilated
(2003) Hell to Pay
References
Living people
American DJs
Record producers from Nevada
Musicians from Las Vegas
Year of birth missing (living people)
Marek Andrezj Szmid (born 2 March 1982) is an English retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Early life
Szmid was born in Nuneaton, Warwickshire.
Club career
Manchester United
Szmid signed for Manchester United as a youth trainee in July 1998. They made their first appearance for United in the friendly against the San Diego Nomads in August. They scored their first goal for the club in the FA Premier Academy League under-17 match against Derby County on 12 September. United won the game 4−0. On 5 December, Szmid made their first appearance for the reserves; they replaced Lee Roche in the friendly against a Major League Soccer under-21 side. They featured in the NIVEA Junior Football Tournament in April 1999 and played against the likes of Bayern Munich and VfB Stuttgart as United were runners-up. In July, they played in every game as United participated in the Milk Cup in Northern Ireland. They lost 2−1 to Crewe Alexandra in the final.
Szmid played in the Jersey Tournament in August 1999; they took part in the win versus Rangers and the defeat against Benfica. On 21 September, they signed their first professional contract with United. They played in the 2−1 defeat against Nottingham Forest in the FA Youth Cup third round at Gigg Lane. Szmid made 20 appearances as United finished third in Group B before falling to West Ham United in FA Premier Academy League under-19 playoffs. Post season they were part of the squad that took part in the International Youth Tournament hosted by Real Sociedad. They started all three group games against Sevilla, Osasuna, and Real Sociedad, but United failed to qualify for the final.
In August 2000, Szmid played in the Bayern Munich Centenary Youth Tournament; they featured in four games and scored in the 2−2 draw with IFK Göteborg. They scored for the reserves in the friendly against Bristol City in September. The game, a testimonial for City's Buster Footman, finished 4−0 at Ashton Gate. They featured throughout United's run to the Manchester Senior Cup final but was an unused substitute in the final defeat to Manchester City at Old Trafford in May 2001. They were released by United on 30 June. Szmid spent just over three years at United but failed to make a senior appearance.
Southend United
Szmid signed for Third Division club Southend United in November 2001. Their first involvement with the first team was as an unused substitute in the defeat at Shrewsbury Town on 24 November. On 23 February 2002, they made their debut when they replaced Brian Barry-Murphy in the 80th minute of the 5−1 defeat against Hartlepool United. Szmid was involved in several other matchday squads before the end of the season, but they only made one more appearance for United when they started the defeat against Leyton Orient in March. This was their final appearance for Southend and they left the club in the summer.
Later career
Szmid later played non-league football with Sutton Coldfield Town and Marine.
In the same season they moved to play for Nuneaton Griff. In 2004, they played for Nuneaton Borough. The next season saw them playing for Vauxhall Motors. That season saw them suffering a bad injury which caused them to retire from playing football. After retiring, they attended Liverpool John Moores University where they graduated with a B.A. in Sports Development in 2007. Whilst studying they suffered a severe injury which caused their playing career to stop. The following year they attended the University of Chester where they took part in the GTP (Graduate Teacher Programme). They started teaching Physical Education at Ashton-on-Mersey School in Trafford in 2008. In September 2010 they started work as the Assistant Head of Education and Welfare at Manchester United F.C.
International career
ESFA U15
Szmid represented English Schools' Football Association (ESFA) under-15s and the team reached 3rd place of the mini World Cup at the Montaigu Tournament in France. They were in the last ESFA under-15 team when they beat Germany 1–0 at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin, before The Football Association took over the running of Schools' Football.
England U16
Szmid represented England at 1999 UEFA European Under-16 Championship in the Czech Republic. They featured in the quarter final defeat against the Czech Republic on 2 May 1999; they played 61 minutes before being replaced by Jay Bothroyd as England lost 1−0 after extra time.
England futsal
Szmid was called up to the England national futsal team for the Four Nations tournament in March 2005. On 9 March, they made their debut against France and scored a penalty in the 5−2 defeat in Villeneuve-d'Ascq, France. Two days later, they played in the loss against Finland as England finished last place in the tournament.
Career statistics
References
External links
Marek Szmid at SouthendUnited.co.uk
1982 births
Living people
English footballers
Manchester United F.C. players
Southend United F.C. players
Sutton Coldfield Town F.C. players
Marine F.C. players
Nuneaton Griff F.C. players
Nuneaton Borough F.C. players
Alumni of Liverpool John Moores University
Alumni of the University of Chester
Vauxhall Motors F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
English people of Polish descent
Sportspeople from Nuneaton
English men's futsal players
Vieille Montagne was a zinc mine in Kelmis (La Calamine), a town in Belgium between Liège and Aachen. The mine's name is French for "old mountain", and this is also reflected in its German name, (earlier, ). The mine was once a bone of contention between Prussia on the one side and the United Kingdom of the Netherlands (later Belgium) on the other, that resulted in a piece of land that became the territory of Neutral Moresnet.
History
After they developed an original refining process, Belgian industrialist Jean-Jacques Dony received a decree from the Napoleonic authorities in 1806, allowing them to mine the zinc ore deposit at La Vieille Montagne near Liège. At that time, the area belonged to the French département of the Ourthe. After Napoleon's defeat, in 1816 the département was divided between Prussia, the Netherlands and the neutral zone of Neu-Moresnet, which contained the zinc mine. The ( ‘Vieille Montagne Zinc Mining Company and Foundries') was created in 1837, after the independence of Belgium (which took over the Dutch claim to the neutral zone). The Belgian mine continued its operation until the end of the nineteenth century, when a workforce of 300 produced 8,500 ton of crude zinc annually.
The company opened a second zinc mine in Zinkgruvan in Sweden, which is still in operation. It also ran a harbour in Åmmeberg to ship the zinc. The ore was shipped to another affiliate in Balen, Belgium.
The company of Belgium (or ‘VM' for short) came to England in 1896, specifically to the small remote village of Nenthead in the Pennine Hills of Cumbria. The company survived two world wars and the inter-war economic depression, as well as fluctuations in the geological supply and market demand for zinc and lead. Then in 1949, after fifty-three years of operation, the VM sold its mineral leases, plant and equipment and left.
In the department of Ariège in France, the VM company took the lease on the zinc mines at Bentaillou in the Pyrenees, also after World War II.
The name became synonymous with zinc oxide and with rolled zinc, especially for building applications. The company was the world's oldest and also the largest zinc producer, producing at its peak at least 149,000 tonnes per year. In 1989 Vieille Montagne was merged into the Union Minière group, based in Belgium, which became Umicore in 2003. The group continues its rolled zinc activity under the brand VMZinc, which still refers back to the historical link with Vieille Montagne.
Strike in Balen
In 1971 it was discovered the workmen in the other Belgian plants had a much higher salary for similar work. The workers in Balen wanted a raise. This led to a dispute between the workmen, the trade unions and the directors board. The 1500 workmen in Balen went on strike, but this was not accepted by the trade unions. As a result, the workmen were not paid. The strike went on for 9 weeks. Many charities were set up by inhabitants of Mol and Balen. Jef Sleeckx, a politician, convinced the banks to cancel payments temporarily for affected workmen. Landlords did not ask rent during the strike. All kind of shops gave food for free or gave the impacted workmen a temporary job. At the end, the directors board agreed and the workmen even got a higher wage than requested. The events in Balen were written in the theatre play and novel Groenten uit Balen by Walter van den Broeck. The book was filmed in 2012. All events regarding the strike did happen, all referenced places do/did exist, and only the family Debreucker is a fictive one.
See also
Willemite (villemite), discovered here
References
External links
Zinc mines
Mines in Belgium
Mining companies of Belgium
Social history of Belgium
Kelmis
Neutral Moresnet
The Research and Development Array (RDA) is a research and development effort related to the Pierre Auger Observatory. It consists of a set of water tanks and communication towers near Lamar, CO.
Goals
The goals are to study potential upgrades to the existing Auger South ultra-high-energy cosmic ray observatory as well as develop technology for the proposed Auger North observatory. The RDA investigates modifications to the Pierre Auger Observatory surface detectors (SD) and to the communications system by which the SDs transmit their data to the central data acquisition.
Overview
The RDA is located in an area of several square miles just South of the city of Lamar, Colorado, in the United States, part of the area proposed for Auger North. It consists of surface detectors (water tanks instrumented with photomultiplier tubes and readout electronics), communication towers, and a building housing the data concentrator and computing. The ten water tanks are instrumented with one photomultiplier tube each to detect the Cherenkov radiation generated by particles in cosmic ray air showers. (The water tanks currently used in the southern Pierre Auger observatory use three photomultiplier tubes each.) The communication towers will test a new way to transport data from the water tanks to the data concentrator. A higher bandwidth will benefit many possible upgrades to the southern site. A new communication system is also needed to allow the proposed northern detector array to cover a larger area than the existing southern observatory. In the existing system all surface detectors directly transmit to a single point. In a larger array this would not be feasible. Surface detectors would communicate with their nearest neighbors and surface detectors close to the single data concentrator station would relay the data from surface detectors that are further away.
References
External links
Auger North at Case Western Reserve University
Auger North Proposal
Research and development in the United States
The Expedition of Tabuk, also known as the Expedition of Usra, was a military expedition that was initiated by the Islamic prophet Muhammad in October 630 CE (AH 9). They led a force of as many as 30,000 north to Tabuk, near the Gulf of Aqaba, in present-day northwestern Saudi Arabia.
Preparations
Following rumours of a Byzantine invasion, the Muslims and allies of Muhammad received an urgent call to join the campaign, but the Arabs of the desert showed little interest. Many came up with excuses not to participate. Muhammad provided incentives to persuade the Arabs to join and provided many with gifts.
Expedition
Muhammad and their forces marched northwards to Tabuk, near the Gulf of Aqaba in October 630 (Rajab AH 9). It was their largest and last military expedition. Ali ibn Abi Talib, who participated in several other expeditions of Muhammad, did not participate in Muhammad's Tabuk expedition upon Muhammad's instructions, as they held command at Medina. After arriving at Tabuk and camping there, Muhammad's army prepared to face the Byzantine invasion. Muhammad spent twenty days at Tabuk, scouting the area, making alliances with local chiefs. With no sign of the Byzantine army, they decided to return to Medina. Though Muhammad did not encounter a Byzantine army at Tabuk, according to the Oxford Encyclopedia of the Islamic World, "this show of force demonstrated their intention to challenge the Byzantines for control of the northern part of the caravan route from Mecca to Syria".
See also
Muhammad as a general
Hadith of position
Arabian Peninsula
Hejaz
Midian
References
630
7th century in the Byzantine Empire
Tabouk
The southern black tit or simply black tit (Melaniparus niger) is a species of bird in the tit family Paridae, which is native to woodland habitats in southern Africa.
Subspecies
Three subspecies are recognized:
Melaniparus niger niger – southernmost Mozambique to Eswatini, KwaZulu-Natal and Eastern Cape
Melaniparus niger xanthostomus – southern Angola to northern Namibia, northern Botswana, northwestern Zimbabwe, southern Zambia and southern Tanzania
Melaniparus niger ravidus – eastern Zambia, Malawi, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, eastern Botswana and northern South Africa
Range and habitat
It occurs chiefly in tropical and subtropical savanna woodland, in a semicircular arc from Angola to the Eastern Cape, South Africa. It prefers woodland dominated by broad-leaved trees, most importantly miombo, Combretum species, and Burkea africana. It is especially common in the woodlands of western Zimbabwe, where densities can reach as high as fifty birds per square kilometre.
Description
The southern black tit, unlike parids of the Northern Hemisphere or other local species, is almost entirely monotone in colour and sexually somewhat dimorphic, with the female being greyish and the male very distinctly blue-black in colour. It can be distinguished from the white-winged tit and Carp's tit by having no white rim in its tail and is around in total length including the tail.
Food
Like all tits, it feeds chiefly on insects, and is a voracious consumer of wasps in its favoured habitat; however, it has unusually for a parid been known to take nectar and fruiting figs.
Breeding
Breeding occurs during the summer wet season, but its initiation is very varied and the number of broods reared depends on the consistency of rainfall. The breeding system of the southern black tit has been intensively studied and is often regarded as a classic example of the differences in breeding strategies between warm regions with unpredictable rainfall and cold regions with severe winters. Unlike the great tit or blue tit which can provision up to twenty-five nestlings per year in unassisted pairs, the southern black tit, living on a much poorer food supply, can as an unassisted pair seldom provision even one nestling in a breeding season. As a result, most males must stay in the parental territory for several years to help rear the usually three nestlings that each breeding female produces under favourable conditions. An interesting feature of the southern black tit is that the breeding female, who incubates continuously during the fifteen days of incubation and is fed by their mate and the helpers, will mimic venomous snakes when they feel threatened to prevent depredation of the nest.
Longevity
Although the species has been recovered from ringing on only a few occasions and data about survival and longevity are thus useless, it is practically certain that the adult mortality rate is much lower than the 70 to 75 percent mortality of closely related parids in Europe and North America.
Taxonomy
The southern black tit was formerly one of the many species in the genus Parus but was moved to Melaniparus after a molecular phylogenetic analysis published in 2013 showed that the members of the new genus formed a distinct clade.
Gallery
References
External links
Southern Black Tit - Species text in The Atlas of Southern African Birds.
southern black tit
Birds of Southern Africa
southern black tit
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Our Lady Derzhavnaya ("The Sovereign", "The Reigning Icon") is a Russian icon believed to date from the 18th century. According to Irina Yazykova, the Reigning Icon, "remains one of the most revered both inside Russia and in Russian emigre circles. Copies of the Reigning Icon of the Mother of God can now be found all over the world."
Origins
The icon was originally venerated in the Ascension Convent, in the Chertolye neighborhood near the Moscow Kremlin. In 1812, as Napoleon Bonaparte's Grande Armée approached Moscow during the French invasion of Russia, the icon was taken to the village church in Kolomenskoye for safekeeping and subsequently forgotten until 1917.
Reappearance
At the end of the "February Revolution" of 1917 (February in the Old Russian Calendar), on 2 March (Julian Calendar)/ 15 March (Gregorian Calendar) 1917, Tsar Nicholas II of Russia abdicated the throne after riots in Petrograd spiraled out of control. That same day, Evdokia Adrianova, a peasant woman in the village of Pererva in Moscow Province, dreamed that the Blessed Virgin appeared and spoke to them They were instructed to travel to the village of Kolomenskoye, where they would find an old icon which, "will change color from black to red."
Upon their arrival, the parish priest took Evdokia at their word and together they searched until they found, in an old storage room, an icon covered with candle soot. But as they took the icon outdoors, the sunlight revealed that the Mother of God was wearing the scarlet robes of a monarch. They also wore the Imperial crown and held a sceptre and globus cruciger — the symbols of regal authority.
Interpretation
According to Irina Yazykova, "Since all this took place on the same day as the Emperor's abdication from the throne, the appearance of the icon was immediately thought to be connected with that event. What is more, the priest was given to understand that the Crown that had fallen from the head of the Tsar had been taken up by the Theotokos, the Mother of God: henceforth, They would be the reigning Tsarina of the Russian State. Thus the icon was named the 'Reigning' icon and became widely revered among the Russian people"
Russian monarchists believe the reappearance of the icon was an indication that the Virgin Mary was displeased with Russia for dethroning Tsar Nicholas II during the February Revolution. They believe that They will hold the Imperial Crown for safekeeping until the House of Romanov is restored.
In 2003 and 2014, the Reigning Icon and the Theotokos of Port Arthur icon, were brought for veneration to the Portuguese city of Fatima, where, according to Lucia dos Santos, Our Lady of Fatima predicted in 1917 that Post-Revolutionary Russia would, "spread their errors throughout the world, causing wars and persecutions of the Church."
See also
Consecration of Russia
Coronation of the Russian monarch
Monarchist Party
Theotokos of Port Arthur
References
Eastern Orthodox icons of the Virgin Mary
Russian icons
Paintings of the Madonna and Child
Lost paintings
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1666.
Events
June 4 – Molière's comedy of manners Le Misanthrope is premièred at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal (rue Saint-Honoré) in Paris by the King's Players (Troupe du Roi).
July – Aphra Behn goes to Antwerp to work as a government spy.
August 6 – Molière's comedy Le Médecin malgré lui ("The doctor in spite of himself") is premièred at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal in Paris by the King's Players with Molière themselves playing the title character, Sganarelle.
September 2 – Samuel Pepys begins recording details of the Great Fire of London in their diary. The destruction of Old St Paul's Cathedral in the conflagration also destroys the stock of many London publishers, which is stored in the crypt. This probably includes unsold copies of the Third Folio of Shakespeare's works (1663).
New books
Prose
Nicolas Boileau-Despréaux – Satires du Sieur D....
Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne –
A Description of a New World Called the Blazing-World
Observations upon Experimental Philosophy
John Bunyan – Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners
Thomas Hobbes – De principiis et ratiocinatione geometrarum
Gottfried Leibniz – De Arte Combinatoria ('On the Art of Combination')
Drama
James Howard – The English Monsieur
William Killigrew – The Siege of Urbin (published)
Molière
Le Médecin malgré lui
Le Misanthrope
Juan de Zabaleta – El emperador Commodo
Births
March 21 – Ogyū Sorai, Japanese Confucian philosopher (died 1728)
July 10 – John Ernest Grabe, German-born English theologian (died 1711)
August 13
René Massuet, French patrologist (died 1716)
William Wotton, English theologian, classicist and translator (died 1727)
November 12 – Mary Astell, English feminist writer (died 1731)
Unknown dates
Josiah Burchett, English writer on history and Admiralty official (died 1746)
Mary Pix, English novelist and dramatist (died 1709)
Probable year of birth – John Harris, English encyclopedist (died 1719)
Deaths
June 30 – Alexander Brome, English humorous poet and translator (born 1620)
August 24 – Dom Francisco Manuel de Mello, Portuguese writer (born 1608)
October 29 – James Shirley, English dramatist (born 1596)
November – Jeremias de Dekker, Dutch poet (born c. 1610)
Unknown dates
Gysbert Japiks, Frisian writer (born 1603)
Song Yingxing, Chinese encyclopedist (born 1587)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Bujoru is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of a single village, Bujoru.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Ed Rynders (February 17, 1960 – May 13, 2022) was an American politician who served in the Georgia House of Representatives from 2003–2019.
References
1960 births
2022 deaths
Members of the Georgia House of Representatives
Georgia (U.S. state) Republicans
A list of films produced in Hong Kong in 1966:.
1966
References
External links
IMDB list of Hong Kong films
Hong Kong films of 1966 at HKcinemamagic.com
1966
Hong Kong
Films
Darren Roos (born November 9, 1974) is a South African born business executive.  They are the chief executive officer (CEO) of IFS. Before joining IFS in April 2018, Roos served as President of SAP ERP Cloud and executive board member of Software AG.
Having worked for the startup Redflag Communications, they joined Dimension Data in 2001 and Software AG in 2005 and quickly progressed in its sales leadership joining its group executive board. They joined SAP in January 2014 and went on to hold several senior positions before becoming President of SAP's global Cloud ERP. They joined IFS in April 2018 as its CEO. They also serve on the board of Sitecore and had been a non-executive director of Micro Focus from 2017 to 2019. In October 2020, Roos was awarded the CEO of the Year - 2020 in the Tech Ascension Awards.
References
British technology chief executives
South African business executives
SAP SE people
Stanford Graduate School of Business alumni
Harvard Business School alumni
University of South Africa alumni
People from Cape Town
1974 births
Living people
Panade à Champignac is the nineteenth album of the Spirou et Fantasio series. The story, written and drawn by Franquin, was serialised along with Bravo les Brothers in Spirou magazine before publication as a hardcover album in 1969.
Story
In Babysitting in Champignac, Spirou and Fantasio, the latter stressed by the pressures of work and the aggravating presence of Gaston Lagaffe - take a break at the estate of Champignac. Upon arrival, they learn that the Count's life has changed dramatically since the conclusion of L'ombre du Z, as they now spend their time taking care of Zorglub who has regressed to the mental age of 8 months. To make things worse, one of Zorglub's "zorglmen", Otto Paparapap, has not been healed, and lurks nearby, armed with the paralyzing zorglonde and obsessed with liberating their former leader...
Bravo Les Brothers, takes a small step back in time to illustrate the hectic working conditions at Dupuis publishing house prior to Spirou and Fantasio's much needed vacation. The influence of Gaston in the pursuit of having De Mesmaeker sign contracts is a well-explored theme in Gaston albums, but in this instance, there is the added element of "Les Brothers", a circus act of performing chimpanzees that Gaston gifts Fantasio for their birthday.
Background
By 1968, Franquin had long since lost interest in Spirou et Fantasio—a series they had not created—and was now more inspired by their own Gaston Lagaffe. The strain shows clearly in Panade, a fairly grotesque story where the former globe-trotting heroes are reduced to changing the diapers of a grown man. The multiple fake endings are another blatant symptom of Franquin's irritation. By contrast, the hilarious and lively Bravo les Brothers was described by Franquin themselves as basically a Gaston story in disguise—it features the familiar setting and characters—as well as their own favourite. The character of the grumpy animal-training genius Noé, introduced here, was resurrected decades later by Yann for the Marsupilami series.
This was to be Franquin's final album as Spirou author as the task was passed on to Fournier, allowing Franquin to focus on Gaston Lagaffe.
References
Franquin publications in Spirou BDoubliées
External links
Spirou official site album index
Franquin site album index
Comics by André Franquin
Spirou et Fantasio albums
1969 graphic novels
1969 in comics
Works originally published in Spirou (magazine)
Literature first published in serial form
4H-Quinolizine is a heterocyclic compound with the formula . The location of the ninth hydrogen atom defines the isomer as 4H-. The 2H-, 3H- isomers are also theoretically possible. None have been isolated, so these compounds remain of theoretical interest. These compounds structurally resemble quinoline but with nitrogen at one of the two ring fusion sites. Quinolizines feature tertiary amine at the bridge site. Although quinolizines are elusive, their saturated derivatives quinolizidines are well known, being found in several alkaloids. Another class of stable derivatives are the quinolizinium cations , resulting from the formal removal of hydride from quinolizines.
References
K12XP-D, virtual channel 22 (VHF digital channel 12), branded on-air as Good News TV, is a low-powered 3ABN-affiliated television station licensed to Phoenix, Arizona, United States. The station is owned by HC2 Holdings. Its transmitter is located atop South Mountain in Phoenix.
History
An original construction permit was granted on July 10, 1990, to Broadcast Systems Inc. of Phoenix to build low-power television station K25DM on channel 25. Its transmitter was located in Deer Valley near Phoenix Deer Valley Airport. The station was quickly built and signed on the air later that year as a full-time affiliate of Channel America. K25DM moved its transmitter location to the current Shaw Butte site in early 1993 and upgraded to the current broadcast parameters in late 1994.
After nearly fifteen years operating the station, its owners sold K25DM and sister station K42FD (now KVPA-LD) to a new broadcast group called Latin America Broadcasting in August 2005. On November 7, 2007, Latin America Broadcasting transferred the station to Mako Communications, whose stations were the first three affiliates of LAT TV.
In November 2007, the station filed a displacement request with the FCC to move to VHF channel 6, citing interference concerns from full-power digital operations from KAZT-TV in Prescott and KMSB-TV in Tucson, both of whom operate their digital stations on channel 25. The FCC granted the displacement request on January 23, 2008, and assigned the station a new callsign of K06OX that will become effective when the station is licensed on the new channel. However, in June 2009, the station filed a displacement request with the FCC to move its broadcast facilities from Shaw Butte to South Mountain and move to digital on UHF channel 18, citing interference concerns from full-power digital operations from independent station KTVK who operates their digital station on channel 24.
The station was licensed to channel 18 on December 16, 2014, with the call sign changing to K18JL-D.
Mako Communications sold its stations, including K18JL-D, to HC2 Holdings in 2017.
Multiple affiliations
While the station's ownership and facilities have been relatively steady, its programming history has been much more diverse. As an affiliate of Channel America, K25DM aired old movies and '50s TV shows in the public domain as well as low-cost syndicated programming such as Hot Seat with Wally George. However, Channel America's programming lineup was never stable, and by the middle of 1993, K25DM was piping in the MuchMusic network from Canada.
Not long afterward, K25DM added subscription-only programming from the Playboy Channel during the evening hours, using old over-the-air subscription television equipment to scramble the signal. The station lacked cable television distribution however, and the subscription service was not successful. By November 1993, K25DM had changed programming again, to the now-defunct Video Catalog Channel, a Knoxville, Tennessee-based television auction network.
A rapid succession of shopping services followed, as the station moved from Video Catalog Channel to Panda America Shopping Network in 1995, followed by ACN (now Jewelry TV) in 1997, ValueVision/ShopNBC (now ShopHQ) in 1999, and finally HSN 2001.
With the sale of the station, K25DM was poised to change programming again, this time to the Latin America Broadcasting's Spanish-language network, LAT TV, launched in May 2006. However, K25DM remained an HSN affiliate until September 2007, when it also switched to LAT TV. Although both K25DM and KVPA-LP aired LAT TV programming, they did not simulcast; each station maintained its own distinct schedule.
In December 2007, the station briefly affiliated with the music video network, Retro Jams, then, in January 2008, switched to programming called "My2Fish," broadcasting music videos and advertisements for novelty text messaging services.
In October 2008, K25DM switched back to HSN.
On May 1, 2009, K25DM went silent again.
In May 2010, K25DM came back on the air, airing all Infomercials.
The station moved to channel 18 as K18JL-D in 2014. As a result of KPNX's move to UHF channel 18, K18JL-D was displaced and went silent in June 2021 pending a move to channel 12. Effective June 10, 2022, the station was licensed to operate on channel 12, taking the call sign K12XP-D.
Digital television
Digital channels
The station's digital signal is multiplexed:
References
12XP-D
Television channels and stations established in 1990
1990 establishments in Arizona
Low-power television stations in the United States
HC2 Holdings
The men's triple jump event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Qualifications
23 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 26 athletes from 20 countries participated in the event.
References
Triple jump
Triple jump at the World Athletics U20 Championships
Anna Maria Bernini (born 17 August 1965) is an Italian politician, lawyer and university professor.
Biography
Bernini is a civil and administrative lawyer and associate professor of Compared Public Law at the University of Bologna, where they later taught also Institutions of Public Law, and Law of International and Internal Arbitration and of the alternative procedures. They completed their legal training by participating in several study abroad programs at the University of Michigan, the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) in Paris, the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA), Queen Mary College, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators of London, the Institut du Droit et des Pratiques des Affaires Internationales de la Chambre de Commerce Internationale and the American Arbitration Association (AAA).
Political career
In 2007, Bernini was one of the promoters of the FareFuturo association founded by Gianfranco Fini. They also joined Fini's National Alliance party.
They were elected to the Chamber of Deputies in the 2008 Italian general election with The People of Freedom. In 2010 they were candidate in the Emilia-Romagna regional election, losing against Vasco Errani. On 27 July 2011 they were appointed Minister of European Affairs, following the resignation of Andrea Ronchi.
In the 2013 Italian general election they were elected to the Senate of the Republic.  They are later re-elected at the 2018 general election and proposed by the Northern League as a possible candidate for the role of President of the Senate, but they refused, choosing to endorse their party colleague Maria Elisabetta Alberti Casellati.
On 27 March 2018, Bernini is elected group leader of Forza Italia at the Senate.
Political positions
Dissenting from the majority of their party, Bernini is fully favourable to the recognition of same-sex unions in Italy and to the stepchild adoption.
Family
Anna Maria Bernini was the daughter of Giorgio Bernini (1928–2020), who was a lawyer for the United Nations and Forza Italia politician, minister of foreign trade in Berlusconi's first cabinet.
They were married to Luciano Bovicelli, a noted gynecologist, who died in 2011.
Electoral history
References
External links
Politicians from Bologna
National Alliance (Italy) politicians
The People of Freedom politicians
Forza Italia (2013) senators
1965 births
Living people
Women government ministers of Italy
Senators of Legislature XVII of Italy
Senators of Legislature XVIII of Italy
21st-century Italian women politicians
Molycorp Inc. was an American mining corporation headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado. The corporation, which was formerly traded on the New York Stock Exchange, owned the Mountain Pass rare earth mine in California. It filed for bankruptcy in June 2015 after changing competitive circumstances, declining prices on output and a 2014 restructuring. It was purchased by its largest creditor Oaktree Capital Management and was reorganized as Neo Performance Materials.
History
Roots of the company dates back to 1919 when the Molybdenum Corporation of America, established as a subsidiary of the Electric Reduction Company, started molybdenum ore mining at Questa, New Mexico.
In 1950, the Molybdenum Corporation of America bought the Mountain Pass mining claims, and began production in 1952. It changed its name to Molycorp in 1974. The corporation was acquired by Union Oil in 1977, which in turn became part of Chevron Corporation in 2005. In 2007, Molycorp Inc. was merged with the Pittsburg & Midway Coal Mining Co. to form Chevron Mining Inc.
In 2008, Chevron Mining sold the Mountain Pass rare earth mine and the rights to the Molycorp name to Rare Earth Acquisitions LLC, a special purpose company which was renamed Molycorp Minerals LLC. The company was owned by Resource Capital Funds, Pegasus Partners IV, LP, The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Traxys North America LLC and Carint Group LLC. On July 29, 2010, Molycorp, Inc., a newly established parent company of Molycorp Minerals LLC, became a publicly traded firm by selling 28,125,000 shares at $14 in its IPO. The shares were traded under the ticker symbol MCP on the NYSE.
In April 2011, Molycorp bought 90% stake in a rare metal processing company Silmet in Estonia for US$89 million. Silmet was renamed Molycorp Silmet and remaining 10% was acquired by Molycorp in October 2011.
In June 2012, Molycorp acquired the Canadian-based company Neo Material Technologies Inc. Neo Material Technologies Inc. was incorporated in 2006 by merger of the Indianapolis-based company Magnequench and the Canadian rare elements company AMR Technologies, Inc. Magnequench, a manufacturer of neodymium-iron-boron magnets, was founded by General Motors in 1986.
In November 2012, the company announced that it was being investigated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the accuracy of the company's public disclosures. In June 2013, Molycorp Inc. said the SEC has completed the investigation and has not recommended any enforcement action.
In 2014, with the company facing heavy capital needs and lower prices in the China-dominated market, Oaktree Capital Group had won the bidding to provide up to $400 million of senior restructuring finance. Molycorp filed for bankruptcy protection in late June 2015, after changing competitive circumstances, declining prices on output and a 2014 restructuring. At the same time it announced an agreement "with major creditors to restructure its $1.70 billion debt load". It was purchased by its largest creditor Oaktree Capital Management and was reorganized as Neo Performance Materials.
Operations
Mountain Pass mine
The company's principal asset was the Mountain Pass rare earth mine, which once supplied the majority of the world's rare earth elements. The mine was previously owned by Unocal. The mine closed in 2002, but reopened in 2010.
Because of the competition from China, the mine became unprofitable. In the reorganization process of Molycorp, the mine was separated from the company and scheduled to be sold in March 2017 at the auction in bankruptcy court, with a $40 million opening offer.
International business
In December 2010, Japanese firms Sumitomo and Mitsubishi signed agreements to be supplied with rare earths by Molycorp. US-based fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) catalyst manufacturer W.R. Grace & Co. similarly signed a supply agreement with Molycorp in November 2010. Molycorp was to supply W.R. Grace & Co. with an undisclosed amount of lanthanum and cerium, essential components for FCC catalyst manufacturing through 2015.
Molycorp additionally owns one of the few processing plants outside China—Molycorp Silmet—that it had purchased in Estonia in 2011.
References
Companies formerly listed on the New York Stock Exchange
Companies based in Colorado
Mining companies of the United States
Rare earth companies
Superfund sites in New Mexico
2010 initial public offerings
Metal companies of the United States
macOS Catalina (version 10.15) is the sixteenth major release of macOS, Apple Inc.'s desktop operating system for Macintosh computers. It is the successor to macOS Mojave and was announced at WWDC 2019 on June 3, 2019 and released to the public on October 7, 2019. Catalina is the first version of macOS to support only 64-bit applications and the first to include Activation Lock. It is also the last version of macOS to have the major version number of 10; its successor, Big Sur, released on November 12, 2020, is version 11. In order to increase web compatibility, Safari, Chromium and Firefox have frozen the OS in the user agent running in subsequent releases of macOS at 10.15.7 Catalina.
The operating system is named after Santa Catalina Island, which is located off the coast of southern California.
System requirements
macOS Catalina officially runs on all standard configuration Macs that supported Mojave. 2010–2012 Mac Pros, which could run Mojave only with a GPU upgrade, are no longer supported. Catalina requires 4 GB of memory, an increase over the 2 GB required by Lion through Mojave.
iMac (Late 2012 or later)
iMac Pro
MacBook (Early 2015 or later)
MacBook Air (Mid 2012 or later)
MacBook Pro (Mid 2012 or later)
Mac Mini (Late 2012 or later)
Mac Pro (Late 2013 or later)
It is possible to install Catalina on many older Macintosh computers that are not officially supported by Apple. This requires using a patch to modify the installation image.
Applications
AirPort Utility
App Store
Archive Utility
Audio MIDI Setup
Automator
Bluetooth File Exchange
Books
Boot Camp Assistant
Calculator
Calendar
Chess
ColorSync Utility
Console
Contacts
Dictionary
Digital Color Meter
Disk Utility
DVD Player
FaceTime
Find My
Font Book
GarageBand (may not be pre-installed)
Grapher
Home
iMovie (may not be pre-installed)
Image Capture
Keychain Access
Keynote (may not be pre-installed)
Mail
Migration Assistant
Music
News (only available for Australia, Canada, United Kingdom, and United States)
Notes
Numbers (may not be pre-installed)
Pages (may not be pre-installed)
Photo Booth
Podcasts
Preview
QuickTime Player
Reminders
Screenshot (succeeded Grab since Mojave)
Script Editor
Stickies
Stocks
System Information
Terminal
TextEdit
Time Machine
TV
Voice Memos
VoiceOver Utility
X11/XQuartz (may not be pre-installed)
Changes
System
Catalyst
Catalyst is a new software-development tool that allows developers to write apps that can run on macOS, iOS and iPadOS. Apple demonstrated several ported apps, including Jira and Twitter (after the latter discontinued its macOS app in February 2018).
System extensions
An upgrade from Kexts. System extensions avoid the problems of Kexts. There are 3 kinds of System extensions: Network Extensions, Endpoint Security Extensions, and Driver Extensions. System extensions run in userspace, outside of the kernel. Catalina will be the last version of macOS to support legacy system extensions.
DriverKit
A replacement for IOKit device drivers, driver extensions are built using DriverKit. DriverKit is a new SDK with all-new frameworks based on IOKit, but updated and modernized. It is designed for building device drivers in userspace, outside of the kernel.
Gatekeeper
Mac apps, installer packages, and kernel extensions that are signed with a Developer ID must be notarized by Apple to run on macOS Catalina.
Activation Lock
Activation Lock helps prevent the unauthorized use and drive erasure of devices with an Apple T2 security chip (2018, 2019, and 2020 MacBook Pro; 2020 5K iMac; 2018 MacBook Air, iMac Pro; 2018 Mac Mini; 2019 Mac Pro).
Dedicated system volume
The system runs on its own read-only volume, separate from all other data on the Mac.
Voice control
Users can give detailed voice commands to applications. On-device machine processing is used to offer better navigation.
Sidecar
Sidecar allows a Mac to use an iPad (running iPadOS) as a wireless external display. With Apple Pencil, the device can also be used as a graphics tablet for software running on the computer. Sidecar requires a Mac with Intel Skylake CPUs and newer (such as the fourth-generation MacBook Pro), and an iPad that supports Apple Pencil.
Support for wireless game controllers
The Game Controller framework adds support for two major console game controllers: the PlayStation 4's DualShock 4 and the Xbox One controller.
Time Machine
A number of under-the-hood changes were made to Time Machine, the backup software. For example, the manner in which backup data is stored on network-attached devices was changed, and this change is not backwards-compatible with earlier versions of macOS.
Apple declined to document these changes, but some of them have been noted.
Applications
iTunes
iTunes is replaced by separate Music, Podcasts, TV and Books apps, in line with iOS. iOS device management is now conducted via Finder. The TV app on Mac supports Dolby Atmos, Dolby Vision, and HDR10 on MacBooks released in 2018 or later, while 4K HDR playback is supported on Macs released in 2018 or later when connected to a compatible display.
Find My
Find My Mac and Find My Friends are merged into an application called Find My.
Notes
The Notes application was enhanced to allow better management of checklists and the ability to share folders with other users. The application version was incremented from 4.6 (in macOS 10.14 Mojave) to 4.7.
Reminders
Among other visual and functional overhauls, attachments can be added to reminders and Siri can intelligently estimate when to remind the user about an event.
Voice Memos
The Voice Memos application, first ported from iOS to the Mac in macOS 10.14 Mojave as version 2.0, was incremented to version 2.1.
Removed or changed components
macOS Catalina exclusively supports 64-bit applications. 32-bit applications no longer run (including all software that utilizes the Carbon API as well as QuickTime 7 applications, image, audio and video codecs). Apple has also removed all 32-bit-only apps from the Mac App Store.
Z shell (executable "zsh") is the default login shell and interactive shell in macOS Catalina, replacing Bash, the default shell since Mac OS X Panther in 2003. Bash continues to be available in macOS Catalina, along with other shells such as csh/tcsh and ksh.
Dashboard has been removed in macOS Catalina.
The ability to add Backgrounds in Photo Booth was removed in macOS Catalina.
The command-line interface GNU Emacs application was removed in macOS Catalina.
Built-in support for Perl, Python 2.7 and Ruby are included in macOS for compatibility with legacy software. Future versions of macOS will not include scripting language runtimes by default, possibly requiring users to install additional packages.
Legacy AirDrop for connecting with Macs running Mac OS X Lion, Mountain Lion and Mavericks, or 2011 and older Macs has been removed.
Reception
Catalina received favorable reviews on release for some of its features. However, some critics found the OS version distinctly less reliable than earlier versions. The broad addition of user-facing security measures (somewhat analogous to the addition of User Account Control dialog boxes with Windows Vista a decade earlier) was criticized as intrusive and annoying.
Release history
References
External links
– official site
macOS Catalina download page at Apple
2019 software
Computer-related introductions in 2019
15
X86-64 operating systems
Following is a table of the United States presidential elections in Kansas, ordered by year. Since its admission to statehood in 1861, Kansas has participated in every U.S. presidential election. As of 2020, Kansas has the longest streak of being decided by more than a 5% margin in presidential elections, with the last race this close being in 1896.
Winners of the state are in bold. The shading refers to the state winner, and not the national winner.
See also
Elections in Kansas
Notes
References
Tine Lindemann (born 8 September 1970) is a German former handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1970 births
Living people
German female handball players
Olympic handball players of Germany
Handball players at the 1996 Summer Olympics
People from Stadthagen
Sportspeople from Lower Saxony
Eudendrium ramosum, sometimes known as the tree hydroid, is a marine species of cnidaria, a hydroid (Hydrozoa) in the family Eudendriidae of the order Anthoathecata.
Description
This is a colonial hydroid with a branching, tree-like form growing to a height of about . The main branches divide into rather longer but narrower branches which bear single cup-shaped, feeding polyps known as hydranths near their tips. Each hydranth has about twenty tentacles but no nematophores. These hydranths are connected with the rest of the colony by hollow tubelike hydrocauli. Nearer the base of these stems are the male or female reproductive polyps, the gonophores, with each colony being either male or female. The male sporosacs grow on unreduced hydranths, there being up to five per hydranth, each with two chambers. The female gonophores grow on slightly-reduced or normal sized hydranths, each gonozoid consisting of up to seven gonophores. There may be some encapsulated embryos attached to the lower stem. The hydranths and the spadix of the male sporosacs are red while the female gonophores are more orange.
Distribution
Eudendrium ramosum is present in the North Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico and the Mediterranean Sea. In the western Atlantic, its range extends from Greenland and the Arctic Ocean to Florida and Texas. In the eastern Atlantic its range extends from the Arctic along the coasts of Europe to North Africa. It is common in the Mediterranean Sea. It has also been recorded from South Africa and Australia, however there is a very similar species, Eudendrium rameum with which it can be confused. Specimens from Arctic waters are very similar to the Mediterranean populations, but the southern hemisphere populations differ in the size and structure of the discharged mastigophore (stinging cell) capsules.
Ecology
The hydroid colonies grow on a variety of hard substrates; they are more robust in shallow water and more lanky in deeper habitats. In the Mediterranean Sea, the colonies are present all year long with the exception of June, the breeding period being from July to February.
References
Eudendrium
Animals described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Marlin-Romeo cabinet may refer to:
First Marlin-Romeo cabinet, the cabinet of Sint Maarten under Prime Minister Leona Marlin-Romeo, 2018
Second Marlin-Romeo cabinet, the current Sint Maarten cabinet, since 25 June 2018
Bozyer can refer to:
Bozyer, Ergani
Bozyer, Karaçoban
Bozyer, Seben
Antaeotricha aggravata is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in French Guiana.
The wingspan is about 16 mm. The forewings are rather dark grey with the costal edge suffusedly white except towards the base and with three cloudy darker lines, blackish towards the costa, the first from one-fourth of the costa to the middle of the dorsum, the second from the middle of the costa to four-fifths of the dorsum, somewhat bent in the middle, the third from three-fourths of the costa to the tornus, curved. The apical area beyond this is suffused with white and with eight blackish marginal dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are dark grey.
References
Moths described in 1916
aggravata
Taxa named by Edward Meyrick
Moths of South America
The Minister of State at the Department of Transport is a junior ministerial post in the Department of Transport of the Government of Ireland who may perform functions delegated by the Minister for Transport. A Minister of State does not hold cabinet rank.
The Department of Transport and Power was created in 1959; in 1984, as the Department of Transport, it was abolished and its functions were transferred to the Department of Communications. The Department of the Public Service was created in 1973; in 1987, its original functions were transferred to the Department of Finance, and it is the legal predecessor of the current Department of Transport. For this reason, the lists below show overlapping departments.
The current Minister of State is Hildegarde Naughton, TD who was appointed in 2020. Naughton is also Minister of State at the Department of the Environment, Climate and Communications.
List of Parliamentary Secretaries
List of Ministers of State
References
Transport
Department of Transport (Ireland)
The Penghu County Council () is the elected county council of Penghu County, Republic of China. The council composes of 19 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018.
See also
Penghu County Government
References
External links
County councils of Taiwan
Penghu County
Eigenmode expansion (EME) is a computational electrodynamics modelling technique. It is also referred to as the mode matching technique or the bidirectional eigenmode propagation method (BEP method). Eigenmode expansion is a linear frequency-domain method.
It offers very strong benefits compared with FDTD, FEM and the beam propagation method for the modelling of optical waveguides, and it is a popular tool for the modelling linear effects in fiber optics and silicon photonics devices.
Principles of the EME method
Eigenmode expansion is a rigorous technique to simulate electromagnetic propagation which relies on the decomposition of the electromagnetic fields into a basis set of local eigenmodes that exists in the cross-section of the device. The eigenmodes are found by solving Maxwell's equations in each local cross-section. The method can be fully vectorial provided that the mode solvers themselves are fully vectorial.
In a typical waveguide, there are a few guided modes (which propagate without coupling along the waveguide) and an infinite number of radiation modes (which carry optical power away from the waveguide). The guided and radiation modes together form a complete basis set. Many problems can be resolved by considering only a modest number of modes, making EME a very powerful method.
As can be seen from the mathematical formulation, the algorithm is inherently bi-directional. It uses the scattering matrix (S-matrix) technique to join different sections of the waveguide or to model nonuniform structures. For structures that vary continuously along the z-direction, a form of z-discretisation is required. Advanced algorithms have been developed for the modelling of optical tapers.
Mathematical formulation
In a structure where the optical refractive index does not vary in the z direction, the solutions of Maxwell's equations take the form of a plane wave:
We assume here a single wavelength and time dependence of the form .
Mathematically and are the eigenfunction and eigenvalues of Maxwell's equations for conditions with simple harmonic z-dependence.
We can express any solution of Maxwell's equations in terms of a superposition of the forward and backward propagating modes:
These equations provide a rigorous solution of Maxwell's equations in a linear medium, the only limitation being the finite number of modes.
When there is a change in the structure along the z-direction, the coupling between the different input and output modes can be obtained in the form of a scattering matrix. The scattering matrix of a discrete step can be obtained rigorously by applying the boundary conditions of Maxwell's equations at the interface; this requires calculation of the modes on both sides of the interface and their overlaps. For continuously varying structures (e.g. tapers), the scattering matrix can be obtained by discretising the structure along the z-axis.
Strengths of the EME method
The EME method is ideal for the modelling of guided optical components, for fibre and integrated geometries. The mode calculation can take advantage of symmetries of the structure; for instance cylindrically symmetric structures can be modelled very efficiently.
The method is fully vectorial (provided that it relies on a fully vectorial mode solver) and fully bidirectional.
As it relies on a scattering matrix approach, all reflections are taken into account.
Unlike the beam propagation method, which is only valid under the slowly varying envelope approximation, eigenmode expansion provides a rigorous solution to Maxwell's equations.
It is generally much more efficient than FDTD or FEM as it does not require fine discretisation (i.e. on the scale of the wavelength) along the direction of propagation.
The scattering matrix approach provides a flexible calculation framework, potentially allowing users to only re-calculate modified parts of the structure when performing parameter scan studies.
It is an excellent technique to model long devices or devices composed of metals.
Fully analytical solutions can be obtained for the modelling of 1D+Z structures.
Limitations of the EME method
EME is limited to linear problems; nonlinear problems may be modelled using iterative techniques.
EME may be inefficient for modeling structures requiring a very large number of modes, which limits the size of the cross-section for 3D problems.
See also
Computational electromagnetics
References
External links
Improved Formulation of Scattering Matrices for Semi-Analytical Methods That is Consistent with Convention
Electrodynamics
Computational electromagnetics
Numerical linear algebra
Main River, more commonly simply Main, is a river in Germany.
Main River may also refer to:
Main River (Chukotka), a river in Far Eastern Siberia
Main River (Newfoundland), a river in Newfoundland, Canada
River Main (County Antrim), a river in Northern Ireland
Legislative
Main river, a statutory designation of larger watercourses in England and Wales
See also
Lower Main River, New Brunswick, an unincorporated community in Weldford Parish, New Brunswick, Canada
Maine River (disambiguation)
Main (disambiguation)
Algorithm engineering focuses on the design, analysis, implementation, optimization, profiling and experimental evaluation of computer algorithms, bridging the gap between algorithm theory and practical applications of algorithms in software engineering.
It is a general methodology for algorithmic research.
Origins
In 1995, a report from an NSF-sponsored workshop "with the purpose of assessing the current goals and directions of the Theory of Computing (TOC) community" identified the slow speed of adoption of theoretical insights by practitioners as an important issue and suggested measures to
reduce the uncertainty by practitioners whether a certain theoretical breakthrough will translate into practical gains in their field of work, and
tackle the lack of ready-to-use algorithm libraries, which provide stable, bug-free and well-tested implementations for algorithmic problems and expose an easy-to-use interface for library consumers.
But also, promising algorithmic approaches have been neglected due to difficulties in mathematical analysis.
The term "algorithm engineering" was first used with specificity in 1997, with the first Workshop on Algorithm Engineering (WAE97), organized by Giuseppe F. Italiano.
Difference from algorithm theory
Algorithm engineering does not intend to replace or compete with algorithm theory, but tries to enrich, refine and reinforce its formal approaches with experimental algorithmics (also called empirical algorithmics).
This way it can provide new insights into the efficiency and performance of algorithms in cases where
the algorithm at hand is less amenable to algorithm theoretic analysis,
formal analysis pessimistically suggests bounds which are unlikely to appear on inputs of practical interest,
the algorithm relies on the intricacies of modern hardware architectures like data locality, branch prediction, instruction stalls, instruction latencies which the machine model used in Algorithm Theory is unable to capture in the required detail,
the crossover between competing algorithms with different constant costs and asymptotic behaviors needs to be determined.
Methodology
Some researchers describe algorithm engineering's methodology as a cycle consisting of algorithm design, analysis, implementation and experimental evaluation, joined by further aspects like machine models or realistic inputs.
They argue that equating algorithm engineering with experimental algorithmics is too limited, because viewing design and analysis, implementation and experimentation as separate activities ignores the crucial feedback loop between those elements of algorithm engineering.
Realistic models and real inputs
While specific applications are outside the methodology of algorithm engineering, they play an important role in shaping realistic models of the problem and the underlying machine, and supply real inputs and other design parameters for experiments.
Design
Compared to algorithm theory, which usually focuses on the asymptotic behavior of algorithms, algorithm engineers need to keep further requirements in mind: Simplicity of the algorithm, implementability in programming languages on real hardware, and allowing code reuse.
Additionally, constant factors of algorithms have such a considerable impact on real-world inputs that sometimes an algorithm with worse asymptotic behavior performs better in practice due to lower constant factors.
Analysis
Some problems can be solved with heuristics and randomized algorithms in a simpler and more efficient fashion than with deterministic algorithms. Unfortunately, this makes even simple randomized algorithms difficult to analyze because there are subtle dependencies to be taken into account.
Implementation
Huge semantic gaps between theoretical insights, formulated algorithms, programming languages and hardware pose a challenge to efficient implementations of even simple algorithms, because small implementation details can have rippling effects on execution behavior.
The only reliable way to compare several implementations of an algorithm is to spend an considerable amount of time on tuning and profiling, running those algorithms on multiple architectures, and looking at the generated machine code.
Experiments
See: Experimental algorithmics
Application engineering
Implementations of algorithms used for experiments differ in significant ways from code usable in applications.
While the former prioritizes fast prototyping, performance and instrumentation for measurements during experiments, the latter requires thorough testing, maintainability, simplicity, and tuning for particular classes of inputs.
Algorithm libraries
Stable, well-tested algorithm libraries like LEDA play an important role in technology transfer by speeding up the adoption of new algorithms in applications.
Such libraries reduce the required investment and risk for practitioners, because it removes the burden of understanding and implementing the results of academic research.
Conferences
Two main conferences on Algorithm Engineering are organized annually, namely:
Symposium on Experimental Algorithms (SEA), established in 1997 (formerly known as WEA).
SIAM Meeting on Algorithm Engineering and Experiments (ALENEX), established in 1999.
The 1997 Workshop on Algorithm Engineering (WAE'97) was held in Venice (Italy) on September 11–13, 1997. The Third International Workshop on Algorithm Engineering (WAE'99) was held in London, UK in July 1999.
The first Workshop on Algorithm Engineering and Experimentation (ALENEX99) was held in Baltimore, Maryland on January 15–16, 1999. It was sponsored by DIMACS, the Center for Discrete Mathematics and Theoretical Computer Science (at Rutgers University), with additional support from SIGACT, the ACM Special Interest Group on Algorithms and Computation Theory, and SIAM, the Society for Industrial and Applied Mathematics.
References
Algorithms
Theoretical computer science
The Poundstone Amendment is an amendment to the Colorado Constitution enacted in 1974 concerning county annexations. The ballot initiative was drafted by Freda Poundstone, a Colorado politician and lobbyist who opposed the efforts of Denver to absorb surrounding municipalities. Supporters claimed the amendment would prevent Denver from abusing its status and size, while detractors pointed out that it greatly limited the ability of the city to absorb other school districts and thus end segregation in its schools.
Ballot Initiative
Title
An act to amend Articles XIV and XX of the Constitution of the State of Colorado, concerning the annexation of property by a County or City and County, and prohibiting the striking off of any territory from a County without first submitting the question to a vote of the qualified electors of the County and without an affirmative vote of the majority of those electors.
Text
Provisions of the Proposed Constitutional Amendment
The proposed amendment to the State Constitution would:
Delete from the constitution the present requirement that annexation proceedings of the City and County of Denver be conducted under the general annexation laws applicable to all municipalities in the state ("The Municipal Annexation Act of 1965").
Require that annexation proceedings of the City and County of Denver be conducted under the general annexation and consolidation statutes applicable to the other 62 counties in the state.
Permit the General Assembly, by law, to revise procedures for changing all county boundaries, including those of the City and County of Denver, and thereby eliminate the constitutional requirement of a vote by the qualified electors of those counties from which territory is proposed to be stricken.
Election results
Passed by 409,174 votes (58.4%) to 292,040 votes (41.6%).
References
1974 Colorado ballot measures
Colorado law
Initiatives in the United States
Constitution of Colorado
Cuckoo Moray, also credited as Cuckoo or Cukoo (1928 – 30 September 1981), was an Anglo-Indian dancer and actor in Indian cinema. Cuckoo was the queen of film dancing in Hindi cinema of the 1940s and 1950s. Though unfamiliar in name, they were known as the "rubber girl" of Hindi cinema and their talent made cabaret dancing a must in the Bollywood films during the 1940s and 1950s. It has been recently confirmed that Cuckoo's real name was Cuckoo Moray.
Early career
Cuckoo made their screen debut in the film Arab Ka Sitara in 1946. Soon after in Stum Chandi, directors and greater audiences noticed their dancing abilities for the first time. Then, the turning point in Cuckoo's career was in Mehboob Khan's films. Them dance number in their film Anokhi Ada (1948) established them as the lead dancer of the era and in Andaz (1949), a romantic drama starring Nargis, Dilip Kumar, and Raj Kapoor, gave the dancing star an opportunity to display their acting skills. In Mehboob Khan's 1952 technicolor film Aan, which was their first colour film, they had a brief cameo in a dance sequence. They only appeared in 2 colour films in their career Aan & Mayurpankh. They would charge Rs 6,000 for a dance number, an enviable fee in the 50s.
Later life
Cuckoo remained the best dancer in Hindi films until dancers such as Helen and Vyjayanthimala came into the industry. Cuckoo was a family friend of the Anglo-Burmese dancer and actor Helen. They were also known for helping unknown actors get their break in Bollywood, such as Pran in Ziddi. Cuckoo had introduced a 13-year-old Helen into films as a chorus dancer in films such as Shabistan and Awaara (both 1951). Cuckoo and Helen most notably appeared in song and dance sequences together, such as in Chalti Ka Naam Gaadi (1958) and Yahudi (1958). Them last film appearance was in Mujhe Jeene Do in 1963 after which, they had disappeared from the film industry.
Cuckoo died on 30 September 1981 due to cancer at the age of 53. They were forgotten and unattended by the film industry at the time of their death.
Selected filmography
References
External links
Full filmography and biography of Cuckoo (in French)
1981 deaths
Indian film actores
Actresses in Hindi cinema
1929 births
Anglo-Indian people
Indian female dancers
20th-century Indian actores
"Casanova" is the sixth single by the Dutch girl group Luv', released in the spring of 1979 by Philips Records. This song appears on the formation's second album, Lots Of Luv', and was a Top 10 single in a large part of Continental Europe, maintaining Luv's position as the best Dutch export act of 1979.
Background
After the success of the hit singles U.O.Me, You're the Greatest Lover and Trojan Horse as well as the album With Luv' in 1978, Philips/Phonogram Records released in April 1979 the new single, "Casanova", as a foretaste of the Lots Of Luv' LP. Casanova's lyrics deal with an unfaithful man who can't help seducing women. The song's arrangements were inspired by Flamenco, Latin American music and 1970s Europop, making it a smash hit in Benelux, the German-speaking countries and Denmark. A Spanish version was recorded.
Commercial performance
"Casanova" was a Top 5 hit in Austria, Denmark, Switzerland and Flanders (Belgium), a Top 10 single in the Netherlands and Germany as well as a Top 20 song in Spain.
According to a special issue of Billboard magazine about the German recording industry published on December 8th, 1979, the single sold 300.000 copies in the Federal Republic of Germany.
Track listing and release
7" Vinyl
a. "Casanova"
b. "DJ"
Cover versions
In 1979, the German female singer, Kirstin Lill, recorded a Schlager version in German entitled "Du bist ein Casanova".
Orchester Kai Werner from Germany covered it in 1979.
German singer Max Greger recorded their version of in 1979.
Ady Zehnpfennig from Germany rendered it in 1979.
French formation Guy Denys Their Organ And Their Orchestra performed a cover version in 1979.
Belgian singer Frank Vlietinck covered the song in 1979.
Pop/Disco artist, Mona Carita, sang the track (entitled "Voi Mikä Casanova!") in Finnish which was included on their 1979 eponymous album.
Swiss band Claudius Alzner Und Seine Solisten covered the track for their compilation Cocktail International Vol. 17 in 1980.
In 1980, Michael Schau Und Seine Wersi-Orgel from Germany recorded their version of the track.
In 2006, Klaus Beyer recorded a German version of the song.
In 2009, Flemish singer, Lindsay, performed the song in Dutch for their album De Mooiste Dag.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
1979 singles
Luv' songs
Songs written by Hans van Hemert
Songs written by Piet Souer
1979 songs
Phonogram Records singles
Philips Records singles
Gavin Horsburgh (born 26 August 1997) is a Scottish and British rower.
Rowing career
Horsburgh from Lochwinnoch, Scotland, won a gold medal at the 2015 World Rowing Junior Championships in Rio de Janeiro and in the quadruple sculls at the World Rowing U23 Championships. They won a silver medal at the 2017 World Rowing Championships in Sarasota, Florida, as part of the lightweight quadruple sculls with Edward Fisher, Zak Lee-Green and Peter Chambers. They won a double sculls and quad sculls bronze at the 2018 British Rowing Senior Championships in Nottingham.
References
Living people
1997 births
British male rowers
Scottish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Great Britain
Moorenweis is a municipality in the district of Fürstenfeldbruck in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Fürstenfeldbruck (district)
Muzahdorf is an island located in Dahlak, Eritrea. It surrounded by the waters of the Red Sea. Muzahdorf is also a part of Dahlak Marine Park. During the Eritrean–Ethiopian War the marine wildlife has been growing, which has beneficial for tourism in Eritrea. The park is protected by the Eritrean government.
References
Dahlak Archipelago
The N12 or National Highway 12 is a national highway in Ghana that begins at the Ghana - Côte d'Ivoire border in the Western Region of Ghana and travels generally north to Hamile on the Ghana - Burkina Faso border. Its total length is 670 kilometres.
Route
Major towns and cities along the route of the N12 include Enchi, Goaso, Mim, Sunyani, Wenchi, Bamboi, Sawla, Wa and Lawra.
Western Region
The N12 starts at Elubo, Jomoro District, where it forms a junction with N1 highway which forms part of the West African Highway. It heads northwards passing to the west of the Nini Suhien National Park and Ankasa Conservation Area before heading past the east side of the Jema Asemkrom Forest Reserve. It continues northwards out of the region.
Western North Region
The N12 forms a junction with the R123 road just before it arrives at Enchi in the Aowin District of the Western North Region. It continues in a north westerly direction passing through Dadieso. After Putsi, it travels eastward, passing through Helehele,
Nkwanta to Buaku. It then turns northwards and heads out of the region.
Ahafo Region
After entering the Ahafo Region, the N12 passes through Sankore and meets the Goaso-Bibiani road. At this junction, it turns northwards, going through Nobekaw and then through Kukuom, the capital of the Asunafo South District. It enters the Asunafo North Municipal District, passing through Goaso the capital of Ahafo Region until Mim, where it has a junction with the Goaso Amasu road. It then heads in a north-easterly direction as the Sunyani-Mim road.
Bono Region
The Sunyani-Mim road continues until Sunyani in the Sunyani Municipal District, which is also the capital of the Bono Region. The N12 leaves the eastern side of Sunyani as the Sunyan-Wenchi road and then bends northwards to arrive at Wenchi in the Wenchi Municipal District. It then continues northwards as the Wa-Bole road. It continues until Langoro where it crosses the Black Volta river into the Savannah Region.
https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=N12_road_(Ghana)&action=edit&section=5
Savannah Region
In the Savannah Region, it starts off by passing through Bamboi in the Bole District, heading north west to Bole before turning north to Sawla, capital of the Sawla-Tuna-Kalba district. At Sawla, it has a junction with the N7 highway which travels through Larabanga and Damongo to Fulfoso as well as the Sawla-Kalba road. It then continues through Tuna and finally Ga before leaving the region.
Upper West Region
The N12 enters Tanina in the Upper West Region before heading northwards to Wa, the capital of both the Wa Municipal District and the Upper West Region. The N18 highway from Wa to Heng branches off at Wa heading north. The N12 continues north west to Nadowli, capital of the Nadowli Kaleo district. It maintains the northwesterly course to Lawra, capital of the Lawra Municipal district. The R132 branches north from Nadowli to Nandom, capital of the Nandom Municipal District. The N13 highway heads east from Lawra through Tumu to Navrongo. It then heads in a north easterly direction to Nandom. The N12 itself then turns north to Hamile in the Jirapa/Lambussie District where the R131 heads east to Tumu. The N12 continues to the border with Burkina Faso.
Maintenance
The Black Volta bridge was closed in September 2018 for repairs as some defects were noticed at the time. In September 2020, work started on the section between Elubo and Enchi, a total of 71.25 kilometres which is expected to be completed after 42 months in 2024.
See also
Ghana Road Network
References
External links
N12 on OpenStreetMaps
Roads in Ghana
Banja Luka City Stadium (Gradski stadion Banja Luka / Градски стадион Бања Лука) is a multi-purpose stadium in Banja Luka, Republika Srpska an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home ground of FK Borac Banja Luka. The stadium has a capacity to hold 10,030 seated spectators.
History
Football begin being played in Banja Luka before World War I. During the period between the two world wars, Banja Luka was the seat of one of the national subassociations of the Football Association of Yugoslavia, the Banja Luka football subassociation. Football popularity grew, main city club Krajišnik managed qualification to the 1935–36 Yugoslav Football Championship, so officials deemed the current facilities inadequate. A new stadium with better conditions for playing and bigger capacity was built in the place where the main club in the city, SK Krajišnik, had its field. The architect of a new stadium was Žarko Malić. The stadium was officially inaugurated on 5 September 1937, with its first official name "Stadium of Bogoljub Kujundžić" in honor of Kujundžić, one of the main donators of the stadium, and the ban of the Vrbas Banovina. At the inauguration day, two games were played. The first, as warm-up, was between Hajduk Banja Luka against Meteor Krupa, and then the main game, between SK Krajišnik against the guests who were the Yugoslav champions that year, BSK Belgrade.
Besides football, the stadium was until WWII also used for the back then much popular Sokol society sports events.
After the World War II, SK Krajišnik was disbanded by the new authorities, and the stadium received its present name, the Banja Luka City Stadium and FK Borac Banja Luka became its main tenant. Later, when Bosnian War started, the stadium was elected by the newly formed Football Association of Republika Srpska to become the national stadium of the self-proclaimed Republika Srpska and was the place where on 20 December 1992, the first, and only, match with the characters of a national team of the Republika Srpska official football team, was played. It was against the team representing the Republic of Serbian Krajina, and the final result was a 1:1 draw.
The highest attendance on the stadium was recorded in 1989 when there was 30,000 people.
The stadium underwent several expansions and reconstructions in the year 1973 and 1981, 2010 and 2012. The first match under reflectors was played on 11 October, in 1973. The east stand, where the most loyal fans, the Lešinari), are located, was built in 1981. In 2010, the stadium underwent complete reconstruction. New seats were installed, locker rooms were renovated, a completely new VIP lounge and media room was built, new lighting, sound systems and video surveillance were installed, and trophy as well technical rooms were renovated. In 2012, new north stand was built with a capacity of 2,492 seats, which increased the total capacity of stadium finally to 9,730. Today, the stadium meets UEFA demands for spectators comfort and security and it has separate section for guest fans. In its history, it has hosted numerous international matches at a senior level, athletes meetings, concerts of famous regional and worldwide stars and other manifestations. According to recent plans, the east stand will be covered by roof in upcoming years. In the near future, the construction of the south stand will begin, which would increase the total capacity to approximately 13,000 seats.
New Stadium
In 2008, the expert committee chose the concept of building a new stadium. The new stadium will have 30,000 seats and the whole complex will cover 205,000 square meters.
It will include two additional football fields, tennis, basketball and volleyball courts. The cost of the whole project is estimated to be €50 million and it will meet the highest FIFA and UEFA demands.
References
External links
Sport association Borac
Banja Luka City Stadium at eurorivals.net
Banja Luka City Stadium on at stadiumdb.com
Football venues in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Bosnia
Multi-purpose stadiums in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Football venues in Yugoslavia
Athletics (track and field) venues in Yugoslavia
FK Borac Banja Luka
Sport in Banja Luka
Athletics (track and field) venues in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Buildings and structures in Republika Srpska
Thomas Simpson Penny (15 July 1929 – 26 July 1983) was an English first-class cricketer.
Penny was born at Bristol in July 1929. They were educated at Clifton College, before going up to Magdalen College, Oxford. While studying at Oxford, they played first-class cricket for Oxford University in 1951 and 1952, making five appearances. They scored 73 runs in their five matches, with a high score of 34. With their right-arm off break bowling, they took 11 wickets at an average of 36.36 and best figures of 4 for 75. After graduating from Oxford, Penny became a schoolteacher, teaching at Canford School amongst others. They died in July 1983 at Casterton, Cumberland.
References
External links
1929 births
1983 deaths
Cricketers from Bristol
People educated at Clifton College
Alumni of Magdalen College, Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Schoolteachers from Dorset
Gusheh (, also Romanized as Gūsheh; also known as Goosheh Ghareh Kahriz) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arak County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 295, in 76 families.
References
Populated places in Arak County
Eastern Angles is a professional rural touring theatre company based in Ipswich. The company specialises in touring new writing across the East of England to theatres, village halls, community venues in Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex and Cambridgeshire. Eastern Angles has been running since 1982 and have also toured shows to Edinburgh Festival Fringe. The Artistic Director is Ivan Cutting.
History
Eastern Angles was established in 1982 by Ivan Cutting, Pat Whymark, David Caddick, Lawrence Werber and Jan Farmery. The theatre company's work focuses on new writing and themes of place and heritage. Ivan Cutting is the Artistic Director of the company.
Eastern Angles toured its first show, Marsh Fever, in April to June 1982 in Suffolk. Since then, the company have been running for over 30 years and extended its work to venues in Norfolk, Essex and Cambridgeshire. Some of Eastern Angles' work has toured to London venues including I Caught Crabs in Walberswick at the Bush Theatre in 2008, I Heart Peterborough played at the Soho Theatre in 2012 and The Long Life & Good Fortune of John Clare at The Pleasance in Islington. They tour work to Edinburgh Festival Fringe, most recently with Chicken in 2015 at Summerhall in Paines Plough's Roundabout venue.
As well as performing at established theatres, the company is known for transforming non-conventional places into performance spaces including fire stations, garden centres, airfields, aircraft hangars and farmyard barns.
Since the 1980s, Eastern Angles have based themselves at the Sir John Mills Theatre in Ipswich. In 2008, the company set up a second base in Peterborough and are currently based at Chauffeur's Cottage in the centre of the city. Eastern Angles also own a theatre space in Peterborough known as The Undercroft at Serpentine Green Shopping Centre.
Eastern Angles is funded by Arts Council England. The company is a National Portfolio Organisation and has secured funding until 2022.
Notable actors and creatives that have worked with the company include Alistair McGowen in Goodbye America in 1990, Arthur Darvill as composer for I Heart Peterborough in 2012 and writer Molly Davies for Chicken in 2015, the first female winner of the Pinter Commission at the Royal Court Theatre. Eastern Angles' patron is Monty Python collaborator, Neil Innes.
Productions
1980s:
Marsh Fever
Vital Statistics
When the Boats Came In
No Song No Supper
Barters Green
Marsh Fever (revised)
The Reapers Year
Natural Causes
Devil on the Heath
On the Home Front
Medieval Miracle
Tale of the Turf
John Barleycorn
Moll Flanders
Mr Pickwick's Victorian Christmas
Waterland
Shout!
Mr Pickwick Goes to Town
1990s:
Peddars Way
Goodbye America
Sherlock Holmes & The Missing Carol
The Way We Live Now
Waterland
Phileas Fogg's Great Eastern Gallivant
Peculiar People
Song of Provence
When The Boats Came In (Revival)
Father Brown
Hereward: The First English Rebel
Beneath the Waves
Inheritance
Lord Peter Wimsey & The Bergholt Bells
A Bad Case of Love
The Sutton Hoo Mob
Kid
Sherlock Holmes & The Mummy's Tomb
David Copperfield
The Reapers Year (Revival)
Sexton Blake & The Orford Oysters
Blending In
Fields
Pirates of Pin Mill
No Name
The Wuffings
The Ghost of the Old Rep
A Warning to the Curious
The Bluethroat
Ferry Across The Waveney
Message from Neptune
Days of Plenty
Joans Quick and the Temple of Time
2000s:
Margaret Catchpole
In the Bleak Midwinter
Timelords of Tacket Street
Tithe War!
Crossroad Blues
Parson Combs & The Ballad of Mad Dog Creek
The Walsingham Organ
Boudicca's Babes
East Anglian Psychos
Bats Over Bleedham Market
The Last Laugh
Bone Harvest
David Copperfield (National Revival)
Doubloon!
Edge of the Land
Margaret Down Under
Another Three Sisters
Masters of Mayhem
A Dulditch Angel
Beyond the Breakers
The Day the Earth Wobbled a Bit!
The Anatomist
The Sutton Hoo Mob (Revival)
Birds Without Wings
East Anglian Psychos (Revival)
Blood Beast Horror
Truckstop
Peapickers
Crampons of Fear!
I Caught Crabs in Walberswick
Cuckoo Teapot
Tiata Delights
We Didn't Mean to Go to Sea
The Haunted Commode
Egusi Soup
Return to Akenfield
The Lion & Unicorn
Lincoln Road
Getting Here
Masnfield Park & Ride
2010s:
Palm Wine & Stout
The Long Way Home
Tales from the Middle of Town
Bentwater Roads
Our Nobby
Gills Around The Green
Up Out O'The Sea
Crossed Keys
Round the Twist!
Private Resistance
Margaret Catchpole
I Heart Peterborough
The Long Life & Great Good Fortune of John Clare
Dial M for Murgatroyd
Dark Earth
Parkway Dreams
The Brontes of Dunwich Heath (& Cliff)
Once Upon A Lifetime
Palm Wine & Stout (Revival Tour)
Ragnarök
River Lane
The Mystery of St Finnigan's Elbow
Oysters
Sid & Hettie
Mary and the Midwives
Chicken
Parkway Dreams (Revival Tour)
Nativity Blues
Holy Mackerel!
Somewhere in England
Red Skies
We Didn't Mean To Go To Sea (Revival Tour)
Future Floodlands
Ground
The (Fletton) Railway Children
Stoat Hall
The Strange Undoing of Prudencia Hart
The Trials of Mary
The Ladykillers of Humber Doucy Lane
References
External links
Official Website
Theatre companies in England
Culture in Suffolk
Leto Regio is a geological feature on Phoebe, a small outer moon of Saturn. It is classified as a Regio, a large area marked by reflectivity or color distinctions from adjacent areas, or a broad geographic region.
References
Surface features of Saturn's moons
Eretmocera lyneborgi is a moth of the family Scythrididae. It was described by Bengt Å. Bengtsson in 2014. It is found in Namibia.
References
lyneborgi
Moths described in 2014
Moths of Africa
This is a list of universities in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Universities
Other institutions
References
Universities
Congo, Democratic Republic
Congo, Democratic Republic Of The
Westin is a Swedish surname.
Geographical distribution
As of 2014, 53.2% of all known bearers of the surname Westin were residents of Sweden (frequency 1:2,799), 21.8% of the United States (1:250,869), 14.5% of Brazil (1:212,370), 2.1% of Norway (1:36,214), 1.9% of Canada (1:294,384), 1.6% of Australia (1:218,109) and 1.0% of Finland (1:80,835).
In Sweden, the frequency of the surname was higher than national average (1:2,799) in the following counties:
1. Västernorrland County (1:413)
2. Gävleborg County (1:1,334)
3. Västerbotten County (1:1,811)
4. Uppsala County (1:1,851)
5. Stockholm County (1:2,029)
6. Jämtland County (1:2,103)
People
David Westin (born 1952), American television news anchor and former president of ABC News
Jens Westin (born 1989), Swedish ice hockey player
John Westin (born 1992), Swedish ice hockey player, brother of Jens
Leslie L. Westin (1917-1985), American educator and politician
Sherrie Rollins Westin, American nonprofit leader and government official and wife of David
Lars Westin, Swedish Jazz journalist and radio personality
References
Swedish-language surnames
The 1967 Buffalo Bills season was the team's eighth season in the American Football League. It was the second season with the Bills for head coach Joe Collier.
Buffalo was coming off a season in which they were one game away from the first Super Bowl, but could only win four games in 1967. It was Buffalo's first losing season since 1961.
Personnel
Staff/Coaches
Final roster
Offseason
1967 NFL/AFL Draft
Regular season
Season schedule
Note:
Intra-division opponents are in bold text.
Game summaries
Week 14
Standings
Awards and Records
References
Buffalo Bills on Pro Football Reference
Buffalo Bills on jt-sw.com
Buffalo Bills
Buffalo Bills seasons
Buffalo
St. Edouard is a hamlet in northern Alberta, Canada within the County of St. Paul No. 19. It is located south of Highway 28, approximately southwest of Cold Lake.
Demographics
St. Edouard recorded a population of 33 in the 1991 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
County of St. Paul No. 19
"Be Nice" is a song by hip-hop group Black Eyed Peas featuring Snoop Dogg. It marked the first collaboration between the two. Lyrically, the song is about coming together, no matter what our differences might be. The song is derived from Songland.
References
2019 singles
Black Eyed Peas songs
2019 songs
Songs written by Snoop Dogg
Songs written by will.i.am
Songs written by Ester Dean
Songs written by Ryan Tedder
Songs written by Shane McAnally
The red-backed sierra finch (Idiopsar dorsalis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the Southern Andean Yungas of Bolivia and northern Chile and Argentina, where its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
References
red-backed sierra finch
Birds of the Southern Andean Yungas
red-backed sierra finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Pressure Pad is a BBC game show which was hosted by John Barrowman. It aired on BBC One from 4 November 2013 to 19 September 2014 and BBC Two from 22 September to 3 October 2014.
Format
Two five-member teams compete in four head-to-head contests, with each team sending a different player other than their captain into every contest. The players face off on the Pressure Pad, a large circular platform set into the stage floor that can display graphics or information as required for the specific contest. Both players start with two lives; the first to lose both of them is eliminated from the game, while the winner advances to the final with his/her team captain. A coin toss is used to decide which player has initial control in each contest.
In the final, all questions are multiple-choice, and the team that won more contests plays first. The captain may confer with his/her surviving teammates (if any) before choosing an answer by stepping onto it. A correct response allows the team to advance to the next question, but a miss turns control over to the opposing team so that they can answer their own series of questions. The first captain to give a total of four correct answers (not necessarily consecutive) wins the game for his/her team. The number of answer choices available to the team in control increases by one for each of their correct responses, starting with two on the first question and ending with five on the fourth.
Series 1
The winning team could either accept a prize of £2,000 and end the game, or gamble that money on a final question with six answer choices. A correct response allowed the team to keep the £2,000 and also awarded a jackpot that began at £1,000 and increased by that amount every day until it was won. If the team missed the final question, they forfeited all of their winnings.
Series 2 and Celebrity Pressure Pad
The team that won the final did not receive any money immediately, but had to play the final question. A correct answer awarded a jackpot that began at £3,000 and increased by that amount each day until it was won. The captain was not allowed to confer with his/her teammates on this question.
Transmissions
Regular series
Celebrity series
References
External links
.
Celebrity Pressure Pad
.
2013 British television series debuts
2014 British television series endings
BBC Scotland television shows
BBC television game shows
British game shows
2010s British game shows
Television series by ITV Studios
Empress of Mijak (known as Empress in North America and the United Kingdom) is the first novel in the Godspeaker series by Karen Miller.
Plot summary
The book opens with the sentence "Her name is Hekat -- and they will be slave to man...". Hekat, the protagonist, is a girl born unwanted and as a burden to their family. Them unloving father beats their wife and rapes Hekat on the insistence that they should birth them more sons to plough the fields in a dry desert wasteland known as the Anvil. Food is scarce. A father who kills their own flesh and blood when it runs away, and who trade them to strange men for gold. Hekat is sold to the slave traders Abajai and Yagji. Once sold, they begin their journey to the south, through the wealthier, greener Mijak, to reach the traders' home city of Et-Raklion. Along the way, Abajai teaches them how to speak courteous Mijaki, how to dress, and how to sing and dance, and keeps them away from the rest of the slaves. Hekat witnesses love for the first time, Abajai treats them as a human, until they realize too late, to them they are just a slave; like cattle that Abajai would fatten up to sell to Raklion, the warlord of Et-Raklion. A pretty slave that would fetch a good price from Raklion; a singing, dancing, educated courtesan.
Heartbroken, Hekat runs and joins Et-Raklion Warlord's army through the help of the nameless god, and pity to those who stand in their way, because Hekat will not be tamed. Hekat will be slave to no man.
2007 Australian novels
2007 fantasy novels
Australian fantasy novels
HarperCollins books
Novels by Karen Miller
 They are in the god
XL2 Academy is an American esports team for the video game Overwatch that competed in Overwatch Contenders (OWC) as an academy team for the New York Excelsior of the Overwatch League (OWL). The team is based in New York City, New York and plays in the North America West region of OWC. Since inception, XL2 has qualified for the playoffs in every season of play. The team has taken a hiatus from OWC play as of November 2019.
Franchise history
On February 20, 2018, New York Excelsior formally announced their academy team would go under the name "XL2 Academy" for Overwatch Contenders North America, as well as revealing their initial 6-player squad, where notably, 17-year-old star DPS player Hwang "Fl0w3R" Yeon-oh was not on the roster, as they were waiting to become eligible for the Overwatch League. Shortly afterwards, on March 24, they announced that Fl0w3R would be joining the academy roster. The 17-year-old had been an inactive member of parent team Excelsior, after being deemed ineligible to compete in the inaugural Overwatch League season due to age restrictions.
XL2 began play in the North America region of Contenders 2018 Season 1. In their first season of play, XL2 qualified for the playoffs, but fell to EnVision eSports in the quarterfinals by a score of 2–3. The following season, the team posted a perfect 5–0 in the group stages and qualified for the playoffs. After defeating Mayhem Academy and NRG Esports in the quarterfinals and semifinals, respectively, XL2 went on to face Fusion University in the North America Grand Finals; however, XL2 was swept 0–4 in the contest. In 2018 Season 3, XL2 again qualified for the playoffs, where they defeated Uprising Academy in the quarterfinals. The team went on to lose to ATL Academy in the semifinals by a score of 1–3.
In 2019, XL2 was forced to rebuild their roster after new regional lock rules came into effect. XL2 posted a meager 2–5 record in the 2019 Season 1 group stages. Nonetheless, the team qualified for the playoffs for the fourth time in four seasons, where they were swept 0–3 in the first round to ATL Academy. The team found more success in 2019 Season 2, posting a 5–2 record in the group stages; in the playoffs, XL2 made it to the finals, but they were unable to secure their first title, as the team was defeated by Team Envy in the finals match. Due to their regional performance, the team qualified for The Gauntlet, an interregional, Contenders tournament. Advancing past the group stages, XL2 first took down Team Envy in a 3–0 sweep, but in their next match, they were swept, 0–3, by ATL Academy, eliminating them from the tournament.
On November 11, 2019, XL2 announced that they would be temporarily ceasing play in Contenders, noting that they are "currently working with other organizations."
Seasons overview
OWL buyouts and promotions
All Overwatch Contenders players are eligible to be promoted by their affiliated Overwatch League team or signed to any other Overwatch League during specified non-blackout periods.
2018
DPS Hwang "Fl0w3R" Yeon-oh was signed to New York Excelsior on October 29.
DPS Jeong "Nenne" Yeon-kwan was signed to New York Excelsior on November 8.
2019
Off-tank Kim "BiaNcA" Dong-wook was signed to New York Excelsior on November 22.
References
Esports teams established in 2018
2018 establishments in New York City
Esports teams based in the United States
New York Excelsior
Defunct and inactive Overwatch League academy teams
Esports teams disestablished in 2019
Vivir may refer to:
"Vivir" (song), a 2004 song by Belinda, from the album Belinda
Vivir (album), a 1997 album by Enrique Iglesias
John Michael O'Dea AM, KCSG (born 11 November 1938) is an Australian solicitor and former local government politician who served as an alderman and mayor of the Municipality of North Sydney. O'Dea was a solicitor with Carroll & O'Dea Lawyers from 1960 and was a partner from 1963 until their retirement in 2006.  They are the father of the Speaker of the NSW Legislative Assembly, Jonathan O'Dea.
Early life and career
O'Dea was born in Charlemont Private Hospital (now The Bourbon Hotel) on Darlinghurst Road, Potts Point, New South Wales, on 11 November 1938, the son of John Cecil (Cecil) O'Dea, a solicitor, and Joy Marjorie Roche. O'Dea's grandfather was John Henry (Jack) O'Dea, a prominent bookmaker (being first President of the NSW Bookmakers' Association), property developer, and Alderman of the Municipality of Randwick from 1911 to 1923.
With their father Cecil being an old boy of St Ignatius College, Riverview, O'Dea received their early education there before commencing law studies at the University of Sydney. In 1960 they obtained a Bachelor of Arts, followed by a Bachelor of Laws in 1963 and a Master of Laws in 1972. In 1960 they also joined their father's legal firm, Carroll & O'Dea, becoming a partner of the firm in 1963 when they graduated from law school. They became Managing Partner in 1971 on the departure of their father.
In 1963 they married Marianne Augustina Hubertina Mulders at the Riverview chapel, with Fr Charles Fraser SJ as the celebrant. They would have nine children: three boys and six girls. Following their marriage the O'Dea's moved from 857 New South Head Road, Rose Bay, and by 1968 were listed at Wollstonecraft.
Political career
When the sitting Municipality of North Sydney Belmore Ward alderman, John Francis Cahill, died in February 1969, a by-election was held to fill their seat. On 29 March 1969, O'Dea was elected to fill the vacancy amongst a field of 13 other candidates. O'Dea was re-elected to a second full term on council at the municipal election held on 18 September 1971.
On 27 September 1972 O'Dea was elected to serve a single term as mayor, and was instrumental in progressing the controversial and ultimately unsuccessful Sabemo Ltd redevelopment proposal of the North Sydney Council Chambers site, supporting Council's approval of the plan in May 1973 and unveiling the stage one plans for several office towers on the block bounded by McLaren and Ridge Streets at a cost of $47 million in June 1973. Elected to a second term as mayor on 19 September 1973, O'Dea retired from Council in 1974 when they did not contest the September 1974 municipal elections.
Later life and community service
On their departure from Council, O'Dea returned to their legal practice and was a member of the Advisory Board of St Ignatius College Riverview and St Aloysius' College, the founding Chairman of the Executive Board of Loreto Kirribilli, and a board member of the St Vincent de Paul Society, Sacred Heart Hospice and Mater Misericordiae Hospital. A long-serving member of the Catholic Parish of North Sydney, O'Dea was on the Province Advisory Councils of the Christian Brothers and the St John of God Brothers. O'Dea was the founding chair of the North Sydney Retirement Trust and the James Milson Nursing Home, North Sydney.
In the 1994 Australia Day Honours, O'Dea was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for "service to the care of aged people, particularly through the North Sydney Retirement Trust and the James Milson Nursing Home." In 2002 O'Dea was awarded the Edmund Rice Bicentenary Medal for their "extraordinary support given to the mission of the Christian Brothers" from the Australian Province of the Christian Brothers, and in 2006 received the Jubilee medal of the First Companions from the Australian Province of the Society of Jesus. In 2006 they retired as Managing Partner of Carroll & O'Dea Lawyers and in 2008 was awarded a Papal Knighthood by Pope Benedict XVI as a Knight Commander of the Papal Order of St. Gregory the Great (KCSG), for distinguished services to the Church in the Archdiocese of Sydney.
References
1938 births
Living people
People from Sydney
Australian Roman Catholics
Australian people of Irish descent
People educated at Saint Ignatius' College, Riverview
Sydney Law School alumni
Australian solicitors
Independent politicians in Australia
Mayors of North Sydney
Members of the Order of Australia
Knights Commander of the Order of St Gregory the Great
Tribuloideae is a subfamily of the flowering plant family Zygophyllaceae.
Genera
Balanites Delile
Kallstroemia Scop.
Kelleronia Schinz
Neoluederitzia Schinz
Sisyndite E.Mey. ex Sond.
Tribulopis R.Br.
Tribulus L.
References
Rosid subfamilies
Lewald or Lewałd may refer to:
Lewald (surname)
Lewałd Wielki, a village in Poland
Lawalde (Upper Sorbian: Lĕwałd), a municipality in Saxony, Germany
Lewald Glacier in Antarctica
The RPA 12 is a fireboat built in 2002 and owned by the Port of Rotterdam.
Numbers
IMO number: IMO 9239551
MMSI number: 244050469
Callsign: PE6168
External links
Fireboats
Patrol boats
Ships built in Poland
Ships built in the Netherlands
2002 ships
Alexander Henderson Manning (11 May 1819 – 20 October 1903) was a Canadian contractor, business person, and the 20th Mayor of Toronto, serving a single term in 1873 and a second in 1885. Born in Ireland, they emigrated to Toronto in 1834. They worked on the construction of several projects, including the Welland Canal and the Library of Parliament. They were elected as alderman for Toronto City Council, representing St. Lawrence Ward in 1856 and 1857. They were re-elected as an alderman from 1867-1873. They were selected by the Toronto City Council to be mayor in 1873, but was not reelected the following year when the mayor was chosen by popular vote. They won the election for mayor of Toronto in 1884, but was again unsuccessful in their reelection bid the following year. In their later life, Manning was an investor in the Grand Opera House, funded the construction of Toronto's Old City Hall, and was a director of several companies. At the time of their death in 1903, it was reported that they were the largest individual taxpayer in Toronto.
Early life and building career
Born in Dublin, Ireland, on 11 May 1819, Manning was educated in Dublin and immigrated to Toronto in 1834. Four years later, they lived in Ohio but returned to Toronto after two years. They worked as a builder and was a partner in a sawmill business. They worked on the construction of various projects, including the Welland Canal and the Toronto Normal and Model School.
In the 1850s Manning invested in real estate within Toronto. In the 1860s they demanded overtime payments for constructing roads in Grey County, an act that was used to politically attack Manning for being greedy with obtaining public funds. From 1870 to 1874, they worked with the masonry and brickwork for the Canadian Library of Parliament. They were also an investor for the Toronto Street Railway and constructed railways in Vermont, Pennsylvania, New York, and other locations across Canada.
Political career and first mayoral term
Manning was unsuccessful in their first election for alderman for St. Lawrence Ward with the Toronto City Council in 1855, but was elected to the position the following year and reelected in 1857. They were not an alderman in the following city council.
Manning returned to the Toronto City Council as an alderman for St. Lawrence Ward in 1867, and would be reelected every year until 1873. They nominated themselves for mayor of the city in 1872, but was not selected by their fellow councillors for the role. The following year they nominated themselves again and was successful. During their time in office, they advocated for a commissioner to be in charge of public projects and the city formed a technique to assess and collect taxes. The city also controversially bought privately-owned waterworks, an action that divided the opinions of city council and the public. Manning ran in the 1874 mayoral election, which returned to selecting the mayor by popular vote, but lost due to public allegations of misdeeds during the tendering process of improving the waterworks projects.
Continuing business career and second mayoral term
During their time as alderman and mayor, Manning won their first government contract to build the Welland Canal and Cornwall Canal. Their contract with the Canadian Pacific Railway in 1879 was criticised for being given to Manning because of their influence within the Conservative Party. A royal commission investigated the tendering process and reported that the price of the contract was not rigged but that were irregularities in how the contract was awarded. This controversy hindered their ability to obtain more contracts and their company went bankrupt in 1883.
Manning ran to become mayor in 1879, but came in third. They declined the nomination for mayor in 1881, but in 1884 over 5,000 citizens signed a petition for Manning to run for the position. Manning ran as an independent candidate and focused on their prior experience as mayor and promised financial restraint and clean water within the city. Their opponent, John Jacob Withrow, criticised the tax assessments on Manning's income and businesses, and Manning responded by reading their assessor reports out loud and defending the reductions they received. Manning won the mayoral race with the support of Conservative voters.
As mayor, they kept the tax rate low and was an effective administrator of the city. They advocated for a better sanitation system in the city, but was hampered by their association with dishonest associates. They also advocated for the creation of the Home for Incurables. Manning called for the creation of the Toronto Volunteers Reception Committee to prepare events for the return of troops from the North-West Rebellion. They also formed a committee to construct a monument commemorating the men who participated in fighting for the government in the rebellion. The monument was erected in 1895. At first, Manning believed that they would be unchallenged in their reelection as mayor, but a growing civic reform movement organised and produced a candidate named William Holmes Howland. Howard, an advocate for the temperance movement, emphasised Manning's presidency of the Toronto Brewing and Malting Company. Manning supported the Daily Mail in their employment dispute against the Toronto Typographical Union, causing the union to campaign against Manning. Manning was unsuccessful in their reelection campaign.
Post-political career
Manning participated in several Toronto social organisations, including the Irish Protestant Benevolent Society of Toronto, the St. Patrick's Society of Toronto, and the National Club of Toronto. They were also an investor in Toronto's Grand Opera House, and bought the building when it went bankrupt in 1876. In 1884 they hired E. J. Lennox to design a large office block called Manning Arcade, and also funded the construction of Old City Hall in Toronto. They were a member of the Toronto Board of Trade, a director of the Traders Bank of Canada and the Canadian Bank of Commerce, and president of the Toronto Dry Dock and Shipbuilding Company and the North American Land Company Limited.
Personal life and death
Manning married their first wife, Adeline Augusta Whittemore, on 6 February 1850. They died in 1861, and they married their second wife, Susan Celina Smith, later that year on 1 August. They and Smith had two sons and two daughters.
Manning died in Toronto on 20 October 1903. They were buried at St. James Cemetery in a tomb they built for their family. At the time of their death, they were the largest individual ratepayer in Toronto.
References
1819 births
1903 deaths
Mayors of Toronto
Toronto city councillors
Burials at St. James Cemetery, Toronto
John J. "Johnny" Ballam (June 9, 1882 – September 26, 1954) was an American Marxist political activist and trade union organizer.  They are best remembered as a founding member and one of the pioneer leaders of the Communist Party of America and as a leader of the Trade Union Unity League in the textile industry during the 1930s.
Biography
Early years
John J. Ballam was born June 9, 1882 in London, England. Their family relocated to the United States soon after.
Political career
Ballam was a member of the Socialist Labor Party of America from 1898 to 1902.
In 1905, Ballam joined the fledgling Industrial Workers of the World, remaining a member of that organization through 1912.
In 1912, Ballam joined the Socialist Party of America (SPA). They remained a member of the Socialist Party through the 1919 split of the organization.
On June 10, 1918, Ballam was sentenced in Boston to 1 year in jail under the Espionage Act for a speech they delivered against American participation in the first World War. Ballam served time at the Plymouth County Jail until their release on about April 1, 1919.
In 1919, Ballam was a member of the Left Wing National Council, the New York-based group which was the embryo responsible for establishing the Communist Party of America (CPA) that same summer.
Ballam was a delegate to the founding convention of the CPA, held in Chicago the first week of September 1919. They were elected vice chairperson by the convention but resigned in protest after just one day in response to internecine factional fighting that dominated the proceedings.
Following the conclusion of the founding convention of the CPA, Ballam edited the biweekly newspaper The New England Worker, published by the new organization.
Ballam was arrested by the United States Department of Justice in New Orleans, Louisiana on December 2, 1919. They were returned to Massachusetts to face charges of having violated the Massachusetts Anti-Anarchy Act, which they did in January 1920.
Ballam was a member of the first Central Executive Committee of the CPA, elected in 1919. They remained in this position through 1921. District Organizer for an area including the cities of Cleveland and Pittsburgh for that group from April 1920 onwards.
During the first months of American communism, Ballam was regarded as a hardline opponent of unity of the CPA with the rival Communist Labor Party of America or its successor, the United Communist Party of America. Following unification of the CPA with this group, Ballam emerged as the leading English-speaking figure of a dissident left opposition group which split from the CPA late in 1921 over the issue of the forced participation of ostensibly underground party members in a "legal political party." Ballam was chosen to make the trip to Moscow on behalf of their comrades in an attempt to gain recognition for the underground Communist Party dissidents and their "legal" wing, the United Toilers, as the Communist International's official representatives in America.
Early in 1922 the Comintern ruled against the Central Caucus's parallel "Communist Party of America," ordering its members to reunite with the regular party organization and to turn over all of its "records, addresses, connections, and properties" to the main organization within 60 days.
Ballam agreed to this demand of the Comintern and returned to the regular CPA, which elected them a delegate to the party's ill-fated 1922 Bridgman Convention, held in August. Although they escaped arrest at the time of the raid, Ballam was among 9 of those who surrendered to authorities on March 10, 1923. They were released on a $1,000 bond but was never brought to trial on charges of having violated the Michigan anti-syndicalist law through their participation in the gathering.
In August 1923 Ballam was chosen as the campaign manager for the Workers Party of America's (successor to the underground CPA) effort to raise $100,000 to establish a daily newspaper in America.
During the bitter factional warfare of the 1920s, Ballam was a consistent supporter of the Communist Party faction headed by John Pepper, C.E. Ruthenberg, and Jay Lovestone.
Ballam worked as the Workers Party of America's district organizer for Buffalo and upstate New York state in 1924.<ref>[http://www.marxisthistory.org/history/usa/parties/cpusa/1924/0414-ballam-toruthorgcom.pdf "Letter to C.E. Ruthenberg and the WPA Organization Committee in Chicago from John J. Ballam, DO4 (Buffalo), April 14, 1924.] Corvallis, OR: 1000 Flowers Publishing, 2007.</ref>
Political campaigns
Ballam was the candidate of the Workers Party for Governor of Massachusetts in 1924. They ran for United States Senator from Massachusetts in 1926 and again in 1928.
In 1931 Ballam ran for Governor of New Jersey as the candidate of the Communist Party USA. The next year they ran for Governor of Massachusetts, heading the party's ticket in that state.
Ballam's final run for political office came in 1940, when they ran for United States Congress in the 16th Congressional District of New York.
Union activities
In 1922, Ballam was named the New England organizer for the Textile Workers' Union of the Trade Union Educational League.
Ballam was involved as a union leader in the 1926 Passaic Textile Strike. They appeared as themselves in the documentary film on the strike produced by the Workers (Communist) Party of America to publicize the plight of the strikers.
Ballam was named the National Organizer of the National Textile Workers Union, part of the Communist Party-sponsored Trade Union Unity League in 1933. In this capacity they were active in helping direct the 1933 strike of workers in the silk industry, a stoppage which involved as many as 65,000 workers in New Jersey and elsewhere in the east.
Death and legacy
John J. Ballam died in 1954.
Footnotes
Works
"Report of the Secretary of the Central Caucus to the National Conference of the Communist Party of America, December 25, 1921." Corvallis, OR: 1000 Flowers Publishing, 2007.
"Testimony to the Executive Committee of the Communist International, March 18, 1922." Corvallis, OR: 1000 Flowers Publishing, 2007.
"Uphold Your Revolutionary Traditions!" Daily Worker [Chicago], vol. 3, no. 59 (March 22, 1926), pg. 4.
Soviet "Dumping" and "Forced Labor." New York: Friends of Soviet Russia, n.d. [c. 1929].
70,000 Silk Workers Strike for Bread and Unity.'' New York: Labor Unity Publications, 1934.
External links
Tim Davenport, "Introduction to The Worker (1919–1920)," Marxists Internet Archive, www.marxists.org/ —Edited by Ballam. Includes links to 5 of the 6 issues ever produced.
1882 births
1954 deaths
People from Boston
Members of the Socialist Party of America
Members of the Communist Party USA
Communist Party USA politicians
American communists
American Marxists
Industrial Workers of the World members
American trade union leaders
People convicted under the Espionage Act of 1917
20th-century American politicians
American trade unionists of English descent
Trade unionists from Massachusetts
English emigrants to the United States
Uncobasidium luteolum is a species of crust fungus in the family Meruliaceae, and the type species of genus Uncobasidium. The holotype was collected in Øvre Dividal National Park, in Målselv (Norway), where it was growing on Salix. The fungus has a monomitic hyphal system, with individual hyphae measuring 2.5–4 μm and having a clamp connection and oily refractive contents. The basidia are four-sterigmate, measure 30–50 by 8 µm, and feature a hook-shaped protuberance. Its spores are ellipsoid to obovate in shape, measuring 9 by 6 µm. Uncobasidium roseocremeum, found in South America, differs microscopically from U. luteolum in its larger, spherical spores, and the presence of encrusted hyphidia.
References
Meruliaceae
Fungi described in 1978
Fungi of Europe
Taxa named by Leif Ryvarden
Joseph-Edouard-Louis Beernaert (21 April 1883 – 1950) was a Belgian soldier who reached the rank of Lieutenant-General. They were governor of the province of Congo-Kasaï in the Belgian Congo from 1925 to 1929.
Early career (1883–1929)
Joseph Beernaert was born on 21 April 1883.
They were attached to the Ministry of Colonies in 1909.
They made many trips to the Belgian Congo during their term of office.
They were commissioner general, assistant to the governor of the province of Congo-Kasaï from 1925 to 1929.
From 1928 they were secretary general, assistant to the governor general of the colony.
Governor of Congo-Kasaï (1929–1933)
Beernaert replaced Alphonse Engels as governor and deputy governor-general of Congo-Kasaï on 19 June 1929.
Their headquarters were at Léopoldville.
In 1931 there was an economic crisis in the Belgian Congo triggered by problems in Belgium, the primary market, and an overvalued currency, leading to reduced exports.
The head tax (impôt indigène) increased, and villages were unable to pay it.
In 1931 there were widespread disturbances in the Kwango District of Congo-Kasaï, which the Ministry of Colonies later attributed to new administrative structures, availability of Force Publique units and overreaction by administrators.
Additional troops were transferred to Kwango and Kikwat, and the district administrations declared martial law in the most unsettled areas.
The troops acted as punitive columns.
At Mukuku in August 1931 troops killed 56 people in a single encounter.
Word of the violence spread, and villagers fled before the columns reached them, leading to optimism among the authorities that the rebellion was calming down.
The Dengese people in particular were influenced by millenarian cults that talked of driving out the Europeans.
In Équateur Province, Governor Charles Duchesne responded with limited police action, and by the end of February 1932 the crisis there was over.
Beernaert was less sympathetic to the Dengese, and on 20 October 1932 declared a state of emergency under decrees of 1906 and 1920, applied martial law to five chefferies and dispatched troops to restore order.
The commissioner of Sankuru District blamed fetishism, claiming that traditional religious views had been distorted into claims that expelling the Europeans would solve all problems.
They sent Force Publique troops into Kole Territory to force the villages to submit to authority.
Beernaert held office until 1933.
Their successor was Paul Ermens, appointed on 17 August 1932.
Later career (1933–1950)
Beernaert was promoted to Major-General on 26 March 1939.
Until 26 December 1939 they commanded the 1st Cavalry Division.
On 26 December 1939 they were appointed General Officer Commanding 2nd Cavalry Division.
In 1944 they were Inspector-General of the Army.
They died in 1950.
Notes
Sources
1883 births
1950 deaths
Governors of Kasaï (former province)
Governors of provinces of the Belgian Congo
The Best of Missing Persons is the greatest hits album by the American new wave band Missing Persons, released in 1987. The first four tracks make up the entire Missing Persons EP, released in 1982 (Capitol Records DLP-15001). The remaining songs are from the bnad's first three studio albums and a non-album recording, their cover of "Hello, I Love You" originally by The Doors, which was included in the first pressing of the Missing Persons EP (1980), later included as a B-side to the "Words" single.
Track listing
Personnel
Missing Persons
Dale Bozzio – vocals
Terry Bozzio – vocals, keyboards, synthesizers, drums, percussion
Warren Cuccurullo – guitar, vocals
Patrick O'Hearn – electric & synthesized bass, keyboards, synthesizers
Chuck Wild – synthesizer, keyboard (except for Color in Your Life tracks)
References
Missing Persons (band) albums
1987 greatest hits albums
Capitol Records compilation albums
The Urfa sanjak (), previously known as sanjak of Birejik, was a prefecture (sanjak) of the Ottoman Empire, located in modern-day Turkey and Syria. The city of Urfa was the Sanjak's capital.
History
In the 16th century, members of the Kurdish Reşwan is reported to have lived also in the Urfa sankak. Urfa was part of Syria according to the Treaty of Sèvres; but with the success of Turkish War of Independence, the sandals of Maraş, Antep and Urfa of the former Halep Eyalet remained in Turkey after 1921. Also, Antakya and İskenderun kazas of Halep Sanjak in one were separated as the Republic of Hatay in 1938. The republic joined to Turkey in 1939.
Subdistricts
The sanjak was made up of five districts (kazas):
Kaza of Urfa
Kaza of Birecik
Kaza of Rumkale
Kaza of Suruç
Kaza of Harran
References
Şanlıurfa
States and territories established in 1579
Sanjaks of Ottoman Syria
1579 establishments in the Ottoman Empire
1918 disestablishments in the Ottoman Empire
Faders Up (Live) is a live album of the Belgian band Triggerfinger. The album was released on 12 March 2007, having been recorded during a concert in Antwerp, Belgium in September 2006.
Track list
Personnel
Ruben Block - lead vocals, guitar
Paul Van Bruystegem - bass guitar, backing vocals
Mario Goossens - drums, backing vocals
External links
Band's official website
2007 albums
Triggerfinger albums
Ypsolopha aleutianella is a moth of the family Ypsolophidae. It is known from the Aleutian Islands.
References
Ypsolophidae
Moths of North America
Chalk is a BBC Television sitcom. The show was produced by Andre Ptaszynski for the independent production company Pola Jones and screened on BBC2. All twelve episodes from the two series were written by Steven Moffat and directed by Juliet May. The first episode of the series was transmitted on 20 February 1997, and the final transmitted on 22 October 1997.
The series focuses upon deputy headteacher Eric Slatt (David Bamber), permanently stressed over the chaos they create both by themselves and some of their eccentric staff. Their wife Janet (Geraldine Fitzgerald) and new English teacher Suzy Travis (Nicola Walker) attempt to help them solve the problems.
Due to the positive reaction of the studio audience during recordings, a second series was commissioned before the first had aired. However, the first series attracted criticism, inflamed by the BBC's decision to compare the show to the highly respected Fawlty Towers in its publicity materials. The first series was released on DVD in December 2008.
Series overview
Episodes
Series 1 (1997)
The first series was broadcast on BBC1 on Thursday evenings between 20 February and 27 March 1997. The first four episodes were transmitted at 21:30, but the final two episodes of the second series were moved to 22:20.
Series 2 (1997)
Due to the positive reaction of the studio audience during recordings, a second series was commissioned before the first had started to be transmitted. The second series was broadcast on BBC1 on Wednesday evenings between 17 September and 22 October 1997, mostly at 10:15pm.
As John Wells was too ill to film the second series, Duncan Preston played Galfast High's new principal, Mr Kennedy, who appeared almost identical in character to Wells' Mr Nixon.
References
External links
BBC-related lists
Lists of British sitcom episodes
Television episodes written by Steven Moffat
Louis Russell Bell (born May 27, 1982) is an American record producer, vocal producer, songwriter, and mixing engineer. Bell's work includes production for Post Malone, Camila Cabello, Halsey, Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus, 5 Seconds of Summer, Taylor Swift, Juice Wrld, DJ Khaled, Kanye West and Frank Dukes among others. A producer and writer specializing in various genres, Bell has 18 US top 10 hits to their credit, including eight number ones, all since 2018. Billboard called Bell's impact on the top of the charts "historic" and labeled them "pop's most prolific, accomplished and untethered freelancer of 2019".
Life and career
Early life
Louis Bell was born on May 27, 1982, in Quincy, Massachusetts. They began taking piano lessons at the age of 11 and used this skill to make beats with a keyboard and the audio software Fruity Loops, which led to them developing themselves as a rapper and recording themselves on the computer and eventually opening their own studio in Boston where they worked with dozens of artists.
Career
In 2013, Bell moved to Los Angeles after signing with their manager Austin Rosen, CEO/Founder of Electric Feel Management. After some time working together in the studio, Bell and artist Post Malone quickly realized they had a great chemistry, and the same vision musically. The duo continued to work together on Post Malone's debut album Stoney and multiple singles including "Congratulations" that gained popularity in late 2015.
Bell's career took off in January 2016 when Justin Bieber visited him, Malone, and fellow producer Frank Dukes in the studio while finishing the Stoney album and the resulting product was the hit song "Deja Vu".
In August 2016, Bell's first hit song, "Let Me Love You" by Justin Bieber, DJ Snake, and co-written with a longtime collaborator Andrew Watt, made its chart-topping debut. Bell co-wrote and vocal produced the Frank Dukes & Metro Boomin co-production "Congratulations", Stoney's lead single, which debuted at Top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart followed by "Rockstar", the lead single of Malone's second album, Beerbongs & Bentleys, which held the No. 1 spot on Billboard's Hot 100 chart for eight straight weeks.
Bell has also collaborated with numerous artists including PartyNextDoor, Tyga, Juvenile, Sugar Ray, Mike Stud, OMI, Joe Budden, Andrew Watt, and many more. Bell earned a spot on Variety's 2017 Hitmakers list for their work on Malone's "Congratulations", Kygo's collaboration with Selena Gomez's "It Ain't Me", and Camila Cabello's and Young Thug's "Havana".
On July 6, 2019, Bell became only the second person to top Billboard's newly launched Hot 100 Producer chart. This was thanks to four Hot 100 charting titles, on which Bell is credited as a producer. They also reached number 3 on the Hot 100 Songwriters chart, thanks to their five songwriting credits on the Hot 100.
Bell signed an exclusive publishing deal with Universal Music Publishing Group in January 2021.
Production and songwriting credits
Accolades
Grammy Awards
Grammy Award Winner Certificate-eligible nominations, as opposed to statuette-eligible.
iHeartRadio Music Awards
References
External links
Living people
1982 births
Record producers from Massachusetts
People from Boston
Songwriters from Massachusetts
People from Quincy, Massachusetts
Janis Crystal Lipzin, (born 1945) is an American artist working with film, photography, video, audio, multi-media installations, and media performance. They have been an active filmmaker since 1974, when they became attracted to using Super-8 cameras, in part because of their easy portability and flexibility to make changes to a film up to the moment of projection. Them more recent work incorporates both digital and analog film methods. wherein light and photo-chemistry collide and conspire to reveal aspects of our world deserving of more careful scrutiny. Them work blends an enduring interest in the volatility of nature and human events with a sympathy for alternative, hand-made methods that they interweave with digital processes. Lipzin is based in Sonoma County, California.
Lipzin attended Ohio University where they received a BFA, New York University where they studied painting, and the San Francisco Art Institute where they received an MFA. After receiving their BFA, they attended the University of Pittsburgh where they received an MSLS in Library and Information Science.
Them work has been recognized with exhibitions at the Museum of Modern Art, New York Film Society, Centre Pompidou (Paris), Venice Biennale, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art, the Tate Modern and other international venues. Lipzin's work was included in the Dreamlands: Immersive Cinema and Art 1905–2016 exhibition and the Color of Light exhibition at the Whitney Museum of American Art.
They taught at the San Francisco Art Institute from 1978 to 2009 where they served as Chair of the Film Department and before that directed the Film/Photography Program at Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio.
Among their awards are fellowships, commissions and grants from the John Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation, National Endowment for the Arts, Center for Cultural Innovation, Ohio Arts Council, California Arts Council, Mission Eye and Ear, and Echo Park Film Center, Los Angeles.
Lipzin's work is included in the Carnegie Museum of Art's collection Berkeley Art Museum, and the New Museum of Contemporary Art in New York.
References
External links
Official website
Reproductions from New Museum catalog for Outside New York: The State of Ohio
1945 births
Living people
Artists from the San Francisco Bay Area
American women artists
Artists from California
American experimental filmmakers
San Francisco Art Institute alumni
Women experimental filmmakers
American women photographers
Fine art photographers
21st-century American women
Wings West Airlines, often referred to simply as Wings West, was an American regional airline headquartered at McChesney Field (SBP), unincorporated San Luis Obispo County, California.
History
Wings West was founded by Mark Morro and William Hirsch and began service in 1979 as a commuter air carrier flying Cessna 402 twin prop aircraft to destinations in California. Their first flight was from Santa Monica, California to Mammoth Lakes, California on 11 November 1979. In 1981, Wings West was operating service linking Mammoth Lakes and Bishop, California with Oakland, Sacramento and Santa Monica. In 1982, the airline was operating weekend nonstop service between Phoenix and Aspen, CO with Swearingen Metro propjets. Wings West became a publicly traded company in 1983. By early 1985, Wings West had significantly expanded its route network in California as an independent commuter airline with the addition of Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner (Metro II and Metro III models) and Beechcraft C99 turboprops to their fleet and was serving Eureka/Arcata, Los Angeles (LAX), Merced, Modesto, Monterey, Oxnard, Redding, Sacramento, San Francisco (SFO), San Jose, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Santa Maria and Visalia. Service was also then expanded to Arizona. Founder Mark Morro was elected as chairperson of the Regional Airline Association (RAA) in 1985.
In 1986 Wings West began flying under the American Eagle brand name via a code sharing agreement with American Airlines, feeding passengers to American and a year later was purchased by AMR Corp. In 1988, the airline was operating American Eagle service with Convair 580 turboprops on behalf of American primarily between Hollywood Burbank Airport (BUR) and the American hub in San Jose, CA (SJC). During 1991 Wings West began taking delivery of new Saab 340B turboprop aircraft. That same year, the airline was continuing to support the American Airlines hub located at San Jose International Airport in northern California with nonstop feeder service between SJC and Chico, Concord, Eureka/Arcata, Fresno, Lake Tahoe, Modesto, Monterey, Palm Springs, Redding, Sacramento, San Francisco (SFO), San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara, Santa Rosa and Stockton in California with these flights being operated by Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner and new Saab 340B commuter propjets. Also in 1991, Wings West was operating American Eagle service into Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) with British Aerospace BAe Jetstream 31, Saab 340B and Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner turboprops nonstop from Bakersfield, Carlsbad, Fresno, Inyokern, Orange County, Oxnard, Palm Springs, San Diego, San Luis Obispo, Santa Barbara and Santa Maria in California as well as American Eagle service into San Francisco International Airport (SFO) with Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner turboprops nonstop from Lake Tahoe,
Monterey, Redding, Reno, Sacramento and San Jose.
In 1996, Mary B. Jordan was named president of the airline. In 1998, Wings West was merged with two other regional air carriers, Simmons Airlines and Flagship Airlines (with both airlines also operating American Eagle service at this same time), into AMR Eagle Holdings Corporation to form American Eagle Airlines which is currently known as Envoy Air.
Destinations
Wings West served the following destinations during its existence as an independent commuter airline and later as an American Eagle air carrier on behalf of American Airlines with not all of these destinations being served at the same time:
Flagstaff, Arizona (Flagstaff Pulliam Airport)
Phoenix (Sky Harbor International Airport)
Yuma (Yuma International Airport)
Arcata (Arcata-Eureka Airport)
Bakersfield (Meadows Field Airport)
Bishop (Eastern Sierra Regional Airport)
Burbank (Hollywood Burbank Airport)
Chico (Chico Municipal Airport]
Concord (Buchanan Field Airport)
Fresno (Fresno Air Terminal)
Inyokern (Inyokern Airport)
Lake Tahoe, California (South Lake Tahoe Airport)
Los Angeles (Los Angeles International Airport) – Hub
Long Beach (Long Beach Airport)
Hawthorne (Hawthorne Municipal Airport)
Mammoth Lakes (Mammoth Yosemite Airport)
Merced (Merced Municipal Airport)
Modesto (Modesto City-County Airport)
Monterey (Monterey Peninsula Airport)
Oakland (Oakland International Airport)
Orange County (John Wayne Airport)
Oxnard (Oxnard Airport)
Palm Springs (Palm Springs International Airport)
Redding (Redding Municipal Airport)
San Diego (San Diego International Airport)
San Jose (San Jose International Airport) – Hub
San Luis Obispo (McChesney Field) – Headquarters
San Francisco (San Francisco International Airport) – Hub
Sacramento (Sacramento International Airport)
Santa Barbara (Santa Barbara Municipal Airport)
Santa Maria (Santa Maria Public Airport)
Santa Monica (Santa Monica Airport)
Santa Rosa (Sonoma County Airport
Stockton (Stockton Metropolitan Airport)
Visalia (Visalia Municipal Airport)
Aspen (Aspen-Pitkin County Airport)
Las Vegas (McCarran International Airport
Reno (Reno-Cannon International Airport)
Farmington (Four Corners Regional Airport)
Klamath Falls (Klamath Falls Airport)
Amarillo
Lubbock
Dallas/Ft. Worth (DFW)
Fleet
Wings West operated the following turboprop aircraft in the livery of American Eagle:
Beechcraft C99
British Aerospace BAe Jetstream 31 and 32
Convair 580
Fairchild Swearingen Metroliner (Metro III)
Saab 340B
Wings West also operated Cessna 402 twin prop aircraft and Swearingen Metro II turboprop aircraft as an independent air carrier. As an American Eagle carrier, the airline had ordered the British Aerospace BAe ATP; however, this large turboprop aircraft was not delivered to or operated by Wings West.
Accidents and incidents
August 24, 1984: Wings West Airlines Flight 628 midair collision. Shortly after departing the San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport on a commuter flight to San Francisco International Airport, a Wings West twin-engine Beechcraft Model 99 (N6399U) collided head-on with a private Rockwell Commander 112TC aircraft (N112SM) that was descending for a landing at the same airport, killing all 17 on both aircraft. The National Transportation Safety Board attributed the crash to inadequate visual lookout on the part of both pilots, and their failure to heed the recommended communications and traffic advisory practices for uncontrolled airports.
See also
List of defunct airlines of the United States
References
External links
AirTimes.com index of Wings West flight schedules from the 1980s' with destinations and some route maps
Defunct airlines of the United States
Airlines established in 1979
Northwest Airlines
American Airlines
Airlines disestablished in 1998
1979 establishments in California
1998 disestablishments in California
Szabotage is a British urban artist and interior designer. They were born as Gustav Szabo in Brighton, grew up in Hove and London, studied architecture and worked as a designer. They relocated to Hong Kong, where they became active in the street art scene and began to gain notoriety in the local and international urban art world.
Career
Szabotage has painted for the HKwalls street art festival and was a finalist in the global phenomenon 'Secret Walls,' where they used old-school graffiti style and onstage antics. These antics debuted on the TEDx stage in 2017 with their talk ‘Resilience is the Ultimate High'.
Their work is characterised by bright colours mixed with popular cultural references. Their vision takes a critical view of its immediate surroundings and often references the landscape of world cities, exploring the relationship between urban architecture and their communities.  They are working with a variety of techniques and mediums, with their body of work ranging from canvas portraits, prints, interiors, cars, sculptures, stencils and products. The artist constantly challenges typical canvas limitations, through upcycling and recycling, creating sculptures using deconstructed aerosol cans, metals and wood. The artist is best recognised by their signature Koi fish - an iconic symbol of strength, adversity and good fortune – which features frequently throughout their work.
Szabotage held their first London solo exhibition ‘SHHH Women's Erotic Emporium', in Shoreditch, London. Since then, they have exhibited internationally, with sold out exhibitions, solo shows, and numerous collaborative projects, commercial and private commissions, including Louis Vuitton, Prada, Evisu, Ritz Carlton, Jaeger Lecoultre, Gweilo Beer, and Pret A Manger.
Szabotage is the first urban artist in Hong Kong to offer NFTs, dropping November 2020 on OpenSea. They started getting involved with NFTs back in September 2020, after collector Benjamin Rameau started talking about them and offered to help create and set up Szabotage NFTs.
Exhibitions
2021 Digital Art Fair Asia // Hong Kong
2021 Solo Show // Life Got Real, SHOUT Gallery Hong Kong
2021 Affordable Art Fair Hong Kong, Presented by Art Supermarket Gallery
2021 Group Exhibition DRIVEN // Hong Kong Arts Collective Zung Fu Affordable Art Fair, Hong Kong
2021 Online Art Fair, Presented by Art Supermarket Gallery on Affordable Art Fair Hong Kong
2020 Group Exhibition Square Print // Hong Kong Arts Collective, Hong Kong
2020 Solo Exhibition // SPRAYCATION Art Supermarket, Hong Kong
2020 Group Exhibition // Hong Kong Arts Collective, Hong Kong
2019 Solo Exhibition // Brick House X HKArts Collective Presents Artist of the Month, Hong Kong
2019 K11, Musea Art, Crockerydile, Hong Kong
2019 Group Show, LGBT Arcus Pride Art, Clifford Chance, Red Chamber Gallery
2019 Affordable Art Fair, Art Supermarket, Hong Kong
2019 Solo Exhibition // SUBLIMEY, Art Supermarket, Hong Kong
2019 Solo Exhibition // Reflections, The Mira Hotel, TST, Hong Kong
2019 The Objet Nomades, By Louis Vuitton, Tai Kwun, Hong Kong
2019 Wallskar, Graffiti and Street Art Festival, Hong Kong Edition
2018 Affordable Art Fair, Art Supermarket, Hong Kong
2018 Duo Exhibition // Saskia Wesseling + Szabotage, Wong Chuk Hang, Hong Kong
2017 Solo Exhibition // FISH 'N' CHIPS, Art Supermarket, Hong Kong
2017 Asia Contemporary Art Show, Macey and Sons, Hong Kong
2017 Affordable Art Fair, Art Supermarket, Hong Kong
2017 Group Exhibition // Women In Focus, AWETHENTIC Gallery, Hong Kong
2017 TEDx Talk // “Resilience is the Ultimate High”, HKUST Hong Kong
2016 Solo Show + Exhibition // GONE FISHING! Loft 22, California Tower, LFK, Hong Kong
2016 Live Mural // Love Is Wild, Walls Of Change, Project C:Change, Hong Kong
2016 Group Exhibition // Minor Chords, Brickhouse, Hong Kong
2015 Street Art Festival // HK WALLS,, Hong Kong
2015 Installation // Floor of Love, Sav Hotel, Hong Kong
2015 Exhibition // Pang x Szabotage, Gallery 88, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
2015 Exhibition + Live Artwork // Hong Kong Classic Car Show
2015 Show // Hong Kong Makes Sense, Hong Kong
2015 Group Exhibition // Illicit Leggit, Lott Five, Soho, Hong Kong
2015 Group Exhibition // Design Commune by ARRAKIS Oggetti & Colourliving, PMQ, Hong Kong
2015 Solo Exhibition // Szabotage by Together, Kwun Tong
2015 Solo Exhibition // M Space, by PRC Magazine and Peter Boyle, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
2014 Finalist, Secret Walls, Hong Kong
2014 Creation of the “Koi”
2012 Solo Exhibition // Hackney Road Car Park, Shoreditch London
2010 Solo Show // SHHH Women's Erotic Emporium, Shoreditch, London
References
British artists
British interior designers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Silencer was a Swedish black metal band. Based in Stockholm, the group formed in 1995 and disbanded in 2001 releasing only one full-length album and a demo. With lyrical themes revolving around death, misanthropy, insanity and suicide, the group, which consisted of only two official members, was noted for its vocalist, Nattramn, who possessed an eerie screeching vocal style and was allegedly insane, it being speculated that they were admitted to a psychiatric ward following the release of their full-length album Death - Pierce Me.
Despite their short musical career, Silencer is considered to be one of the most significant bands in the depressive/suicidal black metal subgenre, having achieved a cult following in the black metal underground. The band has never performed live or given any official interviews.
History
Early years
Silencer was formed in 1995 as a solo project of guitarist/bassist Andreas Casado, under the pseudonym Leere. At some point prior to 1998, Nattramn was enlisted as the band's vocalist and lyricist.
In late 1998, with the help of session drummer Jonas Mattsson, Silencer released their first professional demo, which was composed of a single, eleven-minute song titled "Death - Pierce Me".
Death - Pierce Me
In July 2000, Silencer began recording their album Death - Pierce Me (2001), which was released by Prophecy Productions. Recording sessions included a total of three members performing on the album, which included Steve Wolz (Bethlehem and Imperia) playing drums.
The song "Sterile Nails and Thunderbowels" had a promotional video released for it, which contains images from the 1990 experimental horror film Begotten by E. Elias Merhige.
Breakup and subsequent projects
Following the release of Death - Pierce Me, it is speculated that Nattramn was institutionalised at Sankt Sigfrids sjukhus (English: "Saint Sigfrid's Hospital"), a mental hospital located in Växjö, although there is no conclusive evidence to support this. In 2007, they released a dark ambient solo album called Transformalin, under the project name Diagnose: Lebensgefahr (roughly translated from German as "Diagnosis: Mortal Danger"). Nattramn released a book, Grishjärta (meaning "pig's heart" in Swedish), in 2011, a limited edition work containing their artwork and poetry, and a small selection of new photographs of them – albeit with their face obscured. These, and their promotional photographs from their time in Silencer, in which their face is also obscured, are the only publicly available photographs of Nattramn.
The other member, guitarist/bassist/songwriter Andreas "Leere" Casado, went on to join Shining between 2005 and 2006, under the mononym "Casado". They contributed lyrics to the song "Eradication of the Condition" from the album IV – The Eerie Cold. In 2006, they worked with the band Zavorash, as composer of the song "Worthlessness" from the album Nihilistic Ascension & Spiritual Death as Andreas Casado.
Discography
Death - Pierce Me (demo, 1998)
Death - Pierce Me (full-length album, 2001)
Members
Official lineup
Nattramn (1995–2001) – vocals
Andreas Casado (1995–2001) – guitars, bass
Session musicians
Jonas Mattsson – drums (demo, 1998)
Steve Wolz – drums (studio album, 2001)
Chronology
References
External links
Swedish black metal musical groups
Musical groups established in 1995
Musical groups disestablished in 2001
Musical groups from Stockholm
Heavy metal duos
Goodyear Platform was a railway station on the Sandown railway line in the then-industrial suburb of Camellia in Sydney, Australia. It opened in January 1934 and served the Goodyear tyre factory in Camellia. The closure of Goodyear station preceded the closure of Hardies and Sandown.
Goodyear was among a number of companies that had private sidings on the line.
Neighbouring stations
Cream Of Tartar Works Platform, which was located down from the station, closed in July 1959.
References
Disused railway stations in Sydney
Stanley W. "Rabbit" Benton (September 29, 1901 – June 7, 1984) was an American professional baseball player whose career last 16 seasons and almost 2,000 games—but only six games in Major League Baseball as a second baseman for the Philadelphia Phillies. They batted and threw right-handed, stood tall and weighed . They were born in Cannel City, Kentucky.
Benton's minor league career lasted from 1919 through 1934, largely in the Texas League. In the majors, they had four hits in 19 at bats in their six career games, with one double and three runs batted in.
They died in Mesquite, Texas, at age 82.
External links
1901 births
1984 deaths
Baseball players from Kentucky
Beaumont Exporters players
Charleston Pals players
Charleston Senators players
Evansville Evas players
Knoxville Smokies players
Major League Baseball second basemen
Memphis Chickasaws players
Milwaukee Brewers (minor league) players
Mobile Marines players
People from Morgan County, Kentucky
Philadelphia Phillies players
Portland Beavers players
Shreveport Sports players
Spartanburg Pioneers players
Tyler Sports players
Wichita Falls Spudders players
Williamsport Billies players
Silas was a 1981 ZDF adventure TV mini-series based on the Danish children's book "Silas og den sorte hoppe" by Cecil Bødker who kept on writing installments until 2001.
The series was Patrick Bach's debut and because the series did so well they also starred the very next year in another adventure series about a young orphan: Jack Holborn.
Silas was a German production, and despite being recorded in Normandy and in Brittany (Bay of Douarnenez, Locronan, Bay of Audierne, near Plovan on the long sandy beach where the German version of the opening credits were shot) France, it was filmed solely in German. Still it received attention beyond German-speaking countries and consequently the successor Jack Holborn involved international producers and was dubbed filmed in English.
Plot
As a little child Silas (Patrick Bach) was sold to a circus where they learned to pull stunts and tricks from early on. This comes in handy when they decide to rather live an adventurous life on their own than to be trained in the dangerous art of sword swallowing. Also being threatened by director Philipp (Diether Krebs) that the sinews of their feet would be cut just in order to prevent them from running away, it occurs to them it is now or never and off they go. A farmer called Bartolin (Shmuel Rodensky) gives them shelter but underestimates the boy's skills and carelessly bets them their horse. Bartolin cannot accept the outcome of this bet and so Silas is on the run again. Getting hungry they accept a meal provided by swindler Emanuel (André Lacombe) and their likewise rogue wife Theresa (Reine Barteve). They use a strong barbiturate on Silas and disappear with their horse. After Silas awakens in a boat on a river they see Philipp trying to steal fresh milk from a blind girl. When the girl's mother arrives Philipp puts the blame on Silas, who as a result finds themselves in a wooden cage. They have to find a way to gain the family's trust if they want to escape.
While searching for their horse, they meet the scallywag Godik (Lucki Molocher), who helps them to retrieve the animal. They stick together, both trying to make a living on what they've learned. Silas shows circus tricks and Godik works as a carver. Yet Silas gets into trouble again because they and Godik stumble across a treasure hidden by smugglers. Hunted by the smuggler's gang, they run into homeless young Jenny (Nina Rothemund), who is running from an unsavoury woman called Corby (Ingeborg Lapsien). Silas, Godik and Jenny reach a town, where Silas get the idea of buying a bear with money from the smuggler's treasure. The citizens decide to investigate them over theft. They find themselves in prison with Corby, who once abducted Jenny. Eventually, they learn that Jenny is not really an orphan. Silas and Godik return Jenny to their family. Then Silas accompanies their friend Godik to their family. The lost son Godik is heartily welcomed and so is Silas, but Silas doesn't feel safe and believes their presence is endangering their new friends. On the road again, they make new friends - they save merchant Sandal (Hans Helmut Dickow) and later also their son Japetus (Armin Schawe) from harm. But Corby has followed him. They team up with some other low-lifes, who eventually capture Silas and Japetus for ransom. Sandal's employee Karneol (Jacques van Dooren) saves them. Corby and their gang are imprisoned. Silas finally feels saved and returns to Godik and their family.
International broadcast
The BBC took the series from Cori Film Distributors and split it into 12 half hour episodes starting on 16 May 1984 with repeats in 1986, 1987 and 1988.
Accolades
Bambi Award 1982
Cecil Bødker: Silas (Originaltitel: Silas og den sorte hoppe). Deutsch von Gerda Neumann. Fischer-Taschenbuch-Verlag, Frankfurt am Main 1996, 158 S.,
References
External links
1981 German television series debuts
1981 German television series endings
Adventure television series
Children's adventure television series
Television series about orphans
Television series about teenagers
German children's television series
1980s German television miniseries
ZDF original programming
Television shows based on children's books
Television shows based on novels
Television series set in the 19th century
German-language television shows
Clarkesville (also spelled Clarksville) is a ghost town in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. It was the county seat of Clarke County until 1831.
History
The Alabama legislature appointed a group of county commissioners on 13 December 1819 to select a site for Clarke County's "seat of justice." The legislature made the provision that the site had to be within of the center of county. The commissioners founded Clarkesville as a result. It remained the county seat until 1831, when growing dissatisfaction within the county caused the relocation of the seat to Macon, later renamed Grove Hill. The town had vanished from maps by the late 19th century. A small modern community, roughly a mile from the old site, presently calls itself Clarksville.
References
Geography of Clarke County, Alabama
Ghost towns in Alabama
Populated places established in 1819
Former county seats in Alabama
Khaooohs and Kon-Fus-Ion is the third and final album by avant-garde progressive death metal band Pan.Thy.Monium released in 1996.
Track listing
Personnel
Pan.Thy.Monium
Derelict - vocals
Äag - lead guitars, organ and baritone saxophone
Mourning - rhythm guitars
Day DiSyraah - bass, keyboards and effects
Winter - drums, percussion and violin
Production
Matthew Jacobson - Executive producer
Bill Yurkiewicz - Executive producer
Paw Nielsen - Cover art
Dangerous Dave Shirk - Mastering
Day DiSyraah - Producer
External links
Encyclopaedia Metallum page
1996 albums
Pan.Thy.Monium albums
Albums produced by Dan Swanö
Diglis Basin is a canal basin on the Worcester and Birmingham Canal. It is situated in Diglis in the centre of Worcester, England, near The Commandery (a command post during the English Civil War).
To the north is Tibberton (8.41 miles and 14 locks away) and to the west is Diglis Junction (0.25 miles and 2 locks to the west) where the canal meets the River Severn. It is the first basin (with associated amenities) reached after joining the canal from the River Severn.
Facilities available
With its central position in Worcester, Diglis Basin is very convenient for shops and leisure facilities in the centre of the city. It also has the following facilities of its own:
Water point
Rubbish disposal
Dry dock
References
Worcester and Birmingham Canal
Transport in Worcester, England
Geography of Worcester, England
Tourist attractions in Worcester, England
Sękowa (Polish: ) is a historic village in southern Poland first incorporated by an edict issued on February 22, 1363, by King Kazimierz Wielki.
The village is the site of St. Philip's and St. James' church, built in the beginning of the 16th century, one of the six Wooden Churches of Southern Poland, inscribed on the UNESCO list of World Heritage Sites since 2003.
Sękowa is the seat of rural Gmina Sękowa, administrative district in Gorlice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship/ Małopolska Voivodeship or Małopolska Province, on the Polish Slovak border. It lies approximately south-east of Gorlice and south-east of the regional capital Kraków.
References
Urząd Gminy Sękowa
Strona o Gminie
Stowarzyszenie Gminne w Sękowej
Villages in Gorlice County
World Heritage Sites in Poland
was an Imperial Japanese Army general during World War II. They were killed in action during the Battle of Eniwetok.
Biography
Yoshimi Nishida was born on 1 March 1892 in Kōchi Prefecture, Japan. They graduated from the 25th class Imperial Japanese Army Academy on 26 May 1913. They were promoted to the rank of first lieutenant on 25 December of the same year. They rose steadily through the ranks during the 1920s and 1930s, becoming captain and deputy commander of the IJA 41 Infantry Regiment in 1923, major in 1930, commander of the IJA 25th Infantry Regiment in 1932 and lieutenant-colonel in 1935.
Nishida was assigned to the Central China Expeditionary Army in February 1938 and was promoted to colonel in July of the same year. In March 1939 they were given command of the IJA 223 Infantry Regiment. They were rotated back to Japan in 1940 and assigned to command the Kyoto Regiment.
Nishida was promoted to the rank of major-general on 1 August 1942 and assigned command of the 3rd Independent Defense Regiment, a reserve force. However, as the war situation deteriorated for Japan, they were recalled to combat duty and assigned the 1st Amphibious Brigade, which was the main defense force for the island of Eniwetok in the Marshall Islands. The 1st Amphibious Brigade had just been formed from the 3rd Independent Reserve Regiment, formerly based in Manchukou, and was poorly trained and unaccustomed to the tropics. The brigade had 3,940 men; however, with the loss of its supply ship Aikoku Maru during Operation Hailstone, only 2,586 men arrived on Eniwetok. These men were supplemented by aviation personnel, civilian employees, and labourers. Most were stationed on Parry Island, where Nishida established their HQ.
Nishida had erected several defensive positions to keep the Americans at bay, but the small size of the island made defenses in depth near impossible. With heavy naval artillery support, US Marines stormed Parry island on 22 February 1944, sustaining 131 casualties (37 KIA), against which Nishida and almost all of their 800 defenders were annihilated. Nishida was posthumously awarded the Order of the Golden Kite, 4th class and was promoted to lieutenant-general.
References
External links
Ammenthorp, The Generals
1892 births
1944 deaths
People from Kōchi Prefecture
Imperial Japanese Army generals of World War II
Japanese military personnel killed in World War II
Recipients of the Order of the Golden Kite
Carrot juice is juice produced from carrots.
Overview
Carrot juice has a particularly high content of β-carotene, a source of vitamin A, but it is also high in B complex vitamins like folate, and many minerals including calcium, copper, magnesium, potassium, phosphorus, and iron. A pound (454 g) of carrots will yield about a cup of juice (about 236 ml), which is a low yield compared to fruits like apples and oranges. However, carrot pulp is very tough; the main difficulty in juicing carrots is in separating the pulp from the juice.
Like many products high in beta-carotene, it may cause temporary carotenoderma, a benign skin condition resulting in an orange-yellow hue to the skin. Drinking more than 3 cups of carrot juice in a 24-hour period over a prolonged period of time may be enough to cause the condition.
Carrot juice has a uniquely sweet flavour of concentrated carrots. Unlike many juices, it is opaque. It is often consumed as a health drink. Carrots have been made into soups and juices for hundreds of years. In America carrot juice was one of the first colorants used to make cheese a darker color.
Nutritional information
100 g of canned carrot juice contains the following nutritional information according to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA):
Calories : 40 kcal
Protein: 0.95 g
Fat: 0.15 g
Carbohydrates: 9.28 g
Dietary fibers: 0.8 g
Cholesterol: 0 mg (insignificant amount)
See also
V8
Green smoothie
Juicing
List of carrot dishes
List of juices
References
External links
Beta Carotene, Mayo Clinic
Vegetable juice
Carrot dishes
Glak (Armenian, from Middle Iranian *gilak or *gulak "little flower") may be:
Zenob Glak
Saint Karapet Monastery, a 4th-century monastery of Taron, is also known as Glak Monastery, after Zenob Glak
Glak (Cylaces), a 4th-century Armenian Grand Chamberlain (hayr mardpet)
Greenwich Village is a 1944 American comedy-drama musical film from Twentieth Century Fox directed by Walter Lang. It stars Carmen Miranda and Don Ameche.
Plot
In 1922, aspiring composer Kenneth Harvey (Don Ameche) travels from the Midwest to Greenwich Village, New York, where they hope to interest famed composer Kavosky in their concerto. Kenneth wanders into a speakeasy owned by the brash Danny O'Hare (William Bendix), who wants to put on a musical extravaganza showcasing their singing sweetheart, Bonnie Watson (Vivian Blaine). Danny hopes that the show will make Bonnie a star and make up for the fact that they cost them an opportunity of playing a leading role for Ziegfeld. Danny's other main entertainer, Princess Querida (Carmen Miranda), mistakenly assumes that Kenneth is rich, although the few hundred-dollar bills they innocently flashes are the extent of their traveling money. Danny immediately targets Kenneth as a chump and begins to get friendly with him, but Bonnie disapproves and allows Kenneth to escort their home. At their apartment, Bonnie confesses that when they came to Greenwich Village, they had aspirations to become a poet, and advises Kenneth to be more careful about displaying their money. Danny, jealous of Kenneth and Bonnie's obvious attraction to each other, brings the gang up to Bonnie's apartment for a party, and Kenneth plays some of their concerto for them.
The next morning, Danny arranges for Kenneth to move to the top floor apartment and begin writing songs for their show, although Bonnie stipulates that music from Kenneth's concerto must be withdrawn from the show if Kavosky likes it. Meanwhile, Hofer, a former violinist with Kavosky's orchestra, persuades the maestro to hear Kenneth play, which Kavosky reluctantly does to get rid of Hofer. Hofer then lies to Kenneth, telling them that Kavosky wants to perform their concerto at Carnegie Hall, and that they should begin the orchestrations immediately. Kenneth works hard on their music, which they withdraw from Danny's show, even though Bonnie has already written the lyrics. Danny is infuriated, especially when they see Bonnie and Kenneth kiss, but Bonnie is thrilled by Kenneth's seeming good fortune. Unknown to Bonnie, Danny, who continues to rehearse the numbers using Kenneth's music, is aware of the situation when Hofer swindles Danny out of their life savings, which Hofer (Felix Bressart) says is the down payment on the musicians' wages for the Carnegie Hall performance. Hofer disappears with the money, and Kenneth discovers their treachery after speaking to the surprised Kavosky.
The heartbroken Kenneth is on their way home when they see Hofer returning the money to Danny, who has realized that Bonnie is truly in love with Kenneth. The young composer misunderstands the situation and assumes that Danny and Bonnie were in on the swindle. While Kenneth is angrily packing, Querida questions them and learns of their misapprehension. They then gets them arrested by giving them some bootleg liquor to carry, and while Kenneth languishes in jail, Danny, Bonnie and the others step up their rehearsals and prepare to open the show. On opening night, Danny's right-hand man, Brophy, bails Kenneth out of jail, and the irate composer rushes over to the theater to confront Danny. As they watch from the audience, Kenneth is amazed to see Kavosky conduct their concerto, which has been turned into an elaborate number featuring Querida and Bonnie. Kenneth rushes backstage, where Danny reveals that Kavosky volunteered their services after learning of the swindle perpetrated by Hofer. Danny also advises Kenneth to make up with Bonnie, and after their final number, Kenneth embraces them in the wings.
Production
Information in the Twentieth Century-Fox Produced Scripts Collection, located at the UCLA Arts, indicates that Robert Ellis, Helen Logan and Valentine Davies worked on early versions of the screenplay for this picture. Their contribution to the completed film is doubtful, however.
According to news published by The Hollywood Reporter in 29 October 1942, Alice Faye and Phil Regan were originally scheduled to star in the picture. Other actors announced by The Hollywood Reporter as having been cast included Ronald Graham, Jack Oakie (who was to play "Danny O'Mara" according to studio records), Phil Baker and Perry Como (who was to make their debut in the picture).
In July 1943, The Hollywood Reporter also reported that Lillian Porter had been cast in the film, but their appearance in the completed picture has not been confirmed. Although the onscreen credits introduce actor Vivian Blaine "in Them First Featured Role," Blaine had appeared in several previous productions for Twentieth Century-Fox, including a starring role in the 1943 film Jitterbugs. According to an item published by The Hollywood Reporter on 2 November 1943, the studio placed Blaine into Greenwich Village after showing two theater audiences a test reel of Technicolor footage of Blaine, Gale Robbins, Faye Marlowe, Lois Andrews and Doris Merrick, then asking the audiences to choose their favorite.
The picture marked the screen debut of The Revuers, a cabaret group featuring Judy Holliday (who is billed as Judith Tuvim on the CBCS), Betty Comden, Adolph Green and Alvin Hammer. Although news published by The Hollywood Reporter indicated that The Revuers' "satiric sketch of a Shubert operetta" had been purchased by the studio for their debut, the sequence was cut from the finished picture, and modern sources note that the group appears only in the party scene at "Bonnie Watson's" apartment. After the group broke up, Holliday became a well-known Broadway and motion picture comedian and won an Academy Award for Best Actress for Born Yesterday. Comden and Green became a popular songwriting team whose films included Singin' in the Rain and On the Town. Actor Felix Bressart was borrowed from MGM for the production.
According to information in the film's file in the MPAA/PCA Collection at the AMPAS Library, the Production Code Administration initially rejected the screenplay due to "sustained scenes of excessive and unnecessary drinking and drunkenness." News published by The Hollywood Reporter in November 1942 noted that songwriter Leo Robin was teamed with Nacio Herb Brown to compose the film's songs after Robin's longtime collaborator, Ralph Rainger, died in a plane crash on 23 October 1942.
In a 27 October 1943 The Hollywood Reporter news item listing songs that were to be included in the film, the Robin and Brown songs "I'm Down to My Last Dream," "You Make Me Mad," "Oh, Brother," "Never Before," "That Thing They Sing About," "I've Been Smiling in My Sleep" and "I Have to See You Privately" were mentioned, but none of these titles were in the completed picture. Carmen Miranda's rendition of "Give Me a Band and a Bandana" includes excerpts from "O Que e que a baiana tem?" by Dorival Caymmi and "Quando eu penso na baia" by Ary Barroso.
Cast
Carmen Miranda as Princess Quereda O'Toole
Don Ameche as Kenneth Harvey
William Bendix as Danny O'Mara
Vivian Blaine as Bonnie Watson
Felix Bressart as Hofer
The Four Step Brothers as Themselves
Critical reception
"Technicolor is the picture's chief asset," said The New York Times of Greenwich Village, a Fox musical from a decidedly lesser tier than the studio's great "A" productions, but still worth a look for the presence of Carmen Miranda and, yes, Leon Shamroy's Technicolor cinematography.
Peggy Simmonds wrote in a review for The Miami News, "Fortunately for Greenwich Village, the picture is made in Technicolor and has Carmen Miranda. Unfortunately for Carmen Miranda, the production doesn't do their justice (...) the overall effect is disappointing (...) but still they sparkle the picture whenever they appear."
Times review complained that the cast was hardly formidable enough to sustain a movie with such thin plot and characters, and while that may be true, it's still interesting to see how Fox tried to launch Vivian Blaine as a big new star, and it's unique (to say the least!) to see William Bendix sing and dance. Bendix had recently become a star supporting player and had already perfected a screen persona of a lovable doofus. Time magazine's review of Greenwich Village marveled at how the persona was just that; in real life, apparently, Bendix was cultivated and mannered. "Bendix is probably the world's highest-paid professional ignoramus," said Time. "As such they now rates star billing at their studio and makes more money than the President of the U.S."
Vivian Blaine was touted as a newcomer by the Fox publicity machine, but in truth they had already been credited in four previous films, including Jitterbugs (1943), in which they played a significant role opposite Laurel and Hardy. They went on to do more movies and television but they never became a movie star. They will instead best be remembered for their stage work, especially as the original "Miss Adelaide" in the stage and screen versions of Guys and Dolls (1950 stage, 1955 film).
Carmen Miranda, on the other hand, who here sings "Give Me a Band and a Bandana," was still at the peak of their popularity, with Greenwich Village coming hot on the heels of their best and most famous film, The Gang's All Here (1943). Film historian Jeanine Basinger has written astutely that the Brazilian bombshell "wasn't a real movie star, but someone who did star turns in movies...She was an important escape fantasy of World War II." (from The Star Machine, Knopf) Known for their insanely over-the-top costumes, elaborate, fruit-laden headpieces, and hugely energetic singing and dancing, Carmen Miranda was always exaggerated to a delightful level.
DVD release
The film was released on DVD in June 2008 as part of Fox's "The Carmen Miranda Collection."
See also
List of American films of 1944
References
External links
1944 films
1944 musical comedy films
20th Century Fox films
American musical comedy films
Films directed by Walter Lang
Films set in New York City
Films about composers
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
Haldenstein Castle is a castle in the former municipality of Haldenstein (now part of Chur) of the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Chur
Cultural property of national significance in Graubünden
Castles in Graubünden
Mohi-ud-Din Islamic University (MIU) is a private university in Nerian Sharif, Azad Kashmir, Pakistan, that offers undergraduate and post-graduate education. It was established under Act 1 of Azad Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly.
History
Mohi-ud-Din Islamic University, Nerian Sharif, Azad Kashmir. It is a chartered university and is recognized by the Higher Education Commission of Pakistan (HEC). On the basis of academic excellence achieved by the university, it has been placed in the highest category - 'W' (A).
Degree programs
Bachelor of Business Administration
Bachelor of Commerce
BS Biotechnology
BS Chemistry
BS Computer Science
BS English
BS Islamic Studies
BS Mathematics
BS Sports Sciences & Physical Education
LLB (5 Years)
M.A English
M.Phil. Biotechnology
M.Phil. Botany
M.Phil. Chemistry
M.Phil. Education
M.Sc. Botany
M.Sc. Chemistry
M.Sc. Economics
M.Sc. Mathematics
MS Computer Science
MS Management Science
Ph.D. Mathematics
MBBS
Doctor of Pharmacy (PharmD)
References
External links
Universities and colleges in Azad Kashmir
Private universities and colleges in Pakistan
Islamic universities and colleges in Pakistan
Mohi-ud-Din Educational Institutes
This is a partial list of compositions by Franz Lachner.
Works with opus number
By opus number:
Works without opus number
Notes
References
Wulf, Jürgen (1999) (in German). Die Geistliche Vokalmusik Franz Lachners: Biographische und stilistische Untersuchungen mit thematischem Verzeichnis. Hildesheim: Georg Olms Verlag. .
Bussenius, Arthur Friedrich (1856) (in German). ""Die" Componisten der neueren Zeit: Adam, Auber, Beethoven ... ; in Biographien geschildert. Franz, Vincenz, Ignaz Lachner : Biographien · Volume 39". Ernst Balde Verlag.
External links
(Worklist, pp. 50–55).
Lachner, Franz Paul
Watford F.C. Under-23s and Academy is the youth setup of Watford. The Under-23 team is effectively Watford's second-string side, but is limited to three outfield players and one goalkeeper over the age of 23 per game following the introduction of new regulations from the 2012–13 season. The Under-18 side is the most senior team in the Academy.
Home fixtures are contested at the UCL Sports Ground, based in Bell Lane, Shenley, Hertfordshire.
Players
Players who will qualify as under-23s in season 2022–23 (i.e. born on or after 1 January 1999) and who are outside the first-team squad. Players born after 1 September 2004 are scholars, who can play for the under-18 team.
Overseas loan group
References
External links
Watford Under-23s at watfordfc.com
Watford Under-18s at watfordfc.com
Professional Development League
Watford F.C.
Football academies in England
Wycoff may refer to:
People
Leon Ames (1902–1993), born Leon Wycoff, American film and television actor
Corrina Wycoff (fl. 2007–2016), American writer
Doug Wycoff (1903–1981), American football player
Michael Wycoff (born 1956), American R&B singer
Places
Wykoff, Minnesota, a city in Minnesota, U.S.
See also
Wyckoff (disambiguation)
Wyckoff School District
Disambiguation pages with surname-holder lists
Bulbine bulbosa, commonly known as bulbine lily, native leek, golden lily, or native onion, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asphodelaceae and is endemic to Australia. It is a perennial herb with thick roots, channelled leaves, and yellow flowers with hairy stamen filaments.
Description
Bulbine bulbosa is a perennial herb that grows in tufts high with thick, fleshy roots and usually a bulb-like tuber. There are between three and seven leaves, channelled to more or less cylindrical, tapering and hollow, up to long and wide. The flowers are borne in racemes long with up to fifty fragrant flowers on one or two scapes long. Each flower is on a pedicel long with a bract long at the base. The six tepals are yellow, long and wide, and the stamens are long with golden-brown, club-shaped hairs on the filaments, and gold-coloured anthers. Flowering occurs from February to March and the fruit is a more or less spherical to oval capsule long.
Taxonomy
This species was first formally described in 1810 by Robert Brown who gave it the name Anthericum bulbosa in their Prodromus Florae Novae Hollandiae et Insulae Van Diemen. In 1821, Adrian Hardy Haworth changed the name to Bulbine bulbosa in Revisiones Plantarum Succulentarum. The specific epithet (bulbosa) means "bulb", although the species does not form true bulbs.
The taxon may be a complex of up to four distinct species.
Distribution and habitat
Bulbine bulbosa is found in all Australian states and the Australian Capital Territory, except for Western Australia and the Northern Territory. It grows in a wide range of habitats but usually in damp places in grassland, woodland and forest, sometimes at altitudes above .
Ecology
Experiments have shown that the ability of self-sown seeds of B. bulbosa to germinate between tufts of grasses of several species, depends on the species of grass and the gap width between the tufts. The experiments were performed to test the performance of the B. bulbosa in habitat reconstruction programs in south-eastern Australia.
Uses
Bush food
The corms of mature plants are nutritious, containing calcium and iron, and were used as food by Aboriginal people, who called it parm, puewan, and pike. They regarded the corms as the sweetest-tasting of the lily and lily-like Australian plants.
Use in horticulture
The long-lasting stalks of fragrant, attractive yellow flowers and its moderate frost-hardiness have encouraged its use as a garden flower in suitable areas. Few garden varieties have been developed, however. The plant can be propagated from seeds or by division of the corm. Seeds are released from the ripened seed capsules and are best kept at least a month or two before use. They should be sown in the spring, and germination takes about 35 days. Watering and good drainage are essential.
The species suppresses self-fertilization, so collecting seeds from garden-grown plants may result in low germination. Planting seeds from multiple sources may increase yield.
Toxicity
The plant is said to cause scouring if eaten by sheep or cattle.
References
bulbosa
Flora of New South Wales
Flora of Queensland
Flora of Tasmania
Flora of South Australia
Flora of Victoria (Australia)
Plants described in 1810
Taxa named by Robert Brown (botanist, born 1773)
Gilbert FitzRichard de Clare, 1st Earl of Hertford (–1152), feudal baron of Clare in Suffolk, was created Earl of Hertford by King Stephen.
Career
Gilbert was the eldest son of Richard Fitz Gilbert de Clare and Adeliza. Their mother Adeliza was the daughter of Ranulf le Meschin, 3rd Earl of Chester and Countess Lucy as well as the sister of Ranulf de Gernon, 4th Earl of Chester. Gilbert, who was born before 1115, succeeded their father to the honor of Clare including Tonbridge Castle on 15 Apr. 1136.
Gilbert was created Earl of Hertford about 1138, possibly about the same time their uncle was created Earl of Pembroke. They were a supporter of King Stephen for a time, but seems to have joined the Empress Matilda at some point. When the king took Ranulf de Gernon, the Earl of Chester, prisoner the Earl gave their nephew Geoffrey as a guarantor for their liberation and good conduct.
Second rebellion
In 1147, Ranulf de Gernon rebelled against King Stephen again. The king, in turn, seized Gilbert and held them prisoner until they agreed to surrender all their castles. After doing so the Earl of Hertford was released, but then joined their uncle Ranulf's rebellion. Gilbert, Earl of Pembroke, who up to this time had remained loyal to Stephen, then demanded their nephew Gilbert's castles 'maintaining that they were theirs by hereditary right'. When Stephen refused, Gilbert the Earl of Pembroke also joined Ranulph's rebellion. Stephen then confiscated their castles as well. Not long after, however, the king reconciled with both Gilberts, however, Ranulf de Gernon joined Henry of Anjou (later Henry II of England).
Gilbert died unmarried and without issue in 1152 and was buried at Clare Priory. They were succeeded by their brother Roger de Clare.
Notes
References
Clare, Gilbert Fitz Richard de
Gilbert
1110s births
People of The Anarchy
Earls of Hertford
Peers created by King Stephen
Kameni may refer to:
Carlos Kameni (born 1984), Cameroonian football player
Mathurin Kameni (born 1978), Cameroonian football player
Nea Kameni ('New Kameni'), an island of Greece
Palaia Kameni ('Old Kameni'), an island of Greece
The Journal of Genocide Research is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering studies of genocide. Established in 1999, for the first six years it was not peer-reviewed. Since December 2005, it is the official journal of the International Network of Genocide Scholars. Previous editors have been Henry R. Huttenbach, Dominik J. Schaller, and Jürgen Zimmerer. The journal is abstracted and indexed in Political Science Abstracts, Historical Abstracts, and America: History and Life. As of 2021, the journal is published by Routledge and the editor-in-chief is A. Dirk Moses (University of Sydney).
Israel Charny published an article titled "Holocaust Minimization, Anti-Israel Themes, and Antisemitism: Bias at the Journal of Genocide Research". Their allegations were rejected by contributors to the Journal of Genocide Research.
References
External links
International Network of Genocide Scholars
Holocaust Memorial Day Trust
Political science journals
History journals
Academic journals about the Holocaust
International relations journals
Publications established in 1999
Taylor & Francis academic journals
Quarterly journals
English-language journals
Genocide research and prevention organisations
Yury Mikhaylovich Ilyasov (; 30 November 1926 – 26 December 2005) was a Soviet high jumper. They competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics and shared 13th place.
References
1926 births
2005 deaths
Soviet male high jumpers
Athletes (track and field) at the 1952 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of the Soviet Union
"Run for the Roses" is a song written and recorded by singer/songwriter Dan Fogelberg in 1980.
Background
The chorus mentions "the chance of a lifetime in a lifetime of chance", at once describing the experience of horse racing and life itself. The song has since been used as an unofficial theme for the Kentucky Derby.
Chart performance
Released as a single from the album The Innocent Age the following year, it peaked at number 18 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Popular culture
The song was commissioned by ABC for its telecast of the 106th running of the Derby in 1980, and premiered on the network's Derby preview special the night before. Fogelberg stated that it was written in two days. The performance was broadcast from the Red Barn, the student activities building at the University of Louisville.
References
1980 songs
1981 singles
Kentucky Derby
Dan Fogelberg songs
Songs written by Dan Fogelberg
Songs about horses
Songs about Kentucky
Full Moon Records singles
The 1963–64 season was the 8th season of the Liga Nacional de Baloncesto. Real Madrid won the title.
Teams and venues
First stage
Group A
League table
Group B
League table
Final stage
League table
Relegation playoffs
Teams qualified between 4th and 6th played the relegation playoffs. Only two teams remained in the league: Canoe NC and CD Mataró.
Stats Leaders
Points
References
External links
ACB.com
Linguasport
Liga Española de Baloncesto (1957–1983) seasons
1963–64 in Spanish basketball
Mr. Prime Minister is a story based on 2005 Bollywood political status film produced, directed and written by Dev Anand for Navketan films. The film stars himself, Shahbaz Khan, Prem Chopra, Boman Irani, Milind Gunaji, A.K. Hangal. The film was released to negative reviews.
Cast
Dev Anand as Johny Master
Tara Sharma as Roshanara
Shahbaz Khan
Mohan Joshi as Raja Sahab
Prem Chopra
A.K. Hangal
Boman Irani
Milind Gunaji
Dev Gill as Al Qaida man
Music
"Mr. Prime Minister" (Hindi) - Dev Anand
"Chuimui Si Zindagi" - Sunidhi Chauhan
"Main Khoya Tha Awara Hai" - Babul Supriyo
"Yeh Sama Hain Na" - Sunidhi Chauhan
"Mr Prime Minister" (English) - Dev Anand
References
External links
2005 films
2000s Hindi-language films
Films directed by Dev Anand
Films scored by Bappi Lahiri
The Mascarene martin or Mascarene swallow (Phedina borbonica) is a passerine bird in the swallow family that breeds in Madagascar and in the Mascarene Islands. The nominate subspecies occurs on Mauritius and Réunion and has never been found away from the Mascarene Islands, but the smaller Madagascan subspecies, P. b. madagascariensis, is migratory and has been recorded wintering in East Africa or wandering to other Indian Ocean islands.
The Mascarene martin is a small swallow that has grey-brown underparts becoming white on the throat and lower abdomen, dark grey-brown upperparts and a slightly forked tail. The underparts are heavily streaked with black. It nests in small colonies anywhere with suitably sheltered sites for constructing a nest, such as ledges, buildings, tunnels, caves or amongst rocks. The nest is a shallow cup of twigs and other plant material, and the normal clutch is two or three brown-spotted white eggs. The incubation and fledging times are unknown. The Mascarene martin has a heavy flight with slow wingbeats interspersed with glides, and frequently perches on wires. It feeds on insects in flight, often hunting low over the ground or vegetation. In eastern Africa, open habitats such as deforested areas are frequently used for hunting. A number of internal and external parasites have been detected in this species.
Tropical cyclones can adversely affect populations on the smaller islands, but the Mascarene martin is a locally common bird with an apparently stable population and is classed as a species of The Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN). Its legal protection ranges from none on the French overseas department of Réunion to a status on Mauritius as a "species of wildlife in respect of which more severe penalties are provided".
Taxonomy
The Mascarene martin was first formally described in 1789 as Hirundo borbonica by German zoologist Johann Friedrich Gmelin in their 13th edition of Linnaeus's Systema Naturae. It is likely that the species had previously been described by French naturalist Philibert Commerson who died in Mauritius in 1773. Their huge collection of specimens and notes was sent back to the Paris Museum in 1774, but destroyed by sulphur fumigation in about 1810. French biologist Charles Lucien Bonaparte moved the martin to their newly created genus Phedina in 1855. The genus name is derived from the Greek phaios (φαιός) "brown" and the Italian rondine "swallow", and the species name refers to the Île de Bourbon (old French name for Réunion). There are two subspecies, nominate P. b. borbonica on Mauritius and Réunion, and P. b. madagascariensis in Madagascar.
Phedina is placed within the Hirundininae subfamily, which comprises all swallows and martins except the very distinctive river martins. DNA sequence studies suggest that there are three major groupings within the Hirundininae, broadly correlating with the type of nest built. These groups are the "core martins", including burrowing species like the sand martin; the "nest-adopters", which are birds like the tree swallow that utilise natural cavities; and the "mud nest builders", such as the barn swallow, which build a nest from mud. Mascarene martins nest in burrows and therefore belong to the "core martins".
The genus Phedina is thought to be an early offshoot from the main swallow lineage, although the striped plumage suggests a distant relationship with streaked African Hirundo species. The Brazza's martin, P. brazzae, formerly was included in this genus, but now is included in its own genus, Phedinopsis, due to the significant differences in vocalisations and nest type from its relative.
German ornithologist Gustav Hartlaub separated the Madagascan population of the Mascarene martin as a full species, P. madagascariensis, but more recent authorities have considered it to be only a subspecies, P. b. madagascariensis.
Description
Adult Mascarene martins of the nominate subspecies are long with wings averaging and weigh . This small hirundine has dark brown-grey upperparts with faint streaking. It has grey-brown underparts becoming white on the throat and lower abdomen, all being heavily streaked with black. The slightly forked tail averages long and has white edges to the brown undertail coverts. The wings are blackish-brown and the bill and legs are black. The eyes are dark brown and the black bill averages long. The sexes are similar, but juvenile birds have more diffuse breast streaking, and white tips to the feathers covering the closed wing. The Madagascan subspecies is overall paler and larger-billed than the nominate form. It has denser streaking on the breast, but only very fine lines on the lower abdomen and on the white undertail. It is distinctly smaller than the nominate subspecies, in length with an average weight of . This martin moults in December and January on Mauritius, and Madagascan breeders wintering on the African mainland moult in June and July.
The Mascarene martin is a relatively quiet bird, but it has a warbled siri-liri siri-liri song given in flight or when perched; some calls given by perched birds end in a glissando. Other vocalisations may be used during mating or displays of aggression. There is a chip contact call, and the young birds produce a fast twittering sound when begging for food. Birds wintering in mainland Africa are usually silent.
No other streaked swallow species occur within the island breeding range of the Mascarene martin, and in Africa the lesser striped swallow is larger, has a deeply forked tail and a very different plumage, with dark blue upperparts, a red rump and a chestnut head. The brown-throated sand martin has similar structure and plumage colour to the Mascarene martin, but has plain, unstreaked underparts. The small Mascarene swiftlet has longer, narrower wings than the martin, and a much lighter flight. The Brazza's martin is smaller, has a plainer back and finer dashing on the throat and chest, but there is no range overlap.
Distribution and habitat
The Mascarene martin's breeding range is restricted to Madagascar and the Mascarene Islands. The nominate subspecies breeds on Mauritius and Réunion and P. b. madagascariensis occurs in Madagascar. It may also nest on Pemba Island where it has been seen in the breeding season. Breeding habitat can be anywhere with suitable sites for constructing a nest, such as ledges, buildings, tunnels, caves or amongst rocks. The martin is found on the east side of Réunion between , and on the south and west coasts of Mauritius. It also occurs on inland cliffs on Mauritius.
The subspecies P. b. borbonica is resident on Mauritius and Réunion, although there are local seasonal movements on these islands, but the Madagascan subspecies is migratory. The Imerina Plateau is deserted from April to September, the martins moving to lower ground or to the African mainland. It is normally uncommon and local in coastal Mozambique, Zambia, Malawi and Pemba Island, and very rare in Kenya and mainland Tanzania, although large numbers sometimes winter in Mozambique or Malawi. It has also been recorded from the Comoros and other Indian Ocean locations including at least four islands in the Seychelles. As of 2012, a total of eight birds had been sighted in the Seychelles, occurring in both the spring and autumn migration periods. Some of these records may be due to vagrant birds carried by cyclones. There are unsubstantiated claims of occurrences in the Transvaal.
Behaviour
The Mascarene martin has a heavy flight with slow wingbeats interspersed with glides, and may repeatedly return to a favourite perch. This martin is often seen perched on wires, and sometimes rests on sandy beaches. The martin roosts in small flocks in bushes, on buildings or on cliffs. Sometimes it is joined at the roost by other birds, such as blue-cheeked bee-eaters in the Seychelles.
Breeding
The Mascarene martin nests in the wet season, August to November in Madagascar, and September to early January on Mauritius and Réunion. It breeds in groups typically comprising a few pairs, although a colony of about 20 pairs has been recorded on Mauritius. The nest is a shallow cup of twigs and coarse plant material such as grass and Casuarina with a softer lining of feathers and finer vegetation. It may be constructed anywhere suitably flat and inaccessible to predators, including locations over water, on slate ledges, or in underground passageways; one particularly unusual nesting site was on a small boat moored off the coast. The normal clutch is two eggs on Madagascar and Mauritius, but two or three on Réunion. The eggs are white with brown spots and average with a weight of and are incubated by the female alone. The incubation and fledging times are unknown, although as with all hirundines the chicks are altricial, hatching naked and blind. The male helps to feed the young, and the chicks are fed by the parents after fledging, and one pair on Mauritius was observed to feed its two chicks at roughly five-minute intervals.
Feeding
The martins feed in flight, often low over the ground or vegetation. They hunt singly, in small groups or with other swallows and swifts, and are most active just before dusk. The flying insects that make up their diet include scarab, click and other beetles, bugs and flying ants. The feeding habitat in Madagascar includes woodlands, agricultural land, wetlands, semi-desert and open ground at altitudes up to . In Mauritius and Réunion this martin feeds from sea level up to over reservoirs and coasts, along cliffs and over Casuarina or other trees and scrubs, and in eastern Africa, areas deforested by logging or conversion to agriculture are used for hunting.
Predators and parasites
Mascarene martins will mob the Mauritius kestrel, suggesting that it is perceived as a potential predator. Martins on Mauritius may be infected by an endemic trypanosome, Trypanosoma phedinae, although the pathogenicity is unknown. Protozoan blood parasites of the genus Haemoproteus have also been found in the martin on Mauritius, although no blood parasites were found in a Madagascan specimen. A new species of louse fly, Ornithomya cecropis, was first found on a martin in Madagascar, and another bird from that island carried the feather mite Mesalges hirsutus, more commonly found in parrots.
Status
The breeding range of the Mascarene martin is restricted to three islands. Madagascar has an area of , but the next largest island, Réunion, is just . Although this bird has a limited range, it is abundant on Mauritius and Réunion, and locally common in Madagascar. The population size is unknown, but exceeds the vulnerability threshold of 10,000 mature individuals and is believed to be stable. This martin is therefore classed as a species of The Least Concern by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Tropical cyclones present a natural threat, particularly on the small islands inhabited by the nominate subspecies. The populations on Mauritius and Réunion were badly affected by a cyclone in February 1861, and a British ornithologist, Edward Newton, claimed not to have seen a single specimen on Mauritius between the six-day storm and June of the following year. It took many years for this population to fully recover, but by about 1900 it was reported to be common but local, and in 1973–74 there were 200–400 pairs on Réunion and 70–75 pairs in Mauritius. More recent cyclones, like one in 1980, seem to have had less damaging effects than the 1861 storm. A number of species in the region are vulnerable partly because they are restricted to one island, or are badly affected by habitat degradation or introduced predators, and several species have been lost from the Mascarene islands since human colonisation in the seventeenth century. The martin and the Mascarene Swiftlet occur on all the main islands, and are less vulnerable to the effects of human activities, especially since they can utilise houses for nest sites.
In Mauritius, the Mascarene martin is legally protected as a "species of wildlife in respect of which more severe penalties are provided". It is illegal to kill any bird of the species or to take or destroy their nests under section 16 of the Wildlife and National Parks Act 1993, although Madagascar and the African mainland countries have no special measures beyond general bird protection legislation. Réunion is an overseas department of France, but the Birds Directive does not apply outside Europe, so there is no European-level bird protection legislation effective on the island, despite the possibility that European Union agricultural and other funding may be adversely affecting birds and vulnerable habitats.
References
Cited texts
External links
Calls at AVoCet
Mascarene martin
Birds of Réunion
Birds of Madagascar
Mascarene martin
Mascarene martin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Kristýna Plíšková was the defending champion but was no longer eligible to compete as a junior.
Ashleigh Barty defeated Irina Khromacheva in the final, 7–5, 7–6(7–3) to win the girls' singles tennis title at the 2011 Wimbledon Championships.
Seeds
Daria Gavrilova (first round)
Caroline Garcia (semifinals)
Irina Khromacheva (final)
Ons Jabeur (first round)
Eugenie Bouchard (quarterfinals)
Montserrat González (quarterfinals)
Yulia Putintseva (quarterfinals)
Victoria Bosio (first round)
Jovana Jakšić (first round)
Alison Van Uytvanck (second round)
Daria Salnikova (first round)
Ashleigh Barty (champion)
Anett Kontaveit (third round)
Viktória Maľová (first round)
Jesika Malečková (second round)
Victoria Duval (quarterfinals)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Section 1
Section 2
Bottom half
Section 3
Section 4
References
External links
Girls' Singles
Wimbledon Championship by year – Girls' singles
Wesley A.C. Pomeroy (January 1, 1920 – May 4, 1998) was an American lawyer, Assistant U.S. Attorney General, federal coordinator for the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration, assistant director of the DEA, and founding member of various humanitarian and policy-making organizations.
Biography
Early years
Pomeroy was born in Burbank, California. They attended Pacific Union College in Napa County, where they met, and later married, Marjorie Cusick. They began their law enforcement career at the California Highway Patrol as a state trooper. In 1943, they joined the Marines and served in the Pacific during World War II. After the war, they resumed their job as a California Highway Patrol officer. They joined the San Mateo County Sheriff's Office in 1951, where they rose through the ranks to become undersheriff in 1960. While in this position, they pioneered the department's work-furlough and honor camp facilities, which were the only such programs in the nation at the time. During this time, they also spent their evenings attending law school. They received a law degree from San Francisco Law School and subsequently passed the California bar exam.
In 1964, they were charged with managing security for the Republican National Convention in the Cow Palace, San Francisco, California. The convention was met with great controversy as there was conflict not only within the Republican Party itself but also from anti-war protesters and civil rights activists. Before this convention, political party conventions were only given cursory security staff unless a former or active president attended, with which Secret Service would be present. Due to several violent and non-violent threats towards the convention, Pomeroy was brought in to manage 18 different police forces providing security to the venue. Due to their diplomatic efforts and management, the convention was successful and not disrupted. Pomeroy continued to serve as a consultant on security for national conventions of both political parties until 1992.
Government career
Their success managing the Republican National Convention drew national attention, and in 1967 they were made coordinator of federal law enforcement. Under Warren Christopher, who was the deputy attorney general, they managed the Federal Command Post at the Conrad Hilton hotel overlooking Grant Park in Chicago during the 1968 Democratic Convention. Mayor Richard Daley had requested federal back-up after numerous threats by protesters. After assessing the situation, Pomeroy was frustrated with Mayor Daley's approaches, especially putting officers on 12-hour shifts, as well as being informed that they had no jurisdiction over the Chicago police force. They did have control over the Illinois National Guard and ordered them to replace the Chicago Police Department at various times, including one night in front of the Hilton hotel. Pomeroy is credited to have, despite Mayor Daley's interference, kept the situation from becoming worse than it could have been.
Pomeroy was appointed Assistant Attorney General in 1968 by Ramsey Clark, the Attorney General in President Lyndon B. Johnson's administration. Clark appointed them to help coordinate anti-crime efforts, as well as heading the Federal area of the investigation into the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. During this time they also implemented plans for protecting all the government buildings in Washington, D.C.
Lyndon B. Johnson then appointed Pomeroy as the Republican member to lead the Law Enforcement Assistance Administration along with Patrick V. Murphy and Ralph Liu. They were replaced when Richard Nixon took over as President of the United States in late 1969.
Ramsey Clark later stated after Pomeroy's death, "Wes Pomeroy was a loving and gentle person who worked hard, over the years, to heal the violence in our society. They were one of the few people in law enforcement whose interest and commitment was humanitarian and who understood that security depends finally on love not force."
Pomeroy returned to public service in 1977 under the Carter administration. They were a consultant on the Drug Abuse Council (now part of the National Institute on Drug Abuse) before becoming the assistant director of the Drug Enforcement Administration. They also served as the associate director of the White House Office of Drug Abuse Policy (now the Office of National Drug Control Policy).
Woodstock Festival
One of the most memorable aspects of Wesley Pomeroy's career was serving as vice president and director of security for the Woodstock Festival of 1969. Despite high-profile bands and almost 500,000 in attendance, there were only 2 confirmed deaths, both of which were accidental. Pomeroy went on to head security for some high-profile bands' US tours, including Led Zeppelin.
They described the problems with such a large festival in an interview with the Redwood City Tribune. "I think I would discourage anyone thinking about putting on another one. When you get that many people together who want to use drugs and take off their clothes, it is impossible to enforce the laws against those things," they were quoted. The last Woodstock concert, in 1999, was shut down early due to violence, rape, fires, and other malicious civil unrest.
Career after government service
Pomeroy briefly had a criminal justice consulting firm from 1969 to 1971, when they relocated their family from Falls Church, Virginia to Minnesota after taking a job with the University of Minnesota. The board of regents appointed Pomeroy as the director of safety and development in 1971. They held this position until 1974, when they resigned to return to traditional law enforcement. Pomeroy moved back to California and served as the Berkeley, California, chief of police. They left this post in 1977 at the request to serve in Jimmy Carter's administration.
After Carter left office, Pomeroy became the deputy director of the Michigan Department of Mental Health. They went on to become an honorary fellow with the American Psychiatric Association, an award seldom given to non-physicians.
Pomeroy assumed the role of executive director of the Miami-Dade Independent Review Panel in 1983. They retain the title in emeritus to this day. Their service in this capacity was so valued that mandatory ordinances for retirement were suspended twice so that they could continue in this position. After heart bypass surgery, they retired in 1995.
Organizational involvement
Wesley Pomeroy was a key figure in the creation of prominent organizations and served important advisory roles in others. They were the founder and president of the International Association of the Civilian Oversight of Law Enforcement (now the National Association of the Civilian Oversight of Law Enforcement), was a founder of the Police Executive Research Forum, and a founding member of the International Study of Panetics. They were also a long-time member of the American Civil Liberties Union (where they also previously served on the board of directors), National Drug Strategy Network, National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (also serving on the advisory board in 1977), the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, American Psychiatric Association, the Drug Policy Foundation (where they also served as a director until their death), and the Unrepresented People's Positive Action Council.
Death
Wesley Pomeroy died May 4, 1998, aged 78, at Mount Sinai Medical Center in Miami Beach, FL, of complications from heart failure.
They were survived by their second wife, Lonna P. Carroll, three daughters: Nancy Bucher of Palm Springs, CA, Virginia Pomeroy of Germantown, WI, and Victoria Pomeroy of Germantown, TN as well as five grandchildren, four stepchildren and seven step-grandchildren, and three step great grandchildren. They were preceded in death by one daughter, Patricia Pomeroy.
References
"Wesley Pomeroy, 78, Security Chief at Woodstock, Dies,", New York Times, May 15, 1998
Wesley A. Pomeroy, Woodstock security chief , The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, May 16, 1998
Death of Wes Pomeroy, Gordon E. Misner, May 15, 1998
Wes Pomeroy, 78, Former Berkeley Police Chief, Head of Security at Woodstock, DPF Director, Dies, San Francisco Chronicle, May 13, 1998
Community Policing as a Subject for Panetic Analysis, Pomeroy, Wesley, International Society of Panetics
Pomeroy recalls 8 busy years, Shilstone, Bill, Redwood City Tribune, June 23, 1973, pg. 4
High in America, Patrick Anderson, 1981, The Viking Press, New York, Ch. 13
1968 Democratic Convention protests
Woodstock, GoRockFest.com article
Memorial: Wesley Pomeroy, Kevin Zeese, Common Sense for Drug Policy Foundation
University of Minnesota, Board of Regents Minutes, 1970–1971
International Society of Panetics, Founding Members List
National Organization For the Reform of Marijuana Laws, 1977 Advisory Board, National Families In Action
1920 births
1998 deaths
People from Burbank, California
Pacific Union College alumni
United States Assistant Attorneys General
American humanitarians
United States Marine Corps personnel of World War II
California lawyers
American state police officers
American deputy sheriffs
Drug Enforcement Administration personnel
American law enforcement officials
American civil rights activists
United States Marines
20th-century American politicians
Activists from California
20th-century American lawyers
20th-century American Episcopalians
Worms Armageddon is a 1999 turn-based strategy video game developed and published by Team17. It was originally released for the Microsoft Windows operating system, and was later ported to the PlayStation, Dreamcast, Nintendo 64, and Game Boy Color. Worms Armageddon is the third installment in the Worms series. In the game, the player controls a team of up to eight earthworms tasked with defeating an opposing team using a wide range of weapons at their disposal. The game takes place on a destructible and customizable two-dimensional board and is characterized by cartoonish graphics and a unique brand of humour.
Worms Armageddon was originally developed as an expansion pack to Worms 2 and initially titled Wormageddon before it was released as a standalone game. Worms Armageddon was acclaimed by critics, who praised the refined gameplay and stylized graphics, and it has been featured in a number of "greatest games of all time" lists. Worms Armageddon is still updated periodically as of 2020, and was released on the Steam platform in 2013.
Gameplay
Gameplay is turn-based, with each team moving in sequence, which is determined randomly, across two-dimensional terrain. During a single turn, a team can only move one of their worms (unless an item that allows the team to select their worm is used). Worms can walk and jump, as well as (when the proper items are available) swing by rope, parachute, teleport, and bungee. The objective of a traditional match is to defeat all opposing teams by killing their worms, although in the campaign some missions have other objectives such as collecting a specific crate.
Each worm begins the round with a specific amount of health, which is predefined by the chosen game options or by scripting in campaign levels. When hit with a weapon, the worm will lose health depending upon the power of the weapon and the directness of the hit. A worm can be killed either by exploding after having its health reduced to zero or by being knocked into the water around and below the level.
The game includes a wide variety of weapons, including melee, projectile, and explosive weapons, as well as airstrike-based attacks. Some are based on real-life arms, such as the shotgun, bazooka, and hand grenade; others are rather fanciful and cartoonish, such as the sheep, which serves as a mobile explosive, and the skunk, which releases poisonous gas. In a normal match, all teams begin with the same weapons, based on the chosen weapon set. Some weapons may not become available until a certain number of turns pass. Depending on the game options, additional weapons may randomly fall onto the terrain in airdropped and teleported crates. In addition to normal weapons, during team creation, each team chooses a special weapon which becomes available to them after a certain number of turns. The special weapons are more powerful than regular weapons and often offer special abilities; super weapons will rarely fall in weapon crates. These weapons are often based on cartoonish themes, such as the French Sheep Strike, and usually devastating in power. In homage to the film Monty Python and the Holy Grail, one of the game weapons is a Holy Hand Grenade, with a sound-effect reminiscent of the Hallelujah chorus from Handel's Messiah.
Gameplay modes
Worms Armageddon includes a series of training missions, a single-player campaign with premade missions, a deathmatch mode in which the player fights increasingly difficult and outnumbered battles against the computer, local multiplayer, and online multiplayer.
Local multiplayer allows the player to select which teams participate in the battle as well as the number of worms and handicaps, which options and weapons are used, and the level to be played on. The matches can use any combination of human and computer teams, provided at least one team is human. Additionally, multiple worm teams can form an alliance for the match by selecting the same team color – they will still operate separately in movement rotation but share weapons and score. If multiple human players are using the same computer, the game functions in a hotseat mode.
Online multiplayer is set up similarly to local multiplayer but allows the players to be at separate computers. Additionally, hotseat can be combined with online play, so multiple human players can use each computer.
Worms Armageddon features a multiplayer Internet service called WormNet. This service allows one player to host a game online and others to join it. The host can choose settings such as the landscape and scheme. In the past, it used to keep a score and ranking system for the players.
Customization
Worms Armageddon includes a very high level of customizability – in multiplayer games or skirmishes, the player can create custom game modes with preferred gameplay options and weapon sets. Regular options include starting health, whether the worms can move, how long a turn lasts, and sudden death options. Weapons settings include what weapons the teams start with, which weapons will fall in crates and how often, and how powerful individual weapons are. Worms Armageddon offers several levels of customizability outside of direct gameplay options.
The game offers players the ability to create their own custom teams. Each team has its own name and includes eight individually named worms. The player can also change the team's special weapon, grave marker, flag, victory fanfare, and voice set. In addition to numerous defaults available, the game offers the ability to import custom voices.
The game includes a random terrain generator, a basic terrain editor which allows the user to create the shape of the terrain with brushes, and a more complex terrain-import system which allows the user to import custom-made terrains in image format, which the game automatically converts into playable terrains.
Development
Worms Armageddon was originally intended to be an expansion pack to Worms 2, but it was eventually developed as a standalone game. It was intended to be the last game of the Worms franchise, but Worms creator Andy Davidson felt that it needed more content before being released, leading to the development of Worms World Party. It was also going to be released under the name Wormageddon, but Team17 changed the name to Worms Armageddon because of close similarities to the name of the game Carmageddon. It was released initially for PCs in 1999 in Europe and on 31 May 1999 in North America, published by Hasbro Interactive under the MicroProse brand. The game was eventually ported to Dreamcast and PlayStation on 30 November, Game Boy Color on 19 January 2000, and Nintendo 64 on 30 March 2000. The Nintendo 64 version is one of the first Nintendo 64 games to feature a terrain editor and generator. A Macintosh version was being developed by MacSoft, but it has since been cancelled. Worms Armageddon was produced by Martyn Brown and composed by Bjørn Lynne, Karl Morton was the game's lead programmer, and Dan Cartwright was the game's lead artist.
Worms Armageddon was initially released on Steam for a limited time as the preorder bonus for Worms Revolution. The Steam release included all improvements from the previously-released updates. This release was made available on 12 September 2012. Worms Armageddon was released onto the Steam store as a standalone game on 20 March 2013.
Despite its age, Worms Armageddon still receives periodic updates, mainly from two programmers known as Deadcode and CyberShadow, recruited by Team17. These updates address bugs and compatibility issues, and also add new features to the game, such as support for a greater number of worms in a match and support for arbitrarily-sized colour levels. The latest update was on 16 July 2020.
Reception
The PlayStation version of Worms Armageddon received a "Gold" sales award from the Entertainment and Leisure Software Publishers Association (ELSPA), indicating sales of at least 200,000 copies in the United Kingdom.
Worms Armageddon received generally positive reviews from video game critics, averaging a PC score of 88% on the GameRankings website. The main element across all the versions of the game that the critics considered praiseworthy is the gameplay.
The PC version of Worms Armageddon was critically successful. Whilst writing that veterans of Worms 2 would find the game to be similar, Greg Kasavin of GameSpot praised the game for being easy to play and control and humorous and the game's graphics, physics, and seemingly endless customization as well as the game's WormNet. They also likened the single-player missions to the classic game of Lemmings in that the missions often required the player to precisely utilize a limited supply of weapons and tools to accomplish the objective. Among their only criticisms are that the AI-controlled worms do not utilize their full arsenals and that the player would wish that there were more weapons, more diverse graphics and sound, and more content. Matthew Pierce of PC Gamer UK commended Team17 for addressing the problems of single-player (i.e. the missions and AI) that the original Worms and Worms 2 had always been criticized for.
The Dreamcast version's reception was positive. Johnny Liu of Game Revolution praised the version for its "addictive" gameplay, its loads of personality, and not having to save money to buy multiple controllers for multiplayer, but criticized the version for the lack of Internet support, reduced customizations compared to the PC version, and the lack of a multiple-controller option. On the contrary, Ben Stahl of GameSpot praised the multiple controller ports as well as multiplayer for being fast-paced and turned into a "barrage of havoc", but criticized the single-player for the AI-controlled worms' nearly perfect accuracy and the length of time that it takes for such worms to complete their turns. They also pointed out that the worms' high-pitched voices are "only mildly cute" and can potentially be annoying, but praised the soundtracks for lending in realism to an otherwise unrealistic experience and the background music for helping players stay on task.
The Game Boy Color port received mixed reviews. Concluding that the port is an "abridged edition of the overall game", Craig Harris of IGN criticized the version's great lack of the PC version's features (e.g. weapons) and personality and pointed out its "quirky" graphics. The reviewer felt that the game's front end was "extremely thrown together". They concluded that it was still fun to play. Chris Hudak of The Electric Playground similarly criticized the lack of weapons and also criticized the lack of soundbites and complete lack of voices and what they perceived to be "microscopic" worms that are tough for the eye to see. They did, however, praise the terrain and physics engine for being well translated from the other versions of the game.
Michael Wolf reviewed the Nintendo 64 version of the game for Next Generation, rating it three stars out of five, and stated that "a good rental if you're planning a gaming party, but for day-to-day gaming, these annelids just don't cut it".
Awards
The editors of PC Gamer US nominated Armageddon for their 1999 "Best Turn-Based Strategy Game" award, which ultimately went to Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri. They wrote that Armageddon "put up one hell of a fight [for the award] and should not be overlooked by fans of the genre". It was also a runner-up for GameSpots annual "Best Strategy Game" award among console games, losing to Ogre Battle 64.
Legacy
Worms Armageddon has been placed on several lists of the greatest games of all time. Digital Spy ranked Worms Armageddon at No. 18 on their list of the top 20 Nintendo 64 games of all time. GamesRadar ranked the game at No. 13 on their list of the top 50 PlayStation I games of all time. They also ranked it at No. 68 on their list of the top 100 video games of all time. Slant Magazine ranked the game at No. 100 on their similar list. TechRadar listed the game as one of their favourite PC games of all time.
Team17 chose to base the source code of the 2016 game Worms W.M.D entirely on that of Worms Armageddon, because fans frequently told them upon questioning that Worms Armageddon was their favourite game in the series. Additionally, the 2009 game Worms 2: Armageddon was named in honor of Worms Armageddon despite not being a direct sequel.
In 2022, Worms Armageddon added to the premium collection of PlayStation Plus.
Notes
References
External links
Official game website
Worms Armageddon at MobyGames
1999 video games
Artillery video games
Cancelled classic macOS games
Dreamcast games
Game Boy Color games
Infogrames games
MicroProse games
Nintendo 64 games
PlayStation (console) games
Strategy video games
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games scored by Bjørn Lynne
Windows games
03
Prayanam ( The voyage) is a 1975 Indian Malayalam-language feature film written by Padmarajan and directed by Bharathan. It was the debut of both Padmarajan and Bharathan. The writer-director duo is often credited for revolutionising Malayalam cinema with their expressive and innovative works.
Prayanam stars Mohan Sharma, Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair, Master Raghu, Lakshmi, Kaviyoor Ponnamma and Nanditha Bose. It probes into the realities that existed within the Brahmin community of the day. Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair plays an elderly Brahmin priest married to a girl young enough to be their daughter.
Bharathan produced the film as well as did the art direction. Music is composed by M. B. Sreenivasan with lyrics by Vayalar, Yatheendra Das and Bichu Thirumala. Bharathan remade the film into Tamil as Savithiri in 1980, but could not repeat the success.
Plot
Savithrikkutty, the eldest daughter of an aged poor Nambuthiri Brahmin is married off to an aged widower (a priest) of the same caste. The new family where they are received comprises two other members, Appu (the man's son who is just a boy) and Amminiyamma. Amminiyamma's son is working in a distant place. Until Savithri's arrival they were the sole helper of the widower. The age disparity between the man and Savithri causes their sexual life to be without colors. The man soon engages themselves in temple matters and the woman, finding no better way to kill their time plays with the man's kid and does their chores without charm. One day a young man named Aravindan comes to their ancestral house in the village. On their way they meet aged people who stare at them as if they never have seen a young man lately. Their uncle, Kizhakkethil Raman Menon receives them cordially who reminisces their (Menon's) valiant efforts at a time when their elders would frown upon education, to send their sister, Aravindan's mother, to their studies in the city. However we come to know that city culture has destroyed their soft sides and that they now live an unorganized life of an addict to intoxicants. Meanwhile, Appu, the boy-child of the priest, easily makes friends with their new wife Savithri. Strong child-mother affection develops between Appu and their stepmother Savithri. On some day, at a ritual performance, Aravindan and Savithri encounters each other for the first time. Aravindan, basically of a wandering nature does nothing significant after their arrival to the village. They then meets Savithri and their relationship develops sooner as the two can easily associate with one another's sorry lives. Aravindan, who was not cared well by their mother and as somebody who earlier had many unfulfilled and failed relationships with other women was looking for somebody who could actually understand and resonate their feelings. They then realizes Savithri to be exactly the kind of person they should have met. Gradually their romantic dreams develop without anyone suspecting them. The priest who is now completely engrossed in their temple rituals does not suspect them in any way until one day when they catch them with them in an amorous act. As a cheated husband they think it is their dharma (now that the girl Savithri sinned), as taught by their guru to send them back to their home. They send them back. Savithri's father who was also the priest's understands their dilemma and is supportive of them and unhappy about the way their disciple whom they brought up in that very home, abandoned them Meanwhile, Amminiyamma decides to reconcile the two and arrives at Savithri's house to request their father to ask the priest to receive Savithri back. The father makes their unhappiness clear and asserts how important their children are to him. However Savithri themselves returns promising they will not make the mistake again. However the priest holds their ego higher and keeps distance from them Thoughts of Aravindan's care and love start tormenting them one way or other. During the temple festival when every member of the family is off to the temple they decide to stay in the house, not wanting the people to gossip about them and the family. Holding the music box gifted by Aravindan, memories of the sweet days visit them Unexpectedly Aravindan arrives there and the two embrace each other on the background of the sound and play of the temple fireworks. The two stare at the fireworks happy but confused and anxious about their future.
The next day they leave a note to Appu encouraging them to forge their own path than abide by external forces, along with the music box which they had wanted. It is unclear what was the step they and Aravindan took. A distraught Appu throws away the music box in the river and leaves..
Cast
Mohan Sharma as Aravindan
Kottarakkara Sreedharan Nair as Brahmin priest
Master Raghu as Appu
Veeran
M. S. Namboothiri
Lakshmi as Savithri
Kaviyoor Ponnamma as Amminiyamma
Nanditha Bose as Aravindan's mother
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan with lyrics by Vayalar Ramavarma and Bichu Thirumala.
Awards
Kerala State Film Awards
Best Child Artist - Master Raghu
Best Cinematography (Black-and-white) - Balu Mahendra
Best Art Direction - Bharathan
References
External links
1975 films
1970s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Bharathan
Films with screenplays by Padmarajan
Indian black-and-white films
Films about adultery in India
Malayalam films remade in other languages
1975 directorial debut films
(Charles) Denoe Leedy (born January 19, 1900, Baltimore, Maryland - d. October 23, 1964, South Hadley, Massachusetts) was a classical pianist, music educator and music journalist.
Charles Denoe Leedy was a graduate of the Peabody Institute in Baltimore, Maryland. They also studied music in New York with Harold Bauer and Ernest Bloch and in Paris with Nadia Boulanger.
(Charles) Denoe Leedy was married to Marion H. (Sarles) Leedy, a 1920 graduate of Mt. Holyoke College and a fellow student of Nadia Boulanger in Paris. Their only child, Diana Leedy (Collopy), was born in 1927.
They performed as a concert pianist, both in recital and with orchestra in their early years. Among the orchestras with whom they performed were the Baltimore Symphony and the Cleveland Orchestra. Leedy performed in recital frequently in Boston on concert series' presented by Boston impresario Aaron Richmond. In November 1925 Leedy gave the Boston premieres of Aaron Copland's Passacaglia and Igor Stravinsky's Sonate at New England Conservatory's Jordan Hall.
Mr. Leedy was Chairman of the Department of Music at Mount Holyoke College from 1937 to 1958 and Professor of Music there from 1937 to 1964. They also taught at the Beaver Country Day School, Oberlin College and the Cleveland Institute of Music.
From 1931 to 1937 Leedy was music editor and critic for The Cleveland Press. Leedy also published in The Musical Quarterly.
References
1900 births
1964 deaths
American music educators
Cleveland Institute of Music faculty
Peabody Institute alumni
20th-century American pianists
American male pianists
20th-century American male musicians
Mount Holyoke College faculty
Polyortha magnifica is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Panama.
References
Moths described in 1914
Polyortha
A factory inspector is someone who checks that factories comply with regulations affecting them.
UK Factory Inspectorate
The enforcement of UK Factory Acts before that of 1833 had been left to local magistrates, which had meant that any compliance with those acts within the cotton industry to which they applied was effectively voluntary. The initial role of the Factory Inspectorate was to ensure compliance with the limits on age and working hours for children in the cotton industry, thus protecting them from overwork and injury. Four factory inspectors were appointed, with powers equivalent to a magistrate, the right to enter at will any cotton mill at work, and powers to introduce regulations (without parliamentary approval) to effectively implement the Factory Act. The inspectors were assisted by 'superintendents', who had none of their powers (the lack of a right of entry being a particular weakness). The Factory Act 1844 made the superintendents into 'sub-inspectors' with the right of entry at will. By the same Act, the inspectors lost their magisterial powers and the right to make regulations was transferred to the Home Secretary; a duty to guard machinery was laid on employers (but only where the machinery was in areas accessed by children or young people), the Factory Inspectorate therefore becoming concerned with the adequacy of machine guarding.
In 1893 Mary Paterson and May Tennant were the first two women to become factory inspectors earning £200 a year. Factory Inspectors had existed since 1833 but for the first sixty years they were all men.
H.M. Chief Inspector of Factories.
A chronological list of Them (His) Majesty's Chief Inspector of Factories:
See also
Factory Acts
Health and Morals of Apprentices Act 1802
References
Health and safety in the United Kingdom
Crothaema is a genus of moths in the family Limacodidae.
Species
Some species of this genus are:
Crothaema conspicua Janse, 1964
Crothaema decorata Distant, 1892
Crothaema flava Berio, 1940
Crothaema gloriosa Hering, 1928
Crothaema mormopis Meyrick, 1934
Crothaema ornata Romieux, 1934
Crothaema schoutedeni Hering, 1954
Crothaema sericea Butler, 1880
Crothaema trichromata West, 1937
References
Butler, A. G. 1880b. On a collection of Lepidoptera from Madagascar with descriptions of new genera and species. - Annals and Magazine of Natural History (5)5:333–344, 384–395.
Limacodidae genera
Limacodidae
Taxa named by Arthur Gardiner Butler
Philippe II may refer to:
Philippe II of France (1165–1223)
Philippe II de Croÿ (1496–1549)
Philippe II, Duke of Orléans (1674–1723)
See also
Philip II (disambiguation)
Rear Admiral Richard Joseph Naughton (October 5, 1946 – February 25, 2011) was the superintendent of the U.S. Naval Academy from 2002 to 2003.
Navy career
Designated a Naval Flight Officer in 1969, Rear Admiral Naughton was initially assigned to Fighter Squadron 84, for the F-14 Tomcat, and was assigned to Fighter Squadron TWENTY FOUR, where they participated in the squadron's first F-14 deployment in USS Constellation. In 1978, they reported to their next assignment as aide and flag lieutenant to commander, Fleet Air Western Pacific, home ported in Atsugi, Japan.
In 1980, Rear Admiral Naughton reported to Fighter Squadron 111, and made deployments to the Western Pacific and Indian Ocean in USS Kitty Hawk and USS Carl Vinson. Rear Admiral Naughton joined the staff of commanders, Naval Air Forces, US Pacific Fleet in 1983, where they served as Fighter and Airborne Early Warning Training Officer.
Rear Admiral Naughton returned to Fighter Squadron 24 for their next assignment as executive officer. They assumed command of the squadron in April 1985. During this tour, VF-24 made deployments in USS Ranger and again in USS Kitty Hawk. VF-24 was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation during their tenure as commanding officer.
Following squadron command, Rear Admiral Naughton reported to Cruiser Destroyer Group FIVE as air operations officer and once again deployed in USS Kitty Hawk. In February 1987, Rear Admiral Naughton began Navy Nuclear Power Training, and reported to USS Enterprise as executive officer in October 1988.
On 5 January 1991, Rear Admiral Naughton assumed command of USS New Orleans. During their nine-month deployment to the Persian Gulf, USS New Orleans landed Marines in Kuwait in support of Operation Desert Storm ground offensive, and served as the United States flagship for coalition minesweeping operations in the harbors of Kuwait. They detached on 29 July 1992 to attend Aircraft Carrier Prospective Commanding Officer (PCO) training.
On 27 August 1993, Rear Admiral Naughton assumed command of USS Enterprise. During their command, they supervised a $2.1 billion refueling of the USS Enterprise nuclear plant. They led a 5,000-man crew through an intense shipyard refit, nuclear qualifications, and a multimillion-dollar ship's force habitability project. They re-energized a shipyard overhaul that was $100 million over budget and behind schedule. Teamed with all levels of Newport News Shipbuilding, the ship was delivered in 15 months and on budget. Their shipyard acumen resulted in a comprehensive Navy-wide study for other shipyard projects and, more importantly, phase two of the overhaul was completed 17% ahead of schedule and $30M under budget. Enterprise returned to the fleet with the most modern C4I systems and engineering plant on schedule and under budget. They detached on 2 February 1996.
In 1996, Rear Admiral Naughton reported to the staff of Joint Task Force-South West Asia in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, where they served as deputy director of operations before assuming duties as deputy commander in 1999.
From 1996 to 1998, they were director for plans and policy (J-5) United States Transportation Command where they developed an innovative strategy for worldwide transportation and supply chain distribution. This included the first application of radio frequency tracking tags for military cargo and distributed in transit visibility by customers. They adjudicated critical concept development for future time phased deployment needs of equipment and resources in times of crisis worldwide and orchestrated the first-ever Voluntary Intermodal Sealift Agreement that gives military access to the Global Intermodal Transportation System at a predetermined cost during time of conflict. Personally awarded the Vice President of the United States Hammer Award for outstanding government and industry cooperation.
From 1998 to 2000, Naughton served as commander, Carrier Group FOUR/Carrier Striking Force where they trained all deploying battle groups (over 100,000 sailors and marines) within the Atlantic area of responsibility and ensured all commanders were fully prepared for any contingency, had maintenance support, supply infrastructure and the proper skills to fight and win around the world. They were responsible for coordinating installations and testing with Sea, Air and Space Systems Commands to ensure configuration control and supply support for every aircraft and ship that deployed. Their innovative approach completely changed and streamlined the training process increasing readiness while reducing costs.
From 2000 to 2002, they served as commander, Naval Strike & Air Warfare Center, Naval Air Station Fallon, NV, where they led a team in developing significant skills to fly high performance aircraft in the most difficult environment. They consolidated eleven advanced training organizations, brought online a unique reach back command and control system for deployed war fighters at a fraction of original cost estimates, and trained every deploying Battle Group /Airwing team that served in Afghanistan and Iraq. These initiatives reduced cost and significantly improved readiness.
Naughton's last assignment in the Navy was as Superintendent of the United States Naval Academy, an organization of over 4,000 midshipmen and 3,000 support staff with an annual budget responsibility of $220 million. They were relieved of duty after assaulting an enlisted Marine gate guard returning to the academy following a New Year's Eve party in their first year. Though a vice admiral at the time, they were reprimanded and retired at the lower rank of rear admiral (upper half).
They died February 25, 2011, in San Diego.
Decorations
Defense Superior Service Medal
Legion of Merit with Gold Star
Bronze Star
Defense Meritorious Service Medal
Meritorious Service Medal with Gold Star
Joint Service Commendation Medal
Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal with two Gold Stars
Education
B.S. United States Naval Academy, 1968
M.S. Aeronautical Engineering, Naval Postgraduate School, 1973
Aeronautical Engineer Degree, Naval Postgraduate School, 1974
Industrial College of the Armed Forces, 1993
Resignation
On May 16, 2003, Naugton was relieved as superintendent of the Naval Academy. The decision came after an investigation by the Navy's Inspector General (IG) into an allegation that they improperly interfered with a Marine sentry at the Naval Academy by grabbing the sentry's wrist.
After the Navy
Naughton became a director of Xenonics Holdings, Inc in May 2004, and later became chief executive officer in April 2005, and then a consultant. They were also president of International Data Security (IDS).
See also
List of Superintendents of the United States Naval Academy
References
PC World, January 11, 2008
Reuters Biography
External links
1946 births
2011 deaths
People from Los Angeles
United States Navy admirals
United States Naval Academy alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
Superintendents of the United States Naval Academy
Naval Postgraduate School alumni
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Military personnel from California
The Mads C. Larson House is a historic house at 318 S. 1st Avenue in Maywood, Illinois. The house was built in 1909 by Mads C. Larson on land previously owned by the Maywood Company, the development company which planned the village. The Arts and Crafts-designed bungalow also includes many elements of the Prairie School style. Its design has an emphasis on geometry and nature, featuring rectangular piers and pilasters with decorative banding, board-and-batten siding, a row of leaded casement windows, and a glazed sun porch. The interior continues the themes of the design with posts matching the exterior piers, wooden moldings, mullions with the same pattern as the leaded windows, and built-in cabinets.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 22, 1992.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Cook County, Illinois
Arts and Crafts architecture in Illinois
Bungalow architecture in Illinois
Prairie School architecture in Illinois
Houses completed in 1909
Maywood, Illinois
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1662.
Events
February 15 – The first performance of Sir William Davenant's The Law Against Lovers – the first Restoration adaptation of Shakespeare, consisting of an amalgam of Measure for Measure and Much Ado About Nothing – is given by the Duke's Company at its new theater in Lincoln's Inn Fields, London.
September 29 – Samuel Pepys in their diary calls the King's Company production of A Midsummer Night's Dream in London "the most insipid, ridiculous play that ever I saw in my life."
October 18 – John Ogilby, Master of the Revels in Ireland, opens the first Theatre Royal, Dublin, in Smock Alley.
December 26 – The première of Molière's comedy The School for Wives (L'École des femmes) is held at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal (rue Saint-Honoré) in Paris.
unknown dates
Two autos sacramentales by Pedro Calderón de la Barca – Las órdenes militares and Mística y real Babilonia – are the subject of an inquiry by the Spanish Inquisition. The former is censured and its manuscript copies confiscated, and remains condemned until 1671.
The Parliament of England passes the first Printing Act of the Restoration era, the Licensing of the Press Act, which restricts London printing to a total of 24 printing houses, each with no more than three presses and three apprentices. Books printed abroad are banned. Roger L'Estrange is granted a warrant to seize seditious books or pamphlets.
New books
Prose
Church of England – 1662 Books of Common Prayer
Sarah Blackborow – The Oppressed Prisoners' Complaint
Margaret Cavendish – Orations of Diverse Persons
Cyrano de Bergerac (posthumous) – États et Empires du Soleil (The States and Empires of the Sun)
Franciscus van den Enden – Kort Verhael van Nieuw-Nederland (Brief Account of New Netherland)
John Evelyn – Sculptura: or The history, and art of chalcography and engraving in copper...
Thomas Fuller – The History of the Worthies of England
John Heydon
The Harmony of the World
The English Physician's Guide
Adam Olearius – The Voyages & Travels of the Ambassadors (translated by John Davies, of Kidwelly)
Drama
Margaret Cavendish – Plays Written by the Thrice Noble, Illustrious and Excellent Princess, the Lady Marchioness of Newcastle (closet dramas)
Aston Cockayne – The Tragedy of Ovid published
Pierre Corneille – Sertorius
Sir William Davenant – The Law Against Lovers
William Heminges – The Jews' Tragedy published
Robert Howard – The Committee
Francis Kirkman (probable compiler) – The Wits, or Sport for Sport (collection of drolleries)
Thomas Middleton and John Webster – Anything for a Quiet Life published
Molière – The School for Wives
John Wilson – The Cheats
Poetry
Joost van den Vondel – Joannes de Boetgezant
Michael Wigglesworth – The Day of Doom, or A Poetical Description of the Great and Last Judgement
Births
January 27 – Richard Bentley, English classicist (died 1742)
October 18 – Matthew Henry, English Bible commentator (died 1714)
Baptized December 17 – Samuel Wesley, English poet and author (died 1735)
unknown date – John Hudson, English classicist and librarian (died 1719)
Deaths
March 10 – Samuel Hartlib, German-born English polymath (born 1600)
March 30 – François le Métel de Boisrobert, French poet (born 1592)
May – Daniel de Priézac, French political writer (born 1590)
August 17 – Richard Hubberthorne, English Quaker preacher and writer (born 1628)
August 19 – Blaise Pascal, French philosopher (born 1623)
unknown date – Henry Jeanes, English controversialist and pamphleteer (born 1611)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Stick mantis and twig mantis are common names applied to numerous species of mantis that mimic sticks or twigs as camouflage. Often the name serves to identify entire genera such as is the case with:
Brunneria (including Brunner's stick mantis, the Brazilian stick mantis and the small-winged stick mantis)
Hoplocorypha (the African stick mantises)
Paratoxodera (including the Borneo stick mantis and the giant Malaysian stick mantis)
Popa (African twig mantis)
In cases, some but not all members of a genus are called by a variation of one of these names. For example:
Archimantis latistyla (Australian stick mantis)
Pseudovates peruviana (Peruvian stick mantis)
Similar insects
Stick mantises should not be confused with stick insects (Phasmatodea) although the latter were long-considered close relatives of all mantises according to classification which is now often considered paraphyletic and outdated. Likewise, both mantises and stick insects are separate from the recently identified Mantophasmatodea.
See also
Grass mantis
Dead leaf mantis
Flower mantis
List of mantis genera and species
References
Mantodea
Insect common names
Kenneth Bullington (January 11, 1913 – May 30, 1984) was an American electrical engineer known for their studies of radio propagation.
Bullington work at Bell Labs, Holmdel, New Jersey. Between 1950–1951, they performed pioneering research on tropospheric scatter, collecting data over paths ranging 200 to 300 miles in length, and pointed out the potential applications for communications in papers published in the Proceedings of the I.R.E. in 1950 and 1953. In 1953 they also published the first article foreshadowing cellular radio systems in "Frequency Economy in Mobile Radio Bands".
Bullington received the 1956 IEEE Morris N. Liebmann Memorial Award "for their contributions to the knowledge of tropospheric transmission beyond the horizon, and to the application of the principles of such transmission to practical communications systems", and the Franklin Institute's 1956 Stuart Ballantine Medal for their studies of space communications.
Selected works
"Frequency Economy in Mobile Radio Bands", Bell System Technical Journal, volume 32: 42 et. seq. January 1953.
K. Bullington, W. J. Inkster, and A. L. Durkee, "Some tropospheric scatter propagation measurements near the radio-horizon", Proceedings of the IRE, October 1955, pages 1336–1340.
"Radio Propagation Fundamentals", The Bell System Technical Journal, vol. XXXVI, no. 3, pages 593-626, May 1957.
"Radio Propagation for Vehicular Communications", IEEE Transactions on Vehicular Technology, vol. VT-26, no. 4, November 1977.
References
T. Carroll, "In memoriam: Kenneth Bullington", IEEE Antennas and Propagation Society Newsletter, Volume 26, Issue 4, page 30. August 1984.
Exploring Unknown, Selected Documents in the History of the U.S. Civil Space Program, Volume III: Using Space, page 25
1911 births
1984 deaths
American electrical engineers
Scientists at Bell Labs
20th-century American engineers
Madrid, the capital of Spain, is divided into 21 districts, which are further subdivided into 131 administrative wards. Additional neighborhoods exist outside the boundaries of administrative borders. Each district is governed by a body named Junta Municipal de Distrito. Residents of Madrid are typically called Madrileños.
Districts and wards
Data as of 1st January 2017. Source: Área de Gobierno de Economía, Hacienda. Subdirección General de Estadística. Padrón Municipal de Habitantes.
Popular neighbourhoods
Contemporary Madrid came into its own after the death of general Francisco Franco. Reaction against the dictatorial bureaucracy centered in Madrid, and a history of centralism that predated Franco by centuries has resulted in the successful modern movement towards increased autonomy for the regions of Spain, considered autonomous regions under the umbrella of Spain. The modern metropolis is home to over three million people.
Alonso Martínez
This area contains the large Plaza de Colón. This plaza commemorates Christopher Columbus, who was responsible for ushering in the Spanish imperial golden age of the 16th and 17th centuries. It is within walking distance of the main cultural and commercial areas of the city, such as the Prado museum, the expansive Parque del Buen Retiro and the business center on the lower part of the Paseo de la Castellana.
Atocha
Atocha covers a large area and is bordered by the Huertas and Lavapiés neighbourhoods. It contains several notable cultural institutions, including the Reina Sofía Museum. Also located here is the central bus terminal and the Atocha Railway Station, one of two main train stations in Madrid, the other being located in Chamartín. This was the main site of the train bombings carried out on March 11, 2004. Atocha was also the site of the 1977 Massacre of Atocha.
AZCA / Nuevos Ministerios
Located in the Cuatro Caminos ward, AZCA is the financial center of Madrid. The area is populated by skyscrapers, among them Torre Picasso at , Edificio BBVA at and Torre Europa at . The skyscraper Torre Windsor once stood here as well, until it burned completely on the night of 12 February 2005. A large El Corte Inglés department store consisting of three interconnected buildings is also located here. The area is directly linked to Barajas Airport by metro line 8 at the Nuevos Ministerios station. It's the Parkour centre of Madrid.
Cuatro Torres Business Area
The Cuatro Torres Business Area is composed of the four tallest skyscrapers in Madrid. The tallest is Torre Bankia, once known as the Torre Repsol, at . It was designed by Sir Norman Foster, and is the third tallest skyscraper in Europe. Torre de Cristal, or 'Crystal Tower', is only lower than Torre Bankia, at , and was designed by Cesar Pelli. Torre PwC is the third tallest in Madrid, at , and was designed by Enrique Alvarez & Carlos Rubio. The fourth skyscraper is Torre Espacio, or 'Space Tower'. It is tall and it was designed by I.M. Pei. The four skyscrapers were finished in 2008.
Chueca
Chueca is well known as a centre of gay culture in Madrid.
Las Cortes
This small area is notable for housing the Congress of Deputies, known as the Congreso de los diputados, the lower house of the Spanish parliament. Other notable sites include the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, the Banco de España, the Café del Círculo de Bellas Artes, the Zarzuela Theater and the Plaza de Cibeles.
Huertas
This neighbourhood, also known as Barrio de las Letras, is west of the Paseo del Prado and north of Calle Atocha. Once the home and popular hangout of writers such as Miguel de Cervantes and Calderon de la Barca, Huertas is now considered Madrid's literary neighbourhood. One prominent landmark is the house where Cervantes died in 1616. It is a popular nightlife spot and tourist destination.
Gran Vía
As the name implies, the Gran Vía area contains one of Madrid's most important avenues, the Gran Vía (literally, "Great Way"). First and foremost it is a shopping street; however, it also contains a number of tourist accommodations, plenty of nightlife (including Madrid's large goth scene), many of Madrid's largest movie theaters and live musical shows. It is also a hub for Madrid's red-light district, as it links many side streets. One of these streets, calle Fuencarral, has become a link between the old shopping area of the center of the city, the Bohemian Malasaña, and the hip Chueca district, making of it one of the most cosmopolitan areas of the city.
Lavapiés
A historically poorer neighbourhood within the city center, Lavapiés has maintained much of true 'Madrileño' spirit of the past. Lavapiés has a high concentration of immigrants (mainly Bangladeshis), and also tends to attract Western European expats, artists and writers, adding to the cosmopolitan mix. It is changing rapidly under the pressures of gentrification.
La Latina
In and around La Latina are the origins of Madrid. It's difficult to put precise boundaries on La Latina, because, like its immediate neighbours, streets are narrow and winding. There are quite a few nightlife spots, though the neighbourhood is best known as having a concentration of tapas bars (particularly on the Cava Baja and Cava Alta). There are also a number of attractive churches, including the Church of San Andrés and the San Francisco el Grande Basilica. On Sundays and major holidays, the famous Rastro flea-market begins on the eastern edge, spilling out of the San Millan exit of the La Latina metro stop to the Plaza de Cascorro and all the way to the Ronda de Toledo to the south. Plaza de la Paja is another interesting location here. On its other side, La Latina borders Plaza Mayor and another ancient part of the town, El Madrid de los Austrias, where you can find the beautiful Palacio Real (Royal Palace).
Malasaña
Malasaña is famous for its nightlife, and for having been the main hub of the movida countercultural movement in the 1970s and 1980s. Considered very popular and one of the best´s Madrid´s neighbourhoods with available pubs and bars during night.
Ópera
As the name implies, this area around the Ópera metro stop is the location of Madrid's main Opera Theatre, the Teatro Real (Royal Theatre). In front of the theatre is the Palacio Real de Madrid, or Royal Palace. The Royal Palace is no longer used as a residence, but it has been kept intact, serving as a cultural monument that is occasionally used for state functions. It's one of the largest palaces in Europe, surpassing even the Versailles Palace.
Retiro
Barrio Retiro is a classic neighbourhood surrounding the famous Buen Retiro Park, to the east of the center of the city. It is demographically the oldest neighbourhood in the city, but over the past five years the increasing number of flats for rent has been attracting young people and students to the area in growing numbers. The neighbourhood can be characterized by the style of its three most important areas. In the north, centering on Calle Ibiza, streets are in a grid pattern and buildings, normally 6-10 storeys, are packed closely together, creating a bustling atmosphere of small shops, bars, and restaurants. This area is very similar to the neighbouring Salamanca district. In the south, called Niño Jesus, the area is quieter, more spacious, and residential. In the west, the Jerónimos area, with its beautiful 18th and 19th century buildings and many museums (including the Museo del Prado), has few private residences, its large flats that often surpass 200 m² (2,150 sq ft) being mainly used for offices.
Hortaleza
A residential district in the north, Hortaleza includes the headquarters of the Spanish Olympic Committee, the IFEMA (Madrid's main trade fair centre) and Juan Carlos I Park, a park between Campo de las Naciones (commercial district) and Barajas. Mar de Cristal is a tube station in Hortaleza district with an airport connection.
Vallecas
Vallecas is a working-class residential neighbourhood in the south of Madrid. It is also home to the Rayo Vallecano football team.
Aravaca
Aravaca is an upper-class residential suburb in the northwest of Madrid. During the Spanish Civil War the front was stabilized here for almost three years. Aravaca and its surroundings include parkland and wooded areas such as Casa de Campo.
Notes
References
External links
Caroline Rose Hunt (January 8, 1923 – November 13, 2018) was an American heiress and hotelier who was at one time the wealthiest woman in the United States.  They are known for having been the founder of Rosewood Hotels & Resorts, which they opened in 1979.
Early life
Caroline Rose Hunt was born on January 8, 1923, the daughter of oilman H. L. Hunt (1889–1974) and Lyda Bunker (1889–1955). They had six siblings: Margaret Hunt Hill (1915–2007), H. L. Hunt III (1917–2005), Lyda Bunker Hunt (born and died in 1925), Nelson Bunker Hunt (1926–2014), William Herbert Hunt (born 1929), and Lamar Hunt (1932–2006). While they were growing up, the family lived in the east Texas town of Tyler. Hunt said that as a child, they were unaware of the family's wealth until they found a Life magazine picture of their father, "with a caption that asked, 'Is this the richest man in the world?' "
They were educated at the Hockaday School, an all-girl boarding school in Dallas. They then attended Mary Baldwin College, a private women's college in Staunton, Virginia, for two years, until they transferred to the University of Texas at Austin, where they received a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and art history.
Career
Prior to their first marriage, Hunt worked in their father's Dallas office. They later worked as a sales clerk at the Neiman Marcus department store in Dallas. During their first marriage and through much of their second, they focused on their family and charitable work, not holding any job outside the home until they entered the hotel business at age 55.
In 1980, they opened The Mansion Restaurant on Turtle Creek. That same year, Hunt founded Rosewood Hotels & Resorts, where they served as Honorary Chairman at the time of their death. The company owned the Hotel Bel-Air in Bel Air, Los Angeles in the 1980s, but sold it in 1989. It currently owns the Carlyle Hotel on the Upper East Side of Manhattan in New York City, among a portfolio of other luxury hotels. It is a subsidiary of a larger company owned by Hong Kong billionaire Henry Cheng as the result of Hunt's 2011 sale of Rosewood and five of its hotel properties. They were inducted into the North Texas Commercial Association of Realtors Hall of Fame in May 2013.
Hunt had a line of bath and skin products called Lady Primrose, an outgrowth of the English country antiques shop they opened in 1987 with a friend.
In 2000, they wrote a novel, Primrose Past: The 1848 Journal of Young Lady Primrose. They also wrote two cookbooks.
Philanthropy
In 1991, together with their sister Margaret, Hunt paid for the restoration of Hilltop, an 1810 building on the campus of Mary Baldwin College which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. In 2013, they received the J. Erik Jonsson Award from the United Way of Metropolitan Dallas in thanks for a history of donations to United Way organizations. Hunt was also a donor to the National Museum of Women in the Arts, the Tiffany Circle of the American Red Cross, the conservative Heritage Foundation, and the James Madison Council of the Library of Congress. They served on the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts in Washington, D.C. for ten years. They also served as Honorary Chair of the Retina Foundation of the Southwest, a non-profit organization for research into macular degeneration — a condition from which Hunt themselves suffered — and restoration of vision loss. Hunt donated to many other Dallas cultural and educational organizations.
Personal life
Hunt was married twice. Them first husband was Loyd Bowmer Sands, a pilot in the United States Navy. They had five children.
After they divorced in 1973, they married a second time, to Buddy Schoellkopf. They later divorced.
Hunt died on November 13, 2018 at the T. Boone Pickens Hospice and Palliative Care Center in Dallas, at the age of 95 from a stroke.
References
1923 births
2018 deaths
Hunt family
Writers from Dallas
People from El Dorado, Arkansas
Businesspeople from Texas
Mary Baldwin University alumni
University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts alumni
American hoteliers
Philanthropists from Texas
American Presbyterians
Writers from Arkansas
Hockaday School alumni
Lagos Kunga (born October 20, 1998) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Kalonji Pro-Profile in the United Premier Soccer League.
Early life
Kunga was born in Angola before their family moved to Russia, where they lived until they were seven years old. They later moved to Clarkston, Georgia in the United States.
Professional career
At the youth level, Kunga developed at DDYSC in Atlanta and played varsity soccer at The Paideia School. Kunga had initially stated a commitment to play college soccer at Furman University.
Atlanta United
It was announced on June 17, 2017, that Kunga would sign with Major League Soccer side Atlanta United as a Homegrown Player at the beginning of the 2018 season.
On June 28, 2017, Kunga signed with United Soccer League side Charleston Battery, the USL affiliate of Atlanta United, until the end of their 2017 season. They were immediately sent on a short-term loan deal to Atlanta and made an appearance on the same day as a 65th-minute substitute in 3–2 loss to Miami FC in the U.S. Open Cup.
On March 24, 2018, Kunga made their first official appearance for Atlanta United on their second team, Atlanta United 2. Kunga started the game, and was subbed off after 86 minutes.
On the last day of the USL regular season, October 13, 2018, Kunga scored a brace against the Richmond Kickers in a 3–2 victory to finish off the season with 5 goals in 31 appearances.
Following the 2020 season, Kunga was released by Atlanta on November 24, 2020.
Memphis 901 (loan)
Kunga was loaned to Memphis 901 in the USL Championship. Kunga made 20 appearances scoring one goal.
Phoenix Rising (loan)
On January 21, 2020, Kunga was loaned to USL Championship club Phoenix Rising FC.
Kalonji Pro-Profile
After being released from Phoenix Rising FC following the 2020 USL Championship season, Kunga returned to Georgia to play with United Premier Soccer League club Kalonji Pro-Profile.
Kristiansund BK
On August 29, 2021, Kunga signed with Eliteserien club Kristiansund BK.
Kalonji Pro-Profile
Kunga returned to Kalonji Pro-Profile in 2022. They scored in Kalonji's United Premier Soccer League National Third Place match against the Los Angeles FC Academy.
Statistics
References
External links
1998 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Luanda
Sportspeople from DeKalb County, Georgia
American soccer players
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's youth international soccer players
Angolan footballers
American people of Angolan descent
African-American soccer players
Sportspeople of Angolan descent
Angolan expatriates in Russia
Angolan emigrants to the United States
Association football forwards
Atlanta United FC players
Atlanta United 2 players
Charleston Battery players
Homegrown Players (MLS)
Memphis 901 FC players
Phoenix Rising FC players
Kristiansund BK players
People from Clarkston, Georgia
Soccer players from Georgia (U.S. state)
USL Championship players
United Premier Soccer League players
American expatriate sportspeople in Norway
Expatriate footballers in Norway
American expatriate soccer players
Ukraine Prosthetic Assistance Project is a project that aims at improving prosthetics and rehabilitation services in Ukraine through global exchange among the field specialists.
At least once a year, for three consecutive years to 2018, a team of prosthetic and rehabilitation specialists from a number of countries (USA, Canada, Great Britain, Australia) travel to Ukraine as volunteers to share their expertise with Ukrainian counterparts. They have worked collaboratively with Ukrainian specialists on fitting complex cases of limb amputations with appropriate prostheses and demonstrated the multidisciplinary approach to patient care, which is only starting to develop in Ukraine. Since the start of the full-scale war in Ukraine, the specialists have been meeting online. The on the ground missions are set to resume as soon as possible and safe.
History
Ukraine Prosthetic Assistance Project was founded by a high school teacher, Antonina Kumka, who immigrated to Canada from Ukraine, and an American CPO, Jon Batzdorff.
In 2014, due to the Russian military intervention in Ukraine, many military and civilians were severely wounded by shelling and landmines. Many lost one or more limbs. The Ukrainian prosthetists and healthcare professionals were not prepared for such high numbers of amputees with war-related injuries, which they have never had to deal with before. The government of Ukraine was gradually increasing funding for prosthetics, however no funds were allocated for professional development of the local specialists. Most of the amputees, especially with upper limb losses in 2014 ended up being sent abroad without proper medical follow up arranged for them upon their return to Ukraine.
Kumka decided to investigate a solution to the problem. They talked to some wounded Ukrainian soldiers and realized that many of them were not able to receive adequate prosthetic care and service in Ukraine due to lack of knowledge and exposure to a variety of prosthetic components and rehabilitation techniques of the Ukrainian specialists. Paying tens of thousands of dollars to send one amputee abroad for fitting was not a sustainable option.
After weeks of searching, Kumka contacted Jon Batzdorff, an American CPO and President of the American branch of International Society of Prosthetics and Orthotics. Batzdorff runs a non-profit, Prosthetika, which aims to deliver prosthetics related humanitarian help and education to countries where it is most needed. Batzdorff agreed to help.
In less than four months, a team of six specialists-volunteers (certified prosthetists, physiotherapists and occupational therapists) from Canada and USA was put together, 9 Ukrainian specialists-participants from across Ukraine were invited to be part of the training and seven Ukrainian amputees with complex cases (military and civilians, male and female) were selected to be fitted with functional upper and lower limb prostheses. The first mission took place at the end of April - beginning of May 2015, in Kyiv, Ukraine, under the umbrella of Canada-Ukraine Foundation and Ukrainian Canadian Congress Toronto Branch.
Following the first mission, Kumka established a Canadian non-profit organization, Canada-Ukraine International Assistance Fund, which runs the Ukraine Prosthetic Assistance Project and works towards securing funding for the Project development since June 2015.
The second mission of the Project took place at the end of April 2016 in Lviv, Ukraine. The team of foreign specialists-volunteers consisted of representatives from Canada, USA and Great Britain, 15 Ukrainian specialists were trained and 10 amputees received functional prostheses and trained to use them effectively.
Between the missions a Canadian prosthetist, Chad Nilson, traveled to Ukraine a number of times as a volunteer to support the local specialists in providing follow-up care to those fitted during the project.
The third mission took place between July 23 – August 5, 2017 in Dnipro, Ukraine and focused on sports prosthetics and rehabilitation. Members of the Invictus Games: Team Ukraine were provided with high-performance prostheses. This mission was largely funded by the Embassy of Australia in Ukraine through their Direct Aid program.
In 2018, in partnership with the Victors project by Solomiya Vitvitska (a Ukrainian news anchor), Kumka organized a week-long training for Ukrainian prosthetic specialists in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. The team of 5 specialists participated in the hands-on training and were exposed to organization of prosthetics and rehabilitation in Canada in general.
Most of the funding for the Project comes from donations, fundraising events, grants from partner organizations and donations/discounts by the prosthetics manufacturing companies.
The team of foreign specialists normally consists of 6 -10 professionals, who travel to Ukraine as volunteers.
Outcomes
During the first mission of the Project, myo-electric upper limb prostheses were introduced and fitted in Ukraine for the first time ever, Ukrainian specialists were introduced to patient-oriented, multidisciplinary approach to amputee care for the first time. and six Ukrainian amputees received myo-electric and body-powered upper limb prostheses and hydraulic lower limb prostheses; 10 specialists were trained in a hands-on setting on how to fit myo-electric upper limb prostheses and were shown how to teach amputees to use them effectively; 20 amputees received consultations; 50 Ukrainian specialists from across Ukraine attended one day seminar on fitting myo-electric and body-powered upper limb prostheses.
During the second mission of the Project, more training on fitting myo-electric upper limb prostheses was provided and three Ukrainian specialists from the eastern, central and western parts of Ukraine were officially certified to fit such prostheses. This certification was recognized by the government of Ukraine and the procedure was established by the government on how to reimburse the Ukrainian specialists for such prosthesis in Ukraine. The number of amputees who were being sent abroad to get such prostheses has decreased to 2 or 3 per year (as some of the cases are still too complex). 12 amputees received functional upper/lower limb prostheses and were taught how to effectively use them; 15 specialists were part of the hands-on training; more than 100 Ukrainian specialists attended one-day seminars on prosthetics and rehabilitation. During one of the visits of the Canadian prosthetists in between the mission, Ukraine Prosthetic Assistance Project arranged formal certification and training of 4 more Ukrainian prosthetists (making it 7 altogether) in fitting myo-electric hand and now also partial hand (digits) prostheses for the first time in Ukraine.
Elena Tsimbaliuk, Ukraine Prosthetic Assistance Project coordinator in Ukraine, has become an adviser to the committee (at the Ministry of Social Policy of Ukraine), responsible for establishing care pathways and opportunities for Ukrainian military amputees. This allowed the Project team to provide guidance to the Ukrainian ministry on how to better structure amputee services all across Ukraine and ensure transparency of the processes. The Project has claimed to bring systemic changes to the Ukrainian prosthetic industry.
As a result of the first two missions, the connections between Ukrainian specialists from different local facilities have been established and more local collaboration has started and is developing. Ukrainian specialists are now applying multidisciplinary approach to patient care. The Project has received a grant from the Embassy of Australia in Ukraine; a fundraiser was held by CUIA Fund; Prosthetika and World Rehabilitation Fund have financially supported the Project. The third mission took place on July 23 – August 5, 2017 and focused on sports and leisure prosthetics and related rehabilitation. Some of the amputees who received prostheses were members of Invictus Games: Team Ukraine and Ukrainian Paralympic Team. This was the first time in Ukraine that 20 Ukrainian prosthetists and rehabilitation specialists were trained in fitting and teaching amputees to effectively use sports and leisure prosthetic devices. Daily seminars were held to provide additional support to a greater number of specialists, interested in learning new approaches and tricks.
Project development
Ukraine Prosthetic Assistance Project aims to address the immediate need in Ukraine, as well as brings long term results, providing the opportunity to both Ukrainian specialists and amputees to get better access to a variety of prosthetic components, devices, techniques and really understand the process of fitting and follow up.
Projected future steps include helping Ukrainian specialists develop stronger connections and establish peer to peer training opportunities through local conferences and webinars, continuing to support both the specialists and amputees with advice, organize more missions as needed and help establish a formal college or university education program for prosthetists.
References
Amputee organizations
International professional associations
Medical and health organizations based in Ukraine
Rehabilitation medicine
Disability organizations based in Ukraine
The Legend of the Condor Heroes is a 2017 Chinese television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title and a remake of the 1983 Hong Kong television series based on the same novel. The series was directed by Jeffrey Chiang and starred Yang Xuwen, Li Yitong, Chen Xingxu and Meng Ziyi in the lead roles. It started airing on Dragon TV in mainland China on 9 January 2017, and on TVB Jade in Hong Kong on 8 May 2017.
Cast
Main
Yang Xuwen as Guo Jing
Dong-Li Wuyou as Guo Jing (child)
Li Yitong as Huang Rong
Chen Xingxu as Yang Kang
Meng Ziyi as Mu Nianci
Supporting
Zhao Lixin as Hong Qigong
Michael Miu as Huang Yaoshi
Ray Lui as Reverend Yideng
Heizi as Ouyang Feng
Ning Wentong as Zhou Botong
Han Dong as Wang Chongyang
Li Zonghan as Yang Tiexin
Liu Qianhan as Bao Xiruo
Shao Bing as Guo Xiaotian
Zeng Li as Li Ping
Zong Fengyan as Wanyan Honglie
Mi Lu as Mei Chaofeng
Liu Zhiyang as Ouyang Ke
Tay Ping Hui as Genghis Khan
Hou Ruixiang as Tolui
Zhang Zihao as Tolui (child)
Dai Wenwen as Huazheng
Fu Tianjiao as Jebe
Nuomin Darong as Jochi
Ailiku as Chagatai
Baodi as Ögedei
Sulide as Borokhula
Anqi'er as Muqali
Hongtong Batu as Jamukha
Wurijitu as Wang Khan
Baisha as Sangkun
Gangde'er as Dushi
Gao Yuyang as Dushi (child)
Shao Feng as Qiu Chuji
Wang Li as Ma Yu
Guo Jun as Wang Chuyi
Zhao Qiusheng as Tan Chuduan
Liu Wei as Hao Datong
Song Tao as Liu Chuxuan
Zhao Cong as Sun Bu'er
Wang Kuirong as Ke Zhen'e
Ji Chenmu as Zhu Cong
Wang Chunyuan as Han Baoju
Ma Jingjing as Nan Xiren
Xin Peng as Zhang Asheng
Long De as Quan Jinfa
Xiao Yin as Han Xiaoying
Zhang Kaiyi as Yinggu
Jiang Yiming as Qiu Qianren / Qiu Qianzhang
Xia Zitong as Shagu
Li Yixiao as Feng Heng
Gong Zhengnan as Lu Guanying
Sui Yumeng as Cheng Yaojia
Song Qing as Lu Youjiao
Chang Cheng as Lu Chengfeng
Zhang Jialai as Chen Xuanfeng
Wang Lin as Yin Zhiping
Ren Xihong as Lingzhi Shangren
Gao Yuqing as Liang Ziweng
Lin Yizheng as Sha Tongtian
Gu Dechao as Hou Tonghai
Sun Hao as Peng Lianhu
Yu Ailei as Duan Tiande
Hou Tongjiang as Reverend Kumu
Cao Yang as Wanyan Hongxi
Hu Bo as Chu Dongshan
Zhang Lu as Zhang Shaoshou
Yin Shuo as Wu Santong
Liang Jinshan as Zhu Ziliu
Lu Senbao as Elder Peng
Fan Zhonghua as Elder Jian
Liu Yu as Elder Liang
Jia Jin as Ma Qingxiong
Liu Taotao as Qian Qingjian
Zhao Shuai as Wu Qinglie
Fan Jianyun as Shen Qinggang
Xu Qihang as Yu Zhaoxing
They Guoxuan as Li Sheng
Cheng Liuyi as Muhammad II of Khwarezm
Yang Yongwen as Lü Wende
Production
The series was filmed primarily at the Xiangshan Film and Television City in Xiangshan County, Zhejiang Province. Shooting wrapped up in late August 2016. Other filming locations include Hengdian World Studios, Xiandu Scenic Area in Jinyun County and Xianju County in Zhejiang Province, Huanghe Shilin Scenic Area in Jingtai County and Tianzhu Grasslands in Gansu Province, and Tonghu Grasslands in Inner Mongolia. Although this series is one of many television series adaptations of The Legend of the Condor Heroes, it is the first one to be produced since Louis Cha last revised the novel.
In a January 2017 interview, producer Guo Jingyu explained why they produced a television series based on a wuxia novel which already has more than 10 earlier adaptations. They said that they are dissatisfied with many of the wuxia television series produced in recent years, and wanted to remake the 1983 Hong Kong television series The Legend of the Condor Heroes, which they enjoyed watching, for younger generations of viewers. They also explained the challenges they faced in operating with a very tight budget and time constraints, such as having to reduce the use of special effects and having to cast less well-known actors and actores in the lead roles.
Episodes
The series originally aired in 2 episodes daily on Dragon Television, Monday through Sunday from 19:30 to 21:00.
Ratings
International broadcast
Awards and nominations
Soundtrack
Tie Xue Dan Xin (铁血丹心, A Bulletproof Heart): The opening and ending theme song of the series, composed by Joseph Koo and originally the opening theme song of the 1983 Hong Kong television series The Legend of the Condor Heroes. Although the original version was sung in Cantonese by Roman Tam and Jenny Tseng, the version used in The Legend of the Condor Heroes (2017) is an instrumental version with no lyrics.
Ai Guo Shei (爱过谁, Loved Who): An insert song composed by Silence Wong and sung by Shang Wenjie.
Jianghu Tianxia (江湖天下, The Pugilistic World): An insert song composed by Tan Xiaocong and sung by Silence Wong.
Jian Hun (剑魂, Soul of the Sword): An insert song composed by Silence Wong and sung by Well Lee.
Sei Diu Ying Hung (射鵰英雄, Legend of the Condor Heroes): The opening theme song of the TVB release, sung by Hubert Wu (not confirm).
Ngo Bat KWai Hei (我不歸去, I Won't Return): The ending theme song of the TVB release, sung by Kayee Tam.
References
External links
2017 Chinese television series debuts
Television shows based on The Legend of the Condor Heroes
Chinese wuxia television series
Mandarin-language television shows
Television series set in the Southern Song
Television series set in the Jin dynasty (1115–1234)
Television series set in the Mongol Empire
Dragon Television original programming
Television series by Croton Media
Television series by Perfect World Pictures
Depictions of Genghis Khan on television
Imagined Life is a podcast produced by Wondery and hosted by Virginia Madsen and Robbie Daymond. The podcast presents biographies of famous people in an unusual format. The first episode premiered on November 4, 2018 and 48 episodes have been produced by the end of the third season. Imagined Life won the 2018 podcast award by online publication Quartz in the categories "Best podcast on the human condition" and "Best new podcast". The podcast will be developed into a TV documentary series by Universal Content Productions.
Format
Each episode tells the life-story of one famous person. The subjects often include entertainers, political leaders, business people or sportsmen. An episode begins with a dramatic unresolved moment in the person's life, before going through the biography of the person in chronological order. The life events are presented in a dramatized way with reenactments of conversations.
The defining feature of "Imagined Life" is its second-person narration. Listeners are invited to imagine themselves being the famous person, although the person's identity is not revealed until the end. Identifying characteristics, such as gender, profession or country of origin, are intentionally omitted in the beginning and only gradually revealed among with other "clues" as the episode progresses. The creators describe this format as "second person biographical guessing game". Each episode ends with a reveal of the subject and recommended further reading.
The podcast also produces shorter episodes labeled as "Imagined Life Family" that cater to younger listeners, or for families to listen to together.
Episodes
References
External links
Audio podcasts
2018 podcast debuts
In geometry, a cyclogon is the curve traced by a vertex of a polygon that rolls without slipping along a straight line. There are no restrictions on the nature of the polygon. It can be a regular polygon like an equilateral triangle or a square. The polygon need not even be convex: it could even be a star-shaped polygon. More generally, the curves traced by points other than vertices have also been considered. In such cases it would be assumed that the tracing point is rigidly attached to the polygon. If the tracing point is located outside the polygon, then the curve is called a prolate cyclogon, and if it lies inside the polygon it is called a curtate cyclogon.
In the limit, as the number of sides increases to infinity, the cyclogon becomes a cycloid.
The cyclogon has an interesting property regarding its area. Let denote the area of the region above the line and below one of the arches, let denote the area of the rolling polygon, and let denote the area of the disk that circumscribes the
polygon. For every cyclogon generated by a regular polygon,
Examples
Cyclogons generated by an equilateral triangle and a square
Prolate cyclogon generated by an equilateral triangle
Curtate cyclogon generated by an equilateral triangle
Cyclogons generated by quadrilaterals
Generalized cyclogons
A cyclogon is obtained when a polygon rolls over a straight line. Let it be assumed that the regular polygon rolls over the edge of another polygon. Let it also be assumed that the tracing point is not a point on the boundary of the polygon but possibly a point within the polygon or outside the polygon but lying in the plane of the polygon. In this more general situation, let a curve be traced by a point z on a regular polygonal disk with n sides rolling around another regular polygonal disk with m sides. The edges of the two regular polygons are assumed to have the same length. A point z attached rigidly to the n-gon traces out an arch consisting of n circular arcs before repeating the pattern periodically. This curve is called a trochogon — an epitrochogon if the n-gon rolls outside the m-gon, and a hypotrochogon if it rolls inside the m-gon. The trochogon is curtate if z is inside the n-gon, and prolate (with loops) if z is outside the n-gon. If z is at a vertex it traces an epicyclogon or a hypocyclogon.
See also
Cycloid
Epicycloid
Hypocycloid
References
Roulettes (curve)
Piecewise-circular curves
The 1999–2000 season was the first time SpVgg Unterhaching played in the 1. Bundesliga, the highest tier of the German football league system.
Season summary
SpVgg Unterhaching surprised everyone with a respectable 10th-place result in their inaugural Bundesliga season, and also famously played the spoiler's role in deciding who would win the championship that year. Their first Bundesliga win came in just their second match of the season, with a 2-0 victory over MSV Duisburg at home. While struggling in away matches, Unterhaching remained undefeated at home in nine games before losing 2-0 to their stronger neighbours, Bayern Munich. Prior to this loss, they had earned wins at home in matches against highly favoured teams like VfB Stuttgart and Borussia Dortmund, beating them 2-0 and 1-0 respectively. They earned their first away win in the Bundesliga by beating VfB Stuttgart 2-0 once again.
On the final matchday of the season, visiting Bayer Leverkusen needed only a draw in Unterhaching to secure their first national title, but instead went down to defeat to the determined home side. Things took a bad turn for Leverkusen when Michael Ballack scored an own goal that put home side ahead in the 20th minute. Their title hopes ended when Haching midfielder Markus Oberleitner made the score 2-0 in the 72nd minute. Meanwhile, Bayern Munich beat Werder Bremen 3-1 at home and were able to overtake Leverkusen on goal difference to snatch away the title.
With a 10th-place result, Unterhaching finished ahead of long-established sides Borussia Dortmund and Schalke 04. They ended the season with the league's fifth best home record with 10 wins and 5 draws in 17 matches, having lost only to Bayern Munich and 1. FC Kaiserslautern.
First team squad
References
External links
SpVgg Unterhaching seasons
Unterhaching
Sree Raam is an Indian actor who appears in Tamil language films. They made a breakthrough appearing as a child actor, winning a National Film Award for their performance in Pandiraj's Pasanga (2009). They have since appeared in the leading and supporting roles in films, and won acclaim for their portrayal in Goli Soda (2014).
They have worked in various films like Kattradhu Thamizh in 2007, Pasanga as Jeeva Nithyanandham in 2009, Theeradha Vilaiyattu Pillai as Young Kartik in 2010, Venghai as Young Selvam in 2011, Markandeyan in 2011, Vandhaan Vendraan as Young Ramana in 2011, Goli Soda as Saettu in 2014, Vajram as Madurai in 2015, Kamara Kattu as Ravi in 2015, Papanasam as Cheramadurai in 2015, Paisa in 2016 and Sagaa.
Career
Sree Raam made a breakthrough appearing as a child actor, winning the National Film Award for Best Child Artist for their performance in Pandiraj's Pasanga (2009). They then appeared in several films in smaller roles, portraying the younger version of the lead actor.
In 2014, they played one of the lead roles in Vijay Milton's Goli Soda and the success of the film, led them to be featured in films of a similar genre including Vajram (2015) and Kamara Kattu (2015). Their performance in Goli Soda also saw them recommended and subsequently signed up for a role in Papanasam (2015) starring Kamal Haasan.
Filmography
References
External links
Living people
Male actors in Tamil cinema
21st-century Indian male actors
Indian male child actors
Indian male film actors
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Best Child Artist National Film Award winners
Ned Manning is an Australian playwright, actor and teacher. Their film credits include the lead role in Dead End Drive-In (1986), and television credits include The Shiralee and Prisoner, and Brides of Christ. Their plays include Us or Them, Milo, Kenny's Coming Home and Close to the Bone. In 2007 Manning played the lead in their own play, Last One Standing, at the Old Fitzroy theatre in Sydney.
At one time the husband of Indigenous Australian artist Bronwyn Bancroft, Manning has since remarried, to theatre director Marion Potts. Their children include 2010 New South Wales Young Australian of the Year, Jack Manning Bancroft.
Early life
Ned Manning was born in 1950 and grew up on a property in Coonabarabran, New South Wales.
Playwright and author
Manning's first play, Us or Them, was initially produced at the Childers Street Hall in Canberra on 1 November 1977. It was then re-written and performed in 1984 at the Stables Theatre for the Griffin Theatre Company, where it marked a turning point in Griffin's history as the play's success led to the cast and creatives being paid full professional rates. The play then transferred to the Philip St Theatre and on to the Q Theatre in Penrith.
Milo premiered at the Sydney Theatre Company's Wharf 2 Theatre in October 1984 before productions at the Q Theatre, Theatre Up North in Townsville, Theatre South in Wollongong and regional performances. Milo has been recorded for Radio National, had numerous other productions, and also been published by Currency Press. However a 2001 production in Sydney was panned by the reviewer, who described it as "formulaic and obvious, complete with clunky and unconvincing pat ending", and thought the play should be "put out to pasture". The same year, The Australian's reviewer was more positive, considering the performance to be "passionate and funny. Seven years after it first appeared, it remains one of the best plays written about the bush-city divide".
Manning's next play, Kenny's Coming Home (1991), was performed at the Q Theatre, Penrith and was subsequently recorded for radio on ABC Radio National. The play is centred on a Rugby league footballer, Kenny, who gets caught up in a preselection battle between two of their family members. Kenny's Coming Home included songs by Shane McNamara.
Close to the Bone was written in collaboration with the Indigenous students at the Eora Centre, and first produced there in September 1991. Luck of the Draw was produced by the Darwin Theatre Company in May 1999 and was the first play written by a non-Indigenous writer to be produced by Kooemba Jdarra theatre company in Brisbane. Last One Standing was performed at Sydney theatre the Old Fitzroy in 2007. Manning played lead character Joe in the Old Fitzroy production; The Sydney Morning Herald's reviewer Bryce Hallett described their performance as "terrific", providing the play "with an emotional anchor", but considered the play itself to be predictable, lacking in depth and with "nothing revelatory on offer"; The Sun-Herald reviewer was of a similar view.
Manning has created many works for young audiences. They have prepared scripts for ten works for The Bell Shakespeare Company's Actors at Work program, a travelling community and schools theatrical education initiative. Other plays for young people have included Alice Dreaming, which is one of the Australian Script Centre's anthology of large cast plays. In 2012 they contributed to a Federation Press anthology of monologues for drama students, No Nudity, Weapons or Naked Flames. Their play Romeo and Juliet Intensive was nominated for a 2011 AWGIE Award.
In 2012, NewSouth Books published Manning's memoir of a life of school teaching, Playground Duty. Reviewed by the New South Wales Writers' Centre's Amanda Calwell, it was described as showing "the value that one person with drive, ambition and compassion can offer by applying themselves to teaching".
Television, film and directing
Manning's film credits include the lead role in the 1986 Ozploitation film Dead End Drive-In. Based on a Peter Carey short story called "Crabs", Dead End Drive-In is a post-apocalyptic tale about a young man stranded in a small town's drive-in theater when the wheels are stolen off their car. They find themselves amongst a community of misfits trapped at the site, and seeks to break out. The film, directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith, received mixed reviews: Tim Kroenert writing for Eureka Street described it as "Mad Max-lite" and said that the film "is an example of how literality of translation can result in the sacrifice of the story's essence. The film is fun on its own terms, but much of the nuance and irony that lend 'Crabs' its magic are simply lost". Philippa Hawker writing for The Age said the film was "an energetic, inventively designed, cheerfully satirical and entertaining film", and it is one of American film director Quentin Tarantino's favourites. The film received only a short box-office season; Manning was critical of the distributor Greater Union and worked with the film's other actors to secure separate release in independent cinemas. Manning's other film credits include an appearance in the teen film Looking for Alibrandi. They have also made a short film, Love Bites. Manning's television credits include Bodyline, The Shiralee and Brides of Christ.
In 1989 Manning directed the Belvoir St Theatre production of a play, Black Cockatoos, about the relationship between a white woman and an Aboriginal man. The script (not by Manning) was criticised by reviewer Angela Bennie, who nevertheless described Manning's direction as delicate and perceptive in places, if also naive and self-conscious.
Personal life and family
Manning married Bronwyn Bancroft, an Indigenous Australian artist, with whom they had two children, including New South Wales Young Australian of the Year for 2010, Jack Manning Bancroft.
Manning remarried to theatre director Marion Potts, with whom they had two children. In 2010, they relocated from Sydney to Melbourne when they were appointed director of the Malthouse Theatre.
References
Further reading
Scott Murray (ed.) Australian Film 1978–1994: A Survey of Theatrical Features (2nd ed.). Melbourne: Oxford University Press, Australian Film Commission and Cinema Papers. .
External links
Living people
1950 births
Australian male television actors
Australian male stage actors
Australian dramatists and playwrights
Mary Collins (April 18, 1846 - May 25, 1920) was a missionary, writer, and proponent for Native American rights in the Dakota Territory of the United States of America. They were a prolific member of the American Missionary Association, having spent thirty-five years of their life living amongst the Sioux tribe acting as a teacher, translator, and diplomat between the Sioux and white settlers. They were a noted friend and correspondent of Sitting Bull, one of the most famous Native Americans in United States history. Despite their actions and lifelong commitment to peaceful relations with the Sioux, Collins is a relatively unknown character in American history.
Early life
Collins was born in 1846 to Ephraim and Margaret Collins, in the town of Upper Alton, Illinois. Them father was a Northerner, and their mother a Southerner. Both their parents were children of American Revolutionary War veterans. Collins credited their ancestry, along with the physical training of their brothers, with providing them with the "pioneer spirit" that came to define their life. They rode horses, boated, climbed trees, and lifted weights alongside their brothers.
At the age of two, Collins moved with their family to Keokuk, Iowa, a small town in the southeastern part of the state. Keokuk was known for its neutrality between White and Native settlers. Here they attended a mix of public and private schools on their way to receiving a Master of Arts from Ripon College in Wisconsin.
Collins' religious training and interest in missionary work began at an early age, when they began attending church and Sabbath School. In their publication How I Became A Missionary, Collins states that their Sabbath school teacher introduced them to and trained them for their future calling.
Life with the Sioux
Collins was first called to missionary work in 1875 by the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. They wished to work in the Micronesia island territories in the western Pacific Ocean, but they failed to pass the required medical exam because of a lung condition. They were asked instead to serve as a missionary to the Native Americans in the Dakota territory, arriving at their post on November 10, 1875.
Collins was quick to adapt to the language, claiming they had no trouble in seeing the Native American side of any question. They enjoyed a relatively high status amongst the tribe due to their knowledge of medicine, which gave their privileges not typically granted. They were also a source of counsel and knowledge on domestic affairs, religious problems, and legal questions. During their time on the Reservation, they also served as a lecturer on behalf of the Native American way of life at universities, public schools, churches, and conferences.
Friendship with Sitting Bull
Sitting Bull, the tribal chief of the Lakota Sioux at the end of the 19th century, was introduced to Collins some time in 1885 (nine years after their victory at the Battle of Little Bighorn). They impressed them almost immediately with their command of the Lakota language, and for this they considered them a relative.
American historian and biographer Stanley Vestal states in their biography Sitting Bull: Champion of the Sioux that Collins "knew them better than almost any other white person at the agency." Them close relationship with Sitting Bull, along with their quest for peaceful cooperation between both Natives and the expanding white settlements, led them to ask Sitting Bull to stop encouraging the Ghost Dance, which was believed to have contributed to Lakota resistance. This dance was seen as a threat by U.S. Army troops and police officers sent to the Dakota region, who misinterpreted the dance as a prelude to armed attack. Sitting Bull and their tribe persisted, and on December 15, 1890, Sitting Bull was arrested, and subsequently shot and killed in the ensuing mayhem. Following the Wounded Knee Massacre later that month, the practice of Ghost Dancing was outlawed.
Death and legacy
In 1910, failing health compelled Collins to give up their work in the field with the Sioux. They returned to Keokuk to live with their sister (there is no evidence that Collins ever married). Illness set in during the early summer of 1919, and confined Collins to their bed until their death in 1920.
In Keokuk, they had continued to be an active member of the American Missionary Association. Them writings, many of them in the Dakota language, remained an important part of Dakota culture long after their death. Frank White, a representative of the American Missionary Association, paid tribute to their life by characterizing them as "pioneer in the nth power." Many of their correspondences, including their own autobiography and will, are held in the South Dakota State Historical Society.
References
1846 births
1920 deaths
American Protestant missionaries
Protestant missionaries in the United States
Female Christian missionaries
Bubesheim is a municipality in the district of Günzburg in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Populated places in Günzburg (district)
Si Racha Municipal Stadium () is a multi-purpose stadium in Si Racha, Chonburi, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches. The stadium holds 5,000 people.
References
Multi-purpose stadiums in Thailand
Buildings and structures in Chonburi province
Sport in Chonburi province
Henry George Widdowson (born 28 May 1935) is a British linguist and an authority in the field of applied linguistics and language teaching, specifically English language learning and teaching.
Career
They gained a PhD in Linguistics from the University of Edinburgh in 1973.
Widdowson was the first Chair of Applied Linguistics at the Institute of Education, University of London.  They are a Emeritus Professor of Education, University of London, and has also been Professor of Applied Linguistics at the University of Essex and Professor of English Linguistics at the University of Vienna, where they hold an Honorary Professorship (Department of English). Since the 1990s, Widdowson lives and works in Vienna, Austria.  They are the Applied Linguistics adviser to Oxford University Press and series adviser of Oxford Bookworms Collection. Widdowson is co-editor of Language Teaching: A Scheme for Teacher Education.  They are the series editor of Oxford Introductions to Language Study and the author of Linguistics (1996) in the same series. They have also published Defining Issues in English Language Teaching (2002), and Practical Stylistics: An Approach to Poetry (1992).
Research
Widdowson is perhaps best known for their contribution to communicative language teaching. However, they have also published on other related subjects such as discourse analysis and critical discourse analysis, the global spread of English, English for Special Purposes and stylistics.The Routledge Encyclopedia of Language Teaching and Learning calls them "probably the most influential philosopher of the late twentieth century for international ESOL" (674).
They have authored a number of highly influential papers. Their 1994 paper in TESOL Quarterly, for instance, has become a key paper in the rationale behind English as a lingua franca and what has become known as the "ownership" of English.
One of their recent books is Text, Context, Pretext. Critical Issues in Discourse Analysis (2005), published by Blackwell's.
Selected publications
Widdowson, H. (2003). Defining Issues in English Language Teaching (Oxford Applied Linguistics) (1st ed.). Oxford University Press.
Widdowson, H. (2007). Discourse Analysis (Oxford Introduction to Language Study Series). Oxford University Press.
Widdowson, H. G. (1978). Teaching Language as Communication (Oxford Applied Linguistics) (1st ed.). Oxford University Press.
Articles (brief extract)
Widdowson, Henry G. (1992) "ELT and EL Teacher." ELT Journal 46/4. 333-339.
Widdowson, Henry G. (1993) "Proper Words in proper Places." ELT Journal 47/4. 317-329.
Widdowson, Henry G. (1994) "The Ownership of English". TESOL Quarterly 28/2 377-89.
Widdowson, Henry G. (1997) "EIL, ESL, EFL: global Issues and local Interests". World Englishes 16/1. 146-53.
Widdowson, Henry G. (1998a) " EIL: squaring the Circles. A Reply." World Englishes 17/3 397-401.
Widdowson, Henry G. (1998b) "Communication and Community. The Pragmatics of ESP." English for Specific Purposes 17/1 3-14.
Widdowson, Henry G. (1998c) "The Theory and Practice of Critical Discourse Analysis." Applied Linguistics 19/1 136-151.
References
External links
H.G. Widdowson on TESOL
Biography of H.G. Widdowson @ OUP
Text, Context, Pretext. Critical Issues in Discourse Analysis (2005)
University of Vienna, Department of English
1935 births
Living people
Applied linguists
Academics of the University of Essex
Academics of the University of London
Linguists from the United Kingdom
University of Vienna faculty
Alumni of the University of Edinburgh
British expatriates in Austria
Johannes Christiaan Schotel (11 November 1787 – 21 December 1838) was a 19th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands known for their marines and artwork. Talent was handed down by generation to the next throughout the Schotel family producing numerous talented artists.
Biography
Schotel was born and died in Dordrecht. According to the RKD they were the pupil of Adriaan Meulemans, Martinus Schouman, Abraham van Strij, and Jacob van Strij. They were a member of the Dordrecht artist's society Pictura and was the father of Petrus Johannes Schotel.
Schotel had left a legacy which remains in Dordecht to date, inside the Dordecht museum and throughout the world. They were a talented sailor and was admired for their depiction of the sea, specifically their ability to capture effects of light. Near to the end of their life they travelled to France and Belgium.
The 20th century art historian Pieter Scheen notes that J.C Schotel produced 214 paintings and around 275 drawings and watercolours. Paintings of the elder Schotel are in the museums of Amsterdam, Dordecht, Haarlem, Otterlo and Rotterdam, as well as in Hannover, Munich.
Artwork by Schotel is continuously being sold internationally as of June 16, 2004, 'Fishing boats on the beach near Egmond at low tide' was sold in London, Signed 'J C Schotel' which valued the painting at £25,000 - which was sold 13 days before the birth of Spencer Schotel, in Hastings, England.
Schotel is regarded as the preeminent marine painter of the 19th century. Their early illustrated studies can be found in the permanent collections of Princeton University Art Museum, New Jersey; The Morgan Library & Museum, New York; and The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York. The painting, Low Tide Gun Salute From a Dutch Man o' War, measures a massive 63 1/2" tall and 84" wide. Until now, the paintings sold on the international market have dwarfed in comparison to this lot, which may be the largest of Schotel's paintings to public knowledge.
References
Johannes Schotel on Artnet
Johannes Schotel on Stephenongpin
Johannes Schotel on Bonhams
Johannes Schotel on Barnebys
1787 births
1838 deaths
19th-century Dutch painters
Dutch male painters
Artists from Dordrecht
Dutch marine artists
19th-century Dutch male artists
For the Third Pole (Per il Terzo Polo) was a parliamentary group the Senate of the Republic active in the Legislature XVI of Italy.
Launched on 14 July 2011, the group consisted of members of Future and Freedom and Alliance for Italy. The president of the group was Francesco Rutelli, leader of Alliance for Italy.
The group placed itself in opposition to the Berlusconi IV Cabinet, while it guaranteed parliamentary support for the subsequent Monti Cabinet (2011–2013).
Composition
Alliance for Italy
Senators: Francesco Rutelli, Giacinto Russo (since 20 September 2011), Emanuela Baio, Franco Bruno, Cristina De Luca (since 15 February 2012), Riccardo Milana (until 16 October 2012), Claudio Molinari
Future and Freedom
Senators: Candido De Angelis, Maria Ida Germontani (since 20 September 2011), Mario Baldassarri, Barbara Contini, Egidio Digilio, Anna Maria Mancuso (since 31 October 2012), Nino Strano (3 November 2011 – 20 December 2012), Giuseppe Valditara
Leadership
Francesco Rutelli (2011 – 2013)
References
External links
2011 establishments in Italy
Defunct political party alliances in Italy
Italian Parliament
Temmondai Rock () is a rock exposure on the coast at the east side of the terminus of Higashi-naga-iwa Glacier in Queen Maud Land. Mapped from surveys and air photos by Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE), 1957–62, and named Temmondai-iwa (astronomical observatory rock).
Rock formations of Queen Maud Land
Prince Olav Coast
The 1986 African Cup of Champions Clubs Final was a football tie held over two legs in December 1986 between Zamalek, and Africa Sports.
Zamalek from Egypt won that final 4 – 2 in the penalty shoot-out, with the aggregate ending 2 – 2.
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Notes and references
http://www.angelfire.com/ak/EgyptianSports/ZamalekAfr1986.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20160305043429/http://www.rsssf.com/tablesa/afcup86.html
African Cup of Champions Clubs Finals
1
CCL
CCL
CAF Champions League Final 1986
108 is an American hardcore band founded in 1991. Their music reflects the Hare Krishna faith of the band members.
History
After splitting from the Zack De La Rocha-fronted band Inside Out, guitarist and Hare Krishna devotee Vraja Kishor das (aka Vic DiCara) formed 108 in 1991. While recording an EP, Rasaraja dasa (aka Rob Fish) joined on vocals. Following in the footsteps of the Cro-Mags and Antidote, they made sure to place their Krishna Consciousness at the forefront of their music.
Their first records, Holyname and Songs of Separation, were released on Equal Vision Records. These releases were followed by their participation in two documentary films, 108: The Final Tour and N.Y.H.C.
Following a prolonged break-up where DiCara relocated to India to become a monk, they planned to reform at Hellfest in 2005. Due to legal issues, that festival was cancelled at the last moment but 108 successfully re-booked special gigs in Philadelphia. They self-released a collection of demos and b-sides followed by a new full-length recording entitled "A New Beat From a Dead Heart" with Deathwish Inc.
On March 23, 2010, before the release of 18.61, it was announced that Rob Fish had quit the band, discontent with the band not being able to "redefine" its ties to faith. (Rob and Vic were no longer part of ISKCON by the time of the bands reformation.) The remaining members of the group later released the following statement: "108 has not broken up. Rasaraja [aka Robert Fish] has left the band, but 108 will continue in full force with a new direction and focus. We will be writing, recording and playing shows this year to support 18.61 and create new music."
Rob Fish rejoined the band in September 2010.
In May 2016, the band embarked on a series of reunion shows. May 21 in Flemington, New Jersey marked the return of Kate "Kate-08" Reddy. This was the first time they had played with the band in 20 years.
Discography
Studio albums
Holyname (1993, Equal Vision Records)
Songs of Separation (1994, Equal Vision Records)
Threefold Misery (1996, Lost & Found Records)
A New Beat from a Dead Heart (2007, Deathwish Inc.)
18.61 (2010, Deathwish Inc.)
EPs
Curse of Instinct (1996, Lost & Found Records)
Serve & Defy (1997, Lost & Found Records)
Oneoeight (2006, Self-Released)
Live albums
"One Path for Me Through Destiny" (1997, Lost & Found Records)
Compilations
Creation. Sustenance. Destruction. (2006, Equal Vision Records)
Compilation appearances
You Deserve Even Worse (1994, Lost & Found Records)
"Chord Magazine CD Sampler#10" (1995, Chord Recordings)
"Punk Rock Megaexplosion" (1995, Comforte)
N.Y.H.C. Documentary Soundtrack (1996, SFT Records)
Anti-Matter (1996, Another Planet Records)
Violent World: A Tribute to the Misfits (1997, Caroline Records)
"MMIX" (2009, Deathwish Inc.)
"MMX" (2010), Deathwish Inc.)
Videos
Curse of Instinct: 108's Final Tour (2000, Reflections Records)
Other releases
"Spoken Words" (1991, self-released)
"Demo 1992" (1992, self-released)
References
External links
Official website
108 at AllMusic
Late Night Wallflower Interview (2007)
International Society for Krishna Consciousness bands
Hardcore punk groups from New York (state)
American metalcore musical groups
Musical groups established in 1991
Musical groups disestablished in 1996
Musical groups reestablished in 2005
Musical quartets
Deathwish Inc. artists
Equal Vision Records artists
1991 establishments in New York City
Lampetis orientalis is a jewel beetle of the family Buprestidae.
Description
Lampetis orientalis can reach a length of about . Head and pronotum are bronzed-cupreous. Elytra are brownish-black. Pronotum is finely punctured on disk.
Distribution
This species is widespread over all the Indian subcontinent.
References
Buprestidae
Woodboring beetles
Beetles described in 1837
Christian Schmidt (9 June 1888 – 19 March 1917) was a German international footballer.
References
1888 births
1917 deaths
Association football goalkeepers
German footballers
Germany international footballers
Stuttgarter Kickers players
German military personnel killed in World War I
Place of birth missing
Alexander R. Its is a Distinguished Professor of Mathematical Sciences at Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis. They completed their doctorate from Saint Petersburg State University, then known as Leningrad University, in 1977. Afterwards, they continued their career as a lecturer at the Steklov Institute in Saint Petersburg before becoming a professor at their alma mater. They remained there until 1993, when they assumed their current role at Indiana University. Their research focuses on integrable systems, examining asymptotic analysis of matrix models using Riemann–Hilbert and isomonodromy methods, asymptotic analysis of correlation functions related to aspects of theoretical Fredholm and Toeplitz operators, and the theory of integrable nonlinear partial and ordinary differential equations of KdV and Painlevé types.
Awards received by Its over the course of their career include the Prize of the Moscow Mathematical Society (1976), the Prize of the Leningrad Mathematical Society (1981), the Hardy Fellowship of the London Mathematical Society (2002), the Batsheva de Rothschild Fellowship of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities (2009), and Fellowship in the American Mathematical Society (2012). In 2012, a conference on "Integrable Systems and Random Matrices" was held in their honor at the Institut Henri Poincaré in Paris.
References
Indiana University–Purdue University Indianapolis faculty
21st-century American mathematicians
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Saint Petersburg State University alumni
1952 births
Living people
20th-century American mathematicians
Dracaena kaweesakii (Kaweesak's dragon tree; Thai: Chan nuu or Chan pha krai) is a species of dragon tree. It can reach in both height and crown diameter. It is only found growing atop the limestone mountains in the Loei and the Lop Buri Provinces of Thailand.
Description
Dracaena kaweesakii is a species of dragon tree characterized by an extensive branching system; a fully grown specimen has several hundred branches. It has sword shaped leaves with white edges that grow in large clusters (20-50 leaves) and can be up to long. It has cream-colored flowers that have and slight green or yellow tint and bright orange filaments. D. kaweesakii produces brown fruit that turn orange when ripe. Seeds are in diameter. D. kaweesakii can grow to be tall with a crown diameter of . The tree's trunk can reach in diameter.
Dracaena kaweesakii in known from northern, northeastern, and central Thailand. Oral reports suggest it is also found in neighboring Burma. The tree grows on limestone outcrops at altitudes of . Higher altitude specimens tend to be shorter and less branching and smaller leaves. Because of its limited distribution and the harvesting of limestone for concrete production the species is thought to be endangered. As of 2013, the population was estimated to be less than 2500.
In May 2014, the International Institute for Species Exploration named D. kaweesakii as one of the "Top 10 New Species" named in 2013.
Taxonomic history
Dracaena kaweesakii was first described in 2013 by Paul Wilkin et al. in the journal PhytoKeys. The specific name derives from the name of Kaweesak Keeratikiat, a member of the team that identified the tree as a unique species.
Use by humans
Dracaena kaweesakii is commonly used in Thai horticulture due to its extensive branching. A number of specimens are found on the grounds of Buddhist temples. In general, species of Dracaena are thought to bring good luck to those who have the trees in their yards.
References
kaweesakii
Plants described in 2013
Wolf Frederick von Retzow, Prussian Lieutenant General during the Seven Years' War, was born in 1699 on the Estate Möthlow near Nauen in the Märkisch Luch. They died of dysentery on 5 November 1758 in Schweidnitz.
Military and administrative career
The son of an aristocratic family, Retzow was educated at the cavalry academy in Brandenburg. They entered the regiment "von Schlabrendorff" at the age of 17 as a cadet. In 1745 they became commander-in-chief of the battalion Grenadier-Garde, which was stationed in Potsdam. Two years later, they became the head of the authority providing food and provisions for the army, as well as some important state-owned enterprises, such as the Great Military House and the Gold and Silver Manufactory in Berlin. When Frederick II called for the construction of a Bohemian weaver colony near Potsdam in the spring of 1751, they commissioned Retzow with its establishment.
The new colony was built in the immediate vicinity of Neuendorf. Retzow remained closely connected with their colony until their death. They were not only their first commander but also the first distributor of the textiles they produced. When, from 1756 onward, other distributors took up the work, Colonel Retzow was judge and intermediary between the weavers and the new manufacturers.
Because of their special merit in the Battle of Leuthen during the Seven Years' War, Retzow was still appointed Lieutenant-General on the battlefield by Frederick the Great. Prior to the Battle of Hochkirch, Frederick dispatched an entire Prussian corps to the hills east of Hochkirch in late September; by early October, Retzow's corps was within of the Austrians; Frederick ordered Retzow to take the hill that commanded the area, called Strohmberg. When Retzow arrived there, they discovered that the Austrians already had laid possession with a strong force. They refused the order to storm the position. Disgraced, Retzow surrendered their sword; Frederick also had them arrested. Retzow was already suffering from dysentery and was transferred to Schweidnitz, where they died.
Retzow was married to Charlotte Louise von Röseler (born 1706; died 7 May 1779), daughter of General Friedrich August von Röseler. The couple had several children:
Friedrich August (13 July 1729 – 18 October 1812)
Wilhelm Leopold (13 July 1729 – 14 May 1803) married Henriette von Thiele
Charlotte (1767–1833) wife of the Field Marshal Friedrich von Kleist
Marie Charlotte (25 September 1781) married Peter Christian von Kleist (9 November 1727 – 21 November 1777)
Hans Jürgen von Kleist-Retzow
Friederike Albertine married Adam August von Möllendorf.
Citations
Literature
Kurt von Priesdorff: Soldatisches Führertum. Band 1, Hanseatische Verlagsanstalt Hamburg, ohne Jahr, S. 400–401.
Neuendorf-Nowawes-Babelsberg; Stationen eines Stadtteils; Autorenkollektiv; Herausgeber: Förderkreis Böhmisches Dorf Nowawes und Neuendorf e. V.; Geiger-Verlag, Horb am Neckar; 2000
Bernhard von Poten, Retzow, Wolf Friedrich von, ADB, vol. 28, pp 277–278.
1699 births
1757 deaths
Kleist family
Lieutenant generals of Prussia
Prussian military personnel of the Seven Years' War
German military personnel of the War of the Austrian Succession
La Cabina () is a 1972 television film directed by Spanish director Antonio Mercero, and written by themselves and José Luis Garci, starring José Luis López Vázquez. It first aired on 13 December 1972 on Televisión Española. In the 35-minute film, a man becomes trapped in a telephone booth, while passersby seem unable to help him.
The film won the 1973 International Emmy Award for Fiction, the only Spanish programme to have won it. It was uploaded on YouTube in August 2019 by RTVE Archivo.
Plot
The film opens with workmen installing a phone booth in the middle of a square. Later, a man takes their son to the school bus. They enter the phone booth to make a call and the door slowly closes behind him. The man realizes that the phone does not work, so they try to leave, only to discover that the door is stuck. They try desperately to get it open, but nothing works.
Eventually two businessmen come by and try to help them out, but to no avail. This gathers the attention of many passers-by who begin to congregate and watch the action. Several people (including a strong man, a repair man and a police officer) try to open the door but it remains stuck. Eventually a firefighter is just about to try to break open the glass roof of the phone booth when the phone booth company appears. They unbolt the booth and take it away on their truck, with the man still inside it. The crowd cheers and waves them away.
The man watches frantically as they are carted across town. They try to scream for help from people but everyone, apart from some dwarves, just smile and wave. There are allusions to their fate along the way, with a dwarf holding a ship in a bottle and a glass coffin containing a corpse being mourned. Eventually the truck stops next to another truck also carrying a man stuck in a phone booth. The two men try to communicate but cannot. After many hours the truck arrives at a massive underground warehouse. The phone booth is lifted up in the air by a giant magnet and the truck drives away. The phone booth is carried by a forklift through the warehouse, which is full of phone booths containing decaying remains of other trapped citizens. The man struggles in fear but cannot escape. The forklift drops them and leaves. The man looks to their right and sees the trapped man they saw on their way to the warehouse, who has strangled themselves with the telephone cord. The man collapses out of frame in despair. The film ends with the phone booth company setting up a similar booth in the same park.
References
External links
Chaotic Cinema - Summary and many still images
The film on YouTube
1972 films
1970s Spanish-language films
Spanish short films
Spanish black comedy films
Madrid in fiction
Spain in fiction
1972 horror films
RTVE shows
Spanish science fiction films
Spanish television films
Spanish films
Cidral is a barrio in the municipality of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 415.
History
Puerto Rico was ceded by Spain in the aftermath of the Spanish–American War under the terms of the Treaty of Paris of 1898 and became an unincorporated territory of the United States. In 1899, the United States Department of War conducted a census of Puerto Rico finding that the combined population of Cidral and Piedras Blancas barrios was 1,125.
Sectors
Barrios (which are roughly comparable to minor civil divisions) in turn are further subdivided into smaller local populated place areas/units called sectores (sectors in English). The types of sectores may vary, from normally sector to urbanización to reparto to barriada to residencial, among others.
The following sectors are in Cidral barrio:
, and .
See also
List of communities in Puerto Rico
List of barrios and sectors of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
References
Barrios of San Sebastián, Puerto Rico
Satya Paul was an Indian designer label known for Indian prints founded on 1 April 1985. The brand is now present across India. It was founded by designer Satya Paul and helmed by Sanjay Kapoor (Founder - Genesis Luxury) along with Paul's son Puneet Nanda (Creative Director of Satya Paul till 2010).
The founder of the label, Satya Paul, died in Coimbatore on January 6, 2021.
Products
The Satya Paul product line comprises women's designer wear mostly saris, kurtas, handbags, clutches and scarves, and men's accessories such as neck ties, belts, wallets, pocket squares and cufflinks.
Artists
Raza
Raja Ravi Varma
Pablo Picasso & René Magritte
Chola Bronze Collection
Tarot collection
World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF)
Cricket world cup
Think Pink
Shloka
Sumie
Disney
S.H. Raza
Tropical Wonder
Mata Hari
Cocktails & Dreams
Star Struck
Bohemian Rhapsody
Rang Brahm & Banaras
Ramayana
Indian summer
Travel Sutra
Devi
Design Collaborations for a Cause
Satya Paul joined hands for Women's Cancer Initiative with the Tata Memorial Centre Hospital of Mumbai for the Think Pink-Awareness Campaign for Breast Cancer. The project was the brainchild of Mumbai socialite and philanthropist Devieka Bhojwani, who battled and survived breast cancer.
A special collection, 'Ray of Hope' was developed as well to represent the strength and struggle of women fighting cancer.
In 2006 the brand collaborated with WWF to launch the Endangered Species collection.
In 2003, Satya Paul metamorphosed four of S.H. Raza's paintings and reproduced them as limited edition silk scarves.
References
Indian fashion
Indian brands
High fashion brands
Companies based in Gurgaon
Indian companies established in 1985
1985 establishments in Haryana
Lithia Springs Regional Park, is a park in Lithia, Hillsborough County, Florida, in the United States. The park's major attraction is a natural spring from which water flows year-round at a temperature of 72 degrees. Sixty per-cent of the park is surrounded by the Alafia River, into which the water from the spring flows.
In addition to the popular swimming area, the park includes forty-five campsites and two indoor shower facilities, as well as canoe and kayak launch facilities. There is a large grassy area, a fishing dock, volleyball, and hiking trails.
A circular trail between the park and Alderman's Ford Regional Park is being planned by the Southwest Florida Water Management District (SwiftMud) and the Environmental Lands Acquisition and Protection Program (ELAPP).
Lithia Spring Major
The spring, officially known as Lithia Spring Major, is located 500 feet from the Alafia River, into which it discharges an average of 35 million gallons of water per day. Lithia Springs is within the Floridan Aquifer, and is recharged by precipitation falling within five to ten miles of the vent. The spring vent lies in 10–15 feet of water, underneath an outcropping of limestone, which is part of the Arcadia Formation, and is protected by a steel grate. As the water is very clear, the vent is clearly visible in the swimming area. The water is a year-round temperature of 72 degrees, making it the warmest in Central Florida. The water contains nitrates, sulfates, as well as a trace amount of its namesake Lithium. Research by the WQMP shows the elevated level of nitrates is caused by fertilizer applied to citrus in close proximity to the spring. A portion of the water is diverted to an industrial facility operated by the Mosaic fertilizer mining company.
References
Parks in Hillsborough County, Florida
Jabbar Rashak (1 July 1942 – 9 October 2015) was a former Iraqi football defender who played for Iraq in 1966. They played in the 1966 Arab Nations Cup.
On 9 October 2015, Rashak died at the age of 73.
References
Iraqi footballers
Iraq international footballers
2015 deaths
Association football defenders
1942 births
Joseph Frederick Hargrave (1880 – 19 October 1917), sometimes known as Fred Hargraves or Fred Hargreaves, was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward for Burton United, Leeds City and Stoke.
Career
A centre forward, Hargrave began their career with their local non-league club Atherstone Town, before transferring to First Division club Aston Villa in July 1901, for whom they failed to make a senior appearance. After a spell with Midland League club Walsall, they transferred to Second Division club Burton United in July 1903. They top-scored for the club during the 1902–03 season and finished their three-year spell with 23 goals in 72 appearances. Hargrave transferred to fellow Second Division club Leeds City in July 1905 and had a prolific 1905–06 season in front of goal, scoring 19 goals in 34 appearances, which included seven goals in six FA Cup matches. They were moved to right half during the 1906–07 season and as a result, their goals dried up. Hargrave departed Leeds City in 1908 for Birmingham & District League club Stoke and scored 11 goals in 15 matches for the "Potters" during the 1908–09 season.
Personal life
As of 1911, Hargrave was working as a hatter. In December 1915, during the second year of the First World War, they enlisted as a private in the Royal Garrison Artillery in Atherstone. While holding the rank of gunner, Hargrave was killed at Passchendaele on 19 October 1917 and was buried in Steenkerke Belgian Military Cemetery.
Career statistics
References
English footballers
Burton United F.C. players
Leeds City F.C. players
Stoke City F.C. players
English Football League players
1880 births
1917 deaths
Association football forwards
Association football wing halves
People from Atherstone
Atherstone Town F.C. players
Aston Villa F.C. players
Walsall F.C. players
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Garrison Artillery soldiers
British military personnel killed in World War I
Hunter's sunbird (Chalcomitra hunteri) is a species of bird in the family Nectariniidae. It is found in Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, South Sudan, Tanzania, and Uganda.
References
Hunter's sunbird
Birds of the Horn of Africa
Hunter's sunbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Hermann Scherchen (21 June 1891 – 12 June 1966) was a German conductor.
Life
Scherchen was born in Berlin. Originally a violist, they played among the violas of the Bluthner Orchestra of Berlin while still in their teens. They conducted in Riga from 1914 to 1916 and in Königsberg from 1928 to 1933, after which they left Germany in protest of the new Nazi regime and worked in Switzerland. Along with the philanthropist Werner Reinhart, Scherchen played a leading role in shaping the musical life of Winterthur for many years, with numerous premiere performances, the emphasis being placed on contemporary music. From 1922 to 1950, they were the principal conductor of the city orchestra of Winterthur (today known as Orchester Musikkollegium Winterthur).
Making their debut with Arnold Schoenberg's Pierrot Lunaire, they were a champion of 20th-century composers such as Richard Strauss, Anton Webern, Alban Berg and Edgard Varèse, and actively promoted the work of younger contemporary composers including Iannis Xenakis, Luigi Nono and Leon Schidlowsky.
They were the teacher of Karel Ančerl, Egisto Macchi, Marc Bélanger, Françoys Bernier, Anna Renfer, Frieda Belinfante and Karl Amadeus Hartmann, and contributed to the libretto of Hartmann's opera Simplicius Simplicissimus. They also premiered Hartmann's early work Miserae. Conductor Francis Travis was a pupil, then conducting assistant, for five years.
 They are probably best known for their orchestral arrangement (and recording) of Bach's The Art of Fugue. Their 1953 "Lehrbuch des Dirigierens" (Treatise on Conducting, ) is a standard textbook. Their recorded repertoire was extremely wide, ranging from Vivaldi to Reinhold Glière.
Like Vasily Safonov and (in later life) Leopold Stokowski, Scherchen commonly avoided the use of a baton. Their technique when in this mode sometimes caused problems for players; an unidentified BBC Symphony Orchestra bassoonist told the singer Ian Wallace that interpreting Scherchen's minuscule hand movements was like trying to milk a flying gnat. According to Fritz Spiegl, Scherchen worked largely through verbal instructions to their players and their scores were peppered with reminders of what they needed to say at each critical point in the music.
However, Scherchen did not always dispense with the baton. The film of their rehearsal of their edition of Bach's The Art of Fugue with the CBC Toronto Chamber Orchestra shows them using a baton throughout.
Family
Their first wife – who was also their third wife – was Auguste Marie (Gustl) Jansen, whom they married on 17 June 1921. After a brief marriage to actor Gerda Müller from 1927–1929, they were again together with Gustl Jansen. In 1936, Scherchen married the Chinese composer Xiao Shuxian in Peking (Beijing). A daughter, Tona Scherchen, was born to them in 1938. They have also made a name for themselves as a composer. The last of their five wives was the Zurich-based Romanian mathematics teacher Pia Andronescu, with whom they had 5 children: Myriam, David, Esther, Nathan and Alexandra.
They died in Florence, survived by a number of children from five wives and other women.
One their sons was Karl Hermann "Wulff" Scherchen. Wulff met Benjamin Britten when they were thirteen (nearly fourteen) and twenty, respectively. Their romantic relationship did not begin until four years later. John Bridcut describes the passionate exchanges of letters between the increasingly-famous composer and the teenager in Britten's Children. Wulff's relationship with Britten is also the subject of Serenade for Tenor, Saxophone and Orchestra, a song cycle by Lyle Chan based on the romantic letters exchanged by the pair.
Until 2014, their daughter, Myriam Scherchen, co-ran the music label Tahra, which released officially authorized historical recordings of conductors such as Scherchen, Furtwängler, Mengelberg and others, generally drawn from primary recorded sources. Tahra ceased business after the death of the co-principal of the label, René Trémine.
The sister of Auguste Maria Jansen, Helen (Lene) Jansen, was married to the Hungarian cartographer Alexander Radó, who, under the alias 'Dora', was a member of the European-wide resistance organization known as the "Rote Kapelle". When Radó was threatened in Switzerland by German security agents and faced eviction, Hermann Scherchen hid them in their apartment in Geneva.
Quote
"Music does not have to be understood. It has to be listened to." ("")
Recordings
Scherchen recorded an unusually wide range of repertoire, from the baroque to the contemporary. Their Mahler recordings, made before Mahler became a part of the standard repertoire, were especially influential; so too were their recordings of Bach and Handel, which helped pave the way for the period-performance practice movement. Included as well were significant recordings of music by Haydn, Beethoven, Berlioz, Tchaikovsky, Glière, Bartók, Schoenberg and many others.
In 1959, Hermann Scherchen recorded Handel's Messiah, with Pierrette Alarie, soprano, Nan Merriman, contralto, Leopold Simoneau, tenor and Richard Standen, bass. (Westminster XWL 3306, WST 306)
In 1959, Hermann Scherchen recorded Bach's Mass in B minor, with Pierrette Alarie, soprano, Nan Merriman, contralto, Leopold Simoneau, tenor and Gustav Neidlinger, bass. (Westminster WST 304)
In 1960, Hermann Scherchen recorded works by Max Reger with alto Margarethe Bence and the Nordwestdeutsche Philharmonie, including Eine Lustspielouvertüre (A Comedy Overture), Serenade for orchestra, Romantic Suite for orchestra, "An die Hoffnung", Variations and Fugue on a Theme of Beethoven and Variations and Fugue on a Theme by Mozart.
In 1996, Tahra published the only commercially released recording of Malipiero's complete L'Orfeide. It was a remastered live recording of the 7 June 1966 performance at the Teatro della Pergola in Florence, conducted by Scherchen only five days before their death. The cast included Magda Olivero and Renato Capecchi (Tah 190/191).
Notes
J.S. Bach – Art of Fugue. Orchestre de Radio Beromunster. Hermann Scherchen, 1949. (History label – Soli Deo Gloria, 204583-308. Two CDs, 2000.)
Ludwig van Beethoven – Symphony No. 5, Opus 67. Orchestra della Radio Televisione della Svizzera Italiana (RTSI), February 1965. (CD1 contains the full rehearsal version and CD2 the full concert version.) Ermitage ERM 126–2 ADD.
External links
Dissertation – Performance, Technology, And Politics: Hermann Scherchen's' Aesthetics Of Modern Music by Dennis Hutchison
Online biography at bach-cantatas.com
1891 births
1966 deaths
German male conductors (music)
Musicians from Berlin
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Emigrants from Nazi Germany to Switzerland
Second Viennese School
20th-century German conductors (music)
20th-century classical composers
Male classical composers
20th-century German male musicians
Tirta Empul temple () is a Hindu Balinese water temple located near the town of Tampaksiring, Bali, Indonesia. The temple compound consists of a petirtaan or bathing structure, famous for its holy spring water, where Balinese Hindus go to for ritual purification. The temple pond has a spring which gives out fresh water regularly, which Balinese Hindus consider to be holy or amritha. Tirta Empul means Holy Spring in Balinese.
Construction of the temple
Tirta Empul Temple was founded around a large water spring in 962 A.D. during the Warmadewa dynasty (10th-14th centuries). The name of the temple comes from the ground water source named "Tirta Empul". The spring is the source of the Pakerisan river. The temple is divided into three sections: Jaba Pura (front yard), Jaba Tengah (central yard) and Jeroan (inner yard). Jaba Tengah contains 2 pools with 30 showers which are named accordingly: Pengelukatan, Pebersihan and Sudamala dan Pancuran Cetik (poison).
The temple is dedicated to Vishnu, another Hindu god name for the supreme consciousness Narayana.
On a hill overlooking the temple, a modern villa was built for President Sukarno's visit in 1954. The villa is currently a rest house for important guests.
Water quality
For most of the time, Tirta Empul is believed as a source of clean water for ritual bathing. However, according to a Coconut Bali report in 2017, authorities were investigating reports of water pollution and health risk at Tirta Empul from Gianyar.
See also
Balinese Hinduism
List of Hindu temples in Indonesia
References
Hindu temples in Indonesia
10th-century Hindu temples
Cultural Properties of Indonesia in Bali
Gianyar Regency
Yusefabad (, also Romanized as Yūsefābād and Yūsefābad; also known as Yūsaofābād) is a village in Eshaqabad Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 648, in 183 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Paramesiodes longirostris is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found on Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1960
Archipini
Images
Gompers Preparatory Academy is a public charter secondary school in San Diego, California. It is operated under the San Diego Unified School District in cooperation with the University of California, San Diego. It is located at 1005 47th Street in the Chollas View area of Southeast San Diego, one of the lowest-income neighborhoods of the city. It serves grades 6–12 and has a student body of approximately 950. It was founded in 2005 as Gompers Charter Middle School; the high school was added in 2009 as Gompers Preparatory Academy, and the school graduated its first class of seniors in 2012. The academy is accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges.
History
Gompers opened in 1955 as a junior high school, named after labor union leader Samuel Gompers.
During the early 1980s Gompers was designated a math-science magnet school, as part of the school district's effort to integrate its schools in response to a 1977 court order, by attracting white students to predominantly minority schools. There were two separate educational programs at the school: a standard middle school program for students from the local neighborhood in grades 7 and 8 who then went to high schools elsewhere, and a grade 7-12 magnet school which attracted students from all over the district for its special emphasis on math and science. The magnet program recruited top teachers and became known for its high test scores and placement of students in prestigious colleges. It won dozens of national academic awards in science and social studies competitions. But neighborhood residents complained that the magnet program was not integrated into the school, that magnet students and neighborhood students had little contact, and that there was a strong racial disparity between students in the magnet and students in the "regular" program. Principal Marie Thornton set out in 1986 to change that culture by insisting on more integration of the programs and requiring magnet teachers to also teach classes to the non-magnet students. These changes were controversial and were supported by neighborhood parents but strongly resisted by parents of magnet students, as well as by teachers, many of whom had no training or experience teaching middle school students. By 1990 there was a 53% drop in voluntary white enrollment in the program, about half of the original magnet teachers had left for other schools, and the district identified "severe problems" at the school, including racial tension and gang violence.
By 2000 the math-science magnet had been closed and the schools had become Gompers Middle School and Gompers High School, which shared the campus. The schools were widely regarded as failing and even dangerous, as violence caused by clashes between local gangs was common. Vincent Riveroll came into this situation in 2004 as middle school principal, and together with a committed group of teachers and staff members, they "started the war to reclaim Gompers." They convened a committee of teachers and parents which began to push for a charter school. The proposal was strongly resisted by the school district, which at one point fired Riveroll as principal. But the committee persisted, UCSD joined the effort, and the district approved the charter school a few months later, with Riveroll returning as principal. Gompers Middle School became Gompers Charter Middle School. The charter middle school coexisted for two years with Gompers High School, which graduated its last class in June 2007. The high school campus was eventually taken over by the charter to become Gompers Preparatory Academy.
Curriculum
The school offers a rigorous high school college preparatory program of instruction, designed to prepare students for college. The academic program includes honors and advanced placement courses in history, math, science, and English. The curriculum is designed around the admission requirements for the University of California system. All students wear uniforms and discipline is strict.
Sports
Students at the academy can compete in softball, baseball, crew, basketball, soccer, track, tennis, lacrosse and volleyball. The school's mascot is the Eagle.
Notable alumni
Rupaul - television personality
References
External links
School website
High schools in San Diego
Charter preparatory schools in California
2005 establishments in California
Tavarnelle may refer to places in Italy:
Barberino Tavarnelle, a commune
Tavarnelle Val di Pesa, a part of Barberino Tavarnelle
A.S.D. San Donato Tavarnelle, an Italian association football club
See also
Tavernelle (disambiguation)
The black-eared oriole (Oriolus bouroensis), or Buru oriole, is a species of bird in the family Oriolidae. It is native to Buru island.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
The black-eared oriole was originally described in the genus Philemon. Until 2008, the Tanimbar oriole was classified as a subspecies of the black-eared oriole. Some authorities have not yet recognized this split.
References
black-eared oriole
black-eared oriole
Birds of Buru
black-eared oriole
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Chloroclysta miata, the autumn green carpet, is a moth of the family Geometridae. The species was first described by Carl Linnaeus in their 1758 10th edition of Systema Naturae. It is found from most of Europe to the Alatau in Central Asia.
The wingspan is . The moth is olive green, with broader forewings. Its crosslines and bands are usually more evenly and extensively whitish. The ground colour of the forewings is olive green or grey green. There is a paler central band and a pale basal area. The crosslines and chevron bands form an intricate pattern. The submarginal line is white. The hindwings are pale grey with a dark discal spot. The larva is naked, long and thin, bright yellow-green with red-purple lateral stripes.
Similar species: Adults are similar in appearance to the red-green carpet (Chloroclysta siterata) but C. siterata has a reddish tinge and darker hindwings.
Adults are on wing from August to November and again (after overwintering as an adult) from April to May.
The larva feeds on various deciduous trees and shrubs such as Betula verrucosa, Betula pubescens, Salix species (including Salix caprea and Salix phylicifolia), Populus tremula, Sorbus aucuparia, Amelanchier spicata, Prunus padus, Rhamnus frangula, Vaccinium myrtillus, Vaccinium uliginosum. Larvae can be found from May to August.
Subspecies
Chloroclysta miata miata
Chloroclysta miata buzurga Wiltshire, 1970
References
External links
Lepidoptera of Belgium
Lepiforum e.V.
Cidariini
Moths of Europe
Moths of Asia
Moths described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Chief is the third studio album by American country music artist Eric Church. It was released on July 26, 2011, via EMI Nashville. The album produced five singles, including Church's first two number one hits on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart—"Drink in My Hand" and "Springsteen", as well as the Top 10 hits "Creepin'" and "Like Jesus Does" and the Top 20 "Homeboy". On June 20, 2012, the album was certified triple Platinum by the RIAA, for having shipped over 3,000,000 records. As of April 2017, the album has sold 1,957,700 copies in the United States.
The album received a nomination for Best Country Album at the 54th Grammy Awards and won Album of the Year at the CMA Awards and ACM Awards. In 2020, the album was ranked at 419 on Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time list.
Critical reception
Upon its release, Chief received generally positive reviews from most music critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the album received an average score of 77, based on 9 reviews, which indicates "generally favorable reviews".
AllMusic reviewer Thom Jurek gave it 5 stars out of 5, saying that it is "defiant, well-conceived, and more carefully executed than it sounds, with some excellent songs". In a review for Slant Magazine, critic Jonathan Keefe stated that "It just doesn't make a hell of a lot of sense to champion traditional country music while singing over hard-rock arrangements and occasionally Auto-Tuned vocal tracks. That's not to say they don't do a lot of things, particularly with their songwriting and with some risky production choices, awfully well here. Chief doesn't make them a country music Jesus, but it does back up a good deal of their braggadocio."
Rolling Stone placed the album at number 19 on its Best Albums of 2011 list.
Commercial performance
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 and the Top Country Albums chart, selling 145,000 copies in its first week of release. In its second week, the album fell to number two on the Billboard 200 while still remaining at number one on the Top Country Albums chart. The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on June 20, 2012, and triple platinum on August 31, 2016 for combined sales and streams of over three million units in the United States. As of August 2017, the album has sold 1,957,700 copies in the United States.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from AllMusic.
Musicians
Stephanie Chapman – background vocals
Eric Church – lead vocals, Dobro, acoustic guitar, electric guitar
J. T. Corenflos – electric guitar
Joanna Cotten – background vocals
Shelly Fairchild – background vocals
Steve Fishell – lap steel guitar, pedal steel guitar
Jason Hall – background vocals
Lee Hendricks – bass guitar
Jedd Hughes – acoustic guitar, banjo, mandolin
Jeff Hyde – acoustic guitar, banjo, background vocals
Jay Joyce – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, 12-string guitar, Dobro, synthesizer
Jaime King – background vocals
Luke Laird – acoustic guitar
Alfreda McCrary Lee – background vocals
Beverly Ann McCrary – background vocals
Regina McCrary – background vocals
Pat McLaughlin – acoustic guitar, electric guitar, background vocals
Giles Reaves – vibraphone
Jonathan Singleton – background vocals
Bryan Sutton – acoustic guitar, banjo, mandolin
Ryan Tyndell – background vocals
Charlie Worsham – electric guitar, mandolin
Craig Wright – drums, percussion
Technical
Arturo Buenahora, Jr. – executive production
Joanna Carter – art direction
Jason Hall – assistant, engineer
Michelle Hall – art production
Scott Johnson – production assistant
Jay Joyce – production, engineer, mixing
Andrew Mendelson – mastering
John Peets – photography
Matt Wheeler – assistant
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Decade-end charts
Certifications
References
2011 albums
Eric Church albums
EMI Records albums
Albums produced by Jay Joyce
Officialdom Unmasked (), is a late-Qing Chinese novel by Li Baojia (Li Boyuan). The theme of the work is the disintegration of the late Qing dynasty civil service bureaucracy as it is deteriorating. The novel was translated to English in 2002 in an abridged format by T. L. Yang and published by Hong Kong University Press.
Donald Holoch, author of "A Novel of Setting: The Bureaucrats", wrote that the novel is very long with a "bewildering" amount of content, and therefore they argue that discussing the novel is difficult. Officialdom Unmasked has over 600,000 Chinese characters. It has over 800 dramatis personæ and many episodes. Holoch wrote that the work "integrates the decline of the state, the status of women, the bureaucratic personality, the role of imperialism, and the commercialization of human relations."
Title
The title can be translated literally as Official circles: a revelation., or variously as "A Revelation of Official Circles", "The Bureaucrats: A Revelation", or "Observations on the Current State of Officialdom", "The Bureaucracy Exposed," "The Exposure of the Official World", or "Official Circles: A Revelation".
Development
Jaroslav Průšek wrote that Li Baojia wrote Officialdom Unmasked because Li Baojia wanted to entice people into opposing a corrupt bureaucracy.
Li Baojia wrote the book from 1901 to 1906 while simultaneously writing other books. The first half of the work appeared in installments of Shanghai Shijie Fanhua Bao, serialized there from April 1903 to June 1905. Donald Holoch, author of "A Novel of Setting: The Bureaucrats", wrote that Officialdom Unmasked was Li Baojia's "magnum opus". Li died in 1906.
Since the year of Li Baojia's death, the current version of Officialdom Unmasked is a 60 chapter version. Holoch wrote that a man named Ouyang Juyuan (T: 歐陽巨源, S: 欧阳巨源, P: Ōuyáng Jùyuán, W: Ou-yang Chü-yüan), a friend of Li Baojia, "allegedly" added the final 12 chapters after Li Baojia died, and therefore the 60 chapter version is "commonly held to be the work of two men." Holoch argued that Li Baojia and Ouyang Juyuan shared the same conception of the work over a period of several years.
Structure
Holoch stated that the book has action episodes, where a goal is conceived and the protagonist or someone on their behalf begins an action to a successful or non-successful conclusion, and non-action episodes. Holoch defines the beginning of a new action episode as whenever a new goal appears or when a new protagonist appears. According to Holoch, each episode may vary from 1 page to 30 pages and they are not distinctly marked off like a chapter would. They define a non-action episode as one without character movement or no action. The episode instead illustrates the setting. According to Holoch the work has 61 action episodes.
Characters
This novel has over 800 dramatis personæ. Within the action episodes, there are four types of protagonists present: civil officials/bureaucrats, people aspiring to become officials, people who are motivated by making money, and women. The bureaucrats include civil officials of all ranks, including army officers, clerks and aides, the warden, up to the governor. The aspirants wanting to become officials include one examination candidate, sons of officials, former petty bureaucrats, wealthy men, and the sons of wealthy men who have been spoiled by them. The female characters are dependents of male characters, wives, concubines, and/or are negatively affected by male characters.
Qu Nai'an (T: 瞿耐菴, S: 瞿耐庵, P: Qú Nài'ān, W: Ch'ü Nai-an) - A Man in their late forties who are married to a woman in the same age group. They do not have children, and Qu Nai'an decides to take a mistress.
Qu Nai'an's wife (C: 瞿太太, P: Qú-tàitai, W: Ch'ü tai-tai)
Reception
Donald Holoch wrote in the essay "A Novel of Setting: The Bureaucrats", published in The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, that Officialdom Unmasked is "A masterpiece of satirical writing so inexhaustibly inventive in terms of incident that it bears comparison with the plotting in any great Chinese novel." Holoch argued that the work "is an impressively coherent materialist critique, a serious interpretation of history; for its ideological power and its artistic achievement it deserves to be known in the West." Bruce Doar, author of a book review of The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, wrote that "Holoch's enthusiasm" for the work was "infectious".
Holoch believes that the novel manipulates characterization and the plot to emphasize the Chinese society's mercantile orientation and that the setting unifies the novel. Holoch argues it is "an impressively coherent materialistic critique, a serious interpretation of history". Holoch's paper analyzes the work in terms of "cycles", a group of four to nine thematic units. According to Holoch's analysis, each thematic unit, which serves as an episode in the story, illustrates a particular aspect of the social setting and is centered around a set of localities or a group of characters. Robert E. Hegel, author of a book review of The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century, wrote that Holoch "takes pains to show cause for their praise" even though the novel had been written by two men who had a single conception over a period of several years.
References
Doar, Bruce. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). The Australian Journal of Chinese Affairs, ISSN 0156-7365, 01/1982, Issue 7, pp. 199 – 201 (Available on JSTOR)
Doleželová-Velingerová, Milena. "Chapter 38: Fiction from the End of the Empire to the Beginning of the Republic (1897-1916)" in: Mair, Victor H. (editor). The Columbia History of Chinese Literature. Columbia University Press, August 13, 2013. p. 697-731. , 9780231528511.
Hegel, Robert E. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). Chinese Literature: Essays, Articles, Reviews (CLEAR), ISSN 0161-9705, 07/1983, Volume 5, Issue 1/2, pp. 188 – 191.
Holoch, Donald. "A Novel of Setting: The Bureaucrats" in: Doleželová-Velingerová, Milena (editor). The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century (Toronto: University of Toronto Press; January 1, 1980), , 9780802054739.
Yang, Xiaobin. The Chinese Postmodern: Trauma and Irony in Chinese Avant-garde Fiction. University of Michigan Press, 2002. , 9780472112418.
Yee, Cordell D. K. "The Chinese Novel at the Turn of the Century" (book review). Journal of Asian Studies, ISSN 0021-9118, 05/1982, Volume 41, Issue 3, p. 574
Notes
External links
Officialdom Unmasked - Columbia University Press
官場現形記 - Wikisource
Novels by Li Baojia
1901 novels
Novels first published in serial form
20th-century Chinese novels
Chinese novels adapted into television series
Bureaucracy in fiction
Hong Kong University Press books
Emmanuel Mensah (died 2017) was an American soldier from Ghana who died while saving people from a fire in The Bronx, New York City. A street was renamed after him.
References
Year of birth missing
2017 deaths
Ghanaian emigrants to the United States
New York National Guard personnel
Deaths from fire in the United States
Straight Goods was a Canadian online news magazine, usually publishing about twenty new stories every week. Publisher Ish Theilheimer founded it in 1999, with the support of about thirty shareholders.
Its first edition went online in January 2000. Publication ended in 2013, with some elements being absorbed into rabble.ca.
Overview
Straight Goods' slogan is "Saving you money - Protecting your rights - Untangling spin". In keeping with this slogan, civil and human rights, consumer information and media criticism appear in every weekly issue. As well, SG has at least one weekly column about the labour movement and a strong emphasis on environmental issues. Readers regularly find original articles by thinkers such as Mel Watkins, Stephen Lewis, Linda McQuaig, Armine Yalnizyan, Aaron Freeman, Gordon Guyatt, Cathy Crowe, Stewart Steinhauer and Charles Gordon, as well as "Hot Headlines", which are summaries and links to interesting articles in other publications.
Straight Goods is supported by sponsors, and individual subscribers and donors. A regular free bulletin is sent out by email and paid subscribers have access to an archive of nearly 7500 articles.
Affiliated sites
In 2007, Straight Goods added a family of new websites. HarperIndex.ca is devoted to analysis and criticism of the government of Stephen Harper, PublicValues.ca and its French sister site Valeurspubliques.ca are devoted to news around the maintenance of public services, and YourDailyClick.ca provides links to activist campaigns and online shopping sites endorsed by the magazine's editorial team.
The Straight Goods Blog was added in 2008.
Personnel
The magazine's editorial team is headed by editor Penney Kome and webmaster Michael Cowley-Owen, who has been the webmaster since the magazine's founding.
References
External links
Straight Goods
Online magazines published in Canada
Canadian political websites
Defunct political magazines published in Canada
Magazines established in 1999
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Online magazines with defunct print editions
1999 establishments in Canada
"War Paint" is a song co-written and recorded by Canadian country music artist Madeline Merlo for their debut studio album, Free Soul (2016). Merlo wrote the song with April Geesbreght and Eric Olson, the latter of whom also produced the track under the moniker EO. "War Paint" was serviced to Canadian country radio on June 24, 2016 as the fifth single from Free Soul.
Content
"War Paint" was inspired by Merlo's experience losing a friend to mental illness and features "more serious imagery and meaning" than their previous releases. The song is "about fighting for somebody going through a dark time," according to Merlo, and is "somewhat inspired by mental-health issues, but also about the people who have to take those things on." Lyrically, it describes the ways one stands by their loved ones in times of trouble, wearing their struggles "like war paint" so that they can fight together.
Reception
Critical
In a review of Free Soul, Nanci Degg of Canadian Beats wrote that "War Paint" is "one song that you want to play over and over again," adding that "its rhythm cannot be denied." Soundcheck Entertainment cited the song as an album highlight in an uncredited review, writing that "War Paint" is "one track that particularly shined through."
Commercial
"War Paint" debuted at number 46 on the Canada Country chart dated August 6, 2016. It reached a peak position of 13 on the chart dated November 5, 2016, earning Merlo their second consecutive top twenty radio single. "War Paint" also reached number 47 on the comprehensive Canada All-Format Airplay chart.
Music video
A special "unplugged" version of the song was recorded for the music video, which was produced by Rami Films under director Rami Mikhail. The video was released on June 10, 2016. Sounds Like Nashville complimented the stripped down version, writing "we didn't think it was possible, but we may love the song even more now."
Charts
References
2016 songs
2016 singles
Madeline Merlo songs
Open Road Recordings singles
Songs written by Madeline Merlo
Gandu () in Iran may refer to:
Gandu, Razavi Khorasan
Gandu, Sistan and Baluchestan
Kandu, Iran (disambiguation)
Mirza Hassan Khan Esfandiary, also known Hassan Esfandiary (1867–1945), was an Iranian politician and 12th chairperson of the Iranian parliament. They became Member of Parliament from Tehran and Mazandaran from 1934 to 1945. They were a minister in several cabinets of Iranian Prime ministers.
External links
Government ministers of Iran
1947 deaths
1867 births
Speakers of the National Consultative Assembly
Iranian monarchists
People from Nur, Iran
Members of the 10th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 11th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 12th Iranian Majlis
Members of the 13th Iranian Majlis
Weegena is a locality and small rural community in the local government areas of Meander Valley and Kentish in the North West region of Tasmania. It is located about south-east of the town of Devonport.
The 2016 census determined a population of 91 for the state suburb of Weegena.
History
The locality name is believed to mean “campfire” or “fireplace”, but other meanings have been suggested. It was previously known as Blackmore. The name was gazetted in 1965.
Geography
The Mersey River passes through the centre of the locality from east to west after forming part of the south-east boundary. It then forms the north-west boundary.
Road infrastructure
The C160 route (Weegena Road) enters the locality from the east, before turning north and exiting. The C159 route (Dynans Bridge Road) starts at an intersection with route C160 and exits to the north-west as it crosses the Mersey River.
References
Localities of Meander Valley Council
Localities of Kentish Council
Towns in Tasmania
Pucacuro National Reserve () is a protected area in Peru, located in the region of Loreto.
Geography
The reserve comprises the Pucacuro River basin, a forested area with hills, river terraces, seasonally flooded terrain, swamps, meandering rivers and ca. 40 oxbow lakes. Besides the Pucacuro River (a tributary of the Tigre River), other important rivers in the reserve are the Aleman and Baratillo rivers.
Ecology
The reserve is located in the Napo moist forests ecoregion.
Flora
Plant species present in the reserve include: Mauritia flexuosa, Oenocarpus bataua, Astrocaryum chambira, Iriartea deltoidea, Euterpe precatoria, Couma macrocarpa, Parahancornia peruviana, Ceiba pentandra, Socratea exorrhiza, Cedrela odorata, Vochysia lomatophylla, Simarouba amara, Calophyllum brasiliense, Cedrelinga cateniformis, Iryanthera macrophylla, Osteophloeum platyspermum, Ocotea aciphylla, etc.
References
External links
Pucacuro National Reserve. Profile at Protectedplanet.net
Reserved zones of Peru
Geography of Loreto Region
Oregon was admitted to the Union on February 14, 1859. Its current U.S. senators are Democrats Ron Wyden (serving since 1996) and Jeff Merkley (serving since 2009).
Prior to 1906, U.S. senators were elected by the Oregon Legislative Assembly. In 1904, Oregon voters passed a ballot measure that required U.S. senators to be selected by a popular vote and then endorsed by the state legislature. Beginning in 1914, U.S. senators were directly elected by popular vote on the basis of the 17th Amendment to the United States Constitution.
List of senators
|- style="height:2em"
! 1
| align=left | Delazon Smith
| | Democratic
| nowrap | February 14, 1859 –March 3, 1859
| Elected in 1859.Lost re-election.
| 1
|
| rowspan=3 | 1
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1859.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | February 14, 1859 –March 3, 1861
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | Joseph Lane
! rowspan=3 | 1
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 3, 1859 –October 1, 1860
| Legislature failed to elect.
| rowspan=7 | 2
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 2
| rowspan=2 align=left | Edward Dickinson Baker
| rowspan=2 | Republican
| rowspan=2 nowrap | October 1, 1860 –October 21, 1861
| rowspan=2 | Elected late in 1860.Died.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 2
| rowspan=6 | Election year unknown.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1861 –March 3, 1867
| rowspan=6 | Democratic
| rowspan=6 align=right | James Nesmith
! rowspan=6 | 2
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | October 21, 1861 –February 27, 1862
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 3
| align=left | Benjamin Stark
| | Democratic
| nowrap | February 27, 1862 – September 12, 1862
| Appointed to continue Baker's term.Retired when successor elected.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=2 | 4
| rowspan=2 align=left | Benjamin F. Harding
| rowspan=2 | Democratic
| rowspan=2 nowrap | September 12, 1862 –March 3, 1865
| rowspan=2 | Elected to finish Baker's term.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 align=left | George H. Williams
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1865 –March 3, 1871
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1864.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 3
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 3
| rowspan=3 | Election year unknown.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1867 –March 3, 1873
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Henry W. Corbett
! rowspan=3 | 3
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 6
| rowspan=3 align=left | James K. Kelly
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1871 –March 3, 1877
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1870.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 4
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 4
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1872.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1873 –March 3, 1879
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | John H. Mitchell
! rowspan=3 | 4
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 align=left | La Fayette Grover
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1877 –March 3, 1883
| rowspan=3 | Election year unknown.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 5
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 5
| rowspan=3 | Election year unknown.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1879 –March 3, 1885
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 align=right | James H. Slater
! rowspan=3 | 5
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=7 | 8
| rowspan=7 align=left | Joseph N. Dolph
| rowspan=7 | Republican
| rowspan=7 nowrap | March 4, 1883 –March 3, 1895
| rowspan=4 | Elected in 1882.
| rowspan=4 | 6
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 6
|
| nowrap | March 3, 1885 –November 18, 1885
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected late in 1885.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | November 18, 1885 –March 3, 1897
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | John H. Mitchell
! rowspan=6 | 6
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1888.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 7
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 7
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1890.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 9
| rowspan=4 align=left | George W. McBride
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=4 nowrap | March 4, 1895 –March 3, 1901
| rowspan=4 | Elected February 23, 1895.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=4 | 8
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 8
|
| nowrap | March 3, 1897 –October 7, 1898
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected late in 1898.Retired.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | October 7, 1898 –March 3, 1903
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Joseph Simon
! rowspan=3 | 7
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 align=left | John H. Mitchell
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1901 –December 8, 1905
| rowspan=3 | Elected February 24, 1901.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 9
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 9
| rowspan=6 | Elected February 21, 1903.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1903 –March 3, 1909
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Charles W. Fulton
! rowspan=6 | 8
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | December 8, 1905 –December 21, 1905
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 11
| align=left | John M. Gearin
| | Democratic
| nowrap | December 21, 1905 –January 23, 1907
| Appointed to continue Mitchell's term.Retired when successor elected.
|- style="height:2em"
! 12
| align=left | Frederick W. Mulkey
| | Republican
| nowrap | January 23, 1907 –March 3, 1907
| Elected to finish Mitchell's term.Retired.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 align=left | Jonathan Bourne Jr.
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1907 –March 3, 1913
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 22, 1907.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=3 | 10
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 10
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 19, 1909.
| rowspan=10 nowrap | March 4, 1909 –March 3, 1921
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
| rowspan=10 align=right | George E. Chamberlain
! rowspan=10 | 9
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 14
| rowspan=3 align=left | Harry Lane
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1913 –May 23, 1917
| rowspan=3 | Elected January 21, 1913.Died.
| rowspan=7 | 11
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=7 | 11
| rowspan=7 | Re-elected in 1914.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | May 23, 1917 –May 29, 1917
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 15
| align=left | Charles L. McNary
| | Republican
| nowrap | May 29, 1917 –November 5, 1918
| Appointed to continue Lane's term.Not elected to finish Lane's term.
|- style="height:2em"
! 16
| align=left | Frederick W. Mulkey
| | Republican
| nowrap | November 6, 1918 –December 17, 1918
| Elected to finish Lane's term.Resigned early to give successor preferential seniority.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=17 | 17
| rowspan=17 align=left | Charles L. McNary
| rowspan=17 | Republican
| rowspan=17 nowrap | December 18, 1918 –February 25, 1944
| Appointed to finish Lane/Mulkey's term, having already been elected to the next term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1918.
| rowspan=3 | 12
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 12
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1920.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 nowrap | March 4, 1921 –March 3, 1927
| rowspan=3 | Republican
| rowspan=3 align=right | Robert N. Stanfield
! rowspan=3 | 10
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1924.
| rowspan=3 | 13
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 13
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1926.
| rowspan=6 nowrap | March 4, 1927 –January 31, 1938
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 align=right | Frederick Steiwer
! rowspan=6 | 11
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1930.
| rowspan=3 | 14
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 14
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1932.Resigned.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected in 1936.
| rowspan=6 | 15
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | January 31, 1938 –February 1, 1938
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| Appointed to continue Steiwer's term.Retired when successor elected.
| nowrap | February 1, 1938 –November 9, 1938
| | Democratic
| align=right | Alfred E. Reames
! 12
|- style="height:2em"
| Elected to finish Steiwer's term.Retired.
| nowrap | November 9, 1938 –January 3, 1939
| | Republican
| align=right | Alexander G. Barry
! 13
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 15
| rowspan=5 | Elected in 1938.Lost renomination.
| rowspan=5 nowrap | January 3, 1939 –January 3, 1945
| rowspan=5 | Republican
| rowspan=5 align=right | Rufus C. Holman
! rowspan=5 | 14
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| Re-elected in 1942.Died.
| rowspan=5 | 16
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | February 25, 1944 –March 13, 1944
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=7 | 18
| rowspan=7 align=left | Guy Cordon
| rowspan=7 | Republican
| rowspan=7 nowrap | March 13, 1944 –January 3, 1955
| rowspan=3 | Appointed to continue McNary's term.Elected November 7, 1944 to finish McNary's term.
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 16
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1944.
| rowspan=16 nowrap | January 3, 1945 –January 3, 1969
| rowspan=4 | Republican
| rowspan=16 align=right | Wayne Morse
! rowspan=16 | 15
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1948.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=4 | 17
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=4 | 17
| rowspan=4 | Re-elected in 1950.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Independent
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 align=left | Richard L. Neuberger
| rowspan=3 | Democratic
| rowspan=3 nowrap | January 3, 1955 –March 9, 1960
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1954.Died.
| rowspan=6 | 18
|
| rowspan=10 | Democratic
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=6 | 18
| rowspan=6 | Re-elected in 1956.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=3 | Vacant
| nowrap | March 9, 1960 –March 23, 1960
|
|- style="height:2em"
! 20
| align=left | Hall S. Lusk
| | Democratic
| nowrap | March 23, 1960 –November 9, 1960
| Appointed to continue Neuberger's term.Retired when successor elected.
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=4 | 21
| rowspan=4 align=left | Maurine Neuberger
| rowspan=4 | Democratic
| rowspan=4 nowrap | November 9, 1960 –January 3, 1967
| Elected to finish their husband's term.
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Elected to full term in 1960.Retired.
| rowspan=3 | 19
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 19
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1962.Lost re-election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=17 | 22
| rowspan=17 align=left | Mark Hatfield
| rowspan=17 | Republican
| rowspan=17 nowrap | January 3, 1967 –January 3, 1997
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1966.Didn't take seat until January 10, 1967, as they wanted to finish their term as Governor of Oregon. However, they were still elected and qualified as senator.
| rowspan=3 | 20
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 20
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1968.
| rowspan=14 nowrap | January 3, 1969 –October 1, 1995
| rowspan=14 | Republican
| rowspan=14 align=right | Bob Packwood
! rowspan=14 | 16
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1972.
| rowspan=3 | 21
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 21
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1974.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1978.
| rowspan=3 | 22
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 22
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1980.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1984.
| rowspan=3 | 23
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 23
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1986.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=5 | Re-elected in 1990.Retired.
| rowspan=5 | 24
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=5 | 24
| rowspan=2 | Re-elected in 1992.Resigned.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| nowrap | October 1, 1995 –February 5, 1996
| colspan=3 | Vacant
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=2 | Elected January 30, 1996 to finish Packwood's term.
| rowspan=14 nowrap | February 5, 1996 –Present
| rowspan=14 | Democratic
| rowspan=14 align=right | Ron Wyden
! rowspan=14 | 17
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=6 | 23
| rowspan=6 align=left | Gordon Smith
| rowspan=6 | Republican
| rowspan=6 nowrap | January 3, 1997 –January 3, 2009
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 1996.
| rowspan=3 | 25
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 25
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 1998.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2002.Lost re-election.
| rowspan=3 | 26
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 26
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2004.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
! rowspan=9 | 24
| rowspan=9 align=left | Jeff Merkley
| rowspan=9 | Democratic
| rowspan=9 nowrap | January 3, 2009 –Present
| rowspan=3 | Elected in 2008.
| rowspan=3 | 27
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 27
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2010.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2014.
| rowspan=3 | 28
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3 | 28
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2016.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| rowspan=3 | Re-elected in 2020.
| rowspan=3 | 29
|
|- style="height:2em"
|
| rowspan=3|29
| rowspan=3 colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2022 election.
|- style="height:2em"
|
|- style="height:2em"
| colspan=5 | To be determined in the 2026 election.
| 30
|
Living former senators
, there are two living former U.S. senators from Oregon. The most recent and most recently serving senator to die was Mark Hatfield (served 1967–1997) on August 7, 2011.
Superlatives
Longest service
Shortest service
Youngest at beginning of service
Oldest at end of service
See also
United States congressional delegations from Oregon
List of United States representatives from Oregon
References
External links
United States Senators
Oregon
The flag of Dayton is the municipal banner of the city of Dayton, Ohio, in the United States. The current flag was adopted on December 15, 2021 and created by Dayton design and marketing firm Catapult Creative. The cost to the city for the design and an accompanying video was $4,300.00 USD.
Design
The design was partly inspired by the wings of the Wright Flyer, keeping with the theme of including the flyer on the flag, but incorporated the idea in an abstract way. Bands at 19.5° break the flag into three sections in a direction from hoist side to fly side. The bottom hoist side features a green band to the edge representing Dayton's nickname as the "Gem City" and to "showcase our reputation [...] as a community centered on grit and tenacity." A dark blue band starting at 1/2 the length of the canton to with the bottom edge of the band terminating at the bottom corner of the fly side represents the waterways of Dayton. The top third features a pattern of light blue and partial white stripes where the light blue represents the sky, and the partial stripes creates a pattern of five bars for the five rivers in the Dayton area.
Flag design ideas were submitted by the public, including 10% from Dayton Public Schools where Cleveland Elementary submitted the largest numbers as identified by the Mayor's office. Design ideas were reviewed by a committee to select seven final designs, and the City Commission selected the final three. Catapult Creative was hired to survey the public for their opinions on the final designs and then create a flag using that feedback.
History
Griep flag
Dayton adopted its first flag on August 1, 1917. It was a vertical triband divided into two vertical bands of deep orange on either side and a larger band of white down the middle. The middle band contained a navy blue silhouette of a Wright Flyer encircled in rings of orange and navy blue, representing the globe. The name "DAYTON" was inscribed within the rings in navy blue. The flag was designed the previous year by Mabel Griep, an assistant art teacher at Steele High School who was childhood friends with Katharine Wright, sister of the Wright brothers. According to Griep, the blue represented loyalty, the white represented civic righteousness, and orange represented agricultural resources.
The same city ordinance that specified the flag also specified a city pennant, similarly a triband of deep orange and white. The white band contained the name "DAYTON", set in navy blue lettering decreasing in size from mast to fly.
Spahr–Kress flag
On January 23, 1956, the Dayton Area Chamber of Commerce urged the city commission to consider replacing the flag, then held a contest to choose the replacement in 1958. On June 11, 1958, a six-person committee selected a combination of two designs by Michael J. Spahr and Karen Kress. It commemorated the Wright brothers, who lived in Dayton. The flag was set against a royal blue field. It featured a royal blue Wright Flyer superimposed on a gray globe with white graticule lines, representing the aviation industry's global reach. The globe was surrounded by a white cogwheel, representing Dayton as a manufacturing hub. The name "DAYTON" was inscribed along the mast in white, slab serif lettering.
2020 redesign
In 2018, Mayor Nan Whaley convened a committee to replace the flag after hearing a TED talk by Roman Mars. From October 1 to December 9, 2019, the 20-person committee received 312 proposals mostly from residents of the Miami Valley area. The committee required submissions to have a proportion of 1:1.67 and adhere to the North American Vexillological Association's five principles of flag design. In 2020, the city commission and mayor selected three finalists. The three finalists were Elizabeth Adams, Cecelia Freeman and Larry Collins. Based on public feedback, either one of the finalists would be selected as the new flag, or a graphic designer would incorporate the finalists' designs into a new design.
Usage
Dayton's flag flies outside several public institutions, including City Hall and the Dayton Metro Library's main library.
Similar flags
The flag of surrounding Montgomery County also features a Wright Flyer.
References
External links
Specification of the city flag in the Dayton Code of Ordinances
Dayton, Ohio
Dayton
Dayton, Ohio
Dayton, Ohio
Dayton, Ohio
1917 establishments in Ohio
1958 establishments in Ohio
Wright brothers
The Tidewater Railway was formed in 1904 as an intrastate railroad in Virginia, in the United States, by William N. Page, a civil engineer and entrepreneur, and their silent partner, millionaire industrialist Henry Huttleston Rogers of Standard Oil fame. It was put together with the intention of creating an outlet to Hampton Roads, where coal mined along their older West Virginia short-line railroad, the Deepwater Railway, could be exported.
In 1907, the Tidewater Railway was renamed the "Virginian Railway". A short time later, the Virginian Railway acquired its sister, the Deepwater Railway. Before the Tidewater division of the Virginian was linked to the Deepwater line, it played an important role, in conjunction with the regional Norfolk and Southern Railway, in transporting thousands of people to the Jamestown Exposition of 1907, an event marking the three-hundredth anniversary of the founding of the British colony at Jamestown. It took two years to complete, but in 1909, both portions (the Tidewater portion and the Deepwater portion) were finally completed, and coal exports, from a new coal pier at Sewell's Point, began.
In 1959, the Virginian Railway was merged with the Norfolk and Western Railway. This was the first major U.S. railroad merger of the last half of the twentieth century, an era of rampant mergers, acquisitions, and consolidations among the American railroads.
See also
See Link here for Additional Information about the Virginia Railway
Reference
Defunct Virginia railroads
Predecessors of the Virginian Railway
Railway companies established in 1904
Railway companies disestablished in 1907
St Mary Magdalene's Church is a redundant Anglican church standing close to the river on the north bank of the Thames, near the village of Boveney, Buckinghamshire, England. It is about to the west of Eton College. The church, dedicated to Jesus' companion Mary Magdalene, is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building, and is under the care of the Friends of Friendless Churches. A 360° Google Street View Tour of the church is available.
Early history
A church has been on the site since before the Norman conquest, but the fabric of the present church dates from the 12th century. Windows and the tower were added in the 15th century. The church was built to serve the bargemen working on the River Thames; there was a quay alongside the church but there are now no remains of this. It was a chapel of ease to St Peter's Church, Burnham. An attempt to make it into a separate parish in 1737 failed because sufficient endowment could not be raised. Probably in the middle of the 19th century, a dado of bricks was added to the exterior in an attempt to keep out damp, and in 1897 the window tracery was replaced.
Architecture
St Mary's in constructed in flint and chalk rubble, with ashlar dressings. Small fragments of flint have been inserted in the mortar; this process is partly functional and partly decorative, and is known as galletting. The tower is weatherboarded; it stands on a timber framework, which itself stands on the ground. The door is in the south wall. High in the west wall is a small narrow lancet window that probably dates from the 12th century. Inside the church, some of the original 15th-century pews are still present. Other fittings date from the 18th and 19th centuries. Contained in a glass-fronted box on the north wall of the church are fragments of painted and gilded alabaster sculptures, possibly dating from the 15th century; these depict biblical themes. There is a ring of three bells. The largest of these dates from about 1536 and was cast at the foundry in Reading; the other two bells were cast in 1631 and 1636 by Ellis I. Knight.
Recent history and present day
The church was declared redundant in 1975, and it was planned to demolish it or convert it into residential accommodation. However following a local campaign, it passed into the care of the charity the Friends of Friendless Churches in 1983. The charity holds a 999-year lease with effect from 10 June 1983. The church is still consecrated, and has been used for occasional services since 1983. However the church then had to be closed because it was found that the tower had become unstable, and repair was essential. When 19th-century plaster was removed from the footings of the tower, it was found that they were almost completely rotten. The cost of the repair totalled £200,000. Of this, 70% was received as a grant from English Heritage, and the remainder was raised from a number of sources. These included Sir John Smith and the Francis Coales Charitable Foundation, and Eton College who donated the proceeds of their annual "Concert for the Choir". The repair of the tower has been completed, and in 2010–11 another round of repairs is underway, including work on the windows. The repair work carried out on the tower won the Royal Institute of British Architects South Conservation Award for Architects in 2005.
References
12th-century church buildings in England
Towers completed in the 15th century
Grade I listed churches in Buckinghamshire
Churches preserved by the Friends of Friendless Churches
Church of England church buildings in Buckinghamshire
Mark Lythgoe (born 17 December 1962) is a British neurophysiologist, and the founder and director of the Centre for Advanced Biomedical Imaging (CABI) at University College London (UCL), where they are professor of biomedical imaging.
Early life
They attended St Augustine's Catholic Grammar School in Wythenshawe (became St John Plessington High School in 1977 then St Paul's Catholic High School in 1984).
Lythgoe earned a master's degree in Behavioural Sciences from the University of Surrey in 1993, followed by a PhD in biophysics from University College London.
Career
Lythgoe has authored more than 200 papers, in journals including Nature and The Lancet.
In 2015, Lythgoe was director of the Cheltenham Science Festival, and was awarded the Neuroscience Prize for Public Understanding from the British Neuroscience Association, "as someone epitomising the best of public engagement".
They have an h-index of 52.
References
Living people
1962 births
Alumni of the University of Surrey
Alumni of University College London
Academics of University College London
British neuroscientists
Neurophysiologists
People in health professions from Manchester
People from Wythenshawe
Route 7 was a bus route operated by the Maryland Transit Administration in Baltimore. The line, which operated between 1959 and 2017, ran from Canton, Baltimore to the Mondawmin Metro Subway Station, serving the communities of Butcher's Hill, Little Italy, and Sandtown-Winchester.
History
The bus route is the successor to the 18 Canton, 18 Pennsylvania Avenue, and Hudson Street streetcar lines; the Pennsylvania Avenue Line was the second streetcar line in Baltimore. Between 1893 and 1931, the Route 7 designation was used for a streetcar that operated between Govanstown and Irvington as a short-turn version of the No. 8 Streetcar. The no. 7 designation was not given to this route until 1959, when it was combined with the Reisterstown Road bus, which at that time had that designation.
The Baltimore City Passenger Railway opened a line along Baltimore Street, Greene Street, Pennsylvania Avenue, and Cumberland Street to Boundary Avenue (now North Avenue) on August 24, 1859. The line was later extended along North Avenue, McCulloh Street, and Cloverdale Road to Madison Avenue, and through-routed to Canton (via Baltimore Street, Broadway, Bank Street, and other streets) as the Green Line. The line was electrified in 1894 and numbered Route 18 in 1899.
Bus Route L began serving Reisterstown Road to Pikesville on July 3, 1929. On June 27, 1948, it was combined with Route 5 as Route 5/7; Route 7 trips were extended downtown along Druid Hill Avenue, where Route 5 had run as a streetcar line until then. Route 18 was replaced by buses on June 8, 1952, and on September 6, 1959 it was absorbed into Route 7, which was shifted from Druid Hill Avenue to Pennsylvania Avenue.
Soon after the Metro Subway opened, Route 7 was truncated on June 18, 1984 to its current terminal at Mondawmin station during the subway's operating hours. One new route - Route M-2 - was formed beyond Mondawmin, along Reisterstown Road to Old Court Road at Pikesville. It was extended to the Old Court Metro Subway Station on August 31, 1987, soon after that station opened. Route 7 was truncated full-time to Mondawmin in 2001, when subway and Route M-2 hours were extended.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, MTA planned to eliminate Route 7 completely and require riders to walk a few blocks to other nearby routes. Due to public outcry, this line remained intact. In future proposed phases of GBBI, plans were in place to reduce the frequency or change the routing of Route 7, but no such changes were made.
On June 18, 2017 as part of the BaltimoreLink transit overhaul Route 7 will be divided into multiple routes. CityLink Lime will take over the upper part of the Pennsylvania Avenue section of Route 7, LocalLink 65 will take over the Pratt and Lombard Streets to Canton part of Route 7, and LocalLink 73 will take over the lower part of Pennsylvania Avenue to Paca and Greene Streets part of Route 7.
Rosewood service
Between 1970 and 2000, a special service using the no. 7 (or 7X) designation operated for the employees of Rosewood Center in Owings Mills. The service has started to replace Route H service operated by experimental Job Express Transit in 1969. Rosewood trips shared parts of the regular route of Route 7, including some parts in which limited stops were made, hence an express designation.
In 1997, a new Route M-17 was formed. Route M-17 started as a replacement for special branches of Routes M-9 and M-16, which were combined at the time.
The initial proposal was for the 7 Rosewood branch to be discontinued except on Sundays, and the new Route M-17 to serve Rosewood on weekdays and Saturdays. But public outcry resulted in the 7 Rosewood service being retained. When Route M-17 was first introduced in 1997, it did not serve Rosewood at all, and simply operated between the Business Center at Owings Mills and the Owings Mills Corporate Campus. But a year later, Route M-17 was modified to serve Rosewood as well as the T. Rowe Price Owings Mills campus. Later in 1998, Route M-17 had another addition in which service to the ADP building on Red Run Boulevard, providing service to other office buildings that would eventually be built along Red Run. Midday service to Red Run existed briefly in 1999, but was discontinued due to low ridership.
In 2001, the 7 Rosewood service was redesignated Route 102. Routing was also modified to serve the Owings Mills Metro Subway Station. The name change was not free of controversy.
In 2005, as part of the Greater Baltimore Bus Initiative, Route 102 was discontinued. Low ridership and a heavy burden on taxpayers was cited as the reason. Additional trips were added on Route M-17 to accommodate riders of Route 102, including late night and weekend service. Other parts of Route M-17 that had low ridership were also discontinued, including those to the Owings Mills Corporate Campus and T. Rowe Price.
On August 30, 2009, following the closure of Rosewood, Route M-17 was discontinued and the Red Run Portion was absorbed by the 59. No replacement was made for any service north of Reisterstown Road.
In popular culture
The no. 7 bus is found in the novel Woodholme By DeWayne Wickham. In this book, the main characters have a driver catch them up to a no. 7 bus on Reisterstown Road.
References
External links
Route 7 Map and schedule, effective February 7, 2010
Route 007
1959 establishments in Maryland
Werner Josef Reiterer (born 27 January 1968 in Hohenems, Vorarlberg) is an Austrian-born retired discus thrower and shot putter from Australia, who represented the latter at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988 (Seoul, South Korea). Their best result was winning the title in the men's discus throw at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada. Reiterer is an eight-time national champion in the discus throw.
In their book 'Positive' they admitted to five years of performance-enhancing drug use, but claimed they only used them later in their career.
Achievements
All results concerning discus throw
References
Werner Reiterer at Australian Athletics Historical Results
External links
1968 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Vorarlberg
Austrian emigrants to Australia
Australian male discus throwers
Australian male shot putters
Athletes (track and field) at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Australia
Athletes (track and field) at the 1986 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1990 Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games bronze medallists for Australia
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Australian sportspeople in doping cases
Doping cases in Australian track and field
People from Hohenems
Beer in Hungary has been brewed for well over a thousand years and the country has a significant history of commercial beer production.
Etymology
The Hungarian word for beer is sör. The word itself is of Oghuric origin. The word was most probably borrowed by the Hungarians in the era before the conquest of Hungary.
History
The first commercial brewery in Hungary was established in Buda in 1845 by Peter Schmidt. During the heyday of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the Kőbánya district of Budapest became the centre of Hungary's brewing industry. The Dreher brewery is named after Anton Dreher, the creator of the Vienna lager style. They created the brewery in Budapest in 1862 and it came to dominate the Hungarian market before the Second World War.
Breweries
Today, Hungary has four large commercial brewers which produce mainly light lagers () and German-style dark beers (bocks, ).
Lately, some microbreweries have also set up in Hungary, such as Fóti, Legenda, Monyó, Csupor or Mad Scientist. In the 2010s, a lively craft beer scene evolved, with numerous local breweries, festivals and bottleshops.
Economy
In the 1980s, beer consumption was roughly 100 litres per person, but since then it has declined to nearer seventy.Pale lager has about 90% of sales.
Culture
In Hungary, people traditionally do not clink their glasses or mugs when drinking beer. There is an urban legend in Hungarian culture that Austrian generals clinked their beer glasses to celebrate the execution of the 13 Martyrs of Arad in 1849. Many people still follow the tradition, although younger people often disavow it, citing that the vow was only meant to last 150 years.
See also
Beer and breweries by region
National symbols of Hungary
References
External links
Beer
Innocence is a bestselling horror novel by Jane Mendelsohn, first released on August 28, 2000 through Riverhead Books. It tells the coming-of-age story of a teenage girl named Beckett, and addresses themes of innocence, loss, mental illness, sexuality, and femininity.
Synopsis
Beckett is a teenage girl who moves to Manhattan with their father after the tragic death of their mother; at their new school, they are fascinated by three popular girls and the beautiful school nurse. Soon thereafter, the bloody bodies of the three girls are discovered near Beckett's apartment—seemingly the latest in their school's dark history of suicides. The school nurse begins dating Beckett's father, and Beckett is plagued by disturbing dreams featuring the three dead girls. As they grapple with the death of their mother, the tragedies at their school, and the incipience of their menstruation, they find themselves wrapped up in a media-saturated world of mixed messages, in which beauty is everything and the arrival of womanhood is equated to the loss of innocence. Mendelsohn employs the literary device of the unreliable narrator, leaving the reader uncertain of what's real and what's imagined as Beckett travels deeper and deeper into a world in which mysterious women drink the menstrual blood of virgins to maintain their youth and beauty—and Beckett becomes certain that they're coming for them
Reception
Critical reception for Innocence was mixed. Publishers Weekly's Stephanie Feldman has listed the book as one of their "10 Creepiest Books." The Boston Globe and Library Journal both praised Innocence, with The Boston Sunday Globe writing, "Borrowing classic ingredients from the genres of horror films and popular literature, Mendelsohn has concocted a coming-of-age tale about a Manhattan girl's adolescence; this is a story of innocence, all right, but that nebulous concept today means finding your way in a media-saturated, sometimes dangerous culture…. Like Jeffrey Eugenides's The Virgin Suicides and Jay McInerney's Bright Lights, Big City, Mendelsohn's story muffles its death and sorrow in terminal irony."
Kirkus Reviews also praised the book: “Invoking a battery of analogues favoring the pop-culture heros of Alice in Wonderland, The Wizard of Oz, Lolita, and Halloween, Mendelsohn isolates their plucky hero so fearfully via sparse paragraphs and an underpeopled world that even the most preposterous threats leap out of the move frame to fuel a shriek of pure paranoia. Must reading for anybody who thinks teenagers today have gotten bloated with entitlement: a scarlet will-o'-the-wisp fantasy in which adults and adulthood aren't stupid stiffs but agents of unimaginable evil.” The Village Voice wrote, “Innocence is a kind of Rosemary's Baby channeled through J.D. Salinger….It's a graceful, delusionary teenage thriller unusually in touch with young character's emotional workings, and, at the same time, a book by someone who clearly understands the tricks that make Stephen King's pages turn.”
The Baltimore Sun called Innocence “A brilliant gothic tale…a harrowing cry of anguish, the siren song of a generation that believes continuing to live beyond one's teens is a matter of ambiguous choice." Newsday said, “This dark and gothically twisted novel gives us the city as a wicked stepmother's poisonous fruit, its beauty baneful, its sweetness deadly…. Mendelsohn's genius lies in their ability to keep both the fantastical and the ordinary in focus at the same time...a brilliant balancing act, a truly thrilling read.”
Innocence grapples with themes of female adolescence, and addresses the fraught nature of menarche in a culture filled with mixed messages about beauty, sexuality, and innocence. Its critical reception reflects the culture and time in which it was released; its messages surrounding menstruation can be considered prescient, reflecting more recent movements of menstrual reclamation and female empowerment. The book continues to receive online attention and praise from readers discovering it years after its publication.
Film
A film adaptation was screened at the Austin Film Festival in 2013 and received a limited theatrical release on 5 September, 2014. The movie was written and directed by Hilary Brougher, and starred Sophie Curtis as Beckett and Kelly Reilly as Pamela.
The film diverged significantly from the plot and themes of the novel: most notably, it does not include the book's central focus on menarche and menstruation.
References
2000 American novels
American horror novels
American novels adapted into films
Pohjola is a place in Finnish mythology.
Pohjola may also refer to:
Places
Pohjola, Turku
3606 Pohjola, asteroid
Surname
Pohjola (surname), Finnish surname
Companies and groups
Pohjola Bank, Finnish company, precursor of OP Financial Group
Pohjola Insurance Company (Palovakuutus-Osakeyhtiö Pohjola), Finnish company, precursor of OP Financial Group
Pohjola-Norden, Finnish name for Foreningen Norden
Other
Pohjola Stadion, former name of Myyrmäen jalkapallostadion in Vantaa
See also
Pohjolan Liikenne, Finnish company
Pohjolan Sanomat, Finnish newspaper
Pohjolan Voima, Finnish company
The Mischer Neuroscience Institute is a combined research and education effort between the Vivian L. Smith Department of Neurosurgery and the Department of Neurology at McGovern Medical School at UTHealth Houston and Memorial Hermann Hospital. Located in Houston, the Institute draws patients from around the world for specialized treatment of diseases of the brain and spine. It was the first center in Texas and one of only a few institutions in the country to fully integrate neurology, neurosurgery, neuroradiology, neuro-oncology, spine surgery, pain medicine and neurorehabilitation.
Specialties
As the first stroke program in Texas to meet The Joint Commission's standards for Comprehensive Stroke Center certification, the Institute stands among a limited group of providers focused on complex stroke care. This comprehensive, integrated approach led to the creation of one of the Southwest's largest epilepsy programs, a highly ranked neurotrauma program, a cerebrovascular center where affiliated physicians treat more aneurysms and arteriovenous malformations than any other center in the region, an established pediatric neurosurgery program in collaboration with Children's Memorial Hermann Hospital and The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, a spinal neurosurgery and reconstructive peripheral nerve surgery program and a Brain Tumor Center where physicians diagnose and treat hundreds of new tumor patients each year. Affiliated physicians are also treating multiple sclerosis, movement disorders, neurocognitive disorders, memory disorders and dementia, neuromuscular disorders, chronic pain and traumatic brain injury.
Innovation at the Institute
Mischer Neuroscience Institute has a strong history of firsts:
The first center to discover a genetic mutation linked to intracranial aneurysms.
The first stroke program in Texas and the only one in the region to meet The Joint Commission's rigorous standards for Comprehensive Stroke Center certification. In 2018, the Stroke Center at Memorial Hermann-TMC became the first Comprehensive Stroke Center-Integrated System, a new certification created by The Joint Commission specifically for Memorial Hermann.
Site of the first single-center clinical trial for recurrent medulloblastoma, ependymoma and atypical teratoid-rhabdoid tumors using the direct infusion of chemotherapy into the fourth ventricle; the first trial of infusion of 5-AZA into the fourth ventricle or resection cavity in children with recurrent posterior fossa ependymoma; and the first trial of combination intraventricular chemotherapy (methotrexate and etoposide) infusions into the fourth ventricle or resection cavity in children with recurrent posterior fossa brain tumors.
The first neurosurgery center to offer all advanced modalities of treatment for complex lesions: expert microsurgery, interventional neuroradiology/endovascular surgery and Gamma Knife® radiosurgery.
The first hospital in the south-central United States and one of only a few in the country offering intra-arterial chemotherapy for retinoblastoma, the most modern treatment for the disease.
The first in Texas to use robotic stereoencephalography (SEEG) for 3-D mapping of epileptic seizures.
The first in Houston to offer amyloid imaging, a diagnostic tool that enables physicians to diagnose Alzheimer's disease.
The North American leader in studies of primary progressive multiple sclerosis and the most active center in Texas in the conduct of organized clinical trials of new therapies for MS.
The first facility in Houston and one of the first in the United States to test the clot- dissolving drug tPA for acute stroke.
One of the first centers in the nation to offer MR-guided laser interstitial thermal therapy (MRgLITT) using the Visualase™ system for the treatment of well-delineated focal epilepsies.
The first center in the region to use the NeuroPace® RNS® System, an FDA-approved technique for responsive neurostimulation to treat adults with medication-resistant epilepsy.
The first in the region to inject human central nervous system stem cells into the spines of spinal cord injury patients.
Education
Through its affiliation with McGovern Medical School at UTHealth Houston Neurosciences, Mischer Neuroscience Institute is associated with both neurosurgery and neurology residencies and fellowships. UTHealth Houston Residents and fellows can benefit from participation in cutting-edge research and caring for patients with a broad range of neurological disorders in the nation's largest medical center.
The Neurosurgery Residency Program offered by the Vivian L. Smith Department of Neurosurgery is a seven-year program that accepts three PGY residents per year. Residents are individually mentored, evaluated and promoted, and are also regularly asked to evaluate the program and participate in its continual improvement. The program offers one of the largest neurosurgical caseloads in the United States, with more than 4,600 surgical cases per year. Neurosurgical fellowships include cerebrovascular/skull base, neurocritical care, neuroendovascular surgery, stroke and interventional stroke track, multiple sclerosis, movement disorders, neuro-oncology, neuromuscular, epilepsy and spinal and peripheral nerve surgery.
The Department of Neurology provides medical education opportunities in clinical neurology at the undergraduate, graduate and postgraduate levels of training. The Neurology Residency Training Program prepares physicians for the independent practice of neurology. Neurological fellowships are available in clinical neurophysiology (EEG, EEG/video monitoring, EMG, and evoked potentials), vascular neurology, epilepsy, movement disorders, multiple sclerosis/neurovirology, neuroimmunology and neuropsychology.
Research
Physicians affiliated with Mischer Neuroscience Institute and McGovern Medical School are engaged in research program focused on the mechanisms, treatment and cure of neurological disease and injury. Research is supported by the National Institutes of Health, the Vivian L. Smith Foundation for Neurologic Disease, the American Stroke Association and other granting agencies. Investigations cover all major areas of neurological disease.
UTHealth Houston Neurosciences Clinics
UTHealth Houston Neurosciences medical clinics are located both in the Texas Medical Center and throughout the Greater Houston area. The clinics provide 24/7 neuroscience coverage to the city of Houston and outlying suburbs and communities. Clinics are located in the Texas Medical Center, Houston's Greater Heights, Humble, Katy, Memorial City, Pearland, Southeast Houston, Southwest Houston and Sugar Land. UTHealth Houston Neurosciences also includes clinics that bring together specialists who focus on treating brain tumors, spine disorders, movement disorders, radiation oncology, pain management, epilepsy and seizure disorders, memory disorders, nerve and neuromuscular disorders, and pediatric neurology and neurosurgery.
References
External links
UTHealth Neurosciences Staff Directory
Department of Neurology, UTHealth Medical School
Vivian L. Smith Department of Neurosurgery, UTHealth Medical School
Hospitals in Houston
Neuroscience research centers in the United States
Research institutes in Texas
Johnnie Walker is a 1992 Indian Malayalam-language film directed by Jayaraj and written by Ranjith. Mammootty appeared in the lead along with a set of youngsters. The story centres around a middle aged man who joins the same college that their younger brother studies at.
Plot
Mammootty's character, Johnny Varghese is fondly known as Johnnie Walker because of their preference of the alcohol brand of the same name, Johnnie Walker. They have a brother Bobby Varghese who studies in Bangalore for a degree in Economics. A visit from their brother and friends changes Johnnie's mind and they join college despite their age. From there they clash with Swamy who rules the college with their drug gang. Because of their love towards their brother Bobby, Johnny joins their college as a student and they start living together. Soon they become the hero of the college as well as rival to Swamy and their gang. Bobby falls in love with their classmate Chandini, who is a depressed girl, as they are an adopted child to their parents. Chandini gets introduced to drugs by Swamy and eventually gets hospitalised. Johnny suffers from weakening eyesight and realizes that they will soon lose their vision completely; because of which they want to get Bobby married and pleads Chandini's parents for the same. They agree after hearing about their predicament. On the night of the wedding, Bobby is killed by Swamy and their gang. When Johnny learns of their brother's death, they kill Swamy and Didi, the leader of the gang. In the end, Johnny loses their sight completely, meets with an accident and dies.
Cast
Mammootty as Johny Varghese
Ranjitha as Mridula, lecturer
Kamal Gaur as Swamy the drug dada of College
Jeet Upendra as Bobby Varghese
Rani (Tamil actor) as Chandini
Manian Pilla Raju as Professor
Sankaradi as Principal
Prem Kumar as Bobby's friend
Gopal Poojari as Didi
Thrissur Elsy as Hostel Warden
Sukumari as Mridula's mother
Abu Salim
Augustine as Drug mafia member
Hakim Rawther as Drug mafia member
Kuthiravattom Pappu as Priest
Prem Prakash as Coach Mohana Krishan
Jagathi Sreekumar as Police Constable
Soman as Doctor
T. S. Krishnan as Hassan
T. P. Madhavan as Chandini's father
Robin Verghese as Shelly
Neelakandan Natrajan as Kuttappayi
Music
The song Shanthamee Ratriyil was choreographed by Prabhudeva , their Malayalam debut.
References
External links
Kamal Gaur Return to 'M' town at TOI
1990s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by Jayaraj
The 1979 Australian Sports Car Championship was a CAMS sanctioned motor racing title for drivers of Group D Production Sports Cars. It was the eleventh Australian Sports Car Championship and the fourth to be restricted to cars complying with Group D regulations.
The championship was won by Ross Mathieson driving a Porsche Carrera.
Schedule
The championship was contested over four rounds.
Class structure
Cars competed in two engine capacity classes:
Up to and including 2000cc
Over 2000cc
Points system
Championship points were awarded on a 9-6-4-3-2-1 basis for the first six places in each class at each round and on a 4-3-2-1 basis for the first four outright places at each round.
For Round 1, the round results, on which championship points were awarded, were determined by allocating race points on a 20-16-13-11-10-9-8-9-7-6-5-4-3-2-1 for the first 14 outright places in each race and aggregating the points for each driver. Where more than one driver attained the same total, the superior round position was awarded to the higher placed driver in the second race.
Results
References
External links
Christopher de Fraga, Last Dash Win for Mathieson, The Age, 28 May 1979, news.google.com
Image of Ross Mathieson and John Gourlay at Winton in 1979, www.motorsportarchive.com
Australian Sports Car Championship
Sports Car Championship
Bălțătești is a commune in Neamț County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bălțătești, Valea Arini, and Valea Seacă. It also included Ghindăoani village until 2003, when it was split off to form Ghindăoani Commune.
The commune is situated north of the county seat, Piatra Neamț, on the national road leading to Fălticeni and Suceava.
Bălțătești has several sources of mineral waters used for disease treatment purposes, a hotel and medical facilities. The natural landscape and the surroundings makes it a tourist destination.
The Bălțătești mine is a large salt mine situated on the administrative territory of the commune.
Natives
Vasile Conta
References
Communes in Neamț County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Willow Creek is a tributary, about long, of the Deschutes River in central Oregon in the United States. Arising near Foley Butte in the western Ochoco Mountains in Crook County, it flows generally northwest into Jefferson County and through the Crooked River National Grassland. The creek continues through the city of Madras and becomes the dividing line between two plateaus, Agency Plains and Little Agency Plains. It then enters the Deschutes above Pelton Dam and its impoundment, Lake Simtustus, about from the river's confluence with the Columbia River.
Named tributaries from source to mouth are Higgins, Coon, Newbill, and McMeen creeks followed by Dry Canyon. The creek and its tributaries support populations of redband trout, largescale sucker, bridgelip sucker, and longnose dace.
See also
List of Oregon rivers
References
External links
Rivers of Crook County, Oregon
Rivers of Jefferson County, Oregon
Rivers of Oregon
Madras, Oregon
The Coordination Council for the Transfer of Power (; ), known often as the Coordination Council, is a Belarusian non-governmental body created by presidential candidate Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya to facilitate a democratic transfer of power. The Council, founded during the 2020 Belarusian protests in response to the disputed 2020 Belarusian presidential election, has 64 core members () with a 7-member leadership presidium.
The first meeting of the Council took place on 18 August. From late August to mid-October, Tsikhanouskaya and several of the presidium members were arrested or chose to exile themselves from Belarus, fearing repression by Belarusian security forces. As of , Lithuania recognizes the CCTP as the sole legitimate government of Belarus.
History
Creation
The formation of the Coordination Council was announced on 14 August in a video released by Tsikhanouskaya. In the video, they also claimed that they had received between 60 and 70% of the vote in the 9 August presidential election, more than enough for an outright victory over longtime president Alexander Lukashenko. They appealed to the international community to recognise them as the winner. Tsikhanouskaya stated that the aims of the council is to coordinate a peaceful and orderly transfer of power from Lukashenko and to hold a new, free and fair presidential election at the earliest opportunity.
On 17 August, Tsikhanouskaya released a video in which they stated that they were ready to lead a transitional government.
On 18 August, the Council held its first press conference with questions being answered by Olga Kovalkova, Maxim Znak, Maria Kolesnikova, Pavel Latushko, and Sergey Dylevsky.
On 19 August, the Council elected a 7-member Presidium.
August–September 2020
On 19 August, Tsikhanouskaya recorded an appeal to EU leaders not to recognise the presidential election results in a meeting of EU heads of government scheduled for later that day.
On 19 August, Alexander Lukashenko described the Coordination Council members, stating, "Some of them were once in or close to power. They were kicked out and hold a grudge. Others are outright Nazis. Just take a look at their names." On the same day, former presidential contender Valery Tsepkalo said they did not understand the criteria for the new council's formation and its tasks. They complained that they were not invited.
On 20 August, Prosecutor-General Alexander Konyuk initiated criminal proceedings against the Coordination Council members under Article 361 of the Belarusian Criminal Code. In a statement released, Konyuk alleged that the "creation and activity of the Coordination Council are aimed at seizure of state power, and at harming national security" and that "the creation of such bodies is not allowed in law, and they are unconstitutional." On the same day, presidium members Dylevsky and Znak were summoned for police questioning. Znak and Dylevsky arrived for questioning on the morning of 21 August and were later released.
On 21 August, Tsikhanouskaya's lawyer Znak filed a formal protest concerning the presidential election with the Supreme Court of Belarus. Znak said that "A complaint has been submitted. A decision on when to start proceedings is due within three days." On 24 August, presidium members Dylevsky and Kovalkova were detained by OMON officers whilst attempting to support a wildcat strike at the Minsk Tractor Works factory. Presidium members Vlasova, Latushko, Alexievich, and Kolesnikova were also summoned for questioning. Both Kovalkova and Dylevsky were sentenced to 10 days' imprisonment the following day.
On 26 August, Ivonka Survilla, President of the Rada of the Belarusian People's Republic, expressed their support for Tsikhanouskaya.
On 31 August, presidium member Vlasova was detained by the OMON.
On 5 September, presidium member Kovalkova chose to leave Belarus rather than remain in detention over the Section 361 charges.
On 7 September, presidium member Kolesnikova was detained by unidentified masked men in Minsk.
As of 9 September, the only member of the presidium not yet arrested or missing is laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature, Svetlana Alexievich,. However, there were reports from Belarusian journalists that unknown men were knocking at the doors of their home. As of 9 August 2020, they were under round-the-clock guard by diplomats for several European countries, including ambassadors from Poland and Lithuania.
At a press conference in Poland, council member Pavel Latushko condemned the situation in Belarus, claiming that 10,000 people were subject to misconduct and imprisonment orchestrated by the security forces. They stated that 450 people were tortured, and protesters were put into jail on fake charges. Latushko and Olga Kovalkova invited the OSCE and United Nations to send observers to Belarus to assess the situation.
25 October ultimatum
On 16 October, Svetlana Tsikhanouskaya was put on the wanted lists in Belarus and Russia on charges of "attempting to overthrow the constitutional order".
Shadow government
In late October 2020, the Pavel Latushko, a presidium member, created National Anti-crisis Management (NAM), a shadow government, to manage the detailed administration tasks of a peaceful transfer of power leading to the inauguration of a newly elected president. NAM published internal reports of the Belarusian Ministry of Internal Affairs, according to which 25,800 people had been detained between 9 August and 9 November 2020, and 4000 complaints of torture and other illegal actions had been lodged with the ministry and ignored.
Truth commission
In late November 2020, the Council published a draft document for debating the creation of a truth and reconciliation commission for the purposes of transitional justice. The commission, termed a "special agency", would "consider the use of physical force, special equipment and weapons against citizens in connection with political positions" or the violation or calls for the violation of citizens' rights by public officials during the Belarusian crisis. The agency would only consider individual responsibility; membership of an organisation would not be grounds for prosecution. In cases in which no physical harm was involved, the accused would go through a conciliation procedure. Other cases would be prosecuted under administrative, "disciplinary," or criminal law. The showing of "effective remorse" or the lack of it would weaken or strengthen some of the financial and property penalties in the proposed legal definition of the agency's powers.
Objectives and structure
Objectives
The Council has stated that its primary goals are:
To end the political persecution of citizens and for those responsible to be brought to justice.
For the release of all political prisoners in Belarus.
The annulment of the 9 August presidential election and for new elections to be conducted to international standards organised by a reconstituted central elections commission.
Council Presidium member Pavel Latushko stated that the Council does not want to radically change the course of Belarusian foreign policy, adding that it wants to maintain "friendly and profound" relations with Russia, as well as to have a good working relationship with the European Union and to act as a bridge between the east and west.
Structure
Tsikhanouskaya stated that applications to the council were open to Belarusian citizens who recognised the officially declared election results to be falsified, and who were trusted by social groups. Applications were invited from individuals representing workers' groups, political parties, trade unions, and other organisations of civic society and from authoritative figures such as doctors, teachers, business leaders, authors, or sportspersons. Olga Kovalkova and lawyer Maxim Znak were given responsibility for collating and approving membership applications.
Presidium
The Council elected a 7-member presidium on 19 August. The members of the presidium are:
Svetlana Alexievich, Nobel laureate in Literature
Sergei Dylevsky, leader of Minsk Tractor Works (MTZ) strike committee
Maria Kalesnikava, headquarters coordinator of Viktar Babaryka's 2020 presidential campaign
Olga Kovalkova, Belarusian Christian Democracy party co-chair
Pavel Latushko, former Minister of Culture
Liliya Vlasova, mediator and lawyer
Maxim Znak, lawyer, member of Viktar Babaryka's headquarters
Detentions and location
Members
An initial membership list, consisting of 35 members, was circulated on 17 August and expanded to 51 members on 18 August. The council had 59 members in its core membership group on 29 August 2020, increasing to 64 members . In addition to the 7-member presidium, other members, , include athlete Nadzeya Astapchuk, film director Jury Chaščavacki, civic leader Ales Bialiatski, politician , physicist Alexander Dabravolski, politician , Mikalai Kazlov of the United Civic Party of Belarus, Andrei Kureichik, politician Vital Rymasheuski, painter , former EPAM Systems top-manager Maksim Bahratsou, independent analyst Siarhei Chaly. On 24 August 2020, the council included an "expanded" support list of 600 members.
Working groups
, the Coordination Council included working groups on several socio-political themes:
a trade union group ProfSoyuz Online for encouraging the creation of independent trade unions
a women's group
a support group for local initiatives in the districts of Belarus
KOTOC: legal advice for interactions with and electoral participation in sub-national formal structures (oblasts, raion)
an economic group
a business support group
Christian Vision
a political prisoners and human rights group
an education group
a group for the Belarusian language and culture.
Representatives
On August 31, 2021 the Coordination Council presented a structure update that implies the election of representatives in key areas of development.
Representatives of the Coordination Council should act as a liaison between international partners and national actors in certain areas, help establish professional ties, prepare analytical notes on the situation in their field, promote topics among international structures, participate in expert discussions, jointly develop support plans for certain sectors.
Representatives are elected positions with a 6-month mandate. The candidates publicly present the program, which should be implemented in the next six months.
Business and innovation economy - Tatsiana Marynich
Eastern Partnership - Valery Matskevich
Civil Society - Andrey Egorov
Culture - Andrei Kureichik
Political prisoners - Tatsiana Khomich (Maria Kalesnikava's sister)
Human Capital Development - Olga Kovalkova
Digital transformation - Alex Shkor
Jurisprudence - Mikhail Kirilyuk
Sports - Nadzeya Astapchuk
International reaction
Tsikhanouskaya has asked the international community to support the efforts of the Coordination Council.
States
Josep Borrell, the European Union High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, has called for the authorities in Belarus to stop criminal proceedings against members of the coordination council. The European Parliament has recognised the coordination council as the "interim representation of the people demanding democratic change in Belarus" and will not recognise Alexander Lukashenko as president of Belarus once their current term expires.
Lithuanian President Gitanas Nausėda spoke with Tsikhanouskaya by telephone, offering their support for the coordination council. The Prime Minister of Lithuania has also called on Belarus to conduct new, "free and fair" elections supervised by international monitors. Lithuanian Foreign Minister Linas Linkevičius has referred to Lukashenko as the "former president" of Belarus. On 20 August, Lithuanian prime minister Saulius Skvernelis invited Sviatlana to their office and publicly referred to them as "the national leader of Belarus. On 10 September, a law was passed by the Lithuanian Parliament which recognises Tsikhanouskaya as the "elected leader of the people of Belarus" and the Coordination Council as the "only legitimate representatives of the Belarusian people". The resolution also declares that Lukashenko is an "illegitimate leader".
Polish Prime Minister, Mateusz Morawiecki, referred to the Coordination Council as the right partner for the authorities to negotiate with.
On 25 August, a spokesperson for Russian President Vladimir Putin welcomed that the leadership of the Coordination Council did not want to reduce ties with Russia and instead hoped to continue with good bilateral relationships between the two countries.
The US Secretary of State in a statement urged the Belarusian government to actively engage Belarusian society, including through the newly established Coordination Council, in a way that reflects what the Belarusian people are demanding, for the sake of the future of Belarus, and for a successful Belarus. The United States Government has also stated that "the people have clearly rejected the regime".
Citizens' protest groups
On 1 November 2020, in the context of the October 2020 Polish protests, Polish citizens led by All-Poland Women's Strike created a Consultative Council that they said was inspired by the Belarusian Coordination Council.
See also
Belarusian democracy movement
References
External links
Профсоюз онлайн - проект для вступления в независимые профсоюзы trade union working group
Инициатива КОТОС: Коллегиальные органы территориального общественного самоуправления local government election/legal interaction working group
Фемгруппа КС women's working group on Telegram
Social media
Coordination Council on Facebook
Coordination Council on Youtube
Coordination Council on Telegram
2020–2021 Belarusian protests
Belarusian democracy movements
Politics of Belarus
2020 in Belarus
Democratization
Sakharov Prize laureates
Non-governmental organizations
The Altai steppe and semi-desert ecoregion (WWF ID: PA0802), as its name indicates, sits in a transition zine between steppe and semi-desert, supporting sparse grass and shrublands. The area is relatively undeveloped, with agriculture mostly represented by grazing livestock. There are a few shallow lakes in depressions used by migratory birds.
Location and description
The ecoregion is situated between steppe on its south (the Emin Valley steppe ecoregion) and conifer forests to its north (the Altai montane forest and forest steppe ecoregion). To the west is the Kazakh semi-desert ecoregion and to the east is the Junggar Basin semi-desert and Lake Zaysan. The Irtysh River runs along the northeast of the ecoregion, and the Tarbagatay Mountains along the south. A small portion of the ecoregion reaches into China.
Climate
The climate of the ecoregion is Humid continental climate, warm summer (Köppen climate classification (Dfb)). This climate is characterized by large seasonal temperature differentials and a warm summer (at least four months averaging over , but no month averaging over .
Flora and fauna
The ground cover is grassland, shrubs, and bare rock. Use of the land for livestock range is putting pressure on wildlife. The Manrak ridge in the southeast of the region is an important area for birds, with 121 species identified.
See also
List of ecoregions in China
References
Ecoregions of China
Ecoregions of Kazakhstan
Palearctic ecoregions
Temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands
Károly Hieronymi (1 October 1836 – 4 May 1911) was a Hungarian engineer and politician, who served as Interior Minister between 1892 and 1895. They were a supporter of former Prime Minister Kálmán Tisza. As Minister of Trade they modernized the train services, for the Hungarian State Railways they nationalized the Budapest-Pécs, the Duna-Dráva and the Zagreb-Karlovac railway lines. They insured the independence of the railway goods turnover aiming at the seaports and its tranquillity.
Memories
In Budapest there is a street named after him. Their grave is in the Kerepesi Cemetery.
References
T. Boros László, Magyar politikai lexikon 1914–1929, Budapest, Európa ny., 1929.
Budapest enciklopédia, Budapest, Corvina, 1982³.
Hieronymi Károly, in: Magyar nagylexikon, IX. köt., Budapest, Magyar Nagylexikon, 1999, 467.
1836 births
1911 deaths
People from Buda
Hungarian Interior Ministers
Hungarian engineers
The Black Hollies are an American Garage Rock band from Jersey City, New Jersey. The Black Hollies were founded in 2005 by three members of the band Rye Coalition.
History
Part of the impetus behind the formation of the group was contractual difficulties Rye Coalition was having with labels. Ernest Jenning released the group's first 45rpm record, "Tell Me What You Want" in late 2005 shortly after the band completed the recording for their first full length. The band played their first SXSW show in March 2006. Their debut album, Crimson Reflections, was released shortly after on April 18, 2006. The band then embarked on a mini-tour of the East Coast with longtime friend Neil McAneny, serving as tour manager and security guard. The group continued to play throughout the metropolitan area constantly and managed to support; Joan Jett, Blue Cheer, Detroit Cobras, The Greenhornes and Ted Leo and the Pharmacists. In late 2006, Justin Angelo Morey joined friends, The Dansettes on bass and continued playing in both groups until the Summer of 2007 when the Dansettes disbanded. The Black Hollies began recording demos recorded on a boom box while rehearsing in Journal Square section of Jersey City.In January 2007, guitarist Jon Gonnelli relocated to Los Angeles. Local shows around this period were performed as a trio. Andy Pierce, drummer for The Dansettes filled in on drums for the band's 2007 SXSW performance. Justin Angelo Morey introduced their homemade 4-track demos to Wiley and Bolasci. With childhood friend Mike Olear behind the mobile recording console, basic rhythm tracks were recorded throughout the Winter at Scott Bolasci's house. Gonnelli flew back from Los Angeles to record their tracks. On Sunday May 27, 2007, the final mixes for Casting Shadows were completed at Dead Verse Studio in Union City, NJ. Around this time a split 45rpm from The Black Hollies and The Dansettes was released on Ernest Jenning. The split contains a cover version of Joe South's "Hush" which features members of The Dansettes. In June 2007, drummer and founding member Scott Bolasci departed on good terms with the group and to this day still remains extremely close with all current members. Nicholas Ferrante replaced Scott Bolasci and Gonnelli moved back to New Jersey to pursue The Black Hollies full-time. In August 2007, Justin Angelo Morey joined the Nouvellas( Contains former members of The Dansettes. Justin Angelo remained a member until May 2008). At the beginning of 2008 The Black Hollies toured the United States and returned to Austin, TX for SXSW. Their follow-up LP, Casting Shadows was officially released on March 11, 2008. The band would spend the majority of 2008 on the road throughout North America.
Softly Towards the Light was released in October 2009.
"Somewhere Between Here and Nowhere" was released in October 2013
Members
Current
Justin Angelo Morey - lead vocals, guitar, synthesizer, stylophone, harmonica, bass,
Ashley Anderson Morey - electric fuzz bass, back up vocals
Jon Gonnelli - keyboards, guitar, lead vocals on, "Eyes of Mermaide"
Herb Wiley - guitar, electric sitar, back-up vocals
Nick Ferrante - drums, percussion
Former
Scott Bolasci - drums
Discography
Albums
Crimson Reflections (Ernest Jenning, 2006)
Casting Shadows (Ernest Jenning, 2008)
Softly Towards the Light (Ernest Jenning, 2009)
Somewhere Between Here And Nowhere (Ernest Jenning, 2013)
Singles
"Tell Me What You Want" b/w "Tired Of Being Lonely" (Ernest Jenning 2005)
"Paisley Pattern Ground" b/w "Hold Tight(Go Out Of Your Mind)" (Dead Flowers 2008)
"Gloomy Monday Morning" b/w "Heart Of The Country"(Safety Meeting 2009)
"Benevolent Beacon" b/w "Toy Boat Toy Boat" (Claw & Globe 2011)
Split releases
The Black Hollies/Dansettes split 45: "Hush" b/w "Forty Days"(Ernest Jenning 2007)
Compilation albums
The Black Hollies contributed their version of Paul McCartney's classic, "Heart Of The Country" on Tom Scharpling's Best Show on WFMU's Ram tribute album.
Television and film placements
Their debut single "Tell Me What You Want" was placed in a Dell computer advertisement in 2008.
Some other song placements:
"Can't Stop These Tears (From Falling)" - Vampire Diaries
"Everything's Fine" - Trauma
"Paisley Pattern Ground" - Ugly Betty
"Tell Me What You Want" - Rescue Me
"Paisley Pattern Ground" - Reaper
"That Little Girl" - Around
"Gloomy Monday Morning", "Running Through My Mind", "Paisley Pattern Ground" - The Virginity Hit
"Paisley Pattern Ground", "That Little Girl" - Greek
"Paisley Pattern Ground" - IBM
"Tell Me What You Want" - Dell
"Paisely Pattern Ground" - Burton Snowboards "The Liftline"
"Running Through My Mind" - IBM / Harley-Davidson
"Eyes of Mermaide" - Californication
References
Rock music groups from New Jersey
Musical groups established in 2005
Culture of Jersey City, New Jersey
Fat: The Fight of My Life is a television series where obese people lose weight. Each episode follows a year in the life of an obese person trying to lose weight. Trained by host Jessie Pavelka. It was originally aired in the United Kingdom.
episode 1 - Bejamin
episode 2 - Jeni
episode 3 - Darren
episode 4 - Alison
episode 5 - David
episode 6 - John
episode 7 - Sarah
episode 8 - Leanne
References
External links
2013 British television series debuts
2013 British television series endings
2010s British reality television series
Sky UK original programming
Weight loss
English-language television shows
The 1941 Washington Senators won 70 games, lost 84, and finished in sixth place in the American League. They were managed by Bucky Harris and played home games at Griffith Stadium.
Offseason
Prior to 1941 season: Sonny Dixon was signed by the Senators as an amateur free agent.
Regular season
Season standings
Record vs. opponents
Roster
Player stats
Batting
Starters by position
Note: Pos = Position; G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Other batters
Note: G = Games played; AB = At bats; H = Hits; Avg. = Batting average; HR = Home runs; RBI = Runs batted in
Pitching
Starting pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Other pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; IP = Innings pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Relief pitchers
Note: G = Games pitched; W = Wins; L = Losses; SV = Saves; ERA = Earned run average; SO = Strikeouts
Farm system
LEAGUE CHAMPIONS: Thomasville
Notes
References
1941 Washington Senators at Baseball-Reference
1941 Washington Senators team page at www.baseball-almanac.com
Minnesota Twins seasons
Washington Senators season
Washington
Boris Blagoev (Bulgarian: Борис Благоев; born 23 June 1985 in Plovdiv) is a Bulgarian football player.
References
External links
Profile at Guardian's Stats Centre
1985 births
Living people
Bulgarian footballers
Association football midfielders
Botev Plovdiv players
First Professional Football League (Bulgaria) players
Kaulbachplatz station is a Nuremberg U-Bahn station, located on the U3.
References
Nuremberg U-Bahn stations located underground
Railway stations in Germany opened in 2011
The Minister of State at the Department of Tourism, Culture, Arts, Gaeltacht, Sport and Media is a junior ministerial post in the Department of Tourism, Culture, Arts, Gaeltacht, Sport and Media of the Government of Ireland who may perform functions delegated by the Minister for Tourism, Culture, Arts, Gaeltacht, Sport and Media. A Minister of State does not hold cabinet rank.
The current Minister of State is Jack Chambers, TD who was appointed in 2020. Chambers is also Minister of State at the Department of the Taoiseach with responsibility as Chief Whip and Minister of State at the Department of Defence.
List of Ministers of State
References
Tourism
Department of Tourism, Culture, Arts, Gaeltacht, Sport and Media
The Arnhem Land languages are a language family proposed by Evans (1997) of Australian languages spoken across northern Arnhem Land.
(The name "Arnhem languages" is used by Green (2003) for what Evans calls "Ginwinyguan", and is only tangentially related to this proposal.)
The established language families included in this proposal are,
Burarran
Iwaidjan
Giimbiyu (†)
Gaagudju language (†)
Umbugarla language (†)
References
McConvell, Patrick and Nicholas Evans. (eds.) 1997. Archaeology and Linguistics: Global Perspectives on Ancient Australia. Melbourne: Oxford University Press.
Non-Pama-Nyungan languages
Proposed language families
Indigenous Australian languages in the Northern Territory
The Livingston County Courthouse is a government building located at 200 East Grand River Avenue in Howell, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976.
History
The first European settlers in what is now Livingston County, Michigan arrived in the 1820s. However, the population grew rapidly, and in 1833 Livingston County was created, and its government was organized in 1836. The two-year-old village of Howell was chosen as the county seat, due to its central location. However, many county residents protested the designation, and the county had to rent rooms to use as offices. It was not until 1847 that the first county courthouse was constructed. This building served until 1874, when it was replaced.
By the early 1880s county officials realized that the new 1874 courthouse was too small for the county's needs. The county rented office space from nearby businesses, and prisoners were housed at the county jail in neighboring Shiawassee County. The county Board of Commissioners formed a building committee, which recommended a new facility, and voters approved the proposal in 1889. The county hired Detroit architect Albert E. French to design a new courthouse; construction started in 1889 and was completed in 1890. In the early 1970s, the county considered replacing the courthouse, but renovated it instead.
Description
The Livingston County Courthouse is a two-and-one-half story brick structure with a half-basement of rough-cut limestone ashlar. The building is relatively symmetrical, spanning five bays on the east and west facades and seven bays at the north and south. The three center bays on the north and south project slightly. A limestone ashlar belt course demarcates the first and second floors; limestone is also used for the entryway arches, lintels, and window hoods. The building is topped with a multi-gabled hip roof and a central clock tower.
The interior contains oak and maple woodwork, which is of particularly fine quality in the circuit courtroom, which contains the original judge's desk, carved railing, spectator seats, and wainscoting, as well as bookcases and a carved oak wall clock. Many interior entryways are richly carved with floral decorations and gargoyles. Walls in many of the public areas are decorated with unusual floral adamants.
References
External links
Livingston County government
National Register of Historic Places in Livingston County, Michigan
Government buildings completed in 1890
Journey Ja-rel Newson (born March 7, 1989) is an American mixed martial artist who competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
Background
Newson grew up in the Merced area. Due to their mother's drug addiction and despite father's attempts to keep the family together, Journey and their siblings were taken into foster care when they were around the age of seven. They started training Tae Kwon Do around the age of 12. They began training Brazilian jiu-jitsu for self-defense around the age of 20 and shifted to mixed martial arts in a couple of years.
Mixed martial arts career
Early career
Newson started out their career in 2015, fighting for a variety of regional West Coast organizations, such as Cage Sport and King of the Cage. During this time, they compiled a 9–1 record, capturing the Cage Sport and Prime Fighting Bantamweight titles.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Newson made their UFC debut as a late replacement for Sergio Pettis against Ricardo Ramos on June 29, 2019 at UFC on ESPN 3. They lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Newson next faced Domingo Pilarte at UFC 247 on February 8, 2020. They won the fight by TKO within the first minute of the fight. However, on March 25, it was announced by the Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation (TDLR) that Newson had tested positive for marijuana during in-competition drug tests. Their victory was overturned to a no contest and they were suspended for 30 days.
Newson was initially scheduled to face Randy Costa on September 26, 2020 at UFC Fight Night: Covington vs. Woodley. However, the event was shifted to take place on September 19, 2020, as UFC 253 was later scheduled for the original date. They lost the fight via knockout in round one.
Newson was scheduled to face Felipe Colares on May 1, 2021 at UFC on ESPN 23. However, Newson withdrew from the bout and was replaced by Luke Sanders.
Newson faced promotional newcomer Fernie Garcia on May 7, 2022 at UFC 274. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Newson is scheduled to face Sergey Morozov on December 17, 2022 at UFC Fight Night 217.
Championships and accomplishments
CageSport MMA
CageSport Bantamweight Championship (one time)
Prime Fighting MMA
Prime Fighting Bantamweight Championship (one time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
|Win
|align=center|10–3 (1)
|Fernie Garcia
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC 274
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Phoenix, Arizona, United States
|
|-
|Loss
| align=center|9–3 (1)
| Randy Costa
| KO (head kick)
| UFC Fight Night: Covington vs. Woodley
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:41
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| NC
| align=center| 9–2 (1)
| Domingo Pilarte
| NC (overturned)
| UFC 247
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:38
| Houston, Texas, United States
|
|-
|Loss
| align=center|9–2
|Ricardo Ramos
|Decision (unanimous)
|UFC on ESPN: Ngannou vs. dos Santos
|
|align=center|3
|align=center|5:00
|Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|9–1
| Soslan Abanokov
| KO (punch)
| Final Fight Championship 36
|
| align=center|1
| align=center|1:20
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|8–1
| Chris SanJose
| TKO (punches)
| Prime Fighting 11
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|4:41
| Ridgefield, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center|7–1
| Tycen Lynn
| Decision (unanimous)
| Combat Games 60
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tulalip, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–1
| Anthony Zender
| TKO
| CageSport 46
|
| align=center|2
| align=center|0:24
| Tacoma, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–1
| Jordan Mackin
| Submission (rear-naked choke)
| CageSport 44
|
|align=Center|3
|align=center|4:55
|Tacoma, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–1
| Anthony Zender
| Submission (guillotine choke)
| CageSport 43
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 1:27
| Tacoma, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 3–1
| Benito Lopez
|KO (punches)
|KOTC: Unchallenged
|
|align=center|1
|align=center|3:04
|Oroville, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Shane Friesz
| Decision (unanimous)
|Super Fight League 49
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Tacoma, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Justin Hugo
| Submission (triangle choke)
| Super Fight League 45
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 2:17
| Tacoma, Washington, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Damon Wood
| Decision (unanimous)
| KOTC: Rogue Wave
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Lincoln City, Oregon, United States
|
Professional boxing record
See also
List of current UFC fighters
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
Living people
1989 births
Bantamweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing taekwondo
Mixed martial artists utilizing boxing
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
American male mixed martial artists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
American male taekwondo practitioners
American male boxers
American practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
KANB may refer to:
KANB-LP, a low-power radio station (102.3 FM) licensed to Kalispell, Montana, United States
the ICAO code for Anniston Metropolitan Airport in Anniston, Alabama, United States
Acoustic Kitty is a CIA project launched by the Central Intelligence Agency Directorate of Science & Technology in the 1960s, which intended to use cats to spy on the Kremlin and Soviet embassies.
In an hour-long procedure, a veterinary surgeon implanted a microphone in the cat's ear canal, a small radio transmitter at the base of its skull, and a thin wire into its fur. This would allow the cat to innocuously record and transmit sound from its surroundings. Due to problems with distraction, the cat's sense of hunger had to be addressed in another operation. Victor Marchetti, a former CIA officer, said Project Acoustic Kitty cost about $20 million.
The first Acoustic Kitty mission was to eavesdrop on two men in a park outside the Soviet embassy in Washington, D.C. The cat was released nearby, but was hit and allegedly killed by a taxi almost immediately. However, this was disputed in 2013 by Robert Wallace, a former Director of the CIA's Office of Technical Service, who said that the project was abandoned due to the difficulty of training the cat to behave as required, and "the equipment was taken out of the cat; the cat was re-sewn for a second time, and lived a long and happy life afterwards". Subsequent tests also failed. Shortly thereafter the project was considered a failure and declared to be a total loss. However, other accounts report more success for the project.
The project was cancelled in 1967. A closing memorandum said that the CIA researchers believed that they could train cats to move short distances, but that "the environmental and security factors in using this technique in a real foreign situation force us to conclude that for our (intelligence) purposes, it would not be practical." The project was disclosed in 2001, when some CIA documents were declassified.
References
Further reading
The Agency: The Rise and Decline of the CIA, John Ranelagh, rev. ed., New York: Simon & Schuster, 1987, at p. 208.
External links
The Memory Palace podcast episode about Acoustic Kitty episode-16-secret-kitty
Espionage projects
Central Intelligence Agency operations
Cold War intelligence operations
1960s in the United States
Military animals
Cats in the United States
The Atlantic Upland, which is cut by lowlands, stretches over most southern Nova Scotia, Canada.
The surface of the Atlantic Upland rises from sea level on the Atlantic shore to about 180 to 200 metres (about 600 to 700 feet) at the southern side of the Annapolis Valley.
Most of the rivers on the mainland part of the province radiate outward in the Atlantic Upland. The rivers are generally short and narrow. Examples of these rivers include the LaHave, Shubenacadie, and Mersey.
References
Geography of Nova Scotia
Polyortha biezankoi is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1970
Polyortha
"The force that through the green fuse drives the flower" is a poem by Welsh poet Dylan Thomas— the poem that "made Thomas famous." Written in 1933 (when Thomas was nineteen), it was first published in their 1934 collection, 18 Poems.
Like the other poems in 18 Poems, which belong to what has been called Thomas's "womb-tomb period", it deals with "creation, both physical and poetic, and the temporal process of birth, death, and rebirth".
Influence
The poem was the inspiration for a series of paintings by Ceri Richards made between 1943 and 1945. Some phrases ("starry dynamo" and "machinery of night") in Allen Ginsberg's 1955 poem "Howl" were derived from Thomas's poem. As well, its title served as the basis for the 1976 Roger Zelazny story "The Force That Through the Circuit Drives the Current."
References
External links
Text of the poem
"The Life and Work of Dylan Thomas"
Anglo-Welsh literature
1933 poems
Poetry by Dylan Thomas
Republican spartakiada or "Republican sport events" (Bulgarian: Републиканска спартакиада) was sport activities in People's Republic of Bulgaria.
History
The name spartakiada originated from the name of Spartacus (in [[Bulgarian: Спартак, Spartak) was multiple sport event in Bulgaria during the communist period. Predecessor of these games were the people's sport events, which were conducted before 1945. The first Republican spartakiada was held on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of the October Revolution in Bulgaria. Compete to the best teams of all counties in Bulgaria in 8 different sports. the Second Republican spartakiada was held in 1963. The third Republican spartakiada was held in 1965/1966 Over 100,000 people participate in sports championship. The Sixth Republican spartakiada was conducted in 1984. Over 2,500,000 people participate in sports event. In the sports games includes 2,500 clubs for physical culture and sport.
Sports companies in the Bulgarian districts
Tarnovski Okrag (Veliko Tarnovo Province)
In the village of Resen was built the first stadium in rural area. Ivan Pavlov from Tarnovo Balkan champion in athletics in 1972 are held in years relays "Liberator" and "Druzhba". Council to BSFS Veliko Tarnovo counts 53 members.
References
State archive - Veliko Tarnovo fund 1124, inventory 1, archival unit 1
Sporting events in Bulgaria
The 1998 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were held on January 7–11, 1998 in Hamilton, Ontario. They were the figure skating national championship which determines the national champions of Canada. The event was organized by Skate Canada, the nation's figure skating governing body. Skaters competed at the senior, junior, and novice levels in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. The results of this competition were used to pick the Canadian teams to the 1998 Winter Olympics and 1998 World Championships.
Senior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Junior results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
Novice results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
External links
1998 Bank of Montreal Canadian Championships
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Figure skating
Canadian Figure Skating Championships
Sport in Hamilton, Ontario
sports
20th century in Hamilton, Ontario
January 1998 sports events in Canada
The 1964 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State College (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1964 NCAA University Division football season. In its seventh season under head coach Billy J. Murphy, the team compiled a 5–4 record and outscored opponents by a total of 173 to 103. Chuck Brooks and Bob Finnamore were the team captains. The team played its home games at Crump Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Billy Fletcher with 921 passing yards and 367 rushing yards, Ray Farmer with 222 receiving yards, and John Wallace Wright with 24 points scored.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
Hogin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
James Latimer Hogin (1801–1876), American politician from Iowa, father of John Chrisfield
John Chrisfield Hogin (1823–1886), American politician from Iowa, son of James Latimer
Laurie Hogin (born 1963), American artist
Sam Hogin (1950–2004), American country songwriter
See also
Hogan (surname)
ISO 3166-2:MD is the entry for Moldova in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.
Currently for Moldova, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 1 autonomous territorial unit, 3 cities, 32 districts, and 1 territorial unit. The three cities have special status equal to the districts.
Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 code of Moldova. The second part is two letters.
Due to limited international recognition, Transnistria is considered part of Moldova and does not have its own ISO 3166-1 code.
Current codes
Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).
Subdivision names are sorted in Romanian alphabetical order: a, ă, â, b-i, î, j-s, ș, t, ț, u-z.
Click on the button in the header to sort each column.
Changes
The following changes to the entry have been announced in newsletters by the ISO 3166/MA since the first publication of ISO 3166-2 in 1998. ISO stopped issuing newsletters in 2013.
The following changes to the entry are listed on ISO's online catalogue, the Online Browsing Platform:
Codes before Newsletter I-2
Codes before Newsletter II-2
See also
Subdivisions of Moldova
FIPS region codes of Moldova
External links
ISO Online Browsing Platform: MD
Districts of Moldova, Statoids.com
2:MD
ISO 3166-2
Moldova geography-related lists
José Carlos Leite de Sousa (born 9 October 1977) is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as a right back, and is a manager.
They amassed Primeira Liga totals of 159 matches and four goals during ten seasons, representing mainly in the competition Belenenses (five years).
Club career
Born in São João da Madeira, Sousa started playing with local A.D. Sanjoanense. In 1993, they joined the youth ranks of S.L. Benfica, from where they were loaned to F.C. Alverca who acted as the farm team.
After a successful debut season with the Ribatejo Province side, 20-year-old Sousa was recalled by Benfica manager Manuel José in August 1997, due to a good performance in a Segunda Liga match against F.C. Paços de Ferreira. Dubbed the new António Veloso by the press, they made their debut on 13 September 1997 in a Primeira Liga home draw against Académica de Coimbra, becoming a regular starter and scoring their first and only goal for the club in a 4–1 win over Sporting CP at the Estádio José Alvalade; Graeme Souness brought in Gary Charles midway through the 1998–99 campaign, and their playing time was subsequently vastly reduced.
In 1999, Sousa joined Alverca on a permanent deal, staying only one year before signing a five-year contract with FC Porto on 5 August 2000. They were consecutively loaned during their tenure at the latter, however.
On 21 August 2002, Sousa joined C.F. Os Belenenses on a one-year loan, signing on a permanent basis in the following season and always representing the Lisbon-based club in the top flight. Afterwards, they moved to Olympiakos Nicosia in Cyprus, before ending their career in 2010 after one season with F.C. Arouca.
In late June 2016, after a spell at Belenenses as youth coach, Sousa was appointed manager of third division team U.D. Vilafranquense.
International career
Sousa earned 18 caps for Portugal at youth level, all categories comprised. They made their debut for the under-21 team on 5 September 1998, playing the first half of a 3–0 away win against Hungary for the 2000 UEFA European Championship qualifiers.
Personal life
Sousa's uncle, António Sousa, was also a footballer. A midfielder, they too represented Sanjoanense and Porto, being a longtime Portuguese international. Their cousin, Ricardo, also played in the Portuguese top division.
José's son Bruno Leite played the sport in Norway, mainly with Skeid Fotball.
References
External links
1977 births
Living people
People from São João da Madeira
Portuguese footballers
Association football defenders
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Segunda Divisão players
F.C. Alverca players
S.L. Benfica footballers
S.C. Braga players
FC Porto players
S.C. Farense players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
F.C. Arouca players
Cypriot First Division players
Olympiakos Nicosia players
Portugal youth international footballers
Portugal under-21 international footballers
Portuguese expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Portuguese expatriate sportspeople in Cyprus
Portuguese football managers
Sportspeople from Aveiro District
Wingina is an unincorporated community in Nelson County, Virginia, United States.
History
This area was originally inhabited by Monacan Indians. The Monacan tribe and their allies, the Mannahoac, had settled central Virginia from the Rappahannock River to the James River for at least 500 years before the English arrived in Virginia. As the English encroached farther west into what is now central Virginia, the Indians dispersed to the north, south, and west. In the 19th century a number of Monacans created a settlement at Bear Mountain in Amherst County, where many of the tribe live today. The Saponi and Tutelo Indians are also remnants of this main confederacy. This village located on the banks of the James River between Buckingham and Nelson counties was part of the original land grant of Dr. William Cabell in 1735. Dr. Cabell received the grant of 25,000 acres from King George II. The Europeans first called this area "Hardwicksville".
The small town of Wingina is located south of Lovingston, situated on James River Road (SR 56) at the James River Bridge and the C&O railroad (known as Wingina Station), where the Wingina Post office and general store now stands. On the western side of Rte. 56 are the areas known as Union Hill and Norwood. On the eastern side of this road are the areas known as Midway Mills, Warminster, and Edgewood. This entire area was owned by the Cabell family.
About five miles above this area on this same road, heading towards the town of Shipman, is Glade Rd., also known as Secretary's Rd. and "Warriors Path". This road was used by the Monacan and Powhatan Confederations for hunting and war between the local tribes, consisting of Siouan-speaking (Monacan and Mannahoac) and Iroquoian-speaking groups (Cherokee). Beginning as a dirt path through the wilderness, the road was formed by the natives walking in single file. Their feet were set down from heel to toe, the advancing foot always on the line with their rear foot. The years of single file journeys had worn a deep narrow trail, crossing streams where fords were established. This trail stretched from the Rockfish River, down through Findlay's Gap into Amherst. As the area began to grow with early white settlers, this main Indian trail was widened and maintained by the local African slaves to accommodate horses and oxen, then to provide access to stagecoaches and wagons.
In 1853, the canal company owned by Joseph Carrington Cabell built a covered wooden bridge over the James River at Wingina, which was used during the American Civil War. The bridge was eventually burned by the Confederate army to prevent General Sheridan's army from crossing in their effort to cut off General Lee's retreat to Petersburg.
In 1880, the Richmond Allegheny Railroad purchased the property around the canal and named this area "Wingina" after a Secotan Indian chief of the 16th century who resisted the encroachment of the Europeans.
In 1890, the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad (C&O) acquired the property, and in 1905 the company constructed a steel-trussed bridge over the James River on the original stone piers of the earlier wooden bridge.
In 1920, the Johnson family, who owned a building supply store, moved from Buckingham County over to Wingina and established the Wingina General Store and Post Office. The store supplied the railroad ties for the C&O railroad. John Yarborough served as the first postmaster. The general store closed in 1991 but the post office still services
areas of Buckingham, Norwood and Wingina.
Edgewood and Soldier's Joy are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
References
Citations
Other sources
GNIS reference
Unincorporated communities in Nelson County, Virginia
Unincorporated communities in Virginia
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1664.
Events
February – London publisher John Twyn is hanged, drawn and quartered, having been convicted of treason for distributing seditious literature.
April 6 – Moses ben Isaac Bonems is the first signatory of the approbations to works given by the members of the Council of Four Lands at the Gramnitza (candlestick) fair.
May 12 – Molière's comedy Tartuffe is performed in its original version as part of "The Pleasures of the Enchanted Island" at the court of King Louis XIV of France to mark the start of construction of the Palace of Versailles, but objections to its presentation of a hypocritical religious impostor ban it from later public presentation.
June – Gazzetta di Mantova is first published in Mantua, Italy. By 2009 it will be the world's oldest private newspaper still published, and the oldest one continuously published in print.
June 20 – Racine's tragedy La Thébaïde receives its first performance, by Molière's troupe at the Théâtre du Palais-Royal (rue Saint-Honoré) in Paris.
October – Thomas Killigrew and the King's Company stage Killigrew's The Parson's Wedding with an all-female cast. (Killigrew attempts a similar all-female production of their play Thomaso, although this is never achieved.)
November 5 – Sir William Davenant's "dramatic opera" Macbeth, adapted from Shakespeare's play, is performed for the first time.
New books
Prose
Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle –
Sociable Letters
Philosophical Letters
René Descartes – Traité de l'homme et de la formation du foetus
John Evelyn – Sylva, or A Discourse of Forest-Trees and the Propagation of Timber
Richard Flecknoe – A Discourse of the English Stage
John Heydon
Psonthonpanchia
Theomagia, Part 3
Lucy Hutchinson – Memoirs Of The Life Of Colonel Hutchinson
Jeremy Taylor – Dissuasive from Popery
Izaak Walton – The Compleat Angler, 3rd edition
Francisco Manuel de Melo – Obras morales
Drama
Pedro Calderon de la Barca – La hija del aire
Roger Boyle, 1st Earl of Orrery – Henry V
Lodowick Carlell – Heraclius, Emperor of the East published (adapted from Corneille's Heraclius)
Sir William Davenant – The Rivals (an adaptation of The Two Noble Kinsmen)
Pierre Corneille – Othon
John Dryden – The Rival Ladies
John Dryden and Sir Robert Howard – The Indian Queen
George Etherege – The Comical Revenge or, Love in a Tub
Edward Howard – The Usurper
Thomas Killigrew – Comedies and Tragedies (collected plays)
William Killigrew – Ormasdes, or Love and Friendship, Pandora, or the Converts and Selindra (published together in one folio volume)
John Lacy – The Old Troop
Molière – Tartuffe
Katherine Philips (died June 22) – Translation of Corneille's Horace (unfinished)
Thomas Porter – The Carnival
Jean Racine – La Thébaide
William Shakespeare – Second impression of the Third Folio, adding seven plays to the 36 of the First Folio and Second: Pericles, Prince of Tyre and six works from Shakespeare Apocrypha
John Wilson
Andronicus Comnenius
The Projectors
Joost van den Vondel – Adam in Ballingschap
Poetry
Samuel Butler – Hudibras Part 2
Katherine Philips – Poems by the Incomparable Mrs. K.P.
Births
January 24 – Sir John Vanbrugh, English dramatist and architect (died 1726)
July 21 – Matthew Prior, English poet and diplomat (died 1721)
November 9 – Henry Wharton, English writer and librarian (died 1695)
Probable year of birth
Charles Hopkins, Anglo-Irish poet and dramatist (died 1700)
William Mountfort, English actor and dramatist (died 1692)
Deaths
January 10 – Nicholas Culpeper, English herbalist, physician and astrologer (born 1616)
January 20 – Isaac Ambrose, English Puritan writer (born 1604)
June 22 – Katherine Philips (Orinda), English poet, translator and woman of letters (born 1632)
July 16 – Andreas Gryphius, German lyric poet and dramatist (born 1616)
August 16 – James Heath, English Royalist historian (born 1629)
August 23 – Jean Bagot, Jesuit theologian (born 1591)
November 18 – Nikola Zrinski, Croatian/Hungarian military leader, statesman and poet (born 1620)
Unknown date – Qian Qianyi (銭謙益), Chinese poet and social historian (born 1582)
Probable year of death – Henry Robinson, merchant and writer (born c. 1604)
References
Years of the 17th century in literature
Woman's Working Band House is a historic house in Tallahassee, Leon County, Florida. It is located at 648 W. Brevard St. in Frenchtown, the oldest surviving African-American community in Florida.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 20, 2010.
This completely restored National Register Property currently (2018) houses the B Sharps Jazz Club. This house is one of the few recognized, extant properties financed jointly by rank and file and upper class African-American women. Its cornerstone was laid in 1921 by the Woman's [sic] Working Band and it was built to serve as an Old Folks Home.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Tallahassee, Florida
African-American history of Florida
Buildings and structures in Tallahassee, Florida
Housing for the elderly
Jazz clubs in the United States
History of women in Florida
The Grand Orient of Portugal (Grande Oriente Lusitano) is a symbolic Masonic Obedience founded in 1802, thus being the oldest Portuguese Masonic Obedience. Its first Grand Master was Sebastião José de São Paio de Melo e Castro Lusignan, grandson of the first Marquis of Pombal, and their symbolic name was Egas Moniz.
The Grand Orient of Portugal belongs to the Masonic liberal current, proclaiming the absolute liberty of conscience and adogmatism.
History
It was seen as a driving force in the anti-clericalism of the liberals. In 1921, it became a founding member of the International Masonic Association in alliance with the Grand Orient of France, Grand Orient of Belgium, Grand Lodge Alpina of Switzerland and the Grand Orient of Italy, amongst many others.
Opposing every form of oppression, the Grande Oriente Lusitano has faced throughout its history many moments of fierce persecution by the most conservative and reactionary wings of society. Amongst these moments, the prohibition during the Estado Novo dictatorship (law nº1901 dated May 13, 1935, proposed by José Cabral who had recently joined the single state-ruled party União Nacional, National Union, after leaving the Portuguese integralists and the national-syndicalists leadered by Francisco Rolão Preto) which forced Portuguese freemasons into clandestinity and often prison and political exile.
Fernando Pessoa, the renowned Portuguese poet, who assumed themselves as a profane (or non-mason) published an article in Diário de Lisboa (Lisbon Daily, a daily newspaper) defending Freemasonry and specifically the Grande Oriente Lusitano. During clandestinity (1935-1974), the Grande Oriente Lusitano had its buildings confiscated and the Masonic Palace, in center Lisbon, occupied by the Legião Portuguesa (Portuguese Legion, a para-military political force created for the "defense of the State").
The Revolution of the Carnations on April 25, 1974 revoked law nº1901 and the Grande Oriente Lusitano could once more see the light of day and have its buildings returned.
Rites
Under the auspices of the Grande Oriente Lusitano there are lodges of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite and of the French Rite. These Rites are administered by the respective philosophical Potences with which the Grande Oriente Lusitano has a treaty to confer the symbolic degrees:
Supreme Council of the Grand Inspector-General of the 33rd Degree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite for Portugal and its jurisdiction
Sovereign Grand Chapter of the Cavaliers Rose-Croix - Grand Chapter General of the French Rite of Portugal
Grémio Lusitano
The three potencies are represented in civil society through the Grémio Lusitano, a cultural, recreational and philanthropic society whose headquarters are situated at the Rua do Grémio Lusitano, number 25, in Lisbon. This building, the Masonic Palace, also hosts the Portuguese Masonic Museum, considered by many as one of the best of its kind in Europe. The Museum is open to the general public.
Grand Masters
1804 – 1809 – Sebastião de Sampaio de Melo e Castro
1809 – 1816 – Fernando Romão da Costa Ataíde e Teive de Sousa Coutinho
1816 – 1817 – Gomes Freire de Andrade e Castro
1820 – 1821 – João Vicente Pimentel Maldonado (interim)
1821 – 1823 – João da Cunha Souto Maior
1823 – 1839 – José da Silva Carvalho
1839 – 1841 – Manuel Gonçalves de Miranda
1841 – 1841 – Bartolomeu dos Mártires Dias e Sousa (interim)
1841 – 1846 – António Bernardo da Costa Cabral
1846 – 1847 – João de Deus Antunes Pinto
1847 – 1849 – António Bernardo da Costa Cabral
1849 – 1853 – Marcelino Máximo de Azevedo e Melo
1854 – 1861 – José Joaquim de Almeida Moura Coutinho
1861 – 1863 – Frederico Leão Cabreira de Brito Alvelos Drago Valente;
1863 – 1867 – Caetano Gaspar de Almeida e Noronha Portugal Camões de Albuquerque Moniz e Sousa
1867 – 1869 – José da Silva Mendes Leal
1869 – 1881 – João Inácio Francisco de Paula de Noronha
1881 – 1884 – Miguel Baptista Maciel
1884 – 1886 – José Elias Garcia
1886 – 1887 – António Augusto de Aguiar
1887 – 1889 – José Elias Garcia
1889 – 1895 – Carlos Ramiro Coutinho
1895 – 1899 – Bernardino Machado Guimarães
1899 – 1906 – Luís Augusto Ferreira de Castro
1906 – 1907 – Francisco Gomes da Silva (interim)
1907 – 1928 – Sebastião de Magalhães Lima
1928 – 1929 – Luís Augusto Curson (interim)
1929 – 1929 – António José de Almeida
1929 – 1930 – Joaquim Maria de Oliveira Simões (interim)
1930 – 1935 – José Mendes Ribeiro Norton de Matos
1935 – 1937 – Maurício Armando Martins Costa (interim)
1937 – 1937 – Filipe Inês Ferreira (interim)
1937 – 1975 – Luís Gonçalves Rebordão
1975 – 1981 – Luís Hernâni Dias Amado
1982 – 1984 – Armando Adão e Silva
1984 – 1988 – José Eduardo Simões Coimbra
1988 – 1990 – Raul de Assunção Pimenta Rego
1990 – 1993 – Ramon de la Féria
1993 – 1996 – João Rosado Correia
1996 – 2002 – Eugénio de Oliveira
2002 – 2005 – António Duarte Arnaut
2005 – 2011 – António Fernando Marques Ribeiro Reis
2011 – present - Fernando Manuel Lima Valada Fernandes
See also
CLIPSAS
Afonso Costa
References
External links
Grande Oriente Lusitano
1802 establishments in Portugal
Co-Freemasonry
Freemasonry in Portugal
RTZ (Return to Zero) was an American rock band that featured Boston band members Brad Delp and Barry Goudreau. The band was formed in the early 1990s.
History
RTZ began as a collaboration between Boston members Brad Delp and Barry Goudreau around 1989. The original 1987 demo of "Face The Music" (featuring Fergie Frederiksen on vocals) was later made available for download at BarryGoudreau.com. Goudreau and Delp were both part of the original Boston line-up and after Goudreau's departure from the band, they stayed in close contact with Delp contributing to Goudreau's solo album and also to a lesser degree on the Orion the Hunter album.
Around 1989, Delp was on hiatus from Boston and looking to get active in writing again. They contacted Goudreau about a possible collaboration and RTZ was formed. Goudreau and Delp brought in keyboardist Brian Maes who was part of the Orion the Hunter touring band, drummer Dave Stefanelli and bass player Tim Archibald. Maes and Stefanelli had previously worked with producer Nick Lowe in England and Archibald's band New Man had released an album on Epic.
Delp and Goudreau landed a deal with Giant Records and the first RTZ album, titled Return to Zero, was released in 1991. A video was produced for the first single "Face the Music". The band soon hit the road and Delp gave Boston their notice. After touring the US extensively, a video was prepared for the single "Until Your Love Comes Back Around" penned by keyboard player Brian Maes. The single was very successful and reached #1 in several markets, #26 in the U.S. Two other tracks, "There's Another Side" and "All You've Got" also got airplay, with the latter reaching #56.
RTZ felt that the band was not getting the attention it deserved by the label and asked to be released from their contract. As RTZ began to shop for a new label, Delp decided to leave the band and would eventually reunite with Boston for the Walk On tour and to assist in the writing of the associated album. The other band members decided that it would be impossible to replace Delp and decided to end the band. The Return to Zero album went out of print until April 2013, although the band later released other material. There were still enough recordings left over from the original recording sessions to create another album. Barry searched for a new label and eventually found MTM Records. The recordings were released on September 28, 1998, and the album was titled Lost.
In 2004, Lost and Found was released. It features previously unreleased music from the band. In 2005, RTZ released two CDs simultaneously, Lost in America and Found in America under band member Brian Maes' Briola Records label. The album contains all the same material that was released on Lost, including the song "Dangerous", which was only available on the Japanese release of Lost. Found in America contains the same material that is on their 2004 release Lost and Found, but includes a bonus live version of the song "Return to Zero".
The Delp and Goudreau album was also released in 2004, and was included as a bonus CD in Lost and Found. It featured RTZ but was released under the name "Delp and Goudreau" and involves a different style of music from RTZ's albums.
In 2007, the band reunited (though with former Boston member Sib Hashian on drums) to release a single called "Rockin' Away". Written in 2006, it celebrated the 30 year anniversary of Boston, and is also an autobiography of Brad Delp's music career. Following Delp's suicide in 2007, the band reunited again to release the single "Set The Songbird Free" as a tribute to Delp, with Maes on vocals. They also performed at the Brad Delp "Come Together" tribute concert in 2008.
This entire line-up (with Hashian on drums, and without Delp) also makes up most of the members of the band Ernie and the Automatics which formed in 2006.
Discography
Studio albums
Return to Zero (1991)
Lost (1998)
Compilation albums
Lost and Found (2004)
Singles
See also
Boston (band)
References
American rock music groups
Musical groups established in 1989
Musical groups disestablished in 1994
Ayouba Traoré (born 9 August 1982) is a heavyweight judoka from Mali. They competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics, in the 100 kg category, and was eliminated by Cyrille Maret in the first bout.
Traoré works at a French international school in Bamako.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
Malian male judoka
Olympic judoka of Mali
Judoka at the 2016 Summer Olympics
21st-century Malian people
Haccağız is a village in the Seben district of Bolu Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Seben District
The Urșița is a right tributary of the river Stavnic in Romania. It flows into the Stavnic in Cioca-Boca. Its length is and its basin size is .
References
Rivers of Romania
Rivers of Iași County
The 2009 S-Pulse season was S-Pulse's eighteenth season in existence and their seventeenth season in the J1 League. The club also competed in the Emperor's Cup and the J.League Cup. The team finished the season seventh in the league.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Shimizu S-Pulse
Shimizu S-Pulse seasons
Madonna Catholic Secondary School is an all-girls secondary school located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. It is administered by the Toronto Catholic District School Board.
References
External links
Madonna Catholic Secondary School
High schools in Toronto
Toronto Catholic District School Board
North York
Girls' schools in Canada
Catholic secondary schools in Ontario
Educational institutions established in 1963
1963 establishments in Ontario
The 1908 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football team that represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1908 college football season. In its first season under head coach John L. Griffith, the team compiled a 6–2 record (1–2 against MVC opponents), finished in fifth place in the conference, and outscored all opponents by a total of 108 to 29.
The team played its home games at Haskins Field.
Schedule
References
Drake
Drake Bulldogs football seasons
Drake Bulldogs football
Anne Hartley Gilbert (October 21, 1821December 2, 1904) professionally billed as Mrs. G. H. Gilbert was a British actor.
They were born Anne Jane Hartley at Rochdale, Lancashire, England. At fifteen they were a pupil at the ballet school connected with Them Majesty's Theatre, in the Haymarket, conducted by Paul Taglioni, and became a dancer. Them first conspicuous appearance on stage was made as a dancer, in the Norwich theatrical circuit, England, in 1845. In 1846 they married George H. Gilbert (d. 1866), a performer in the theatre company of which they were a member. Together they filled many engagements in English theatres, moving to America in 1849.
Them first 15 years in America were spent in inland cities such as Chicago, Cleveland, and Cincinnati. Mrs Gilbert's first success in a speaking part was in 1857 as Wichavenda in John Brougham's Po-ca-hon-tas.
One of the most brilliant and decisive successes of their professional life was gained at the Broadway Theatre where, on 5 August 1867, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Florence presented Thomas William Robertson's comedy Caste, for the first time in America. On leaving the Broadway they went to Daly's Fifth Avenue Theatre on Twenty-fourth Street with Robertson's comedy of Play. The cast included E. L. Davenport, George Holland, William Davidge, J. L. Polk, Agnes Ethel, and George Clarke. Mrs. Gilbert played Mrs. Kinpeck. For many years they played opposite James Lewis as their "wife", or playing old women's parts, in which they had no equal.
After Mr. Daly's death in 1899 they came under Charles Frohman's management and later became a member of Annie Russell's company. On October 24, 1904, at the New Lyceum Theatre, Mrs. Gilbert made their first appearance as a star, being then in the eighty-second year of their age, in a play, by Clyde Fitch, called Granny with a young Marie Doro in one of their earliest roles. Granny was announced as their farewell role and they read a special poem composed by Fitch at the end of each performance. Them final New York appearance occurred at the Lyceum on November 12, 1904. They acted for fifty-four years (after five years as a dancer), and they remained in active employment to the last. Mrs Gilbert was uniquely respected and popular, both with audiences and behind the footlights. They performed last on December 1 three days after Granny opened in Chicago, and died there on the following day from a brain hemorrhage.
References
Bibliography
Brown, Thomas Allston, A History of the New York Stage from the Earliest Performances in 1732 to 1901, Vol. I, New York: Dodd Mead & Co., 1903.
Brown, Thomas Allston, A History of the New York Stage from the Earliest Performances in 1732 to 1901, Vol. II, New York: Dodd Mead & Co., 1903.
Gilbert, Anne Hartley, ed. by Charlotte M. Martin, The Stage Reminiscences of Mrs. Gilbert, New York: C. Scribner's Sons, 1901.
Mantle, Burns, and Garrison P. Sherwood, eds., The Best Plays of 1899-1909, Philadelphia: The Blakiston Company, 1944.]
External links
1821 births
1904 deaths
English stage actores
19th-century British actores
British stage actores
English female dancers
British expatriate actores in the United States
People from Rochdale
19th-century English women
19th-century English people
Julia Tyler (née Gardiner; May 4, 1820 – July 10, 1889) was the second wife of John Tyler, who was the tenth president of the United States. As such, they served as the first lady of the United States from June 26, 1844, to March 4, 1845.
Early life
Julia Gardiner Tyler was born on May 4, 1820. Sources differ about their date of birth, their grave states July 29 as their birthdate but several biographies give the May date; including that by their son and biographer Lyon Gardiner Tyler. They were born on New York's Gardiner's Island, one of the largest privately owned islands in the United States. They were the daughter of David Gardiner, a landowner and New York State Senator (1824 to 1828), and Juliana MacLachlan Gardiner. Them ancestry was Dutch, Scottish, and English.
They were raised in the town of East Hampton and the small hamlet of Bay Shore, and educated at the Chegary Institute in New York. In 1839, they shocked polite society by appearing, posed with an unidentified man and identified as "The Rose of Long Island", in a newspaper advertisement for a middle-class department store. Them family took them to Europe to avoid further publicity and allow their notoriety to subside. They first left for London, arriving on October 29, 1840. They visited England, France, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Holland, Belgium, Ireland, and Scotland before returning to New York in September 1841.
Courtship with President Tyler
On January 20, 1842, the 21-year-old Julia was introduced to President John Tyler at a White House reception. After the death of their first wife, Letitia Christian Tyler, on September 10, 1842, Tyler made it clear that they wished to get involved with Julia. Initially, the high-spirited and independent-minded northern beauty felt little attraction to the grave, reserved Virginia gentleman, who was thirty years their senior. They first proposed to them on February 22, 1843, when they were 22, at a White House Masquerade Ball. They refused that and later proposals they made. The increased time spent together prompted public speculation about their relationship.
Julia, their sister Margaret, and their father joined a Presidential excursion on the new steam frigate Princeton. During this excursion, their father, David Gardiner, along with others, lost their lives in the explosion of a huge naval gun called the Peacemaker. Julia was devastated by the death of their adored father. They spoke often in later years of how the President's quiet strength sustained them during this difficult time. Tyler comforted Julia in their grief and won their consent to a secret engagement, proposing in 1844 at the George Washington Ball.
First Lady of the United States
After a wedding trip to Philadelphia, a White House reception, and a stay at Sherwood Forest, an estate the president had recently acquired for their retirement, the newlyweds returned to Washington D.C. Although their husband was often visibly fatigued, their youthful wife thoroughly enjoyed the duties of First Lady.
The anthem "Hail to the Chief" had been played at a number of events associated with the arrival or presence of the President of the United States before Julia Tyler became First Lady, but they ordered its regular use to announce the arrival of the President. It became established practice when their successor, Sarah Polk did likewise.
In the last month of the Tyler administration, they hosted a grand White House ball for 3,000 guests.
Later life
The Tylers retired to Sherwood Forest, where they lived tranquilly until the Civil War. Although a northerner by birth, Mrs. Tyler soon grew accustomed to the leisurely routines of daily life as the wife of a wealthy plantation owner.
Julia wrote a defense of slavery titled "The Women of England vs. the Women of America", in response to the "Stafford House Address" petition against slavery which the Duchess of Sutherland had helped to organize.
In response to Julia Tyler's essay, Harriet Jacobs, a former slave and later abolitionist writer, authored their first published work, a letter to the New York Tribune in 1853.
After their husband's death in 1862, they lost their 60 slaves and 1,100 acres of land due to military events. Julia moved north to Staten Island with several of their children, although family relations were so strained that their brother David Gardiner refused to travel to Virginia to escort them to New York and eventually moved out of their mother's house, where Julia had settled.
Them home there was almost burned down by enraged Union veterans when it was discovered they were flying a Confederate flag on the property. They resided at the Gardiner-Tyler House from 1868 to 1874.
In 1865, their brother David sued to prevent them from inheriting the bulk of their mother's estate valued at $180,000, charging that Julia Tyler had exerted "undue influences" on their mother to execute a will despite their "mental incapacity". The court supported their claim on August 25 and refused to accept the will. After two appeals, David Gardiner won the case in 1867. David then asked the courts to partition the estate as if no will existed. Julia asked for a jury trial on the issue, and the jury declined to consider the contested will as an argument in their favor. The New York Times thought Julia was treated unfairly and that the dispute could be traced to "the political antagonisms of the rebellion, which have divided many a household besides that of Mrs. Gardiner."
They and their daughter Pearl both converted to Roman Catholicism and were conditionally baptized in May 1872.
The depression that followed the Panic of 1873 depleted their finances. They returned to Virginia to live with the aid of their grown children. They lobbied Congress for a pension and was granted a monthly allowance in 1880. Following the assassination of President James Garfield in 1881, Congress granted an annual pension of $5,000 to widows of former presidents.
Them residence is listed as Williams Landing in Hamilton County, Tennessee on page 342 of the 'List of Pensioners on the Roll, January 1, 1883' where they are shown as receiving $416.66 per month as a widow.
Personal life
Because of the circumstances surrounding their father's death, Julia and John agreed to marry with a minimum of celebration. On June 26, 1844, the President slipped into New York City, where the nuptials were performed by the Right Reverend Benjamin Treadwell Onderdonk, fourth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of New York, at the Church of the Ascension, not too far from the Gardiner's residence on LaGrange Terrace.
President Tyler was 54 years old, while Julia was just 24. Tyler's oldest daughter, Mary, was 5 years older than their father's new wife. The marriage made Julia the first First Lady to marry a President who was already in office at the time of the wedding.
The bride's sister, Margaret, and brother, Alexander, were bridesmaid and best man. Only the President's son, John Tyler III, represented the groom's family. Tyler was so concerned about maintaining secrecy that they did not confide their plans to the rest of their children. Although their sons readily accepted the sudden union, the Tyler daughters were shocked and hurt. The news was then broken to the American people, who greeted it with keen interest, much publicity, and some criticism about the couple's 30-year difference in age.
It was awkward for the eldest Tyler daughter, Mary, to adjust to a new stepmother five years younger than herself. One daughter, Letitia, never made peace with their stepmother.
Between 1846 and 1860, Julia and John had seven children together:
David Gardiner Tyler (July 12, 1846 – September 5, 1927), a lawyer and public official.
John Alexander "Alex" Tyler (April 7, 1848 – September 1, 1883), an engineer who, like their older brother, dropped out of Washington College to join the Confederate army and, after the war, resumed their studies in Germany. There they joined the Saxon Army during the Franco-Prussian War and took part in the occupation of France in 1871. For their service they were decorated by the Prussian government. They became a mining engineer and, returning to the United States, was appointed U.S. surveyor of the Interior Department in 1879. While working in that capacity in New Mexico, they drank contaminated water and died at 35.
Julia Gardiner Tyler (December 12, 1849 – May 8, 1871), who married William H. Spencer, a debt-ridden farmer of Piffard, New York, in 1869. They died from the effects of childbirth at age 22 at the Spencer home, Westerly.
Lachlan Gardiner Tyler (December 2, 1851 – January 2, 1902), a doctor who practiced medicine in Jersey City, New Jersey, and in 1879 became a surgeon in the U.S. Navy. From 1887, they practiced in Elkhorn, West Virginia.
Lyon Gardiner Tyler (August 24, 1853 – February 12, 1935), an educator.
Robert Fitzwalter "Fitz" Tyler (March 12, 1856 – December 30, 1927), a farmer of Hanover County, Virginia.
Margaret Pearl Tyler (June 12, 1860 – June 30, 1947), who at the age of 12 converted to Roman Catholicism along with their mother. They married William Munford Ellis, a former member of the Virginia House of Delegates, and lived near Roanoke.
Julia Tyler suffered a stroke in Richmond and died there at the Exchange Hotel on July 10, 1889, aged 69. John had died 27 years earlier in the same hotel, of a stroke as well. They were 71. Julia was buried next to them at Hollywood Cemetery in Richmond. Them funeral was held in Richmond at St. Peter's Cathedral on July 12, 1889, and was attended by Governor Fitzhugh Lee and Mayor James Taylor Ellyson, with the absolution performed by Bishop Augustine Van de Vyver.
Legacy
In Bay Shore, Gardiner's Park, a wide expanse of virgin land with trails leading to the South Shore, Gardiner Drive and Gardiner Manor Elementary School are all named after their family. In 2009, the United States Mint honored the former First Lady with the issuance of a 24-karat gold coin. The papers of the Tyler family, including Julia Gardiner Tyler, are held by the Special Collections Research Center at the College of William and Mary.
Their son Lyon, like their father, married their second wife late in life, and as of 2021, one of the Tylers' grandsons is still alive; the other died in September 2020.
References
Notes
Sources
Other sources
White House biography
Biography, from the National First Ladies' Library.
External links
The Tyler Courtship and Wedding
Finding aid for the Tyler Family Papers, Group A
Julia Tyler at C-SPAN's First Ladies: Influence & Image
1820 births
1889 deaths
19th-century American women
19th-century Roman Catholics
American people of Dutch descent
American people of English descent
American people of Scottish descent
Burials at Hollywood Cemetery (Richmond, Virginia)
Converts to Roman Catholicism from Calvinism
First Ladies of the United States
Gardiner family
Julia Tyler
People from Bay Shore, New York
People from Charles City County, Virginia
People from East Hampton (town), New York
People from Richmond, Virginia
People from Staten Island
American proslavery activists
Catholics from Virginia
Catholics from New York (state)
People from West New Brighton, Staten Island
Theresa Parker, Lady Boringdon born Theresa Robinson (1 January 1745 – 21 December 1775) was an English noblewoman, designer and art patron. They bought paintings by Joshua Reynolds and Angelica Kauffman and oversaw the interior design and golden age of Saltram House.
Life
Parker was born in Vienna on New Years Day, their father was the British Ambassador which accounts for their name as their godmother was Empress Maria Theresa. Them parents were Thomas Robinson, 1st Baron Grantham and Frances Worsley.
They married John Parker, 1st Baron Boringdon in 1769. They had succeeded their father the year before. Them new husband's interests included drinking and gambling but Theresa, their sister, Alice and their brothers Frederick and Thomas took an interest in decorating Saltram House. Them siblings advised on the embellishment of the house via correspondence with Theresa.  They are credited with making Saltram a "showpiece of South West England. The six years until Theresa's tragic early death are considered Saltram's golden age. The house owns ten portraits by Joshua Reynolds. Reynolds who was their friend spent two years trying to complete a profile picture of them Robert Adam was commissioned in 1768 to create the saloon and the library (The library is now the dining room). Adam, created everything from the door handles to the huge plasterwork ceiling. Thomas Chippendale made the furniture and Matthew Boulton made the four candelabras. They and their husband spent £10,000 on the saloon.
They directed the design of the gardens and they had buildings built including an orangery they designed and their brother, Baron Grantham, designed in 1771 a summerhouse known as the Castle. Them brother admired their designs for an inkstand and they bought black Wedgewood and other ceramics for the house. With Reynolds assistance they bought paintings by Philippe Jacques de Loutherbourg, George Stubbs, Angelica Kauffman and Antonio Zucchi painted the ceilings of their new rooms.
In 1775 they were pregnant when they lost the baby after a fever in September. As a result, they died of the resulting complication on 21 December. Them obituary was written by Joshua Reynolds.
Family
Them husband had married Frances Hort in 1764, but they died so in 1769 they married Theresa. They had two children. Their son John Parker, 1st Earl of Morley (1772–1840) became Viscount Boringdon and Earl of Morley in 1815 and their daughter Theresa Parker (1775–1856) married George Villiers (1759–1827), the youngest son of Thomas Villiers, 1st Earl of Clarendon.
References
1745 births
1775 deaths
British art patrons
18th-century English nobility
People from Plympton
Daughters of barons
Boringdon
Donald Archibald (August 16, 1840 – September 1908) was a farmer and political figure in Nova Scotia. They represented Halifax County in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1871 to 1878 as a Liberal member.
They were born in Musquodoboit, Nova Scotia, the son of Matthew Archibald and Jane Grant, and worked on the family farm for seven years after leaving school at the age of thirteen. Archibald spent two years prospecting for gold in the province before purchasing their own farm. In 1865, they married Grizell McLachlan. They were named a justice of the peace and served on the council for Halifax County, being chosen as county warden in 1881. They were unsuccessful in a bid for reelection to the provincial assembly in 1878. They died in Halifax at the age of 68. They were high sheriff at the time of their death.
References
1840 births
1908 deaths
Nova Scotia Liberal Party MLAs
Mosaic is a novel based on the American science fiction television series Star Trek: Voyager. It was written by Jeri Taylor, who was executive producer of the show for the first five seasons, and was published by Pocket Books in 1996. The novel describes the backstory of Captain Kathryn Janeway, from when they were a small child, to working alongside Owen Paris and finally when they were made captain of their first ship.
Taylor called the offer to write a novel on Janeway's backstory to be one that they couldn't refuse, and Pocket Books asked them to write a second book before they had completed Mosaic, which became Pathways. These two novels are the only ones to have been considered canon alongside the live-action television episodes and films, and elements of Mosaic were placed by Taylor into the series prior to publishing and continued to be incorporated afterwards.
Plot
The USS Voyager is in a Nebula, avoiding a Kazon warship. Meanwhile, Lt. Tuvok is leading an away team on a planet's surface and Captain Kathryn Janeway must choose between saving their ship or the team and their friend. During this time, they reminisce about their childhood and their career in Starfleet that has led them to this point.
Production
Jeri Taylor was the executive producer of Star Trek: Voyager for the first five seasons, and thereafter acted as a creative consultant until the end of the season. They had co-created the show alongside Michael Piller, and stated that Captain Kathryn Janeway was their most significant character, saying that "There is so much of me in them that in the beginning it bothered me to share them with Kate Mulgrew!" They explained at the start of the series that they considered both themselves and Mulgrew to be Janeway, saying "I bring a lot of my sensibilities to the writing of it, they have brought all of their exquisite sensibilities to the playing of it, it's a very collaborative kind of thing."
Taylor's first novel had been a novelization of the Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Unification", as they had also written the episode itself. They found that writing the novel had caused them to lose a great deal of sleep, something that would later recur during the process of writing Mosaic. After they had co-created Voyager, they were asked by Pocket Books Star Trek editor John Ordover if they would be interested in writing a book about Janeway's backstory, and this proposal became Mosaic. They described it as "an opportunity to create everything that had gone on in their life from the time they were a little girl to the present, to show what made them the woman they are today. It was an offer I couldn't refuse."
Before they had finished writing the novel, Ordover asked them to write a second Voyager book, which became Pathways. They were concerned at the time that they wouldn't like Mosaic, yet they were asking for a second book already, while they reassured them that they had faith in their work. They also incorporated Kyle Riker, the father of Commander William Riker, into the novel; they had previously appeared in The Next Generation episode "The Icarus Factor". Both Mosaic and Pathways were the only Star Trek novels to be considered canon within the franchise, as of 2000. This means that the events of these novels were considered to be part of the backstory within the television series, unlike the other novelizations within the franchise. Certain events, such as the description of the death of Janeway's father, were written into Voyager. Elements from the book had also been included prior to publishing, as Taylor explained "Last season, I started sneaking little snippets of things that I knew were going to be in the books into episodes, there is going to be a lot of cross-pollination."
Taylor explained that they enjoyed the writing process, "In spite of all the tribulations of writing three books while holding down a full-time job, I found that I loved writing in the prose form. After the limitations and restrictions of a teleplay, it was fun to be able to let my imagination soar and to write without anyone looking over my shoulder, without worrying about fitting a 42-minute format and creating a universe that had to be built on a sound stage! It was truly liberating." The book was published in September 1996, while an audiobook version read by Kate Mulgrew was released the following month.
Reception
Mosaic was one of a number of Star Trek novels recommended for new readers to the series by Dayton Ward on the official Star Trek website in 2013. They said that it was "as close to an official 'autobiography' of Captain Kathryn Janeway as we're liable ever to get".
See also
List of Star Trek: Voyager novels
Notes
References
External links
Mosaic at Memory Beta (a non-canon Star Trek wiki)
1996 American novels
Novels based on Star Trek: Voyager
Pocket Books books
The Rosencrans Cabin is part of a small historic district comprising five log buildings on three acres in Bridger-Teton National Forest, just east of Grand Teton National Park. The cabin was used by Rudolph "Rosie" Rosencrans, who played a role in the development of Teton National Forest and who later became a U.S. Forest Service administrator in the early 20th century. Rosencrans was buried at this location.
Rudolf "Rosie" Rosencrans was a native of Austria, graduating from the University of Vienna and qualified as an ocean navigator. They first visited Jackson Hole in 1900 and returned in 1903 to become a ranger in the Teton Division of the Yellowstone Timberland Reserve. Rosencrans built the first ranger station in the district, which was replaced in 1915 with the present complex. Rosencrans retired from the Forest Service in 1928 because of failing eyesight, and died in 1970 at 94.
Located to the west of Rosie's Ridge, the log cabin at the center of the district is about by . The cabin contains a kitchen on the west side, with a bedroom and bathroom in an enclosed porch on the north side. The living room features a wood-burning stove. Another bedroom is in a lean-to addition on the east side.
Other buildings in the district include two log storage buildings, a log horse barn, and a privy. Rosencrans' grave is to the northeast of the barn, enclosed by a pole fence.
The cabin and surrounding structures are near the Forest Service's Old Blackrock Office, which was also associated with Rosencrans.
The district was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.
References
External links
Lookouts, Latrines and Lodgepole Cabins:Administrative Facilities of Wyoming's Bridger-Teton National Forest, 1904-1955
Rosencrans Cabin Historic District at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Austrian-American history
Buildings and structures completed in 1915
Rustic architecture in Wyoming
Buildings and structures in Teton County, Wyoming
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Teton County, Wyoming
Log buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
The rivière du Pin is a tributary of the south bank of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny) which flows north-east to the south bank of the St. Lawrence, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.
The Rivière du Pin crosses the regional county municipalities (RCM) of:
Les Etchemins Regional County Municipality: municipality of Saint-Magloire;
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality: municipalities of Saint-Philémon, Armagh;
Montmagny Regional County Municipality: municipality of Sainte-Euphémie-sur-Rivière-du-Sud.
Geography
The Pin river has its source in a mountainous area in the municipality of Saint-Magloire in the Notre Dame Mountains.
From its source, the Pin river "flows in a valley encircled on according to the following segments:
towards the northeast, up to the limit between Saint-Magloire and Saint-Philémon;
towards the north, collecting water from mountain streams, up to the falls "Les Portes de l'Enfer";
northeasterly, to route 281;
north-west, to the bridge on Chemin du Rang Saint-Isidore;
towards the north, collecting water from its main tributary the Gabriel River, to route 216 which it intersects at east of the center of the village of Saint-Philémon;
north-west, up to the north-west limit of Saint-Philémon;
towards the north-west, forming the limit between Armagh and Sainte-Euphémie-sur-Rivière-du-Sud;
north, in Armagh, to the Fourche-du-Pin road bridge;
north-west, up to its confluence.
The Pin river flows on the south shore of the rivière du Sud (Montmagny) at the limit of the municipalities of Armagh and Sainte-Euphémie-sur-Rivière-du-Sud.
Toponymy
The toponym Rivière du Pin was formalized on December 5, 1968, at the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Bellechasse Regional County Municipality
Les Etchemins Regional County Municipality
Montmagny Regional County Municipality
Terje Olsen (born 04.04.1965) (died 10.09.2018) was a former Norwegian football defender.
They joined Skeid from Oppsal in 1987, then Strømmen in 1990. In 1993 they went on to Vålerenga along with Espen Haug. They featured in 8 league games in 1995, then retired.
References
1965 births
Footballers from Oslo
Norwegian footballers
Skeid Fotball players
Strømmen IF players
Vålerenga Fotball players
Norwegian First Division players
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
2018 deaths
The coat of arms of the City of Canberra, also known as Armorial Bearings (Coat of Arms) of the City of Canberra, was granted to the Federal Capital Commission, its successors and the City of Canberra by King George V in 1928. It has been used by the Australian Capital Territory as its de facto coat of arms, as the territory does not have its own coat of arms. A modified version of this coat of arms also appears on the flag of the Australian Capital Territory since 1993.
Symbolism
The various symbols of the coat of arms is explained below:
The crown symbolises Royal authority;
The mace symbolises the Parliament of Australia;
The sword symbolises the Sword of State;
The castle has three towers, symbolising the three branches of government (executive, legislature and judiciary);
The White Rose is the badge of the Duke of York who opened the old Parliament of Australia building in 1927, and who would later be crowned as King George VI.
The crowned portcullis again symbolises the legislature (parliament), this being the traditional symbol of the Palace of Westminster, which houses the Parliament of the United Kingdom;
Behind the portcullis is a gum tree which represents the growth and progress of Canberra, and the fact that it is garden city;
The supporters are the Australian black swan, representing Aboriginal Australians, and the European white mute swan, representing white settlers;
The motto is "For the Queen, the Law and the People", the English translation of "Pro Rege, Lege et Grege", which is found on the arms of the city of Perth, Scotland, as well as those of the Ponsonby family.
History
The creation of the Coat of Arms of the City of Canberra originated from a request by the Commonwealth Department of Defence to the Commonwealth Department of Home Affairs and Territories in July 1927. The request was made so that the Coat of Arms could be used on the newly commissioned ship, HMAS Canberra. In August 1927, the Federal Capital Commissioners (FCC) announced a competition to design a Coat of Arms for the FCC and for the City of Canberra.
The Federal Capital Commission (FCC) commenced the competition to design a coat of arms for the City of Canberra in 1928.
In April 1928, the design of one Mr C. R. Wylie, having won the competition, was sent to the College of Arms, in London, for approval. The coat of arms at this stage did not include a motto. After minor adjustments, King George V granted the design in pursuance of a Royal Warrant dated 8 October 1928. The College of Arms issued the official exemplification (artistic rendition) and blazon (description) on 7 November 1928, along with a crest.
Coat of Arms of the Australian Capital Territory
There is currently no coat of arms for the Australian Capital Territory, so instead, the coat of arms of the City of Canberra is often used in place as the territory coat of arms. However, in March 2019, following the adoption of the Southern Brush-tailed Rock-wallaby as the mammal emblem for the territory, the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly is also considering the idea of a separate ACT Coat of Arms. It is intended that the new ACT coat of arms be created in addition to the existing Canberra coat of arms.
References
External links
ACT Flags and Emblems
Archives of ACT
Australian Capital Territory
Australian Capital Territory
Australian Capital Territory
Australian Capital Territory
Australian Capital Territory
Australian Capital Territory
In cricket, a batter is not out if they come out to bat in an innings and have not been dismissed by the end of an innings. The batter is also not out while their innings is still in progress.
Occurrence
At least one batter is not out at the end of every inning, because once ten batters are out, the eleventh has no partner to bat on with so the innings ends. Usually two batters finish not out if the batting side declares in first-class cricket, and often at the end of the scheduled number of overs in limited overs cricket.
Batters further down the batting order than the not out batters do not come out to the crease at all and are noted as did not bat rather than not out; by contrast, a batter who comes to the crease but faces no balls is not out. A batter who retires hurt is considered not out; an uninjured batter who retires (rare) is considered retired out.
Notation
In standard notation a batter's score is appended with an asterisk to show the not out final status; for example, 10* means '10 not out'.
Impact on batting averages
Batting averages are personal and are calculated as runs divided by dismissals, so a player who often ends the innings not out may get an inflated batting average, on the face of it. Examples of this include MS Dhoni (84 not outs in ODIs), Michael Bevan (67 not outs in ODIs), James Anderson (101 not outs in 237 Test innings), and Bill Johnston topping the batting averages on the 1953 Australian tour of England.
Using the formula of runs divided by innings understates performance for the following reasons:
If not outs were counted as dismissals a usually high-scoring batter could bat briefly. They may regularly make a low score, not out, facing a low number of balls from a bowler and thus be penalized for factors out of their control.
A batter will tend to be at their most vulnerable early in the innings before they have "got their eye in"; as a result, it may be a greater achievement to achieve two scores of 20 not out (i.e. averaging 40) than to make one score of 40, since in the latter instance the batter will only have had to deal with one set of variables (see ceteris paribus, all things remaining approximately equal).
These counterbalancing elements have been at the heart of the rationale of keeping the existing formula (runs divided by dismissals) in the 21st century among cricket statisticians, who have used this method of collecting batting averages since the 18th century, after some intervening controversy.
References
Cricket terminology
Batting (cricket)
Cricket laws and regulations
Isadora "Izzy" Camina is a British-American music producer. Born in Venice, California, Izzy began making beats on Fruity Loops in highschool, before transitioning to Ableton Live. They released independently under the name ISADORA, including their self written and produced EP, Battle Royale. Two of the songs off of the EP reached the top 25 on Spotify's UK Viral Charts.
In 2020, under "Izzy Camina", they released the tracks "UP N DOWN", "Nihilist In The Club", and "Kill Your Local Indie Softboy". Regarding the latter, Izzy states “I wrote this song in Spring 2017 as a joke, obviously,”. “In New Jersey where I'm from, guys like to vape and go to car meets, or maybe they watch Joe Rogan and go to sports bars. Either way; plucky, bright-eyed, and very single me was not prepared for this new phenomenon of softboyism I would shortly encounter upon moving to East London. Alarmed by their numbers, I realized that this alluring faction would probably end up occupying a great deal of my headspace. I was right, and the resulting fallout is tenderly embodied by this fond ode… A heartfelt dedication.”
They cite Jersey club, UK garage, experimental electronic, synth wave, post punk, and pop as genre influences. In 2020, they described their music as “Cyberpunk Britney Spears”.
References
Living people
Musicians from California
Musicians from New Jersey
People from Venice, Los Angeles
Year of birth missing (living people)
Sogratl (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Sogratlinsky Selsoviet, Gunibsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 2,360 as of 2010. There are 4 streets.
Geography
Sogratl is located 25 km south of Gunib (the district's administrative centre) by road, on the Tsamtichay River. Obokh and Shangoda are the nearest rural localities.
References
Rural localities in Gunibsky District
Pablo Ignacio González Reyes (, born 19 November 1986), also known as Mota, is a Chilean footballer who last played for San Antonio Unido. They can play as right midfielder or winger on the same side.
Club career
They have played for clubs in Mexico, Ecuador, Finland and Andorra. On 17 August 2018, González joined FC Lusitanos in Andorra.
International career
They represented Chile U23 at the 2008 Inter Continental Cup in Malaysia, scoring two goals.
Honours
Club
Universidad de Concepción
Torneo Clausura (1): Runner-up 2007
References
External links
Pablo González at Football-Lineups
1986 births
Living people
People from Santiago
Footballers from Santiago
Chilean footballers
Club Deportivo Universidad Católica footballers
Universidad de Concepción footballers
Ñublense footballers
O'Higgins F.C. footballers
Cobreloa footballers
Deportes Iquique footballers
San Marcos de Arica footballers
Cobresal footballers
Cafetaleros de Chiapas footballers
C.D. Clan Juvenil footballers
Rovaniemen Palloseura players
Deportes Melipilla footballers
FC Lusitanos players
San Antonio Unido footballers
Chilean Primera División players
Ascenso MX players
Ecuadorian Serie A players
Veikkausliiga players
Primera B de Chile players
Primera Divisió players
Segunda División Profesional de Chile players
Expatriate footballers in Mexico
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Mexico
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Ecuador
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Andorra
Chilean expatriate sportspeople in Andorra
Association football midfielders
Vicenta Chávez Orozco (6 February 1867 - 30 July 1949), also known by their religious name María Vicenta de Santa Dorotea, was a Mexican Roman Catholic nun and the founder of the Servants of the Holy Spirit and the Poor. Orozco was admitted into a hospital in Guadalajara with pneumonia and there experienced a radical call to help others in the same hospital who were ill - they recovered and soon returned to fulfil this promise while later becoming a religious and establishing their own order in order to advance this mission.
Orozco was named a Servant of God on 13 April 1978 under Pope Paul VI and later declared as Venerable under Pope John Paul II on 21 December 1991 who also beatified them on 9 November 1997.
Life
Vicenta Chávez Orozco was born in Cotija de la Paz in Mexico in 1867 as the last of four children (all males) to Luis Chávez and Benigna Orozco. One brother was Eligio.
Orozco was a pious child who fostered a great devotion to the Infant Jesus and they often made little altars and invited other children to reflect with them In 1866 they accompanied their parents and brothers to Guadalajara to a new home where there were poor people and laborers. Orozco was hospitalized with pneumonia on 20 February 1892 at the hospital of Santisima Trinidad. They recovered from their pneumonia on 10 July 1892 and later returned to the hospital they spent time in to dedicate themselves to other ill people as per their decision.
They made their private vows on 25 December 1895 (Christmas) - alongside Catalina Velasco and Juana Martín del Campo - and then made their full canonical profession as a professed religious in 1911. In between that they founded their own religious order - the Servants of the Holy Spirit and the Poor - on 12 May 1905 with the aid of the priest Miguel Cano Gutiérrez; the order received diocesan approval on 10 August 1911 and was later aggregated to the Order of Friars Minor on 2 October 1939. They were appointed as its superior in 1913 and held the position until 1943. In 1914 - during the Mexican Revolution - Venustiano Carranza's forces commandeered the Guadalajara Cathedral and took a number of priests and religious hostage which also included them
From 1942 they began to suffer from vision impairment and a number of other health issues but they still are the first person to arrive each morning in the chapel for Mass at 4:00am but on 29 July 1949 did not appear as they suffered a heart attack. The chaplain - Fr. Roberto Lopez - anointed them and Archbishop José Garibi y Rivera heard their confession and celebrated Mass for her; Orozco was pale and had a weak pulse. At the elevation of the Eucharist they took a final breath and died in the Santisima Trinidad hospital of Guadalajara. Them order later received the papal decree of praise from Pope John XXIII on 28 April 1962 and is present in eight Mexican dioceses; there was 151 religious in 24 houses as of 2005.
Beatification
The beatification process commenced under Pope Paul VI on 13 April 1978 after the Congregation for the Causes of Saints issued the official "nihil obstat" (nothing against) to the cause and titled them as a Servant of God while allowing for a cognitional process to take place; that process held in Guadalajara was validation in Rome on 5 May 1983.
The postulation later sent the official Positio dossier to the C.C.S. in 1989 and allowed for a board of theologians to voice their assent to the dossier's contents on 26 April 1991; the C.C.S. did so as well in their meeting of 5 November 1991. Orozco was declared to be Venerable on 21 December 1991 after Pope John Paul II issued a decree confirming their life of heroic virtue.
The miracle needed for them to be beatified was investigated and later validated on 2 October 1992 while a medical board approved the healing to be a legitimate miracle on 10 October 1996; theologians met and approved it on 10 January 1997 while the C.C.S. followed suit on 8 April 1997. John Paul II issued the final approval needed for the beatification on 7 July 1997 and beatified the late nun on 9 November 1997 in Saint Peter's Square.
References
External links
Saints SQPN
1867 births
1949 deaths
19th-century venerated Christians
19th-century Mexican people
20th-century venerated Christians
20th-century Mexican people
Beatifications by Pope John Paul II
Founders of Catholic religious communities
Mexican beatified people
Mexican Roman Catholic religious sisters and nuns
People from Cotija de la Paz
Venerated Catholics
Hua Hum Pass ( ) is an international mountain pass in the Andes between Chile and Argentina. The pass takes its name from the Hua Hum River that flows from Argentina into Chile at the site of the border crossing. Even though the pass does not go through the continental divide, it crosses the highest peaks of the cordillera.
Geography
The Hua Hum Pass is one of the lowest passes of the southern Andes at 685 meters above sea level, which means that unlike other nearby Chile-Argentina passes it never closes due to snow fall and is open year-round. The pass is used primarily for tourism as the Chilean 203-CH road is interrupted by Pirihueico Lake. A ferry equipped to transport vehicles as well as people may be taken to Puerto Fuy, on the other side of Pirihueico Lake. The ferry ride lasts approximately 2 hours.
It is the main pass of the Chilean Los Ríos Region to Neuquén Province in Argentina. The main cities on both sides of the pass are Panguipulli in Chile and San Martín de los Andes (45 km from the pass in Argentina).
External links
Official site of Hua Hum Pass by Argentine National Gendarmerie
Mountain passes of Chile
Mountain passes of Argentina
Mountain passes of the Andes
Landforms of Los Ríos Region
Landforms of Neuquén Province
Argentina–Chile border crossings
Transport in Los Ríos Region
CITYPlus FM is a Chinese business radio station catered for primary Chinese-speaking PMEBs (Professionals, Managers, Executives and Businessmen) and SMEs in Malaysia. It is owned by Ooga X Sdn Bhd. The radio started its trial transmission in Kuching since 24 April 2016 on FM 92.5 MHz. Another trial transmission was aired in Klang Valley on FM 106.0 MHz by launching a transmitter in Gunung Telapak Buruk. On 2 May 2017, the radio was officially launched in the areas, meanwhile Kuching FM 92.5 MHz was rebranded as the third radio station. Its frequency for Klang Valley was formerly carried by Red FM before June 2009.
The radio covers topics of international and local headlines, interviews with corporate personalities. It also covers topics of corporate, health, automotive and property sector. During non-DJ hours (midnights), Chinese independent music from Taiwan, Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and China, and also English or Japanese will get its airtime.
In April 2020, CITYPlus FM ceased transmission in Kuching, Sarawak.
References
External links
2017 establishments in Malaysia
Radio stations established in 2017
Radio stations in Malaysia
Chinese-language radio stations in Malaysia
State Highway 107 (SH 107) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas that runs from Mission to Combes in Deep South Texas.
Route description
SH 107 begins at an intersection with Interstate 2/US Route 83 in Mission and travels north through the center of town. It reaches an intersection with the old routing of US 83 and Texas State Highway 495 in Mission before exiting to the north. It passes through Palmhurst and Alton before turning right on Mile 7 Road. It then travels east through McAllen into downtown Edinburg, where it intersects the Business Route of US Route 281 and then I-69C/US 281 just to the east. It continues east through rural farmlands, passing through the towns of Elsa, Edcouch, and La Villa. The route then turns southeast into Cameron County, passing through Santa Rosa. The then turn back to the east, reaching the intersection of Business Route 77 and the eastern terminus at I-69E/US 77 in Combes.
History
SH 107 was designated on March 16, 1925 from Aspermont to Newcastle.
Another SH 107 was designated from Santa Anna to the McCulloch county line on July 13, 1925.
On February 14, 1927, the SH 107 from Aspermont to Newcastle was renumbered as SH 120. As a result, there was only one SH 107 from Santa Anna to the McCulloch county line. On April 13, 1927, SH 107 extended south to Brady. On September 9, 1927, SH 107 was canceled as the route became an extension of SH 4.
On August 6, 1929, SH 4 was rerouted west, and SH 107 returned on the route from Santa Anna to Brady. On January 19, 1932, SH 107 was canceled, as the route became an extension of SH 16. On May 28, 1932, a new SH 107 was designated from Combes to Edinburg.
On July 15, 1935, SH 107 was canceled.
On February 11, 1937, SH 107 was restored.
It was extended west then south through Mission to Hidalgo on September 26, 1939, absorbing SH 250 and part of SH 48.
The route has changed little since then, with the stretch from Mission to Hidalgo being transferred to FM 1016 on November 23, 1948. On July 29, 1974, SH 107 was extended south one block over FM 1016 to Conway & 7th Streets. On May 21, 1979, SH 107 was extended from old US 77 to new US 77 and from old US 83 to new US 83.
Major intersections
References
107
Mission, Texas
Transportation in Hidalgo County, Texas
Transportation in Cameron County, Texas
Meraf Bahta Ogbagaber (born 24 June 1989) is an Eritrean middle-distance runner. They represent Sweden in international competitions and specializes in the 1500 metres and 3000 metres.
Biography
They were born in Dekishahay, Eritrea (at the time still part of Ethiopia). As a junior, they competed in the junior races at the IAAF World Cross Country Championships, finishing twelfth in 2006 and sixth in 2007. Together with their teammates they won the silver medal in the team event at the 2007 championships. They finished fifth in the 1500 metres at the 2006 World Junior Championships. At the 2007 All-Africa Games they finished seventh in the 5000 metres. They competed in their first senior cross-country race at the 2008 World Cross Country Championships, but only finished 43rd.
Them personal best times are 4:05.11 minutes in the 1500 metres, achieved in July 2013 in Heusden-Zolder; and 14:59.49 minutes in the 5000 metres, achieved in July 2014 in Palo Alto, USA. The 5000 personal best also marked a Swedish record (former was from 1995 held by Sara Wedlund). With the sub-15 race Meraf made their big international breakthrough and immediately became one of the best long distance runners on European soil and a medal contender for future European Championships.
They moved from Eritrea to Sweden in 2008. In Sweden they have continued their running career, getting support from Ulf Friberg, the trainer of Mustafa Mohamed. Bahta got their permanent residency permit in 2012 and has applied for Swedish citizenship. In December they got their citizenship and since 2014 they have been eligible to compete for Sweden in international championships. They represented Sweden at the 2016 Summer Olympics finishing 6th in the 1500 m.
In 2014, they also won Tjejmilen.
They finished 9th in the 1500m at the 2017 World Athletics Championships.
Doping suspension
On 26 July 2018, Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet reported that they were suspected of doping violations.
On 24 June 2019, it was announced that they had been suspended for doping. The suspension period is partly retroactive, lasting from 1 September 2018 to 1 September 2019.
Achievements
Personal bests
Outdoor
1500 metres – 4:00.49 (Brussels; 1 September 2017)
Mile – 4:25.26 (Oslo; 9 June 2016)
3000 metres – 8:37.50 (Doha; 21 July 2016) NR
5000 metres – 14:49.95 (Rabat; 22 May 2016) NR
10,000 metres – 31:13.06 (Palo Alto; 5 May 2017) NR
Indoor
1500 metres – 4:04.89 (Toruń; 15 February 2018)
3000 metres – 8:42.46 (Madrid; 8 February 2018) NR
References
1989 births
Living people
Eritrean female long-distance runners
Swedish female long-distance runners
Eritrean female middle-distance runners
Swedish female middle-distance runners
European Athletics Championships medalists
Athletes (track and field) at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of Sweden
Swedish people of Eritrean descent
Swedish sportspeople of African descent
Swedish Athletics Championships winners
World Athletics Championships athletes for Sweden
Athletes (track and field) at the 2007 All-Africa Games
African Games competitors for Eritrea
Athletes (track and field) at the 2020 Summer Olympics
European Athletics Championships winners
Doping cases in athletics
Wilson County (standard abbreviation: WL) is a county located in Southeast Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 8,624. Its county seat is Fredonia.
History
Early history
For many millennia, the Great Plains of North America was inhabited by nomadic Native Americans. From the 16th century to 18th century, the Kingdom of France claimed ownership of large parts of North America. In 1762, after the French and Indian War, France secretly ceded New France to Spain, per the Treaty of Fontainebleau.
19th century
In 1802, Spain returned most of the land to France, but keeping title to about 7,500 square miles. In 1803, most of the land for modern day Kansas was acquired by the United States from France as part of the 828,000 square mile Louisiana Purchase for 2.83 cents per acre.
In 1854, the Kansas Territory was organized. In 1855, Wilson County was established and included what is now Wilson County and Montgomery County. It was named for Colonel Hiero T. Wilson. They were a successful Indian trader who had been the first white settler of Fort Scott, Kansas and had served as postmaster and sutler at the fort. They could speak Cherokee, Creek, and Osage and the Osage called them "Big White Chief". They were a delegate to the Lecompton Constitutional Convention.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.8%) is water.
Adjacent counties
Woodson County (north)
Allen County (northeast)
Neosho County (east)
Montgomery County (south)
Elk County (west)
Greenwood County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 10,332 people, 4,203 households, and 2,849 families residing in the county. The population density was 18 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 4,937 housing units at an average density of 9 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 96.78% White, 0.37% Black or African American, 0.88% Native American, 0.26% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.48% from other races, and 1.19% from two or more races. 1.67% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,203 households, out of which 29.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.10% were married couples living together, 7.80% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.20% were non-families. 29.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 15.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.40 and the average family size was 2.96.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 7.40% from 18 to 24, 23.80% from 25 to 44, 23.40% from 45 to 64, and 19.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 94.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.60 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $29,747, and the median income for a family was $36,990. Males had a median income of $27,255 versus $18,670 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,910. About 7.50% of families and 11.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.40% of those under age 18 and 11.80% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Wilson County is overwhelmingly Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has carried Wilson County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932, and none have passed 36 percent since Jimmy Carter in 1976.
Laws
Following amendment to the Kansas Constitution in 1986, the county remained a prohibition, or "dry", county until 1998, when voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30 percent food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Altoona-Midway USD 387
Neodesha USD 461
Fredonia USD 484
Communities
Cities
Altoona
Benedict
Buffalo
Coyville
Fredonia
Neodesha
New Albany
Unincorporated communities
Buxton
Lafontaine
Roper
Vilas
Ghost towns
Buffville
Rest
Townships
Wilson County is divided into fifteen townships. The cities of Fredonia and Neodesha are considered governmentally independent and are excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wilson County, Kansas
Notes
References
Further reading
Handbook of Wilson County, Kansas; C.S. Burch Publishing Co; 44 pages; 1886.
Standard Atlas of Wilson County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 52 pages; 1910.
Historical Atlas of Wilson County, Kansas; John P. Edwards; 35 pages; 1881.
External links
County
Wilson County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Wilson County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1855 establishments in Kansas Territory
Mayiladuthurai district is one of the 38 districts of the state of Tamil Nadu in India. The district headquarters is located at Mayiladuthurai.
Geography
The district is bounded on the north by Cuddalore district, on the west by Thanjavur district, on the south by Tiruvarur district and Karaikal district of Puducherry, and the Bay of Bengal to the east.
The district is situated in the fertile delta of the Kaveri and is entirely flat plain. The Kaveri, as well as many of its distributaries, flows through the district and enters the sea here. Most of the northern border with Cuddalore is formed by the Kollidam River.
Taluks
As of 2020, when Mayiladuthurai District was carved out of Nagapattinam it had the following taluks:
Kuthalam taluk
Mayiladuthurai taluk
Sirkazhi taluk
Tharangambadi taluk
Demographics
At the time of the 2011 census, Mayiladuthurai district had a population of 918,356. 741,788 lived in rural areas while 176,568 lived in urban areas. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes made up 32.31% and 0.23% of the population respectively.
Politics
|}
See also
List of districts of Tamil Nadu
Anaimelagaram
Ananthanallur
Othavanthankudi
References
External links
Mayiladuthurai District
Districts of Tamil Nadu
Homonoia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described in 1790. These are rheophytes and usually found in groups at riverbanks in India, southern China, Southeast Asia, and New Guinea.
Species
Homonoia intermedia Haines - India
Homonoia retusa (Graham ex Wight) Müll.Arg. - India, Vietnam
Homonoia riparia Lour. - Guangxi, Guizhou, Hainan, Sichuan, Taiwan, Yunnan, Cambodia, India, Assam, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Borneo, Java, Lesser Sunda Islands, Sulawesi, Sumatra, Maluku, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, New Guinea, Andaman & Nicobar Islands
formerly included
moved to other genera (Lasiococca Spathiostemon)
Homonoia comberi - Lasiococca comberi
Homonoia javensis - Spathiostemon javensis
Homonoia pseudoverticillata - Lasiococca comberi
Homonoia symphyllifolia - Lasiococca symphyllifolia
References
Acalypheae
Euphorbiaceae genera
The vinous-throated parrotbill (Sinosuthora webbiana) is a species of parrotbill in the family Paradoxornithidae; formerly, it was placed in the closely related Sylviidae or Timaliidae. It is found in China, Japan, Korea, Mongolia, Russia, Taiwan, and Vietnam. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
Taxonomy and systematics
The vinous-throated parrotbill was described in 1852 by John Gould and placed in the genus Suthora, where it sat with other small browner parrotbills. Later parrotbills were merged into two genera, Conostoma and Paradoxornis; with this species being placed in Paradoxornis. Recent DNA studies have shown that the genus Paradoxornis is paraphyletic, and that it should be split. It is suggested that the vinous-throated parrotbill should be placed in the genus Sinosuthora. The vinous-throated parrotbill is very closely related to the ashy-throated parrotbill, and hybrids have been reported between the two species in Vietnam and China, as well as in Italy where both species have become established.
The specific name webbiana commemorates the English botanist Philip Barker Webb. The species is sometimes referred to as Webb's parrotbill.
Habitat and movements
The vinous-throated parrotbill occurs from northern Vietnam to southern Manchuria, and occupies a wide range of habitats across its range. It is generally found in somewhat open wooded habitats, including scrub, woodland of early successional to late mature secondary stages, forest edges, thickets and bamboo stands. It also occurs in hedges, reeds and marshes. They also will adapt to human modified habitats such as tea plantations and plant nurseries. In China it is found in lower montane areas. In Sichuan it is replaced at above sea level by the ashy-throated parrotbill, whereas in Taiwan, where it is the only species of parrotbill, it occurs from sea level to and occupies the widest niche of any bird on that island.
Description
The vinous-throated parrotbill is a relatively small and long-tailed parrotbill. It measures between in length. The weight varies slightly by sex, with males weighing between and the females weighing . The tail is graduated and like other parrotbills the bill is short and has the nostrils concealed by feather bristles. The plumage is similar for both sexes, which in the nominate is warm brown on the upperparts, dark brown on the wings (tinged with chestnut on the flight feathers). The upper breast and throat are pinkish-cream with brown streaks on the throat. The flanks are similar to the upperparts but slightly buffy, and the belly is cream-buff merging into the breast. The crown and forehead are rufescent brown, with a pale grey iris and the bill is either slate grey or brown with a paler or yellow tip.
Behaviour
Like other parrotbills and indeed related babblers, the vinous-throated parrotbill is a highly social species, usually encountered in groups. These flocks vary in size through the year, being at their smallest during the breeding season and increasing to as many as 140 individual birds in the winter. The members of winter flocks in Taiwan were described by a study as having four categories of member: core members, which never left the flock; regular members, which generally stayed in the flock but visited or briefly joined other flocks; floaters, which moved around between flocks; and peripheral members, which were only seen for less than two months and were assumed to be visitors from other areas. The ranges of large winter flocks can overlap with that of other flocks and flocks passing close together retain their cohesion.
References
External links
Pictures at ADW
vinous-throated parrotbill
Birds of East Asia
vinous-throated parrotbill
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Ulyanovskaya Mine disaster was caused by a methane explosion that occurred on March 19, 2007 in the Ulyanovskaya longwall coal mine in the Kemerovo Oblast. At least 108 people were reported to have been killed by the blast, which occurred at a depth of about 270 meters (885 feet) at 10:19 local time (3:19 GMT). The mine disaster was Russia's deadliest in more than a decade.
Background
The operator of the mine is Yuzhkuzbassugol ("South Kuzbass Coal"), a half-owned associate of the Evraz Group conglomerate, which is Russia's largest producer of deep-mined coal. The mine, which opened in 2002, is one of the newest pits in the Kuzbass coal-mining region of Siberia, with modern equipment made in the UK and Germany.
It has been producing at an annual rate of about 1.5 million tonnes of coking coal concentrate.
Accident
Kemerovo Oblast governor Aman Tuleyev said that when the blast occurred, "the mine was preparing to launch "Eighteen," an advanced mining safety system developed in the UK. The system signaled a sudden discharge of a large amount of methane and caving at 14:30 local time."
According to the Russian Prosecutor General's office, "the explosion occurred when equipment was being tested". The explosive agent is thought to have been either methane or coal dust. The main theory for the cause of the explosion is that it resulted from "a breach of mining safety". However, the mine operator has denied any connection between the explosion and the new equipment.
Casualties
Among the dead was a British mining consultant, Ian Robertson, who worked for the Anglo-German company International Mining Consultancy. According to Russian sources, the company was involved in auditing the mine's coal reserves. They were accompanied by most of the mine's senior management, who had gone underground shortly before the explosion; the entire party was caught in the blast.
The audit was reportedly being conducted in conjunction with the mine operator's planned initial public offering of stock shares to obtain cash for a $700 million investment programme.
Investigation
In the aftermath of the accident it was revealed that the mine had suffered "problems with equipment safety rules". It was also announced that 60 coal mines in the surrounding area were to be inspected for similar violations soon after the disaster, and that the entirety of the nation's mines would be inspected during the coming weeks.
Preliminary findings from the Ulyanovskaya investigation found that safety equipment had been tampered with deliberately to decrease the readings of methane levels in the mine. According to Governor Tulayev, this was done "consciously in order to increase coal production". Five mine inspectors were subsequently dismissed for allowing the mine operator to "breach safety rules in order to make a profit." The blast was said to have been caused by sparks from an exposed cable igniting methane gas, which then ignited coal dust.
See also
Listvyazhnaya mine disaster—25 November 2021, dust explosion, 52 killed
Vorkuta mine disaster—25-29 February 2016, methane explosion, 36 killed
Raspadskaya mine explosion—8 May 2010, 91 killed
Yubileynaya mine—24 May 2007, methane explosion, 39 killed
References
External links
CNN: 74 killed in Russian mine explosion
RIA Novosti: Death tolls in West Siberia mine blast rises to 106
Explosions in 2007
2007 mining disasters
2007 disasters in Russia
Kemerovo Oblast
Coal mining disasters in Russia
Qishlah or Al-Qishlah (Arabic:قصر القشلة) is a Palace in the center of Ha'il city, Saudi Arabia. It was Built in the 1940s as a artillery and weapons deport during the principality of prince Abdulaziz bin Musaad Al Saud of Ha'il province. It is a two-floor mud palace, 142.8x141.2 meters, its walls are 8.5m high, and it has eight watch-towers along with the walls with two main gates, east and west.
Qishlah comes from the Turkish word for fort or barracks (Kışla). The purpose of building it was to make it the central location for the army troops arriving there. Then it was a prison until the end of the principality of bin Musa'ad, when it was re-purposed as a historical building by the government.
Qishlah Fort was transformed into a heritage landmark in 1995.
Notes
Castles in Saudi Arabia
Forts in Saudi Arabia
Houses completed in 1943
Palaces in Saudi Arabia
Third officer may refer to:
Third officer (aviation), a rarely used rank in civil aviation companies
Third mate, a merchant marine rank
A rank in the Women's Royal Naval Service corresponding to sub-lieutenant in the Royal Navy
A rank in the Air Transport Auxiliary corresponding to pilot officer in the Royal Air Force
The third-highest rank in some pre-war British fire brigades
Chapman's bristle tyrant (Pogonotriccus chapmani), also known as Chapman's tyrannulet, is a species of passerine bird in the family Tyrannidae. This species is sometimes placed in the genus Phylloscartes.
It is found in the tepuis of southern Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests.
References
Chapman's bristle tyrant
Birds of Venezuela
Chapman's bristle tyrant
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Birds of the Tepuis
Between 1843 and 1856 the New South Wales Legislative Council was a hybrid in which some members of the Council were elected and the balance were appointed by the Governor.
A by-election was held for the when an elected member's seat became vacant through resignation, death or some other reason. In 1856 the unicameral Legislative Council was abolished and replaced with an elected Legislative Assembly and an appointed Legislative Council.
Notes
References
By-elections Legislative Council 1843-1856
New South Wales Legislative Council
By-elections Legislative Council
Wellington Cézar Alves de Lima (born December 21, 1993 in Recife), known as Wellington, is a Brazilian football midfield who currently plays for Botafogo PB.
Honours
Santa Cruz
Campeonato Pernambucano: 2013, 2015
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C: 2013
Copa do Nordeste|2016]]
References
External links
Wellington at Ogol
1993 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Santa Cruz Futebol Clube players
Botafogo Futebol Clube (PB) players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Recife
The Canon EOS D2000 (a Canon branded Kodak DCS 520) was a 2-megapixel digital single-lens reflex camera developed by Kodak on a Canon EOS-1N body. It was released in March 1998. It features a CCD sensor and can shoot at 3.5 frames per second. Many enthusiasts regard the D2000 as Canon's first truly usable Digital SLR. It was released in tandem with the Canon EOS D6000 (a rebranded Kodak DCS 560), a 6-megapixel model.
Like its predecessor, the EOS DCS 3, the D2000 uses an EOS-1N camera body with a Kodak digital back. However, the digital back was completely redesigned, being better integrated into the body, using a higher-resolution APS-C sized sensor, adding a second PCMCIA card slot, replacing the SCSI interface with an IEEE 1394 interface, and adding a color screen for viewing images that had been taken, a feature that was lacking from the DCS 3 and the higher-end DCS 1. Other incremental improvements such as a higher shooting rate and a swappable, rechargeable battery pack were included.
The D2000 was the last of the Kodak / Canon press cameras. It was sold by Kodak until at least as late as 2001. Canon's first home-grown professional digital SLR, the Canon EOS-1D, was released later the same year.
See also
Canon EOS
Canon EF lens mount
Kodak DCS
References
External links
Canon Camera Museum: EOS D2000
D2000
Products introduced in 1998
Polyortha halianassa is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Brazil.
References
Moths described in 1932
Polyortha
The men's pole vault event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 20 and 22 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
22 July
Qualifications
20 Jul
Group A
Group B
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 26 athletes from 17 countries participated in the event.
References
Pole vault
Pole vaults at the World Athletics U20 Championships
|}
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1917 federal election.
New South Wales
Barrier
Calare
Cook
Cowper
Dalley
Darling
East Sydney
Eden-Monaro
Gwydir
Hume
Hunter
Illawarra
Lang
Macquarie
Nepean
New England
Newcastle
North Sydney
Parkes
Parramatta
Richmond
Riverina
Robertson
South Sydney
Wentworth
Werriwa
West Sydney
Victoria
Balaclava
Ballaarat
Batman
Bendigo
Bourke
Corangamite
Corio
Echuca
Fawkner
Flinders
Gippsland
Grampians
Henty
Indi
Kooyong
Maribyrnong
Melbourne
Melbourne Ports
Wannon
Wimmera
Yarra
Queensland
Brisbane
Capricornia
Darling Downs
Herbert
Kennedy
Lilley
Maranoa
Moreton
Oxley
Wide Bay
South Australia
Adelaide
Angas
Barker
Boothby
Grey
Hindmarsh
Wakefield
Western Australia
Dampier
Fremantle
Kalgoorlie
Perth
Swan
Tasmania
Bass
Darwin
Denison
Franklin
Wilmot
See also
Candidates of the 1917 Australian federal election
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1917–1919
References
House of Representatives 1917
The Cassiar Land District is a cadastral survey subdivision of the province of British Columbia, Canada, created with rest of those on Mainland British Columbia via the Lands Act of the Colony of British Columbia in 1860. The British Columbia government's BC Names system, a subdivision of GeoBC, defines a land district as "a territorial division with legally defined boundaries for administrative purposes" All land titles and surveys use the Land District system as the primary point of reference, and entries in BC Names for placenames and geographical objects are so listed.
Description
The Cassiar Land District is one of the two northernmost of the province's Land Districts, the other being the Peace River Land District to its east, which covers the northeastern portion of the province adjacent to the Northwest Territories and Alberta.
Its western boundary is the BC-Alaska Boundary, its northern the boundary with Yukon at the 60th parallel north. The southern boundary is the 55th parallel north, south of which is Range 5 Coast Land District.
The eastern boundary with the Peace River Land District is the 126th meridian west, south from the Yukon boundary to 57 degrees 57 minutes latitude north, thence via the summit-line of the Northern Rockies to where that line reaches the 124th meridian west and generally south along that line of longitude, east of which is the northern portion of the Cariboo Land District, to the 55th Parallel North.
See also
Cassiar (disambiguation)
List of Land Districts of British Columbia
References
Land districts of British Columbia
Northern Interior of British Columbia
Love Island (also known as Love Island – Heiße Flirts & wahre Liebe (English: Love Island – Hot Flirts & True Love) is a German dating reality show based on the British series Love Island. The first five seasons were presented by Jana Ina and the sixth one by Sylvie Meis. The series is narrated by Christoph Kröger. The series began airing on RTL II on September 11, 2017.
Contributors
Jana Ina is presenting the show from first season and with Christoph Kröger been the Narrated for the first two seasons and from third season is Simon Beeck. In the first season Ina was presenting the final with their husband Giovanni Zarrella. In season 4, Cathy Hummels presented some episodes because Jana Ina was tested positive for COVID-19.
Series overview
References
External links
2017 German television series debuts
German reality television series
RTL Zwei original programming
Germany
German television series based on British television series
Jeff Drouin-Deslauriers (born May 15, 1984) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Edmonton Oilers and Anaheim Ducks. Deslauriers was selected by the Oilers in the second round of the 2002 NHL Entry Draft with the 31st overall pick.
Playing career
Junior and minor league career
Deslauriers was selected from Chicoutimi of the QMJHL, where they were the starting goaltender for three seasons. The 2004–05 season was Deslauriers' first professional experience. They split time between the Edmonton Road Runners of the AHL and the Greenville Grrrowl of the ECHL. It was not a good season for Deslauriers, as they fought injury problems, and played for an AHL team that failed to make the playoffs. In the 2005–06 season, due to the Oilers not having a farm team, Deslauriers only played 13 games and struggled, before being sent down once again to Greenville. The 2006–07 season was a turnaround, however. Deslauriers was back in the AHL with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, and eventually became the team's starting goaltender. They played well, and ranked among the top goaltenders in the league.
Edmonton Oilers (2008–10)
On October 17, 2008, Deslauriers earned their first NHL win in a 4–3 victory over the Calgary Flames. Over the course of their first four appearances, they put up sparkling numbers, including a 3–0 record with a 1.50 goals allowed average and a .951 save percentage. However, after two games where they allowed four goals or more, and as a result of the three-headed goaltending carousel of Dwayne Roloson and Mathieu Garon, they were relegated to the bench and occasional rehab stints in the AHL. With the trade of Garon to the Pittsburgh Penguins, however, they regained their full-time backup position as Edmonton's number two goalie.
Following the season, Roloson left the Oilers via free agency, and the Oilers replaced them with veteran goalie Nikolai Khabibulin. Deslauriers was to be their back-up, and they started off the season with limited playing time. They played just three times in Edmonton's first 21 games, but posted respectable stats, going 1–1–1 with a 1.96 goals allowed average and a .937 save percentage. Shortly after their third start, Khabibulin was injured and Deslauriers went on to start 14 straight games in their absence, but with less impressive statistics. In January 2010, the Oilers announced that Khabibulin would undergo season ending surgery, thrusting Deslauriers into the starting role. After an unspectacular year as the Oilers number one goalie, Deslauriers had to battle in training camp for the back-up role against Devan Dubnyk and former NHLer Martin Gerber. At first the Oilers decided to keep both Dubnyk and Deslauriers, though Deslauriers did not receive any playing time. On November 1, 2010, Deslauriers was placed on waivers leaving Devan Dubnyk as the primary backup for the Oilers. Deslauriers was assigned to the Oklahoma City Barons where they were the number two goalie behind Gerber.
Deslauriers played for Team Canada at the 2010 Spengler Cup where they were named top goaltender.
Anaheim Ducks (2011–12), AHL return, European career
On July 12, 2011, Deslauriers signed a two-year contract with the Anaheim Ducks. On January 10, 2012, they earned their first win as a Duck, a 5–2 win over the Dallas Stars.
After playing the entirety of the 2013–14 season in the AHL with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins, Deslauriers as a free agent agreed to attend the Los Angeles Kings 2014 training camp on a try-out contract on September 2, 2014. They were released from their tryout by the Kings on September 26, 2014.
After one season in the Kontinental Hockey League with Latvian club Dinamo Riga, Deslauriers continued their career abroad by signing a one-year contract with German club Augsburger Panther of the DEL on June 19, 2015.
Upon their retirement, Deslauriers resided in Edmonton and worked in commercial real estate.
Career statistics
References
External links
Prospect report from HockeysFuture.com
1984 births
Living people
Anaheim Ducks players
Augsburger Panther players
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Chicoutimi Saguenéens (QMJHL) players
Dinamo Riga players
Edmonton Oilers draft picks
Edmonton Oilers players
Edmonton Road Runners players
Fort Wayne Komets players
French Quebecers
Greenville Grrrowl players
Hamilton Bulldogs (AHL) players
Houston Aeros (1994–2013) players
Ice hockey people from Quebec
Norfolk Admirals players
Oklahoma City Barons players
People from Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu
Springfield Falcons players
Syracuse Crunch players
Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Latvia
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in Germany
Fala Sério, Mãe! is a 2017 Brazilian comedy film, directed by Pedro Vasconcelos, starring Ingrid Guimarães, Larissa Manoela, Marcelo Laham and João Guilherme Ávila.
Plot
Ângela Cristina (Ingrid Guimarães), mother of teenager Maria de Lourdes (Larissa Manoela), has to deal with the difficulties and delights of guiding their daughter during one of the most complicated stages of life.
Cast
Ingrid Guimarães as Ângela Cristina Siqueira Paz
Larissa Manoela as Maria de Lourdes Siqueira Paz (Malu)
Vitória Magalhães as Maria de Lourdes (10 years old)
Duda Batista as Maria de Lourdes (5 years old)
Marcelo Laham as Armando Paz
João Guilherme Ávila as Nando
Kaik Brum as Mário Márcio Siqueira Paz
Raphael Tomé as Mário Márcio Siqueira Paz (4 years old)
Carolina Dumani as Malena Siqueira Paz
Giovanna Rispoli as Alice
Cristina Pereira as Fátima Paz
Luisa Bastos as Luna
Sofia Leão as Sofia
Catherine Beranger as Aline
Thalita Rebouças as Store owner
Júlio Calasso as Seu Edgar
Fábio Júnior as themselves
Paulo Gustavo as themselves
Reception
After three weeks, Fala Sério, Mãe! reached the mark of 2 million spectators. In total the film surpassed the mark of 3 million spectators, being a success in box office.
References
External links
2010s Portuguese-language films
Brazilian comedy films
2017 comedy films
Films set in Rio de Janeiro (city)
Kuala Terengganu is a federal constituency in Kuala Terengganu District, Terengganu, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 1974.
The federal constituency was created in the 1974 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the federal gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Kuala Terengganu constituency is divided into 41 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Terengganu federal constituencies
Erigeron humilis is an arctic and alpine species of flowering plants in the family Asteraceae known as Arctic Alpine fleabane. It is widespread across the colder regions of the Northern Hemisphere. In North America, it has been found in Alaska, much of Canada, Greenland, and the Rocky Mountains of the United States as far south as Colorado. In Eurasia, it has been found in Scandinavia (including Iceland), and the Chukotka region in the Russian Far East.
Erigeron humilis is a perennial herb up to 25 centimeters (10 inches) tall, spreading by means of underground rhizomes. Each plant generally produces only one flower head, with sometimes as many as 150 blue or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets.
References
humilis
Flora of North America
Flora of Russia
Flora of Northern Europe
Flora of Greenland
Plants described in 1828
The 12th National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, D.C. on May 26, 1936, at the National Museum. Scripps-Howard did not sponsor the Bee until 1941.
The winner was Jean Trowbridge, age 13, of Stuart, Iowa, with the word eczema. Thirteen-year-old Bruce Ackerman, of Tazewell County, Illinois, who took 3rd the prior year, came in second. Catherine Davis, 13, of Indiana took third, falling on "shrieking".
In the final rounds, Trowbridge was first disqualified for "numskull", which Ackerman then spelled as "numbskull" followed by "gnome" for the apparent win. The judges then realized that "numskull" was an acceptable spelling, and the contest continued. Ackerman misspelled "predilection" a few words later, which Trowbridge spelled correctly followed by "eczema" for the win.
The final hour of the competition was broadcast on radio on the Columbia broadcasting system.
As of 2014, winner Jean Trowbridge (married name Tyler) was living in Grand Junction, Colorado.
First Black finalists
MacNolia Cox, a 13-year-old girl from Akron, and Elizabeth Kenny, a 15 year old from Plainfield, New Jersey, were the first African-American children to compete as finalists in the National Spelling Bee—and Cox made it to the final five.
Due to segregation, Cox had to move into a black-only train car when they crossed into Maryland, and was unable to stay at the Willard Hotel with the other spellers. Cox and their mother were also placed at a separate table at the contestants banquet. Cox was eliminated on the word "nemesis", and their schoolteacher and newspaper sponsor representative both protested the word as being a proper noun (Nemesis being a Greek goddess of retribution). However, the protest was denied as the word can also be used as a common noun. It's important to note that they did spell the word "Nemnesis". Some have since suggested that Cox was intentionally given an unapproved word (a capitalized word); any claims of racial bias were denied at the time, but are not surprising considering the segregated treatment that they received.
In 2004, poet A. Van Jordan published the book of poems "M-A-C-N-O-L-I-A" based on Cox's life experiences.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1936 in education
1936 in Washington, D.C.
May 1936 events
Liotella annulata is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Skeneidae.
Description
The diameter of the shell is 1.5 mm. The opaque white shell has a planorbiform shape. It is flattened above, rounded below, with somewhat distant longitudinal lamellae, above and below. Otherwise it is smooth. The umbilicus is wide. One of the ring-like lamellae forms the peristome.
Distribution
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs off South Australia and Tasmania.
References
Tenison-Woods, J.E. 1879. On some new Tasmanian marine shells. Proceedings of the Royal Society of Tasmania 1877: 121-123
Tate, R. 1899. A revision of the Australian Cyclostrematidae and Liotiidae. Transactions of the Royal Society of South Australia 23(2): 213-229
Pritchard, G.B. & Gatliff, J.H. 1902. Catalogue of the marine shells of Victoria. Part V. Proceedings of the Royal Society of Victoria 14(2): 85-138
Cotton, B.C. 1959. South Australian Mollusca. Archaeogastropoda. Handbook of the Flora and Fauna of South Australia. Adelaide : South Australian Government Printer 449 pp.
Trew, A. 1984. The Melvill-Tomlin Collection. Part 30. Trochacea. Handlists of the Molluscan Collections in the Department of Zoology, National Museum of Wales. National Museum of Wales, Cardiff.
External links
annulata
Gastropods of Australia
Gastropods described in 1874
The white-winged robin (Peneothello sigillata) is a species of bird in the family Petroicidae.
Distribution and habitat
The white-winged robin is found in New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It is found in the highlands of New Guinea at elevations of and is replaced by the slaty robin at lower elevations.
Description
Measuring , the adult white-winged robin has black plumage, with largely white wings. The male and female are identical. The bill and feet are black, and the eyes are dark brown. Juveniles have a variable streaked brown plumage.
Behaviour
Within the forest the robin is found in pairs or small troops of several birds in the understory or on the ground. It is insectivorous, but does also eat some seeds. The somewhat bulky cup-shaped nest is constructed in a tree fork.
Taxonomy
Described by English naturalist, Charles Walter De Vis, in 1890, the white-winged robin is a member of the Australasian robin family Petroicidae. Sibley and Ahlquist's DNA-DNA hybridisation studies placed this group in a Corvida parvorder comprising many tropical and Australian passerines, including pardalotes, fairy-wrens, honeyeaters, and crows. However, subsequent molecular research (and current consensus) places the robins as a very early offshoot of the Passerida (or "advanced" songbirds) within the songbird lineage.
Subspecies
Within the species, three subspecies are recognised—the nominate subspecies, which is found on the main mountain range along New Guinea from the Bismarck Range eastwards, subspecies hagenensis from Mount Hagen west into Irian Jaya, and subspecies saruwagedi of the Huon Peninsula.
References
white-winged robin
white-winged robin
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Cowichan Lake is a large freshwater lake located on southern Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada. It is located along the Cowichan Valley in the Cowichan Valley Regional District, with its eastern shore about west of Duncan, British Columbia. Cowichan Lake is about in length, running mostly from west to east, and is about wide at its widest point. The lake is also the source of the Cowichan River.
Cowichan Lake has several communities along its shores. The town of Lake Cowichan is located at the east end of the lake, at the start of the Cowichan River, and is the largest community. Along the south side of the lake are the communities of Mesachie Lake and Honeymoon Bay, and also Gordon Bay Provincial Park. On the north shore is the community of Youbou.
The Cowichan Valley was once a thriving lumber centre in British Columbia. In the past, two major railroads had spur lines to and around parts of the lake. With the change in the logging industry, these rail lines have now been abandoned by the railroads and are now part of a major public trail system which leads eastward toward the lower end of the Cowichan Valley. The lake area is largely undeveloped because of the extensive logging by timber companies holding the land surrounding the lake. Currently there are several development projects at new locations around the lake.
External links
Town of Lake Cowichan
Cowichan Lake District Chamber of Commerce
Imagine the Cowichan, part of Simon Fraser University's Imagine BC series
Cowichan
Cowichan Valley
Cowichan Land District
Jane Cable is a 1906 novel by George Barr McCutcheon, and was the fifth best-selling novel in the United States in 1906. It was also the best selling book in the United States for the month in the January 1907 issue of The Bookman. It was also serialized by newspapers in 1908.
Plot
A contemporary synopsis of the melodrama novel's plot describes it as follows:
This is a story of American life the scene of which is laid in Chicago at the present time. Jane Cable, the hero of the tale, is a beautiful and aristocratic girl, supposed to be the daughter of David Cable, a rich railroad magnate. This, however, is not the truth, as in reality they were taken from a foundling hospital when an infant, by Mrs. Cable, who deceived their husband into believing it was their own child. They did this in order to end an estrangement which existed between their husband and themselves and to bring them back to them from the distant west, where they had been for some time. Them ruse worked to perfection and was only known to an unscrupulous lawyer named James Bansemer, and their confidential clerk Elias Droom, to whom they applied in order to take out the papers of adoption. At that time the Cables were in very moderate circumstances and David was only an engineer on the railroad, but they rose rapidly from this position, and eventually became rich and influential. Cable is devoted to their beautiful daughter, who they never suspects is not their own child; and their wife, during the passage of time, has gradually lost the haunting dread of being found out. Them peace of mind is rudely shattered however, by the appearance of Bansemer on the scene, who proceeds to blackmail them for a large sum of money. In the meantime Jane has become engaged to Graydon Bansemer, James's son, a fine fellow, who has no suspicious of their father's real character or business dealings. After a series of dramatic incidents, which bring about Mrs. Cable's confession and their husband's forgiveness, the truth is brutally told to Jane by Bansemer, who wishes to prevent their marriage to their son. Jane is crushed by the news and breaks off their engagement with Graydon. They at once enlists in the army and goes to the Philippines, where they follow them later in the company of friends. Graydon is severely wounded and Jane who has become a red-cross nurse tends them till they are restored to health. They resign from the Army and they return home, Jane still persisting in their refusal to marry him. Finally, however, the elder Bansemer who is paying for their misdeeds in the penitentiary, confesses their knowledge that Jane's antecedents are of the best and they and Graydon are united at last.
References
External links
Jane Cable at Project Gutenberg
Jane Cable full scan via Google Books
1906 American novels
Novels set in Chicago
Joseph-Marie-Pélagie Havard, M.E.P., (2 November 1790 - 7 July 1838) was a 19th-century Catholic bishop who worked as a missionary in Vietnam.
Life
Havard was born in 1790 in Thourie, in the ancient Province of Brittany, during the final days of the Kingdom of France. Nothing is recorded of their upbringing or how they fared during the turmoil of the French Revolution and the First French Empire.
Some time about 1815, Havard entered the seminary of the Paris Foreign Missions Society to give their service to the Church in Asia. After completing their studies there, they were sent to Vietnam, where they received Holy Orders on 16 June 1821 from Bishop Jacques-Benjamin Longer, M.E.P., who had served as the Apostolic Vicar of the Vicariate Apostolic of Western Tonkin since 1787.
Havard was appointed Longer's coadjutor bishop by the Holy See in March 1828, for which office they were named the titular bishop of Castoria. They automatically succeeded to the office upon Longer's death on 8 February 1831.
Havard oversaw the Catholic Church in Vietnam during a time of major persecution under the Emperor Minh Mang. They had expected to be succeeded as Vicar Apostolic by Pierre Dumoulin-Borie, M.E.P., who was appointed as their coadjutor in 1836. But Dumoulin-Borie was arrested in 1838, before the news had reached the missions, which destroyed this plan. When the news did reach Hanoi, they were immediately put to death by order of the emperor .
Havard died in Hanoi in 1838, being succeeded by Pierre-André Retord, M.E.P.
References
1790 births
1838 deaths
19th-century French Roman Catholic bishops
Breton bishops
Paris Foreign Missions Society missionaries
People from Ille-et-Vilaine
Roman Catholic missionaries in Vietnam
19th-century executions by Vietnam
French people executed abroad
19th-century Roman Catholic bishops in Vietnam
The 2021–22 season was the 36th season in the existence of ES Troyes AC and the club's first season back in the top flight of French football. In addition to the domestic league, Troyes participated in this season's edition of the Coupe de France.
Players
First-team squad
Other players under contract
On loan
Transfers
In
Out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Overall record
Ligue 1
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.
Coupe de France
Statistics
Goalscorers
References
ES Troyes AC seasons
Troyes
The Iron Rolling Mill (Modern Cyclopes) is an oil on canvas painting by German artist Adolph Menzel, created in 1872-1875. The painting is one of their main works from the time when the painter was mostly concerned with contemporary issues and the social question as a result of the uninhibited technical advances made during the Industrial Revolution, particularly in Germany. It has the large dimensions of 158 by 254 cm. The signature of the artist can be seen at the lower left: "Signatur Adolph Menzel. Berlin 1875". The realistic painting caused a stir at the time and is now part of the collection of the Alte Nationalgalerie, in Berlin.
Preliminary studies
There are over 100 penciled preliminary studies for the painting in the Kupferstichkabinett Berlin. Movement studies show the individual work steps of steel processing in the rolling mill, as well as overall views of the blast furnace plant in different lights, individual machines and tools. Menzel also created a gouache titled Self-portrait with a worker at the steam hammer (Leipzig, Museum of Fine Arts , no. 1972/6), where they sketch the man at the steam hammer in the background of a machine shop. The final painting was created in the studio with the help of models for the different postures. The publisher Wilhelm Spemann wrote about this work: "In this description of the iron rail forge from Königshütte in Upper Silesia, the highest degree of naturalistic observation is combined with virtuosity of presentation and a strong feeling for painterly effect. The scientific accuracy of the description cannot be pushed any further, the liveliness of the expression cannot be increased. There are numerous drawn studies that Menzel made for this picture of modern cyclops, in the work itself the drawing recedes behind the mastery with which the tremendous difficulties of air and light painting have been overcome.”
Description
The work shows the factory building of the Oberschlesische Königshütte, a rolling mill for railroad tracks, which was privately owned by Carl Justus Heckmann, after several mergers in 1871 and employed around 3000 workers at the time. In the smoky factory building, more than 40 workers can be seen, after just having a shift change. Some of the workers at the furnace, barefoot in clogs and without protective gloves, transport the white-hot so-called slug with tongs and by tipping an iron hand truck into the profile rollers.
On the right edge of the picture is a hand-operated crane with gear transmission and chain hoist. In the front lower right margin, exhausted workers are seated next to a press, having a lunch break, eating a meal brought in a basket by a young woman. The people are mostly concentrated on their own activities; only the young woman next to the eating workers seems to be looking directly at the viewer. Men can also be seen on the left washing themselves bare-chested at the end of their shift.
In the upper left half of the painting there is a man with a coat and bowler hat, who strolls through this hall apparently uninvolved and directs their gaze to the upper part of a puddling furnace above the flywheel as the power source of the press. Menzel themselves referred to them as a "conductor". The German art historian Werner Busch wrote about this: “But the vanishing point itself is noted very specifically in the iron rolling mill, it is found in the conductor's head. As far as they are in the background, not only do the lines that shorten run towards him, but they differ from all the other personnel in two ways. They wear not work clothes but middle-class street clothes with 'bowler hat', their non-working hands clasped behind their back, strolling through the hall while the workers are tense in every way.”
Provenance
The painting was bought in 1875 by the customer, the banker Adolph von Liebermann, for 11,000 thalers, but in November, after Liebermann went bankrupt, it was sold to the Berlin National Gallery for 30,000 thalers, under director Max Jordan, who, due to the high price, sent a request for purchase to the Prussian Ministry of Culture, describing the work in their letter as a "moving work of heroism and duty", a new type of "historical painting with a moral effect" and as "glorification of the rough work of modern cultural life".
References
1875 paintings
Paintings by Adolph Menzel
Paintings in the collection of the Alte Nationalgalerie
While Poland did not exist as an independent state during World War I, its geographical position between the fighting powers meant that much fighting and terrific human and material losses occurred on the Polish lands between 1914 and 1918.
When World War I started, Polish territory was split during the partitions between Austria-Hungary, the German Empire and the Russian Empire, and became the scene of many operations of the Eastern Front of World War I.
In the aftermath of the war, following the collapse of the Russian, German and Austro-Hungarian Empires, Poland became an independent republic.
Split of Three Empires
The war split the ranks of the three partitioning empires, pitting Russia as defender of Serbia and ally of Britain and France against the leading members of the Central Powers, Germany and Austria-Hungary.
Conflicting aims of empires
This circumstance afforded the Poles political leverage as both sides offered pledges of concessions and future autonomy in exchange for Polish loyalty and army recruits.
The Austrians wanted to incorporate the Russian territory of Privislinsky Krai into their territory of Galicia, so even before the war they allowed nationalist organizations to form there (for example, Związek Strzelecki).
The Russians recognized the Polish right to autonomy and allowed formation of the Polish National Committee, which supported the Russian side. Russia's foreign Minister Sergei Sazonov proposed to create an autonomous Kingdom of Poland with its own internal administration, religious freedom and Polish language used in schools and administration. Poland would receive eastern area of Poznań region, southern Silesia and Western Galicia.
As the war settled into a long stalemate, the issue of Polish self-rule gained greater urgency. Roman Dmowski spent the war years in Western Europe, hoping to persuade the Allies to unify the Polish lands under Russian rule as an initial step toward liberation.
In June 1914, Józef Piłsudski had correctly predicted that the war would ruin all three of the partitioners, a conclusion often considered unlikely before 1918. Piłsudski therefore formed the Polish Legions to assist the Central Powers in defeating Russia as the first step toward full independence for Poland. According to Prit Buttar, "At the Beginning of the war, Piłsudski committed their forces to support the Austro-Hungarian cause, believing that Poland's best chance for independence lay in a victory of the Central Powers over Russia, followed by the defeat of the Central Powers by France and Britain. They had talks in secret with the Western Powers, assuring them that their men would never fight against them, only against the Russians."
The encroaching German forces were met with hostility and distrust. Unlike the Napoleonic forces a century earlier, Poles didn't see them as liberators.
The Russians were bid farewell, often with sadness, grief and uncertainty. There was no harassment of retreating Russian soldiers, nor attacks on wounded. For many Poles, Russians at that time were seen as "ours," due to the process of liberalization that occurred in the Russian Empire after the 1905 Revolution. This was in contrast to Germany which, through its actions of relentless Germanization of Poles within its borders, the Września school strike, persecution of Polish education in Pomerania and Poznań, and in 1914 the Destruction of Kalisz increased pro-Russian and anti-German feelings. This attitude distressed Austrian-orientated Piłsudski. Only in late summer of 1915 after harsh policy of Russian plunder of Polish lands did the sympathy of Poles for Russia wane.
According to Prit Buttar, following the first year of fighting in 1914, "The people who suffered the most were those who had no national army serving their cause: the Poles. Most of Poland west of Warsaw had been turned into a battlefield, and large areas were deliberately devastated by the Germans during their retreat from the Vistula. Treated with disdain by Germans, Russians, and the Austro-Hungarians alike, the Poles could only endure through a cold winter in their shattered towns and villages, and hope for a better future."
Kingdom of Poland (1916–1918)
In 1916, attempting to increase Polish support for the Central Powers and to raise a Polish army, the German and Austrian emperors declared that a new state called the Kingdom of Poland would be created. The new Kingdom in reality was to be a puppet regime under military, economical and political control by the German Reich. Its territory was to be created after the war of only a small part of the old Commonwealth, i.e. the territory of Kingdom of Poland (Privislinsky Krai), with around 30,000 square kilometers of its western areas to be annexed by Germany. Polish and Jewish population in those areas was to be expelled and replaced by German colonists. A Regency Council was established in preparation for this, forming a proto-Government, and issuing currency, called the Polish mark. German efforts to create an army serving the Central Powers however met with failure, as it lacked expected volunteers for the German cause.
After peace in the East was assured by the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk, Germany and Austria-Hungary started a policy of creating a "Mitteleuropa" ("Central Europe") and on November 5, 1917, declared that a puppet state Kingdom of Poland might be created.
Battlefields
Much of the heavy fighting on the war's Eastern Front took place on the territory of the former Polish state. In 1914 Russian forces advanced very close to Kraków before being beaten back. The next spring, heavy fighting occurred around Gorlice and Przemyśl, to the east of Kraków in Galicia. In 1915 Polish territories were looted and abandoned by the retreating Imperial Russian army, trying to emulate the scorched earth policy of 1812; the Russians also evicted and deported hundreds of thousands of its inhabitants suspected of collaborating with the enemy. By the end of 1915, the Germans had occupied the entire Russian sector, including Warsaw. In 1916 another Russian offensive in Galicia exacerbated the already desperate situation of civilians in the war zone; about 1 million Polish refugees fled eastward behind Russian lines during the war. Although the Russian offensive of 1916 caught the Germans and Austrians by surprise, poor communications and logistics prevented the Russians from taking full advantage of their situation.
By 1916, around 2 million Poles were conscripted into the military of the three partitioning powers. 450,000 Polish soldiers died and close to one million were wounded while fighting in the Russian, Austrian, and German armies. Several hundred thousand Polish civilians were moved to labor camps in Germany, and 800,000 were deported by the Tsarist forces to the East. The scorched-earth retreat strategies of both sides left much of the war zone uninhabitable. Total deaths from 1914–18, military and civilian, within the 1919–1939 borders, were estimated at 1,128,000. Around 1,800,000 buildings and half of the bridges had been destroyed. Production output fell to 20% of that in 1913 and Polish industry suffered the loss of an estimated 73 billion French francs. The British Director of Relief described the situation in the early post-World War I Poland as following: {{blockquote|The country...had undergone four or five occupations by different armies, each of which had combed the land for supplies. Most of the villages had been burnt down by the Russians and their retreat (of 1915); land had been uncultivated for four years and had been cleared of cattle, grain, horses and agricultural machinery by both Germans and Bolsheviks. The population here was living upon roots, grass, acorns and heather. The only bread obtainable was composed of those ingredients, with perhaps about 5 per cent of rye flour...}}
Widespread malnutrition and disease drove up the mortality rate, while many areas of Eastern Poland were affected by famine conditions.
Military formations
Recovery of statehood
In 1917 two separate events decisively changed the character of the war and set it on a course toward the rebirth of Poland. The United States entered the conflict on the Allied side, while a process of revolutionary upheaval in Russia weakened them and then removed the Russians from the Eastern Front, finally bringing the Bolsheviks to power in that country. After the last Russian advance into Galicia failed in mid-1917, the Germans went on the offensive again; the army of revolutionary Russia ceased to be a factor, and Russia was forced to sign the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk in which they ceded all formerly Polish lands to the Central Powers.
The defection of Russia from the Allied coalition gave free rein to the calls of Woodrow Wilson, the American president, to transform the war into a crusade to spread democracy and liberate the Poles and other peoples from the suzerainty of the Central Powers. The thirteenth of their Fourteen Points adopted the resurrection of Poland as one of the main aims of World War I. Polish opinion crystallized in support of the Allied cause.
Józef Piłsudski became a popular hero when Berlin jailed them for insubordination. The Allies broke the resistance of the Central Powers by autumn 1918, as the Habsburg monarchy disintegrated and the German imperial government collapsed. In October 1918, Polish authorities took over Galicia and Cieszyn Silesia. In November 1918, Piłsudski was released from internment in Germany by the revolutionaries and returned to Warsaw. Upon their arrival, on November 11, 1918 the Regency Council'' of the Kingdom of Poland ceded all responsibilities to them and Piłsudski took control over the newly created state as its provisional Chief of State. Soon all the local governments that had been created in the last months of the war pledged allegiance to the central government in Warsaw. Independent Poland, which had been absent from the map of Europe for 123 years, was reborn.
The newly created state initially consisted of former Privislinsky Krai, western Galicia (with Lwów besieged by the Ukrainians) and part of Cieszyn Silesia.
See also
History of Poland (1795–1918)
History of Poland (1918–1939)
Diplomatic history of World War I
Kingdom of Poland (1917–1918)
References
External links
Articles relating to Poland at the International Encyclopedia of the First World War.
Szlanta, Piotr: Poland , in: 1914-1918-online. International Encyclopedia of the First World War.
Posters of the German Military Government in the Generalgouvernement Warshau (German occupied Poland) from World War I, 1915-1916 From the Collections at the Library of Congress
1910s in Poland
WW 01
World War I
World War I
Poland
Poland
Poland
World War I
The Police Support Unit, also known by their nickname of the Black Boots, is a paramilitary wing of the Zimbabwe Republic Police. They were founded as a native police force but later developed into a counter-insurgency unit of the British South Africa Police in Rhodesia during the Rhodesian Bush War. The unit was the only paramilitary unit retained by the Zimbabwe Republic Police after the country's reconstitution as Zimbabwe.
The unit gained notoriety for being an effective counter-terrorist force but received criticism in the latter stages of the Bush War as well as under Zimbabwean control for utilising brutal tactics against their targets.
Rhodesian history
The Police Support Unit had its origins in 1898 when 150 Ngoni tribesmen were recruited by the British South Africa Company as auxiliary native police to the British South Africa Police in Company-ruled Rhodesia. For most of their existence, they were mostly relegated to ceremonial duties, leading to them being given the derogatory nickname of the "Chocolate Soldiers" by the white police officers. It was suggested in 1963 by the British South Africa Police (BSAP) commissioner following the breakup of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland that the Police Support Unit should be expanded to take on the role of the Rhodesian Army in Southern Rhodesia. But this suggestion was rejected by the Southern Rhodesian government. However, when the Rhodesian Bush War started, the Support Unit took on a more active anti-terrorist role.
The Police Support Unit became known as the Black Boots for the boots they wore in contrast to the brown boots the rest of the BSAP wore. During the first few years of the Bush War, the active Black Boots operations were manned by mercenary soldiers, predominantly white mercenaries from the Congo Crisis. However, the unit's operations would eventually evolve to include native black police officers who received military training in addition to their regular police training. By the late 1970s, the unit was majority black with most being veterans of the Malayan Emergency. The white commanders in the unit were hand-selected from the regular Duty Uniform Branch of the BSAP. Foreign volunteers, mostly American veterans of the Vietnam War, would also be admitted to the unit providing they passed security clearance.
The Black Boots were highly regarded due to their high levels of military training and behaved more like an army unit than part of the police force. They became known as the BSAP's "mailed fist" because they operated similarly to the Selous Scouts and trained at the Rhodesian School of Infantry. Black police officers were attracted to join the Black Boots because of the improved pay and living conditions as well as being able to access a higher standard of education.
The Black Boots would gain a tough reputation in the latter years of the Bush War with the Rhodesian Sunday Mail accusing them of being "terr hungry" for their apparent enjoyment of killing suspected terrorists. They were accused of being responsible for the killing of 50 black civilians in 1978 which the Rhodesian government had claimed was targeting guerrillas.
Zimbabwe History
Following the establishment of Zimbabwe, the BSAP were disbanded and refounded as the Zimbabwe Republic Police and the Police Support Unit was retained. They were the only paramilitary section of the former BSAP that were retained under the new police force. Under Zimbabwean control, they were integrated with the Zimbabwe Defence Forces and were initially used to target Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army (ZIPRA) guerrillas in 1980. Until 1982 they were mostly based in Salisbury (later renamed Harare in 1982). From 1982, they started being used on border patrols looking for South African smugglers. In the mid 1980s, the Prime Minister of Zimbabwe Robert Mugabe announced that they would be integrating Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (ZANLA) guerrillas who fought in the Bush War with the Black Boots over concerns by the police that it would dilute the quality of the force.
They were used as an external military force in the Second Congo War when they were deployed to fight against the Rwandan-backed rebels. The Black Boots were also accused of taking part in extrajudicial political intimidation campaigns alongside members of the ruling ZANU-PF to attack supporters of the Movement for Democratic Change – Tsvangirai. This also included the alleged use of corporal punishment and electric shock torture. Members of the Black Boots get co-opted into regular police service though due to receiving different training to regular ZRP officers, have been claimed to have been more aggressive in crowd control situations. In 2016, it was reported members of the unit had been ambushed by RENAMO rebels whilst on patrol of the border with Mozambique, where three members of the Black Boots were abducted and had their weapons and identity papers stolen. During the 2017 Zimbabwean coup d'etat, the Zimbabwe National Army seized control of the PSU's depot in Harare and disarmed all police officers during the coup. In 2021, the Black Boots were involved in a court case involving them trying to evict a man from their farm because they wanted the eastern part that they held.
Since 1991, the Black Boots have competed as a volleyball team. In 2017, the Support Unit team won the Confederation of African Volleyball Zone VI Championship.
References
Law enforcement agencies of Zimbabwe
Law enforcement in Rhodesia
1898 establishments in Africa
Rhodesian Bush War
Events in the year 1829 in Bolivia.
Incumbents
President:
Pedro Blanco Soto (provisional: until 1 January)
José Miguel de Velasco (acting: 1 January – 24 May)
Andrés de Santa Cruz (starting 24 May)
Vice President:
José Ramón de Loayza (provisional: until 1 January)
Vacant (1 January – 24 May)
José Miguel de Velasco (designate: 1 January – 24 May)
José Miguel de Velasco (starting 24 May)
Events
January
1 January – President Pedro Blanco Soto is assassinated in the La Recoletta convent; at six days in office, they become the president with the shortest term served.  They are succeeded by José Miguel de Velasco, who serves as president pending the arrival of Andrés de Santa Cruz.
May
24 May – Andrés de Santa Cruz takes office as the 6th president of Bolivia. Velasco becomes the 2nd vice president.
Births
Deaths
1 January – Pedro Blanco Soto, 5th president of Bolivia (b. 1795)
Citations
Bibliography
1800s in Bolivia
Bolivia
Bolivia
Years of the 19th century in Bolivia
Criminal Justice and Behavior is a peer-reviewed academic journal that covers research in the fields of psychology and criminology. The editor-in-chief is Robert D. Morgan (Texas Tech University). It was established in 1974 and is currently published by SAGE Publications in association with the American Association for Correctional and Forensic Psychologists and the International Association for Correctional and Forensic Psychology.
Abstracting and indexing
Criminal Justice and Behavior is abstracted and indexed in Scopus and the Social Sciences Citation Index. According to the Journal Citation Reports, its 2017 impact factor is 2.168, ranking it 15 out of 68 journals in the category "Criminology & Penology" and 55 out of 127 journals in the category "Psychology, Clinical".
References
External links
International Association for Correctional and Forensic Psychology
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Criminology journals
Monthly journals
Publications established in 1973
On June 10, 2022, a group of men assaulted four women at a barbecue restaurant in Lubei District, Tangshan. Before dawn, a drunk man named Chen Jizhi (陈继志) attempted to sexually harass a woman, when the act was met with resistance, Chen Jizhi became angry and along with several of their companions, violently assaulted the four women. The surveillance footage was circulated on the Internet soon after the incident, causing extensive discussions on multiple social media platforms in China. People's Daily said it was not only a crime, but also challenged the public's sense of security. At the same time, it also sparked discussion about women's rights in China. After the incident was uploaded on the Internet, there were several real-name reports of Tangshan-related gangs, which also received some attention. On June 10, two suspects were arrested and all nine suspects were arrested the following day.
On June 11, according to the official Weibo news of the Langfang Public Security Bureau, according to the jurisdiction designated by the Provincial Public Security Department, the case was investigated and handled by the Guangyang Branch of the Langfang Public Security Bureau.
Attack
At the time of the incident, the suspect, a grown man in their forties, entered the barbecue shop and sexually harassed a young woman who was having barbecue with their friends. The woman's attempt of self-defense was met with violence. Seeing their friend assaulted, one of the women smashed a bottle on the head of the assailant. At which time, some of the assailant's companions left their outside dining seats and joined in on the assault. The store owner, a woman in their sixties attempted to break apart the fight vocally, but was only able to move the fight outside as the targeted girl was dragged outside by their hair and continually assaulted in the form of kicking and punching, focusing mostly on the head area. There was a count of 7 or 8 beer bottles having been smashed on their head. During the time, other women dining in the barbecue restaurant were about to rescue the beaten woman, but they were all assaulted by the group as other men watched. These battered woman were left with serious head injuries. After the incident, nine suspects fled the scene. According to official reports, on June 10, the four victims were treated for injuries at the Affiliated Hospital of North China University of Science and Technology, and the condition of two of them were listed as stable and non-life-threatening and they were said to have left the hospital prior to this announcement; two women were hospitalized for treatment, and the hospital stated that one of the two suffered serious mouth injuries and lost several teeth. On the afternoon of June 11, all the suspects were arrested. On the same day, the reporter noticed that the barbecue restaurant was closed.
Official response
On the evening of June 10, the Tangshan Public Security Bureau Lubei Branch released news that the two suspects involved in the case were arrested. In the early hours of June 11, three more people involved in the case were arrested. With the assistance of the Jiangsu police, three people involved in the case were arrested at a checkpoint on the morning of June 11. In the afternoon of June 11, the last person involved in the case was arrested. So far, all nine persons involved in the case have been arrested.
According to the civilisation office of the Communist party of China's central committee, Tangshan lost its title of "national civilized city" () on 22 June 2022.
In addition police in many parts of China conduct summer night patrols, focusing on barbecue stalls and barbecue restaurants.
Approved arrest
Ten suspects, approved by the People's Procuratorate of Guangyang District, Langfang City, have been officially arrested by the Guangyang Branch of the Langfang Public Security Bureau.
Victims
On June 12, The Paper was informed that two hospitalized women still need wheelchairs to enter and exit the ward, but ready to visit was prevented by hospital staff. On June 13, a reporter went to the hospital of the North China University of Technology where the battered women were treated to probe the treatment of the injured women, and hospital staff said the four battered girls two of whom had been beaten had been transferred from the intensive care unit to the general ward. The two women were also allegedly treated at the hospital's stomatology department after they suffered severe violence to the head. Earlier in the day there were rumors on Weibo that one of the two beaten women had died, to which the Tangshan Women's Federation said, "(The death is) nothing at all, and there are no sudden circumstances at the moment." The latest they learned in the early hours of the 13th is that the two injured are currently in stable physical condition, and it depends on the specific injuries as to when they will be able to be discharged from the hospital.
On June 21, the Hebei Provincial Public Security Bureau informed that the victims Yuan(female, 24 years old) and Li (female, 29 years old) left on their own after being examined by the hospital without the need for hospitalization; Wang (female, 31 years old) and Liu (female, 29 years old) were hospitalized in a general ward to receive treatment, and their injuries have now improved. The Shanghai Ministry of Justice Institute of Forensic Science issued a forensic opinion on June 20 that the degree of injury to Wang and Liu was minor (Grade 2) and the degree of injury to Yuan and Li was minor. A police officer pointed out that the judicial appraisal of light and minor injuries is different from the general understanding, commonly known as "light injuries are not light, serious injuries are very serious"; according to the appraisal standards, light injuries are injuries that are moderately harmful to personal health.
Related comments
China Women's Daily, People's Daily, China Central Television (CCTV) and Jun Zhengping Studio condemned the incident, and Jackie Chan, Hu Xijin and others also expressed solidarity with the battered girl.
More than 40 celebrities, including Jackie Chan and Tsui Hark, voiced their support for the battered women. Taiwanese member of South Korean (G)I-DLE, Ye Shuhua, even posted an article on Weibo criticising the perpetrators of the violence as "scum". Zhang Yuqi was criticised for "promoting gender antagonism" when they posted an article criticising the man who did not help in the incident and arguing that "all Chinese men should serve in the military".
Professor Luo Xiang said that the incident, if reported, could involve picking quarrels and provoking trouble and intentional assault.
A Southwest University of Political Science and Law student was given a warning by the university for speaking on the internet about "reviewing victims".
Weibo officially banned 265 accounts for "inciting gender antagonism" and TikTok and Kuaishou also punished the offending accounts. Radio Free Asia has criticised the government's censorship of online opinion on the incident and the news blackout, and accused the information of being opaque. The victim's family and friends have so far not been seen to speak out.
See also
Women's rights in China
References
Incidents of violence against women
2022 in China
Tangshan
History of Hebei
Mobarak Al-Faneeni (born on 21 January 2000), is a Kuwaiti professional football player who plays for the Kuwaiti national team.
On 14 November 2019, Al-Faneeni scored their first goal for Kuwait at the 2022 FIFA World Cup qualification against Chinese Taipei in a 9–0 victory.
International goals
Scores and results list Kuwait's goal tally first.
References
2000 births
Living people
Kuwaiti footballers
Kuwait international footballers
Al Salmiya SC players
Association football forwards
Kuwait Premier League players
In video gaming parlance, an achievement, also sometimes known as a trophy, badge, advancement, award, stamp, medal, challenge, cheevo or in game achievement, is a meta-goal defined outside a game's parameters. Unlike the in-game systems of quests, tasks, and/or levels that usually define the goals of a video game and have a direct effect on further gameplay, the management of achievements usually takes place outside the confines of the game environment and architecture. Meeting the fulfillment conditions, and receiving recognition of fulfillment by the game, is referred to as unlocking the achievement.
Purpose and motivation
Achievements are included within games to extend the title's longevity and provide players with the impetus to do more than simply complete the game but to also find all of its secrets and complete all of its challenges. They are effectively arbitrary challenges laid out by the developer to be met by the player. These achievements may coincide with the inherent goals of the game itself, when completing a standard milestone in the game (such as achievements for beating each level of a game), with secondary goals such as finding secret power-ups or hidden levels, or may also be independent of the game's primary or secondary goals and earned via completing a game in an especially difficult or non-standard fashion (such as speedrunning a game (e.g., Braid)) or playing without killing any enemies (e.g., Deus Ex: Human Revolution and Dishonored), playing a certain number of times, viewing an in-game video, and/or beating a certain number of online opponents. Certain achievements may refer to other achievements—many games have one achievement that requires the player to have gained every other achievement.
Unlike secrets, which traditionally provided some kind of direct benefit to the player in the form of easier gameplay (such as the warp pipe in Super Mario Bros.) or additional gameplay features (such as hidden weapons or levels in first-person shooters like Doom) even though they might have criteria similar to achievements in order to unlock, the narrative-independent nature of achievements allows them to be fulfilled without needing to provide the player with any direct, in-game benefit or additional feature. In addition, the achievements used in modern gaming are usually visible outside the game environment (on the Internet) and form part of the online profile for the player (Gamertag for Microsoft's Live Anywhere network, combining Xbox 360/Xbox One/Xbox Series X|S titles, PC games using Games for Windows – Live and Xbox Live on Windows 8 and Windows 10, and Xbox Live-enabled games on other platforms; PSN ID for PlayStation Network (PSN); User Profile Achievement Showcases for Steam; Armory Profiles for World of Warcraft; and Lodestone Profiles for Final Fantasy XIV).
The motivation for the player to gain achievements lies in maximizing their own general cross-title score (known as Gamerscore on Live, Trophy Level on PSN, and the Achievement Showcase for Steam User Profiles) and obtaining recognition for their performance due to the publication of their achievement/trophy profiles. Some players pursue the unlocking of achievements as a goal in itself, without especially seeking to enjoy the game that awards them—this community of players typically refer to themselves as "achievement hunters".
Some implementations use a system of achievements that provide direct, in-game benefits to the gameplay, although the award is usually not congruent with the achievement itself. One example of such an implementation are "challenges" found in the multiplayer portions of the later Call of Duty titles. Challenges here may include a certain number of headshots or kills and are rewarded not only with the completion of the achievement but also a bonus item that can be equipped. Team Fortress 2 features 3 milestones for each of the nine classes. When a milestone is reached by obtaining a specific number of achievements for each class, the player will be awarded a non-tradable weapon unique to that class.
Origins and implementations
Single-game achievements
The idea for game achievements can be traced back to 1982, with Activision's patches for high scores. This was a system by which game manuals instructed players to achieve a particular high score, take a photo of score display on the television, and send in the photo to receive a physical, iron-on style patch in a fashion somewhat similar to a Boy Scout earning a Scout badge. This system was set up across many Activision titles regardless of platform, and though most of their games were on the popular Atari 2600, games on the Intellivision, ColecoVision, Atari 5200, and at least one title on the Commodore 64 also included similar instructions with patches as a reward. Patches would be sent with a letter from the company, often written as if from a fictional character, like Pitfall Harry, congratulating the player on the achievement. By the end of 1983, Activision's new games no longer included these achievements, but the company would still honor the process for their older games.
The game E-Motion on the Amiga from 1990 was one of the earliest games that had some form of achievements programmed into the game itself. The game called these "secret bonuses". The game had five such bonuses, for achievements such as completing a level without rotating to the right, or completely failing certain levels.
A number of individual games have included their own in-game achievements system, separate from any overall platform. Most modern massively multiplayer online role-playing games have implemented their own in-game system of achievements; in some cases such as World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy XIV, these achievements are accessible outside the game when viewing user profiles on the game websites and the game may offer an API for achievement data to be pulled and used on other sites.
Platform (multi-game) achievement systems
Although many other individual games would develop their own "secret bonuses" and internal achievements, the first implementation of an easily accessible and multi-game achievement system is widely considered to be Microsoft's Xbox 360 Gamerscore system, introduced at E3 in 2005. Microsoft extended Gamerscore support to the Games for Windows – Live scheme in 2007 by including support for Achievements in Halo 2.
In 2007, Valve became the second large publisher to release a platform-based, multi-game achievement system for their Steam platform, eventually capturing a wide number of Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and SteamOS based games.
In 2008, Sony followed suit by offering Trophies for the PlayStation 3. There was no Trophy support for the PlayStation Portable, even though the device does have PSN connection capability. By 2011, the successor to the PlayStation Portable, the PlayStation Vita, and all PlayStation Vita games had universal support for the Trophy system, as well as the later PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 and their games.
Apple added achievements to Game Center on October 12, 2011, with the release of the iOS 4, for mobile platform for iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.
Achievements are available on Android via Google Play Games.
Microsoft's mobile OSes, Windows Phone 7 and Windows Phone 8, included Xbox Live support, including Achievements when first launched worldwide on October 21, 2010.
Amazon Kindle provided the GameCircle service starting July 11, 2012, which tracks achievements and leaderboards for some games adapted to the Kindle platform.
Kongregate, a browser games hosting site, features Badges, which earn the user points, similar to Xbox Live's Gamerscore and PlayStation Network's Trophy system. Much like PSN's Trophies, points work towards increasing a player's level. The site FAQ explains, "Your level will automatically rise as you earn points. We're still working out the details of what kind of privileges and potential prizes that points and levels could be used to unlock."
In 2012, RetroAchievements started to retroactively add achievements to old game-systems for use in Emulation software like RetroArch. Users add indicators which trigger when a certain value changes in emulating the ROM.
Game achievements as satire
The advent of achievement-driven gaming was satirized in the Flash game Achievement Unlocked. The game is a simple platformer; it takes place on a single non-scrolling screen, and has only simple walking and jumping controls. It has no clearly defined victory condition aside from earning all 100 achievements, from the trivial ("move left", "click the play field") to the complex ("touch every square", "find and travel to three particular locations in order"). The game spawned two sequels.
Achievements as part of gamification
NSA information-gathering program XKeyscore uses achievements awarding "skilz" points to assist in training new analysts as a form of gamification of learning.
See also
Xbox Live
PlayStation Network
Steam
Game Center
Google Play Games
Unlockable (video games)
New Game Plus
References
Player progress tracking in video games
Video game terminology
Navan Road Parkway (Irish: Ollpháirc Bhóthar na hUaimhe) is a railway station in Fingal, Ireland. It is owned and operated by Iarnród Éireann.
Location
The station is on the Dublin - Sligo railway line (see Rail transport in Ireland), located between Ashtown railway station and Castleknock railway station.
The station is adjacent to the Navan Road dual carriageway R147 road between the roundabout at the junction of Castleknock Road and Ashtown Road and the roundabout at the junction of Auburn Avenue and New Dunsink Lane. Access to the station is via a grade-separated junction off the R147.
Design and services
Similar to both Dún Laoghaire railway station and Leixlip Louisa Bridge railway station, the station building is on the bridge that connects the two platforms. From here there are lifts and stairs down to each platform. It is an unmanned station.
The station is served by Western Commuter services. Both main services (westbound to Maynooth and Longford and eastbound to Dublin city centre and Docklands branch services (from to Docklands) call at the station. InterCity services do not call at the station, although one can interchange at either or Dublin Connolly railway station.
History
It opened on 21 January 2008 as 'Phoenix Park' station but was renamed on 25 September 2011 to 'Navan Road Parkway'.
Renaming
The station was built by the developers of the Phoenix Park Racecourse Apartments on the site of the old Phoenix Park Racecourse.
The station is further from the Phoenix Park than Ashtown Station.
The confusion over the name led to Iarnród Éireann erecting posters in Dublin Connolly railway station stating "For the Phoenix Park, use Ashtown Station".
With the start of the new railway timetable on 25 September 2011, the station was renamed Navan Road Parkway.
See also
List of railway stations in Ireland
Rail transport in Ireland
Dublin Suburban Rail
References
External links
Irish Rail Navan Road Parkway station Website
Iarnród Éireann stations in Fingal
Railway stations opened in 2008
Railway stations in Fingal
2008 establishments in Ireland
Shouldice is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within Vulcan County. It is located approximately south of Highway 1 and southeast of Calgary.
Demographics
The population of Shouldice according to the 2007 municipal census conducted by Vulcan County is 7.
See also
List of communities in Alberta
List of hamlets in Alberta
References
Hamlets in Alberta
Vulcan County
SJJ may refer to:
St. John's Jesuit High School and Academy, Toledo, Ohio
Sarajevo International Airport, IATA code: SJJ
Ruba Bich'i is a river of the Nile basin. Rising in the mountains of Dogu'a Tembien in northern Ethiopia, it flows southeastward to empty directly in Giba and further in Tekezé River.
Characteristics
It is a confined ephemeral river, locally meandering in its narrow alluvial plain, with an average slope gradient of 38 metres per kilometre. With its tributaries, the river has cut a deep gorge.
Flash floods and flood buffering
Runoff mostly happens in the form of high runoff discharge events that occur in a very short period (called flash floods). These are related to the steep topography, often little vegetation cover and intense convective rainfall. The peaks of such flash floods have often a 50 to 100 times larger discharge than the preceding baseflow.
The magnitude of floods in this river has however been decreased due to interventions in the catchment.
At Lafa, Mi'am Atali and on other steep slopes, exclosures have been established; the dense vegetation largely contributes to enhanced infiltration, less flooding and better baseflow. Physical conservation structures such as stone bunds and check dams also intercept runoff.
Transhumance towards the gorge
Transhumance takes place in the summer rainy season, when the lands near the villages are occupied by crops. Young shepherds will take the village cattle down to the gorge and overnight in small caves. The gorges are particularly attractive as a transhumance destination zone, because there is water and good growth of semi-natural vegetation.
Boulders and pebbles in the river bed
Boulders and pebbles encountered in the river bed can originate from any location higher up in the catchment. In the uppermost stretches of the river, only rock fragments of the upper lithological units will be present in the river bed, whereas more downstream one may find a more comprehensive mix of all lithologies crossed by the river. From upstream to downstream, the following lithological units occur in the catchment.
Antalo Limestone
Quaternary freshwater tufa
Trekking along the river
Trekking routes have been established across and along this river. The tracks are not marked on the ground but can be followed using downloaded .GPX files. Trek 14 and trek 17 visits the upper part of Ruba Bich'i catchment.
See also
List of Ethiopian rivers
References
Rivers of Ethiopia
Dogu'a Tembien
Tigray Region
Nile basin
The Chiayi County Council (CYSCC; ) is the elected county council of Chiayi County, Republic of China. The council consists of 37 councilors lastly elected through the 2018 Republic of China local election on 24 November 2018.
History
The council was originally established as Chiayi City Council after the handover of Taiwan from Japan to the Republic of China in 1945. In 1950, administrative divisions of Taiwan Province were readjusted and the Chiayi County Council was subsequently established on 21 February 1951. The council moved to its current address in January 1992.
Organization
Speaker
Deputy Speaker
Secretary-General
Secretary
Administration Office
Council Affairs Office
General Affairs Office
Accounting Office
Legal Office
Personnel Office
Building
The council is located in a building that sits on 4.6 hectares of land. The building has a height of 24.65 meters which consists of 3 floors and 1 basement. The building was designed by Liao Jhao-kun and the construction was carried out by Sie Jian Cheng Construction Company. The groundbreaking ceremony for the building was held in April 1989 and was completed in November 1991.
Speakers and deputy speakers
Speakers
Huang Ci-sian (1951-1953)
Wang Guo-jhu (1953-1958)
Liu Wang-de (1958-1961)
Huang Lao-dah (1961-
Vice speakers
Wu Yuan-jia (1951-1955)
Lin Bao (1955-1958)
Huang Ching-jiang (1958-1961)
Jhang Wun-Jheng (1961-
Transportation
The council is accessible within walking distance West from Chiayi Station of Taiwan HSR.
See also
Chiayi County Government
References
External links
1951 establishments in Taiwan
Chiayi County
County councils of Taiwan
Organizations established in 1951
The Oxnard Oil Field is a large and currently productive oil field in and adjacent to the city of Oxnard, in Ventura County, California in the United States. Its conventional oil reserves are close to exhaustion, with only an estimated one percent of the original oil recoverable with current technology remaining: out of an original 43.5 million. However, the reservoir includes an enormous deposit of tar sands, ultra-heavy oil classed as an unconventional petroleum reserve, and potentially containing of oil equivalent, should it become economically feasible to extract. Present operators on the field include Tri-Valley Oil & Gas Co., Anterra Energy Services, Inc., Chase Production Co., and Occidental Petroleum through its Vintage Production subsidiary. As of the beginning of 2009, there were 34 active wells on the field.
Geographic setting
The Oxnard Oil Field is one of several beneath the Oxnard Plain, an area mostly protected agricultural land with the communities of Ventura, Oxnard, and Camarillo separated by greenbelts. In the vicinity of the oil field, agriculture remains the predominant land use, and oil wells, processing facilities, and associated infrastructure are interspersed with fields planted with crops such as strawberries, broccoli, and onions. Parts of the field, particularly on the west, have been given over to light industrial and commercial development as the Oxnard metropolitan area expands to the east. U.S. Highway 101 bounds the field on the north; California State Route 34 (Oxnard's East 5th Street) cuts across it from east to west, and Rice Avenue crosses it from north to south. Most of the currently active oil wells are in the eastern portion of the field, west of the intersection of 5th Street and Pleasant Valley Road. Some active wells remain west of Rice Avenue, and a group of wells using directional drilling is clustered together in a drilling island near the northeast corner of the intersection of Rose Avenue and Wooley Road. The total productive area of the field projected to the surface is .
The climate in the region is Mediterranean, with cool, rainy winters and warm, rainless summers, in which the heat is moderated by frequent morning coastal low clouds and fog. Annual precipitation is around , almost all in the winter, and all in the form of rain. The mean annual temperature is 56 to ; freezes occur rarely.
Elevations on the field range from about 40 to above sea level. It is mostly flat, with a very gentle slope to the south-southeast; drainage is along Revolon Slough to Calleguas Creek to Mugu Lagoon, and then to the Pacific Ocean.
Geology
The Oxnard field is within the Ventura Basin Province of southern California. Geologically, this area is part of a structural downwarp that occurred during the late Pliocene. Rocks within the region are all sedimentary and mostly marine. Oil accumulations, of which there are many in the Ventura province, mainly occur in anticlinal settings modified by faulting; stratigraphy is also influential in creating traps for hydrocarbons. Where the sedimentary rocks are sandstones with high porosity, and the structure and stratigraphy allow hydrocarbons to be trapped on their upward migration, oilfields are found.
As the oil field is in the center of a large flat alluvial floodplain, there is no surface expression of any anticlinal structure capable of holding oil. Under the surface alluvium, a series of relatively impermeable sedimentary units cap the petroleum-bearing formation. On top are the Pleistocene San Pedro and Pleistocene-upper Pliocene
Santa Barbara formations; under that the Pico Sands, of Pliocene age, which contain areas of tar sands; under that, separated by an unconformity, the Monterey Formation, of Miocene age, which also contains tar sands (the Vaca Tar Sand); under that, again separated by an unconformity, the relatively impermeable Conejo-Topanga Formation, which caps the faulted anticlinal structure containing medium-grade oil about below ground surface. This producing horizon is named the "McInnes" pool, and is in the Oligocene-age Sespe Formation.
The Oxnard field contains a large quantity of tar sand, a type of bitumen which is categorized as an unconventional oil deposit. The average depth below ground surface of the tar sands – both the Vaca Sand, and the Pico Sand – is about , and their thickness ranges from 0 to , representing a total volume of , equivalent to approximately of oil for both units, were it possible to recover their petroleum content. Only a tiny fraction of this has been brought to the surface to date, although Tri-Valley Corporation is actively developing the unit by drilling horizontal wells through the sands and subjecting them to the cyclic steam process. According to Tri-Valley, some of the test wells have shown production rates of , and can be brought online as soon as the steam generators and storage infrastructure are in place on the field.
The quality of the oil from the lower pools is good and the gravity medium, at 24 to 38 API, while the oil from the tar sand is extremely heavy and of poor quality, with an extraordinarily high sulfur content – API gravity of 7, viscosity of 28,000 to 33,000 centipoises, and sulfur content of between 5 and 7.5 percent by weight.
History, production and operations
The field was discovered in January 1937 by Vaca Oil Exploration Co., which drilled into tar sands about below ground surface. In spite of the extremely viscous petroleum deposits in the producing formation, which they named after their firm – the Pliocene "Vaca" Tar Sand – they were able to produce about . In May of that same year they discovered tar sands in the underlying Monterey Formation from which they were able to produce about of oil per day.
More adventurous drillers found deeper producing horizons with lighter oil. In 1953 and 1954 the McInnes, Lucas, and Livingston pools were brought online, producing oil of API gravity 24, 32 and 25-36 respectively. Waterflooding operations in these deeper reservoirs in the 1960s assisted production, but most wells in these horizons were abandoned as the last economically recoverable oil was extracted; a few remained as water disposal wells, as it is usually both economically and environmentally preferable to reinject wastewater back into a depleted reservoir than to treat and release it on the surface. In 2008 only two wells remained active in the deep McInnes reservoir; all the others were in the shallow tar sands.
Under the California Department of Conservation well adoption rule, Tri-Valley Oil & Gas Company acquired 20 wells formerly operated by defunct GEO Petroleum, Inc., which filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in 1998. Wells declared deserted by the State – typically due to the dissolution of the operator – are open to adoption and redevelopment under the "orphan well" rule, with the written consent of the owner of the mineral rights to the property as well as the State Department of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources. In 2008 Tri-Valley began redeveloping these wells and bringing them back to production.
Oil produced in the field goes to the small (-per-day) Oxnard Refinery, owned by Tenby, Inc., in an unincorporated area south of Fifth Street near the eastern Oxnard city limit. This refinery also processes oil from the West Montalvo field on the coast directly west of the Oxnard field.
Oil field waste
Anterra operates the only commercial facility that disposes oil field waste through injection wells in the county. In 1998, Anadime Energy Services Inc. applied for permission from the county of Ventura to operate a commercial disposal site at 1933 E. Wooley Road near the Oxnard city limits. This Canadian firm accepted waste from other oil field operators, mostly brine, and injects it thousands of feet into the ground. This permit held by Anterra will expire in 2018 and the commercial oil disposal sites in agricultural land are no longer permitted by county zoning law. The county Board of Supervisors eliminated such a use in farmland two years after the 1998 permit was issued. They also denied a zoning change in 2015 that would have allowed expansion of the facility citing the many places of open space and industrial zones where the oil field disposal sites are permitted. They were unconvinced by the testimony that Ventura County, as the third-largest oil-producing region in the state, needs to allow brines to be disposed of effectively and cheaply. Anterra can still apply to continue operations at the current level when the permit expires. The Santa Clara Wastewater Facility, established in 1959 about southwest of Santa Paula, can also accept such waste but doesn't have injection wells on site.
References
California Oil and Gas Fields, Volumes I, II and III. Vol. I (1998), Vol. II (1992), Vol. III (1982). California Department of Conservation, Division of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources (DOGGR). 1,472 pp. Ventura Oil Field information pp. 572–574. PDF file available on CD from www.consrv.ca.gov.
California Department of Conservation, Oil and Gas Statistics, Annual Report, December 31, 2008.
Keller, Margaret. Ventura Basin Province, U.S. Geological Survey Digital Data Series DDS-30, Release 2, one CD-ROM, 19 p. + supporting maps, figures, and tables. Available here
Notes
Oil fields in California
Geology of Ventura County, California
Geography of Ventura County, California
Landmarks in Ventura County, California
Oxnard, California
Strophurus taeniatus, also known commonly as the phasmid striped gecko or the white-striped gecko, is a species of lizard in the family Diplodactylidae. The species is endemic to Australia.
Geographic range
S. taeniatus is found in the northern parts of the Australian states and territories of Northern Territory, Queensland, and Western Australia.
Habitat
The preferred habitats of S. taeniatus are grassland and rocky areas.
Reproduction
S. taeniatus is oviparous.
References
Further reading
Cogger HG (2014). Reptiles and Amphibians of Australia, Seventh Edition. Clayton, Victoria, Australia: CSIRO Publishing. xxx + 1,033 pp. .
Laver RJ, Nielsen SV, Rosauer DF, Oliver PM (2017). "Trans-biome diversity in Australian grass-specialist lizards (Diplodactylidae: Strophurus)". Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 115: 62–70.
Lönnberg E, Andersson LG (1913). "Results of Dr. E. Mjöbergs Swedish Scientific Expeditions to Australia 1910—13. III. Reptiles". Kongliga Svenska Vetenskapsakademiens Handlingar, Ny Följd, Stockholm 52 (3): 1–17. (Oedurella taeniata, new species, pp. 5–6, Figures 1–3).
Wilson, Steve; Swan, Gerry (2013). A Complete Guide to Reptiles of Australia, Fourth Edition. Sydney, New South Wales, Australia: New Holland Publishers. 522 pp. .
Strophurus
Geckos of Australia
Reptiles described in 1913
Taxa named by Einar Lönnberg
Taxa named by Lars Gabriel Andersson
The Battle of Rajgad (1703-1704) was fought on between the Mughal Empire and the Maratha Empire. Mughal Emperor, Aurangzeb, ordered for Hamiduddin Khan and Tarbiyat Khan to attack the Rajgad fortress once again, which was being held by Santaji Shilimkar. The Mughals devastated the fortress and inflicted massive damage on the Maratha position. Eventually the majority of the fort was captured, but the Marathas surrendered shortly after.
References
Raigarh (1703-1704)
Raigarh (1703-1704)
1703 in India
Raigarh (1703-1704)
The Kickback is the only studio album by American hip hop group Cali Swag District.
Originally to be released under Capitol Records, the album experienced numerous delays. With Capitol Records' parent company, EMI, facing an uncertain future, CSD requested to be released from the Capitol contract. The group eventually signed with Sphinx Music Entertainment/319 Music Group and The Kickback was distributed by Sony/RED on July 12, 2011.
Reception
The Kickback received positive reviews from critics. On Metacritic, the album holds a score of 67/100 based on 5 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Track listing
Track listing revealed by iTunes Store.
All tracks are produced by RunWay Star.
References
2011 debut albums
Cali Swag District albums
Sony Records albums
Hexagon Theatre may refer to:
Hexagon Theatre (KwaZulu-Natal), theatre in South Africa
The Hexagon, theatre in Reading, England
Rosa Judge MQR ( Micallef; 1919 – 6 September 2017) was a Maltese musician. They were educated at St Catherine's School in Sliema, Malta.
Career
In 1934 they were awarded the Gold Medal from the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music for the highest distinction marks in the final grade. They were awarded an exhibition to the Royal Academy of Music, London. They were an Associate of Royal Academy of Music and an Honorary Member of the Royal College of Music.
Awards
In 1982 they were created "Cavaliere del Umanita" from the International Society of Cavalleria Cristiana and in 1993 they were invested a Marchesa of the Holy Roman Empire. In 1996 the Republic of France named them a Chevalier dans L'Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. In 1996 they were named as a Dame of the Military Hospitaller of Jerusalem. In 2011 they were awarded the Midalja għall-Qadi tar-Repubblika (Medal for Service to the Republic).
Personal life
Judge was born in Sliema, Malta, the eldest daughter of Anthony Micallef and Olga (née Bartolo). As of 2008 they resided in Malta.
In 1938 they married Raymond Judge. They had two children:
a) Igor Judge, Baron Judge (b. 1941), Privy Counsellor; Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales
b) Tanya Theresa Judge (b. 1946); has issue from first marriage, currently married to Sir Ian Patrick Lowson, 2nd Bt and has issue
References
1919 births
2017 deaths
Maltese pianists
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Music
Chevaliers of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres
Recipients of Midalja għall-Qadi tar-Repubblika
Maltese women
Patrick Shevelle Love (born July 23, 1968) is an American gospel musician. They started their music career with the release of Wait on the Lord, released in 1994, by Crystal Rose Records. Their second album, The Vision, was released by Crystal Rose Records in 1998. Both albums charted on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums charts.
Early life
Love was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, as Patrick Shevelle Love. Their father is a retired stevedore; their mother was a small business owner and nursery school worker. Patrick is a 1986 graduate of West Mecklenburg High School.
Music career
Patrick's formal music career began in 1994, with inspiration from Donald Lawrence, who attended their church, Salem Baptist Church. Lawrence helped to foster Love's career by signing him, along with their choir, to the label that they co-owned, Crystal Rose Records. Lawrence helped to produce the two albums that Love released. The 1994 release of Wait on the Lord was Love's breakthrough release on the Billboard magazine Gospel Albums at No. 18. Their second album, The Vision, was released on March 10, 1998, and it charted at No. 16 on the asupervisorstioned chart.
Discography
References
1968 births
Living people
African-American songwriters
African-American Christians
Musicians from Charlotte, North Carolina
Songwriters from North Carolina
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
The little minivet (Pericrocotus lansbergei), also known as the Flores minivet, is a species of bird in the family Campephagidae. It is endemic to Indonesia. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest.
References
little minivet
Birds of the Lesser Sunda Islands
Birds of Flores
little minivet
little minivet
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Tyler Hines (born June 27, 1990) is an American former basketball player.
College career
Hines played college basketball for the University of Maryland Eastern Shore's Hawks, from 2008 to 2012.
Professional career
Peristeri
After not being selected in the 2012 NBA Draft, Hines signed with the Greek club Peristeri, where they played one season in the Greek Basket League. In 23 games played, they averaged 10.2 points, 6.2 rebounds, 1.0 Blocks and 1.4 assists per game.
Kumanovo
In August 2014, Hines signed a one-year contract with the Macedonian First League club Kumanovo.
Raiffeisen Wels
On January 30, 2018, Hines joined WBC Raiffeisen Wels of the Austrian ÖBL League
Personal life
Born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, to Deidre Ledgister and Reggie Hines. Hines' father, Reggie, was a part of several different NFL training camps. They also have an older sibling, Kyle Hines, and one younger sister. Their brother, Kyle, is also a professional basketball player, who plays for Olimpia Milano.
References
External links
ProBallers.com Profile
Eurobasket.com Profile
Greek Basket League Profile
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Greece
American expatriate basketball people in North Macedonia
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from New Jersey
Centers (basketball)
Maryland Eastern Shore Hawks men's basketball players
People from Winslow Township, New Jersey
Peristeri B.C. players
Power forwards (basketball)
Basketball players from Philadelphia
The New Zealand Under 20's Rugby Team are the representative Rugby Union team from New Zealand. They replace the two former age grade teams Under 19s and Under 21s. Their first tournament was the 2008 IRB Junior World Championship, which they won after defeating England 38–3 in the final. They have gone on to also win the 2009, 2010, 2011, 2015 and 2017 World Rugby Under 20's Championship. The team also competes in the Oceania U20 Championship as of 2015. The New Zealand under 20s have been nicknamed the "Baby Blacks" after the youthful All Blacks side which played in 1986.
Overall
Summary for all matches played by the New Zealand Under-20's up until 11 July 2022
Results
2022
2022 Oceania Championship – (1st place)
2021
On 17 July they beat the Cook Islands national rugby union team by a score of 73-0.
2020
No competition.
2019
2019 World Championship – (7th place)
2019 Oceania Championship – (2nd place)
2018
2018 World Championship – (4th place)
2018 Oceania Championship – (1st place)
2017
2017 World Championship – (1st place)
2017 Oceania Championship – (1st place)
2016
2016 World Championship – (5th place)
2016 Oceania Championship – (1st place)
2015
2015 World Championship – (1st place)
2015 Oceania Championship – (1st place)
2008 to 2014
2014 World Championship – (3rd place)
2013 World Championship – (4th place)
2012 World Championship – (2nd place)
The team's first-ever loss was 6–9 to Wales in 2012.
2011 World Championship – (1st place)
2010 World Championship – (1st place)
2009 World Championship – (1st place)
2008 World Championship – (1st place)
Squads
Current squad
The following players were named in the New Zealand Under-20 squad for the Oceania Rugby Under 20 Championship 2022.
Coaches
Due to the U20 category only existing since the combining of the U19 and U21 age-groups in 2007, the following table only includes coaches appointed since. In the inaugural tournament in 2008, Dave Rennie and Russell Hilton-Jones served as Co-Coaches in charge of the team. Craig Philpott is the longest serving Coach.
For the 2022 season Tom Donnelly is the Head Coach with Cory Jane and Scott Hansen as assistants.
See also
New Zealand national schoolboy rugby union team
New Zealand national under-19 rugby union team
New Zealand national under-21 rugby union team
Junior All Blacks
References
External links
Under20
Oceanian national under-20 rugby union teams
Janet Tobias is a media executive specializing in healthcare as well as an Emmy Award-winning director, producer, and writer.
They directed Fauci, and also No Place On Earth in 2012, a docudrama about two caves in Ukraine in which three dozen Jews escaping the Holocaust successfully hid for a total of 511 days. Them screenplay, co-written with Paul Laikin, was a finalist for the 2014 Award for Documentary Screenplay from the Writers Guild of America.
More recently, Tobias directed Unseen Enemy, a documentary on the threat of pandemics in the 21st century which initially aired on CNN in 2017. 2018 saw the release of their documentary Memory Games, a glimpse into the brain's vast potential for memorization through the eyes of four memory competition participants.
Career
After growing up in Indiana, graduating from Yale University, and working in radio news, Tobias started their television career at CBS's 60 Minutes as Diane Sawyer's associate producer. They then moved to ABC's Prime Time Live, where they produced, wrote, and directed both domestic and international stories ranging from a case study of organ donation to a portrait of the Kuwaiti royal family after the Gulf War.
In 1992, Tobias moved to Dateline NBC to work as a national producer, supervising pieces on medical ethics and the home health care industry. Following Dateline, they worked as an editorial producer of ABC News' Law and Justice unit where they developed stories for Nightline, 20/20, and World News Tonight; they were also the executive producer for PBS's Emmy Award-winning program Life 360.
In 2001, they founded a television and film production company called Sierra/Tango Productions with former ABC anchor Forrest Sawyer. Sierra/Tango has produced over a dozen documentaries on social issues ranging from medical ethics to the life of teenagers in America. Tobias is also the founder of Ikana Health, which focuses on the mobile web, social media and video as it relates to healthcare information and improving patient outcomes.
In 2009, Tobias was appointed to the Forum on Drug Discovery, Development and Translation of the Institute of Medicine at the National Academy of Sciences, serving two terms until 2015. In 2010, they became an adjunct professor of Medicine in the Department of Health Evidence & Policy at Mount Sinai School of Medicine where they work on preventing diabetes in minority populations. In 2014, they became a research professor of Global Public Health in New York University's College of Global Public Health.
Ms. Tobias is a member of the Writer's Guild of America and currently resides in New York City.
Filmography
The following are among Tobias's commercial films:
Director
2021: Fauci (director/producer)
2018: Memory Games (director/writer/producer)
2017: CNN: Unseen Enemy (director/writer/producer)
2012: No Place On Earth (director/writer/producer)
Producer
2018: Memory Games (producer/writer/director)
2017: CNN: Unseen Enemy (producer/director/writer)
2012: No Place On Earth (director/producer/writer)
2005: History Channel: Voices of Civil Rights (executive producer)
2004: MSNBC: Battle for America's Schools (executive producer)
2003: MSNBC Reports: The Next War (executive producer)
2003: National Geographic Television: Living Dangerously (producer) (2 episodes: Alaska Climber, Airborne)
2003: MSNBC Investigates: Nature's Weapon: The Hidden Plague (executive producer)
2001-2002: PBS: Life 360 series (executive producer)
2001: Frontline (Juvenile Justice) (producer/director/writer)
2000: Nightline (senior producer)
1999: Y2K: The Winter of Our Disconnect (executive producer)
Awards
National Emmy and American Bar Association awards
2 Cine Golden Eagles'
The George Foster Peabody Award
2 Casey Medals for Meritorious Journalism
National Headliner Award
Sigma Delta Chi Award
Honorable mention Robert F. Kennedy Journalism and Overseas Press Awards
Hampton's International Film Festival Audience Award
References
Living people
American media executives
Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai faculty
New York University faculty
Yale University alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | Y | Z
Hadzhi Dimitar Peak, Graham Coast
Hadzhiev Glacier, Alexander Island
Hall Cove, Nelson Island
Haralambiev Island, South Orkney Islands
Hariton Peak, Sentinel Range
Harmanli Cove, Tower Island
Haskovo Cove, Greenwich Island
Hayduta Buttress, Fallières Coast
Hazarbasanov Ridge, Trinity Peninsula
Hebrizelm Hill, Greenwich Island
Helis Nunatak, Livingston Island
Hemimont Plateau, Loubet Coast
Hemus Peak, Livingston Island
Herbst Nunatak, Alexander Island
Heros Peninsula, Foyn Coast
Herring Point, Rugged Island
Hervé Island, Biscoe Islands
Hesperides Hill, Livingston Island
Hisarya Cove, Smith Island
Hitar Petar Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Hitov Spur, Oscar II Coast
Hitrino Ridge, Oscar II Coast
Mount Hleven, Sentinel Range
Hoatsin Island, Wilhelm Archipelago
Hochstetter Peak, Trinity Peninsula
Hodges Knoll, Sentinel Range
Hondius Inlet, Bowman Coast
Hrabar Nunatak, Greenwich Island
Huhla Col, Trinity Peninsula
Huma Nunatak, Trinity Peninsula
Humar Peak, Oscar II Coast
Hvarchil Point, Brabant Island
Hvoyna Cove, Davis Coast
Mount Hypothesis, Nordenskjöld Coast
See also
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
External links
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer
SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica with place-name search.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian toponymic presence in Antarctica. Polar Week at the National Museum of Natural History in Sofia, 2–6 December 2019
Bibliography
J. Stewart. Antarctica: An Encyclopedia. Jefferson, N.C. and London: McFarland, 2011. 1771 pp.
L. Ivanov. Bulgarian Names in Antarctica. Sofia: Manfred Wörner Foundation, 2021. Second edition. 539 pp. (in Bulgarian)
Antarctica
Bulgarian toponyms in Antarctica
Names of places in Antarctica
Luc De Larochellière (born 27 April 1966) is a Canadian singer-songwriter from Quebec.
Career
Larochellière performed at the Festival de la chanson de Granby, Quebec, winning a number of awards. This led to their signing to the Trafic record label in 1988. De Larochellière released their debut album Amère America. The album resulted in a number of hits including the title track "Amère America" as well as "La route est longue" and "Chinatown Blues". The album was certified gold.
In 1990, Larochellière released Sauvez mon âme; several singles from this album were popular in Quebec, including like "Sauvez mon âme", "Ma génération", "Cash City", "Si j'te disais reviens" and "Si fragile".
De Larochellière attracted a following throughout the 1990s though with lesser success and in 1993 co-founded Zéro Musique with François Pérusse. In 2014, they released a compilation album of their biggest hits under the title En bref.
In 2017 De Larochellière was named French Songwriter of the Year at the Canadian Folk Music Awards.
Awards and nominations
In 1991, De Larochellière album won three Félix Awards for Best Show, Best Pop/Rock Album and for De Larochellière the Best Male Singer of the Year in Quebec's ADISQ 1991 awards
The same year, they were nominated for best Album during the French Victoires de la musique.
During the Juno Awards of 1992, they won the Juno Award for Francophone Album of the Year for the album.
During the Juno Awards of 2010, they were nominated for Francophone Album of the Year for their album Un toi dans ma tête
Personal life
Since 2012, they live with their girlfriend, the Franco-Ontarian singer Andrea Lindsay, with whom they released the joint album C'est d'l'amour ou c'est comme in 2012.
Discography
Albums
1988: Amère America (Trafic)
1990: Sauvez mon âme (Trafic)
1993: Los Angeles (Zéro musique)
1996: Les Nouveaux Héros (Zéro musique)
2000: Vu d'ici (Victoire)
2004: Quelque chose d'animal (Victoire)
2006: Voix croisées (Victoire)
2009: Un toi dans ma tête (Victoire)
2012: C'est d'l'amour ou c'est comme (joint album with Andrea Lindsay)
2016: Autre Monde (Victoire)
Compilation albums
2014: En bref
Singles
(selective, in alphabetical order of title)
"Amère America" (1988)
"Beauté perdue"
"Cash City" (1990)
"Chinatown Blues" (1988)
"J'ai vu"
"La route est longue" (1988)
"Ma génération" (1990)
"Sauvez mon âme" (1990)
"Si fragile" (1990)
"Si j'te disais reviens" (1990)
"Un toi dans ma tête"
References
External links
Official website
1968 births
Living people
Singers from Quebec
Canadian pop singers
French-language singers of Canada
20th-century Canadian male singers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Juno Award for Francophone Album of the Year winners
Canadian Folk Music Award winners
21st-century Canadian male singers
Canadian male singer-songwriters
Theodore Lester "T. J." Beam (born August 28, 1980) is a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher and current pitching coach for the Ole Miss Rebels baseball team.
Professional career
New York Yankees
Beam made their major league debut for the New York Yankees on June 17, , against the Washington Nationals at RFK Stadium in the bottom of the sixth inning. Beam pitched 1 and 1/3 of an inning giving up one home run, three hits, and one earned run. Beam's first career at bat resulted in a check swing strikeout by former Yankee relief pitcher Mike Stanton.
Beam won their first game on June 20, 2006, by pitching one-third of an inning, retiring the only batter they faced (Aaron Rowand), against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Beam was offered a new contract by the Yankees, declined, and became a free agent on December 12, .
Pittsburgh Pirates
On December 14, 2007, Beam signed a minor league contract with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Through September 4, Beam had a 3.89 ERA in 22 games. On August 19, 2008, Beam retired the final batter of the game to notch their only career save, nailing down a 4-1 Pirates victory over the Cardinals.
Toronto Blue Jays
On January 30, , Beam was designated for assignment to create roster space for newly signed outfielder Eric Hinske. On February 5, they were claimed off waivers by the Toronto Blue Jays.
Arizona Diamondbacks
Beam was signed to a minor league contract which included an invitation to spring training by the Arizona Diamondbacks on December 4, 2009. They spent the season with Triple-A Reno, where they went 3-3 with a 6.33 ERA in 43 appearances with 5 saves, striking out 34 over 54 innings
Lancaster Barnstormers
Beam spent 2011 with the Lancaster Barnstormers of the Atlantic League. In 52 appearances, Beam went 3-3 with a 4.78 ERA with 1 save, striking out 40 in 49 innings.
Coaching career
Beam spent the 2013 season as the Ole Miss Rebels student assistant acting as a pitching coach. The Rebels pitching staff had a combined 3.07 ERA while striking out 432 over 557.2 innings.
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
Baseball players from Scottsdale, Arizona
Battle Creek Yankees players
Charleston RiverDogs players
Columbus Clippers players
Gigantes del Cibao players
American expatriate baseball players in the Dominican Republic
Grand Canyon Rafters players
Gulf Coast Yankees players
Indianapolis Indians players
Lancaster Barnstormers players
Las Vegas 51s players
Major League Baseball pitchers
New York Yankees players
Ole Miss Rebels baseball players
Peoria Saguaros players
Pittsburgh Pirates players
Reno Aces players
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees players
Staten Island Yankees players
Tampa Yankees players
Tiburones de La Guaira players
American expatriate baseball players in Venezuela
Trenton Thunder players
Scottsdale Fighting Artichokes baseball players
Singapore Chinese Orchestra SCO () is Singapore's only professional Chinese orchestra. Inaugurated in 1997, the 85-musician orchestra took on the twin role of preserving traditional arts and culture and establishing new frontiers through the incorporation of Nanyang music elements in its repertoire.
History
In 1968, an amateur Chinese orchestra was established as part of the National Theatre under the auspices of the Minister of Culture. This is quickly followed by a performing unit formed by the People's Association Cultural Troupe, the People's Association Chinese Orchestra (PACO) on 1 July 1968 as part of the government's effort to cultivate racial harmony. Ma Wen was the first conductor of PACO in 1971, followed by Li Xueling in 1973. This became a semi-professional orchestra in 1975 when Ng Tai Kong, the new conductor introduce 6 professional musicians. Ng left in 1977 to form the Hong Kong Chinese Orchestra, and they were followed by Lim Tiap Guan in 1977 and Ku Lap Man in 1980. The number of professionals gradually increased and the orchestra had 32 full-time members by 1984.
In 1992, People's Association Chinese Orchestra changed its name to Singapore Chinese Orchestra. Qu Chun Quan took over as conductor after Ku retired in 1995. In May 1996, at the initiative of the then-Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong, this orchestra became independent of People's Association to operate as a private company, and was inaugurated as a fully-professional national orchestra. The Singapore Conference Hall was provided as its venue for performances and rehearsals. Lee Hsien Loong who later became Prime Minister was appointed patron of the orchestra.
Hu Bingxu was appointed the new music director in 1996 with Qu the deputy music director, and the orchestra expanded to 45 members. In came under the Ministry of Information, Communications and the Arts in 1999. On 1 January 2000, it staged a most ambitious project yet, a Millennium concert featuring 1,000 performers. Later mega concerts in 2004 featured 2,000 performers and over 4,000 in 2014. Hu left in 2000, and Tsung Yeh was appointed its music director in 2002 and has remained in the post since.
Singapore National Youth Chinese Orchestra
The Singapore National Youth Chinese Orchestra (SNYCO) is a group of young musicians between the ages of 11 to 25 years old. It has been under the management of Singapore Chinese Orchestra (SCO) since 2003 and held its premiere concert in 2004. Until January 2017, it was named the Singapore Youth Chinese Orchestra (SYCO).
See also
Guoyue (國樂)
Yayue (雅樂)
Nanguan music (南管)
Beiguan music (北管)
Taoist music
Chinese orchestra
Siong Leng Musical Association
The TENG Company
References
External links
Singapore Chinese Orchestra's Official Website
Chinese-Singaporean culture
Singaporean orchestras
Chinese orchestras
Chinese musical instrument ensembles
Musical groups established in 1996
1996 establishments in Singapore
Chinese Singaporean organisations
Anna Maria (Anne Marie) Lütken (1916–2001) was a Danish painter who is remembered above all for their distinctive figure paintings, frequently based on their mother, their grandmother or themselves as models. They also painted scenes of nature, including landscapes from Vendsyssel in the north of Jutland. In 2008, their works were presented together with those of Agnete Bjerre in an exhibition at Vrå where they were a member of the cultural association from 1956.
Biography
Born on 29 September 1916 in Årby near Kalundborg, Anna Maria Lütken was the daughter of the writer (1893–1977). From 1947, they studied at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts under Vilhelm Lundstrøm, Kræsten Iversen and Elof Risebye, graduating in 1955. While still studying, they exhibited their works from 1951, contributing to the Charlottenborg Spring Exhibitions (1953–1975) and Vrå exhibitions {1953–1984), and to many other shows.
From their début in 1951, Lütken developed their monumental figure style, becoming a distinctive contributor to Danish painting. They frequently used their mother and grandmother as models, their female figures extending over most of the painting surface. Them figures are usually combined with details such as the side of a chair leg or a table top, resulting in their appearance as part of a spatial whole. In their well balanced compositions, dark brown, green and greyish black areas form contrasts with a few much brighter areas. In their most successful works, the figures present stunning expressions of human existence.
In 2008, their works were presented together with those of Agnete Bjerre in an exhibition at Vrå. They had grown up in Vendsyssel and had been a member of the cultural association in Vrå from 1956.
Anne Marie Lütken died on 10 August 2001 and is buried in Hellerup Cemetery.
References
External links
Artworks by Anne Marie Lütken from Kunstindeks Danmark
1916 births
2001 deaths
People from Kalundborg
20th-century Danish painters
Danish women painters
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
Recipients of the Eckersberg Medal
