Zarnan (, also romanized as Zarnān; also known as Zarnān-e Bālā, Qal‘eh-ye Bālā Zarnān, and Zard Āb) is a village in Danesh Rural District, in the Central District of Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 562, in 155 families.
References
Populated places in Qods County
Ardeadactylus (from Ardea – meaning "heron", and also a name of a genus of herons – and dactylus, meaning "finger") is an extinct genus of ctenochasmatoid pterosaur known from the Late Jurassic Solnhofen limestone of Bavaria, southern Germany. It contains a single species, Ardeadactylus longicollum, which was originally thought to be a species of Pterodactylus, as P. longicollum.
History
Only two specimens of Ardeadactylus are known to exist currently: SMNS 56603 (earlier SMNS 5802) found in 1874, a specimen from Nusplingen initially thought to belong to the species Pterodactylus suevicus (currently Cycnorhamphus), and the neotype of the species, JME-SOS 2428, a specimen held at Jura Museum in Eichstätt. Other known specimens, including the holotype designated by Christian Erich Hermann von Meyer when they named the type species Pterodactylus longicollum in 1854, were lost during World War II. The original holotype, consisting of the skull, neck and anterior torso, had been found near Eichstätt in 1853 and was that year acquired for the Herzoglich Leuchtenbergische Naturalien-Kabinett by Professor Ludwig Frischmann. Its destruction motivated Peter Wellnhofer to assign a neotype in 1970.
Description
Ardeadactylus is suspected to be a heron–like, long–necked long–legged piscivore. It was similar to Pterodactylus antiquus in its general body form, but seems to have been larger. Bennett (2013) estimated the wingspan of the neotype specimen to be ; the referred specimen from the Jura Museum is more or less 10% larger. A. longicollum had fewer, fifteen per jaw, and relatively larger teeth than P. antiquus, possibly indicating that it preyed on larger fish than Pterodactylus.
Classification
In 2017, a phylogenetic analysis by Steven Vidovic and David Martill found Ardeadactylus within the family Aurorazhdarchidae, sister taxon to Aurorazhdarcho. Their cladogram is shown below:
In 2018 however, Nicholas Longrich and colleagues had recovered a different set of relationships for ctenochasmatoids. In their analysis, Ardeadactylus was recovered within the Ctenochasmatidae instead. Their cladogram is shown below.
See also
Timeline of pterosaur research
References
Late Jurassic pterosaurs of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 2013
Solnhofen fauna
Kimmeridgian life
Tithonian life
Ctenochasmatoids
SITE (originally also known as Sculpture in the Environment) is an architecture and environmental design firm founded in 1970 by James Wines.
Located in the Wall Street area of New York City, the firm aims to unite building design with visual art, landscape, and green technology.
In the 1970s, SITE became internationally known for a series of highly unorthodox retail facilities for Best Products. While keeping the basic shape of a simple brick box, SITE gave the exteriors of the buildings an ironic postmodern twist, often suggesting cracks in the brickwork or deforming walls.
The severely distressed crumbling walls of the Indeterminate facade near Houston, Texas purportedly “appeared in more books on 20th century architecture than photographs of any other modern structure.”
Despite possibly representing "the apex of American Postmodernism," all the BEST facades disappeared or are now unrecognisably transformed.
See also
Environmental sculpture
Plop art
Best Products
James Wines
References
External links
Urban planning in the United States
Environmental design
Architecture firms based in New York City
Companies based in Manhattan
Design companies established in 1970
1970 establishments in New York (state)
Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 2 East was a tier 10 English Rugby Union league with teams from Nottinghamshire, Lincolnshire and the eastern region of Leicestershire taking part. Promoted teams moved up to Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 East and there was no relegation.
The division was created in 2000, along with its counterpart Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 2 West, following the splitting of the East Midlands and Leicestershire leagues and the subsequent merging of the Leicestershire and Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire leagues. After four seasons the league was discontinued following further restructuring and the majority of teams moved into the newly created Notts, Lincs, Derbyshire/North Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire/Lincolnshire divisions.
Original teams
When this division was introduced in 2000 it contained the following teams:
Appleby Frodingham – promoted from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 3 (8th)
Bingham – promoted from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 3 (6th)
Bourne – promoted from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 3 (10th)
Gainsborough – promoted from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 3 (79th)
Horncastle – promoted from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 3 (9th)
North Kesteven Old Boys – promoted from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 3 (4th)
Skegness – transferred from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 2 (9th)
Stamford College Old Boys – transferred from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 2 (11th)
Yarborough Bees – promoted from Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire 3 (5th)
Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 2 East honours
Number of league titles
North Kesteven Old Boys (3)
Stamford College Old Boys (1)
Notes
See also
Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 East
Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 1 West
Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire/Leicestershire 2 West
Midlands RFU
Notts, Lincs & Derbyshire RFU
Leicestershire RU
English rugby union system
Rugby union in England
References
External links
NLD RFU website
Leicestershire Rugby Union website
10
Rugby union in Nottinghamshire
Rugby union in Lincolnshire
Rugby union in Leicestershire
Sport leagues established in 2000
Sport leagues disestablished in 2004
Akropong is a town in south Ghana.
Akropong may also refer to:
Akropong (Ghana parliament constituency)
Akropong–Akuapem, a kingdom-state
Wassa-Akropong, a town
Ildikó Raimondi (born 11 November 1962) is a Hungarian-Austrian operatic soprano and academic voice teacher. They have been a member of the Vienna State Opera since 1991, and has performed leading roles internationally, especially in Mozart operas. They also work in concert and lied, including contemporary compositions. They have received Austrian awards.
Career
Ildikó Clara Szabo was born on 11 November 1962 in Arad, Romania. After studies in their home country and engagements there and in Italy, Raimondi won first prize in the operetta category at the 7th International Hans Gabor Belvedere Singing Competition in 1988.
Since 1991 they have been a member of the ensemble of the Vienna State Opera, where they have appeared in more than 40 roles, including Mozart's Susanna in Le nozze di Figaro, Zerlina in Don Giovanni, and Pamina in Die Zauberflöte. They appeared there as Mimi in Puccini's La bohème and Rosalinde in the operetta Die Fledermaus by Johann Strauss. They appeared as Micaela in Bizet's Carmen also at the Bregenz Festival, as Marzelline in Beethoven's Fidelio at the 1996 Edinburgh Festival Fringe, conducted by Charles Mackerras, and at the Salzburg Festival, performing works by Mozart and Egon Wellesz. Raimondi appeared as a guest at the Deutsche Oper Berlin, the Semperoper in Dresden, the Bavarian State Opera in Munich, the Zürich Opera House, and the Bolshoi Theatre In Moscow. They sang the part of Marzelline in Fidelio, conducted by Zubin Mehta, in the opening season of the Palau de les Arts Reina Sofia, the new opera house of Valencia.
Raimondi has performed in concerts, on radio and television in many European countries, in Japan, Indonesia, the U.S. and Israel. They have sung sacred music, for example in the Schubertiade of the Vienna Musikverein, and in Bach's and Haydn's oratorios. They performed Mozart works at the Wiener Klangbogen and at the Wiener Festwochen. They have interpreted music of the 20th century, including works by Franz Schmidt, Arnold Schoenberg, Alexander von Zemlinsky, Egon Wellesz, Ernst Krenek, Gottfried von Einem, Paul Hindemith, Friedrich Cerha and Thomas Daniel Schlee. In 2003, Raimondi issued a collection of 41 songs by the Czech composer Václav Tomášek on texts by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. In 2011 they recorded the new gender-neutral text versions of the Austrian national anthem.
Raimondi has been professor of voice at the Mozarteum University Salzburg in Salzburg since October 2015.
Awards
2004: Österreichische Kammersängerin
2014: Austrian Decoration for Science and Art
Repertoire
Opera
Susanna – The Marriage of Figaro
Zerlina – Don Giovanni
Pamina, First Lady – The Magic Flute
Marzelline – Fidelio
Freia – Das Rheingold
Gutrune – Götterdämmerung
Ighino – Palestrina
Zdenka – Arabella
Sophie – Weiße Rose
Adina – L'elisir d'amore
Alice – Falstaff
Lauretta – Gianni Schicchi
Mimi, Musette – La bohème
Nedda – Pagliacci
Antonia – The Tales of Hoffmann
Micaela – Carmen
Operetta
Adele, Rosalinde – Die Fledermaus
Gräfin Gabriele – Wiener Blut
Hanna Glawari – Die lustige Witwe
Angele Didier – Der Graf von Luxemburg
Fedora – Die Zirkusprinzessin
Concert
Bach – Passions, masses, cantatas
Mozart – Masses, Requiem, concert arias
Haydn – Masses, Die Schöpfung, Die Jahreszeiten
Bruckner –
Lieder
Mozart, Haydn, Beethoven, Schubert, Schumann, Brahms, Wolf (also orchestral songs), Strauss (also orchestral songs), Pfitzner, Schönberg, Zemlinsky (also orchestral songs), Berg, Songs by various masters from the 17th century to the present etc.
Recordings
Liszt Oubliée – organum classics 2015
Johan Wenzel Tomaschek – Goethe Lieder / Paladino 2011
Wiener Opernfest 2005 / Orfeo
Gruß an Vienna 2005 / Arts
Lieder des Lebens 2002 / ORF
Ein deutsches Requiem 2002 / ORF
Don Giovanni 2002 / Naxos Records
Fidelio 1998 / Telarc
References
External links
3rd Concert Salzburg Festival
Egon Wellesz Archiv at Egon Wellesz
KS Ildikó Raimondi at Vienna State Opera
Raimondi at Operabase
Ildiko Raimondi: Christmas in Vienna (2005) (YouTube)
1962 births
Living people
Austrian operatic sopranos
Österreichischer Kammersänger
Mozarteum University Salzburg faculty
Recipients of the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art
People from Arad, Romania
James Davis "Jimmy" Blacklock (born August 28, 1980) is an American attorney and judge currently serving as an associate justice of the Texas Supreme Court.
Background
Blacklock was born in Missouri City, Texas, where they attended public school throughout their primary education. They graduated from the University of Texas at Austin with a Bachelor of Arts degree in history. They then went to Yale Law School and clerked for Judge Jerry Edwin Smith of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit.
Career
After clerking for Judge Smith, Blacklock was appointed to the Civil Rights Division within the United States Department of Justice by President George W. Bush. Before their tenure as a judge, Blacklock served as General Counsel to then Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott and continued to serve Governor Abbott as general counsel until their appointment to the Texas Supreme Court on January 2, 2018.
Electoral history
Blacklock was up for election for the first time on November 6, 2018. They defeated Democratic challenger Steven Kirkland, a district court judge in Harris County (Houston), with 53.16% of the statewide votes. The statewide turnout in this race was 51.74%.
Notable Cases
In August 2021, Blacklock, writing for the Texas Supreme Court, ruled that the Texas Constitution "authorize[s] each [legislative] chamber to compel the attendance of absent members, by physical compulsion if necessary." The ruling was in response to Texas House Democrats fleeing the state to deny the chamber the quorum needed to vote on a controversial election bill.
In February 2022, Governor Abbott ordered the Texas Department of Family and Protective Services (DFPS) to investigate child abuse claims filed against parents who might be providing their transgender children with gender-transition procedures. After the ensuing legal battle, Blacklock wrote for an unanimous Court to strike down a state-wide injunction issued by a federal judge blocking investigation into parents of transgender youths, but they also ruled that the governor did not have the authority to order such investigations. However, Blacklock and two other justices dissented from the Court's decision to block investigation into Doe's family, who had initiated the lawsuit against Abbott.
Personal life
Blacklock lives in Austin with their wife and their three daughters, where they are members of All Saints Presbyterian Church.
References
External links
Campaign website
Biography at Supreme Court of Texas
1980 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Living people
21st-century American lawyers
21st-century American judges
Federalist Society members
George W. Bush administration personnel
Texas lawyers
Texas Republicans
Justices of the Texas Supreme Court
United States Department of Justice lawyers
University of Texas at Austin College of Liberal Arts alumni
Yale Law School alumni
Heathcote High School, established in 1960, is set in grounds near the Royal National Park on the southern side of Sydney, Australia. It is a Government comprehensive co-educational high school.
Parliamentary mentions
Geoff Dodds
In a debate in the Parliament of Australia, on 9 October 2006, Danna Vale MP praised several high school principals including Geoff Dodds of Heathcote High saying "I was privileged to be invited to a year 12 graduation assembly and, once again, was stirred by the thoughtful words of the principal's Geoff Dodds final address to the students."
Bravery award
A certificate of commendation for bravery was awarded by the New South Wales Parliament to teacher Greg Moon, with the commendation stating as follows:
"Mr Moon was leading an expedition of 10 students along the Dufars river when assistant instructor Gemima Robey slipped and fell into the water at a dangerous bend. With no thought for their own safety, Mr Moon rescued Ms Robey from the river and immediately attempted to resuscitate them Throughout this, Greg continued to manage the students who were under their care and becoming increasingly distressed."
Sporting success
In 2007, Year 12 Student Jacob Tito won the Pierre De Coubertin Award in recognition for their bravery in the sporting department. They were a contributor to sports such as swimming, athletics, touch football, Australian rules football and cross-country running (in which they were school champion, in age group, from 2005 to 2007 - Yr. 10 to Yr.12. The Pierre de Coubertin Award is nominated to those high school students across Australia, via the Australian Olympic Committee.
In 2019, Heathcote High School won the University Shield knock out rugby competition. Craig Holmes coached the team to victory, winning the grand final 56-12 against Bass High School.
Notable alumni
Jason Bargwannaracing driver, Supercars 1998–2011. Won the 2000 Bathurst 1000 driving with Garth Tander
Ray Barrettathlete; Indigenous Australian Paralympian
Ella NelsonOlympian, Professional Track athlete. 4 time National 200m champion. Competed at 2016 Olympics, 2015 and 2017 World Championships, 2014 Commonwealth Games
Marcela Bilek'Physical Scientist of the Year' 2002 and Professor of Applied Physics, University of Sydney
Peter Hadfieldathletes; nine-times Australian champion in athletics, represented Australia at two Olympic Games and two Commonwealth Games and won Silver in 1978 Commonwealth Games Decathlon, then became an athletics commentator for ABC Radio
Isobel Redmondpolitician; Leader of Opposition (Liberal Party) between 2009 and 2014, South Australian Parliament
Aaron Calver professional footballer. Plays as a defender for Gwangju FC in South Korea.
Samantha Bremner ńee Hammond. Women's rugby league star. Fullback for the Australian Jillaroos, NSW and St.george Illawarra Dragons in the women's competition. Has also represented Australia in touch football.
April Brandley ńee Letton. Australian netball player. Defence player for Australian Diamonds and Collingwood in Suncorp Super Netball.
Ben Dwarshuis. Australian Cricketer. Bowler for the Sydney Sixers. Capped by Australia in T20 format.
Brandon Loupos. Australian Freestyle BMX Rider. X Games Gold Medal for BMX Dirt in 2018.
See also
List of government schools in New South Wales
Education in Australia
References
External links
Official site
Sutherland Shire
Public high schools in Sydney
Educational institutions established in 1960
1960 establishments in Australia
Heathcote, New South Wales
Planet Drum is a world music album by Mickey Hart, a musician and musicologist who was a member of the rock band the Grateful Dead.
Hart's concept for Planet Drum was to play drum music with percussionists from around the world, and incorporate their different musical styles and traditions into a new global sound. The musicians on the Planet Drum album were from the United States (Hart), India (Zakir Hussain and T.H. "Vikku" Vinayakram), Nigeria (Sikiru Adepoju and Babatunde Olatunji), Brazil (Airto Moreira and their wife, vocalist Flora Purim), and Puerto Rico (Giovanni Hidalgo and Frank Colón).
Planet Drum won the Grammy Award for Best World Music Album of 1991, the first year in which the award was given. It reached number 1 on the Billboard chart for Top World Music Albums.
Planet Drum, the book
Hart also wrote a book called Planet Drum: A Celebration of Percussion and Rhythm, co-written by Fredric Lieberman and D.A. Sonneborn. The book explores the role of drumming in the musical, cultural, and spiritual traditions of different cultures. It was first published in 1991, the same year that the Planet Drum album was released, and has the same cover illustration by Nancy Nimoy.
Planet Drum, the band
Since Planet Drum was released, Mickey Hart has sometimes toured with many of the same musicians who played on the album, performing live concerts. This ensemble is also called Planet Drum.
Track listing
"Udu Chant" (Sikiru Adepoju, Mickey Hart, Zakir Hussain, Airto Moreira) – 3:40
"Island Groove" (Adepoju, Hart, Hussain, Moreira, Babatunde Olatunji) – 5:43
"Light Overshadow" (Moreira, Olatunji, Flora Purim) – 3:51
"Dance of the Hunter's Fire" (Adepoju, Moreira, Olatunji, Purim, T.H. "Vikku" Vinayakram) – 2:59
"Jewe (You are the One)" (Olatunji) – 4:06
"The Hunt" (Adepoju, Hart, Hussain, Moreira, Olatunji, Vinayakram) – 3:51
"Temple Caves" (Adepoju, Hart, Hussain, Moreira, Olatunji) – 3:13
"The Dancing Sorcerer" (Hussain, Moreira) – 2:57
"Bones" (Hart, Hussain, Olatunji, Purim) – 4:10
"Lost River" (Adepoju, Hart, Hussain, Moreira, Olatunji, Purim) – 2:58
"Evening Samba" (Adepoju, Hart, Hussain, Moreira, Olatunji, Vinayakram) – 4:30
"Iyanu (Surprises)" (Olatunji) – 2:02
"Mysterious Island" (Hart, Moreira, Purim, Jeff Sterling) – 5:49
Personnel
Musicians
Sikiru Adepoju
Molonga Casquelord
Frank Colón
Mickey Hart
Giovanni Hidalgo
Zakir Hussain
Bruce Langhorne
Airto Moreira
Caryl Ohrbach
Babatunde Olatunji
Flora Purim
Gordy Ryan
Jeff Sterling
T.H. "Vikku" Vinayakram
Production
Producer – Mickey Hart
Co-producers – Sikiru Adepoju, Zakir Hussain, Airto Moreira, Babatunde Olatunji, Flora Purim, T.H. "Vikku" Vinayakram
Recording and mixdown engineers – Tom Flye, Jeff Sterling
Production manager – Howard Cohen
Equipment managers – Ram Rod, Rudson Shurtliff
Technical support – Jack Crymes
Digital mastering – Paul Stubblebine
Cover illustration – Nancy Nimoy
Notes
External links
Mickey Hart official web site
Mickey Hart: Planet Drum 1991
Mickey Hart albums
1991 albums
Rykodisc albums
Grammy Award for Best World Music Album
Albums produced by Mickey Hart
Joseph Angus (January 1816 – August 1902) was an English Baptist minister, college head, and biblical scholar.
Life
The only son of John Angus, a farmer and later a leather merchant, by their wife Elizabeth Wanless, they were born at Bolam, Northumberland. Their first schooling was at Newcastle, under George Ferris Whidborne Mortimer, who wanted to send them to Cambridge. As a nonconformist and a member of the Baptist church under Thomas Pengilly at Newcastle, they preferred the University of Edinburgh, where they entered in 1834, after passing a year at King's College, London. In 1835, they studied for the Baptist ministry at Stepney College under William Harris Murch. Returning to Edinburgh with a scholarship under Dr. Ward's trust, they graduated M.A. 27 April 1837.
In 1838, Angus accepted a call to New Park Street chapel, Southwark. In 1840, they were appointed colleague to John Dyer in the secretaryship of the Baptist Missionary Society, and became sole secretary in 1841; there they were a fundraiser, in particular for the mission house in Moorgate Street. In 1849, they became head of Stepney College, which under their presidency moved to Regent's Park College in 1856: they held the post till 1893.
The degree of D.D. was conferred on Angus in 1852 by Brown University. From 1859, they were for ten years examiner in English to London University, and in 1865 to the Civil Service Commission. In 1870, they were appointed on the New Testament company for the revision of the King James Bible. They were elected in 1870 for Marylebone to the first London School Board: In all they spent nearly 12 years on the board: from 1870–73, 1876–82 and 1894–97.
As a theologian Angus was conservative; in a debate of 1870 they upheld the doctrine of eternal torment. They died at Hampstead on 28 August 1902, and was buried in Norwood cemetery.
Angus Library
Their collection of books by Baptist authors formed the basis of the Angus Library now housed at Regent's Park College, and is now the leading collection of Baptist history and heritage worldwide.
Works
Angus's major works were:
The Voluntary System (prize essay), 1839.
Four Lectures on the Advantages of a Classical Education as an auxiliary to a Commercial Education, 1846.
"The Bible Handbook - An Introduction to The Study of Sacred Scripture" 1854
Christian Churches (bicentenary prize essay), 1862; 1864.
Egypt and the Bible, 1863.
Apostolic Missions, 1871; 2nd edit. 1892.
Man, a Witness for Christianity, 1872.
Popular Commentary on the New Testament (Hebrews to Jude), 1883.
Six Lectures on Regeneration (the Angus Lectureship), 1897.
Angus worked on the bibliography of Baptist authors. Baptist Authors and History, 1527–1800, was printed in the Baptist Handbook in 1894, and issued separately in 1896.
As a textbook writer, Angus produced: handbooks to the Bible (1853; 2nd imp. 1907), to the English language (1864; 1868), and to English literature (1866); and editions of Joseph Butler's Analogy and Sermons (1855; 2nd edit. 1881) and Francis Wayland's Elements of Moral Science (1858). All these were published by the Religious Tract Society.
Family
Angus married on 3 March 1841 Amelia (died 1893), fourth daughter of William Brodie Gurney. Of their family of four sons and six daughters, the second son John Mortimer Angus became registrar of the University of Wales.
Notes
Attribution
1816 births
1902 deaths
English Baptists
British biblical scholars
English bibliographers
Members of the London School Board
English male writers
People educated at the Royal Grammar School, Newcastle upon Tyne
Baptist biblical scholars
English biblical scholars
19th-century Baptists
The Sydney Thunder are an Australian cricket club who play in the Big Bash League, the national domestic Twenty20 competition. The club was established in 2011 as an inaugural member of the eight-club league. The Big Bash League consists of a regular season and a finals series of the top five teams. This list includes players who have played at least one match for the Thunder in the Big Bash League.
Records
List of players
Correct as of 25 March 2020.
Players are listed according to the date of their debut for the Thunder. All statistics are for Big Bash League only.
The number to the left of player name represents 'cap'. For players who debuted for club in the same match, player caps are ordered by alphabetical order of last name.
In category "Debut" games are listed as Tournament/Round. e.g. BBL02/8 would equate to 2012–13 Big Bash League, Sydney Thunder's 8th Match of the tournament.
Hover over column headings for key
Source: ESPN Cricinfo Thunder Batting records and ESPN Cricinfo Thunder Bowling and Fielding records
See also
List of Big Bash League cricketers
References
Sydney Thunder
Sydney Thunder
Sydney Thunder
A kit is a set of components that has to be assembled by the buyer or at the site of use to get the definitive product.
Examples:
Electronic kit, a package of electrical components used to build an electronic device.
Kit car ("component car"), an automobile that the buyer assembles into a functioning car
Kit bike
Folding kayak
Tent
Prefabricated building of houses
provisional military engineering constructions like
Mabey Logistic Support Bridge
Space station
Much of IKEA furniture
A lot of kits are sold for model building
Construction
Kit cars
David Jonathan Noble (born 8 November 1982) is an English former first-class cricketer.
Noble was born at Manchester in November 1982. They were educated at Rugby School, before going up to Emmanuel College, Cambridge to study medicine. While studying at Cambridge, they played first-class cricket for Cambridge University from 2002–04, making three appearances against Oxford University in The University Match. In addition to playing for Cambridge University, they also made three first-class appearances for Cambridge UCCE in 2002 against Middlesex, Essex and Surrey. They scored 94 runs in their six first-class matches, with a high score of 21. With their right-arm medium-fast bowling, they took 9 wickets with best figures of 3 for 66. After graduating from Cambridge, they became a clinical oncologist.
Notes and references
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Manchester
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Emmanuel College, Cambridge
English cricketers
Cambridge MCCU cricketers
Cambridge University cricketers
21st-century English medical doctors
English oncologists
Auto Trader Group plc is a British automotive classified advertising business. It specialises in new and second hand automotive sales, including cars sold by private sellers and trade dealers. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.
History
Auto Trader was founded in 1975 by John Madejski. Madejski brought this idea back from the United States, and set up the business with Paul Gibbons in 1977. The first Auto Trader to be established was Hurst's Thames Valley Trader in 1977.
This was followed by the publication of a second title, Southern Auto Trader, which launched in 1981; the business was then known as Hurst Publishing.
European venture capitalists BC Partners bought a stake in the business from John Madejski in July 1998 for £260m; then Guardian Media Group, who had acquired Automart in 1982, merged that business with Hurst Publishing in May 2000 so creating Trader Media.
In April 2011, the business became the focus of an online petition by a group called the Motor Traders Advertising Union, proposing a mass pull out by motor dealers in the country frustrated by increases in advertising charges. In October 2013, AutoTrader.co.za (Auto Trader South Africa) a subsidiary of the Auto Trader Group, was sold off to become an independent South African company.
In January 2014, Apax Partners bought the business from Guardian Media Group for £600m. In March 2014, the company re branded, and became known as Auto Trader, and in March 2015, Auto Trader Group launched an initial public offering, with a market capitalisation of about £2bn.
Operations
Printed magazine
The magazine was published weekly in a number of regional editions. Circulation peaked at 368,000 in January 2000, dropping to an average of 87,000 copies a week in July 2012, and down to 27,000 in March 2013. In June 2013, after thirty six years, the final editions of the printed magazine were published, with the company concentrating on its online business.
Website
Autotrader.co.uk was launched in 1996, allowing users to buy or sell a car online. The site lets users search for cars and other motor vehicles using their postcode. Autotrader.co.uk is the busiest automotive web site in the United Kingdom, which attracts some 10.3 million unique users per month.
Mobile
Auto Trader has had a mobile, initially a Wireless Application Protocol site, since 2002. In July 2008, Auto Trader launched a .mobi site, and in July 2009, they launched separate versions for differing handset capability levels. Auto Trader developed their mobile offering further from March 2010, when they released applications for users to search for vehicles using a Windows Mobile, iOS or Android device.
References
External links
Mass media companies established in 1975
British companies established in 1975
Apax Partners companies
Automotive websites
Automobile magazines published in the United Kingdom
Online magazines published in the United Kingdom
Defunct magazines published in the United Kingdom
Guardian Media Group
Magazines established in 1975
Magazines disestablished in 2013
Mass media companies of England
Online magazines with defunct print editions
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
Princess Tatiana Maria Renata Eugenia Elisabeth Margarete Radziwiłł na Nieświeżu h. Trąby (born 28 August 1939) is a French-Polish aristocrat, bacteriologist, and nurse. The eldest daughter of Prince Dominik Rainer Radziwiłł and Princess Eugénie of Greece and Denmark, they are a member of the House of Radziwiłł and a close relative to the Greek, Danish, and Spanish royal families. They served as a bridesmaid at the Wedding of Prince Juan Carlos of Spain and Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark in 1962 and at the wedding of Constantine II of Greece and Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark in 1964. They have remained a close friend and courtier of their cousin, Queen Sofía of Spain.
Early life and family
Princess Tatiana was born in Rouen, Normandy on 28 August 1939 to Prince Dominik Rainer Radziwiłł, an officer in the Polish Army, and Princess Eugénie of Greece and Denmark, a member of the Greek Royal Family.  They are a member of the House of Radziwill, a Polish-Lithuanian noble family, and is the granddaughter of Prince Hieronim Mikołaj Radziwiłł and Archduchess Renata of Austria. Them maternal grandparents were Prince George of Greece and Denmark, second son of George I of Greece and Olga Constantinovna of Russia, and Princess Marie Bonaparte, daughter of Roland Napoléon Bonaparte, 6th Prince of Canino and Musignano and Marie-Félix Blanc. Princess Tatiana's parents divorced in 1946. Them their father remarried in 1947 to Lida Lacey Bloodgood, daughter of Lida Fleitmann Bloodgood, and their mother remarried in 1949 to Prince Raimondo della Torre e Tasso, 2nd Duke of Castel Duino.
A few days after their birth, World War II began in Europe. Princess Tatiana and their parents fled their home in 1940 after the Fall of France, taking refuge in Saint-Tropez before going in to exile in South Africa, then part of the British Empire. They were later joined by their grandparents, Prince George of Greece and Denmark and Princess Marie Bonaparte, as well as other members of the Greek royal family, including Crown Princess Frederika and their children. Throughout their childhood, Princess Tatiana became close friend with their second cousin, Princess Sophia of Greece and Denmark (the future Queen of Spain). They also spent a lot of their childhood with their maternal grandmother, Princess Marie, who was a psychoanalyst and authored Le Livre de Tatiana shortly after Tatiana's birth. They later accompanied their maternal grandparents on trips to North America, Africa, Asia, and around Europe.
Princess Tatiana returned to France in 1945 following the end of the war, just three years after the birth of their brother, Prince George. They were educated in schools in France and in Greece, studying music and languages.
Public life and royal duties
As a relative of many reining royal families in Europe, Princess Tatiana attended various events across the continent including the Coronation of Elizabeth II in 1953 and the Royal Cruise Agamemnon in 1954. As a young woman, Princess Tatiana was considered as a potential wife for the future Harald V of Norway. In 1956, they were part of the official entourage at a reception for King Paul of Greece in Bois de Boulogne and at the Hôtel de Ville, Paris. They remained close to the Greek royal family, serving as a bridesmaid for their cousin, Princess Sophia, when they married the future King of Spain in 1962. Princess Tatiana served alongside Princess Irene of Greece and Denmark, Princess Irene of the Netherlands, Princess Alexandra of Kent, Princess Anne d'Orléans, Infanta Pilar of Spain, Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark, and Princess Benedikte of Denmark.
In March 1963, Princess Tatiana attended the festivities celebrating the 100th Anniversary of the Greek Monarchy. They were present at the doxology service, a parade, and a gala performance at the National Theatre of Greece. Later that year, they attended a lunch at Mon Repos held in honor of Athenagoras I of Constantinople. In August 1963, they accompanied the Crown Prince of Greece while they hosted the 11th World Scout Jamboree.
In 1964, they served as a bridesmaid in the wedding of their cousins, Constantine II of Greece and Princess Anne-Marie of Denmark.
In 2021 they attended the wedding of Prince Philippos of Greece and Denmark and Nina Flohr.
Personal life
While studying nursing and bacteriology at the University of Paris, Princess Tatiana met the cardiologist Jean Henri Fruchard, the son of Colonel Henri Fruchard. They married on 24 March 1966 in Athens. Their wedding was attended by members of the Greek and Danish royal families, including King Constantine II of Greece, Queen Anne-Marie of Greece, Dowager Queen Frederica of Greece, Queen Ingrid of Denmark, Princess Alice of Greece, Princess Irene, and Princess Sophia.
Princess Tatiana and Fruchaud have two children, Fabiola (born 1967) and Alexis (born 1969).
A close friend of Queen Sofía of Spain, Princess Tatiana has accompanied the queen on international trips and attends events at Zarzuela Palace and Marivent Palace.
 They are the custodian of the records, archives, and written works of their grandmother, Princess Marie Bonaparte.  They are also a Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Saints Olga and Sophia and was awarded the Commemorative Badge of the Centenary of the Kingdom of Greece.
Popular culture
Princess Tatiana is portrayed by Paloma Bloyd in Antonio Hernández's 2011 Spanish television film directed Sofía. They were also portrayed in Benoît Jacquot's 2004 television film Princesse Marie. In their 2013 book, La récréation, Frédéric Mitterrand writes about attending an exhibition on Princess Marie Bonaparte with Princess Tatiana.
Ancestry
References
Living people
1939 births
French bacteriologists
French women nurses
Citizens of Poland through descent
Scientists from Rouen
Polish bacteriologists
Polish princesses
Tatiana
Women bacteriologists
World War II refugees
The Virginia Monologues is the second compilation album by American dark cabaret band The Dresden Dolls, released in April 2015 on Record Store Day. It is a three-LP vinyl compilation of the albums Yes, Virginia... (2006) and No, Virginia... (2008). This release marks the first time Yes, Virginia... was put out on vinyl. Three different color LPs are housed in a tri-pocket, book-like gate-fold jacket. The release run was limited to 9000 copies.
Track listing
Personnel
Amanda Palmer - vocals, piano, Mellotron, and organ.
Brian Viglione - drums, percussion, vocals, bass guitar, and guitar.
Sean Slade, Paul Q. Kolderie, and The Dresden Dolls - producers
Benny Grotto, Paul Q. Kolderie, Sean Slade - mixer
Paul Q. Kolderie, Benny Grotto, Adam Taylor - engineering
Holly Brewer and Matt McNiss - choir
Holly Brewer, Whitney Moses, and Mali Sastri - Backing vocals on 'Delilah'
George Marino - mastering
References
The Dresden Dolls albums
2015 compilation albums
Rhino Records compilation albums
Albums produced by Paul Q. Kolderie
Albums produced by Sean Slade
Erythronium krylovii is a plant species known only from the Tuva and Krasnoyarsk regions in Siberia.
References
krylovii
Flora of Russia
Flora of Siberia
Plants described in 2011
The Troy Historic Village is located in the city of Troy, Michigan. The establishment allows visitors to view the lifestyle of those who lived in Troy Township in the 1800s. The carefully restored buildings include the main building (City Hall), log cabin, a Greek Revival Home, a brick one-room school, print shop, wagon shop, a town hall, a general store, and a turn of the century church and parsonage.
Buildings
Main Building (City Hall)
The main building that was once upon a time called Troy Township but later on renamed city hall was designed by an architect named J. Bissell and was made in the year 1927. The building was remade under the leadership of the township supervisor Morris Wattles who decided that the building should be modeled after a Dutch colonial tavern in the city of Troy, New York. After the completion of the City Hall the museum opened inside of the building in 1966.
Print Shop
J. Henry Russell owned this shop. They did woodturning, tinsmithing and also photography. The print store was used to make posters, calling cards and public announcements. Troy Township's old water meter was renovated in the year of 1978 so it could serve as a printshop for the village
Caswell House (Greek Revival Home)
The pioneer Soloman Caswell built the home in 1832. The house's symmetrical windows and cornice with dentils are reasons why the house was known as a Greek revival home. The house contained stovepipes that provided heat for all the rooms in the house. The house was very similar to any other house that would have existed in the 1800s. The house contained a dry sink for washing dishes and even food was kept in tin-punched panels that was used to keep flies off of food.
Old Troy Church
This church was built in 1837 at troy corners. The deed to the land of the church was sold for $1.00 by the pioneer Johnson Niles. New stained glass windows were installed in the church around 1900. Still many of the windows of the church were never removed. The church was changed to the Methodist Episcopal community in 1862. The church served as the village's house of worship until 1963. The original bell in the church is still there to this day.
Log Cabin
The Log Cabin is a one-room home that serves as a depiction of the life of a pioneer in the 1840s. The cabin has a fireplace that was once used for heat and to provide good meals. The mother of the house did handwork while rocking the baby in a cradle. The parents slept in a bed made of rope, the children instead got to sleep in the loft on straw mattresses covered with quilts.
Wagon Shop
The Wagon Shop's Blacksmith provided residents of the village with iron farm tools, household utensils and wagon parts as well. the Blacksmith would as work with the woodworkers in the village to create objects such as wagons and other things too.
General Store
The town's general store was built by Edward Peck in 1832. The store was demolished in 1963 but was reconstructed as a representation the store in the village a while later. Inside the store you are able to see examples of items that used to be sold ch as the cast iron stove.
Parsonage
The Parsonage was a cruciform shaped house built in 1978 by the congregation of the Troy Methodist Church. It served as a parsonage for over 25 ministers and their families. The building has been restored to its 1910 image when indoor plumbing and electricity became available.
Troy Town Hall
The Troy Town Hall was originally built as the Troy Union School in 1864. The school was moved to the Village in 1987 to represent Troy's first town hall, today it serves as a hands-on teaching area.
Poppleton School
Poppleton was built in 1877. The school was named after a man by the name of William Poppleton, a man who owned 1,200 acres of land in Troy. Children ranging from the ages 8-14 attended this school. The school was taught by only one teacher who taught all the subjects such as reading, arithmetic, spelling, penmanship and more. Boys had to sit on one side while the girls sat on another side. Poppleton school was relocated to the Village in the year 1980
References
Buildings and structures in Troy, Michigan
Museums in Oakland County, Michigan
Open-air museums in Michigan
FK BSK Ledinci (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК БCK Лeдинци) was a Bosnian-Herzegovinian football club based in Batković, City of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska.
History
Ledinci had one season in the country's second tier-First League of the Republika Srpska, in 2003–04. The club ceased to exist in September 2020.
Club seasons
References
External links
Football association of Republika Srpska
Defunct football clubs in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Football clubs in Republika Srpska
Bijeljina
Lee Poh Ping (; 1 April 1942 – 21 November 2016) was a Malaysian professor and political scientist.  They are known for their work in international relations, contributions to the development of Japanese studies in Malaysia, and fostering networks of scholars in the country.
Early life
Lee was born in Ipoh, Perak where they attended the Anglo-Chinese School. After obtaining their Senior Cambridge in 1958, they underwent training for two years at the Malayan Teacher Training College in Brinsford Lodge, Wolverhampton, subsequently becoming a teacher upon their return to Ipoh.
Education
In 1967, Lee received a first class B.A in History from the University of Malaya. In 1974, Lee received a PhD in Government from Cornell University where they studied under Benedict Anderson.
Career
Lee lectured at the University of Malaya in the Division of Public Administration, obtaining their full professorship in 1992.
As an expert in international relations, they were considered an authority on the subject in Southeast Asia. They were instrumental in bringing prominent international academics from the United States, Japan, China and Australia to interact with their Malaysian counterparts at the institutions where they worked. In their later years, they devoted much of their time to the study of China-Malaysia relations at the Institute of China Studies in the University of Malaya. They were a rigorous, theoretically-informed analyst who consistently lifted the quality of policy deliberation in Malaysia and Southeast Asia.
Lee was president of the Malaysian Association of Japanese Studies (MAJAS) from 1998 to 2014, and was also the chairperson for the Malaysian-American Commission on Educational Exchange (MACEE) in the years 2001 and 2003.
Awards
In 2010, they were granted the Order of the Rising Sun by the Emperor of Japan in recognition of their important research on Japan's foreign relations. They were presented the award by the Japanese Ambassador to Malaysia at the time, Masahiko Horie.
Personal life
Lee died at the University Malaya Medical Centre on November 21, 2016 after a fall. They were still associated with the University of Malaya at the time of their passing, holding the position of Senior Research Fellow at the Institute of China Studies.
Key Publications
References
External links
Institute of China Studies
Malaysian-American Commission on Educational Exchange (MACEE)
2016 deaths
1942 births
People from Ipoh
People from Perak
University of Malaya alumni
University of Malaya faculty
National University of Malaysia faculty
National University of Malaysia alumni
Cornell University alumni
Malaysian political scientists
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun
Recipients of the Order of the Rising Sun, 3rd class
Malaysian people of Chinese descent
Malaysian people of Hakka descent
20th-century Malaysian historians
Historians of Southeast Asia
21st-century Malaysian historians
Paper Port (Spanish: Puerto Papel) is a 2016 animated television series produced by Zumbastico Studios. The series blends stop-motion and 2D animation with papercraft characters and environments, in a technique called Papermotion.
The series was co-produced by the channels Televisión Nacional de Chile (Chile), Pakapaka (Argentina), Gloob (Brazil), and Señal Colombia. Additionally, it's also produced by Pipeline Studios in Canada and distributed by Millimages in France. It first aired in 2016. It also airs on Discovery Kids (Latin America). Paper Port's season 2 is in production, as well as a movie.
Plot
Matilde, a 12-year-old girl, spends their vacations at their grandfather's house in the seaside city of Paper Port. After finding a magic coconut they wake up every day with a mysterious new power, which they have to deal with in each episode, together with their friends Carlos, Ferni, and Boldo.
Characters
Cast
Spanish cast
Carolina Ayala - Matilde
Andrea Fröhlich - Carlos
Orlando Noguera - Barbacrespa and Jefe Astudillo
Fabián Hernández - Mortimer
Paula Barros - Ferni
Jonathan Ramírez - Boldo
Alejandro Toro - Tropecio Ferguson
Portuguese cast
Matilde by Flávia Saddy
Carlos by Luciano Monteiro
Barbacrespa by Júlio Chaves
Mortimer by Ricardo Schnetzer
Ferni by Luiza Cezar
Boldo by Renan Freitas
Chefe Haroldo by Mário Jorge de Andrade
Tropécio by Philippe Maia
Menino Pirulito by Arthur Salerno
English cast
Cristina Vee or Kara Eberle - Matilda (Matilde)
Bryce Papenbrook - Charlie (Carlos)
James May - Mortimer
Reception
International Broadcast
List of Episodes
References
External links
Official site
Paper Port at Zumbástico Studios
2010s Brazilian animated television series
2016 animated television series debuts
Argentine children's animated adventure television series
Argentine children's animated comedy television series
Argentine children's animated fantasy television series
Brazilian children's animated adventure television series
Brazilian children's animated comedy television series
Brazilian children's animated fantasy television series
Chilean children's animated adventure television series
Chilean children's animated comedy television series
Chilean children's animated fantasy television series
Chilean animated television series
Colombian children's animated adventure television series
Colombian children's animated comedy television series
Colombian children's animated fantasy television series
Stop-motion animated television series
Animated television series about children
Television series about vacationing
Anime-influenced Western animated television series
Penthelia was an ancient Egyptian priestess-musician who served the creator god Ptah, the god of fire, in the temple of Memphis.
The eighteenth-century English writer Bryant claimed the authorship of the Iliad and the Odyssey poems were written by Penthelia, and stolen from the archives of the temple by Homer in travels through Egypt. Matilda Joslyn Gage finds support for this in Diodorus Siculus, Vol I, Chap. 7, based on the potion Helen gave Telemachus and that potion's use in historic Thebes, Egypt.
References
Ancient Egyptian priestesses
Squaw weed, squaw-weed or squawweed is a common name for several plants in the family Asteraceae native to North America and may refer to:
Eupatorium rugosum
Packera aurea
Senecio ampullaceus
Senecio flaccidus
Senecio obovatus
Senecio vulgaris
Symphyotrichum puniceum
In baseball, an official game (regulation game in the Major League Baseball rulebook) is a game where nine innings have been played, except when the game is scheduled with fewer innings, extra innings are required to determine a winner, or the game must be stopped before nine innings have been played, e.g. due to inclement weather. The term "official game" is mainly used in the context of a game that is stopped before nine innings have been played, though it has been used for other promotional purposes.
A game that is stopped ("called" in the MLB rulebook) by the umpires before the regulation number of innings have been played may be considered an official game if five innings have been played ( innings if the home team is in the lead), unless the game meets one of the conditions for a suspended game. An official game that is stopped in this way is ended at the point of stoppage and statistics are added to each team's totals, while a suspended game is resumed from the point of stoppage at a later time. A game that is stopped before five innings have been played is considered "no game" unless it can be considered a suspended game; statistics accumulated before the stoppage are not counted and replay of the game is subject to the league rules.
Inclement weather
In the case of inclement weather, any game which has reached this point may be stopped and shortened as needed, with the result being final, and all records and statistics counted. A game which has not reached this point before being stopped is either considered a suspended game (to be continued at a later date from the point of stoppage), or is simply canceled and replayed from the start. (This depends on the rules of each individual league.) In either case, no statistics are counted until the game becomes official.
Since most professional baseball games are nine innings long, the fifth inning is used as the threshold for an official game. If the visiting team is leading, or the game is tied, the end of the fifth inning marks this point. If the home team (which bats last) is already ahead in the score, and theoretically would not need its half of the fifth inning, then 4½ innings (i.e., the middle of the fifth) is considered an official game. The game is also considered official if the home team scores to take the lead in the bottom of the fifth inning, since the game would end immediately if the same thing happened in the ninth. Games that are stopped due to power outages are treated as suspended and cannot be declared official.
In the Major League Baseball postseason (since 2009), all tiebreaker games that are added to the end of the regular season (since 2009), and in the regular season (since 2020), this rule does not apply; all games stopped at any time for weather or power outages are considered suspended and continued from the point of stoppage when play resumes, no matter if the game has reached the end of the fifth inning. This rule was put into place as a result of Game 5 of the 2008 World Series, which was the first postseason game in history to be suspended and resumed from the point of suspension. Prior to the 2009 postseason, a playoff game had to have at least five innings completed in order to be suspendable; a playoff game stopped prior to that point had to be started over.
Rain check
In nearly all cases, the "official game" status is used to determine whether a rain check will be honored for fans holding tickets. If a game is started but does not reach the point of becoming official, fans are entitled to a new ticket for the make-up game or (in most modern cases) any other available game of their choice. If a game is halted after it becomes official, the game is simply shortened and no rain check is given.
Effects on statistical streaks
The "official game" statistic received some attention during the 1995 season, when Cal Ripken Jr. was approaching the record for consecutive games played, previously held by Lou Gehrig. Large numbers were hung on the side of the B&O Warehouse at Oriole Park at Camden Yards to show the number of games in Ripken's streak. Each day, a new number was unfurled during the fifth inning after each game had become official (since the statistic would not have counted if the game had been stopped before that point). A similar practice has been used to count down toward the demolition of several stadiums (including Veterans Stadium in Philadelphia in 2003, Busch Memorial Stadium in St. Louis in 2005, and the original Yankee Stadium and Shea Stadium in New York City in 2008 and the conversion of Turner Field to a college football stadium in Atlanta in 2016); as each game became official, the team would unveil a new (lower) number showing the number of games left to be played in the stadium.
Other sports
Other professional sports utilize similar rules regarding "official" games/events.
Most codes of motorsport declare a race "official" with an official result if just three laps are completed, though only half the normal championship points are awarded if less than 75% of the race distance (rounded up to the nearest whole lap) is completed. If more than 75% of the race is completed, full points are awarded.
The major exception applies in the United States, mainly in NASCAR and INDYCAR, where races must go at the next full lap after halfway or past a set point of the race. A race is considered "official" if it has completed half the scheduled distance plus one additional lap. For instance, the Indianapolis 500 (200 laps) must complete 101 laps to be considered official.
In limited overs cricket, a game can only be considered complete if both teams have faced a certain number of legal deliveries (pitches); otherwise there is no result. In a 3-hour T20 cricket match, each team must face at least 30 deliveries, while in the 8-hour One Day International format, they must each receive at least 120 deliveries.
In boxing, a fight can be declared official for purposes of scoring in case of accidental head butts. That is typically the end of the second round, fourth round, or halfway. Fights that do not reach official status are no contest.
References
External links
Major League Baseball Official Rules, 2019 Edition – Rule 7.01 defines "regulation game"
Baseball terminology
Jan Morcha () is an Indian Hindi-language daily newspaper.
Jan Morcha is the most read in Ayodhya, Lucknow,, Sultanpur, Ambedkar Nagar, Jaunpur, Gonda, Basti, Bharaich, Baraeily, Sitapur Pratapgarh, Faizabad, Balrampur, Lakhimpur Kiri, Hardoi, Sant kabir Nagar, Devaria Raibaraeily. The newspaper is owned by Jan India.It is written in clean language broadsheet type paper having a digital format epaper available online.The Ambedkar Nagar edition is managed by Abbas Husain headed in Akbarpur Tehsil of District.
History
The newspaper was launched in 1958 in Faizabad during the local municipality election as a weekly bulletin and then after brought as a daily newspaper. Mahatma Hargovind, a freedom fighter, was its founder who went multiple times to jails before and after independence.Last 50 years it was run by Sheetla Singh(as editor).
It is Publishing from Ayodhya,Lucknow and Bareily
Janmorcha is running on cooperative base till 1958.
In India it is only cooperative base newspaper which is running successfully
References
External links
Hindi-language newspapers
Daily newspapers published in India
Mass media in Faizabad
Newspapers published in Uttar Pradesh
Chancellor House is a South African holding company managing investments in the mining, engineering, energy and information technology sectors. It is named after Chancellor House, the building where the law firm of Nelson Mandela and Oliver Tambo was located.
After initially being exposed as a surreptitious funding front for the African National Congress (ANC) it was subsequently acknowledged as an in-house investment firm for the party. It is best known for the controversy surrounding the award to it of lucrative black economic empowerment and parastatal contracts.
History
The existence of the company was first revealed to the public in 2006. A Mail & Guardian newspaper article alleged that the company had been formed in 2003 on the initiative of Mendi Msimang, then treasurer-general of the ANC, with the explicit intention of raising funds for the party.
Prior to the newspaper report the company was virtually unknown; Kgalema Motlanthe, then secretary general of the party, reportedly first learned of it when contacted by the newspaper for comment.
In September 2021, the company itself admitted that it served as a funding vehicle for the ANC.
On 10 November 2021, Mamatho Netsianda and Zwelibanzi Nzama, a senior executive, were implicated in a politically-connected real estate development project dating back to 2008. Land above Sandton station had been transferred by the City of Johannesburg, but payment had never been received.
Eskom contract
In November 2007 parastatal electricity supplier Eskom awarded the biggest single contract in its history, for six steam generators worth R20 billion, to a consortium including Hitachi Power Africa. At the time of the award that company was 25% owned by Chancellor House.
In February 2008 the ANC said it would appoint advisers with a view to transparently exiting the transaction due to governance issues. In March 2008 the office of the Public Protector said an investigation into the transaction was underway.
Following charges under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act by the Securities and Exchange Commission, Hitachi agreed to a $19 million settlement in September 2015. These perceptions of poor accountability, transparency and management associated with the ANC also attracted criticism from the Democratic Alliance, an opposition party.
References
Companies based in Johannesburg
Investment management companies of South Africa
African National Congress
Maxime Courby (born 23 November 1990) is a French professional basketball player for JL Bourg of LNB Pro A.
On 15 June 2011 they signed for three seasons at Antibes Sharks.
On 21 June 2012 they signed up for a season with SPO Rouen.
In January 2013, they suffered a broken nose. On 6 April 2013 they suffered a sprained ankle.
On 24 June 2014 they decided to stay in Rouen and honor their last year of contract.
On 30 May 2015 they signed for two years at JL Bourg.
References
1990 births
Living people
BCM Gravelines players
French men's basketball players
JL Bourg-en-Bresse players
Olympique Antibes basketball players
Small forwards
Sportspeople from Roubaix
A referendum on shortening school holidays was held in Cambodia on 12 January 1961. The proposed change was approved by voters.
References
Referendums in Cambodia
1961 in Cambodia
1961 referendums
The women's 4x100 metres relay event at the 1994 World Junior Championships in Athletics was held in Lisbon, Portugal, at Estádio Universitário de Lisboa on 23 and 24 July.
Medalists
Results
Final
24 July
Heats
23 July
Heat 1
Heat 2
Heat 3
Participation
According to an unofficial count, 61 athletes from 15 countries participated in the event.
References
4 x 100 metres relay
Relays at the World Athletics U20 Championships
The Rock Island Swing Bridge was a swing bridge that spanned the Mississippi River between Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota, and St. Paul Park, Minnesota. It was also known as the Newport Rail Bridge, as it had a spur to Newport, Minnesota, and J.A.R. bridge, after previous owners Joan and Al Roman of Chicago. It was one of the few double-decker bridges on the Mississippi, with the top level formerly used for railroad traffic and the bottom level formerly used as a road crossing. It also was one of a few toll bridges in Minnesota, and one of the last remaining ones. It closed to rail traffic in 1980, and road traffic in 1999, when the toll was 75 cents. After closing, the bridge sat dormant in the open position for 10 years before being partially demolished in 2009. It was converted into a recreational pier, which was open to the public on June 11, 2011.
History
The bridge was built in 1895 for the South St. Paul Beltline Railroad by the Pittsburgh Bridge Company. Originally, it connected stockyards in nearby South St. Paul, Minnesota, to the mail rail lines of the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy, and Milwaukee Road that ran on the east bank of the Mississippi River in Washington County, Minnesota.
The bridge was formerly owned by the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad until that line went bankrupt in 1980, first as a toll bridge until 1938, then as a free bridge. After that, local automotive traffic had to detour north to the Wakota Bridge or south to the Hastings High Bridge. Until the first Wakota Bridge was built in 1959, it was the only Mississippi crossing between Downtown St. Paul and Hastings, Minnesota.
There is some evidence that gangster John Dillinger fled across the bridge into Inver Grove Heights after a running gun battle with Dakota County deputies in Newport and St. Paul Park.
Al Roman of Chicago bought the bridge and reopened it in 1982. This required special legislation for an individual to own a bridge, and it became one of the few toll bridges in Minnesota. In 1999, an inspection revealed that the bridge had a bad beam, and it was permanently closed to automobile traffic. The estimated replacement cost was at least $11 million. J.A.R Bridge, Inc., eventually requested that Washington County help fund a thorough inspection, in hopes that a buyer could be found. Washington County was not receptive to the idea, however, feeling that the bridge was so old that there was no point putting any more money into it — if there was a need for a crossing in the area, they should look at building a new one. At that point, Roman owed $6500 in back taxes; with no prospect of being able to reopen, they stopped paying taxes altogether and the bridge was seized. Washington County was given management of the bridge in 2003.
As of June 2006, Washington County, Minnesota, officials had contemplated the removal of the bridge. County engineer Don Theisen called the bridge "a rusty bucket of bolts" and said that it had been impeding barge traffic. Estimated removal costs were said to be $5 million.
The eastern span was adjacent to a large Marathon Oil refinery in Saint Paul Park. Washington County turned the eastern approach road over to the refinery, and it was soon blocked off. With the local construction of the Wakota Bridge project in Saint Paul Park and Newport, Washington County Roads 22 and 38 had their paths changed and now no longer approach the bridge. The local roads have also been changed, and gates now block the former streets leading to the area. There was the possibility of using part of the western fixed span as a pedestrian outlook of the river as it is near a proposed park, and public tours of the western span were held on October 25, 2008, to bring awareness to this issue.
The bridge was set for demolition in Winter 2009/2010. However, on November 24, 2008, all access to the bridge was prohibited, after a 200-foot segment of the eastern span collapsed onto the riverbank.
Within two months of the collapse on the eastern span, a contractor was quickly found to demolish it. Demolition of the bridge began on March 3, 2009. As it had already collapsed and in order to end the refinery's hassle of dealing with trespassers, the eastern span was quickly removed. Following the demolition of the eastern span, the swing span of the bridge was briefly closed for a few days, marking the first time in 10 years it was closed. During the months of March and April, the swing span was slowly demolished, then most of the western span, leaving only the bridge-closing mechanism in the river. By the end of April, only two sections of the western span near the center of the river remained.
Last-ditch efforts began to save as much of the bridge as possible. In May 2009 a moratorium was put into effect prohibiting further demolition until May 2011.
After numerous fundraiser activities and other efforts to save the bridge, the remaining sections were to be turned into a recreational pier and the land around the bridge into a park. The completed project was planned to open in November 2010, but flooding halted work on the project.
Work was again put on hold on November 4, 2010 when the remaining two spans of the original bridge caught on fire, destroying the wood on the bridge. It took three and a half hours to put the fire out due to windy conditions. It was later revealed that sparks from welding caused the old railroad ties on the bridge to ignite and start a fire. The deck of the bridge was heavily damaged, but according to few news reports the original steel structure was said to still be structurally sound.
Restoration work on the bridge resumed on November 8, 2010. The old decks of the bridge were removed and replaced with new ones. Despite the obstacles, a ribbon cutting ceremony was held on June 8, 2011 and the new pier and park opened to the public on June 11, 2011.
See also
List of crossings of the Upper Mississippi River
References
Buildings and structures in Dakota County, Minnesota
Swing bridges in the United States
Railroad bridges in Minnesota
Bridges over the Mississippi River
Bridges completed in 1895
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific Railroad
Road-rail bridges in the United States
Road bridges in Minnesota
Former toll bridges in Minnesota
Demolished bridges in the United States
Steel bridges in the United States
Transportation buildings and structures in Washington County, Minnesota
The Holyoke Building (or Holyoke Block) is a historic building located in downtown Seattle, Washington. It is a substantial five story brick structure with stone trimmings. Construction began at the corner of First Avenue and Spring Streets just before the Great Seattle fire of 1889. Completed in early 1890, it was among the first permanent buildings completed and ready for occupancy in downtown Seattle following the fire. Today the Holyoke Building is one of the very few such buildings still standing in Seattle outside of the Pioneer Square district and is a historic remnant of the northward expansion of Seattle's business district between the time of the great fire and the Yukon Gold Rush in 1897.
The Holyoke Building housed many social and artistic clubs and organizations throughout its history. As early as 1895 it housed the Conservatory of Arts on the top floor. Later in the 1920s the Seattle Musical Club brought many local artists and musicians together in the building and other private and social clubs shared the building with toiletry manufactures and offices.
The Holyoke Building is a subdued example of the Victorian Commercial style with elements of Romanesque style and remains almost completely intact from when it was built even down to the storefronts, which had been altered over time but have now been restored. It is the only known existing work of architects Thomas Bird and George Dornbach, whose brief partnership had ended before the building was even completed. Following the restoration of the building in 1975 by the building's owner Harbor Properties, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1976 and became a City of Seattle Landmark in 1978.
History
Early history: 1889 - 1930
The Holyoke Building takes its name from Richard Holyoke (1836–1905), a native of New Brunswick, Canada who immigrated to the Puget Sound region in 1860 to gain a foothold in the burgeoning timber industry, and was involved in the establishment of the mills at Seabeck. Their venture was a success and even after Seabeck's mills were destroyed by fire in 1886 spelling the death of that community, they continued purchasing large amounts of Seattle property to show their faith in the area's future. Holyoke became a prominent community figure and a major booster for local lumber. They were the treasurer of the Farmers' Insurance Company and established and became the first president of the National Bank of Commerce (later Rainier Bank) in Seattle, which would become one of the region's biggest banks in the 20th century.
The lot at the corner of First Avenue (then called Front Street) and Spring Street had been owned by Holyoke since the early 1880s. Occupied by the Puget Sound Iron Works since the early 1870s, by 1888 the foundry was gone and the buildings sat mostly vacant and dilapidated. Holyoke expressed anxiousness to build on the lot but citing the scarcity of affordable brick at the time, was putting off any immediate plans. Construction finally began on the foundation of Holyoke's new business block in late spring of 1889 by contractors Lohse & Lawrence. The building was designed by Seattle architects Thomas G. Bird and George W. Dornbach who worked together only briefly in 1889. At the time of the fire, excavation on the site was underway and the large pit acted as a fire stop and helped keep the fire from advancing further north. Originally designed to be four stories tall, the plans were revised to five in the wake of the fire. Construction progressed and the building was soon being called by local papers, "one of the largest buildings in town." The ground floor, with 16' high ceilings was divided into two storefronts facing First Avenue. Following the slope of the site, a third storefront was located at the rear of the building's second story facing Spring Street. To the East of this storefront was the building's main entrance and to the west a separate entrance for the second story offices; the building's first 3 floors were not originally internally connected. The upper floors, designed for offices, included those of attorneys, seamstresses and the co-architect Bird himself: each had 13' ceilings. Some of the building's earliest major tenants included the Conservatory of Music on the top floor and a furniture store, and a carpet store that occupied the corner of the first and most of the second floor.
Suffering financial reversals as a result of the Panic of 1893, Holyoke divested themselves of all their Seattle property including the Holyoke Building. They removed to Skagit County where they owned a 600-acre oat farm near Conway in the early 1900s. They moved to Bellingham in 1905 where they remained, passing away that same year at age 70.
In November 1900, the building was purchased by Anton Stander, who had struck it rich during the Yukon Gold Rush. Stander's wife, who had convinced them to buy the property, would sue them for the building during the couple's scandalous and highly publicized divorce in 1906. Unable to fill all of the building's office space, subsequent owners leased entire floors as lofts or to light manufacturing firms. The Northwest Fixture & Electric Company, who during the gold rush supplied miners with electric motors and generators for mining and lighting, occupied the upper floors between 1894 and 1900. J. Kobi & Company manufactured toiletries on the fifth floor until moving to their own building in 1923.
By the turn of the nineteenth century to the twentieth and certainly into the 1920s, the Holyoke was a gathering place for Seattle musicians and artists. When they opened their studio in the Holyoke in 1902, Nellie Cornish, who later founded an arts school in Seattle, today's Cornish College of the Arts, listed among the building's artists Louise Coman Beck, violinist Vaughn Arthur, baritone Magnus Schuetz, and drama teacher Frank Egan, who with Rose Egan later founded the Egan School in Los Angeles. The Robert Morris Social Club held regular dances in the building. The Seattle Musical Club gathered in the building and suites on the building's second floor were used for practice sessions and discussion of musical theory. Other social clubs opened up in the building including the Lonesome Club that advertised, "Strangers and lonely people welcome."
Restoration to the current day
Over the years little had been done to alter the building's facade. Fire escapes were added to the building's North facade and later enlarged in 1919 under the supervision of architects Lawton & Moldenhour, among other interior upgrades and the storefronts were gradually modernized, all of which has since been undone. Likely as a result of the 1949 Olympia earthquake, most of the granite that originally finished the building's brick cornice has been removed.
Following its induction into the National Register in 1975, the Holyoke Building's owners, Harbor Properties, owned by prominent Seattleite Stimson Bullitt, proposed a nearly $1 million renovation that would convert the then mostly vacant building into a vibrant mix of air-conditioned offices and shops. Architects Olsen/Walker Associates, who had also designed the restoration of the Maynard Building in Pioneer Square, proposed to cut the inside of the building in half with a large interior landscaped courtyard. For Harbor Properties, who were better known for demolishing historic buildings such as the Arlington Hotel, this project was a first.
The building is currently home to the Seattle branch of WeWork, a collaborative office space.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Seattle, Washington
List of landmarks in Seattle
References
Further reading
External links
"Holyoke Building, Spring St. southeast corner of 1st Ave., n.d." - University of Washington Special Collections Division
National Register of Historic Places in Seattle
1890s architecture in the United States
Commercial buildings completed in 1890
Office buildings in Seattle
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
Office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington (state)
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1575.
Events
July – Sir Philip Sidney meets Penelope Devereux, the inspiration for their Astrophel and Stella.
September 26 – Miguel de Cervantes is captured by Barbary pirates.
unknown date
The first primer in the Estonian language is published.
First printed version of Don Juan Manuel's Tales of Count Lucanor appears. It was originally written in 1335.
New books
Prose
Anonymous – Arbatel de magia veterum
Ulpian Fulwell – The Flower of Fame (appendices in verse)
Drama
George Gascoigne – The Glass of Government
Poetry
Veronica Franco – Terze rime
Births
April – Jakob Böhme, German theologian (died 1624)
August 14 – Robert Hayman, Newfoundland poet (died 1624)
August 15 – Bartol Kašić, Croatian linguist (died 1650)
Unknown dates
David Calderwood, Scottish historian (died 1650)
John Cotta, English physician and writer (died 1650)
Giovanni Stefano Menochio, Italian Jesuit scholar (died 1655)
Cyril Tourneur, English dramatist (died 1626)
William Vaughan, Welsh writer and colonist (died 1641)
Deaths
March 11 – Matthias Flacius, Croatian theologian writing in Latin (born 1520)
June 9 – Paulus Aemilius, Hebrew bibliographer and publisher
July 14 – Richard Taverner, English Bible translator (born c. 1505)
August 14 – Diego Hurtado de Mendoza, Spanish novelist and poet (born 1503)
September 17 – Heinrich Bullinger, Swiss theologian (born 1504)
December 1 – Diogo de Paiva de Andrada, Portuguese theologian (born 1528)
December 18 – Marcin Bielski, Polish chronicler and poet (born 1495)
unknown dates
Sir William Stevenson, English poet (born 1530)
Isabel de Josa, Catalan writer (born 1508)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
The spot-winged antbird (Myrmelastes leucostigma) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae. It is found in humid forest in the Amazon north of the Amazon River, and in the far western Amazon and adjacent lower east Andean slopes.
The spot-winged antbird was described by the Austrian ornithologist August von Pelzeln in 1868 and given the binomial name Percnostola leucostigma. The Roraiman, Humaita, brownish-headed and rufous-faced antbird were formerly considered as subspecies, but based on the differences in voice and plumage characteristics they are now treated as separate species. As presently defined, the spot-winged antbird includes the subspecies infuscata, subplumbea and intensa.
The conservation status of the spot-winged antbird has been assessed by BirdLife International to be of The Least concern.
References
spot-winged antbird
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Colombian Amazon
Birds of the Venezuelan Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Birds of the Guianas
spot-winged antbird
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Maura Anne Soden (born December 26, 1955) is an American actor and producer.
Early life
Soden was born in Richmond, Virginia where they attended an all-girls catholic high school, Saint Gertrude High School.
Career
Soden has worked as a casting director, writer, stylist, actor and producer and they are a member of SAG, AFTRA, Actor's Equity, Women In Film and National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences. Soden spent time working in each show business genre from sitcoms to reality shows to commercials.
Soden worked as an assistant to director Paul Bogart on NBC's The Golden Girls and later as a post production supervisor on Fox's Totally Hidden Video. They were a staff producer at InFinnity Productions, Pat Finn's production company. They later moved to Wild West Media as a commercial producer.
Soden also worked as the Production Manager for Animal Planet's series, That's My Baby.
In 2002, their short film, Rush of the Palms (2001), won Best Short in the Festival Internacional de Cinema de Catalunya. Them documentary, Forgotten Grave, won the best film in its category at the Zoie Film Festival and on ifilm.com. They also shared a NIMA award for best infomercial production for "Jack Nicklaus' Golden Bear Putter."
They have been seen on stage in regional and dinner theatre productions, been on many radio spots and been seen on numerous television shows. Soden has appeared in over 25 national commercials and as a regular on Candid Camera, thirtysomething, Totally Hidden Video and Passions. Them most recent credits include Boston Public and the 2004 CBS film, Helter Skelter. They currently have two commercials airing for Detrol and Tropicana Twister.
In 2001, Maura Soden and their husband founded AdVerb, Inc. a Los Angeles based production company.  They are currently the Los Angeles partner for Story Teller Pictures.
In 2005, they guest-starred in Criminal Minds in the Season 1 episode, 'Blood Hungry' as Deputy Jackie Long who helps the BAU track down a psychotic serial killer whose main motive is anthropophagy (cannibalism).
Personal life
Soden is married to Michael Loftus, with whom they have one daughter, Callahan Rose.
Filmography
New Girl (2018)
Parks and Recreation (2014)
Rake (2014)
1600 Penn (2013)
Scandal (2012)
Harry's Law (2012)
Awake (2012)
Grey's Anatomy (2012)
Parenthood (2012)
Justified (2012)
Castle (2011)
NCIS (2010)
United States of Tara (2010)
Make It or Break It (2010)
Brothers & Sisters (2008–2009)
Mad Men (2007)
Las Vegas (2007)
Heartland (2007)
ER (2007)
Ugly Betty (2007)
Desperate Housewives (2006)
Criminal Minds (2005)
Medium (2005)
Boston Legal (2005)
Six Feet Under (2004)
Helter Skelter (2004) (TV)
Malcolm in the Middle (2004)
Boston Public (2003)
Passions (2002)
Spy TV (2002)
Three Sisters (2001)
The X-Files (2001)
The Geena Davis Show (2000)
Freaks and Geeks (1999)
The Bold and the Beautiful (1999)
Providence (1999)
Kissing Jake (1999)
L.A. Doctors (1998)
Beverly Hills, 90210 (1996)
American Pie
Weird Science (1994)
Matlock (1994)
Murphy Brown (1993)
Darkness Before Dawn (1993) (TV)
Major Dad (1992)
Lady Boss (1992) (TV)
Frankenstein: The College Years (1991) (TV)
Murderous Vision (1991) (TV)
thirtysomething (1987–1988)
Benson (1986)
Webster (1986)
Alfred Hitchcock Presents (1986)
It's a Living (1985)
References
External links
1955 births
20th-century American actores
21st-century American actores
American film actores
American television actores
Actresses from Richmond, Virginia
Living people
The white-browed jungle flycatcher (Vauriella insignis), also known as the Luzon jungle-flycatcher and the Rusty-flanked jungle-flycatcher, is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.
It is endemic to Luzon island, in the Philippines. The natural habitat of the white-browed jungle flycatcher is tropical moist montane forests. It is threatened by habitat loss.
This species was previously placed in the genus Rhinomyias but was moved to Vauriella when a molecular phylogenetic study published in 2010 found that Rhinomyias was polyphyletic.
Description
EBird describes the bird as "A medium-sized bird of montane forest in northern Luzon. Large for a flycatcher. Dark brown on the upperparts and chest, rufous on the sides with a white brow, throat, belly, and underside of the base of the tail. Superficially similar to Eyebrowed Thrush, but smaller, lacking the gray throat and yellow base to the bill. Voice consists of thin, high-pitched phrases and a short “shtck!."
Habitat and conservation status
It is found in tropical moist primary montane Forest above 950 meters above sea level. It is often found in the understory.
IUCN Red List has assessed this bird as vulnerable with the population being estimated at 2,500 to 9,999 mature individuals. This species' main threat is habitat loss due o deforestation through mining, logging and conversion of habitat into farmland. Mossy forests of the Cordillera Central are threatened by conversion to agricultural land, primarily for vegetable production. Forest cover in the Sierra Madre has declined by 83% since the 1930s.
It occurs in a few protected areas like Mount Pulag National Park and Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park but as with most protected areas in the Philippines - protection and enforcement from habitat conversion and logging are lax.
Conservation actions proposed include to conduct surveys using mist-nets to determine its current distribution and status. Extend the Northern Sierra Madre Natural Park to incorporate Mt Los Dos Cuernos. Propose further known key sites (i,e. Mount Polis) for establishment as formal protected areas. Control habitat degradation in Mount Pulag National Park.
References
white-browed jungle flycatcher
Birds of Luzon
white-browed jungle flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Nikki Harvey is an English Ten-pin bowler, from Southampton.
Nikki won the 2003 World Tenpin Masters defeating Andrew Frawley from Australia at the Goresbrook Leisure Centre in Dagenham.
References
British ten-pin bowling players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Sportspeople from Southampton
Sadin Kola (, also Romanized as Sa‘dīn Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 388, in 105 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
The I. Zhansugurov Literary Museum in Taldykorgan is a center for the study of the poet Ilyas Zhansugurov. The museum is situated in the Republic of Kazakhstan, Almaty region, Taldykorgan city, 239 Abay Street.
Description
The museum was established in 1984 to celebrate the 90th anniversary of the poet's birth.
The main purpose of the museum is to collect, store and provide materials related to the life and literary activities of the poet. The museum organizes excursions and evenings in memory of the poet regularly. Its collection contains 6073 items of scientific, auxiliary and museum significance. The fund contains manuscripts, photographs, books, personal belongings and the poet's study.
Structure
The museum covers an area of 280.5 square meters and consists of six rooms, each of which is a thematic exhibition:
The poet's juvenile and adolescent years;
Formation, development, social activity of the poet;
The working room of the poet;
Creativity Of Ilyas Zhansugurov;
The poet's legacy.''
The building of the museum was constructed in 1907 and is a monument of architecture and urban planning, protected by the state.
References
Taldykorgan news portal
Zhetysu
Музей Жансугурова
Literary museums
Museums in Kazakhstan
District 25 of the Oregon House of Representatives is one of 60 House legislative districts in the state of Oregon. As of 2013, the boundary for the district includes portions of Marion and Yamhill counties. The current representative for the district is Republican Jessica George who was appointed to replace Bill Post of Keizer.
List of members representing the district
Election results
District boundaries have changed over time, therefore, representatives before 2013 may not represent the same constituency as today. General election results from 2000 to present are as follows:
See also
Oregon Legislative Assembly
Oregon House of Representatives
References
External links
Oregon House of Representatives Official site
Oregon Secretary of State: Redistricting Reform Task Force
Oregon House of Representatives districts
Marion County, Oregon
Yamhill County, Oregon
Vien is a surname of French origin, as well as another spelling of the Vietnamese given name Viên (which often finds use alone following a title and thus appearing to English speakers to be a surname).
Those bearing the surname include:
Joseph-Marie Vien (1716 – 1809), French painter
Thomas Vien (1881–1972), Canadian politician
Jacques Vien (born 1932), Canadian politician
Dominique Vien (born 1967), Canadian politician
Those bearing the given name include:
Cao Văn Viên (1921–2008), South Vietnamese General
Linh Quang Viên (1918–2013), South Vietnamese Lieutenant General
The following lists events that have happened in 1896 in the Qajar dynasty.
Incumbents
Monarch: Naser al-Din Shah Qajar (until May 1), Mozaffar al-Din Shah Qajar (starting May 1)
Events
Mozaffar ad-Din Shah Qajar ascends to the throne in May 1896 after the assassination of Naser al-Din Shah.
Death
May 1 – Naser al-Din Shah Qajar is assassinated by Mirza Reza Kermani when they were visiting and praying in the shrine of Shah-Abdol-Azim.
References
Iran
Years of the 19th century in Iran
1890s in Iran
Iran
This article provides brief details of primary schools in the borough of Watford in Hertfordshire, England, United Kingdom.
Some Watford children attend schools in the neighbouring boroughs of Three Rivers and Hertsmere.
All of the state-funded primary schools in Watford are co-educational.
There are two Roman Catholic schools in the borough, both of which are voluntary aided schools.
The remaining schools are all non-faith community schools.
The Local Education Authority is Hertfordshire County Council.
There are still some linked pairs of infant schools and junior schools, with the infant school covering Reception and Key Stage 1 (Years 1 and 2) and the junior school covering Key Stage 2 (Years 3 to 6).
However most have been amalgamated in a single Junior Mixed Infant (JMI) school or (equivalently) primary school.
Central Watford, West Watford and Oxhey
In the mid-19th century, the only schools in Watford were Mrs Fuller's Free School (established in 1704), by now in a poor state, and St Mary's National Schools (separate schools for boys and girls, founded in 1841).
They were joined in 1859 by British schools, initially in Red Lion Yard and later moving to Sotheron Road (girls) and Beechen Grove (boys).
Another set of National schools, attached to St Andrew's Church, were founded in 1860.
The Free School closed in 1882, and its endowment contributed to founding the Watford Endowed Schools, which provided secondary education and charged fees.
St Mary's National Schools closed in 1922, and the site is now occupied by the multi-storey Church car park.
The Watford school board was established in 1883, and was chaired by Edward Mitchell Chater throughout its existence.
The British schools and St Andrew's national schools became board schools the following year.
The first new schools built by the board were the Watford Fields Schools, now known as the Field Schools.
The infants school moved to its present site in 1981.
The British boys' school closed in 1897, with the opening of Fearnly Street School, renamed Victoria School in 1903.
The St Andrew's national schools continued until 1922.
Following the Education Act 1902, the school board was abolished in 1903, and control of the schools passed to the Hertfordshire County Council.
The original Chater Schools, named after Edward Chater, consisted of two separate buildings on the site now occupied by the infants school, with juniors entering from Southsea Avenue, and infants from Harwoods Road.
The schools were rebuilt in 1988, with the junior school moving to the site of the former Victoria School.
Bushey and Oxhey Infant School was founded as Oxhey Village School, taking the name Oxhey Infants when it was rebuilt and enlarged in the 1960s. More recently it has been renamed Bushey and Oxhey Infants School It is linked with Bushey Manor Junior School (see Primary schools in Hertsmere).
Central Primary School occupies a Grade II listed building built in 1884 to house the Watford Grammar School for Boys, which moved to West Watford in 1912. Watford Grammar School for Girls resided in the smaller building next door in the same period. The buildings then housed the Watford Central School until its move to Bushey in 1950 to become Bushey Grammar School, one of the predecessors of Queens' School. (The legend "Higher Elementary Schools", in terracotta tiles on the front of the building, replaced the earlier "Watford Endowed Schools" at the time of the Central School.)
The school badge is based on that of the Watford Central School, which featured a crosslet fitchy and a scallop, details from the arms of Capell (Earl of Essex) and Villiers (Earl of Clarendon) respectively, though the crosslet has since been altered to a sword.
A proposal to open a one-form entry Muslim school in Tolpits Lane, West Watford has been approved by Hertfordshire County Council and passed to the Department for Children, Schools and Families for a final decision.
North Watford and Garston
The Watford school board also built two schools (both since closed) in North Watford: a Callowland Boys' School (1892, ) and Alexandra Mixed School (1901, ).
The higher elementary department of Alexandra School later became a secondary modern school in Bushey, the other predecessor of Queens' School.
Berrygrove Primary School replaced Meriden Primary, Garston Infants and Lea Farm Junior (formerly Garston Junior) Schools.
The Cassiobury schools lie within the affluent Cassiobury estate, and are heavily oversubscribed, with 4 applicants per place.
The junior school has the highest Key Stage 2 results in Watford, and half of the pupils typically go on to Watford Grammar School for Boys and Watford Grammar School for Girls.
The schools' badge features an earl's coronet over the arms of the Capell family (Earls of Essex), owners of the original Cassiobury, which included the site of the modern estate.
Holy Rood Catholic Primary School is the oldest Roman Catholic school in Watford, started by the Dominican sisters as St Vincent's, a board school in Beechen Grove.
In 1893 the school moved to a new building (now Grade II listed) adjacent to Holy Rood church in central Watford, taking its new name from the church in 1896.
It taught pupils up to the age of 14 until the opening of St. Michael's Catholic High School in 1955, when it became a primary school.
After many decades of overcrowding, the school moved to its present site in 1969.
Knutsford Primary School lost its original school building in a fire in November 1999. After three years in temporary accommodation in the school fields, the school moved into a new building on the original site in 2002. The school is oversubscribed, with 3.5 applicants per place.
The Nascot Wood schools, within the affluent Nascot Wood area, are the most oversubscribed in Watford, with nearly 5 applicants for each place.
The area was formerly part of the Cassiobury Park estate of the Earls of Essex.
The school badge, an earl's coronet over a monogram "SX", was the mark of the 5th Earl, George Capell-Coningsby (1757–1839).
Parkgate Junior School was originally a boys' school, becoming mixed in August 1921.
References
Schools in Watford
Watford
Greenberg: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Noah Baumbach's film Greenberg. It includes LCD Soundsystem musician and DFA Records co-founder James Murphy's debut film score, as well as songs by other artists.
Track listing
Steve Miller Band: "Jet Airliner"
James Murphy: "People"
Nite Jewel: "Suburbia"
James Murphy: "Sleepy Baby"
James Murphy: "Thumbs"
Albert Hammond: "It Never Rains in Southern California"
James Murphy: "Plenty of Time"
James Murphy: "Photographs"
James Murphy: "Gente"
Galaxie 500: "Strange"
LCD Soundsystem: "Oh You (Christmas Blues)"
James Murphy: "Birthday Song"
James Murphy: "Dear You"
The Sonics: "Shot Down"
Duran Duran: "The Chauffeur"
James Murphy: "If You Need a Friend"
James Murphy : "Please Don't Follow Me"
James Murphy: "Photographs (Piano)"
References
Film soundtracks
LCD Soundsystem albums
2010 soundtrack albums
DFA Records soundtracks
The Great Lacuna is a lacuna of eight leaves where there was heroic Old Norse poetry in the Codex Regius. The gap would have contained the last part of Sigrdrífumál and most of Sigurðarkviða. What remains of the last poem consists of 22 stanzas called Brot af Sigurðarkviðu, but according to Henry Adams Bellows, the original size of Sigurðarkviða should have been more than 250 stanzas.
The missing original narrative is preserved in the Völsunga saga in prose form with four stanzas of poetry. The first two stanzas that are preserved through the saga deal with how Sigurd returns to Brynhildr leaping through the flames on Grani after Gunnar had failed:
Sigurd had, however, been given a potion of forgetfulness and so they had forgotten all about Brynhildr before returning to them Moreover, they arrived to them disguised as Gunnar, and so Brynhildr was married to Gunnar instead. After the wedding, Brynhildr argues with their sister-in-law Gudrun, who is Sigurd's spouse, and Gudrun reveals to Brynhildr that it was Sigurd who saved them from their prison. Brynhildr who grasps the extent of the treachery of their in-laws (the Gjukungs) against them and Sigurd, speaks out their heart about Gunnar, in the third preserved stanza:
Brynhildr is furious and so Gunnar and Sigurd talk to them trying to calm them down. Sigurd and Brynhildr have a conversation about the treachery of their mutual in-laws, and understanding how deceived they have been, Sigurd leaves Brynhildr with a heavy heart:
Brynhild's fury would soon lead to the death of both them and Sigurd and to the end of the Gjukung clan.
J. R. R. Tolkien produced the poems Sigurðarkvida en nyja and Guðrunarkviða en nyja, now published as The Legend of Sigurd and Gudrún, based on the content found in the saga.
Notes
References
The Great Lacuna Stanzas from Völsunga saga believed to be from the lacuna, translated by Lee M. Hollander
Fragment of a Sigurth Lay Henry Adams Bellows' translation and commentary
Fragments of the Lay of Sigurd and Brynhild Benjamin Thorpe's translation
Eddic poetry
Nibelung tradition
Sources of Norse mythology
Lost literature
Viktória Szabó (born 26 May 1997) is a Hungarian football midfielder who plays for German club 1. FC Saarbrücken and the Hungary national team.
Club career
In July 2016 Szabó joined 2. Bundesliga club Saarbrücken from 1. FC Lübars.
International career
At the 2016 Cyprus Cup, Szabó scored Hungary's winning goal against the Republic of Ireland from a direct free kick.
References
External links
Profile at 1. FC Lübars
Profile at Hungarian Football Federation
1997 births
Living people
Hungarian women's footballers
Expatriate women's footballers in Germany
Women's association football midfielders
Hungarian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
1. FC Lübars players
1. FC Saarbrücken (women) players
Hungary women's international footballers
Ferencvárosi TC (women) footballers
2. Frauen-Bundesliga players
Footballers from Budapest
The Big Lost River is a major river in the U.S. state of Idaho, about long.
Description
The river starts in the Rocky Mountains and flows in a generally southeast direction into the Snake River Plain. True to its name, the Big Lost River's surface flow does not reach any larger river but vanishes into the Snake River Aquifer at the Big Lost River Sinks, giving the river its name. The river is one of the Lost streams of Idaho, several streams that flow into the plain and disappear into the ground.
It rises at the confluence of the North Fork and East Fork Big Lost River deep in the Pioneer Mountains, a subrange of the Rockies, in Custer County, south-central Idaho. It flows northeast, then turns sharply southeast at the confluence with A Thousand Springs Creek, which comes in from the left and into Butte County. The river is dammed to form Mackay Reservoir near the town of Mackay, then continues south through an agricultural valley, passing Arco. After Arco, the river begins flowing east, northeast, and finally due north. The river terminates at the Big Lost River Sinks, a patch of marshland where its water drains into the ground.
Even though its surface flow is lost (hence its name) a short distance out of the mountains, the river is hydrologically connected to the Snake River, the largest river of Idaho by discharge, via the Snake River Aquifer and various springs along the course of the Snake in its journey through the plain.
See also
Little Lost River
List of rivers of Idaho
List of the longest streams of Idaho
References
External links
Rivers of Idaho
Rivers of Custer County, Idaho
Rivers of Butte County, Idaho
Rivers of Bingham County, Idaho
Beverly Swerling (1938 – 3 December 2018) was an American writer of historical fiction.
Biography
Born in Boston, Beverly Swerling grew up in nearby Revere, Massachusetts living with their parents in the boarding house they ran. After attending college in Kansas City (MO) Swerling relocated to New York City to pursue a writing career, working at an insurance agency until established as a freelance journalist. For a time Swerling was the director of a Boston-area halfway house for female ex-cons, an experience which formed the basis of their first published book: The Love Seekers, a work of non-fiction published in 1966. The Love Seekers was credited to Beverly Byrne, which name was also utilized in Swerling's journalistic bylines, Byrne having become Swerling's surname via a brief marriage during a European sojourn.
In 1978, Swerling emigrated, accompanied by William F Martin (born 27 August 1926) of Manhattan whom they had recently married: the couple would live abroad for some twenty-five years, originally on the Isle of Wight and eventually on Lanzarote and on a houseboat in France. It was during this period that Swerling became a published novelist with their debut novel: the whodunit Murder on the Menu, being issued in 1980 as was Jemma, the last-named moving Swerling into the historical fiction genre which would be the mainstay of their novelistic output. These first two novels were both softcover originals credited to Beverly Byrne: among eight subsequent softcovers "Beverly Byrne" had two novels published in hardcover: Women's Rites (1985) and A Matter of Time (1987), and in 1989 Swerling had a third hardcover novel: Juffie Kane published, that book being credited to Beverly S. Martin. A second Beverly S. Martin novel: Mollie Pride, was published in softcover in 1991.
Almost ten years after the 1992 publication of their final novel as Beverly Byrne, Swerling - now returned to New York City with their husband - had their first novel written as Beverly Swerling appear in 2001, that being City of Dreams, the first of four novels set in New York City from its 17th century founding til the "Gilded Age": all four novels were originally published as hardcovers, as were two other Beverly Swerling novels. Having moved from New York City to Philadelphia with their husband, Swerling subsequent to their husband's 29 January 2015 demise spent their final years in Woodbury (CT), where they died 3 December 2018 due to pancreatic cancer.
Publications
as Beverly Byrne
ALL TITLES ARE ORIGINAL SOFTCOVERS IF NOT OTHERWISE NOTED
The Love Seekers (1966) (hardcover)
Murder on the Menu (1980)
Jemma (1980)
The Outcast: The Griffin Saga Vol 1 (1981)
The Adventurer: The Griffin Saga Vol 2 (1982) (aka Fiery Splendor)
Women's Rites (1985) hardcover : softcover
Jason's People (1985)
A Matter of Time (1987) hardcover : softcover
Come Sunrise (1987)
The Morgan Women (1990)
A Lasting Fire (1991) (UK edition in hardcover with )
The Flames of Vengeance (1991) (UK edition in hardcover with )
The Firebirds (1991) (UK edition in hardcover with )
as Beverly S. Martin
Juffie Kane (1989) hardcover : softcover
Mollie Pride (1991)
as Beverly Swerling
ALL TITLES ORIGINALLY PUBLISHED IN HARDCOVER
trade paperback edition ( ) issued 2002 According to WorldCat, the book is held in 798 libraries
(connected with series) trade paperback edition ( ) issued 2005
trade paperback edition ( ) issued 2008
2013 Bristol House (NL, Tempelcode)
According to WorldCat, the book is held in 798 libraries
(connected with series)
trade paperback editio ( ) issued 2009
trade paperback edition ( ) issued 2012
2013 Bristol House (NL, Tempelcode) trade paperback edition ( ) issued 2014
References
External links
Beverly Swerling's official website
1938 births
2018 deaths
American historical novelists
American women novelists
Women historical novelists
20th-century American novelists
20th-century American women writers
21st-century American women
Edgeworth Blair "Elliott" Reid (January 16, 1920 – June 21, 2013) was an American actor.
Early life
Reid was born in Manhattan, the son of artist Christine Challenger Reid and banker Blair Reid. They attended the Professional Children's School.
Radio
In 1935, Reid debuted on the radio program The March of Time, which led to regular work on radio dramas during the golden age of radio. They portrayed Melvin Castleberry on the children's program Billy and Betty, and Philip Cameron on the serial Against the Storm and was a host on radio's version of The United States Steel Hour. Early on they took "Elliott" as their stage name. Their credits include many Orson Welles-directed stage and radio productions, such as The Mercury Theatre on the Air. They also acted on Theatre Guild on the Air, The Adventures of Philip Marlowe, Suspense, and the CBS Radio Mystery Theater. In some early performances they were credited as "Ted Reid".
Film
Reid's best-known film role was as Ernie Malone, private detective hired to spy on Marilyn Monroe's character, only to become Jane Russell's love interest, in the 20th Century Fox classic Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953). Variety praised their and Tommy Noonan's performances, saying that "Reid and Noonan carry off the romantic male spots nicely".
Reid played the snide Professor Shelby Ashton of Rutland University (the rival of perennial underdog Medfield College) in two Walt Disney movies starring Fred MacMurray: The Absent-Minded Professor in 1961, and its sequel Son of Flubber in 1963. Also in 1963, Reid appeared in the comedy The Wheeler Dealers starring James Garner and Lee Remick, with Pat Crowley in a supporting role. Reid portrayed Ralph Hastings in Disney's 1966 movie Follow Me, Boys! and a television commentator in Disney's Blackbeard's Ghost in 1968.
Television
A member of The Actors Studio from its inception, Reid was a regular in NBC television's That Was the Week That Was (1964–1965). Although they were signed to be the series's anchor-host, their role was reduced. They portrayed Warren Winslow on the CBS comedy Miss Winslow and Son (1979). They also made guest appearances on Murder, They Wrote, The Odd Couple, I Love Lucy, It's Always Jan, Barney Miller, Small Wonder, Perry Mason, and The Munsters.
In 1992 Reid appeared in the season three Seinfeld episode "The Letter", as one of the collectors considering buying a painting of Kramer. Reid's final television role was as Henry on the episode "Please Re-Lease Me" of the television sitcom Maybe This Time. They retired in 1995, but returned for an uncredited role as Miguel in the 2000 short film Scattering Mother and the role of Buddy in the feature film adaptation of the same name in 2005.
Impressions
Among their special skills, Elliot Reid was also an accomplished impressionist. They were so famous with their John F. Kennedy impersonation that, in 1962, they were invited to perform it in front of Kennedy in person; Kennedy was happy with the performance. One reference book said, "His mimicking of John F. Kennedy opened up a mini-career in clubs in the early 1960s."
Stage
Reid's Broadway credits include Julius Caesar (1937–1938), The Shoemaker's Holiday (1938), Macbeth (1948), Two Blind Mice (1949), The Live Wire (1950), Two on the Aisle (1951–1952), and From A to Z (1960).
They co-starred as Felix Unger in a road production of The Odd Couple with Dan Dailey as Oscar Madison during the late 1960s.
Death
Reid died of heart failure on June 21, 2013, at age 93. Their nephew stated that Reid had been residing in an assisted living facility in Studio City, California, for several years prior to their death. Their remains were cremated and their ashes were scattered in the Pacific Ocean.
Selected filmography
The Ramparts We Watch (1940) – Ralph Gilchrist
Young Ideas (1943) – Jeff Evans
The Story of Dr. Wassell (1944) – William 'Andy' Anderson
A Double Life (1947) – Actor in 'A Gentleman's Gentleman'
Sierra (1950) – Duke Lafferty
The Whip Hand (1951) – Matt Corbin
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953) – Ernie Malone
Vicki (1953) – Steve Christopher
Woman's World (1954) – Tony Andrews
Inherit the Wind (1960) – Prosecutor Tom Davenport
The Absent-Minded Professor (1961) – Professor Shelby Ashton
Son of Flubber (1963) – Prof. Shelby Ashton
The Thrill of It All (1963) – Mike Palmer
It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World (1963) – Dr. Chadwick (voice, uncredited)
The Wheeler Dealers (1963) – Leonard
Move Over, Darling (1963) – Dr. Herman Schlick
Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed? (1963) – Tom Edwards
Follow Me, Boys! (1966) – Ralph Hastings
Blackbeard's Ghost (1968) – TV Commentator
Some Kind of Nut (1969) – Gardner Anderson
Heaven Can Wait (1978) – Waiter (uncredited)
Young Einstein'' (1988) – Asylum Guard
References
External links
1920 births
2013 deaths
Male actors from New York City
American male film actors
American male stage actors
American male television actors
American male radio actors
20th-century American male actors
People from Studio City, Los Angeles
Chora is a small town in the western part of Messinia, in the Peloponnese region of southern Greece. With a population of 3.454 inhabitants, it is the largest settlement in the municipality of Pylos-Nestoros and the fifth largest settlement in Messinia. Chora is renowned for its long history. It houses an archeological museum and it is located 3 kilometers away from the Palace of Nestor.
Location
Chora is located in the southwestern part of Greece, in the peripheral unit of Messinia in Greece. It is 273 kilometers away from Athens, 205 kilometers away from Patras and 55 kilometers away from Kalamata. It has an altitude of 294 meters and it is built on the foothills of Aigaleo Mountain and 12 kilometers away from the Ionian Sea. Chora is 10 kilometers away from Gargalianoi and 21 kilometers away from Pylos. Romanos beach, Divari beach and the world-famous Voidokilia beach are located near the town.
History
Chora is associated with Ancient Pylos, one of the most important Mycenaean kingdoms, that took part in the Troyan War, with Nestor as its king. Ruins of the Palace of Nestor have been discovered 3 kilometers away from the town. It is the best preserved Mycenaean palace and one of the most important archeological sites in Greece. Excavations executed by Karl Blegen led to the discovery of the complex between 1932 and 1952. It is thought to have been a two-storey building with store rooms, workshops, baths, light wells, reception rooms and a sewage system. The building was in use until 1200 BC, when it was destroyed due to a fire. The archeological site was closed for renovation and has reopened since 2016. Tourists can admire the foundations of the building, together with the Throne Room and main storage areas.
Excavations in Chora have led to the discovery of an ancient cemetery in northern part of the town (Volimidia). This necropolis consists of more than 30 chamber tombs. Beehive tombs can be found in the southern part of the town and particularly in the olive groove of Englianos.
In modern times, the Battle of Chora-Agorelitsa took place in the southern end of the town, close to the village of Ampelophyto, on June 19, 1944. The Greek People's Liberation Army managed to defeat a phalanx of the 3rd Reich.
Main sites and services
Chora is a commercial, administrative and cultural center of the region and provides all the amenities of a modern town. Cafés, restaurant and a large number of stores are located in the main square. There is a hotel in the northern end of the town.
The town houses administrative buildings, a medical center, a post office, a bank, a municipal cinema and a football stadium. There are two nursery schools, two primary schools, a secondary school and a lyceum.
The town cathedral is dedicated to Saint George. There are totally three parishes, with the other two churches being dedicated to Saint Nicolas and the Holy Apostoles. There are numerous chapels, such as the Byzantine chapel of Saint Constantine and the chapel of the Tansfiguration of Jesus.
A large church is dedicated to the patron saint of Chora, Saint Demetrios of Chora that lived in the town in the late 18th century.
Museum
The Archaeological Museum of Chora is situated in the center of the town. It was established in 1969 and it houses important Mycenaean artifacts that have been found in the wider region. Exhibitions include golden jewelry, pottery, frescoes etc.
Events
"Nestoria" are organized every summer for over 40 years. They are a series of cultural celebrations, including a running race, a danse festival organized by the Cultural Association of Chora, music concerts and theater plays.
Chora hosts the oldest and largest commercial fair in Messinia to celebrate its patron saint every October. Apart from religious services, there is a large flea market and a food market.
References
Messenia
Peloponnese
Dave Bloustien (born 7 December 1975, in Adelaide) is an Australian comedian, improviser and comedy writer.
Living and working in Sydney, New South Wales, Bloustien has written for many Australian television comedies, including ABC's The Glass House, The Sideshow and Randling, and Channel Ten's Good News Week. They have won five Australian Writers Guild awards, or AWGIES, for their work on Good News Week.
As a stand-up comedian and improviser Bloustien has performed across Australia and internationally, including many shows as part of the Melbourne International Comedy Festival, Edinburgh Fringe Festival, Adelaide Fringe Festival, Cracker Comedy Festival and New Zealand Comedy Festival. In 2009 they were a recipient of a Moosehead Award for The Social Contract, an account of how a client tried to sue them on the grounds that their act wasn't funny. Their more recent shows include the "improvised rumble" Puppy Fight Social Club, A Complete History of Western Philosophy and Dave Bloustien's Grand Guignol.
Bloustien is also founder and co-producer of Sydney-based comedy production company Wit Large.
References
External links
bloustien.com – official home page
witlarge.com.au – production company official home page
EntertainOz – Dave Bloustien profile
Living people
Australian male comedians
1975 births
Lorilee may refer to:
Lorilee Craker (born 1968), Canadian-American writer
Miss Lorilee Lee, a character in the film High School U.S.A.
"Lorilee", a song first appearing the David Gates album First
Note that the versions of the above song have been done by other artists such as the band Bread (also featuring Gates)
See also
Lorelei
Lorelei (disambiguation)
"Lorile" or "Lori Le", a song from The Headies 2008
Lori Lee
Phelsuma borai is a species of gecko, a lizard in the family Gekkonidae. The species is endemic to Madagascar.
Etymology
The specific name, borai, is in honor of Malagasy herpetologist Parfait Bora.
Geographic range
P. borai is found in the Melaky region of western Madagascar.
Habitat
The preferred natural habitat of P. borai is dry deciduous forest, at an altitude of .
Description
Dorsally, P. borai is grayish brown; ventrally it is whitish. Unlike most other species in its genus, it has no green or red coloration. The holotype has a snout-to-vent length (SVL) of , and it has a tail length of , which is slightly longer than its SVL.
Reproduction
The mode of reproduction of P. borai is unknown.
References
Further reading
Gardner CJ, Raxworthy CJ, Metcalfe K, Raselimanana AP, Smith RJ, Davies ZG (2015). "Comparing Methods for Prioritising Protected Areas for Investment: A Case Study Using Madagascar's Dry Forest Reptiles". PLoS ONE 10 (7): e0132803.
Glaw F, Köhler J, Vences M (2009). "A new species of cryptically coloured day gecko (Phelsuma) from the Tsingy de Bemaraha National Park in western Madagascar". Zootaxa 2195: 61–68. (Phelsuma borai, new species).
Glaw F, Rösler H (2015). "Taxonomic checklist of the day geckos of the genera Phelsuma Gray, 1825 and Rhoptropella Hewitt, 1937 (Squamata: Gekkonidae)". Vertebrate Zoology 65 (2): 247–283.
Phelsuma
Geckos of Africa
Reptiles of Madagascar
Endemic fauna of Madagascar
Reptiles described in 2009
Taxa named by Frank Glaw
Taxa named by Jörn Köhler
Taxa named by Miguel Vences
Christophe Le Mével (born 11 September 1980 in Lannion) is a French former road racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 2002 and 2014 for the , , and teams.
Le Mével left at the end of the 2012 season, and joined on a two-year contract from the 2013 season onwards. They retired in November 2014.
Major results
2001
1st Overall Ronde de l'Isard
8th Paris–Bourges
10th Gran Premio della Liberazione
2003
1st Mountains classification Tour de l'Avenir
2004
3rd Overall Tour de l'Avenir
9th Classic Loire Atlantique
10th Polynormande
2005
1st Stage 16 Giro d'Italia
2nd Overall Paris–Corrèze
2009
9th Overall Tour du Haut Var
9th Overall Tour de France
10th Overall 2009 Paris–Nice
10th Overall Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré
2010
1st Overall Tour du Haut Var
1st Stage 2
2nd Road race, National Road Championships
2011
7th Giro di Toscana
8th GP Miguel Induráin
9th La Flèche Wallonne
2012
4th Clásica de San Sebastián
7th Overall Tour du Haut Var
8th Japan Cup
2013
8th Tour du Finistère
2014
6th Grand Prix de la Ville de Lillers
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
French male cyclists
French Giro d'Italia stage winners
People from Lannion
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Côtes-d'Armor
Cyclists from Brittany
Białoskóry refers to the following places in Poland:
Białoskóry, Lublin Voivodeship
Białoskóry, Masovian Voivodeship
Shaw Heights is an unincorporated community and a census-designated place (CDP) located in and governed by Adams County, Colorado, United States. The CDP is a part of the Denver–Aurora–Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of the Shaw Heights CDP was 5,116 at the United States Census 2010. The Westminster post office (Zip code 80031) serves the area.
Geography
The Shaw Heights CDP has an area of , including of water.
Demographics
The United States Census Bureau initially defined the for the
Education
Shaw Heights is served by the Westminster Public Schools.
Shaw Heights Middle School
See also
Outline of Colorado
Index of Colorado-related articles
State of Colorado
Colorado cities and towns
Colorado census designated places
Colorado counties
Adams County, Colorado
Colorado metropolitan areas
Front Range Urban Corridor
North Central Colorado Urban Area
Denver-Aurora-Boulder, CO Combined Statistical Area
Denver-Aurora-Broomfield, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area
References
External links
Westminster Public Schools
Shaw Heights Middle School
Adams County website
Census-designated places in Adams County, Colorado
Census-designated places in Colorado
Denver metropolitan area
Mark Lugari (or Mark Lukari) was a teacher from the ancient city of Apollonia (Illyria) who lived in the late 3rd century and early 2nd century BC.
Biography
We know very few things about their life. The name of ancient schoolteacher Mark Lugari is mentioned in some inscriptions from their time. During the archeological excavations in Apollonia, in the tomb of the teacher Mark Lugari, the writing tools that were used by the students in the school at that time were discovered. On the belt of this teacher hung a leather holder, in the holes of which were inserted writing sheets of papyrus or parchment, collected in a cylindrical shape. At the end was a metal hook for catching squid and holding a pencil (pen). On their tombstone, the stonemason also carved a diptych (quadrangular writing board) there. In this way are given both ways in which it was written at that time. Both forms were expensive for beginners to use. Therefore the most practical were the wax-painted quadrangular tables where the letters were scratched with the tip of a pencil.
See also
Illyria
Illyrians
Illyrology
Illyrian kingdom
Illyrian education
Culture of ancient Illyria
References
Illyrians
This is an incomplete list of rivers that are at least partially in Malaysia. The rivers are grouped by strait or sea. The rivers flowing into the sea are sorted along the coast. Rivers flowing into other rivers are listed by the rivers they flow into. The rivers that have their mouths in Malaysia are given in italics. The same river may be found in more than one state as many rivers cross state borders.
Rivers by international borders
Rivers by state borders
Rivers flowing into the Celebes Sea
Sabah
Kalabakan River
Kalumpang River
Serudong River
Silabukan River
Tawau River
Tingkayu River
Rivers flowing into the South China Sea
Johor
Pulai River (22 km)
Johor River (122.7 km)
Endau River (280 km)
Sembrong River (110 km)
Jemaluang River (40 km)
Mersing River (60 km)
Kelantan
Golok River (110 km)
Kelantan River (248 km)
Nenggeri River (52 km)
Galas River (87 km)
Lebir River (87 km)
Kemasin River
Semerak River
Raja Gali River
Pengkalan Datu River
Mak Neralang River
Bachok River
Pengkalan Chepa River (10 km)
Melawi River, Bachok
Sungai Dua River, Bachok
Tapang River
Pahang
Jerantut River (13 km)
Jeransang River (17 km)
Beletil River (18 km)
Besul River (10 km)
Betong River (20 km)
Burau River (12 km)
Serting River (40 km)
Bera River (60 km)
Cerating River (52 km)
Anak Endau River (110 km)
Endau River (280 km)
Kuantan River (86 km)
Pahang River (459 km)
Jelai River (97 km)
Lipis River (32 km)
Tembeling River (110 km)
Kechau River (63 km)
Tanum River (12.5 km)
Telang River (33 km)
Tahan River (135 km)
Pontian River, Pahang (27 km)
Rompin River (83 km)
Keratong River (22 km)
Sabah
Apas River
Bandau River, Sabah
Betotan River
Binsuluk River
Bongawan River (32 km)
Bongaya River
Bongon River
Brantian River
Bukau River
Burong River
Gum-Gum Besar River
Inanam River
Jeragan Bistari River
Kaindangan River
Karamuak River
Kanibongan River
Keguraan River
Kimanis River (31 km)
Klagan River
Klias River
Kolapis River
Kretam Besar River
Lakutan River
Langkon River
Linayukan River
Mamahat River
Manalunan River
Maruap River
Membakut River
Mengalong River
Mengkabong River
Merotai River
Milau River
Millian River
Moyog River
Mumiang River
Padas River (120 km)
Papar River (80 km)
Pegagau River
Pimpin River
Sabahan River
Sahabat River
Samawang River
Sapagaya River
Segaliud River
Sekong Besar River
Sengarong River
Sepagaya River
Sibunga Besar River
Simandalan River
Sinsilog River
Suanlamba Besar River
Sulaman River
Tandek River
Tanjung Labian River
Tatulit River
Tegupi River
Telaga River
Tempasuk River (21.5 km)
Kedamaian River (52 km)
Warlu River (33 km)
Kawang Kawang River (21 km)
Tiram River, Sabah
Tuaran River (80 km)
Ulu Tungku River
Umas Umas River
Sarawak
Balingian River
Baram River
Bayan River
Bedengan River
Kayan River
Kemena River
Kerian River, Sarawak
Lawas River
Likau River
Limbang River
Lupar River
Maludam River
Matu River
Mukah River
Niah River
Nyalau River
Oya River
Pandaruan River
Rajang River
Balleh River
Balui River
Bangkit River
Bintangor River
Igan River
Katibas River
Rambungan River
Sadong River
Salak River
Samarahan River
Samusam River
Santubong River
Sarawak River
Maong River
Padungan River
Saribas River
Sarupai Sadupai River
Sebuyau River
Sematan River
Sembakung River
Siang Siang River
Sibu Laut River
Sibuti River
Similajau River
Sparan River
Suai River
Tatau River
Telong River
Terusan River
Terengganu
Besut River (69 km)
Kenak River (13 km)
Pelagat River (28 km)
Jengai River (63 km)
Dungun River (88.4 km)
Ibai River (18 km)
Nerus River (105.1 km)
Merang River (8 km)
Keluang Besar River (19 km)
Kemaman River (167 km)
Kertih River (12 km)
Cukai River (24 km)
Tebak River (29 km)
Ibok River (28 km)
Jabor River (24 km)
Cherol River (37 km)
Marang River (34 km)
Mercang River (29 km)
Paka River, Terengganu (41.6 km)
Setiu River (126 km)
Terengganu River (20 km)
Rivers flowing into the Strait of Malacca
Federal Territory of Kuala Lumpur
Buloh River (11.6 km)
Kerayong River (20 km)
Midah River (4 km)
Klang River (120 km:40 km WPKL)
Gombak River (30 km)
Langat River (78 km)
Johor
Johor River (212 km)
Batu Pahat River (12 km)
Benut River (30 km)
Kesang River (37 km)
Muar River (250 km)
Segamat River (23 km)
Emas River (85 km)
Pontian kecil River (25 km)
Pontian Besar River (16.5 km)
Sanglang River (22.5 km)
Sarang Buaya River (8 km)
Sedili Besar River (57 km)
Kedah
Kedah River (92 km)
Kerian River (90 km)
Merbok River (45 km)
Muda River (203 km)
Pedu River (31 km)
Tajar River (8.5 km)
Pendang River (55 km)
Kulim River (19.2 km)
Tekai River (31 km)
Padang Terap River (50 km)
Anak Bukit River (15 km)
Padang Kerbau River (29 km)
Dingin River (8 km)
Sedim River (68 km)
Baling River (10 km)
Ketil River (103.6 km)
Baling River (10.7 km)
Chepir River (27 km
Yan Kechil River (12 km)
Malacca
Udang River (7 km)
Duyong River (15 km)
Kesang River (37 km)
Linggi River (84 km)
Malacca River (40 km)
Muar River (250 km)
Negeri Sembilan
Kesang River (37 km)
Langat River (78 km)
Linggi River (84 km)
Lukut Besar River (22 km)
Malacca River (40 km)
Muar River (250 km)
Tampin River (11 km)
Batang Melaka River (28.5 km)
Gemencheh River (55.5 km)
Gemas River (33 km)
Sepang River (30 km)
Penang
Juru River (19 km)
Perai River (73 km)
Jawi River (15 km)
Kerian River (90 km)
Relau River (3.2 km)
Teluk Bahang River (2 km)
Air Putih River (11.8 km)
Pinang River (3.1 km)
Air Itam River (3.8 km)
Dondang River (6.4 km)
Perak
Bernam River (200 km)
Beruas River (37.3 km)
Jarum Mas River (4 km)
Kerian River (90 km)
Kurau River (92 km)
Larut River (Jaha River) (25 km)
Manjung River (18 km)
Perak River (427 km)
Kinta River (100 km)
Sangga Besar River (Sepetang River) (33 km)
Temerloh River (14 km)
Dinding River (15 km)
Tiram River, Perak (3.6 km)
Bidor River (17.9 km)
Perlis
Besar River, Perlis (6.5 km)
Perlis River (11.8 km)
Korok River (17 km)
Mati River (13.3 km)
Abi River (13.9 km)
Arau River (21.5 km)
Tasoh River (9.6 km)
Santan River (10 km)
Panggas River (7 km)
Jernih River (8 km)
Pelarik River (8.5 km)
Batu Pahat River (6 km)
Gial River (7.8 km)
Kechor River (7 km)
Jarum River (10.3 km)
Temenggung River (6.75 km)
Kayang River (6.4 km)
Siran River (7.5 km)
Chuping River (5.5 km)
Kurong Batang River (4.7 km)
Lencong Utara (5.5 km)
Jalan Perlis River (5.3 km)
Mentaloon River (5.5 km)
Chuchoh River (4.8 km)
Repoh River (4.5 km)
Kurong Tengar River (4 km)
Padang River (4.2 km)
Ngulang River (3.2 km)
Tok Pulau River (3.7 km)
Jejawi River (3.4 km)
Bongor Kudong River (2.9 km)
Seriab River (6.5 km)
Banat River (4.4 km)
Selangor
Bernam River (200 km)
Buloh River (11.6 km)
Klang River (120 km)
Ampang River (18.3 km)
Damansara River (21 km)
Kemensah River (2.7 km)
Kuyoh River (10 km)
Penchala River (14 km)
Langat River (78 km)
Labu River (18 km)
Semenyih River (37 km)
Selangor River (110 km)
Sepang River (30 km)
Batu River (25.3 km)
Tengi River (43 km)
Rivers flowing into the Sulu Sea
Sabah
Abal River
Bode Besar River
Kinabatangan River (560 km)
Labuk River (260 km)
Liwagu River (215 km)
Paitan River
Segama River (350 km)
Sibuku River
Sugut River (178 km)
Rivers flowing into the Tebrau Strait
Johor
Johor River (212 km)
Segget River (4 km)
Pulai River (38 km)
Skudai River (46 km)
Tebrau River (33 km)
Pelentong River, Johor (9 km)
External links
Lembangan Sungai at forum.mygeoportal.gov.my
Senarai Lembangan Sungai Bagi Kategori Sungai-Sungai Merentas Negeri at forum.mygeoportal.gov.my
On-line Hydrological Data: Date: 07-01-2015 at infobanjir.water.gov.my
Malaysia
Rivers
1979 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 73rd water polo championship in Hungary. There were twelve teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1979 in water polo
1979 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Phtheochroa weiserti is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Uzbekistan.
References
Moths described in 1997
Phtheochroa
Thaunggyi is a village in Banmauk Township, Katha District, in the Sagaing Region of northern-central Burma.
References
External links
Maplandia World Gazetteer
Populated places in Katha District
Banmauk Township
1984 Macanese legislative election was held in Portuguese Macau on 15 August 1988, returning 17 members of the Legislative Assembly of Macau, with 6 directly elected by electorates, 6 indirectly elected by special interest groups and 5 appointed by the Governor.
Following the political deadlock between the conservatives led by Carlos d'Assumpção and Almeida e Costa, Governor of Macau, the Legislative Assembly was dissolved on 27 January 1984 by Ramalho Eanes, President of Portugal, under the request by the Governor. The unprecedented move, reacted strongly within the Macanese society, triggered the election and allowed new voter registration, which the Governor hoped to expand the electorate base.
The voting began at 8 am local time and ended at 8 pm. Queues were seen especially in morning and at night. With nearly 30,000 voting, the turnout was at around 60% (media report in Hong Kong gave near figures at 60% or 55%). Majority of the 6 directly elected seats, elected through D'Hondt method, were won by the Electoral Union, which consisted of pro-Beijing Chinese and Macau-born Portuguese with some from the Association for the Defense of Macau Interests (ADIM), and therefore retained their influence in the city. Five of the indirectly-elected seats were uncontested, while the remaining seat for Welfare, Culture, Education constituency was competed between three candidates.
Governor then appointed five other members to the Legislative Assembly, ensuring the control of Portuguese in the parliament.
Elected and appointed members
Results
Results are as follows:
Direct election
|- style="text-align:center;"
! class="unsortable"|
! style="text-align:center;" |Political affiliation
! style="text-align:right;" |Popular votes
! style="text-align:right;" |% of Votes
! style="text-align:right;" |Change in% of vote
! style="text-align:right;" |Seats
! style="text-align:right;" |Net changein seats
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Electoral Union (UE) || 16,003 || 58.87 || 0.47 || 4 ||
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Stability, Convergence and Progress (ECP) || 3,960 || 14.57 || New || 1 || 1
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Friendship Association (FADM) || 3,514 || 12.92 || New || 1 || 1
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Serving the People of Macau || 2,003 || 7.37 || New || 0 ||
|-
| style="background-color:;" | || style="text-align:left;" | Alvorada || 1,704 || 6.27 || || 0 ||
|-
! colspan="7" |
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Valid votes || 27,184 ||
! !! !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Invalid votes || 1,220 ||
! !! !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Blank votes || 566 ||
! !! !!
|- class="unsortable"
! colspan="2" |Total and Turnout !! 28,970 !! !! !! 6 !!
|-
| colspan="2" style="text-align:left;" | Eligible voters || 51,454 ||
! !! !!
|}
Indirect election
References
Macanese legislative election
Legislative election
Elections in Macau
Macanese legislative election
Power FM (call sign: 3BBA) is a commercial radio station in Ballarat, Victoria, Australia, broadcasting on the FM band on a frequency of 103.1 MHz. It serves listeners in Ballarat, Creswick, Maryborough, Ararat, Meredith, Daylesford, Ballan and surrounding areas.
Currently, the station airs a contemporary hit radio format, featuring music of from the 1990s through to today's top 40 hits, aimed at an audience aged under 35. It also airs several syndicated radio programs including Top 40 Pop & Urban Chart Hits.
Together with its sister station 3BA, it is owned by ARN.
In November 2021, Power FM, along with other stations owned by Grant Broadcasters, were acquired by the Australian Radio Network. This deal will allow Grant's stations, including Power FM, to access ARN's iHeartRadio platform in regional areas. The deal was finalized on January 4, 2022. It is expected Power FM 103.1 will integrate with ARN's KIIS Network, but will retain its current name according to the press release from ARN.
On-Air Schedule
Weekdays
12:00am–6:00am - Your Hit Music Station
6:00am–10:00am - Power FM Brekkie
10:00am–2:00pm - Workday Hits
2:00pm–6:00pm - The Home Run
6:00pm–7:00pm - Your Hit Music Station
7:00pm–8:00pm - The Kyle and Jackie O Hour of Power
8:00pm–10:00pm - The Random 20 with Mikey
10:00pm–12:00am - Oz Made
Weekends
12:00am–12:00am - Your Hit Music Station
See also
List of radio stations in Australia
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090912135053/http://powerfm.com.au/ballarat/
Radio stations in Ballarat
Contemporary hit radio stations in Australia
Australian Radio Network
The Brazilian Judo Confederation ( (CBJ)) is the national body responsible for managing and promoting the sport of judo in Brazil, founded on 18 March 1969 and headquartered in Rio de Janeiro.
The CBJ is affiliated with the International Judo Federation. Since 2013, its president has been Paulo Wanderley Teixeira.
See also
Brazil at the World Judo Championships
External links
National members of the International Judo Federation
Judo in Brazil
Thirike (English: The Return) is a 2021 Indian Malayalam family film. The directoral debut of George Kora and Sam Xavier, the film stars Kora and Gopikrishna Varma in lead roles along with Shanthi Krishna, Gopan Mangat, Sarasa Balussery and Namita Krishnamurthy in supporting roles. The story depicts the strong bond of brotherhood between the lead characters, one of whom is a boy with Down syndrome.
Produced by Abraham Joseph and Deepak Dilip Pawar under the banner of Nationwide Pictures, the film was released on 26 February 2021 on regional OTT platform, Neestream.
Synopsis
Little Thoma and their elder brother Sebu are abandoned at an orphanage after the death of their parents. Thoma is fiercely protective of Sebu who is a boy with Down syndrome. A young couple, Rafiq and Fatima, adopt Sebu leaving Thoma heartbroken.
Years later, Thoma, now a grown man and employed at a bakery, wants to reclaim their brother who is now rechristened as Ismu by their adoptive parents. Ismu is a happy-go-lucky boy who goes to a school for disabled children. Thoma, who is seldom allowed visitations to Ismu, uses every opportunity to reinstate the fact they are the rightful blood brother which irks Ismu's mother, Fatima. But soon Thoma sees their plans crumble when Fatima gives Thoma the news that they are shifting to Dubai for Ismu's better prospects. A shattered Thoma, in a last ditch desperate attempt, kidnaps their own brother and takes off to their childhood home.
The rest of the story is what follows as Thoma fulfils their half-hatched plan to reclaim their brother (who thinks they are on a fun brothers-only trip) and their past, while Rafiq and Fathima set out in search of their missing son. Soon the boys discover old roots and relations and have the time of their lives. But things take unexpected turns and
Thoma comes to the painful realisation that their brother deserves more than him. Thus, they return them home. But a year later, on a visit from Dubai, Fatima invites a newly reformed Thoma into the family too.
Cast
George Kora as Thoma
Gopikrishna Varma as Ismu
Shanthi Krishna as Fatima
Gopan Mangat as Rafiq
Namita Krishnamurthy as Sneha, Thoma's girlfriend
Jinu Ben as Jinu, Manager of the bakery
Sarasa Balussery as Sosama Ammichi
Ayden Abraham as young Thoma
Najim as young Sebu
Anju Abraham as mother of young Thoma and Sebu
Abraham Joseph as father of young Thoma and Sebu
Franco Davis Manjila as Monichen
Feroz Ismail as Feroz
Ramkumar as Doctor
Savio Joy as S I Balu
Production
George Kora had written the script four years ago, but could not pursue it as they were unsure whether they could find an actor with Down syndrome. They discovered Gopikrishna with the help of Dr. Shaji Thomas John of Baby Memorial Hospital in Kozhikode. George is also the co-writer of the 2017 film 'Njandukalude Nattil Oridavela'.
Sam Xavier, an ad filmmaker, had worked as an assistant director for Bejoy Nambiar's 2017 bilingual film 'Solo'.
The film is the first production venture of Nationwide Pictures. It is co-produced by Ronylal James, Paul Karukappillil, Dijo Kurian, Manu Mattamana and Sijo Peter.
Principal photography took place in Kochi, Kumali, Kothamangalam and Thodupuzha. Cherin Paul is the cinematographer and Lal Krishna is the editor.
Release and reception
Owing to COVID-19 pandemic, the film was released directly on regional OTT platform Neestream on 26 February 2021. The film received positive reviews with critics praising the performance and inclusion of a lead actor with down syndrome. The India Book of Records certified actor Gopikrishnan Varma and OTT platform Neestream for casting a hero with Down's Syndrome in a commercial movie for the first time.
Soundtrack
The original soundtrack is composed, programmed, and arranged by Ankit Menon. The album also includes a remastered version of the song 'Vaazhthidunnitha' from the 1993 Malayalam film Samagamam.
References
2021 directorial debut films
Down syndrome in film
2021 films
2020s Malayalam-language films
Vance Thomas Rider is an attorney who former Secretary of Labor and Human Resources of Puerto Rico under the governance of Alejandro García Padilla in the 16th Cabinet of Puerto Rico. Thomas was a former candidate for mayor of Culebra in 1992 for the Puerto Rican Independence Party and a former candidate for mayor of San Juan in 2000 for the same party. In 2012, however, Thomas favored García Padilla during the Puerto Rican General Elections although they are from different political parties. Thomas also led the Puerto Rico Commission on Civil Rights and the Puerto Rico Committee on the Conservation of Culebra's Seabed.
Thomas is a graduate from the University of Puerto Rico School of Law. Graduated from graduate school of Planning with courses for master's degree in environmental planning and a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Puerto Rico.
References
Members of the 16th Cabinet of Puerto Rico
People from Jacksonville, Illinois
Secretaries of Labor and Human Resources of Puerto Rico
University of Puerto Rico alumni
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
The pessulus is a delicate bar of cartilage connecting the dorsal and ventral extremities of the first pair of bronchial cartilages in the syrinx of birds. In some birds such as Anas platyrhynchos the pessulus may be ossified.
References
Bird anatomy
The men's 100 metre breaststroke competition at the 2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on 22 August at the Gold Coast Aquatic Centre, Queensland, Australia. The last champion was Kosuke Kitajima of Japan.
This race consisted of two lengths of the pool, both lengths being in breaststroke.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Pan Pacific records were as follows:
Results
All times are in minutes and seconds.
Heats
The first round was held on 22 August, at 10:20.
B Final
The B final was held on 22 August, at 19:54.
A Final
The final was held on 22 August, at 19:54.
References
2014 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships
Thoresby Colliery was a coal mine in north Nottinghamshire on the outskirts of Edwinstowe village. The mine opened in 1925 and closed in 2015, then Nottinghamshire's last coal mine. The site is being reclaimed and redeveloped into housing.
History
Thoresby colliery opened in 1925.
The first two shafts in 1925 were sunk to . The shafts were deepened by in the 1950s. After privatisation of the National Coal Board in the 1990s the mine was taken over by RJB Mining (later UK Coal as UK Coal Thoresby Ltd).
Coal seams worked by, or available to, the pit included the Top Hard seam, the Parkgate seam (after closure of Ollerton Colliery in 1994); the Deep Soft seam; and the High Hazels seam (working ceased 1983).
In April 2014 it was announced that the pit would close by July 2015. The colliery's 600 employees had been reduced to 360 by the time of the closure in July 2015. At the time of closure, Thoresby was one of the two last remaining deep-mined coal sources owned by UK Coal, together with Kellingley which closed soon after.
In 2015, the Thoresby Colliery Benevolent Fund, established in 1951, was wound up with £56,000 surplus which was distributed to five different local charities.
Redevelopment
The site is being reclaimed and redeveloped with a ten-year plan into housing and associated infrastructure, named Thoresby Vale, Edwinstowe. Initial plans were to include a country park and with five acres set aside for a primary school. Local MP Mark Spencer mentioned that provision was also needed for a doctors' surgery, and hoped that section 106 monies could be used to upgrade the nearby traffic island and establish a passenger rail service extension to the Robin Hood Line.
References
External links
UK Coal
1925 establishments in England
2015 disestablishments in England
Coal mines in Nottinghamshire
Underground mines in England
Edwinstowe
The flag of Nashville, Tennessee, consists of the city's seal on a white disc surrounded by a field of blue, with a strip of gold on the fly. According to the resolution adopting the flag, the blue stands for the courage and conviction of the city's leaders throughout history, while the gold denotes the richness of city's land and resources. The flag was adopted in December 1963 when the governments of Nashville and Davidson County merged to form the Metro government. In an official ceremony, it was reigned in as the new flag on August 4, 1964, at the Metropolitan Courthouse. The flag is modeled after the Tennessee state flag.
History
The seal displays a Native American holding a skull standing by a tobacco plant, an eagle, and a badge-shaped shield decorated in a style similar to the American flag. The Native is said to be a representative of the "Woodland" culture contemplating the skull of a member of an earlier Native culture such as the Mound Builders. Though the de jure version of the flag included a monochromatic seal, today flags in Nashville are displayed with the seal in full color. Additionally, there is usually a thin white bar separating the outer strip of yellow from the blue field.
Prior to the consolidation, the flag consisted of a blue star on a red background overlapped by two crossing white bars. The blue star was enclosed in golden olive branches located under the letter N, standing for the city name. It had been designed by Harville H. Duncan and adopted by the City Council in 1961.
In a review by the North American Vexillological Association of 150 U.S. city flags, the Nashvillian flag came in 43rd with a rating of 4.85 out of 10. The group cited Nashville's use of its city seal, which they said makes flags difficult to discern from a distance. They also stated that the gold outer stripe would not have much functionality, because flags tend to fray, and the outer edge occasionally needs shaving. Mayor Bill Purcell commented, "Flags are a subjective thing. People in the rest of the country may not appreciate our unique flag. It's a flag that takes some time to get comfortable with. There are not many flags with a skull on it."
References
Flags of the World's entry on the Nashville flag
Mayor Bill Purcell hands the Metro flag to a school principal
A page by the Tennessee Daughters of the American Revolution on the Metro Nashville flag
Devereaux D. Cannon, Jr. (1990). Flags of Tennessee. Pelican.
Nashville, Tennessee
Nashville, Tennessee
Nashville
1963 establishments in Tennessee
Hapuakohe Range of hills is aligned north-south, between the Waikato River and the Hauraki Plains in the Waikato region of New Zealand. It is separated from the Taupiri Range by an air-gap at Mangawara, where the Waikato flowed about 20,000 years ago.
The range is drained by the Waitakaruru and Whangamarino Rivers and their tributaries at the north end. Further south, tributaries of the Piako River drain the east side of the range and streams flow to the Waikato on the west.
The 1865 confiscation boundary ran along the range. The boundary between Waikato and Ohinemuri (from 1920 Hauraki Plains) counties followed a similar line, as does the current boundary between Waikato, Hauraki and Matamata Piako Districts.
Named summits and road
From north to south, the features named on the LINZ map are:
Pukekamaka
Okaeria
Karamuroa
Otane
Ikeike - west of main ridge – a low priority walkway plan may link them.
Matahuru Rd - in 2007 the lower part of the road averaged 61 vehicles a day. Beyond there, the road is gravel for over , towards the junction of Ohinewai Rd and SH27, near Kaihere.
Maungakawa - Chorus Ltd's microwave tower on the summit is about high. There is also a Maungakawa hill near Cambridge.
Pukeitionga
Tirotiro (east of main ridge)
Maukoro (east of main ridge)
Pororua (west of main ridge)
Hapuakohe
Ngaraparapa
Te Hoe – Te Hoe pā, with terraces, scarps and pits, was used by Ngāti Wairere and Ngāti Hauā.
Tauwhare
Te Heru
Puketutu Pā
Ruakiwi Pā
Geology
As shown on this GNS map, the Hapuakohe Range is mainly formed of greywacke of the Jurassic Manaia Hill Group (shown as Jm on map). Overlain with volcanic ash, they've mainly formed clay podzol soils, with poor drainage, which are prone to sheet erosion, particularly on grazed, steep land.
Cenozoic intrusive rocks surface at either end of the range; Tahuna unit (Mkt) at the south end is 6–7 Ma basaltic andesite and pyroxene andesite, with eroded remnants of lava flows and volcanic breccias. Miranda Unit (Mkm), at the north end, is 13–10 Ma, also of basaltic and pyroxene andesite, but including dacite, tuff and hornblende.
Hapuakohe Walkway
There is a Department of Conservation walkway along the range, allowing excellent views of Mt Te Aroha, Firth of the Thames, Huntly power station, hill country south of Auckland and the Waikato Plains.
Ecology
The Hapuakohe Range includes Hapuakohe Conservation and Ecological () areas, Mangapiko Valley () and Matahuru () scenic reserves, the southern being protected since 1906 under the 1903 Scenery Preservation Act. A warm, humid climate influences growth, with rainfall of to a year.
The natural vegetation was kauri forest, often mixed with podocarps, and, at the southern end, with hard beech, with rimu–tawa forest at higher levels and kahikatea on the flood plains. Tanekaha, rewarewa, mingimingi, prickly mingimingi, silver fern, wheki, kanuka and puriri are also common and there is some taraire. All the large kauri trees have been logged, but now about 42% of the native vegetation is protected from clearance, some 58% of the rest being kanuka and manuka scrubland, mainly on the eastern foothills.
No detailed survey of native animals seems to have been done. Kereru and copper skinks are present. Longtailed bats, NZ falcon, Hochstetter's and Archey's frogs, forest gecko and green geckos are likely to be in the Range. Until the 1980s kokako were in the area, but thought to be locally extinct now, though numbers have recovered in the Hunua Ranges to the north.
References
Mountain ranges of Waikato
Hills of New Zealand
Waikato District
Hauraki District
Saint-Valery-sur-Somme (, literally Saint-Valery on Somme; ), commune in the Somme department, is a seaport and resort on the south bank of the River Somme estuary. The town's medieval character and ramparts, its Gothic church and long waterside boardwalk, make it a popular tourist destination.
Geography
The commune lies on the Hauts-de-France coast by the Baie de la Somme and at the mouth of the canalised river Somme. It is north west of Abbeville and to the west of the battlefields of the Somme. Most of the commune lies adjacent to the sea and the Somme river on the Quai du Romerel, Quai Courbet, Quai Jeanne d'Arc, Quai Blavet and the Quai Perree. The oldest part of the commune lies on the northern coast to the north west of the main settlement. To the south is the main road, the CD940 between Abbeville and Cayeux-sur-Mer.
River Somme
The River Somme is canalised, with sea locks at the eastern end of the town. From Saint-Valery-sur-Somme to Abbeville, the Canal de la Somme has been completely straightened, after which it follows a winding course to Amiens and beyond. Although no longer a busy commercial waterway, it gives an attractive and calm introduction to the French canals and the greater European canal network, thereby avoiding the busy ferry ports of Calais and Dunkirk.
Railway
Saint-Valery has a station (and out-of-season terminus) of the narrow gauge "Chemin de Fer de la Baie de Somme" (Somme Bay Railway), which is now largely a tourist attraction. Running around the entire length of the bay, this railway connects Le Crotoy with Noyelles-sur-Mer, and Saint-Valery; in the summer season trains also run from Saint-Valery to Cayeux-sur-Mer and the sands at Brighton Plage.
Places of interest
The abbey church
The sea lock, controlling the flow of the Somme river
The stone tower, where, according to a tradition, Jeanne d'Arc was detained
The house where Anatole France resided
History
The history of the commune dates back to before the era of the Roman invasion when it was a small settlement inhabited by Gauls. The Roman invasion encouraged the small hamlet to grow into a small village and after the Romans left France the village soon came under the power of the Franks.
In 611, the monk Gualaric (Walric), also known as Valery, arrived in the area. They installed themselves as a hermit on the headland of the site of Leuconaus, now the Cap Hornu. Their virtue and miracles quickly attracted disciples. These disciples formed a primitive abbey. The saint was then buried there in 622 and the "Chapelle des marins" was erected in 628 by Saint Blimont over their burial place. Clotaire II (King of Neustrie) provided the foundations of the new abbey in 627. The relics of the saint attracted many pilgrims to the abbey which had become known as Saint-Valery. During the 8th and 9th century, the abbey and village were plundered and devastated on several occasions by the Vikings.
The village grew during the 10th and 11th centuries and was historically significant as the site where William the Conqueror assembled their fleet before sailing to invade England in 1066. During the many wars between the French and the English the village passed between French, English and Burgundian ownership. The English destroyed the abbey and cloister in order to strengthen the nearby St Valery castle. In 1431, Joan of Arc, captive of the English, was held prisoner in the local prison, whence they were then conveyed to Rouen and burnt at the stake. The cell in which they were held can still be found near part of the old village walls.
The commune found peace and prosperity during the 15th, 16th and 17th centuries. The abbey was rebuilt and still stands today. The activity of the port flourished, thanks to the export of the wines and the growth of the herring industry. It was near enough to Paris to be one of the earlier suppliers of the chasse marée merchants. The commune mirrors the history of France, becoming a site of religious conflict between Protestants and Catholics and later as a source of conflict during the French revolution.
The commune was popular during the 19th century with artists and writers and Victor Hugo, Jules Verne, Alfred Sisley and Edgar Degas all had villas here at one time or another.
Population
See also
Communes of the Somme department
Chemin de Fer de la Baie de Somme
Réseau des Bains de Mer
International relations
Saint-Valery-sur-Somme is twinned with:
Battle, United Kingdom
Ronse, Belgium
References
External links
Commune's official website
Saint-Valery-sur-Somme on the Quid website
St.Valery-sur-Somme in the Werbeka Netshop
Communes of Somme (department)
Populated coastal places in France
The M5 is a long metropolitan route in the eThekwini Metropolitan Municipality, South Africa. It starts in KwaMashu in the north-western townships of Durban. It passes through the townships of KwaMashu, Newlands East, Newlands West, Ntuzuma and KwaDabeka. It then passes through the industrial town of New Germany and the leafy towns of Pinetown and Queensburgh before entering Durban and ending with the R102 in the Umbilo industrial area.
Route
The northern terminus of the M5 is at the M25/R102 (to Avoca) off-ramp with the R102 (to Phoenix) in the Duffs Road suburb of KwaMashu. It heads south-west as a dual-carriageway roadway named 'Dumisani Makhaye Drive' and forms an intersection with the M45 Queen Nandi Drive. Turning east it passes the townships of KwaMashu and Newlands East. Here it intersects with the M21 Inanda Road and proceeds to head west-southwest between the townships of KwaMashu and Newlands West and then between Ntuzuma and Newlands West where it becomes a freeway with the first off-ramp being the Newlands Expressway in Newlands East and Ntuzuma. Just after Newlands Expressway, it turns north-west and ends being a freeway when it enters KwaDabeka at the uMngeni River. Here it intersects Ulwandle Drive and becomes a freeway again, turning south-east through KwaDabeka. The M5 has 2 off-ramps for the remaining length of its freeway section which include Wyebank Road and 1st Avenue. After the 1st Avenue off-ramp, The M5 becomes 'Dinkelman Road', turning south towards New Germany and ends as a freeway at Posselt Road.
After the Posselt Road intersection, it becomes 'Otto Volek Road' passing through the industrial town of New Germany before crossing over the M19 freeway which connects to Pinetown CBD and Westville at the exit 14 off-ramp south of New Germany. After the M19 intersection, the M5 enters Pinetown and intersects with the M31 Josiah Gumede Road where the M5 becomes 'Stapleton Road'. Proceeding south-south-west, it crosses over the M13 freeway which connects to Westville at the exit 16 off-ramp in the Sarnia suburb of Pinetown. It turns left at a T-junction into Underwood Road, heading south-west and crossing over the N3 freeway. After the Baker Road intersection, it becomes 'Main Road' where it turns south-south-east, passing through the Moseley suburb of Pinetown.
It crosses the M7 freeway which connects to Pinetown Central and Durban at the exit 12 off-ramp south of Moseley and enters Queensburgh at its Northdene suburb and turns east-south-east. As it traverses through Queensburgh, the road acts as the main road for the Escombe and Malvern suburbs and road becomes 'Sarnia Road' at the Bellville Road intersection.
It leaves Queensburgh to enter Durban at its Hillary suburb, turns south-east and crosses the N2 freeway. After crossing the N2, it turns north-east to enter Bellair, and turns south-east passing through the suburbs of Bellair and Sea View. It turns north-east again where it passes over the M7 again at an off-ramp in Rossburgh and continues north-northeast through Umbilo Industrial. It ends at an intersection with the R102 Umbilo Road which connects to the Durban CBD.
New Dumisani Makhaye Drive
The Dumisani Makhaye Road (also known as P577 or MR577/Main Road 577) section of the M5 was opened on 2 December 2017 by former president Jacob Zuma for public use. The R1.3 billion project was the biggest road infrastructure development in South Africa since 2012 and also the most complex road project to be undertaken in years. It formed part of government's nationwide programme to upgrade infrastructure.
Dumisani Makhaye Drive spans the uMngeni River and provides a strategic link between Duffs Road in KwaMashu and Dinkelman in New Germany. Significantly, the road will serve as a new alternative route to the King Shaka International Airport for traffic coming from the Pietermaritzburg and Pinetown areas, which will ease traffic congestion on the EB Cloete Interchange (Spaghetti Junction), it also cuts off 16 kilometres for traffic using the N3 to connect to the N2, makes the communities of Newlands, KwaMashu, Inanda, KwaDabeka, Clermont and Pinetown more closely connected and will help eradicate the legacy of colonialism and apartheid-based spatial planning. The road is named after the late struggle hero, Dumisani Makhaye, who dedicated their life to the fight against apartheid.
References
Roads in South Africa
EThekwini Metropolitan Municipality
Transport in Durban
The 1941 New South Wales state election was for 90 electoral districts each returning a single member with compulsory preferential voting.
Results by electoral district
Albury
Annandale
Preferences were not distributed.
Armidale
Ashburnham
Ashfield
Auburn
Balmain
Preferences were not distributed.
Bankstown
Preferences were not distributed.
Barwon
Bathurst
Blacktown
Bondi
Botany
Bulli
Burwood
Byron
Canterbury
Preferences were not distributed.
Casino
Castlereagh
The sitting member for Castlereagh, Alfred Yeo (Country), was concerned that the redistribution had made it a Labor seat and they unsuccessfully contested Liverpool Plains.
Cessnock
Clarence
Cobar
Concord
Coogee
Cook's River
Corowa
Croydon
Drummoyne
Dubbo
Dulwich Hill
Georges River
Gloucester
Gordon
Goulburn
Granville
Hamilton
Hartley
Hawkesbury
Hornsby
Hurstville
Illawarra
King
Kogarah
Kurri Kurri
Lachlan
Lakemba
Preferences were not distributed.
Lane Cove
Leichhardt
Lismore
Liverpool Plains
Preferences were not distributed.
The sitting member Harry Carter (Country) retired. Alfred Yeo (Country) was the sitting member for Castlereagh.
Maitland
Manly
Marrickville
Monaro
Mosman
Preferences were not distributed.
Mudgee
Murray
Murrumbidgee
Namoi
Nepean
Neutral Bay
Newcastle
Preferences were not distributed.
Newtown
Preferences were not distributed.
North Sydney
Orange
Oxley
Paddington
Parramatta
Phillip
Preferences were not distributed.
Raleigh
Randwick
Preferences were not distributed.
Redfern
Rockdale
Preferences were not distributed.
Ryde
Arthur Williams () won the seat at the 1940 by-election, but after the re-distribution, chose to contest [[Results of the 1941 New South Wales state election#Georges River|Georges River]] instead and Labor did not field a candidate. Eric Solomon was the member for the abolished seat of Petersham. James Shand was the member for the abolished seat of Hornsby and had been denied pre-selection.
South Coast
Sturt
Tamworth
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9"
! colspan="6" style="text-align:left;" |After distribution of preferences
Preferences were not distributed to completion.
Temora
Tenterfield
Upper Hunter
Vaucluse
Wagga Wagga
Waratah
Waverley
Preferences were not distributed.
Willoughby
Wollondilly
Wollongong-Kembla
Woollahra
Yass
Young
See also
Candidates of the 1941 New South Wales state election
Members of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly, 1941–1944
Notes
References
1941
Max Salzmann was a German designer at the Schelter & Giesecke Type Foundry. They immigrated to the United States.
Fonts Designed
All of these faces were produced by the Schelter & Giesecke Type Foundry.
Dolmen (1922) An art deco face. Digitized by Nick Curtis (Salzmann Deco NF, 2011). There are also versions of Dolmen by Linotype (1987), Letraset and ITC.
Zierdolmen (1922), a decorated version of Dolmen. Digitized by Nick Curtis (Salzmann Deco Deco NF, 2011).
Kalender Vignetten (1907)
Salzmann Antiqua (1913)
Salzmann Fraktur + Kräftige Salzmann Fraktur (1912) A digital versions were made by Ralph M. Unger (Salzmann Fraktur, 2019), Delbanco (DS-Salzmann-Fraktur, 2001), and Chiron (TbC Salzmann Fraktur, 2012).
Salzmann Kursiv (1911)
Salzmannschrift + Salzmannschrift halbfette + schmale Salzmannschrift (1910)
References
German graphic designers
German typographers and type designers
The 1988 City of Dundee District Council election took place on 5 May 1988 to elect members of City of Dundee Council, as part of that year's Scottish local elections.
Election results
References
1988
1988 Scottish local elections
20th century in Dundee
On 3 May 2016, Kosovo became a full member of UEFA, the governing body of association football in Europe. Kosovo football clubs can qualify for UEFA's two of the three main continental competitions, the UEFA Champions League since the 2017–18 season and the UEFA Europa Conference League since the 2021–22 season.
Kosovo football clubs has also been able to qualify for the UEFA Europa League from 2017–18 season to 2020–21 season, but due to the change by UEFA of the way of qualifying in competitions based on the country coefficient, then Kosovo football clubs are not able to participate in this competition due to the low country coefficient.
UEFA rankings
Country coefficient
Club coefficient
Competitions
Active
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Europa Conference League
Defunct
Mitropa Cup
Records
Top goalscorers
Players in bold are active in the Kosovo Superleague.
Penalty shootout goals are not included.
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Europa Conference League
Notes and references
Notes
References
External links
European football clubs in international competitions
Football in Kosovo
Mirabi Valiyev (; born 13 September 1970) is a Ukrainian former wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1970 births
Living people
People from Leningor district
Olympic wrestlers of Ukraine
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Ukrainian male sport wrestlers
Ukrainian people of Ossetian descent
Ossetian people
Infestation is the state of being invaded or overrun by parasites or other pests.
Infestation may also refer to:
Infestation (film), a film by American director Kyle Rankin
Infestation (album), an album by American hard rock band Ratt
Infestation (comics), a comic book crossover published by IDW Publishing
Infestation (video game), action-adventure computer game released in 1990
"Infestation" (Under the Dome), a television episode
Centipede: Infestation, a top-down shooter video game released in 2011
Infestation: Survivor Stories, a video game released in 2012, formerly known as The War Z
The Infestation, a faction in the online game Warframe, described as a techno-organic plague that operates as a hive mind
See also
Infest (disambiguation)
Un Argentino en New York (international, English title: An Argentine in New York) is a 1998 Argentine film directed by Juan José Jusid and starring Guillermo Francella and Natalia Oreiro. It is the story of an Argentine adolescent girl who travels to New York, and decides to stay and live there. Them father makes the decision to go to New York, a place where they have never been, to meet their daughter and try to bring them back to Buenos Aires. During their journey he'll discover that their daughter has grown, formed a music band and met an American man who they love.
Plot
Un Argentino en New York tells us the story of Franco Ricci (Guillermo Francella) and their daughter Veronica (Natalia Oreiro). Franco is a porteño who is very sentimental, a musician, separated and with a couple of dreams. Veronica, a brave young girl, attractive and intelligent, who always obtains what they want.
While Veronica was traveling through New York, they surprisingly decided to stay and live in the city. When Franco, their father, hears the news, they decide to travel and pay them a visit with the goal of bringing them back to Argentina.
Even though it's hard for Franco to admit it, he'll discover that in the past months Veronica has grown and is more mature. They have formed a music band called The Verónikos, they debuted in a café and they have shown that they could succeed in the music industry. They have also fallen in love of an American boy, George (Steve Wilson), which will bring jealousy to their father.
The movie takes place in New York, a vertiginous city and unknown to Franco, which will bring all different types of hilarious adventures. After the whole journey through Manhattan, it will bring all sorts of feelings between father and daughter, which will change their lives.
Between laughs and tears, Un Argentino en New York shares with us the journey in which a father realizes that their daughter is no longer a teenager, and has turned into a woman.
Track listing
External links
Natalia Oreiro Un Argentino en New York info film
NATALIA OREIRO - ČESKÁ OFICIÁLNÍ STRÁNKA - www.nataliaoreiro.cz
Full Discography - Czech Fan Site
Soundtracks - Czech Fan Site
External links
Natalia Oreiro Official Site
1998 films
1990s Spanish-language films
Films set in the United States
Films scored by Federico Jusid
Argentine comedy films
1998 comedy films
The 2008 Guam B-52 crash was a fatal crash of a United States Air Force (USAF) B-52H Stratofortress on 21 July 2008. The aircraft, operating out of Andersen Air Force Base, crashed into the Pacific Ocean during a training flight approximately northwest of Apra Harbor, Guam. The training flight was to include participation in a local municipal celebration of Liberation Day in Hagåtña. All six crew members aboard the aircraft were killed and the aircraft was destroyed.
An investigation by the USAF determined that the crash was likely caused by an improper stabilizer trim setting. The investigation was unable to determine conclusively what had caused the horizontal stabilizer trim to be set improperly, but theorized that the most likely cause was an aircraft system malfunction.
Crash
On 21 July 2008, a United States Air Force (USAF) B-52H Stratofortress crashed into the Pacific Ocean approximately northwest of Apra Harbor, Guam, after taking off from Andersen Air Force Base. The aircraft, named "Louisiana Fire" and with the mission call sign of "RAIDR 21", was about to participate in a flyover for the Liberation Day parade in Hagåtña. It crashed at 9:55 am (local time), 21 July, five minutes before they were scheduled to fly over the parade. Air traffic control radar images indicated that the aircraft appeared to be descending rapidly before disappearing from radar scopes at about of altitude.
On 23 July 2008, the USAF announced that there were no survivors, and that the rescue effort had turned to a recovery mission for four still-missing members of the crew of six.
Aircraft and crew
The bomber, assigned to the 20th Bomb Squadron, was, with its crew, on temporary duty at Andersen as part of a four-month rotation. The bomber's unit had replaced Northrop Grumman B-2 Spirit bombers which had been grounded following the loss of one of them on 23 February that year.
The crew of RAIDR 21 were: Major Christopher M. Cooper, aged 33 (aircraft commander), Major Brent D. Williams, aged 37 (radar navigator), Captain Michael K. Dodson, aged 31 (co-pilot), First Lieutenant Joshua D. Shepherd, aged 25 (navigator), First Lieutenant Robert D. Gerren, aged 32 (electronic warfare officer), and Colonel George Martin, aged 51. Martin, a flight surgeon, was the deputy commander of 36th Medical Group at Andersen. They were aboard in the Number 6 crew position to ride along for the Liberation Day "Fly Over". The rest of the crew members were from the 20th Bomb Squadron or the 96th Bomb Squadron at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana. While bodies and remains were recovered from the area, Dodson's and Gerren's remains were not recovered. A memorial service for the crew was held at Arlington National Cemetery on 14 November 2008. A memorial monument was unveiled at Adelup Point on Guam in July 2009.
Recovery and investigation
The USAF worked with the United States Navy and to map and retrieve the aircraft's wreckage from the ocean floor. The wreckage did not include a flight data recorder because the aircraft was not equipped with one.
The accident investigation board concluded that the horizontal stabilizer was set at a down angle during the training mission. The cause of the mishap was an improper stabilizer trim setting. Due to the lack of available evidence, no surviving crew members, no radio calls, no other witnesses and lack of a data recorder, the accident investigation board was unable to determine by clear and convincing evidence why the stabilizer trim was mispositioned. The investigation board felt that the most likely cause of this runaway stabilizer trim was a system malfunction that would have led the stabilizer trim to improperly run in a nose-down direction. The improper trim setting occurred somewhere between 14,000 and and caused a rapid and uncontrollable descent the experienced crew could not overcome. Based on the descent profile of the mishap aircraft, there were only 34 seconds from the presumed start of the mishap sequence until impact.
The board president, Brigadier General Mark Barrett explained that two factors led to the crash. The first was the "combination of low altitude with a descending left turn of the aircraft". The second was "the late recognition of the serious nature of the situation by the crew". They added, "any experienced air crew could have found it difficult to recognize, assess and recover from the rapidly developing situation involving the stabilizer trim setting." The USAF also conducted a separate safety investigation into the mishap but did not publicly release its findings.
Notes
References
21st-century military history of the United States
Aviation accidents and incidents in the United States in 2008
Guam
Accidents and incidents involving United States Air Force aircraft
Aviation accidents and incidents in Guam
2008 in Guam
July 2008 events in the United States
Marine Fighter Squadron 123 (VMF-123) was a fighter squadron of the United States Marine Corps during World War II and later in the Marine Forces Reserve. Known as the “Flying Eight Balls,” the squadron fought at Guadalcanal, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa and served as a training squadron for replacement pilots during the Korean War. The squadron was decommissioned on October 31, 1965 at Naval Air Station Los Alamitos.
History
World War II
VMF-123 was commissioned on September 7, 1942 at Camp Kearney. The squadron took delivery of 18 Grumman F4F Wildcats in December of that year. A large percentage of the squadron's initial pilots came from the experienced VMF-121 hoping it would require them less time to become combat ready. The squadron embarked upon the and departed the United States on January 8, 1943. They arrived at Noumea on January 22, where they transferred to the . Arriving at Efate on January 26, they eventually boarded DC-3s flying for Espiritu Santo on February 2. The squadron arrived at Henderson Field on Guadalcanal on February 3, 1943 and flew their first combat mission the following day. Because they were the last of the Marine fighter squadrons to arrive in the Solomon Islands, VMF-123 was the last of these eight squadrons to transition from the Grumman F4F Wildcat to the Vought F4U Corsair.
In August 1943, the squadron moved to the new field at Munda in the Central Solomon Islands and flew their first mission from there on August 14, 1943. Their arrival on Munda coincided with the landings on Vella Lavella which were constantly under attack from Japanese aircraft based on Bougainville. VMF-123 was one of many squadrons that fought Japanese aircraft for control of the skies over Vella Lavella. The squadron was split up in September 1943 with half remaining on Munda and the other half moving to a field in the Russell Islands. Their last mission in the South Pacific was flown in November 1943 and the squadron returned to the United States on December 14, 1943.
VMF-123 spent the majority of 1944 resting and refitting. On December 31, 1944, the squadron, along with VMF-112 boarded the for their third combat tour. During this cruise, which last until June 16, 1945, they participated in the Battle of Iwo Jima, took part in the first carrier strikes against Tokyo since the Doolittle Raid in 1942, and participated in the entire Okinawa Campaign. During their cruise on the USS Bennington, the squadron had seven pilots killed in action and five permanently listed as missing in action.
Upon their return to the U.S., the squadron was based out of Marine Corps Air Station El Centro where they were teamed with VMTB-623 as they trained for the upcoming invasion of Japan. They were scheduled to deploy on board the when the war ended. The squadron was deactivated shortly thereafter on September 10, 1945.
Reserve years
In the late 1940s, the squadron was again reactivated as part of the Marine Forces Reserve and were based out of Naval Air Station Los Alamitos. Shortly after the outbreak of the Korean War, the squadron was called to active duty on July 23, 1950, however they did not deploy to combat. Instead, they served as a training squadron for replacement Corsair pilots on their way to the war. Following the war, they transitioned to jet aircraft and were later decommissioned on October 31, 1965.
See also
United States Marine Corps Aviation
List of active United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
List of decommissioned United States Marine Corps aircraft squadrons
Flyboys: A True Story of Courage
References
Notes
Bibliography
Crowder, Michael J. (2000). United States Marine Corps Aviation Squadron Lineage, Insignia & History - Volume One - The Fighter Squadrons. Turner Publishing Company. .
Sherrod, Robert. (1952). History of Marine Corps Aviation in World War II. Combat Forces Press. .
Web
Fighting123
Inactive units of the United States Marine Corps
Lieutenant-Colonel Patrick Duff Tytler FRSE (1760–1849) was an 18th-century Scottish soldier who oversaw Stirling Castle.
Life
They were born in the spring of 1760 in or near Edinburgh the son of William Tytler and their wife, Anne Craig of Costerton.
Trained as a career soldier they joined as an Ensign in the 57th Regiment of Foot and was dispatched to fight in the American War of Independence in 1776 under Lord Cornwallis. They were stationed on Long Island under Sir William Howe. They saw action at the Battle of Brooklyn in August 1776. They purchased a lieutenancy and led troops in the Battle of Monmouth Courthouse against Washington in June 1778. Their battalion was then placed under overall command of Sir Charles Grey and attacked the village of Topan. During this attack they personally captured Washington's aide-de-camp Captain Randolph. Randolph was later released, and Tytler later encountered them when he, himself, was captured. This led to them having breakfast with George Washington, whom they greatly admired. They also took place in the Battle of Jamestown and at Fort Montgomery.
After the peace of 1782 they transferred to the 56th Regiment at the rank of Major. In 1793 they became aide-de-camp to Sir Ralph Abercrombie and fought with them in the Netherlands campaign. In Flanders they fought in the Battle of Cambray and Battle of Famars in May 1793. They were soon after promoted to Colonel in Lord Elgin's Fencibles.
They were Fort Major of Stirling Castle during the Napoleonic Wars until around 1805. In the early 19th century they became Assistant Quarter Master General for Scotland and relocated to Edinburgh. Although their official duties were at Edinburgh Castle they lived off-site with their family firstly at 3 Charlotte Street (off Princes Street), then at 11 Melville Street in Edinburgh's West End.
They were elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh in 1814 and resigned in 1836. They were still living at 11 Melville Street.
They died at their son-in-law's estate, Ardona in Clackmannanshire (near Alva) on 14 March 1849 aged 89.  They are buried in the grave of their father-in-law, Lord Alva, in St Cuthbert's churchyard at the west end of Princes Street in Edinburgh.
Their will is held by the National Archive in Kew.
Family
They were married to Isabella Erskine, daughter of James Erskine, Lord Alva (one of their father's legal colleagues). Their children included Anne, William and Elizabeth Glencairn Tytler. The latter married Sir Archibald Alison, 1st Baronet. Anne married Berkeley Buckingham Stafford (1797–1847) (High Sheriff of Louth in 1828), the father of Sir Edward Stafford (1819–1901), who served three terms as the Prime Minister of New Zealand.
They were younger brother to Alexander Fraser Tytler, Lord Woodhouselee and uncle to their sons, Patrick Fraser Tytler and James Fraser Tytler.
References
1760 births
1849 deaths
Military personnel from Edinburgh
57th Regiment of Foot officers
Fellows of the Royal Society of Edinburgh
British Army personnel of the American Revolutionary War
56th Regiment of Foot officers
British Fencibles officers
British Army personnel of the Napoleonic Wars
The 2021 Fanatec GT World Challenge Europe Powered by AWS was the eighth season of GT World Challenge Europe. The season began at Monza on 18 April and ended at Barcelona on 10 October.
The season consisted of 10 events: 5 Sprint Cup events, and 5 Endurance Cup events. The season also had 2 Official Test Days.
Calendar
The provisional calendar was released on 4 September 2020 with two unconfirmed rounds.
The calendar was updated on 23 October 2020, with the final calendar being released on 11 December 2020.
The Brands Hatch round was rescheduled from May to August.
Race Results
Bold indicates overall winner.
Championship standings
Scoring system
Championship points are awarded for the first ten positions in each race. The pole-sitter also receives one point and entries are required to complete 75% of the winning car's race distance in order to be classified and earn points. Individual drivers are required to participate for a minimum of 25 minutes in order to earn championship points in any race.
Sprint Cup points
Endurance Cup points
Paul Ricard points
24 Hours of Spa points
Points are awarded after six hours, after twelve hours and at the finish.
Drivers' championships
Overall
See also
2021 GT World Challenge Europe Endurance Cup
2021 GT World Challenge Europe Sprint Cup
2021 GT World Challenge Asia
2021 GT World Challenge America
2021 GT World Challenge Australia
References
External links
2021 GT World Challenge Europe
GT World Challenge Europe
GT World
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer is a Hong Kong wuxia television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel of the same title, starring Chow Yun-fat and Rebecca Chan. It was first broadcast on TVB Jade in Hong Kong from in 1984.
Cast
Note: Some of the characters' names are in Cantonese romanisation.
Chow Yun-fat as Ling-wu Chung
Rebecca Chan as Yam Ying-ying
Jaime Chik as Ngok Ling-san
Kenneth Tsang as Ngok But-kwan
Stephen Tung as Lam Ping-chi
Bak Yan as Ning Chung-chak
Kong Ngai as Dong-fong Bat-bai
Lau Siu-ming as Yam Ngor-hang
Lau Kong as Fung Ching-yeung
Lau Dan as Tin Bak-kwong
Isabella Wong as Yee-lam
Yeung Chak-lam as Tso Lang-sim
Chan Fuk-sang as Lam Fung-wong
Kwan Hoi-san as Lam Chan-nam
Nam Hong as Lam Chan-nam's wife
Simon Yam as Lau Ching-fung
Ma Chung-tak as Heung Man-tin
Felix Lok as Yu Chong-hoi
Andy Doi as Lo Duk-lok
Shih Kien as Wong Yuen-ba
Bonnie Wong as Ding-yik
Soh Hang-suen as Ding-yin
Pui Wan as Ding-ching
Bak Man-biu as Fong-ching
Yu Tze-ming as Chung-heoi
Chun Wong as Muk Ko-fung
Cheng Siu-ping as Mute Granny
Tam Chuen-hing as Yeung Lin-ting
Kam Kwok-wai as Kuk Yeung
Law Kwok-wai as Ping Yat-chi
Yip Tin-hang as Monk Bat-kei
Chu Siu-bo as Kuk Fei-yin
Lau Kwok-shing as Luk-juk-yung
Oscar Lam as Cheung-ching-tze
Ng Yip-kwong as Tin-mun
Ko Hung as Mok Dai
Ng Man-tat as Wong Chung-gung
Lam Man-wai as Hak-bak-tze
Mak Ho-wai as Tou-bat-yung
Tsui Kwong-lam as Dan-ching-sang
Sandra Ng as Cousin Kwan
Bobby Tsang as Luk Dai-yau
Chu Kong as Lou-tau-tze
Kwok Fung as Tso Chin-chau
Lo Kwok-wai as Gai Mo-sze
Eddie Kwan as Heung Dai-nin
Sean Lau as Mai Wai-yi
Bobby Au-yeung as Yu Chong-hoi's son
Lawrence Ng as Lau Ching-fung's son
Kiki Sheung as Lau Ching-fung's daughter
Wong Chung-tze as Wong Ka-chun
Wilson Lam as Wong Ka-keoi
Ho Bik-kin as Master Yik
Albert Law as Lam Yuen-to
Kwan Ching as Ngok So
Wong Yat-fei as Choi Tze-fung
Chu Tit-wo as Sheung-koon Wun
Lam Tin as Tung Bak-hung
Ho Kwong-lun, Long Tin-sang, Chan Kwok-kuen, Chan Dik-hak, Chun Hung and Cheng Fan-sang as the Six Immortals of the Peach Valley
External links
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer at the Chinese Movie Database
TVB dramas
Works based on The Smiling, Proud Wanderer
Hong Kong wuxia television series
Martial arts television series
Hong Kong action television series
1984 Hong Kong television series debuts
1984 Hong Kong television series endings
Television series set in Imperial China
Cantonese-language television shows
Television shows based on works by Jin Yong
Mohamed Taabouni (born 29 March 2002) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Feyenoord in Eredivisie.
Career
Mohamed Taabouni began their youth career with Olympia Haarlem before joining the AZ Alkmaar youth academy in 2013. On July 1, 2022, Feyenoord announced that they had signed Taabouni to a two year deal with a third year option on a free transfer from AZ.
Personal life
Born in the Netherlands, Taabouni is of Moroccan descent.
Honours
Netherlands U17
UEFA European Under-17 Championship: 2019
References
External links
Career stats - Voetbal International
2002 births
Living people
Footballers from Haarlem
Dutch footballers
Netherlands youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
Eerste Divisie players
Eredivisie players
Jong AZ players
AZ Alkmaar players
Feyenoord players
Dutch sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Yongguang (永光) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Yongguang (43BC–39BC), an era name used by Emperor Yuan of Han
Yongguang (465), an era name used by Liu Ziye, emperor of Liu Song
Paul Andrew O'Neill (born February 25, 1963) is an American former baseball right fielder who played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). They played for the Cincinnati Reds (1985–1992) and New York Yankees (1993–2001). O'Neill compiled 281 home runs, 1,269 runs batted in, 2,107 hits, and a lifetime batting average of .288. They won the American League batting title in 1994 with a .359 average. They were a five-time World Series champion and a five-time All-Star (1991, 1994, 1995, 1997, and 1998).
O'Neill is the only player to have played on the winning team in three perfect games. They were in right field for the Reds for Tom Browning's perfect game in 1988. They caught the final out (a fly ball) in the Yankees' David Wells' perfect game in 1998, and they made a diving catch in right field and doubled to help the Yankees win David Cone's perfect game in 1999.
After retiring from playing baseball, O'Neill became a broadcaster for the Yankees on the YES Network. They currently work on the network as the lead game analyst and color commentator.
Early life
A native of Columbus, Ohio, O'Neill and their family were fans of the Cincinnati Reds. Their older sister was Molly O'Neill (1952-2019), a chef, cookbook author, and food writer for The New York Times.
O'Neill attended Brookhaven High School.
They played baseball and basketball. In basketball, O'Neill earned all-state honors in their senior year 1981 and Central District Player of the Year.
Playing career
Draft
O'Neill was drafted by the Reds in the fourth round of the 1981 Major League Baseball draft.
Cincinnati Reds (1985–1992)
O'Neill made their major-league debut on September 3, 1985, and singled in their first at-bat. For the rest of the 1985 season, O'Neill played in five games with four hits and one RBI. They spent most of the 1986 season in the minors. They played only in three games with the Major League team during 1986 and did not get a hit in the majors that year. O'Neill split their time between the minors and the Major League team in 1987. They appeared in 84 games for the Reds that year, batting .256 with seven home runs and 28 RBI.
In 1988, their first full season with the Reds, O'Neill played 145 games, batting .252 with 16 home runs and 73 RBIs. O'Neill played 117 games in 1989 batting .276 with 15 home runs and 74 RBI.
In 1989, O'Neill had a similar stat line, batting .276 on the year with 15 home runs and 74 RBIs. On July 5th, they famously kicked a ball back into the infield after they bobbled it in shallow right, preventing a runner from second from scoring on the play (a single). The play is referenced on their Baseball-Reference page, where their characteristics are listed as "Bats: Left, Throws: Left, Kicks: Left".
In 1990, O'Neill played in 145 games batting .270 with 16 home runs and 78 RBI. O'Neill batted .277 during the 1990 postseason with a home run and 5 RBI as the Reds won the World Series over the Oakland Athletics. O'Neill clashed with Reds manager Lou Piniella, who wanted O'Neill to change their swing to hit more home runs. In response to the clash, O'Neill improved greatly in 1991 by playing 152 games with a career high of 28 home runs. They batted .256 with 91 RBI as well. In their final season as a member of the Reds, O'Neill played in 148 games batting .246 with 14 home runs and 66 RBI.
New York Yankees (1993–2001)
On November 3, 1992, the Reds traded O'Neill to the Yankees for Roberto Kelly. In their first season as a Yankee, O'Neill played 141 games batting .311 with 20 home runs and 75 RBIs.
During the strike-shortened 1994 season, O'Neill played 103 games with a .359 batting average, 21 home runs, and 83 RBIs which led them to be selected to their second All-Star game. O'Neill won the batting title, and the Yankees led the East division by six and a half games when the players' strike ended the season. They signed a four-year, $19 million contract. In 1995, O'Neill played in 127 games batting .300 with 22 home runs, 96 RBIs, and an MLB-leading 25 double plays committed. They led the Yankees to the postseason for the first time since 1981, but they lost to the Seattle Mariners in the division series despite winning the first 2 games.
On April 30, 1996, O'Neill hit a long home run to Eutaw Street off of Arthur Rhodes while playing at Oriole Park at Camden Yards. O'Neill famously was their own toughest critic, seemingly never satisfied with their own performance and known for their emotion on the field; when disappointed with their performance or angry with an umpire's decision they would attack water coolers or toss bats on the field. Their tirades were both praised and criticized by the media and fans. O'Neill was involved in a brawl with Seattle catcher John Marzano. O'Neill had complained to the umpire that the previous pitch was high and inside. Marzano then hit the much bigger Paul O'Neill with a haymaker. The two grappled, and the benches cleared. During the 1996 season, O'Neill played in 150 games batting .302, 19 home runs, 91 RBIs, and a career-high 102 walks. They ended Game 5 of the 1996 World Series by robbing former Yankee teammate Luis Polonia of the Atlanta Braves of an extra-base hit, preserving a 1–0 victory for the Yankees. The Yankees would then win the series, which was their first World Series championship since 1978.
In 1997, O'Neill played in 149 games batting .324 with 21 home runs and 117 RBIs. They led the Yankees into the postseason again, batting .421 with two home runs and seven RBIs but lost the division series to the Cleveland Indians. In 1998, O'Neill played in 152 games batting .317 with 24 home runs and 116 RBIs. They led the AL by grounding into 22 double plays. O'Neill led the Yankees into the World Series where they won against the San Diego Padres in a 4-game sweep and helped the team win a record 125 games. In 1999, O'Neill played in 153 games batting .285 with 19 home runs and 110 RBIs. O'Neill played Game 4 of the 1999 World Series just hours after their father died. The Yankees eventually won the game and swept the Braves to win their 25th World Series Championship.
In 2000, O'Neill played in 142 games batting .283 with 18 home runs and 100 RBIs. They led the Yankees into the postseason again, who won the World Series over the New York Mets. In 2001, O'Neill played in 137 games batting .267 with 21 home runs and 70 RBIs. In Game 5 of the 2001 World Series, O'Neill received a sendoff from New York fans. While standing in right field in the 9th inning with the Yankees down 2–0, the entire stadium chanted their name. When the inning ended, O'Neill was still being cheered. With tears in their eyes, they tipped their cap, and another roar went up from the crowd at Yankee Stadium. The Yankees won the game 3–2, but lost the series 4 games to 3.
Legacy
O'Neill is fondly remembered by Yankee fans as the "heart and soul" of the team's dynasty in the 1990s. Yankee owner George Steinbrenner also labeled them as a "Warrior." They were given this nickname due to their passion and love for the game.
Since their retirement after the 2001 World Series, their number 21 was only worn once, when relief pitcher LaTroy Hawkins briefly wore the number to start the 2008 season. On April 16, 2008, Hawkins switched to number 22 in response to the criticism they received by many Yankee fans. Following an announcement on February 22, 2022, the Yankees retired O'Neill's number 21 on August 21, 2022, at Yankee Stadium. Because O'Neill has not been vaccinated against COVID-19, the team had to make changes to the retirement ceremony to comply with its health protocols: no current Yankees could join O'Neill on the field, for example, and it was unclear whether they could visit any of the broadcast booths during the game.
The Yankees honored O'Neill with a plaque in Monument Park on August 9, 2014.
In 2022, O'Neill released Swing and a Hit: Nine Innings of What Baseball Taught Me, written with Jack Curry.
Television
In 1995, while still a player for the Yankees, O'Neill had a cameo role on the NBC sitcom Seinfeld. In the episode "The Wink", Cosmo Kramer approaches O'Neill in the Yankees' locker room and says that they must hit two home runs in the next game to fulfill the wish of a sick little boy. In the ensuing game, which is entirely offscreen, O'Neill hits one home run and achieves an inside-the-park home run which is scored a triple due to the other team's error. Though "The Wink" was the fourth episode broadcast during Seinfelds seventh season, O'Neill's scene was the first scene filmed for that season.  They are also mentioned in the Friends episode "The One with Rachel's Big Kiss".
Broadcasting career (2002–present)
Starting after their retirement from baseball in 2001, O'Neill serves as an analyst on the New York Yankees Pre-Game Show and the New York Yankees Post-Game Show, as well as a color commentator for the YES Network. O'Neill returned to Ohio to live with their family.
On July 7, 2009, O'Neill was inducted into the Irish-American Baseball Hall of Fame (18 W. 33rd St. inside Foley's NY Pub & Restaurant) in New York City along with longtime Los Angeles Dodgers owner Walter O'Malley, broadcaster Vin Scully, former player Steve Garvey, umpire Jim Joyce, and blind sports reporter Ed Lucas.
Since the 2020 season, due to social distancing requirements related to the COVID-19 pandemic, O'Neill has participated in Yankees broadcasts remotely from a basement studio nicknamed "Studio 21" in their Ohio home. O'Neill continued to broadcast games remotely during the 2022 season; the New York Post reported that this is because they have not been vaccinated against COVID-19.
Personal life
O'Neill and their wife, Nevalee, were neighbors in Columbus. They have three children, and live in Montgomery, Ohio. Their nephew, Michael, also played baseball in the Yankees organization.
After retiring from their playing career, O'Neill authored a book entitled Me and My Dad: A Baseball Memoir. The book discusses their relationship with their father, who instilled in them a love for the game of baseball.
At a press conference in Jupiter, Florida in March 2016, O'Neill endorsed Donald Trump for president.
See also
List of Major League Baseball career home run leaders
List of Major League Baseball career hits leaders
List of Major League Baseball career doubles leaders
List of Major League Baseball career runs scored leaders
List of Major League Baseball career runs batted in leaders
List of Major League Baseball batting champions
References
External links
Official website
1963 births
Living people
National League All-Stars
American League All-Stars
Cincinnati Reds players
Baseball players from Columbus, Ohio
Baseball players from Cincinnati
Otterbein University alumni
Major League Baseball right fielders
New York Yankees announcers
New York Yankees players
Major League Baseball broadcasters
American League batting champions
YES Network
Billings Mustangs players
Cedar Rapids Reds players
Tampa Tarpons (1957–1987) players
Waterbury Reds players
Vermont Reds players
Denver Zephyrs players
Nashville Sounds players
Bridgeport Bluefish guest managers
Otrocz is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chrzanów, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately north-east of Janów Lubelski and south of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Otrocz
Kumar Deobrat Singh (born 24 October 1992) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jharkhand cricket team. Deobrat is a right-handed batsman. In January 2015, Deobrat became the captain of Jharkhand for all forms of the game, replacing Saurabh Tiwary at the position. Deobrat has represented Jharkhand at different age-group levels such as Under-16, Under-19, Under-22 and Under-25. During the 2011/12 season, they were a member of the India Under-19 cricket team. In September 2011, they were named the vice-captain of the India Under-19 team. They have been a member of East Zone cricket team since the 2013/14 season.
They were the leading run-scorer for Jharkhand in the 2018–19 Ranji Trophy, with 631 runs in seven matches.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Indian cricketers
Jharkhand cricketers
East Zone cricketers
People from Bokaro Steel City
Pat Harrison Waterway District (PHWD) is a Mississippi State Agency with headquarters in Hattiesburg. The agency was created in 1962 with a directive of flood control in southeastern and east central Mississippi.
History and mission
When the Waterway District was created in 1962, its main mission was flood control for rivers and their tributaries along the Pascagoula River Basin in southeastern and east central Mississippi. In addition to flood control, the agency's mission expanded to include water management and recreation. The District derives its name from Pat Harrison, who served Mississippi as U.S. Representative (1911–19) and Senator (1919-41).
Funding
Funding for PHWD comes from ad valorem taxes collected in member Counties, park recreation fees, timber sales, and interest from investments. PHWD is governed by an 18-member Board of Directors, with one Director appointed from each of the 15 member Counties and three Directors appointed by the Governor of Mississippi. Full-time employees are located at the central office in Hattiesburg and at the District's eight water parks.
Member counties
Originally, there were 15 Mississippi counties in the Pat Harrison Waterway District:
Clarke County
Covington County
Forrest County
George County
Greene County
Jackson County
Jasper County
Jones County
Lamar County
Lauderdale County
Newton County
Perry County
Smith County
Stone County
Wayne County
As of 2014, three counties (Forrest, Jasper, and Lamar) had withdrawn from the District.
In the summer of 2018, PHWD moved out of their 56-year-old office building located at 6081 U.S. Route 49 south, as part of a lawsuit settlement with Forrest County. In September 2018, Forrest County Board of Supervisors ordered the demolition of the county-owned building, including its distinctive mural on the front facade, to facilitate future road construction near Forrest General Hospital.
Water resources
Water resources in the Pascagoula River Basin, over which Pat Harrison Waterway District has jurisdiction, include:
Big Creek
Black Creek
Bogue Homa Lake
Bossie Creek
Buckatunna Creek
Chickasawhay River
Chunky River
Escatawpa River
Gains Creek
Leaf River
Little Black Creek
Okatoma Creek
Pascagoula River
Red Creek
Tallahalla Creek
Thompson Creek
Water parks
The agency oversees eight water parks with public amenities that include camp sites, boat launches, cabins, picnic areas, swimming areas, and meeting facilities.
Archusa Creek Water Park (Quitman, MS)
Big Creek Water Park (Soso, MS)
Dry Creek Water Park (Mount Olive, MS)
Dunns Falls Water Park (Enterprise, MS)
Flint Creek Water Park (Wiggins)
Maynor Creek Water Park (Waynesboro, MS)
Okatibbee Water Park (Meridian, MS)
Turkey Creek Water Park (Decatur, MS)
Little Black Creek Water Park (Lumberton, MS) was formerly managed by PHWD, but was leased to a private developer in 2013.
References
State agencies of Mississippi
Parks in Mississippi
Environment of Mississippi
Government agencies established in 1962
1962 establishments in Mississippi
Robert B. Barnett (born August 26, 1946) is an American lawyer who is a partner at the law firm Williams & Connolly.
Family, early life, and education
Robert Bruce Barnett was born to a Jewish family on August 26, 1946, in Waukegan, Illinois, the son of Betty and Bernard Barnett. Their father ran the Waukegan office of the Social Security Administration and had a popular call-in radio show that offered advice on federal retirement benefits. In 1964, they graduated from Waukegan High School where they served as senior class president. In 1968, they graduated with a bachelor's degree in political science from the University of Wisconsin-Madison (where they were a member of Pi Lambda Phi fraternity) and in 1971, they graduated with a J.D. degree from the University of Chicago where they were comment editor for the University of Chicago Law Review.
On April 10, 1972, they married Rita Braver whom they met while in college. They have a daughter, Meredith Jane Barnett (born 1978); Meredith married Dr. Daniel Ross Penn, April 6, 2008.
Career
After school, they clerked for John Minor Wisdom in New Orleans (where they married Rita Braver who accepted a job at CBS affiliate WWL-TV). In 1972, the couple moved to Washington, D.C. where they clerked for Supreme Court justice Byron White (replacing David E. Kendall) and their wife became a news-desk editor at the CBS News bureau. After their one-year clerkship, they accepted a position as aide to Minnesota Senator Walter Mondale who assigned them the task of soliciting support for legislation to curb filibusters. They became close friends with fellow Mondale aide Michael Berman.
In 1975, they were hired by Joseph A. Califano Jr. and joined the law firm of Williams, Connolly & Califano. Soon after, Mondale was chosen as Jimmy Carter's presidential running mate and Barnett took a leave of absence from their law firm and went to Atlanta to help run Carter's campaign. After Carter's win, Barnett returned to their law practice. They made a name for themselves defending white-collar clients including Toyota distributor, Jim Moran and former head of Fannie Mae, Franklin Raines. In 1984, Barnett helped to prep Mondale's running mate, Geraldine Ferraro, for their debate against George H. W. Bush; and defended them from accusations about their husband's alleged Mob affiliations and questionable tax returns. They also represented David Stockman and Kitty Dukakis, helping both to secure lucrative contracts with book publishers. In 1992, they again served as a debate coach this time for Bill Clinton in their successful presidential campaign. Returning to private practice, they found many customers eager to have them represent them in securing lucrative contracts and advances for their books, including Secretary of State James Baker; former Vice President Dan Quayle and that of their wife Marilyn Quayle; and James Carville and their wife Mary Matalin. They also expanded into representing television news people in contract negotiations including their wife, Rita Braver, Susan Mercandetti, Robin Lloyd, Chris Wallace, Andrea Mitchell, Brit Hume, Wolf Blitzer, and Ann Curry.
In 1992, they became the personal attorney of Hillary Clinton (per their memoir) and assisted the Clintons when their aide Vince Foster committed suicide. After criticism arose as to whether it was appropriate for Barnett to represent so many newscasters and journalists who were reporting on the White House while also serving as lawyer to the Clintons; Barnett resigned from representing the Clintons turning their work over to fellow Williams, Connolly & Califano attorney David E. Kendall. They represented George Stephanopoulos in an incriminating book about the Clintons. In 1997, after their wife resigned from CBS, they went back to representing the Clintons, and helped to negotiate the sale of their post-presidential memoirs; and helped former Clinton officials to secure new employment (Donna Shalala as president of the University of Miami and Lawrence Summers as president of Harvard University. They also represented Dick Cheney, Laura Bush, Jenna Bush, George Tenet, Alan Greenspan, and Tony Blair in securing book contracts and advances with publishers. In December 2000, they auctioned Hillary Clinton's memoirs to Simon & Schuster for $8 million - then the 2nd-largest advance ever paid for a nonfiction title; and followed it in August 2001 with Bill Clinton's memoirs for $10 million, the largest nonfiction advance to date. They later secured multimillion-dollar book deals for Tim Russert; Edward Kennedy; Karl Rove (purchased by former client Mary Maitlin); and in 2004, Barack Obama with the reissuance of Dreams From My Father and sell The Audacity of Hope and Change We Can Believe In. Despite this, they remained a Hillary Clinton supporter and assisted them preparing for all their debates against Obama. Barnett prided themselves on representing clients regardless of political affiliation and also assisted outgoing Republican officials Karen Hughes and Ari Fleischer in finding new positions.
They also served as a practice debate opponent for many Democratic presidential and vice-presidential candidates.
See also
Barack Obama Supreme Court candidates
List of law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States (Seat 6)
References
Further reading
Eisler, Kim. "Bob Barnett: Master of the Game", The Washingtonian, December 1, 2008.
1946 births
American lawyers
Jewish American attorneys
American political consultants
Law clerks of the Supreme Court of the United States
Living people
People from Waukegan, Illinois
University of Chicago Law School alumni
University of Wisconsin–Madison College of Letters and Science alumni
21st-century American Jews
Union syndicale des travailleurs de Tunisie (abbreviated USTT) was a central trade union organisation in Tunisia. Founded in 1946, as the Tunisian branch of the French trade union confederation CGT separated itself from the mother organization. Hassen Saadaoui was the chairperson of USTT.
In September 1956 USTT dissolved itself, and called upon its members to join the UGTT.
References
1946 establishments in Tunisia
Defunct trade unions of Tunisia
Trade unions established in 1946
Trade unions disestablished in 1956
Wartenberg-Rohrbach is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Donnersbergkreis
Headquarters Wales was a district command of the British Army from 1967 and 1991.
History
The district was formed from 53rd (Welsh) Infantry Division as part of the Territorial Army Volunteer Reserve in 1967. It had its headquarters at The Barracks, Brecon, and was placed under the command of HQ UK Land Forces in 1972. In 1991, the first of the minor districts to be amalgamated were North West District, the former West Midlands District (by then Western District) and Wales, to form a new Wales and Western District. It was disbanded again on the formation of HQ Land Command in 1995.
Commanders
General officers commanding included:
Headquarter Wales
1967–1968 Major-General Douglas Darling
1968–1970 Major-General Jeremy Spencer-Smith
1970–1973 Major-General John Woodrow
1973–1976 Major-General Peter Leuchars
1976–1978 Major-General John Graham
1978–1980 Major-General Arthur Stewart-Cox
1980–1983 Major-General Lennox Napier
1983–1985 Major-General Peter Chiswell
1985–1987 Major-General Peter de la Billière
1987–1990 Major-General Morgan Llewellyn
1990–1991 Major-General Peter Davies
Wales and Western District
1991–1994 Major-General Michael Regan
1994–1995 Major-General Ian Freer
References
Districts of the British Army
Military units and formations established in 1967
Military units and formations disestablished in 1995
Chris Nieratko (born February 19, 1976) is an American humorist and author. Nieratko is a past editor of Big Brother magazine, and currently reviews pornographic films for Vice magazine, as well as being the author of the related Skinema book. They also appeared in 2 episodes of MTV's Jackass in 2000, and in the 2017 documentary titled Dumb: The Story of Big Brother Magazine. They made an appearance in Bam Margera's episode of the TV documentary Epicly Later'd, which aired on Vice in 2017. They have their own skateshop in Jersey City, New Jersey.
References
External links
Chrisnieratko.com, the official website of Chris Nieratko
Chris Nieratko's Official Myspace
Official Myspace of the NJ Skateshop
Living people
1976 births
Place of birth missing (living people)
Writers from New Jersey
American film critics
American magazine editors
American humorists
Monticello High School is an accredited public high school located in the rural community of Monticello, Arkansas, United States. The school provides comprehensive secondary education for approximately 600 students each year in grades 9 through 12. It is one of two public high schools in Drew County, Arkansas and the only high school administered by the Monticello School District.
Academics
Monticello High School is accredited by the Arkansas Department of Education (ADE) and is accredited as a charter member since 1924 of AdvancED (formerly North Central Association). The assumed course of study follows the Smart Core curriculum developed by the ADE, which requires students to complete 22 units prior to graduation. Students complete regular (core and elective) and career focus coursework and exams and may take Advanced Placement (AP) courses and exams with the opportunity to receive college credit. Students completing at least 24 units of credit may be eligible for recognition as Honor Diploma, Honor Graduate, and Distinguished Honor Graduate, based on progressively higher grade point average (GPA) scores. The district and high school are members of the Southeast Arkansas (SEARK) Education Service Cooperative.
Athletics
The Monticello High School mascot and athletic emblem are the Billies (referring to the Billy goat) with blue and white serving as the school colors.
For 2012–14, the Monticello Billies compete in interscholastic activities within the 4A Classification via the 4A Region 8 Conference, as administered by the Arkansas Activities Association. The Billies participate in football, golf (boys/girls), cross-country (boys/girls), speech, debate, basketball (boys/girls), cheer, dance, baseball, softball, tennis (boys/girls), and track and field (boys/girls).
Football: The boys varsity team won the state champion in 2009–10.
Golf: The boys golf team won the state champion in 1953–54.
Cross Country: In 2012, a Monticello student-athlete won the individual girls' cross-country state championship.
References
External links
Public high schools in Arkansas
Schools in Drew County, Arkansas
Metidae is a family of copepods belonging to the order Harpacticoida.
Genera:
Ilyopsilla
Lauberia
Laubieria Soyer, 1966
Metis Philippi, 1843
References
Copepods
Down in the Delta is a 1998 American-Canadian drama film, directed by Maya Angelou in their sole film directorial effort and starring Alfre Woodard, Al Freeman, Jr., Esther Rolle (in their final film appearance before their death), Loretta Devine, and Wesley Snipes.
Plot
Rosa Lynn Sinclair, an elderly woman, lives in a Chicago housing project with their daughter Loretta and their two grandchildren, four-year-old Tracy (who is autistic) and thirteen–year-old Thomas. Disappointed in Loretta's life choices and afraid of the troubled circumstances surrounding their grandson Thomas, Rosa Lynn decides to send their daughter and grandchildren to visit with their brother-in-law in Mississippi for the summer.
Loretta, a drug addict, declines to go, especially since their uncle Earl lives in the dry and rural part of Mississippi and already juggles their business and a wife, Annie, who has Alzheimer's disease and is being cared for by a housekeeper. Before they depart, Rosa Lynn pawns a silver candelabra, a family heirloom they refer to as "Nathan", the name of their slave ancestor. Exiting the pawn shop, Loretta throws the pawn ticket in a wastebasket, but then retrieves it, intending to redeem Nathan later for drugs.
Earl, a wise man of few words, welcomes the trio to rural Mississippi. Earl puts Loretta to work in their chicken joint, Just Chicken, where they initially have trouble handling the work and the demands of a schedule. Eventually, however, the family begin to find strength in their roots, and start to rebuild their lives, with Thomas teaching Loretta enough arithmetic to be able to waiter and thus make more in tips, Loretta becoming friendly with a nice local customer named Carl (Nigel Shawn Williams), and Tracy actually saying their first words.
While a few calamities ensue, one involving Earl teaching Thomas about guns and the other when Annie wanders outside unsupervised, by the end of the summer the initially sullen Loretta decides to stay on and make their life in the delta. In the final scene, Earl reveals that Loretta's great-great-grandfather, a slave named Nathan, was traded for the silver candelabra. Nathan's son Jesse stole back the candelabra, which has since been passed through the generations, along with Nathan's story.
Cast
Alfre Woodard as Loretta Sinclair
Al Freeman Jr. as Earl Sinclair
Esther Rolle as Annie Sinclair
Mary Alice as Rosa Lynn Sinclair
Loretta Devine as Zenia
Wesley Snipes as Will Sinclair
Anne-Marie Johnson as Monica Sinclair
Mpho Koaho as Thomas Sinclair
Justin Lord as Dr. Rainey
Kulani Hassen as Tracy Sinclair
Sandra Caldwell as Volunteer
Colleen Williams as Tourist Woman
Richard Blackburn as Tourist Man
Philip Akin as Manager
Mary Fallick as Drug Addict
Sandi Ross as Pawnbroker
Barbara Barnes-Hopkins as Prim Woman
Richard Yearwood as Marco
Troy Seivwright-Adams as Collin
Kevin Duhaney as Justin
Music
The following soundtrack was released by Virgin Records.
"Believe in Love" - Sunday (featuring Whitney Houston)
"God's Stepchild" - Janet Jackson
"Heaven Must Be Like This" - D'Angelo
"If Ever" - Stevie Wonder
"Where Would I Be" - The Leverts (Eddie, Gerald, and Sean)
"I'm Only Human" - Luther Vandross (featuring Cassandra Wilson and Bob James)
"Just A Little Luv" - Shawn Stockman
"We Belong Together" - Tony Thompson And Antoinette
"Don't Talk 2 Strangers" - Chaka Khan
"Let It Go" - Jazzyfatnastees featuring The Roots
"My Soul Don't Dream" - Meshell N'degeocello & Keb' Mo'
"Uh Uh Ooh Ooh Look Out Here It Comes" - Ashford & Simpson
"Don't Let Nuthin' Keep You Down" - Sounds of Blackness
"Family (Score)" - Stanley Clarke
"The Rain" - Tracie Spencer
"Patchwork Quilt" - Sweet Honey in the Rock
Reception
Box office
The film was successful on limited release.
Critical response
Alfre Woodard's work drew praise from San Francisco Chronicle reviewer Peter Stack, who lauded them for "a beautifully layered performance...Woodard is magical as a single mother haunted by drugs, alcohol and an inadequate education. They almost single-handedly shores up this somewhat simplistic movie...[h]er instincts for drama and humor provide a welcome dose of human reality, saving a script that veers toward the sentimental."
References
External links
1998 films
1998 drama films
African-American drama films
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
Films produced by Wesley Snipes
Films scored by Stanley Clarke
Films set in Chicago
Films set in Mississippi
Films shot in Toronto
Films directed by Maya Angelou
1998 directorial debut films
1990s English-language films
1990s American films
1990s Canadian films
The Cedar Creek District, also known as the Cedar Creek Locality Archaeological Site, is a Pleistocene archaeological site near Carnegie, Washita County, Oklahoma. The site was inhabited by early humans during the late Pleistocene; these humans used stone tools to hunt herd animals in the area. Artifacts recovered from the site include projectile points, a mammoth skeleton, and fireplace lenses. At the time of its discovery, it was the sole known Pleistocene habitation site in the eastern Great Plains.
The site was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29, 1975.
References
External links
Cedar Creek Locality Archaeological Site at the Oklahoma State Historic Preservation Office website
Archaeological sites on the National Register of Historic Places in Oklahoma
Geography of Washita County, Oklahoma
Paleo-Indian archaeological sites in the United States
National Register of Historic Places in Washita County, Oklahoma
Qullqi Mach'ay (Quechua qullqi silver, mach'ay cave, "silver cave", hispanicized spelling Culquimachay) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches an altitude of approximately . It is located in the Junín Region, Yauli Province, Carhuacayan District. Qullqi Mach'ay lies southwest of the lake named Waskhaqucha.
References
Mountains of Peru
Mountains of Junín Region
Turning Point is a 2009 Hong Kong action crime thriller film directed by Herman Yau and starring Michael Tse in the title role of "Laughing Gor" and co-starring veteran actors Francis Ng and Anthony Wong. Released in Hong Kong on 13 August 2009, this is the first film to be produced by Shaw Brothers since 2003's Drunken Monkey.
Michael Tse's performance as "Laughing Gor" in the TVB television serial E.U was well received, and due to their popularity, TVB general manager Stephen Chan Chi-wan, during an interview with Tse in Be My Guest on 1 April 2009, announced that a prequel/spin-off featuring "Laughing Gor" would be made and presented Tse a contract for the film.
Plot
The story takes place before the early year of 2000 when Laughing (Michael Tse) is an undercover cop, but because of a drug case, Inspector Poon (Felix Wong) has been trying to track them down.
Laughing is supposedly an undercover cop who has infiltrated a triad organization. However, before they became a cop, Laughing was a member of the triads and worked for the triad leader Lai Tin-yat, aka Brother One (Anthony Wong). Brother was very good to Laughing, and Laughing looked up to them as their elder brother. In order to strengthen their business and illegal activities, Brother One arranges for Laughing to join the Police Force and become their mole to gather information about the plans and counter-plans for operations by the police.
Laughing graduated from Police Academy with outstanding results but before they were assigned to a post as a police officer, their "bad boy" image attracted the attention of the Head of District Anti-Triad Squad, Superintendent Sin (Yuen Biao) who arranges their assignment as an undercover cop to infiltrate the mob syndicate.
Laughing is now a "double" agent. Brother One was happy with this turn of events as Laughing was assigned to infiltrate the mob of their triad rival sibling Zatoi (Francis Ng), who tries to make life difficult for Laughing. To further complicate the situation, Laughing falls in love with Zatoi's sister, Karen (Fala Chen).
How will Laughing contend with the law, the triad brotherhood, and their love affair? No matter which camp they side with, they are doomed to be a traitor to the other. Which path will Laugh ultimately choose to follow?
Cast
Ching Hing Society (Brother One's Gang)
Anthony Wong as Lai Tin-yat (黎天一), nicknamed Brother One (一哥), the main antagonist of the film, a former undercover cop who is now one of the leaders of Ching Hing Society and the nemesis of Zatoi. Brother One takes Laughing under their wing and plants them as a mole in the police force, only for Laughing's handler, Superintendent Sin, to plant them undercover into Ching Hing Society.
Michael Tse as Leung Siu-tong (梁笑棠), nicknamed Laughing, the main protagonist of the film, a store clerk who becomes Brother One's underling after the latter saved them from robbers. Laughing was later planted by Brother One as a mole into the police force, only for Superintednent Sin to assign them on as an undercover cop in Ching Hing Society, working as a double-undercover, eventually turning against Brother One.
Kenny Wong as Cheh Chai (車仔), one of Brother One's underlings who are actually an undercover cop (PC4278).
Dickson Wong as one of Brother One's underlings.
Oscar Leung as Siu-lung (小龍), Laughing's underling.
Tracy Ip as one of Brother One's underling who is also their lawyer.
Lorretta Chow as one of Brother One's girlfriends.
Koni Lui as one of Brother One's girlfriends who are also their accountant.
Sherry Chen as one of Brother One's girlfriends.
Lin Chi-hung as one of Laughing's underlings after they become a triad leader in their second undercover mission.
Chow Chi-ho as one of Laughing's underlings after they become a triad leader in their second undercover mission.
Ching Hing Society (Zatoi's Gang)
Francis Ng as Zatoi (座頭), a leader of the Ching Hing Society and Brother One's nemesis. They victimize Laughing after discovering them dating their young sister, Karen, although Zatoi later helps Laughing and Karen escape when the former was marked for death by Brother One.
Johnson Lee as Child (阿巢), one of Zatoi's underlings who work as Brother One's mole.
Ngo Ka-nin as No Fight (撈輝), one of Zatoi's underlings.
Edwin Siu as Zatoi's lawyer.
Fala Chen as Karen, Zatoi's younger sister, who is a college student. Zatoi is very protective of Karen and was enraged to find out they were dating Laughing, a triad member.
Ching Hing Society (The Elders)
Eric Tsang as Master Ford (福爺), one of the main leaders of Chin Hing Society.
Lee Ka-ting as Master Ting (鼎爺), one of the main leaders of Chin Hing Society.
Police unit
Yuen Biao as Superintendent Sin (冼Sir), superintendent of the Organised Crime & Triad Bureau (OCTB) and Laughing's undercover handler.
Felix Wong as Poon Man-kei (潘文基), senior inspector of OCTB who has been tracking Brother One and Laughing for years.
Wayne Lai as Mo (阿武), station sergeant of OCTB.
Tai Chi-wai as Laughing's instructor in the police academy.
Ron Ng as a police constable (PC26168) whom Laughing humiliates near end of the film.
Sammul Chan as a police constable (PC32017) whom Laughing humiliates near end of the film.
Benjamin Yuen as an OCTB officer.
Matthew Ko as an OCTB officer.
Anna Yau as Superintendent Sin's wife.
Other
Sung Poon-chung as a robber who attempted to rob Laughing while the latter was working as a clerk in a convenience store.
Lai Tung-hong as a killer sent by Ching Hing Society after Laughing
Alan Chui Chung-San as Master Da, a Taiwanese drug dealer with whom Brother One collaborates and speaks Hokkien.
Wong So-fun as Amy, a restaurant waiter.
Release
Due to Laughing's character already flavoured among local audiences, the film performed outstanding in Hong Kong's Box office, earning $675,295 in 35 screenings with $19,294 per average topping the charts during its opening weekend. Till today, the film finally grossed US$2,020,712 (HK 15.7 million), one of the four domestic films to be placing into the top 10 in the summer.
Conflicts between E.U. and Turning Point
The production company that produced Turning Point made the unusual decision to exclude the very story writers of E.U. to have another group to fill in Laughing's prequel story. Due to the lack of consideration of canon, a series of plot conflicts between the series and movie were revealed. Most of the established lore of Laughing in E.U. were ignored and replaced by an alternate reality timeline of Laughing's life as an undercover cop:
Laughing was shown to join the police academy for their idealism for justice and honor. Their motivations also convinced their girlfriend, Wendy, to also join the academy to become good peacekeepers; the movie replaces their original undercover recruiter, officer Kwok Pui, with officer Sin. Wendy's involvement in E.U.''' was ignored in the movie.
Laughing's diary clearly mentions their 10-year stint undercover was largely involved in To Yik-tin's triad to expose their activities; the film mentions their involvement with another triad that greatly conflicts with the time-line within their diary.
The movie revolves more of Laughing's life as an underling rather than a gang boss.
The 5 dollar HK coin Laughing was given to them by Brother One, but in E.U. it was just an ordinary coin Laughing was going to give Wendy just to buy a drink.
In E.U. it was said that Laughing had never killed anyone but in Turning Point they killed their boss Brother One.
In E.U. when Laughing met Hau, they were bald, but in Turning Point they aren't.
Accolades
Note: Wang Po-chieh's original nomination for the Best New Performer for Bodyguards and Assassins was withdrawn after they were confirmed to be an actor in the 2008 Taiwan film Winds of September. Their nomination was replaced by Fala Chen.
Sequels
On 1 August 2011, Lives of Omission, a distant television sequel, premiered on TVB Jade. On 29 December of the same year, Turning Point 2, a direct film sequel to Lives of Omission, was theatrically released.
References
External links
Official Website: Laughing Gor之變節 - tvb.com
Laughing Gor-Turning Point'' at Hong Kong Cinemagic
2009 films
Hong Kong action thriller films
Hong Kong crime thriller films
Triad films
Police detective films
2009 action thriller films
2009 crime thriller films
2000s Cantonese-language films
Shaw Brothers Studio films
Films set in Hong Kong
Films shot in Hong Kong
Films directed by Herman Yau
Hong Kong nonlinear narrative films
2000s Hong Kong films
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 1577.
Events
The Curtain Theatre is built in London.
December 4 – John of the Cross, while imprisoned in Toledo, Spain, composes their Spiritual Canticle.
New books
Prose
Certain Selected Histories for Christian Recreations (translation of Gesta Romanorum)
Richard Eden – The History of Travayle in the West and East Indies
John Frampton – , translated from the 1565 Spanish edition of Nicolás Monardes' Historia medicinal de las cosas que se traen de nuestras Indias Occidentales
Thomas Hill – The Gardener's Labyrinth
Raphael Holinshed – The Chronicles of England, Scotland and Irelande
Marcin Kromer – Polonia sive de situ, populis, moribus, magistratibus et Republica regni Polonici libri duo
Teresa of Ávila – Camino de Perfección
Johann Weyer – De praestigiis daemonum
Drama
Arthur Golding – Abraham's Sacrifice published (translated from Theodore Beza's French play)
Poetry
See 1577 in poetry
Births
February 8 – Robert Burton, English scholar and author (died 1640)
March/April – Gerhard Johann Vossius, Dutch theologian (died 1649)
November 10 – Jacob Cats, Dutch poet (died 1660)
November 20 (baptized) – Samuel Purchas, English travel writer (died 1626)
unknown dates
Richard Sibbes, English theologian (died 1635)
Gabriel Sionita, Lebanese-born Maronite Bible translator (died 1648)
Samuel Ward, English Puritan preacher and writer (died 1640)
Deaths
March 6 – Remy Belleau, French poet (born 1528)
April 21 – Girolamo Parabosco, Italian poet and musician (born c. 1524)
May 5 – Viglius, Frisian statesman and writer (born 1507)
October 7 – George Gascoigne, English poet (born c. 1535)
Unknown dates
Richard Jugge, English printer (date of birth unknown)
Ralph Robinson, English writer and translator (born 1520 in literature)
References
Years of the 16th century in literature
Notable persons with the surname Davidge include:
Cecil Davidge (1901–1981), British barrister and academic
Christopher Davidge (born 1929), British rower
Cecil William Davidge (1863-1936), British academic, author and freemason
George Davidge (fl. 1924), English rugby union and rugby league footballer
Glyn Davidge (1933–2006), Welsh rugby union player
Graham Davidge (fl. 1975–present), Australian musician
Guy Davidge (1878–1956), English cricketer
Neil Davidge (born 1962), British record producer and songwriter
William Pleater Davidge (1814–1888), English comedian
William Robert Davidge (1879–1961), architect and surveyor
Kalagh Neshin (, also Romanized as Kalāgh Neshīn) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Saruq District, Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 304, in 70 families.
References
Populated places in Farahan County
The Portrait of François Buron is a 1769 painting by Jacques-Louis David. It dates from their period of training and is one of their earliest known works. It shows their uncle, François Buron, and remained with their descendants until the death of their final descendant, A Baudry, in 1903. It was sold at the Regnault sale on 22 June 1905 for 6,000 francs. It then passed to Drouot at the Victor Gay sale on 23 April 1909 for 1,500 francs. It was sold anonymously on 15 December 1937 and later formed part of the collections of Robert Lebel and Madame Gas. It was sold to the Wildenstein galerie and then to its present private owner in New York City in 1985.
References
1769 paintings
Buron
Sproat Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park near Port Alberni in British Columbia, Canada's Vancouver Island. Its name derives from a lake named after 19th century entrepreneur and colonial official Gilbert Malcolm Sproat.
Petroglyphs
One of the park's most significant features is a panel of petroglyphs called "K'ak'awin" on lakeshore rocks depicting mythological figures. Though little is known of the origin of the prehistoric images, the area has been traditionally occupied by the Hupacasath First Nation.
Park features
The 39-hectare park on Highway 4 is 15 kilometres west of Port Alberni and is a popular recreation area featuring swimming and boating in Sproat Lake and camping. On the north shore of the lake, there is a popular boat launch, a small beach and 58 vehicle-accessible campsites in the park. The park is near the home base of Coulson Flying Tankers, which operates Martin Mars water bombers.
References
External links
Sproat Lake Provincial Park Official Site
Martin Mars - Coulson Flying Tankers
Alberni Valley
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Rock art in North America
Petroglyphs in Canada
Protected areas established in 1966
1966 establishments in British Columbia
Shotor Khvar (, also Romanized as Shotor Khvār and Shotor Khār; also known as Maḩmūdābād-e Shotor Khvār) is a village in Jalilabad Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 340, in 81 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
201 North Market Street is a historic commercial building located in Champaign, Illinois.
Description and history
Built in about 1870, the building has an architecturally significant Italianate commercial design, stylistically matching its neighbor at 203–205 North Market Street. The Italianate style was popular in the United States from the 1850s through the 1880s and was used heavily in both residential and commercial buildings. The two-story building's characteristic Italianate features include its tall, narrow arched windows and a brick entablature below the roofline. The first floor has an original cast iron storefront, a popular decoration for commercial buildings of the era. A limestone sidewalk, possibly the only 19th-century stone sidewalk remaining in Champaign, runs in front of the building.
The building, along with its companion building at 203–205 North Market Street, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1997.
References
Commercial buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Italianate architecture in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places in Champaign County, Illinois
Buildings and structures in Champaign, Illinois
Wola Potocka is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Janów Lubelski and south-west of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Wola Potocka
Stamma may refer to:
Stamma, the British Stammering Association
Philipp Stamma, ( – c. 1755), a chess master
See also
Stammer
Wye Mills is an unincorporated community in Talbot County, Maryland, United States, located at an altitude of . Wye Mills is located at the intersection of Maryland routes 404 and 662, just south of the Queen Anne's County border.
Notable landmarks
Wye Mills is the home of the Wye Mill which has been in nearly continuous operation since 1682. Today, it houses a museum in addition to its mill operations.
The Wye Oak (Maryland's honorary state tree, which was destroyed on June 6, 2002, by a severe thunderstorm), was located in Wye Mills.
The Old Wye Church or St. Lukes is the only Anglican church that is dated back to the 18th century in Talbot County. The church opened in 1712.
The Wye House is a plantation mansion listed on the National Register of Historic Places, dating back to between 1780 and 1790. Also listed are the Old Wye Church, Miller's House, and Wilton.
The town also harbors Maryland's first regional community college, Chesapeake College.
Historical events
Wye Accords
After the failure of the Oslo Accords of 1993 to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict, former President Bill Clinton held a summit in Wye Mills in October 1998. Both King Hussein of Jordan and Palestinian President Yasser Arafat attended the summit. Several issues were settled; however, some of the main issues, such as boundaries, were left unresolved and remained sources of conflict.
Elián González
For a short time, Elián González and their family resided in Wye Mills during the Elián González affair of 2000. González was at the center of a controversy involving parental custody and Cuban-American relations. After Elián was reunited with their father, the two were sheltered from the media at the remote Wye River Plantation while other relatives attempted to acquire visitation rights and the legal battle intensified.
References
Unincorporated communities in Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Talbot County, Maryland
Anna Karoline is a (a single-masted open cargo sailing ship) often called , built at Brataker in Mosvik, Norway in 1876.
The type was for centuries the most important freight vessel along the coast of Norway and Anna Karoline is typical for vessels sailing between Northern Norway and Bergen. They were purchased by the museum Nordland County Museum (now the Nordland Museum) in 1954 and placed ashore at Bodøsjøen south of the center of the city of Bodø. The Nordland Museum has plans for constructing a large building around Anna Karoline to preserve the vessel and exhibit them as a museum ship.
as freight vessel
The was used as a freight vessel along the Norwegian coast from around the 17th century and until the early 20th century, when the use steadily declined. The vessel type was built from Hardanger in the south to Beiarn in the north. At most around 200 sailed from northern Norway to Bergen with stockfish. They had a distinct appearance and was a sturdy freighter with a large capacity for cargo. Under good conditions the voyage could go fast, there are stories about voyages from Lofoten to Bergen in around three days, which makes a speed around 8 knots. It is possible that the vessel type is based on earlier Norwegian vessels, but that foreign vessels also have been an inspiration. The encyclopedia Store norske leksikon has this definition of ():
They were clinker built with transom stern, with a high straight bow. Most of the had only half of the deck covered, and always had a veng (Norwegian for a kind of Aftercastle) aft. The mast was without stays and was rigged with two square sails (main sail and top sail).
The was not easy to sail, but they could carry much cargo compared to the materials used for the vessel. It was thus probably due to economy that they became so popular. The last were built in Trøndelag. By the early 20th century they had been replaced by larger sailing vessels and steamships.
For centuries were important for Northern Norway's export of stockfish. Each could make two voyages a year to Bergen with this cargo, the city had for many hundred years monopoly on trading with Northern Norway. After the stockfish cargo had been loaded in Bergen they would return with goods that Northern Norway did not produce.
Life of Anna Karoline
Anna Karoline was built in 1876 for Arnt O. Eggen, Oluf Nøst and Ole Vandsvik. The name Anna Karoline were composed from the names of the three first owners.
Anna Karoline served as a cargo vessel and the cargo changed depending on what owners they had, time of the year and where they were stationed. When Ole Vandsvik was one of the owners Anna Karoline started the new year with a voyage to Lofoten to buy fish. The fish was salted on board the vessel and they returned in May to Kiran in Roan where the fish was dried. While the fish was drying the was transporting timber from Namsen to Northern Norway. When the fish had dried the vessel was loaded with stockfish, and sailed to Bergen. The vessel was also used for transporting herring and as sleeping quarters during fishing.
Anna Karoline is marked by various repairs and changes which makes it possible to study how the vessel has developed. They were originally clinker built and without a deck covering their cargo hold. In 1890 Anna Karoline ran aground at Kirangrunnen and subsequently towed to Trondheim where the outer hull was plained and a smooth carvel skin was added. Thus one can today see that the vessel has both clinker hull and carvel hull. Anna Karoline got new owners in 1903, they installed a 16 hp engine.
After Johan Bjørvik and Ole Schiefloe bought Anna Karoline they were used during the yearly fisheries in Lofoten. They sailed north in January and had for many years station at Tinn in Lofoten. The firm sold various goods and fishing equipment. While they were used as a floating general store during the fisheries, the vessel was also used for processing fish. In the spring the vessel sailed south to Bergen or Trondheim, before returning to Lofoten for a new cargo of fish.
In 1908 Anna Karoline'''s homeport was changed to Namsos after they were bought by Julius Pedersen and manager Schiefloe. They were mainly used to ship timber from Trøndelag to Northern Norway. The vessel had the same trade while they were owned by Spillum Dampsag & Høvleri.
After a new grounding in Bodø in 1908 they were again repaired. and the vessel now got a deck over the cargo hold. In 1916 they got a 30 hp engine. Anna Karoline kept their full rig until 1932, when it was removed. The same year major repairs of their hull were carried out. The vessel got a new transom and the deck was changed both aft and at the bow. In the 1950s the hull over water was changed. When they were bought by Nordland Museum in 1954 brackets were placed under the vessel and needed repairs were done.Anna Karoline was bought in 1929 by the firm J. Angell & Sønner in Hopen in Lofoten. The vessel was used both summer and winter. During the winter Anna Karoline was used while fish were salted and for producing cod liver oil, they had similar duties in Finnmark in the spring. During summer Anna Karoline transported guano and stockfish from Nordland and Troms south to Bergen.
At the museum
The last port of call for Anna Karoline was Bodøsjøen outside the center of Bodø, where they arrived in 1959. For some 30 years they have had a roof as cover and after some years walls were added. The facilities are viewed as far from ideal and the vessel should have a permanent building. Nordland Museum is working with a project for a building where the vessel can be both preserved and exhibited for visitors.
The background for Nordland Museum buying Anna Karoline was that they were seen as a specimen of a historically important vessel type. The museum first bought the in 1939 for this purpose. The vessel was transferred to Rognan for some needed repairs but around Christmas 1940 they shipwrecked during a storm. Due to World War II it was not possible to save the wreck, so was lost.
The desire to document the as a vessel was still there and after the war the Nordland Museum was urged to buy a new . Anna Karoline was chosen because they were in a relatively original condition and they are the only in such condition that has been preserved. As of 2014 there are three others in Norway. It is the newly built copy of the and the Pauline of Steinkjer, the latter is so much repaired and rebuilt that they are far from their original condition. Both are carvel built and sailing, contrary to Anna Karoline which is on land. The located at Sandane in western Norway is also ashore and as Anna Karoline they are also clinker built.
List of owners
1876 – Built for Arnt O. Eggen, Oluf Nøst and Ole Vandsvik
1889 – Ole Vandsvik
1890 – Ole Vandsvik and Ole Lund
Unknown year – Ole Vandsvik, Ole Lund and Nils Wandsvik
Unknown year – Nils Wandsvik and Ole Vandsvik
Unknown year – Oliver Fossum, Trondheim
1903 – Johan Bjørvik, Trondheim and Ole Schiefloe, Namsos
1908 – Julius Pedersen and manager Schiefloe
1922 – Spillum Dampsag & Høvleri, (P. Torkildsen & co)
1929 – J. Angell & sønner, Hopen in Lofoten
1954 – Bought by Nordland Museum
See also
Nordlandsbåt
References
Bibliography
Eivind Thorsvik, «Jektesaken», fra Nordland Fylkesmuseum årsberetning for 1964–1965, skannet versjon (PDF-fil)
Bernhard Færøyvik, Inshore Craft of Norway, Grøndahl & Søn Forlag, Oslo, 1979 (bokhylla.no)
Gøthe Gøthesen, Norskekystens fraktemenn : om seilfartøyer i kystfart, Grøndahl & Søn Forlag, Oslo, 1980 (bokhylla.no)
Olav Helseth, Jektfarten i Salten etter 1814, Norsk Sjøfartsmuseum, Oslo 1938 (bokhylla.no)
Kurt Haukaas, Fiske og Fraktebåter fra Fosen 1920–1985'' Tapir Akademisk Forlag, Trondheim 2009,
External links
Official site, from Nordland Museum website (Norwegian)
«Den siste jekta», from the website Digitalt fortalt (Norwegian)
Anna Karoline, bevaring av jekta i Bodøsjøen, saksframlegg for behandling av Bodø kommune (PDF file) (Norwegian)
Sailing ships
Buildings and structures in Bodø
Museum ships in Norway
1876 ships
Ships built in Norway
World War I merchant ships of Norway
World War II merchant ships of Norway
is a Japanese motorcycle racer. They currently race in the MFJ All Japan Road Race Championship JSB1000 class aboard a Honda CBR1000RR. They have also competed in the MFJ All Japan Road Race GP250 Championship, the MFJ All Japan Road Race JSB1000 Championship (where they were champion in 2002), the MFJ All Japan Road Race J-GP2 Championship, Asia Road Race SS600 Championship and the MFJ All Japan Road Race ST600 Championship, where they were champion in 2010 and 2011.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
Supersport World Championship
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Japanese motorcycle racers
250cc World Championship riders
Moto2 World Championship riders
Supersport World Championship riders
Alexander Island in the Kimberley region of Western Australia is the area of land between the two arms of the Fitzroy River from where the river splits, about 10 kilometres south of Fitzroy Crossing, to where the arms merge about 80 kilometres south-west of Fitzroy Crossing.
References
Islands of the Kimberley (Western Australia)
The Lewis Cass expedition of 1820 was a survey of the western part of Michigan Territory led by Lewis Cass, governor of the territory. On January 14, 1820, United States Secretary of War John C. Calhoun authorized Cass to lead a party of scientists, soldiers, Canadian voyageurs, and Native Americans into the wilderness of western Michigan Territory. The purpose of the expedition was to:
survey the geography and topography of the region in order to produce a complete map
survey the flora and fauna of the region
survey the Indians of the region, their numbers, tribes, customs, and loyalties, whether to the United States or Great Britain
select and purchase sites for forts, especially at Sault Ste. Marie
survey the geology of the region, especially with regard to commercially valuable minerals
search for the source of the Mississippi River
Members
The expedition consisted of 42 men as follows:
Lewis Cass, Governor of Michigan Territory
Captain David Bates Douglass, Corps of Engineers, Professor of Mathematics at the United States Military Academy at West Point, served as topographer with additional responsibility for surveying plants and animals
Henry Schoolcraft, mineralogist and geologist
Dr. Alexander Wolcott Jr., physician, Indian Agent at Chicago
James Duane Doty, secretary to the expedition
Lieutenant Aeneus Mackay, artillery
Robert A. Forsyth, private secretary to Governor Cass
Charles C. Trowbridge, assistant to Captain Douglass
Alexander R. Chase, assistant to Captain Douglass
James Riley, interpreter
Roy, a Frenchman, served as pilot on Lake Superior
Baptiste, a soldier, served as cook
10 Canadian voyageurs managed the canoes
10 United States soldiers served as escort
10 Native Americans served as hunters, their names and tribes as follows:
Joseph Parks, Shawnee, served as interpreter
Kewaychoskum, an Ottawa chief
Manitouwaba (the devil's view), Ottawa
Haepsanze, Ottawa
Wyangding (source of the winds), Ojibwa
Oshashebaquato (many openings in the clouds), Ojibwa
Wyamgboyeausha (scattered by the wind), Ojibwa
Waubonequet (pale cloud), Ojibwa
Omezekekezchie (the rays of light striking the earth), Ojibwa
Macatawasim (black dog), Potawatomi, discharged at Grosse Pointe
From Detroit to the Mississippi
The expedition departed Detroit in four large canoes on May 24, 1820. It took three days to reach Fort Gratiot, located near the entrance to Lake Huron. The commander of the fort, Major Cummings, exchanged five of their sixty soldiers for two from the expedition who had become ill. On June 6 the expedition reached Michilimackinac where they awaited the arrival of additional supplies. On June 13 the party departed Michilimackinac bound for Sault Ste. Marie escorted by a twelve-oared barge carrying a military detachment intended to overawe the Native Americans.
At Sault Ste. Marie, Cass called a council of the Ojibwa to obtain their permission to establish an Indian agency. The Ojibwa, many of whom were loyal to the British, expressed their displeasure with the American proposal. One of their chiefs known as "the count", dressed in the uniform of a British officer, raised a British flag near the expedition's camp. Cass tore down the flag and trampled it under foot, which brought about the submission of the Native Americans, who ceded on the St. Mary's River where Fort Brady was constructed two years later.
The expedition proceeded west along the southern shore of Lake Superior portaging across the Keweenaw Peninsula. A contingent including Cass, Schoolcraft, and Doty made a side trip up the Ontonagon River to see the huge mass of copper known as the copper rock. At the western end of Lake Superior the expedition proceeded up the Saint Louis River to the American Fur Company's post at Fond du Lac.
Six miles further up the river Cass split their party. Schoolcraft, Doty, and 14 others struck out across country for the American Fur Company's post at Sandy Lake near the Mississippi River, while Cass and the rest of the party continued up the Saint Louis River heading for the same destination. The overland party lost the trail and struggled through swamps and knee-deep mud, yet arrived at Sandy Lake two days ahead of Cass's group. Cass and the scientific staff ascended the Mississippi in search of its source. They went as far as the lake that now bears Cass's name and then returned to the post at Sandy Lake.
Return to Detroit
Taking 16 Ojibwa with them, the expedition descended the Mississippi, pausing to hunt buffalo along the banks. Near the Falls of Saint Anthony they encountered an encampment of the Fifth Infantry under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Leavenworth. Here the resident Indian agent, Major Lawrence Taliaferro called together the local Sioux for a ceremony of peace with the Ojibwa accompanying the Cass expedition.
The expedition continued down the Mississippi stopping at Sioux villages to smoke the pipe of peace. On August 5 the party reached Fort Crawford at Prairie du Chien, the westernmost post in Michigan Territory. Schoolcraft made a brief side trip to the lead mines near Dubuque, after which the entire expedition ascended the Wisconsin River to the Fox-Wisconsin portage and descended the Fox River to Green Bay, where they were greeted by a salute from the guns of Fort Howard. At Green Bay Cass dismissed the soldiers and shipped the natural history specimens collected by the scientists to Detroit. They led most of the remaining men down the western shore of Lake Michigan to Chicago.
Dr. Wolcott and a few companions remained at the Indian agency at Chicago. Governor Cass returned to Detroit on horseback via the Indian trail, while Schoolcraft and Captain Douglass traveled up the eastern shore of Lake Michigan to Michilimackinac where they joined Doty and a couple other members of the expedition who had traveled there directly from Green Bay. This group retraced the expedition's route down Lake Huron to Detroit, arriving there on September 24, 1820, 124 days after their departure.
Results
The Lewis Cass expedition, which cost $6,300, resulted in a series of anonymous articles in the Detroit Gazette in the winter of 1820-21, a 419-page book by Henry Schoolcraft, and at least 15 scientific papers. Schoolcraft's book, Narrative Journal of Travels...from Detroit...to the Sources of the Mississippi River, sold 1,200 copies within a few months of its publication in 1821.
References
Further reading
Brown, Ralph H.: "With Cass in the Northwest in 1820: The Journal of Charles C. Trowbridge, May 24--September 13, 1820", Minnesota History, 23(1942):126-148,233-252,328-348.
Doty, James Duane: "Northern Wisconsin in 1820", Wisconsin Historical Collections, 79(1876):195-206.
Schoolcraft, Henry R.: Narrative Journal of Travels from Detroit Northwest through the Great Chain of American Lakes to the Sources of the Mississippi River in the Year 1820, Albany, 1821.
Pre-statehood history of Wisconsin
Pre-statehood history of Minnesota
Michigan Territory
The 44th Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles fought in include Shiloh and Battle of Chickamauga.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Helge Haugen (born 15 February 1982) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sogndal. Born in Bergen, Haugen started their professional career in the local Tippeligaen club Brann. During their time at the club, they won the 2004 Norwegian Football Cup and the 2007 Tippeligaen. They have later played for Tromsø and Hønefoss, before they joined Sogndal ahead of the 2014 season. Haugen played one match for the Norwegian under-21 team in 2003.
Career
Early life
Haugen was born in Bergen and grew up in Åsane, where they played for Åsane Fotball. They did also compete in orienteering during their youth, becoming a medallist in the Norwegian youth orienteering championship. Haugen represented Norway at youth international level, where they made eight appearances without scoring a goal between 1998 and 2000. They played for Åsane's first team in the 2. divisjon in 2001, when the team won promotion to the 1. divisjon. After the season, they transferred to the Tippeligaen team Brann.
Brann
Haugen made their debut for Brann against Bodø/Glimt in May 2002, and made two appearances in Tippeligaen in their first season with the club. After the 2002 season, where Brann had to play play-off matches against Sandefjord, the head coach Teitur Thordarson stated that Haugen and five other players did not have a future with the club. While four of the players were released from their contracts, Thordarson wanted to send Haugen on loan to another club. Ahead of the 2003 season, Mons Ivar Mjelde replaced Thordarson as Brann's head coach, and Mjelde wanted to keep Haugen at the club, and they subsequently made their break-through at the first team during the second half of the season and was also called up to the Norwegian under-21 team for the first team. They made their only appearance for the under-21 in the match against Scotland U21 on 19 August 2003. After a poor start to the 2003 season for Brann, Mjelde decided to use Haugen along with Seyi Olofinjana in the central midfield, which was one of the contributing factors to Brann's good performance in the second half of the season when the team kept clear of relegation.
Haugen's first goal of the 2004 season was in the quarter-final of the 2004 Norwegian Football Cup, when Brann turned 0–2 to 3–2 and advanced to the semi-final at the expense of Bryne. Haugen also played in the Cup Final, when Brann won their first title the 1982. Haugen ended an impressive season with a goal against Malmö FF in the Royal League. Haugen got a fracture in their foot ahead of the 2005 season, which put them out of play during the pre-season. As Brann had signed Martin Andresen, Haugen only made some appearances as a substitute during the first half of the season. During the second half of the season, some of the team's midfielders was unavailable due to injuries, and Haugen was again playing regularly. The local player Haugen continued to be a first choice in the team's midfield for several seasons, despite getting competition from several expensive signings that was brought to the club. The 2006 season was arguably Haugen's best season, when they played regularly for the team that was fighting for the league title. Haugen only made four appearances in the 2007 season, when Brann won the Tippeligaen for the first time since 1963, and they joined Tromsø half-way through the season, as they wanted to play more regularly and signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with the club. Haugen played 129 official matches for Brann, scoring 5 goals.
Later career
Haugen is not known for scoring goals, but in the 2010 season they scored goals in two consecutive matches, first in the second round of the 2010 Norwegian Football Cup, before they scored another in the Tippeligaen match against Vålerenga on 24 May 2010.
Haugen scored a goal that ended Hønefoss' goal-drought of 325 minutes, when their team won 3–1 against Sogndal on 3 November 2013.
Hønefoss was relegated from Tippeligaen after the 2013 season, and as Haugen's contract with the club had expired they joined Sogndal as a free agent.
Career statistics
Honours
Norway
Tippeligaen: 2007
Norwegian Cup: 2004
References
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Bergen
Norwegian footballers
Åsane Fotball players
SK Brann players
Tromsø IL players
Hønefoss BK players
Sogndal Fotball players
Eliteserien players
Norwegian First Division players
Association football midfielders
The 1968 WANFL season was the 84th season of senior football in Perth, Western Australia. It saw Perth, after having won only two premierships in its first sixty-six seasons, win its third consecutive flag under captain-coach Mal Atwell and champion rover Barry Cable – all three Grand Finals having been won against East Perth with Cable taking the Simpson Medal.
Among numerous highlights, champion Subiaco full-forward Austin "Ocker" Robertson broke by one goal the 1953 record of Bernie Naylor for the most goals in a WANFL home-and-away season, doing so with a whopping twenty-six scoring shots against East Fremantle in the final round. Perth achieved the best record for a full season since South Fremantle's champion 1953 team with only two losses – which Barry Cable missed due to a broken hand and then interstate duties – whilst West Perth, under former East Perth champion “Polly” Farmer as captain-coach lost only three home-and-away matches to equal the Cardinals' 1953 record. East Perth were to have a slow start and were in danger of missing the finals until July, but three last-kick wins – the last two after surrendering big leads – took the Royals to the Grand Final.
In contrast, Swan Districts – who had at the beginning of the decade risen from a long period as a chopping block to a hat-trick of premierships – fell to become the first WANFL team to win only one match in a season since they themselves did so in 1951, owing to extreme weakness in the ruck where expected top follower Dave Dalgarno moved to QAFL club Western Districts under an ANFC coaching scheme without playing a league match, major injuries to key players Ken Bagley, John Turnbull and Peter Manning, and the retirement of numerous key players of between 1961 and 1965. The Swans introduced an incentive scheme of paying players a $15 match fee for a win instead of the standard $5 after twelve rounds, but this had little effect. Their solitary win, by one point with a kick after the siren, made Swans the closest club to a winless season in open-age WA(N)FL competition between 1918 and 1998. East Fremantle, after falling to seventh in 1967, had their worst season since the club's first year in 1898, in the process setting a still-standing club record of thirteen consecutive defeats, whilst Subiaco, coached by Haydn Bunton Jr., rose from last to fourth aided by Robertson's prolific goalkicking. However, in the most uneven season in a major Australian Rules league, they won all 12 games against the four teams that missed the finals, but lost all 9 matches against the three Perth clubs that finished above them on the ladder. That pattern would continue into the finals, where they lost the first semi final to East Perth.
Home-and-away season
Round 1
Round 2
Round 3
Round 4
Round 5
Round 6
Round 7
Round 8
Round 9
Round 10
Round 11
Round 12
Round 13
Interstate match
Round 14
Round 15
Round 16
Round 17
Round 18
Round 19
Round 20
Round 21
Ladder
Finals
First semi-final
Second semi-final
Preliminary final
Grand Final
Notes
In terms of Noll-Scully index of competitive balance the 1968 WANFL season's figure of 2.5912 is the highest ever observed in any of the VFL/AFL, SANFL or WA(N)FL.The only greater monopolisation of a team's goals for a score with fifteen or more goals in a major Australian Rules league is by Ted Tyson for West Perth against Swan Districts in the final round of 1938, when they kicked 17.5 (107) out of the Cardinals' 18.7 (115).
References
External links
Official WAFL website
Western Australian National Football League (WANFL), 1968
West Australian Football League seasons
WANFL
ASEAN University Games (AUG) is a biennial sports event that involves athletes from the universities of the ASEAN member countries. It is regulated by ASEAN University Sports Council (AUSC) which was established in 1980.
Sports
Athletics
Basketball
Badminton
Football
Petanque
Pencak silat
Sepak Takraw
Shooting
Swimming
Table Tennis
Tennis
Taekwondo
Volleyball
Rugby sevens
Archery
Beach Volleyball
Bowling
Chess
Chinlone
Diving
Field Hockey
Futsal
Golf
Judo
Lawn bowls
Netball
Squash
Vovinam
Wushu
Participating nations
List of ASEAN University Games
</onlyinclude>
Note
Originally scheduled for 13–22 December 2020, previously postponed to 18–27 June 2021, 22–30 June 2022 and finally to 26th July - 6th August 2022.
External links
Results system
Chiang Mai Mail 2010 ASEAN University Games Newsletter
International Games
AUSC Facebook
References
ASEAN sports events
Multi-sport events in Asia
Student sports competitions
The rufous-breasted accentor (Prunella strophiata) is passerine bird in the family Prunellidae, endemic to the Himalayas, descending in the winter to lower-to-middle altitudes. It is found in Afghanistan, Bhutan, Tibet, China, India, Myanmar, Nepal, and Pakistan.
Its natural habitat is temperate forest.
Taxonomy
The rufous-breasted accentor was described by the English zoologist Edward Blyth in 1843 from a specimen collected in Nepal. They coined the binomial name Accentor strophiatus. The specific epithet strophiatus/strophiata is from Latin strophium "breast-band". The rufous-breasted accentor is now placed in the genus Prunella that was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1816.
Two subspecies are recognised:
P. s. jerdoni (Brooks, WE, 1872) – east Afghanistan and west Himalayas
P. s. strophiata (Blyth, 1843) – central and east Himalayas to central China and north Myanmar
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the rufous-breasted accentor
rufous-breasted accentor
Birds of Afghanistan
Birds of China
Birds of the Himalayas
Birds of Nepal
Birds of Pakistan
Birds of Yunnan
rufous-breasted accentor
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
rufous-breasted accentor
Albert Ionuț Popa (born 5 April 1999) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga III side Gloria Buzău. Popa made their debut at senior level in the Liga II for Dacia Unirea Brăila, then playing in the third tier for Unirea Slobozia and SR Brașov, before signing with Gaz Metan.
Honours
Odorheiu Secuiesc
Liga III: 2021–22
References
External links
Albert Popa at lpf.ro
1999 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Brașov
Romanian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Liga I players
Liga II players
Liga III players
CS Gaz Metan Mediaș players
AFC Dacia Unirea Brăila players
AFC Unirea Slobozia players
SR Brașov players
FC Dunărea Călărași players
FC Gloria Buzău players
Fritz Johansson (27 May 1893 – 19 September 1971) was a Swedish wrestler. They competed in the middleweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1893 births
1971 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
People from Burlöv Municipality
Sportspeople from Skåne County
Yapsie Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. Mountain Ok languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Imnai 1
02. Imnai 2
03. Bitapena
04. Tumolbil
05. Ivikmin
06. Kemeimin
07. Urapmin
08. Sokonga
09. Bakading
10. Fungal
11. Bilka
12. Bokembil
13. Wauru
14. Defakbil
15. Mututeimin
16. Umfokmin
17. Atensikin
18. Mongapbip
19. Fiamok
20. Busulmin
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Alexis Georgiou (born 1 February 1990) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Career
Georgiou was recruited by the club in the 2014 Rookie Draft, with pick #35 from the Norwood football club in the SANFL.
Alex played in the 2012 and 2013 grand finals victories for Norwood defeating West Adelaide and North Adelaide respectively.
They were upgraded to the senior list prior to the season and made their debut in Round 1, 2014, against .
Georgiou was delisted at the conclusion of the 2014 AFL season.
Statistics
|- style="background-color: #EAEAEA"
! scope="row" style="text-align:center" | 2014
|style="text-align:center;"|
| 41 || 7 || 0 || 0 || 34 || 37 || 71 || 24 || 10 || 0.0 || 0.0 || 4.9 || 5.3 || 10.1 || 3.4 || 1.4 || 0
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 7
! 0
! 0
! 34
! 37
! 71
! 24
! 10
! 0.0
! 0.0
! 4.9
! 5.3
! 10.1
! 3.4
! 1.4
! 0
|}
References
External links
Alex Georgiou's profile from DemonWiki
1990 births
Living people
Melbourne Football Club players
Norwood Football Club players
Casey Demons players
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
A Kramer graph is a specific multiple-line 2D geometric symbolic representation of the characteristics of intake, scavenging and exhaust components in a two-stroke cycle engine.
They are typically used to visualize the opening time versus area and/ or lift of the following components:
Intake port / valve
Scavenging port / valve
Exhaust port / valve
Reed inlet valve
Rotary inlet valve
Description
These representations are used to describe corresponding changes in crankshaft angle and port-area.
A Kramer graph plots the relation of the open area of various ports with respect to the angle of the crankshaft in a two-stroke engine.
So that upon completion of the cycle (one revolution of 360°) there has been no net change in state of the system; i.e. the device returns to the starting position and area which is zero.
They do not show the specific configuration of ports like in a port-map, which enables it to illustrate a more useful visualization of port area distribution,
This could be useful because different types of port configurations could have the same opening time and area.
Application
In these graphs the X-axis represents the crankshaft angle (θ) in degrees, and the Y-axis represents the open area in any square unit of measurement such as mm². To discern the different types of ports each type is given a designated color.
For example, (commonly used):
Blue - Intake system
Green - Scavenging system
Red - Exhaust system
Purple - Inlet valve
Many engineers and engine tuners prefer to use the version of a polar graph of this concept to compare different engines to one another.
These are commonly called "Kramer cams", referring to a four-stroke camshaft.
Origin
Kramer graphs are named after Dutch engineer Hans Kramer, who is considered to have been the first to use this type of graph in a publication on the effect of port shape and area on two-stroke cycle engine performance.
Two-stroke engine technology
Engine technology
Internal combustion piston engines
Motorcycle engines
Visualization (graphics)
Ibercaja Banco, S.A., stylised as iberCaja, is a Spanish financial services company based in Zaragoza. It was created by the Caja de Ahorros and Monte de Piedad of Zaragoza, Aragón and Rioja (Ibercaja) in 2011, to develop its financial activity, being initially the shareholder of 100% of the bank. After the acquisition of Caja3 by Ibercaja Banco, in the process of banking restructuring in Spain, 87.8% was owned by Ibercaja and 12.2% by the three Caja3 shareholders (Caja de Badajoz, Caja Inmaculada and Caja Círculo).
Together with the General Deputation of Aragon, owns the company Montañas de Aragón which controls the ski resort Aramón.
See also
List of banks in Spain
References
External links
Ibercaja
Banks of Spain
Banks established in 2011
Banks under direct supervision of the European Central Bank
Michael Silverton is an American computer scientist.
Biography
Silverton built the first all-optical Ethernet in the first mile networks in Palo Alto, California in 1999 to 2000, as the result of research and work that first began in 1991 in Phoenix, Arizona.
Fiberhood Networks, Inc, a Silicon Valley company championed by Silverton, and co-founded Sinuhe Hardegree and Jonathan Usuka, along with Christopher Lein, Chris Minchberg, Keith Cooley, and Joe Villareal, failed financially, but the engineering success and ensuing industry enthusiasm from the likes of Pirelli, Corning, France Telecom, Telstra, SBC Communications, and industry standards groups like the IEEE, all validated a proof of concept for this first field-operational implementation of its kind.
The Information superhighway term was used in the National Information Infrastructure effort of the 1990s.
Silverton's 1997 Stanford University thesis described an "Information Superdriveway", extending early analogies of "internet as roadway" connecting consumers to the information city streets and global superhighways.
The company existed from about 1998 through 2001.
It partnered with PAIX, an early Palo Alto Internet exchange.
In 1999 Silverton became founding director of the Open Access Alliance of the Bay Area, a group advocating for independent Internet service providers.
In 2001 the company still planned to expand.
Silverton presented their experience to the Ethernet in the first mile (EFM) study group in March 2001.
After several years of industry collaboration, the standard was published in June 2004.
In 2004 they were interviewed as an early adopter of voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) technology.
References
External links
People from Palo Alto, California
Stanford University alumni
American computer businesspeople
Internet pioneers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The S2 8.0 B is an American trailerable sailboat that was designed by Arthur Edmunds as a cruiser and first built in 1976. The designation indicates the approximate length overall in meters. The design uses the same hull as the S2 8.0 A and the S2 8.0 C.
Production
The design was built by S2 Yachts in Holland, Michigan, United States, between 1976 and 1983, with 426 boats completed, but it is now out of production.
Design
The S2 8.0 B is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wood trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a slightly angled transom, an internally mounted spade-type rudder controlled by a tiller and a fixed fin keel, shoal draft keel or keel and centerboard. It displaces and carries of lead ballast.
A version with a tall rig was also available, with a mast about taller.
The fin keel-equipped version of the boat has a draft of , while the optional shoal draft keel has a draft of . The centerboard-equipped version has a draft of with the centerboard extended and with it retracted, allowing operation in shallow water or ground transportation on a trailer.
The boat is fitted with an inboard engine for docking and maneuvering, with a saildrive optional.
The design has sleeping accommodation for four people, with a double "V"-berth in the bow cabin, a straight settee berth on the port side in the main cabin and an aft quarter berth on the port side. The galley is located on the starboard side at the companionway ladder. The galley is "L"-shaped and is equipped with a two-burner stove, an ice box and a sink. The head is located just aft of the bow cabin on the port side. Cabin headroom is .
The design has a hull speed of .
See also
List of sailing boat types
References
Keelboats
1970s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Trailer sailers
Sailboat type designs by Arthur Edmunds
Sailboat types built by S2 Yachts
The J. Monroe Parker–Ficke House is a historic building located in the College Square Historic District in Davenport, Iowa, United States. The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983. The house was individually listed on the Davenport Register of Historic Properties in 2003.
History
The house was built in 1881 by James Monroe Parker, a wealthy Davenport financier. It was designed and built by Davenport's prominent 19th-century builder T. W. McClelland. However, it is possible that Benjamin W. Gartside, who was an architect with the McClelland firm at the time, maybe the actual designer. Davenport architect Victor Huot is responsible for the slate roof. Since 1978 the building has served as a fraternity house for Delta Sigma Chi from the Palmer College of Chiropractic.
C. A. Ficke
The house is associated with Charles August Ficke (1850-1931), who was a prominent Davenport attorney, politician, and developer. Born in Beitzenburg, then in the Duchy of Mecklenburg, Ficke moved to Davenport as a young child in 1851. They became a lawyer in 1877 after reading in H.R. Claussen's office and formal study. Like many of people of German heritage between 1860 and 1885 they changed their political party affiliation from Republican to the Democratic Party. In 1886, they were elected as the first Scott County attorney and then as Mayor of Davenport from 1890 to 1891. While they were mayor the city established the Public Works Department and LeClaire Park. Improved public works during their mayoral administration included street paving and sewer construction. They were the first mayor to veto an ordinance passed by the city council. Ficke is also connected with several projects in downtown Davenport, including the Ficke Block, which is also listed on the National Register of Historic Places Their art collection was the nucleus that started the Davenport Museum of Art that is now housed in the Figge Art Museum. Ficke's son, Arthur Davison Ficke, lived in the home during the latter half of their childhood before establishing themselves as a nationally known poet.
Architecture
The two-story brick house follows an irregular plan. It features a mansard roof, multicolor slate shingles, wrought-iron roof cresting, brackets, moldings, and fanciful window surrounds. The house is beautifully composed and well executed. It is the ultimate expression of Victorian excess, and it is considered one of the finest examples of Second Empire construction in the state of Iowa.
References
Houses completed in 1881
Second Empire architecture in Iowa
Houses in Davenport, Iowa
Davenport Register of Historic Properties
National Register of Historic Places in Davenport, Iowa
Historic district contributing properties in Iowa
Gilded Age mansions
Ifeanyi Kalu is a Nigerian television and film actor, model and fashion designer.  They are best known for their role in the movie Lagos Cougars where they starred alongside Uche Jombo, Monalisa Chinda, Alexx Ekubo and the Africa Independent Television (AIT) series Allison's Stand alongside Joselyn Dumas, Bimbo Manuel, and Victor Olaotun.
Early life
Kalu was born in Surulere, a suburb in Lagos State, southwestern Nigeria. Kalu is of Igbo heritage from Imo State in the eastern part of Nigeria. They studied Computer science in the University.
Personal life
Kalu got married to filmmaker Nicolette Ndigwe in 2021.
Career
Kalu began their career as a model, appearing in television and billboard commercials. In 2011, they enrolled in the Royal Arts Academy to study acting. Their breakout screen role was in 2012, when they were cast in the role of Usen in the movie Kokomma produced by Uduak Isong Oguamanam and directed by Tom Robson. The movie received 3 nominations at the 9th Africa Movie Academy Awards.
In 2014, their roles in the movies Lagos Cougars and Perfect Union earned them a City People Awards nomination for Most Promising Actor, an award they were again nominated for in 2017. In 2019 they received another nomination from City People Awards for Best Supporting Actor, and in the same year, they were nominated for and won the Best Supporting Actor award at the United Kingdom based Zulu African Film Academy Awards (ZAFAA), for their role in the movie Kuvana, where they starred alongside Wale Ojo, Sambasa Nzeribe and Ivie Okujaiye.
In 2019, Kalu launched a "ready-to-wear" fashion line tagged Ifeanyi Kalu.
Filmography
Selected movie roles
Television roles
Awards
References
Nigerian male film actors
Nigerian male television actors
1988 births
Living people
Igbo male actors
Igbo male models
Actors from Imo State
Nigerian male models
Nigerian fashion designers
21st-century Nigerian male actors
Nigerian film award winners
Italy competed at the 1975 Mediterranean Games in Algiers, Algeria.
Medals
Athletics
Men
Women
See also
Basketball at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Boxing at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Football at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Swimming at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Volleyball at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
Water polo at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
References
External links
Mediterranean Games Athletic results at Gbrathletics.com
1975 - ALGIERS (ALG) at CIJM web site
Nations at the 1975 Mediterranean Games
1975
Mediterranean Games
A hamster show is an event in which people gather hamsters to judge them against each other. Hamster shows are also places where people share their enthusiasm for hamsters among attendees. Hamster shows feature an exhibition of the hamsters participating in the judging.
The judging of hamsters usually includes a goal of promoting hamsters that conform to natural or established varieties of hamsters. By awarding hamsters that match standard hamster types, hamster shows encourage planned and careful hamster breeding.
Presentation
Organizers of hamster shows will specify pen specifications. Usually competing hamsters must be in identical or similar plain pens to avoid influencing the judging or identifying the person presenting the hamster. Because pens are expensive, sometimes the organizers of a hamster show offer pens to be rented for the event. Standard show pens have open wire fronts, and are small for short-term exhibition only during the judging. Shorthaired hamsters may be shown on hamster bedding, while longhaired hamsters require something like wood-based cat litter which does not disturb fluffy fur. Water is usually not allowed, assuming that the judging is well-managed and quickly done; instead, the hamster may be given a juicy piece of fruit or vegetable. Standard hamster chow is not provided, because if the hamster stuffs its cheek pouches, judging becomes difficult or impossible.
Syrian hamsters are exhibited alone, as they are naturally solitary. Dwarf hamsters may be exhibited in pairs, as they are sometimes kept in groups of two, though it is not recommended. When a pair of dwarf hamsters is exhibited, but only one hamster is being judged, then the secretary managing records for the judges will keep notes identifying the hamster on exhibition. Show organizers may present dwarf hamsters in smaller pens than Syrians, or perhaps all hamsters will be in larger pens which are appropriate for Syrians.
Whereas shows for other animals commonly allow the manager to groom the animal after it is benched for presentation, in hamster shows judges commonly request the owners to stay completely away until the end of judging.
Hamster show format
Hamster shows typically have three sections for entrants: pet hamsters, Syrian hamsters, and dwarf hamsters.
Pet hamster section
The pet hamster section is open to anyone who has a pet hamster. This section is not further divided, and all hamsters entering as pets are judged together. This is judging for amateurs which does not require entrants to prepare in advance. Typically, anyone may enter if they bring their hamster during the event before the judging. Hamsters entering as pets get an identification number, then are exhibited in the pet area to wait for judging.
The show judges evaluate pet hamsters on their tameness and health. In pet class, health issues that are considered are the body weight, the length of the teeth, length of toenails, and brightness of eyes. Pets that are well-cared for all have an equal chance of winning in the division. Personal body conditions or disabilities, such as missing a leg or an eye, are not considered in the judging criteria so long as the hamster is otherwise in good condition.
Part of the process of pet judging is education for hamster owners. Hamster breeders and experienced hamster managers may be among the judges or at the event, and may talk with people entering their hamster in the pet class about hamster care and hamster issues.
Syrian and dwarf hamster sections
Syrian and dwarf hamsters are each divided into their own sections. From there, each is divided within that section into "straight class", "duplicate class", and "non-standard class". "Straight" class refers to hamsters that are a standard presentation of an established variety, and in the straight class, entrants are judged in a subclass against other hamsters of that variety. For example, all Syrian hamsters that have the natural agouti coloration of the wild hamster are commonly placed in their own subclass of the straight division. "Duplicate class" is a division determined by characteristics of the human entering the hamster as well as by the hamster. To be in duplicate class, a hamster must also be in a straight class. From there, the hamster's manager is sorted according to their professionalism, with novices, breeders, and perhaps others being in separate duplicate classes. The duplicate class is used to select "best in show" winners. For example, there might be a "best in show" hamster selected for each subclass in the duplicate class (novice, breeder) and the best hamster might be any hamster with the highest score in any subclass of the straight class division. A third division is non-standard class, which can include any hamsters that do not conform to any standard color or variation and that cannot be directly compared with other hamsters in a straight class. Non-standard class hamsters are not typically sorted also into the duplicate class, and are not typically eligible for consideration as "best in show".
Judging
Judging may begin after all hamsters are presented in the exhibition pens. Judges remove a hamster from its pen and examine it on a "judging frame". A judging frame is a raised, enclosed platform with a wire mesh or transparent bottom which allows the judge to look at the hamster from below and inspect its belly fur. After visual inspection the judge will examine the hamster by touch. This includes stroking the fur to measure the softness and feeling the hamster to assess its condition and size. The back and tail are checked for straightness and the tail is further checked for kinks.
In a 100-point judging scheme, a common allocation of points is as follows:
color and markings - 30 points
conformation to body type - 25 points
fur - 20 points
size - 10 points
condition - 10 points
ears and eyes - 5 points
"Color and markings" has the most points because emphasizing this encourages care and organization in breeding by ensuring that establish varieties of hamsters persist without becoming diluted in the gene pool. Hamsters in straight classes have their colors judged against established, historical models for that class. Fur can influence this class, as longer hamster hair tends to make a hamster look lighter in color. "Type" refers to conformation of body type to the ideal hamster. Wild hamsters have broad bodies, heads that are large in proportion to the body, a short face, and blunt nose. Indiscriminate breeding can produce hamsters that vary from the wild type, and type judging preserves what is natural or established. "Fur" should be dense and soft. A common shortcoming for bred hamsters is thin belly fur. Among long haired hamsters, there must be consideration that males have thicker, denser long hair than females, and each sex should be judged according to what is expected of that sex and not what is typical for the other. Similarly, "size" judging should take into account that females are larger than males. Size judging includes making an experienced judgement of whether a hamster is under- or overweight, and in either of those cases, points would be deducted. "Condition" is a check of health, including any dry skin, oily fur, long nails, or long teeth. "Ears and eyes" judging checks for round ears without nicks, ears that are held up and alert, and eyes that are bright and not runny or closed.
Training to become a judge for hamster shows typically takes two years, and would include attending hamster shows to watch judging and taking advice from hamster clubs.
Show organization
Hamster shows are frequently presented by an organization that promotes hamster appreciation, such as a hamster club. Typically, hamster clubs will have a show manager who takes responsibility for organizing or promoting hamster shows for the club members and general public.
Organizations that present hamster shows include the following:
California Hamster Association
National Hamster Council and its regional branches:
Midland Hamster Club
Northern Hamster Club
Southern Hamster Club
Notes
References
External links
introduction to hamster showing by the National Hamster Council in the UK
Animal shows
Hamsters
Buhayra or Buhaira may refer to:
Bahira, a monk who, according to Islamic tradition, foretold to Muhammad their future as a prophet
Buhaira Gardens, a 12th-century garden and palace in Seville, Spain
Narman (; ), formerly Namervan and İd, is a town and district of Erzurum Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey. The mayor is Burhanettin Eser (AKP). The population is 4,989 (as of 2010).
References
External links
Narman
Erzurum
Towns in Turkey
Populated places in Erzurum Province
Districts of Erzurum Province
Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories, known in Japan as Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters III: Tri-Holygod Advent (遊戯王デュエルモンスターズ３ 三聖戦神光臨), is a 2000 digital collectible card game game of the Yu-Gi-Oh! universe for the Game Boy Color developed and published by Konami. The game was Konami's first attempt at a Yu-Gi-Oh! game released in English and the third game in the Japanese Duel Monsters series. This game uses the rules of the previous Duel Monsters games, as opposed to the rules for the Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game. Players of the game can trade and battle with other players using a link cable.
Gameplay
Players must beat each available player in a stage at least five times in order to get to the next stage. However, they or they may keep on dueling them for more points. A usual game consists of players using their assembled decks of cards to reduce their opponent's 8000 life points to zero, but a duel can also be won by forcing the player's opponent to run out of cards in their deck and having them unable to draw a card at the start of their turn, or by having all five pieces of Exodia in their hand.
To defeat the opposing monster, the player must have a monster with higher ATK (attack) points than that opposing card's ATK or DEF (defense) points, depending on whether the opponent's monster is in its Attack or Defense Position. Yu-Gi-Oh! Dark Duel Stories also allows them to defeat monsters based on card type or element weaknesses; here, the different between ATK or DEF points is not taken into account and the card with the weakness is instantly destroyed. In addition, cards in the Element List do not have an advantage over cards in the Special List and vice versa.
In order to duel, a player's Deck must contain 40 cards and be under their current deck cost limit, which is increased by winning duels. If the deck is over/under 40 cards or over the cost limit, the player will not be able to duel until the error is fixed. Certain cards may also not be included in their Deck unless they have the appropriate Duelist Level, which is also increased by winning duels. The deck cost limit and the Duelist Level do not decrease by losing.
Passwords
Players can input the 8-digit passwords found at the bottom of Yu-Gi-Oh! trading cards to receive that card in the in-game card trunk, provided that the password is compatible with the game (only the older expansion sets can be used, and certain cards will not work) As with cards obtained in-game, players can add saved cards from their chest to their deck, depending on how high a Duelist Level they have; the higher DL, the stronger the card allowed. Note that when using such a password, the card's effects will most likely change from the actual TCG card, due to the way Dark Duel Stories plays (using the standard Duel Monsters ruleset).
If a special password is typed in, Solomon Mutou will appear after matches and will give an additional card upon winning a match (including the one Teá gives the player). Solomon will also give them one extra Monster Card Part for each win as well.
There are also hidden passwords that unlock the hidden bosses in Stage 5, with the default being Yami Yugi. Whenever a password is inputted, the previous boss in that stage is replaced, but not deleted as inputting that boss' password again will re-enable them for battle. Furthermore, a boss' Record is never deleted; whenever the player switch between bosses, the old Records are hidden when another boss is "active" (to be replaced by the new boss' records), and the old records reappear whenever that boss becomes "active" again, hiding away the new boss' records.
Card creation
Dark Duel Stories allows the player to "create" cards using a top-half and a bottom-half Monster Card Part, which are earned by winning duels. Different card parts will produce different ATK and DEF results. After creation, these cards go to their in-game card trunk and can be put into their Deck later, provided they have made room for the card and their deck cost limit or Duelist Level meets the required level.
Development
The game was originally scheduled to release in North America in November 2001.
Release
Dark Duel Stories came bundled with three cards for the Yu-Gi-Oh! TCG that can be used in the real card game. Dark Duel Stories was packaged with two different sets of cards: Set 1 consists of Exodia the Forbidden One, Dark Magician and Blue Eyes White Dragon and Set 2 had Acid Trap Hole, Seiyaryu, and Salamandra. All 6 cards can be used in-game by collecting them after a won duel, or by using the password printed on the card.
Reception
GameSpot gave the game a score of 6.2 out of 10 stating, "Dark Duel Stories comes recommended to avid enthusiasts of the Duel Monsters card game, as well as players who are interested in trying out a new card game with plenty of replay value."
Sales
The game is the fourth best selling Game Boy Color game in Japan, with 726,518 copies sold.
References
2002 video games
Daylight Donut Flour Company, LLC, doing business as Daylight Donuts, is a privately owned and operated American chain of doughnut shops, founded in 1954 and headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The chain has approximately 950 locations in 13 countries. Each Daylight Donuts store is independently owned and operated.
History
Founding and expansion
The origins of Daylight Donuts can be traced back to Tommy and Lucille Day in 1954. The couple opened a small business in Tulsa, Oklahoma and began producing doughnut mix in the mornings and selling them to shops in the afternoon, mostly out of the trunk of their car. The couple created a new doughnut mixture that they believed was more flavorful and had a lighter consistency than many other doughnuts on the market. The couple decided to call this business, "Daylight Donuts Flour Co." Mr. Day, having previously worked in the baking industry, helped a friend, Mr. Durard Pendergraft open a small doughnut shop in Joplin, Missouri on September 22, 1954. The store initially sold doughnuts for 37 cents per dozen.
By 1960, the company had grown enough that the Days were able to hire two new employees and also built a 20,000 square foot facility for additional space. In 1977, the Days retired and sold the company to Jerry and Linda Hull. By this time, there were more than 200 Daylight Donuts stores in operation. Also during this time, the company began using its own fleet of trucks. In 2002, John and Sheila Bond purchased the company. The new owners expanded the production facility into a 65,000 square foot manufacturing facility. They also increased the products that were offered by the company. In 2003, the company started its own private label coffee and began selling it to shop owners.
Recent history
The original Daylight Donuts location (2124 S. Main Street) was destroyed in the 2011 Joplin tornado and has since relocated to 2316 S. Main Street. As of 2016, Daylight Donuts operates 430 licensed locations where Daylight Donuts are made and over 1,000 locations worldwide where they are sold. Additionally, Daylight Donut Flour Company, LLC produces 230,000 pounds of doughnut mix per week, enough mix for 2.5 million doughnuts weekly. Throughout its entire history, each Daylight Donuts store has been independently owned and operated.
See also
List of doughnut shops
References
1954 establishments in Oklahoma
Bakeries of the United States
Doughnut shops
Fast-food chains of the United States
Fast-food franchises
Restaurants established in 1954
Restaurants in Oklahoma
Charles Fleming (12 July 1927 – 14 August 1997) was a Scottish footballer who played for Blairhall Colliery, East Fife, Sunderland and the Scotland national team. Fleming was nicknamed 'Cannonball Charlie' for their shooting ability.
Fleming was born in Blairhall, Fife and joined East Fife from Blairhall Colliery and became an integral part of East Fife's success in the 1940s and 1950s. Fleming won the League Cup with East Fife in 1949 and 1953 and was part of the side that reached the 1950 Scottish Cup Final.
During their time with East Fife they won their only international cap, scoring twice for Scotland in a 3–1 win against Northern Ireland on 3 October 1953 at Windsor Park. The match counted for both the 1953–54 British Home Championship and 1954 FIFA World Cup qualification.
They moved to English club Sunderland in January 1955 for £20,000 (plus Tommy Wright in exchange) where they remained for three seasons. After their playing career they had managerial spells at Bath City in 1958 and Trowbridge Town in 1965. At Bath City they signed their ex East Fife teammate, Bobby Black. In 1964, they played in the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League with Toronto City.
External links
References
1927 births
1997 deaths
Association football forwards
Bath City F.C. managers
Bath City F.C. players
East Fife F.C. players
Toronto City players
People from Culross
Scotland international footballers
Scottish Football League players
Scottish football managers
Scottish footballers
Sunderland A.F.C. players
English Football League players
Scottish league football top scorers
Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League players
Scottish Junior Football Association players
Footballers from Fife
Blairhall Colliery F.C. players
Fábio Gonçalves dos Santos, commonly known as Fábio (born 19 September 1978 in São José dos Campos, Brazil) is a Brazilian football goalkeeper, who last played for Botafogo-SP.
Career
They were second choice behind fellow Brazilian Marcos after signing for Marítimo in 2006 from ADAP. Goiás officially signed the former Portuguesa's goalkeeper on 12 May 2010.
References
1978 births
Living people
People from São José dos Campos
Brazilian footballers
Brazilian expatriate footballers
C.S. Marítimo players
Primeira Liga players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série A player
Associação Portuguesa de Desportos players
Association football goalkeepers
Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube players
Associação Atlética Ponte Preta players
Adap Galo Maringá Football Club players
Associação Atlética Internacional (Limeira) players
Goiás Esporte Clube players
Oeste Futebol Clube players
Criciúma Esporte Clube players
Associação Desportiva São Caetano players
Botafogo Futebol Clube (SP) players
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
A Grant School is a special type of secondary school in Hong Kong. According to the current legislation, "Grant Schools" refer to "any secondary school which receives subsidies in accordance with the Code of Aid for Secondary Schools and which was, before 1 April 1973, in receipt of grants in accordance with the Grant Code". (Cap 279C) They were established by missionaries and churches in the nineteenth and early twentieth century, and receive grant-in-aid from the government to operate, thus named Grant Schools. Most of the Grant Schools in Hong Kong have good academic achievements.
Background
Historical context
The emergence of Grant Schools is related to a specific historical context. When the colony of Hong Kong was established as Britain's trading outpost in the Far East, the need emerged for local education: for trade as well as to administer the territory. However the colonial government was not able to provide an adequately high level of education. After the passage of the Elementary Education Act 1870 by the imperial parliament, which allowed state funding to Church schools, the colonial government followed suit and adopted similar measures to provide public education with limited financial resources.
The resulting 1873 Grant Code is a product of the asupervisorstioned development. It regulates the criteria for admission to the grant-in-aid scheme and the standards of the schools. The government also provides land and gives grants to establish schools. In turn, the duty of administering the day-to-day operation of the schools fell to the missionaries. Grant-in-aid from the government provided only partial financial income for the schools, donations and tuition fees were other sources to finance the schools. The government thus had the Church shoulder the financial and administrative burden of providing education, and in turn the Church had another platform to expand its missionary activities.
The number of Grant Schools peaked at the end of the 19th century, with more than 100 schools receiving grants under the Grant Code. The majority of the Grant Schools by that time were the vernacular schools which provided Chinese education. Nevertheless, these vernacular schools were criticised by the school inspectors for their appalling academic performance. Students were near-illiterate and could not handle subject knowledge. The government also introduced a parallel "Subsidy" system (using the Subsidy Code) which was less restrictive. Some schools opted for the new Subsidy and dropped the Grant, creating a fall-off in the number of Grant Schools. As a result, the government decided to abandon the Grant system in 1921 except for a few competent schools. For the newly founded schools after 1921, only the qualified ones were allowed to join the Grant system. They were mostly schools giving Western education in European languages. The remaining schools of the Grant system later formed the Grant Schools Council (see below) and continue to operate today.
Current situation
Since the introduction of universal primary education (1971) and junior secondary education (1978), the practical differences between the Grant Schools and other Subsidized Schools has diminished, with the exception of retaining legal distinctions. The Grant Code and Subsidy Code were unified as the Code of Aid (then regarded as "Aided Schools"), where government aid is paid, regardless of the school origin and prestige. But due to their distinguished history and alumni, the Grant Schools in Hong Kong have established themselves as a tier of elite schools in the territory. These schools prefer to preserve their former identities as Grant Schools.
A number of Grant Schools have recently joined the Direct Subsidy Scheme, another funding programme initiated by the government which allows greater freedom for schools to devise the curriculum, and set entrance requirements, and tuition fees , in high profile partly due to their dissatisfactions towards the perceived unfriendly education reform policy. These schools included :
Diocesan Boys' School
Diocesan Girls' School
St. Paul's Co-educational College
St. Paul's College
St. Paul's Convent School
Ying Wa College
Timeline
1873: Frederick Stewart, the Inspector of Schools, submitted for approval of the government a grant-in-aid scheme offering aids to mission schools, subject to certain conditions.
1873: The original Grant Code was put into force. The grants were to be paid according to the results of an annual examination on secular subjects conducted by the Inspector.
1879: The Grant Code was revised to abolish the conditions that enforced secularism in education. Schools run by the Catholics joined the Grant-in-aid scheme.
1893: The Grant Code was revised, offering building grants for "building, enlarging, improving or fitting up" schools.
1904: Grant payments by student result was abolished. Grants were then paid according to school inspection reports.
1914: In the 1914 Grant Code, grants were paid in the form of capitation grant (for each pupil presented for the examination).
1921: Due to the dissatisfaction of school performances and the intention to increase cost-effectiveness, the government removed most schools from the Grant-in-aid list except for a few competent ones.
1941: The Grant Code was revised. The new grant-in-aid scheme paid the difference between the approved expenditure and income from school fees and other sources.
1941: A provident fund (Grant Schools Provident Fund) for teaching staff was introduced in the revised Code, as one of the earliest teacher welfare benefits in Hong Kong.
1941–47: Owing to the outbreak of war, the implementation of the 1941 Grant Code was suspended, and not fully implemented until 1947.
Late 1950s: The government took gradual steps to unify the Grant and Subsidy systems. The Subsidy system, originally targeted at primary schools, was modified to provide suitable aid for secondary classes.
1960: The last member of the Grant system, St. Paul's Secondary School, was placed on the Grant-in-aid list.
1965: The White Paper on Educational Policy made a clear recommendation that a unified code of aid shall replace the Grant and Subsidy Codes.
1980: The Code of Aid for Secondary Schools was put into force. The Grant Code became defunct.
Grant Schools Council
The Grant Schools Council was formed in 1939 to reflect the interests of the Grant Schools. Consists of the principals and principals of the Grant Schools, there are currently twenty two members. The Council is highly critical of the education reform in recent years, as they see this as an attempt of the government to destroy these "relic institutes from the former dynasty".
See also
Education in Hong Kong
List of schools in Hong Kong
Notes
References
External links
Codes of Aid (1994), retrieved from the Education Bureau's website
Education in Hong Kong
School types
Sir Philip Carteret Silvester (1777–1828) was a captain in the Royal Navy
They were the son of Rear-admiral Philip Carteret, the circumnavigator, by their wife Mary Rachel, daughter of Sir John Baptist Silvester, M.D., F.R.S. (d. 1789), a Frenchman by birth, a Dutchman by education, and physician to the army in the Low Countries, under the Duke of Cumberland, during the War of the Austrian Succession (cf. Munk, Coll. of Phys. ii. 178).
Uncle John Silvester
Their mother's brother, whose title and name they eventually inherited, was Sir John Silvester (1745–1822), who graduated B.C.L. from St. John's College, Oxford, in 1764, was chosen Common Serjeant of London by the Corporation of London in 1790, and succeeded Sir John William Rose as Recorder of London in 1803. They were elected F.R.S. in 1780, F.S.A. in 1804, and was created D.C.L. by Oxford University in 1818. They were made a baronet on 27 December 1814, and died on 30 March 1822 at Chingford, Essex, where they were buried on 6 April (cf. Gent. Mag. 1822, i. 370; European Mag. January 1815).
Career
Young Carteret entered the navy in 1792, under the care of their father's old lieutenant, Captain (afterwards Admiral) Sir Erasmus Gower, on board Lion, in which they went out to China, and returned in 1794. They were then with Gower in the Triumph, and was slightly wounded in the partial engagement with the French fleet on 17 June 1795. On 8 October 1795 they were promoted to be lieutenant of the Impérieuse, frigate; they afterwards served in the Greyhound, Britannia, and Cambrian, in the Channel and on the coast of France; and on 29 April 1802 was promoted to be commander of the Bonne Citoyenne sloop in the Mediterranean. They were paid off in 1803, and in 1804 Carteret was appointed to the 18-gun brig Scorpion, in which they were actively employed in the North Sea; and on 11 April 1805 captured a Dutch vessel bound for the West Indies with a cargo of arms and military stores.
In December 1805 they were sent out to the West Indies, where, during the greater part of 1806, they were engaged in watching and sending intelligence of the French squadron under Willaumez, so that it was not till their return to England in the spring of 1807 that they received their commission as post-captain, dated 22 January 1806.
In 1809 they served as a volunteer on board the Superb, bearing the flag of Sir Richard Goodwin Keats, in the expedition to the Scheldt, where their conduct, especially in covering the evacuation of Walcheren, was highly commended by Sir Richard John Strachan, the commander-in-chief, and Commodore Owen, in actual command of the operations. In the summer of 1811 Carteret was appointed to the Naiad, a 46-gun frigate, in which on 20 September they were off Boulogne when a division of the French flotilla got under way and stood along the coast, under the eyes of Napoleon I, who, on the next day, witnessed a detachment of this division cut off, brought to action, and captured by the Naiad, with three gun brigs in company. The rest of the division escaped under the guns of the batteries which lined the coast.
Towards the close of 1812 Carteret was moved into the Pomone, a frigate of the same force as the Naiad, employed on the coast of France and the Lisbon station. On 21 October 1813, in hazy weather in the Bay of Biscay, they fell in with a French frigate under jury masts, much disabled by a recent gale, and at the same time sighted another large ship, which was supposed to be also a frigate. Carteret ran down to engage this, only to find that they were a Portuguese East Indiaman; and meanwhile the disabled French frigate had made good their escape, only to be captured, after very feeble resistance, two days later by the Andromache. At Lisbon it was reported that the Pomone had fled from the frigate, and Carteret applied for a court-martial, which was held, on their return to Plymouth, on 31 December Carteret was acquitted of all blame, and continued in command of the Pomone till the end of the war. On 4 June 1815 they were nominated a C.B., and about the same time was appointed to the Désirée, from which in October they were moved to the Active. In them they served for two years on the Jamaica station.
After their return in the autumn of 1817 they had no further employment. In January 1822 they took the name of Silvester in addition to Carteret, and on the death of their uncle, Sir John Silvester, without issue, on 30 March 1822, they succeeded to the baronetcy, by a special clause in the patent.
Death
They died unmarried at Leamington on 24 August 1828, when the title became extinct.
References
Attribution
Royal Navy officers
Philip
Baronets in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom
1777 births
1828 deaths
Carol Graham (born 1951) is an Irish contemporary artist.
Biography
Carol Graham was born in Belfast in 1951. They were educated in Cambridge House School, Ballymena before going on to study in the Belfast College of Art from 1970 to 1975. Graham is a portrait artist and has been commissioned to complete portraits for, among others, the barrister John P.B. Maxwell by the Bar Council of Northern Ireland as well James Galway, President Mary Robinson and President Mary McAleese. They began their career with a Arts Council bursary for the purchase of photographic equipment in 1976 and a commission for a portrait of Gloria Hunniford. Graham has also had a number of solo exhibitions including at The Arts Council Gallery, Belfast; The Tom Caldwell Gallery, Belfast and The Engine Room, Belfast; The Guinness Hop Store, Dublin; Elaine Somers Gallery, Holywood, and the Naughton Gallery at Queen's.  They are a member of The Royal Ulster Academy of Arts and was president from 2003 to 2006. Graham was awarded a Gold medal by the Royal Ulster Academy in both 1985 and 1996. Today their work includes landscapes and still lifes as well as portraits.
References
1951 births
Living people
20th-century women artists from Northern Ireland
20th-century Irish women artists
21st-century women artists from Northern Ireland
21st-century Irish women artists
Artists from Belfast
Irish women painters
Members of the Royal Ulster Academy
People from Ballymena
Wei Wei may refer to:
Wei Wei (male writer) (1920–2008), Chinese writer
Wei Wei (actor) (born 1922), Chinese actor
Wei Wei (singer) (born 1963), Chinese female singer
Wei Wei (female writer) (born 1970), Chinese writer
Wei Wei (comedian) (born 1982), Chinese comedian and one of the Back Dorm Boys
Wei Wei (basketball) (born 1989), Chinese female basketball player
Wei Wei (murderer) (1979–2019), Chinese murderer executed in Japan
See also
Wei Wu Wei (1895–1986), British Taoist philosopher and writer
Ai Weiwei (born 1957), Chinese artist
James Fennell (1766–1816) was an English actor and dramatist.
Early life
Fennell was born 11 December 1766. Their father was in the treasury department of the navy pay office. They went first to school at Bow under the Rev. Dr. French, and subsequently to Eton College. After a trip to France they entered Trinity College, Cambridge. Their life at the university was extravagant. Abandoning an idea of taking orders they entered Lincoln's Inn.
Stage career
In consequence of gambling debts they mortgaged to their father the money to which they were entitled, and when no further allowance could be obtained went to Edinburgh, June 1787, with a view to adopting the stage as a profession. Jackson, manager of the Theatre Royal, Edinburgh, engaged them as an amateur. Their first appearance, under the name of Cambray, from the resemblance of their own name to Fénelon, was as Othello. They played six times in Edinburgh with some success, and accepted an engagement for the following season.
Returning to London, they appeared at Covent Garden Theatre 12 October 1787 as Othello, and acted in other plays. Harris, the manager, offered to engage them and pay their forfeit (£200) to Jackson, but they returned to Edinburgh in time for the season of 1788. They worked diligently and conscientiously. They were to play Jaffier in Venice Preserv'd, the part of Pierre being assigned to an actor named Woods. A proposal that the parts should be exchanged led to a riot in the theatre and a bitter controversy, Fennell offering at one point to reveal a 'scene of villainy.' The Edinburgh lawyers took part against him, and addressed a letter to the manager (15 July 1788) signed by Henry Erskine (dean of faculty), and 182 advocates and writers. Fennell began an action against their persecutors, but ultimately consented to a compromise. They received £500, and their adversaries agreed to take tickets for a benefit. They also invited them to show themselves once more on the stage. They appeared accordingly as Othello. They gave one more performance in Edinburgh and went to London. They played Othello 25 Aug. at York, and was, says their employer, Tate Wilkinson, 'well received'. Three days later they enacted Don Felix to the Violente of Elizabeth Farren.
Upon their arrival in London they were arrested for debt. They were still helped by their father, who with other members of their family had disowned them when they took to the stage. They then acted at Richmond. They devoted themselves in London to literary and scientific schemes. They had reappeared at Covent Garden 16 October 1790 as Othello, and played there in the following season. In 1792 they married Miss H. B. Porter, third daughter of Dr. Porter.
In America
In 1793 they accepted an offer from Wignell, manager of the Philadelphia Theatre, and started for America. Between 1797 and 1806 they acted at many theatres in New York, Boston, and elsewhere without establishing a position. They gave readings and recitations at College Hall, Philadelphia, and for a time kept an academy at Charlestown, Massachusetts.
In 1814 they established salt-works near New London, Connecticut, and sometimes, in intervals of other occupations, resorted to manual labour. They also tried to establish in Philadelphia a school similar to Eton or Westminster. William Dunlap in their History of the American Theatres, pp. 231–3, and elsewhere, says they were a remarkably handsome man, over six feet in height, with light complexion and hair, and light grey eyes. Dunlap declares that they never paid their bills in Paris or Philadelphia, that they lived by fraud, and passed their life between a palace and a prison. They had been in 1794 the idol of the literary youth of Philadelphia.
Death
In 1815, at the Chestnut Street Theatre, Philadelphia, they were allowed to attempt Lear, but their memory was gone. They died 14 June 1816. The picture affixed to their 'Apology' shows a handsome but rather narrow head. Wherever they went they made friends. In Edinburgh, Home, the author of Douglas, Henry Mackenzie, author of The Man of Feeling, and other literary men consorted with him.
Works
 They are said to have edited the Theatrical Guardian, of which six weekly numbers are believed to have appeared in London, March and April 1791. While at Richmond they brought out their Linda and Clara, or the British Officer, a comedy in three acts, subsequently enlarged to five, and published London, 1791.
A trip to Paris in 1791 led to the publication of A Review of the Proceedings at Paris during the last Summer, London, n.d. [1792]. They refer to a play entitled a 'Picture of Paris,' which was acted once. Of this no trace is discoverable.
They wrote some verse epistles, one of them printed, and composed an 'Apology' for their life, Philadelphia, 1814. In a preface to this they represent themselves struggling with want, and dedicates it to Mimosa Sensitiva, apparently their wife, of whom and their 'drooping family' they speak. They resided some time with James Bruce, the African traveller, and claimed to have assisted them in their Travels.
References
Attribution
1766 births
1816 deaths
People educated at Eton College
English dramatists and playwrights
English male stage actors
18th-century English male actors
19th-century English male actors
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
English male dramatists and playwrights
"Nobody Speaks" is a song by American hip hop producer DJ Shadow, featuring rap verses from American rap duo Run the Jewels. The song was first a part of Run the Jewels' Record Store Day release, which was a virtual reality cardboard viewer that included a digital download code for the song. It also acted as the lead single from Shadow's fifth studio album, The Mountain Will Fall (2016). A music video for the song was released on August 24, 2016.
Composition
"Nobody Speaks" features rap verses from El-P and Killer Mike of rap duo Run the Jewels, who were credited as the song's writers alongside DJ Shadow. It contains a musical sample of "Ol' Man River" by Caterina Valente, and a lyrical sample from "Top Billin'" (from Audio Two's 1987 album What More Can I Say?).
The instrumental features a funk-like bass and drum groove, brass horns, as well as guitar loops. Shadow chose El-P and Killer Mike as collaborators due to their vocal style fitting the song's instrumental the most.
Release
"Nobody Speaks" was first made available through the Run the Jewels Record Store Day release. It consisted of a special virtual reality cardboard viewer, which held a code that granted the purchaser to a free digital download of the song. The song was eventually made available for a paid download through Mass Appeal Records. The song was later released as a limited edition 12" vinyl single on August 24, 2016 through Mass Appeal and Liquid Amber.
Music video
A music video for "Nobody Speaks" was released on August 24, 2016. The video, which has been described as "brutal [and] politically charged", features political representatives in a meeting. The leaders of the groups begin a rap battle against each other, which after around 90 seconds turns into an all-out brawl involving virtually everyone in the meeting room. The video finishes with one leader preparing to impale their counterpart with an American flag.
The leaders of the groups are played by Igor Tsyshkevych and Ian Bailey. Shadow commented on the video, saying that they wanted to make a "positive, life-affirming video that captures politicians at their election-year best. We got this instead." Killer Mike also commented on the video, saying that "It's such a dope video ... it's what I really wish Trump and Hillary would just do and get it over with."
The video was directed by Sam Pilling and features cameo appearances of Shadow, El-P, and Killer Mike. It was filmed at the "Ukrainian Dim" (Ukrainian House) exhibition center in Kyiv, Ukraine.
Use in media
The song has appeared in trailers for films including Suburbicon, Booksmart, and Good Boys.
A television ad campaign in 2021 for the electric Cadillac Lyriq automobile featured the instrumental portion of the song.
Track listing
Mass Appeal — MSAP0034 — Promotional CD-R and digital download single
Mass Appeal / Liquid Amber — MSAP0036LP — 12" vinyl single
Personnel
Personnel adapted from The Mountain Will Fall liner notes.
Tim Burns – trombone
DJ Shadow – arrangement, composing, mixing, production, programming
El-P – composing, vocals
Mikael Eldridge – mixing
Killer Mike – composing, vocals
Graham Pike – trumpet
Jake Telford – baritone and tenor saxophone
Charts
Certifications
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
DJ Shadow songs
Songs written by El-P
Songs written by Killer Mike
Songs written by DJ Shadow
Dolly Parton's Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love is a 2016 American made-for-television drama film based on a true story by Dolly Parton, written by Pamela K. Long and directed by Stephen Herek. The film is a sequel to Coat of Many Colors and premiered on NBC on November 30, 2016.
Plot
Family patriarch Lee Parton makes sacrifices to have enough money to buy their wife the wedding ring they could never afford. The children also sacrifice their own Christmas presents to give their mother this special gift. Dolly's Uncle Billy helps them begin to see that their voice and talent might extend beyond rural Tennessee. Various crisis situations, some life-threatening, make the family's Christmas a challenge.
Cast
Alyvia Alyn Lind as Dolly Parton
Jennifer Nettles as Avie Lee Parton, the devout matriarch of the Partons
Ricky Schroder as Robert Lee Parton, the hard-working patriarch of the Partons
Gerald McRaney as Rev. Jake Owens, Avie Lee's father and a preacher
Kelli Berglund as Willadeene Parton, the eldest sister of Dolly, who also strives to protect their family and siblings but their insecurities make them struggle sometimes and often feels alone.
Stella Parton as Corla Bass, owner of the town market and a gossip
Dolly Parton as the Painted Lady, a prostitute who befriends Dolly
Hannah Nordberg as Judy Ogle, Dolly's schoolmate
Mary Lane Haskell as Miss Moody, the school teacher of Dolly
Forrest Deal as Rudy Sanders, former school bully
Christopher Ryan Lewis as Claude Sanders, Rudy and Gloria's brother
Hannah Goergen as Cassie Parton
Farrah Mackenzie as Stella Parton, Dolly's younger sister
Parker Sack as David Parton, Dolly's oldest brother
Dylan Rowen as Denver Parton, Dolly's second-oldest brother
Blane Crockarell as Bobby Parton, Dolly's younger brother
Jane McNeill as Aunt Estelle
Cameron Jones as Uncle Billy, a musician trying to help Dolly become a star and the brother of Dolly's mother.
Production
Filming
Christmas of Many Colors was filmed in Covington, and Conyers, Georgia, and Sevier County, Tennessee, the latter at Dollywood for introductory and closing scenes from Dolly Parton. Filming took place during summer 2016.
Reception
Ratings
In its initial November 30, 2016 broadcast, Christmas of Many Colors was seen by 11.53 million viewers and received a 1.7/6 rating/share in the 18-49 age demographic.
Accolades
Christmas of Many Colors was nominated for Outstanding Television Movie at the 69th Primetime Emmy Awards, which aired September 17, 2017.
References
External links
2016 television films
2016 films
NBC networks original films
American Christmas films
Christmas television specials
Christmas
Films set in the 1950s
Films directed by Stephen Herek
Films shot in Georgia (U.S. state)
Films set in Tennessee
Films shot in Tennessee
The Thioalkalibacteraceae are a family of extremophiles, namely halophilic, alkaliphilic or alkalitolerant, mesophilic to thermophilic obligately chemolithoautotrophic organisms in the Chromatiales comprising the genus Thioalkalibacter and Guyparkeria. The family is closely related to the family Halothiobacillaceae of halotolerant, mesophilic obligate autotrophs.
The type genus of the family is Thioalkalibacter, and both genera in the family are obligate autotrophs that fix carbon dioxide into biological material using the Calvin-Benson-Bassham cycle (using form IAc RuBisCO) and oxidise sulfur oxyanions, sulfide and elementary sulfur as their electron donor. All genera use ubiquinone-8 as their major respiratory quinone and have a G+C fraction of 54-68 mol%. Unlikely the closely related family the Halothiobacillaceae, no detectable polythionate intermediates of sulfur oxidation are detectable, and the Thioalkalibacteracaceae are obligate halophiles rather than halotolerant, as well as alkaliphilic or alkalitolerant, rather than mesophilic or acidotolerant.
References
Bacteria families
Chromatiales
Metropolitan John (secular name Georgy Yevgenyevich Roshchin, ; 22 October 1974, Moscow) is a Metropolitan of the Russian Orthodox Church and primate of the diocese of Vienna and Budapest.
During 2014-2018 they served as the US-based titular bishop , vicar of the Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia.
Metropolitan John is also the former administrator of the Patriarchal Parishes in the USA.
Biography
Early life
In 1991, they graduated from Secondary School №4 in Moscow with depth study of English Language.
In 1991-1993, they studied at the Faculty of Law of the Sholokhov Moscow State University for Humanities with a specialization. During the same period, they served as an altar boy of the Church of the Life-Giving Trinity on Sparrow Hills.
During 1993-1994, they held obediences at the Pskov-Caves Monastery.
From 1994-1997, they studied at the Moscow Theological Seminary. During the seminary training they served guide of the Church archaeological cabinet at the Moscow Theological Academy and Seminary.
In 1996-1997, they worked as a staff member of the Publishing Council of the Russian Orthodox Church specializing in drafting liturgical guidelines.
In 1997, they were appointed the Secretariat for Inter-Christian Relations of the Moscow Patriarchate's Synodal Department for External Church Affairs.
In December 1998, they were a member of the Moscow Patriarchate's delegation at the Eighth Assembly of the World Council of Churches (Harare, Zimbabwe) and was elected to the WCC Central Committee.
During 1999-2000, they studied at Saint Vladimir's Orthodox Theological Seminary in Crestwood, New York. In 2000-2002, they studied at the Faculty of Philosophy at the Catholic University of America in Washington, DC.
From 2003 to 2009, as a member of the Secretariate on Church and Society of the Synodal Department for External Church Relations, they were in charge of inter-religious communication, including interaction with the Interreligious Council of Russia and the SNG Interreligious Council, and international interfaith organizations, was a member of the Commission of the Conference of European Churches "Islam in Europe", participated in the preparation and conduct of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Meetings of the joint Russian-Iranian commission "Islam-Christianity".
Ordination
On August 28, 2007, Metropolitan Kirill of Smolensk and Kaliningrad (the present Patriarch of Moscow and all Russia) ordained them a Deacon; on September 23, Kirill ordained them a priest.
On 27 July 2009, the Holy Synod appointed them Deputy Chairman of the Moscow Patriarchate Synodal Department for the Coordination of Church and Society.
In 2009, with the blessing of Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and all the Rus, they were a member of the Council for the Study of Religious Materials to identify extremist materials in the Ministry of Justice. They were the official representative of the Moscow Patriarchate in the Parliamentary Assembly of the Union of Belarus and Russia, a member of the Commission on organising state support and the development of original Cossack culture, a member of the Public Council under the Federal Drug Control Service, and a member of the Public Council under Rosreyestr.
From 2010 to 2013, they were the executive secretary of the Interreligious Council of the Commonwealth of Independent States.
On April 19, 2011 in the cathedral church of the Descent of the Holy Spirit of the stauropegial Conception Convent in Moscow, they were elevated to the rank of archpriest by the Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia.
On 4 October 2012, the Holy Synod appointed them representative of the World Russian People's Council at the UN and assigned them to St Nicholas Cathedral in New York City.
On 11 March 2014, with the blessing of Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and all Rus', the Superior of the Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius, Archbishop Theognost (Guzikov) of Sergiev Posad, tonsured them a monk with the name John in honour of St. John (Maximovitch) of Shanghai and San Francisco.
A Holy Synod decision, on 25 July 2014, appointed them as Administrator of the Patriarchal Parishes in the USA, and vicar bishop of the Diocese of Moscow with the title of bishop .
On July 28, 2014, Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia, at the Liturgy in the Cathedral of Christ the Savior, elevated them to the rank of archimandrite.
On August 1, 2014, in Church of George the Great Martyr at Poklonnaya Hill during the Divine Liturgy the Episcopal Consecration of Archimandrite John (Roshchin) as Bishop of Naro-Fominsk was performed by: Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and all Russia, Metropolitan Juvenaly (Poyarkov) of Krutisty and Kolomna, Metropolitan Hilarion (Alfeyev) of Volokolamsk, Archbishop Mark (Golovkov) of Yegorievsk, Bishop Sergius (Chashin) of Solnechnogorsk.
Primate of the Patriarchal Exarchate in Western Europe (PEWE)
On 15 October 2018, the Holy Synod of the Russian Orthodox Church appointed them , in charge of the parishes of the Russian Orthodox Church in Italy.
"On 28 December 2018,the Holy Synod appointed them as the primate of the Western Europe Exarchate, with the title "of Chersonesus and Western Europe", they were also simultaneously appointed as the primate of the diocese of Chersonesus. They temporarily continue[d] to administer the parishes in Italy."
"January 3, 2019: Patriarch Kirill elevated them to the dignity of metropolitan at the Kremlin Dormition Cathedral in Moscow, during the Divine Liturgy for the feast of Saint Peter, Metropolitan of Moscow." Nestor (Sirotenko) [ru] was previously the primate of the diocese of Chersonesus, but they were replaced by John (Roshchin) by the Holy Synod on 28 December 2018.
Metropolitan of Vienna and Budapest
On 30 May 2019, the Holy Synod of the ROC decided to appoint archbishop Anthony (Sevryuk) of Vienna and Budapest as primate of the PEWE and of the diocese of Chersonesus. At the same time, John (Roshchin), who was until then the primate of the PEWE and of the diocese of Chersonesus, was appointed as primate of the ROC diocese of Vienna and Budapest to replace archbishop Anthony. In the same decision, Bishop was appointed Bishop of Bogorodsk.
References
External links
Metropolitan Ioann to head Russian Orthodox in Europe // asianews.it, January 5, 2019
Bishops of the Russian Orthodox Church
Russian Orthodoxy in the United States
Eastern Orthodoxy in Austria
Eastern Orthodoxy in Hungary
21st-century Eastern Orthodox bishops
1974 births
Living people
"Never Be Anyone Else But You" is a song written by Baker Knight and recorded by Ricky Nelson with the vocal backing of the Jordanaires. The song reached #6 on the Billboard Hot 100 and #14 in the UK in 1959. It reached #3 in Norway. The song was featured on their 1959 album, Ricky Sings Again.
The song is ranked #42 on Billboard magazine's Top 100 songs of 1959.
In 2020, the song was featured in a commercial for Campbell's Chicken Noodle soup.
Other versions
Heidi Brühl released a version as a single in the Germany in 1959 entitled "Wir werden uns finden". It was the B-side to "Immer, wenn du bei mir bist", which reached #37 on the charts.
Ernie Sigley released a version as a single in the Australia in 1959 as the B-side to "It's Late".
Michael Cox sang the song on the show Oh Boy! in April 1959.
Rocky Sharpe and the Replays released a version as a single in the United Kingdom in 1981. They performed the song on the television program Musikladen.
Cliff Richard released a version originally on their limited release album Rock 'n' Roll Silver in 1983 and again the following year on The Rock Connection album.
Emmylou Harris released a version as a single in 1990 that reached #92 on the country chart in Canada. It was featured on their 1990 album, Brand New Dance.
References
1959 songs
1959 singles
1981 singles
1990 singles
Songs written by Baker Knight
Ricky Nelson songs
Cliff Richard songs
Emmylou Harris songs
Imperial Records singles
Philips Records singles
"The Immigrant" is a 1975 single written by Neil Sedaka and Phil Cody and performed by Sedaka. The single was the second release from their album, Sedaka's Back. "The Immigrant" was dedicated to John Lennon and the immigration problems that they faced. The single peaked at number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100 and spent one week at number one on the Easy Listening chart in May 1975.
Sedaka has referred to "The Immigrant" as their most controversial song and the only time they ever publicly waded into politics as a performer. According to Philip Cody, the song's lyric writer, it was originally written as a tribute to their father, Anthony Feliciotto, who came to America from Sicily in 1930. Sedaka's parents had also emigrated, from Russia/Poland.
Chart history
See also
List of number-one adult contemporary singles of 1975 (U.S.)
References
1975 singles
Neil Sedaka songs
Songs written by Neil Sedaka
The Rocket Record Company singles
John Lennon
1975 songs
Songs with lyrics by Phil Cody
The 2016–17 Argentine Primera División – Torneo de la Independencia was the 127th season of top-flight professional football in Argentina. The tournament was named in commemoration of the 200th anniversary of the Independence of Argentina.
The season began on August 26, 2016 and ended on June 27, 2017. Thirty teams competed in the league, twenty-nine returning from the 2016 season, and the addition of Talleres de Córdoba as the Primera B Nacional champion. Argentinos Juniors did not take part having been relegated the previous season.
Boca Juniors were crowned champions of Argentina for a 32nd time after rivals Banfield were beaten by San Lorenzo on June 20, 2017. As a result, Boca Juniors qualified for the 2018 Copa Libertadores and the 2017 Supercopa Argentina.
Competition format
The tournament for the 2016 season was composed of 30 teams. Each team played the other 29 teams in a single round-robin tournament, and also played an additional match against its main rival team, named "Fecha de Clásicos" (Derbies Fixture).
Club information
Stadia and locations
Personnel
Managerial changes
Interim Managers
1. Interim manager in the 1st round.
2. Alberto Fanesi was interim manager in the 5th round.
3. Juan Carlos Pires was interim manager in the 9th round.
4. Interim manager, but later promoted to manager.
5. Luciano Precone was interim manager in the 11th and 12th rounds.
6. Hugo Garelli was interim manager in the 12th–14th rounds.
7. Néstor Apuzzo was interim manager in the 13th and 14th rounds.
8. Juan Barbas was interim manager in the 13th and 14th rounds.
9. Leonardo Fernández was interim manager in the 14th round.
10. Fabián Castro was interim manager in the 17th round.
11. Leonardo Lemos was interim manager in the 19th round.
12. Eduardo Magnín was interim manager in the 22nd round.
13. Interim manager until the end of the tournament.
14. Diego Erroz was interim manager in the 29th round.
15. Interim manager in the 30th round.
League table
Results
Teams play every other team once (either at home or away), and play one additional round against their local derby rival (or assigned match by AFA if a club doesn't have derby), completing a total of 30 rounds.
Season statistics
Top Goalscorers
Source: AFA
Top Assists
Source: AFA
Relegation
Relegation at the end of the season is based on coefficients, which take into consideration the points obtained by the clubs during the present season and the three previous seasons (only seasons at the top-flight are counted). The total tally is then divided by the total number of games played in the top flight on those four seasons and an average is calculated. The four teams with the worst average at the end of the season are relegated to Primera B Nacional.
Source: AFA
See also
2016–17 Primera B Nacional
2015–16 Copa Argentina
2016–17 Copa Argentina
References
Argentine Primera División seasons
2016–17 in Argentine football leagues
Kevin Michael Salvadori (born December 30, 1970) is an American former professional basketball player. A center from the University of North Carolina, Salvadori went undrafted but did manage to play for the Sacramento Kings of the National Basketball Association for two seasons from 1996 to 1998. They were listed at 7'0".  They are currently an assistant basketball coach at Belmont Abbey College, a Division II program near Charlotte, North Carolina.
Their father, Al Salvadori, was drafted by the Baltimore Bullets in the 4th round (1st pick) of the 1967 NBA draft and was also selected by the Oakland Oaks of the American Basketball Association. Al Salvadori played one season for Oakland.
In their NBA career, Kevin Salvadori played in 39 games and scored a total of 42 points. They graduated from Seton-La Salle Catholic High School in Pittsburgh and was a member of North Carolina's 1993 National Championship team.
References
External links
Basketball-Reference stats
1970 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from West Virginia
Centers (basketball)
Florida Beachdogs players
North Carolina Tar Heels men's basketball players
Rockford Lightning players
Sacramento Kings players
Spirou Charleroi players
Sportspeople from Wheeling, West Virginia
Undrafted National Basketball Association players
The 2006–07 SM-liiga season was the 32nd season of the SM-liiga, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 14 teams participated in the league, and Karpat Oulu won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
Preliminary round
TPS - Pelicans 0:2 (0:2, 1:3)
Lukko - Ilves 1:2 (3:2, 1:2, 2:5)
Quarterfinals
Kärpät - Pelicans 4:0 (3:0, 2:0, 3:2 P, 1:0)
Jokerit - Ilves 4:0 (2:1, 4:1, 6:1, 4:2)
HPK - HIFK 4:1 (4:1, 1:2, 5:0, 4:2, 2:1 P)
Tappara - Blues 1:4 (3:2 P, 2:3 P, 1:7, 0:2, 1:2 P)
Semifinal
Kärpät - Blues 3:0 (4:1, 3:2, 3:2 P)
Jokerit - HPK 3:0 (2:1 P, 2:1 P, 4:0)
3rd place
HPK - Blues 7:2
Final
Kärpät - Jokerit 3:0 (3:2, 4:2, 5:2)
External links
SM-liiga official website
1
Finnish
Liiga seasons
The commemorative coins of Latvia are issued by the National Bank of Latvia, headquartered in Riga, Latvia, but minted outside Latvia by:
Rahapaja Oy (Mint of Finland): 3 + 26 coins
Valcambi sa (Switzerland): 14 coins
Royal Mint: 12 coins
Royal Dutch Mint: 6 coins
Austrian Mint: 5 coins
Berlin Mint 3 coins
Paris Mint: 1 coin
Commemorative circulation coins issued in 1993
Commemorative coins issued in 1995-2013
Sources
Currencies of Europe
Latvia
Latvia history-related lists
John IV, Duke of Krnov (also known as John IV of Opava-Racibórz or John the Elder; ; or ; –1483 in Wodzisław Śląski) was a member of the Opavian branch of the Bohemian Přemyslid dynasty. They were Duke of Krnov from 1452 to 1474 and Duke of Wodzisław Śląski from 1464 until their death.
Life
John IV was the elder son of Duke Nicholas V of Krnov and their wife, Margaret Clemm of Ellguth. John IV and their younger brother Wenceslaus III were still minors when their father died in 1452. Their step-mother, Barbara Rockemberg and their uncle Wenceslaus II (d. 1456) took up the regency. Afterh the brother came of age, they initially ruled their inheritance jointly. However, in 1464, the inheritance was divided. John IV received Krnov, Bruntál, and Wodzisław Śląski; Wenceslaus III received Rybnik, Żory and Pszczyna.
During the war between Bohemia and Hungary for supremacy in Bohemia, John IV supported the Bohemian King, George of Poděbrady, in 1469, and after George's death, their successor Vladislaus II. Because of this, King Matthias Corvinus of Hungary took John IV prisoner in 1474 and forced them to cede Krnov. john IV retained Wodzisław Śląski, where they died in 1483.
John's sister Barbara (d. 1510), who had married Duke Jan IV of Oświęcim in 1475, objected to Matthias Corvinus against the shameful treatment of their brothers and the theft of their father's inheritance. This was probably the reason why they styled John's widow as Lady of Wodzisław Śląski, Rybnik and Żory After Matthis Corvinus died in 1490, Barbara styled themselves as Lady of Krnov.
Notes
Citations
References
Ludwig Petry and Josef Joachim Menzel (eds.): Geschichte Schlesiens, vol. 1: Von der Urzeit bis zum Jahre 1526, 5th corrected ed., Thorbecke, Stuttgart, 1988, , pp. 191, 218 and 227. These authors call them Johann(es) III, Duke of Troppau-Ratibor.
Hugo Weczerka (ed.): Handbuch der historischen Stätten — Schlesien, in the series Kröners Taschenausgabe, vol. 316, Kröner, Stuttgart, 1977, , genealogical tables on p. 500 and 601
Rudolf Žáček: Dějiny Slezska v datech, Libri, Prague, 2004, , p. 438 ff
Opavian Přemyslids
1440 births
1483 deaths
15th-century Bohemian people
Year of birth uncertain
Ankyrin repeat domain 31 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ANKRD31 gene.
References
Further reading
Çifte Minareli Medrese (), literally "Double Minaret Madrasah", is a former medrese located in Sivas, Turkey. It was built in 1271/2. It was commissioned by Şemseddin Cüveynî an Ilkhanid vizier.
References
Buildings and structures in Sivas
Buildings and structures completed in 1271
Madrasas in Turkey
Tourist attractions in Sivas
Seljuk architecture
World Heritage Tentative List for Turkey
The Intrusive Suite of Buena Vista Crest is an intrusive suite which extends southward, from Yosemite Valley to Yosemite National Park's southeastern boundary, into plutons of the Sierra Nevada Batholith, which are slightly older. These intrusive suites also include
Fine Gold Intrusive Suite
Intrusive Suite of Jack Main Canyon
Intrusive Suite of Merced Peak
Intrusive Suite of Sonora Pass
Intrusive Suite of Yosemite Valley
Tuolumne Intrusive Suite
The age of the Intrusive Suite of Buena Vista Crest
The Intrusive Suite of Buena Vista Crest came to be roughly 100 to 90 Ma. It is roughly the same age as the Washburn Lake Intrusive Suite and the Merced Peak Intrusive Suite, both of which are to the east of the Intrusive Suite of Buena Vista Crest.
References
External links and references
HOW DEEP WAS THE INTRUSIVE SUITE OF BUENA VISTA CREST? CONTRASTING RESULTS FROM HORNBLENDE-PLAGIOCLASE THERMOBAROMETRY OF GRANODIORITES AND ZIRCON GEOCHRONOLOGY OF BROADLY COEVAL VOLCANICS (MINARETS AND MERCED PEAK COMPLEXES), SIERRA NEVADA BATHOLITH, CALIFORNIA
Instrusive Suite of Buena Vista Crest
Geology of California
Geology of Yosemite National Park
The Edge Hill Light Railway, one of Colonel Stephens' light railways, was in Warwickshire, England. It was designed to carry ironstone from Edge Hill Quarries to Burton Dassett where a junction was made with the Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway. It was never officially opened, but began operating in 1922.
In the middle of the line, there was a cable-worked inclined plane at 1 in 6 (16%). As the quarry was at the top of the incline, the incline could be worked as self-acting: the weight of full ore wagons descending was sufficient to draw the empties back up.
Within three years it was found that the iron ore deposits were uneconomic, and the line ceased operating in 1925. It was not dismantled until 1946. A caretaker was employed until the late 1930s in the possibility that the line could be re-opened. In 1942, permanent way from the lower portion of the line was requisitioned for the construction of the army depot now known as MoD Kineton. This had the effect of isolating the line, and the remaining stock at the top of the incline, from the main line and so they survived there until 1946.
Locomotives
Goods Stock
References
Further reading
External links
Edge Hill Light Railway, via The Colonel Stephens Railway Museum
Photos of the railway, via Yahoo
The line in relation to the SMJ, via SMJ Society
The line in 1945, via Michael Clemens Railways
https://web.archive.org/web/20100324132738/http://www.colonelstephenssociety.co.uk/EHLR%20photo%20gallery.html
http://warwickshirerailways.com/misc/ehlr.htm
Rail transport in Warwickshire
History of Warwickshire
Railway lines opened in 1922
Railway lines closed in 1925
HF Stephens
Horace Geoffrey "H.G." Quaritch Wales (1900 – 1981) was educated at Charterhouse School, and Queens' College, Cambridge. They were an adviser to Rama VI and Rama VII of Siam from 1924 to 1928.  They are the author of the study Siamese State Ceremonies (1931) and Ancient Siamese Government and Administration (1934).
Bibliography
Siamese State Ceremonies: their history and function First published in 1931. Republished with explanatory notes 1992. First edition digitized 2005.
Towards Angkor in the Footsteps of the Indian Invaders;;lwith a foreword by Sir Francis Younghusband... and with forty-two illustrations from photographs and several maps. 1937 Years of Blindness. 1943 ("memoir of their travels through Asia at the end of the British Empire and European Imperialism following World War I".--AbeBooks) Making of Greater India: a study in South-East Asian culture change. 1951 Ancient South-East Asian Warfare. 1952Prehistory and Religion in South-east Asia. 1957 Angkor and Rome; a historical comparison. 1965 Ancient Siamese Government and Administration. 1965 Indianization of China and of South-east Asia. 1967 Dvāravatī: the earliest kingdom of Siam (6th to 11th century A.D.) 1969Early Burma — Old Siam: a comparative commentary. 1973 Making of Greater India. 1974 ("This study deals with the process of acculturation of Indic cultural values in Southeast Asia. Gives consideration to the problem that, despite the successive Indic influence and other influences, the cultures of Java and Cambodia retained a distinctive character and were never just incongruous admixtures but are usually recognized as Indo-Javanese, Cham, or Khmer."--AbeBooks) Malay Peninsula in Hindu Times. 1976 Universe Around Them: cosmology and cosmic renewal in Indianized South-east Asia. 1977 Divination in Thailand: the hopes and fears of a Southeast Asian people''. 1983
Journal articles
Journal of the Siam Society [JSS]
JSS Vol. 44.2c (1956). "Origins of Sukhodaya Art"
JSS Vol. 45.1c (1957). "An Early Buddhist Civilization in Eastern Siam"
JSS Vol. 68.1e (1980). "Recent DvaravatI discoveries, and some Khmer comparisons"
References
External links
WorldCat
AbeBook Descriptions 2012-04-15. (Archived by WebCite® at https://www.webcitation.org/66welk5nU)
1900 births
1981 deaths
Historians of Southeast Asia
People educated at Charterhouse School
Alumni of Queens' College, Cambridge
20th-century English historians
The striolated manakin or western striped manakin (Machaeropterus striolatus) is a small South American species of passerine bird in the family Pipridae. It is found in west and north west Amazonia. The striolated manakin was formerly considered conspecific with the kinglet manakin (Machaeropterus regulus) with the common name "striped manakin". Males have a bright red crown, which the females lack.
Taxonomy
The striolated manakin was described by the French naturalist Charles Lucien Bonaparte in 1838 and given the binomial name Pipra striolata. The species is now placed in the genus Machaeropterus that was introduced by Bonaparte in 1854.
Five subspecies are recognised:
Machaeropterus striolatus antioquiae Chapman, 1924 – west and central Colombia
Machaeropterus striolatus striolatus (Bonaparte, 1838) – east Colombia, east Ecuador, east Peru and west Amazonian Brazil
Machaeropterus striolatus obscurostriatus Phelps & Gilliard, 1941 – northwest Venezuela
Machaeropterus striolatus zulianus Phelps & Phelps Jr, 1952 – west Venezuela
Machaeropterus striolatus aureopectus Phelps & Gilliard, 1941 – southeast Venezuela and west Guyana
The morphologically similar painted manakin from northern Peru was described in 2017. It differs from the striolated manakin in its vocalization.
Description
The striolated manakin is in length and weighs around . The male of the nominate race is olive green above with a red crown and nape. The underparts are streaked redish and white. The throat is whitish. The female lacks the red crown.
References
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
Striolated manakin
striolated manakin
striolated manakin
Heinrich von Wartenberg (died 26 April 1274 presumably in Arbon) was anti-abbot of the Abbey of Saint Gall from 1272 until 1274.
Heinrich was a descendant of the noble family of the Wartenbergs from the area of Baar on the upper Danube. Initially, they were a priest on Reichenau island. They moved to Saint Gall before Abbot Berchtold, their relative, died. On 14 June 1272, they were elected abbot by the convent of the abbey. However, the ministeriales concurrently elected Ulrich von Güttingen instead. Ulrich found stronger support, which led to Heinrich fleeing the abbey. Bishop Eberhard of Constance gave them refuge in Arbon and Pope Gregory X sent Ludwig of Dillingen as an arbitrator to settle the emerging dispute. While the feud of the two abbots was already reaching destructive proportions, Heinrich died unexpectedly on 26 April 1274.  They are buried in the Galluskapelle in Arbon, where Gallus, founder of Saint Gall, had last been active.
References
External links
Abt Heinrich von Wartenberg (1272–1274). in the city lexicon of Wil
1274 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Abbots of Saint Gall
Kintinku is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 7,493.
References
Wards of Singida Region
is a railway station in the city of Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator, Kōnan Railway Company
Lines
Matsukitai Station is served by the Kōnan Railway Ōwani Line, and lies 8.4 kilometers from the southern terminus of the line at Ōwani Station.
Station layout
The station has one side platform serving a single bi-directional track. There is no station building, but only a weather shelter on the platform. The station is unattended.
Adjacent stations
History
Matsukitai Station was opened on January 26, 1952, with the opening of the Ōwani Line.
Surrounding area
Shoeikai Matsuba Nursery
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
External links
Kōnan Railway home page
Location map
Railway stations in Aomori Prefecture
Konan Railway
Hirosaki
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1952
The following is a list of pilots and other aircrew who flew during the Battle of Britain, and were awarded the Battle of Britain Clasp to the 1939–45 Star by flying at least one authorised operational sortie with an eligible unit of the Royal Air Force or Fleet Air Arm during the period from 0001 hours on 10 July to 2359 hours 31 October 1940.
History
In 1942, the Air Ministry made the decision to compile a list from records of the names of pilots who had lost their lives as a result of the fighting during the Battle of Britain for the purpose of building a national memorial. This became the Battle of Britain Chapel at Westminster Abbey, which was unveiled by King George VI on 10 July 1947. The Roll of Honour within the Chapel contains the names of 1,497 pilots and aircrew killed or mortally wounded during the Battle.
Nothing was done officially, however, to define the qualifications for the classification of a Battle of Britain airman until 9 November 1960. AMO N850, published by the Air Ministry, stated for the first time the requirements for the awarding of the Battle of Britain Star, and listed the 71 units which were deemed to have been under the control of RAF Fighter Command.
In 1955 Flt Lt John Holloway, a serving RAF officer, began a personal challenge to compile a complete list of "The Few". After fourteen years of research Flt Lt Holloway had 2,946 names on the list. Of these airmen, 537 were killed during the Battle or later died of wounds received.
The Battle of Britain Memorial Trust, founded by Geoffrey Page, raised funds for the construction of the Battle of Britain Memorial at Capel-le-Ferne near Folkestone in Kent. The Memorial, unveiled by Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother on 9 July 1993, shares the site with the Christopher Foxley-Norris Memorial Wall on which a complete list of "The Few" is engraved.
More recently, the Battle of Britain Monument on the Victoria Embankment in London was unveiled on 18 September 2005 by Their Royal Highnesses the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall. The idea for the monument was conceived by the Battle of Britain Historical Society which then set about raising funds for its construction. The outside of the monument is lined with bronze plaques listing all the Allied airmen who took part in the Battle.
G
H
I
J
K
Notes on table
Ranks given are those held during the Battle of Britain, although a higher rank may have been achieved after the Battle.
All individuals listed in bold and highlighted in silver are believed to be still alive.
Aircrew listed as KIA, MIA, WIA or KIFA during the Battle of Britain are highlighted in blue.
The awards listed include those made during the Battle of Britain and during the remainder of World War II, as well as any made post-war.
In order to limit the numbers of footnotes which would otherwise be required, the symbol ‡ under "Notes" indicates several entries in the text of Ramsay 1989, while the symbol † indicates that information on the circumstances under which an airman became a casualty during the Battle is included in the text of the book. Where more than one crew member of a multi place aircraft was involved this is included as a cross-reference under "Notes"
In addition to 2,353 British aircrew, the RAF Roll of Honour recognises 574 personnel from other countries; namely:
Australia, Barbados, Belgium, Canada, Czechoslovakia, France, Ireland, Jamaica, Newfoundland, New Zealand, Poland, Rhodesia, South Africa and the United States.
Abbreviations
(CO) after "Sqn" denotes Commanding Officer of that squadron, as per the RAF Fighter Command Order of Battle on 15 September 1940, unless otherwise indicated.
(FAA) after a rank denotes a member of the Fleet Air Arm rather than the RAF.
"KIA" – "killed in action"
"KIFA" – "killed in flying accident", i.e. not during combat
"MIA" – "missing in action".
"WIA" – "wounded in action" leading to death which, in some cases, may have occurred months later.
"POW" – "prisoner of war".
For details of RAF rank abbreviations, see RAF Commissioned Officer Ranks and RAF Non-Commissioned Officer Ranks.
For details of FAA rank abbreviations, see FAA Commissioned Officer Ranks.
Nationalities
Awards
See also
Non-British personnel in the RAF during the Battle of Britain
List of World War II aces from the United Kingdom
List of World War II flying aces by country
List of World War II flying aces
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (A–C)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (D–F)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (L–N)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (O–R)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (S–U)
List of RAF aircrew in the Battle of Britain (V–Z)
References
Notes
Bibliography
Ramsay, Winston, ed. The Battle of Britain Then and Now Mk V. London: Battle of Britain Prints International Ltd, 1989. .
Ringlstetter, Herbert (2005). Helmut Wick, An Illustrated Biography of the Luftwaffe Ace And Commander of Jagdgeschwader 2 During The Battle of Britain. Atglen, PA: Schiffer Publishing. .
Remembering the Battle of Britain
Robert Dixon, '607 Squadrons: A Shade of Blue'. The History Press 2008.
Robert Dixon, 'A Gathering of Eagles' PublishBritannica 2004,
RAF aircrew
The Tallulah Men's Club Building, also known as the Tallulah Club, is a two-story brick Colonial Revival building that was built in c.1929. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on November 7, 1991.
It has a four-column portico. It is located across from the Madison Parish courthouse.
See also
Tallulah Book Club Building, NRHP-listed library and women's clubhouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Madison Parish, Louisiana
References
Colonial Revival architecture in Louisiana
Buildings and structures completed in 1929
Buildings and structures in Madison Parish, Louisiana
Clubhouses in Louisiana
Clubhouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Louisiana
Men's club buildings
National Register of Historic Places in Madison Parish, Louisiana
Thomas Clayton (July 1777 – August 21, 1854) was an American lawyer and politician from Dover in Kent County, Delaware. They were a member of the Federalist Party and later the National Republican Party and the Whig Party. They served in the Delaware General Assembly, as Attorney General of Delaware, as Secretary of State of Delaware, as Chief Justice of the Delaware Supreme Court, as U.S. Representative from Delaware, and as U.S. Senator from Delaware. In 1846 they were one of two members of the United States Senate to vote against declaring war on Mexico.
Early life and family
Clayton was born at Massey in Kent County, Maryland, son of the former Governor of Delaware, Dr. Joshua Clayton, and Rachael McCleary Clayton. It is said they were born while their mother was fleeing invading British troops on the way from their Elk River landing to the Battle of Brandywine. While the Clayton's were natives of Kent County, Delaware, Rachael McCleary was the niece and adopted daughter of Richard Bassett, the aristocratic heir to the expansive Bohemia Manor estates. The family lived at Bohemia Manor and through this connection, Joshua Clayton later acquired their homestead from these estates, in Pencader A Hundred, New Castle County.
Thomas Clayton graduated from the Newark Academy, now the University of Delaware, studied law under Nicholas Ridgely in Dover, Delaware, and began a law practice there in 1799. Their wife's name was Jennette Macomb, they had four children, and belonged to the Presbyterian Church. They were the cousin of U.S. Senator John M. Clayton.
Professional and political career
While pursuing their practice of the law, Clayton began their public career as the clerk of the Delaware House of Representatives in 1800. They then served as a member of that body for 8 years, between the 1803 session and the 1814 session. They were elected to the Delaware Senate for the 1808 session, but resigned to become the Delaware Secretary of State for 2 years. Subsequently, they were appointed the Delaware Attorney General and served in that office from 1810 until 1815.
In 1814 Clayton was elected as a Federalist to one of two at-large seats Delaware had in the U.S. House of Representatives, and served one term there, from March 4, 1815 until March 3, 1817. While they were in Congress, it was proposed that the compensation given U.S. Representatives be increased $6 a day to $1,500 a year. Clayton supported the change, but it became very controversial, and their support of it caused them to lose the nomination of the Federalist Party to Louis McLane, beginning a long rivalry between the two men.
Clayton narrowly failed in an attempt to return to the U.S. House of Representatives in the 1818 election, but was returned to the Delaware Senate again in 1821. Then, when Caesar A. Rodney resigned as U.S. Senator from Delaware, the General Assembly elected them to serve out the term, from January 8, 1824 to March 3, 1827. This was the time when the old party system of Federalists and Jeffersonian Republicans was giving way to the Jacksonian Democrats, and those opposed to Jackson. Clayton, their family, and much of the old Federalist following in Delaware, aligned themselves with John Quincy Adams, and the National Republicans who would later become Whigs.
After their term in the U.S. Senate ended, Clayton was appointed Chief Justice of the Delaware Court of Common Pleas in 1828. This court ceased to exist with the new Delaware Constitution of 1831, and Clayton was appointed Chief Justice of the new Delaware Superior Court in 1832. In 1833, Chief Justice Clayton became one of the initial trustees of Newark College in Newark, Delaware, which would later become the University of Delaware.
In 1837, Clayton's cousin, U.S. Senator John M. Clayton, resigned their office. Thomas Clayton was once again elected to the U.S. Senate to finish the term. After it ended, they were reelected in 1841 and served from January 9, 1837 to March 3, 1847. During this second period of service in the Senate, Clayton was at various times the Chairman of the Committee on Printing and a member of the Committee of Revolutionary Claims.
Death and legacy
Clayton died of pneumonia at their retirement home at New Castle and is buried in the Old Presbyterian Cemetery, which is at Dover, on the grounds of the Delaware State Museum.
"A handsome man with polished manners, they were a stickler for dignity, decorum and punctuality at court session, and once ordered themselves fined $10 for being 10 minutes late in appearing in court."
Thomas Scharf comments: "Chief Justice Clayton was profoundly versed in the principles of the law. They had a marvelous skill in perceiving the vital points of a case, largely due to their almost intuitive grasp of fundamental principles. They were prompt in deciding the merits of an issue and felicitous in the precision with which they formulated facts and conclusions. Their words were few but masterly in force and point. Judge Clayton was eminently impartial in their judicial capacity. Neither distinction of the person nor relationships swayed their judgments. With respect to the lawyers at the Bar, they made no difference in the administration of rules between the eminent John M. Clayton and their own son who was a practitioner at the same bar. They meted out to all the same even-handed justice, and required of all the same respectful regard for the law and for decorum."
Almanac
Elections were held the first Tuesday of October. Members of the General Assembly took office on the first Tuesday of January. State Senators had a three-year term and State Representatives had a one-year term. The Secretary of State and Attorney General were appointed by the Governor and took office on the third Tuesday of January for a five-year term. U.S. Representatives took office March 4 and have a two-year term.
The General Assembly chose the U.S. Senators, who also took office March 4, but for a six-year term. In this case, they were initially completing the existing term, the vacancy caused by the resignation of Caesar A. Rodney. However, the General Assembly failed to fill the position for nearly a year.
Notes
References
External links
Biographical Directory of the United States Congress
Delaware's Members of Congress
The Political Graveyard
1777 births
1854 deaths
People from Cecil County, Maryland
Presbyterians from Maryland
Federalist Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Delaware
National Republican Party United States senators from Delaware
Whig Party United States senators from Delaware
Delaware Attorneys General
Secretaries of State of Delaware
Members of the Delaware House of Representatives
Delaware state senators
Chief Justices of Delaware
Delaware Court of Common Pleas judges
People from Dover, Delaware
Delaware lawyers
19th-century American lawyers
University of Delaware alumni
Deaths from pneumonia in Delaware
Burials in Dover, Delaware
The X Factor Digital Experience is a live digital pre-show produced by SYCOtv, FOX, Sony and FremantleMedia North America that aired in 2011 ahead of The X Factor. In addition to watching the program live on television, the audience was able to participate on multiple platforms in real-time.
Participants could start online with the streaming digital pre-show one hour prior to each live televised broadcast. Hosts Taryn Southern, Jim Cantiello and Dan Levy along with guests—including judges Simon Cowell, L.A. Reid, Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger—and participants discussed performances, contestant's fashion, and song choices. Participants could tweet questions live to the hosts and their guests and some fans were selected to join the live-stream via Skype.
X Factor Digital was honored with a Cannes Bronze Lion for Branded Content and Entertainment at the Cannes Lions 59th International Festival of Creativity and was an Official Honoree in the Interactive Advertising category for the 16th Annual Webby Awards.
References
External links
American non-fiction web series
Video bloggers
Unicompartmental knee arthroplasty (UKA) is a surgical procedure used to relieve arthritis in one of the knee compartments in which the damaged parts of the knee are replaced. UKA surgery may reduce post-operative pain and have a shorter recovery period than a total knee replacement procedure, particularly in people over 75 years of age. Moreover, UKAs may require a smaller incision, less tissue damage, and faster recovery times.
In the United States, the procedure constitutes approximately 8% of knee arthroplasties. In comparisons with a more extensive surgical procedure called high tibial osteotomy, UKA has equal or better outcomes.
Background
In the early 1950s, Duncan C. McKeever theorized that osteoarthritis could be isolated to only one compartment of the knee joint, and that replacement of the entire knee might not be necessary if only one knee compartment were affected. The UKA concept was designed to cause less trauma or damage than traditional total knee replacement by removing less bone and trying to maintain most of the person's bone and anatomy. The concept was also designed to use smaller implants and thereby keep most of the person's bone, helping them return to normal function faster.
Initially, UKAs were not always successful, because the implants were poorly designed, people needing the surgery were not thoroughly screened for suitability, and optimal surgical techniques were not developed. Advancements have been made to improve the design of the implants. Also, choosing the best-suited people was emphasized to ensure that surgeons followed the indications and contraindications for partial replacement. Proper selection, following the indications/contraindications, and performing the surgery well are key factors for the success of UKA.
Indications and contraindications
UKA may be suitable for people with moderate joint disease caused by painful osteoarthritis or traumatic injury, a history of unsuccessful surgical procedures or poor bone density that precludes other types of knee surgery. People who may not be eligible for a UKA include those with an active or suspected infection in or about the knee joint, may have a known sensitivity to device materials, have bone infections or disease that result in an inability to support or fixate the new implant to the bone, have inflammatory arthritis, have major deformities that can affect the knee mechanical axis, have neuromuscular disorders that may compromise motor control and/or stability, have any mental neuromuscular disorder, are obese, have lost a severe amount of bone from the shin (tibia) or have severe tibial deformities, have recurring subluxation of the knee joint, have untreated damage to the knee cap and thigh bone joint (patellofemoral joint), have untreated damage to the opposite compartment or the same side of the knee not being replaced by a device, and/or have instability of the knee ligaments such that the postoperative stability the UKA would be compromised.
The anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) should be intact, although this is debated by clinicians for people who need a medial compartment replacement. For people needing a lateral compartment replacement, the ACL should be intact and is contraindicated for people with ACL-deficient knees because the lateral component has more motion than the medial compartment.
History and physical examination
A physical examination and getting the subject's history is performed before getting surgery. A person with pain in one area of the knee may be a candidate for UKA. However, a person with pain in multiple areas of the knee may not be a good candidate for UKA. The doctor may take some radiographs (e.g., x-rays) to check for degeneration of the other knee compartments and evaluate the knee. The physical exam may also include special tests designed to test the ligaments of the knee and other anatomical structures. Most likely, the surgeon will decide to do a UKA during surgery where he/she can directly see the status of the other compartments.
Surgical information
The surgeon may choose which type of incision and implant to use for the subject's knee. During the surgery, the surgeon may align the instruments to determine the amount of bone to remove. The surgeon removes bone from the (tibia) and thigh bone (femur). The surgeon may decide to check if the appropriate amount of bone was removed during the surgery. In order to make sure that the proper size implant is used, a surgeon may choose to use a temporary trial. After making sure the proper size implant is selected, the surgeon will put the implant on the ends of the bone and secure it with pegs. Finally, the surgeon will close the wound with sutures.
The unicompartmental replacement is a minimally invasive option for people whose arthritis is isolated to either the medial or the lateral compartment. The procedure offers several benefits for patients with a moderately active lifestyle, who have arthritis in just one knee compartment, and who are within normal weight ranges. The surgeon uses an incision of just 3-4 inches; a total knee replacement typically requires an incision of 8-12 inches. The partial replacement does not disrupt the knee cap, which makes for a shorter rehabilitation period. A partial replacement also causes minimal blood loss during the procedure, and results in considerably less post-operative pain. The hospitalization time compared with a total knee replacement is also greatly reduced.
Benefits
The potential benefits of UKA include a smaller incision because the UKA implants are smaller than the total knee replacements, and the surgeon may make a smaller incision. This may lead to a smaller scar. Another potential benefit is less post-operative pain because less bone is removed. Also, a quicker operation and shorter recovery period may be a result of less bone being removed during the operation and the soft tissue may sustain less trauma. Also, the rehabilitation process may be more progressive. More specific benefits of UKA are that it may improve range of motion, reduce blood loss during surgery, reduce the person's time spent in the hospital, and decrease costs.
In 2018, two of the most significant benefits of UKA or partial knee replacements are:
1. Partial knee replacement subjects report that their replaced knee feels more like their original non-replaced knee as compared to a total knee replacement
2, Partial knee replacements leave other options open to further advances. By not replacing the rest of the knee with metal and plastic, if other options exist in years to come for arthritis in these areas then a partial knee replacement does not burn that bridge.
Risks
Blood clots (also known as deep vein thrombosis) are a common complication after surgery. However, a doctor may prescribe certain medications to help prevent blood clots. Infection may occur after surgery. However, antibiotics may be prescribed by a doctor to help prevent infections. Individual factors (e.g., anatomy, weight, prior medical history, prior joint surgeries) should be addressed with the surgery subject. The causes of long-term failure of UKAs include polyethylene wear, loosening of the implant, and degeneration of the adjacent knee compartment.
Long-term results
Long-term studies reported excellent outcomes for UKA, partly due to subject screening, minimizing the amount of bone that is removed, and using the proper surgical technique. One study found that at a minimum of 10 years follow-up time after the initial surgery, the overall survival rate of the implant was 96%. Also, 92% of the people in this study had excellent or good outcome. Another study, reported that at 15 years follow-up time after the initial surgery, the overall rate of the implant was 93% and 91% of these people reported good or excellent outcomes.
References
External links
Medline Plus
Orthopedic surgical procedures
Implants (medicine)
Prosthetics
Knee treatments
Super Typhoon Emma was a powerful typhoon that brought winds and of rain to Okinawa (then US territory of the Ryukyu Islands) and South Korea. Emma left 77 people dead and over $8 million (1956 USD) in damage. Emma was one of several typhoons to cause significant damage to Okinawa during the mid-1950s.
Meteorological history
Forming from a tropical disturbance near the Mariana Islands, Emma churned southwest before gaining typhoon status on September 3. Emma then recurved after reaching Category 3 status. Moving west-northwest, Emma reached a peak intensity of as it bypassed Okinawa. Emma then brushed South Korea and Kyūshū as a strong Category 3 typhoon before swinging to the northeast and hitting China and the far eastern Soviet Union.
Preparations
The Tokyo Weather Center began to issue warnings when Emma was spotted on September 3, east-southeast of Iwo Jima. During the preparations, bread and milk were stocked and U.S. installations in Okinawa were placed on alert. An army hospital in Ryūkyū was evacuated as patients were transferred to storm shelters where they had pie and beans.
Impact
Emma killed 77 people and caused $8–12 million (1956 dollars) in damage across Okinawa and South Korea.
Okinawa
Most heeded typhoon watches, either evacuating or bolting storm shutters and stowing away light equipment. On Okinawa's eastern beaches however, more than a dozen marines who were unaware of the danger came to the beaches eager to surf in the thundering waves. Eleven of the Marines had already paddled out into open water when they realized the danger, but it was too late. A strong rip current had overwhelmed the soldiers and all eleven marines drowned.
When the storm struck, it brought gusts that ripped apart runways and smashed hangars. Heavy rains brought flashfloods that damaged homes and buildings. A total of fell at Kadena Air Force Base in 21 hours on September 8. By the time Emma left the battered island, there was $8 million (1956 US dollars) in damage.
The U.S.-held island of Okinawa was hard hit by Emma. Numerous planes, runways and barracks were ether damaged or destroyed. The island was in the recovering phases when in 1957, Typhoon Faye, another powerful typhoon did the same damage ($11.3 million (1957 dollars)). Later the island was struck again by Typhoon Charlotte of 1959.
Elsewhere
On Kyūshū, Emma brought 22 inches of rain that caused extensive flooding which left 34 people dead and thousands homeless. At its landfall near South Korea. Emma sank dozens of ships and wrecked homes and buildings. In all 42 people were dead and 35 missing, most of them fishermen.
Loss of a hurricane hunter
Emma was also one of the few tropical cyclones to down a plane. It was a Boeing RB-50 hurricane hunter plane, which was sent up to study wind velocities in the storm's right front quadrant. The plane went down in the storm, taking all 16 crew members with it. Although no direct cause was stated, it was speculated that the winds of the typhoon caused the airplane to go into a tailspin. Another theory was that the low pressures caused the plane's altimeters to give a false reading, and that caused the pilots to assume that they were flying much higher than they actually were, causing them to continue flying on their assumed altitude until they crashed. The theory was also applied to what happened to a hurricane hunter which crashed during Hurricane Janet in 1955.
See also
Other storms of the same name
Sources
Book
David Longshore. "Typhoon Emma." Encyclopedia of Hurricanes, Typhoons and Cyclones. David Longshore. New York: Facts on File, 1998, Pg; 113-114.
World Wide Web
Typhoon Emma Report at the United States Army Center of Military History
JMA General Information of Typhoon Emma (5612) from Digital Typhoon
Disaster Information of Typhoon Emma (5612) from Digital Typhoon
Unisys (Typhoon Emma track)
Unisys (Typhoon Emma Best track data from JTWC)
Notes
1956 Pacific typhoon season
Typhoons in Japan
Typhoons in South Korea
Typhoons in Russia
Typhoon Emma
Typhoons
Oak Hill is an historic home of the Marshall family in Delaplane, Virginia and a working farm with a view of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
It lies north of I-66, just east of the US-17/Delaplane exit from westbound I-66. It consists of two separate houses connected by a passageway. The earlier and smaller house, a Colonial farmhouse measuring , was built in 1773 by Colonel Thomas Marshall, father of John Marshall, Chief Justice of the United States. John Marshall lived in the Oak Hill house until their marriage in 1783.
In 1819, John Marshall built an attached temple-form Classical Revival house for their firstborn son, lawyer and future delegate Thomas. Thomas died in 1835 and their son, CSA Lt.Col. Thomas Marshall in late 1864, so Oak Hill was sold out of the Marshall family. The property is now a private residence. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.
Oak Hill is currently owned by Charles Chamberlain. It is located directly to the North of Barrel Oak Winery, and has three acres of Norton grapes planted on the Westward-facing slope facing I-66.
References
External links
John Marshall House, U.S. Route 17 vicinity, Marshall, Fauquier County, VA at the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS)
Georgian architecture in Virginia
Federal architecture in Virginia
Houses completed in 1773
Houses completed in 1819
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses in Fauquier County, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fauquier County, Virginia
Historic American Buildings Survey in Virginia
A seasonal beer is a beer that is typically brewed during or for a particular season, holiday or festival period. Many breweries and microbreweries produce seasonal beers. Seasonal beers may be produced when fresh ingredients are available during various seasons, per climatic conditions during the time of the year, and also as a tradition. Furthermore, seasonal beer is produced based upon seasons, holidays, festivals and events.
By season
Spring
Lambic has been described as a seasonal beer that is prepared during the winter for consumption in spring and summer months. Traditionally, the preparation of lambic includes leaving the wort mixture outside overnight to absorb wild yeasts in the air. It is also prepared with beer yeast for fermentation and bacteria such as lactobacillus and acetobacter for aging, after which time during the warmer spring and summer seasons, the wild yeasts and souring bacteria in the mix predominantly influence the final product's flavor and characteristics. They are aged in wooden barrels or stainless steel tanks. Lambics are typically liberally hopped as a preservative to control bacteria levels, however the hops are usually aged as to not add too much bitterness. Some varieties are aged for years. They typically have a slight sweetness, along with a distinct sourness.
Summer
Summer seasonal beers are typically formulated for warmer weather, and are typically light-bodied. They may have citrus or fruity flavor, which may be accented with the use of honey, brewing spices and floral hops. Many summer seasonal beers are ales and wheat ales.
Saison (literally the French translation of season) has been described as a summer seasonal beer. As a beer style, the saison originated from ales brewed during the cooler and less active months in farmhouses in Wallonia, the French-speaking region of Belgium, and then stored for drinking by the farmworkers during the summer months. General characteristics include a fruity flavor and smell, light or bitter hoppiness, pale orange body, thick head, and a light- to medium-body.
Autumn
Autumn seasonal beers may incorporate the use of spices such as cinnamon and nutmeg, which serves to associate the season with the beer's flavor, or to create a "frame of reference unique to that season".
In Germany and the United States, Oktoberfestbier or Märzen, originally produced for the Oktoberfest celebrations held in Munich, are commonly released throughout September and October. Beers served at modern Oktoberfests tend to be lighter lagers, while traditional recipes are amber-colored, dry, and malty.
Bière de Garde (English: "beer for keeping") is a seasonal beer that is traditionally brewed in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France. It is brewed in Autumn, after which it is stored during the winter, to be consumed during the next year. Bière de Garde was originally brewed in farmhouses in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region. Varieties of Bière de Garde are produced by some American craft brewers. Some of these American varieties have a high alcohol by volume content, ranging from 7-9%.
Pumpkin ale is often brewed as an autumn seasonal beer. Well-known examples include Saint Arnold's Pumpkinator, Shipyard's Pumpkinhead, and Schlafly's Pumpkin Ale.
Winter
Bock was traditionally produced during winter for consumption during either winter or Lent and Easter festivals in the spring.
Winter warmers are a type of winter seasonal beer. These include old ales and mild ales that have been brewed during the winter months. Prior to the times of the Industrial Revolution in the mid-eighteenth century in England, some winter warmers were aged in barrels for months, and even years, which added to their flavor profile. The barrels were typically made from oak. During this time, tannins from the wooden barrels served to add flavor notes to winter warmers, and wild yeasts added a mild sour flavor. Winter warmers also sometimes have spices added for additional flavor and tend to be full-bodied, darker, and malt-driven styles.
Wassail-style beer is sometimes described or categorized as a winter warmer.
By holiday
Seasonal beers produced for Thanksgiving and Christmas include pumpkin ale and gingerbread-flavored beer. Holiday spiced beers may also be brewed with orange zest to add flavor.
Christmas beer
Christmas beer is seasonal beer brewed for consumption during Christmas or the winter in a number of countries. Some varieties of Christmas beer may be strong and spiced with a variety of unusual ingredients. Spices used in Christmas beer varieties includes allspice, cardamom, cinnamon, clove, nutmeg and star anise. Christmas beers are sometimes referred to as winter warmers.
The style of beer dates back to at least 2,000 years, when it was produced to celebrate the Saturnalia during winter. This tradition was carried on through and beyond the Middle Ages by monks who would produce beer for the Christmas season.
By festival
Oktoberfest
Some seasonal beers are produced for the Oktoberfest festival. Oktoberfest seasonal beers include those named and labeled as "Oktoberfest" (e.g. Oktoberfestbiers), ales, spiced ales, pumpkin ales, and others. Oktoberfestbiers are the beers that have been served at the festival since 1818, and are supplied by six breweries: Spaten, Löwenbräu, Augustiner-Bräu, Hofbräu-München, Paulaner and Hacker-Pschorr.
See also
Experimental beer
List of beer styles
References
Bibliography
Further reading
Types of beer
The Birth of Venus () is an oil on canvas painting by Jean-Honoré Fragonard, produced between 1753 and 1755. It is held by the Musée Grobet-Labadié in Marseille. Fragonard used a mix of red chalk and other media to sketch the work before transferring it onto canvas. This sketch is in the Smith College Museum of Art. The Birth of Venus and its sketch are also an example of Fragonard's habit of reversing scene direction and figure positions in order to achieve an ideal composition; Fragonard had made multiple changes to subject placement between the sketch and the final version.
References
Sources
Paintings by Jean-Honoré Fragonard
1755 paintings
Nude art
Paintings of Venus
Omega Metal Processing is an abandoned chemical processing plant in Monson, Massachusetts on Bliss Street. The two story brick building was built around 1850 for wool storage and sorting and was located on a 2.5acre property. Starting in 1980, it was leased and operated by the Omega Processing Co. In an April 20, 1989 chemical spill, 2,800gallons of cadmium cyanide were released into the Chicopee Brook, resulting in fish kills in the brook and the downstream Quaboag River. The plant closed as a result of the heavy costs and penalties incurred because of the spill, and was abandoned prior to the removal of hazardous material. The site was assessed under the Targeted Brownfields Assessment program of the EPA and cleared in 2005.
See also
S. F. Cushman Woolen Mill
References
External links
EPA Waste Site Cleanup & Reuse in New England
Industrial buildings and structures in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Hampden County, Massachusetts
Environmental issues in Massachusetts
Hazardous waste
Fritz Michel (17 September 1877 – 30 October 1966) was a German physician, politician, historian and art historian.
Life
Michel was born in Niederlahnstein as the eldest son of a country doctor. Their parents were Theodor Michel and Luise Schild. They studied medicine at the universities of Eberhard Karls Universität Tübingen, Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel and Philipps-Universität Marburg and became a member of the in Tübingen. After completing their studies, they took up a post as a gynaecologist at the in 1905. In the same year they married Luise von Ibell, a great-granddaughter of the Nassau statesman Carl Friedrich Emil von Ibell.
During the First World War, they served from 1914 to July 1918 as a surgeon and staff physician on the Western and Eastern Fronts and in Italy. They experienced the end of the war "as militärischer Chefarzt" of a reserve hospital in the monastery. Michel recorded their experiences in a war diary, which they supplemented with more than 500 of their own drawings and watercolours. From 1919 to 1929, they were a member of the Koblenz city council. From 1927 until their retirement in 1947, they worked as head physician at the Evangelisches Stift. Between 1934 and 1944 - i.e. during the Nazi era - Michel carried out forced sterilisations. After the Second World War, they were not brought before a court, but merely classified as a fellow traveller by the denazification authorities.
In 1941, at the suggestion of their friend Paul Clemen, then director of the Art History Institute there and also the first provincial curator of the Prussian Rhine Province, they received an honorary degree from the Rheinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität Bonn. On their 75th birthday on 17 September 1952, Lord Mayor awarded them honorary citizenship of the city of Koblenz for their services to art and local history. The towns of Niederlahnstein and Oberlahnstein also named them an honorary citizen. In addition, a monument was erected in their honour in front of the Protestant Monastery of St. Martin in Koblenz in 1989, which was created by the sculptor Eberhard Linke.
Michel died on 30 October 1966 in Koblenz at the age of 89. They were buried in the .
Due to their attitude and deeds at the time of National Socialism, the Koblenz city council revoked the honorary citizenship for Michel on 15 May 2020. In June 2020, the Lahnstein city council also revoked their honorary citizenship; the Dr.- Michel-Straße, named after Fritz Michel, will not be renamed, as the name will henceforth refer to their father The renaming of Koblenz's Fritz-Michel-Straße was rejected by the city council despite the withdrawal of honorary citizenship. No decision has yet been made on what to do with the memorial located in front of the Evangelisches Stift hospital.
Work as a historian and art historian
Michel was mainly active in regional and local history, especially in the Middle Rhine region. Another focus was on the cities of Lahnstein and Koblenz. Michel often conducted basic research.
As a schoolboy, they came into contact with local history through the principal of their grammar school, Simon Widmann. They not only taught them how to read medieval manuscripts, but also got them a holiday job at the archives of the town of Niederlahnstein, where they sorted files and did the first preliminary work for their later History of Niederlahnstein. Their first publication on the history of Niederlahnstein and Oberlahnstein dates from 1895, their first contribution to the regional history journal from 1898.
According to Kampmann, history and art history served Michel as a counterbalance to their work in the hospital. Over the years, more than one hundred publications were produced. "The scale of their fields of interest ranged from the Allerheiligenberg near Lahnstein to the cultural history of the Basilica of St. Castor at Koblenz, from the administration of the city during the French period to the Ehrenburg feud and from Eltz Castle to the extensive collection of the art monuments of the city of Koblenz on 584 pages." Especially the two volumes on the art monuments of the city of Koblenz are valuable today in that they document the condition before the destruction in World War II (and during the subsequent reconstruction, to which many damaged but actually rebuildable buildings finally fell victim). Their entire estate in the compromises about ten shelf metres with 303 files and several hundred photos.
Honours
1941: of the Faculty of Philosophy at the University of Bonn
1952: Verdienstorden der Bundesrepublik Deutschland (Steckkreuz) of the Federal Republic of Germany
1952: (retrieved 5 June 2021)
1954: Honorary citizenship of Niederlahnstein (retrieved 5 June 2021)
1961: Honorary citizenship of Oberlahnstein (retrieved 5 June 2021)
ca. 1970/71: Naming of a street in in Fritz-Michel-Straße
1989: Erection of a monument near the main entrance of the hospital Evangelisches Stift St. Martin
Work
Zur Geschichte der Sporkenburg, 1900.
Die Herren von Helfenstein, 1906.
Das ehemalige Jesuitenkolleg zu Coblenz und seine Bauten, 1919.
Burg Eltz und ihre Besitzer. In: Zeitschrift für Heimatkunde des Regierungsbezirkes Coblenz, issue 13 January 1921 Online-Ausgabe dilibri Rheinland-Pfalz
Geschichte von Oberlahnstein, 1925.
Der Ehrenbreitstein, 1933.
Die kirchlichen Denkmäler der Stadt Koblenz, 1937 (Die Kunstdenkmäler der Rheinprovinz 20,1).
Die Florinskirche in Koblenz, 1939.
St. Kastor Koblenz, 1939.
Zur Geschichte der geistlichen Gerichtsbarkeit und Verwaltung der Trierer Erzbischöfe im Mittelalter, 1953.
Die Kunstdenkmäler der Stadt Koblenz, 1954 (Die Kunstdenkmäler von Rheinland-Pfalz).
Geschichte der Stadt Niederlahnstein, 1954.
Übersicht über die Geschichte von St. Goar und Burg Rheinfels, 1956.
Forst und Jagd im alten Erzstift Trier, 1958.
Der Verkehr auf dem Rhein im Mittelalter, 1960.
Geschichte der Stadt Koblenz im Mittelalter, 1963.
Collaboration: Die Kunstdenkmäler des Landkreises Koblenz, 1944 (Die Kunstdenkmäler der Rheinprovinz 16.3).
References
Further reading
Michel, Fritz. In Robert Volz . Das Handbuch der Persönlichkeiten in Wort und Bild. Vol. 2: L–Z. Deutscher Wirtschaftsverlag, Berlin 1931, , .
: Nekrolog: Fritz Michel In Nassauische Annalen. Vol. 78, 1967, .
Helmut Kampmann: Wenn Steine reden. Gedenktafeln und Erinnerungsplatten in Koblenz. Fuck-Verlag, Koblenz 1992, pp. 57ff.
Ekkehard P. Langner: Dr. med. Dr. phil. h. c. Fritz Michel, 17.9.1877-30.10.1966. Auswahlbibliographie und Bestandsverzeichnis, Stadtbibliothek Koblenz, Koblenz 1987.
Udo Liessem: Fritz Michel als Kunsthistoriker. In Koblenzer Beiträge zur Geschichte und Kultur. Neue Folge 13, published by Görres Verlag, Koblenz 2005, .
Eva-Christine Raschke: Dr. Dr. h.c. Fritz Michel (1877-1966) zum 125. Geburtstag. In Koblenzer Beiträge zur Geschichte und Kultur. Neue Folge 13, published by Görres Verlag, Koblenz 2005, .
: Nassauische Biographie. Kurzbiographien aus 13 Jahrhunderten, 2nd, fully revised and enlarged edition, Wiesbaden, 1992.
External links
Nachlass im Landeshauptarchiv Koblenz (LHA Ko Best. 700,047)
Michel, Fritz / 1877-1966 on RPPD
20th-century German physicians
German gynaecologists
German art historians
20th-century German non-fiction writers
German medical writers
German surgeons
German military personnel of World War I
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
1877 births
1966 deaths
People from Rhein-Lahn-Kreis
The Anti-Inflation Act was a Canadian Act of Parliament that was passed in 1975 by Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau's government to slow down the rapidly increasing price and wage inflation. Among its many controls, it limited pay increases for federal public employees and those in companies with more than 500 employees to 10 per cent in the first year, 8 per cent the next, and 6 per cent thereafter. The price and wage controls were enforced until 1978, and the act was repealed in 1979. A similar program aimed only at the public sector was introduced in 1982.
Prior to 1975, the Bank of Canada had warned the government about the dangers of the current inflation which was roughly 10 per cent a year. In response, the government brought in the Anti-Inflation Act which created the Anti-Inflation Board to set wages and prices.
Trudeau had mocked the idea in the 1974 Canadian federal election. The act proved highly contentious and there was much debate over whether the Parliament of Canada had overstepped its powers in enacting the law. Consequently, the government put a reference question to the Supreme Court of Canada, and in 1976 the court passed down its opinion in Reference Re Anti-Inflation Act, which declared the law constitutional.
See also
Incomes policy
References
Michelle Dust. Day of Protest October 14, 1976: An Expression of Solidarity. Saskatoon: CUPE Local 1975, 1999.
Saskatchewan Federation of Labour. October 14, 1977: Demonstrate, Fall 1977.
Saskatchewan Federation of Labour. Saskatchewan Labour, Vol. 1, No. 2. Regina, 1977.
Saskatchewan Federation of Labour. Saskatchewan Labour, Vol. 1, No. 3, National Day of Protest Special Issue. Regina, 1977.
Saskatoon Labour Council. October 14, A National Day of Protest. Saskatoon, 1977.
1975 in Canadian law
Canadian federal legislation
Economic policy in North America
Inflation
Repealed Canadian legislation
The Rochester Raiders were a professional indoor football team based in the Rochester, New York area. They played their home games at Bill Gray's Regional Iceplex in Rochester. The Raiders were previously a member of the Continental Indoor Football League from 2006 to 2008 and the American Indoor Football Association for two exhibition matches in 2008. In 2014, the Raiders came back and played as a member of American Indoor Football (AIF).
The Raiders played in the CIFL championship game twice, both times against the Port Huron / Michigan Pirates. They lost to Port Huron in 2006 but defeated Michigan in 2007. Rochester finished the 2008 regular season undefeated at 12–0; however, the team resigned after their final regular season opponent, the Flint Phantoms, did not show for the game and forfeited.
History
2006
The Rochester Raiders were founded in 2006 as a charter member of the newly created Great Lakes Indoor Football League (GLIFL). The Raiders derived their name from a local flag football team. There were a small number of fans concerned with copyright between the team's logo and the National Football League's Oakland Raiders. However, since the Rochester team never played in California, this was not believed to be of real concern. The Raiders were one of two 2006 teams in the GLIFL that held a television contract, at the time with WBGT-CA, a local low-power station. Games have since been moved to Time Warner Cable SportsNet.
The Raiders' first home venue was the ESL Sports Centre in Brighton (a suburb of Rochester, now known as Bill Gray's Regional Iceplex). The team's 2006 roster featured Syracuse University standout wide receiver Maurice Jackson (who won the inaugural GLIFL Wide Receiver of the Year Award), quarterback Matt Cottengim (the league's inaugural MVP), Darius Smith (the league's inaugural Return Man of the Year), and in January 2006, they signed 2-time Pro Bowler and Super Bowl XXVI Most Valuable Player Mark Rypien to a one-game contract. Rochester went 8–4 under head coach Dennis Greco (on loan from East Rochester High School) during the 2006 regular season and advanced to the postseason. However, they would ultimately fall to the Port Huron Pirates by a score of 40–34 in Great Lakes Bowl I, the GLIFL championship game. After the season, the Raiders moved from the 2,500-seat ESL Sports Centre to the 5,000-seat Main Street Armory in downtown Rochester.
2006 GLIFL standings
2007
In 2007, ultimately the Raiders' only season in the Armory, they finished the regular season with a 10–2 record under new head coach Eddie Long, good for first in the Atlantic Division. In the playoffs, Rochester won the CIFL championship by defeating the previously-unbeaten Michigan Pirates 37–27 in the CIFL Indoor Championship Game on July 28, 2007. Mike Condello was named the game's Most Valuable Player. The game was held at the Blue Cross Arena (a venue with roughly double the capacity of the Main Street Armory) due to a pro wrestling show which was being held at The Armory. The Raiders moved to the Blue Cross Arena full-time beginning with the 2008 season.
2007 CIFL standings
2008
Rochester kept most of its championship-caliber core together, re-signing quarterbacks Mike Mikolaichik, Matt Cottingem, and Omar Baker; running backs Jamil Porter and Dee Glanton; wide receivers Maurice Jackson, Chris Carter, Noah Fahrenbauch, and Derrick Dyer; offensive linemen Mike Kallfeltz and Eric Jendryaszek; linebackers Jason Coley and James Vann; defensive linemen Mike Condello, Terrence Dawson, Steve Marriott, and Tom Parks; defensive backs Chris Shaw, Darius Smith, Makis Whitaker, and Jeff Richardson; and kicker Adam Lanctot. The team also added tight end / defensive end TJ Cottrell (son of Ted Cottrell), wide receiver Darryl Fragger, running back Felix Joyner, defensive lineman Steve Fleming (all three from Port Huron), running back / wide receiver Mark Bly and linebacker Brenton Brady (both from Miami Valley) by way of free agency.
The mix of holdovers from the 2007 club with players from free agency proved to be a winning combination as the team was wildly successful in 2008. They finished the regular season undefeated (12–0; 11–0 in contested games) and won their second straight division title (but first in the Atlantic West Division). However, the Raiders withdrew from the CIFL playoffs on June 8, 2008, after the Flint Phantoms failed to show up for a Sunday afternoon game. The team then immediately moved to the American Indoor Football Association, and played two exhibition matches there, but then announced a move to the Indoor Football League instead. Speculation among fans and league personnel on CIFL message boards is that some Raiders players will play with the new af2 team in Buffalo, New York—which shares ownership with the Raiders—starting in 2009. As part of the deal, Thurman Thomas, who is the other investor in the Buffalo af2 team, will also acquire a share of the Raiders.
2008 CIFL standings
2009
In December 2009, Rochester business person Bob Bartosiewicz sold their majority share in the team to minority owner and team founder Dave McCarthy, and McCarthy announced that the team would be playing its 2010 home games at the Dome Arena in Henrietta, which has 2,164 seats—the lowest seating capacity of any IFL team, and lower than the previous arenas they used in the GLIFL and CIFL.
2010
On April 23, 2010, McCarthy announced that they were looking to sell part of the team. On June 5, 2010, the Raiders hosted the first outdoor IFL game against the Chicago Slaughter at Marina Auto Stadium. The Raiders won that game 43-36.
2011
In November 2010, the Rochester Raiders announced its cessation of operations.
Professional indoor football would return to the city in 2013, with the announcement of the independent Roc City Thunder taking up residence in the city.
2014
For the 2014 season the Rochester Raiders began play in the American Indoor Football League. After initially announcing plans to return to the Main Street Armory, a scheduling issue prompted the team to instead return to Bill Gray's.
The Raiders suspended operations after the 2014 season with the intent of returning in 2016. The Raiders never returned and a new team called the Rochester Kings would start play in 2017.
Season-by-season record
|-
| colspan="6" align="center" | Rochester Raiders (GLIFL)
|-
|2006 || 8 || 4 || 0 || 2nd League || Won Semifinal (Lehigh Valley)Lost Great Lakes Bowl I (Port Huron)
|-
| colspan="6" align="center" | Rochester Raiders (CIFL)
|-
|2007 || 10 || 2 || 0 || 1st Atlantic || Won AD Semifinal (Chesapeake)Won AD Championship (New England)Won CIFL Indoor Championship Game (Michigan)
|-
|2008 || 12 || 0 || 0 || 1st Atlantic West || Quit league
|-
| colspan="6" align="center" | Rochester Raiders (IFL)
|-
|2009 || 10 || 4 || 0 || 2nd United Atlantic || Lost Divisionals I (River City)
|-
|2010 || 9 || 5 || 0 || 2nd Atlantic East || Won Round 1 (Richmond) Lost Conference Semi-Final (Wichita)
|-
| colspan="6" align="center" | Rochester Raiders (AIF)
|-
|2014 || 4 || 4 || 0 || 3rd AIF League || Lost Round 1 (Baltimore Mariners)
|-
!Totals || 58 || 23 || 0
|colspan="2"| (including playoffs)
|}
Notable players
Mark Rypien (2006)
Current roster
Current staff
Head coach: Mark Thurston
Assistant coaches: Eddie Long
References
External links
Raiders' 2006 stats
Raiders' 2007 stats
2006 establishments in New York (state)
2014 disestablishments in New York (state)
Viking Age in popular culture
Edwards County (county code ED) is a county located in the U.S. states of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the county population was 2,907, Its county seat and most populous city is Kinsley. The county was founded in 1874 and named for W. C. Edwards, of Hutchinson, a pioneer settler, who played an active role in its organization.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.01%) is water.
Geographic Features
The Arkansas River flows through Edwards County from the southwest corner to the Pawnee County line near U.S. Route 56.
Major highways
Three U.S. Routes run through Edwards County, all meeting in Kinsley. An east–west route, U.S. Route 50 circumvents Belpre and Lewis before joining with westbound U.S. Route 56 in Kinsley. The single road then passes through Offerle and west into Ford County. U.S. Route 183 runs from Kiowa County in the south to Kinsley, where it joins eastbound U.S. 56, running as a single highway to Pawnee County. K-19 starts at U.S. Route 50 near Belpre, and travels north into Pawnee County.
Adjacent counties
Pawnee County (north)
Stafford County (east)
Pratt County (southeast)
Kiowa County (south)
Ford County (southwest)
Hodgeman County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the 2000 census, there were 3,449 people, 1,455 households, and 955 families residing in the county. The population density was 6 people per square mile (2/km2). There were 1,754 housing units at an average density of 3 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.52% White, 0.32% Black or African American, 0.49% Native American, 0.32% Asian, 5.57% from other races, and 0.78% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.71% of the population.
There were 1,455 households, out of which 28.70% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 56.30% were married couples living together, 6.00% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.30% were non-families. 32.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.30% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.60% under the age of 18, 6.70% from 18 to 24, 25.10% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 20.80% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 41 years. For every 100 females there were 97.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 95.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,530, and the median income for a family was $38,250. Males had a median income of $27,050 versus $20,132 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,586. About 7.00% of families and 10.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.40% of those under age 18 and 8.00% of those age 65 or over.
Government
Presidential elections
Laws
Edwards County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement.
Education
Unified school districts
Kinsley-Offerle USD 347
Lewis USD 502
Communities
Cities
Belpre
Kinsley (county seat)
Lewis
Offerle
Unincorporated communities
Centerview
Fellsburg
Nettleton
Trousdale
Townships
Edwards County is divided into ten townships. The city of Kinsley is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.
See also
References
Further reading
Standard Atlas of Edwards County, Kansas; Geo. A. Ogle & Co; 40 pages; 1906.
External links
County
Edwards County - Directory of Public Officials
Maps
Edwards County Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Highway Maps: Current, Historic, KDOT
Kansas Railroad Maps: Current, 1996, 1915, KDOT and Kansas Historical Society
Kansas counties
1874 establishments in Kansas
Populated places established in 1874
Chaetostomella nigripunctata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Chaetostomella of the family Tephritidae.
Distribution
Taiwan.
References
Tephritinae
Insects described in 1933
Diptera of Asia
Smyrna is an unincorporated community in Grant County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Smyrna was established in 1911, and remained in operation until 1964. The community was named after the ancient city of Smyrna.
References
Unincorporated communities in Grant County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
The Harvard Crimson softball team represents Harvard University in NCAA Division I college softball. The team participates in the Ivy League. The Crimson are currently led by head coach Jenny Allard. The team plays its home games at Soldiers Field located on the university's campus.
History
Coaching history
Coaching staff
References
Sport clubs established in 1981
1981 establishments in Massachusetts
Charles Murray Turpin (March 4, 1878 – June 4, 1946) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Turpin was born in Kingston, Pennsylvania. They attended Wyoming Seminary in Kingston. They served as a corporal in the United States Army during the Spanish–American War in Company F, Ninth Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry, and was a member of the Pennsylvania National Guard from 1896 to 1901, rising to the rank of captain. They were employed as a carpenter, grocery clerk, and a steamboat captain before graduating from the dental department of the University of Pennsylvania at Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1904. After graduation, they commenced the practice of dentistry in Kingston in 1905. They served as a member of the board of education from 1916 to 1922, burgess of Kingston from 1922 to 1926, and prothonotary of Luzerne County, Pennsylvania from 1926 to 1929.
Turpin was elected as a Republican to the Seventy-first Congress to fill the vacancy caused by the death of John J. Casey. They were reelected to the Seventy-second, Seventy-third, and Seventy-fourth Congresses. They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1936. They were appointed assistant chief clerk of the Luzerne County Assessor's Office in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. They died in Kingston and is buried in Forty Fort Cemetery, Forty Forts, Pennsylvania.
References
Retrieved on 2008-02-10
The Political Graveyard
1878 births
1946 deaths
People from Kingston, Pennsylvania
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
University of Pennsylvania School of Dental Medicine alumni
Pennsylvania prothonotaries
American dentists
American military personnel of the Spanish–American War
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
School board members in Pennsylvania
Frances Guihan (September 22, 1890 – December 21, 1951) was an American screenwriter. They worked on more than 40 films during their career, including a number of B westerns.
Biography
Beginnings
Frances was born in East St. Louis, Illinois, the youngest daughter of Dennis Guihan and Catherine Fagan. They began their career working in a St. Louis office for $12 a week, writing scenarios at night (most of which were rejected).
Hollywood career
Them scenarios eventually attracted notice from people in high places, and soon they were in Hollywood commanding $70,000 a year. In those early years, they were known for writing (and, in one case, directing) scenarios for Japanese actor Sessue Hayakawa. They then transitioned into writing for actor and producer Ruth Roland. Over the course of their career, they also wrote at Balboa, Metro, and Haworth. She'd later work extensively on the Buck Jones Westerns.
Personal life
In 1919, they married Ivan Kahn, an actor, business person, scenario writer, and amateur boxer. The pair met while Kahn started writing comedies for Pathe and Kalem. After they divorced, she'd remarry.
They also owned an anti-gray hair tonic company they purchased from a friend. "You'd be surprised how many stars use the stuff," she'd later tell a reporter (although they declined to name names).
Selected filmography
A Heart in Pawn (1919)
The Courageous Coward (1919)
The Cancelled Debt (1927)
She's My Baby (1927)
Thumbs Down (1927)
Closed Gates (1927)
In the First Degree (1927)
Face Value (1927)
Stranded (1927)
Marry the Girl (1928)
A Million for Love (1928)
Burning Up Broadway (1928)
Bachelor's Paradise (1928)
Midstream (1929)
Cock o' the Walk (1930)
Bulldog Courage (1935)
Empty Saddles (1936)
The Boss Rider of Gun Creek (1936)
The Cowboy Star (1936)
Westbound Mail (1937)
Law for Tombstone (1937)
Frontier Scout (1938)
References
Bibliography
Pitts, Michael R. Western Movies: A Guide to 5,105 Feature Films. McFarland, 2012.
External links
1890 births
1951 deaths
American women screenwriters
20th-century American women writers
20th-century American screenwriters
"One Drink Ago" is a song written by Jessi Alexander, Rodney Clawson, and Ross Copperman, and recorded as a duet between Canadian country artists Dallas Smith and Terri Clark. It was released to Canadian country radio through 604 Records on March 28, 2018 and was released to digital retailers on March 30, 2018. "One Drink Ago" was intended as the lead single for Clark's forthcoming eleventh studio album, but was left off the track listing when Raising the Bar was released. The song has become Smith's record-extending eighteenth consecutive top ten country hit.
Content
"One Drink Ago" describes a night out on the town and how alcohol can draw people together. The song is a duet which blends Smith's rock-oriented vocal with Clark's more traditional country style.
Commercial performance
"One Drink Ago" debuted at number 36 on the Billboard Canada Country chart dated April 14, 2018. The song entered the top ten, at number 9, on the chart dated June 9, 2018; this earned Clark their fourteenth top ten country hit in Canada and Smith their record-extending eighteenth consecutive top ten hit. It has since reached a peak position of 3 on the chart dated June 30, 2018.
Live performances
Clark invited Smith to debut the song at the Grand Ole Opry, of which Clark is the only female Canadian member, on April 10, 2018.
Charts
Release history
References
2018 songs
2018 singles
604 Records singles
Dallas Smith songs
Terri Clark songs
Songs written by Jessi Alexander
Songs written by Rodney Clawson
Songs written by Ross Copperman
Song recordings produced by Joey Moi
Mongolia has sent athletes to the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 September to 18 September 2016.
Medallists
Archery
Dambadondogiin Baatarjav qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in archery following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships, where they had a 9th-place finish in the men's open recurve.
Mongolia has had some success with archery in the Paralympics before, with Baatarjav Dambadondog winning the country's first gold medal in the country's history after finishing first in the sport at the 2008 Games.
Individual
Team
Athletics
Women's Field
Judo
Shooting
Powerlifting
See also
Mongolia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Mongolian sport
The Pimp & da Gangsta is the second studio album by rap group Dirty, and their first released through a major label. It was released on February 27, 2001 through Universal Records and was produced by the members of group. The album peaked at #88 on the Billboard 200 and #19 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums.
Track listing
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2001 albums
Dirty (group) albums
The Royal School of Artillery (RSA) is the principal training establishment for artillery warfare in the British Army. Established in 1915, it is located at Larkhill, Wiltshire, on the south edge of Salisbury Plain in the United Kingdom. The School is the primary training facility for Royal Artillery recruits, and is also home to the Gunnery Training Team.
History
The Royal School of Artillery was established in 1915 as the School of Instruction for Royal Horse and Field Artillery (Larkhill), on land previously used for tented accommodation at Larkhill. The 1,200-bed Fargo hospital, which was built to the West of the School, opened around the same time to tend for wounded soldiers returning from the First World War; it closed after the War and is now the main ammunition compound for the School. The first commandant of the school was Brigadier-General Henry Newcome after whom Newcome Hall at Larkhill is named. In 1920 it expanded to become the School of Artillery, Larkhill.
During the Second World War, the School was a hive of activity providing a significant proportion of the training for over one million gunners.
In 1970 the title Royal School of Artillery was conferred on the School when the Anti-aircraft School at Manorbier was amalgamated with it. At that time the school was made up of seven 'wings': Gunnery, Air Defence, Tactics, Locating, Signals, Administrative, and REME.
In 2007 the Headquarters, Royal Artillery moved from Woolwich to Larkhill, where it is co-located with the RSA.
Antecedents
From 1778, specialist training for Artillery officers was undertaken at the Royal Military Repository in Woolwich. The Repository was based in the Royal Arsenal until 1802, when it relocated to an area of land alongside the nearby Royal Artillery Barracks. In the early 19th century, gun drill took place on the Gun Parks, manoeuvres in the Repository Grounds and target practice (using mortars and howitzers) on Woolwich Common.
Use of the common as a firing range ceased when the Regiment's first School of Artillery (then called the School of Gunnery) was established at Shoeburyness, Essex, in 1859. To ensure parity of training for the Reserve Forces, the School of Gunnery established a branch at Woolwich, which in 1874 took over responsibility for training Militia and Volunteer Artillery; its instructors were based at the Repository, but live firing now took place on Plumstead Marshes. The Royal Military Repository closed in 1890, whereupon its staff and activities moved to Lydd where they formed the Siege Artillery branch of the School of Gunnery; Shoeburyness continued to provide training in Field, Horse, Mountain and Garrison Artillery.
In 1915, the Field Artillery and Horse Artillery elements from Shoeburyness were transferred to Larkhill (where over of land had been acquired in 1897 for use as firing ranges). Chapperton Down Artillery School was established in 1916, to the west of Larkhill, to train French battery commanders; the following year it expanded to run courses for the Home Defence Artillery. Also in 1916 a Training Centre for Heavy Artillery was established, at Woolwich; the following year it moved to Winchester.
In December 1919, the Army Council decided to combine the School of Instruction for Royal Horse and Field Artillery with the Chapperton Down Artillery School and the Heavy Artillery Training Centre to form an expanded School of Artillery. This took place in 1920; the following year the Siege Artillery School moved to Larkhill from Lydd and was likewise merged into the School. Shoeburyness, though, retained the Coast Artillery School of the Royal Garrison Artillery; in 1940 it moved to Great Orme near Llandudno, where it stayed for the duration of the war, before moving again to the Royal Citadel, Plymouth (where it remained until 1956, when the UK's coastal artillery network was disbanded).
Operations
The School provides Phase 2 training for recruits to the Royal Artillery: this training includes gunnery, air defence, surveillance and signals. Trained officers and gunners are then posted to units worldwide, but return to the School for frequent refresher courses. The School is also the home of the Gunnery Training Team, which provides a training consultancy service to the Royal Artillery and the wider Army.
Facilities
Facilities which have grown up around the school include the Royal Artillery Barracks which accommodates 14 Regiment Royal Artillery and Roberts Barracks, named after Field Marshal Lord Roberts, which accommodates 32 Regiment Royal Artillery as well as Horne Barracks, named after General Lord Horne, which accommodates 47 Regiment Royal Artillery.
The Officers' Mess and Quarters, designed by William A Ross, Chief Architect to the War Office, and built between 1936 and 1941 is a Grade II listed building.
References
Sources
External links
Military history of Wiltshire
Royal Artillery
Training establishments of the British Army
Acleisanthes nevadensis (syn. Selinocarpus nevadensis) is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common names desert moonpod and desert wing-fruit. It is native to a section of the southwestern United States encompassing southern Nevada and adjacent corners of Utah and Arizona. One occurrence has been observed in eastern California. The plant grows in desert habitat such as scrub and rocky washes. This herb produces several spreading stems up to about 30 centimeters in maximum length, sometimes from a woody base. The stems are covered in many leaves with fleshy oval or rounded blades up to 3 centimeters long which are borne on petioles. The herbage of the plant is coated in thick, wide, white, furry hairs, interspersed with shorter, flat hairs. Some hairs are glandular. Flowers occur in leaf axils. Each is a trumpet-shaped bloom with a narrow, tubular green throat up to 4 centimeters long and a round white corolla face about a centimeter wide, sometimes tinged yellow or greenish. There are five long, protruding stamens and a long style tipped with a spherical stigma. The fruit is a ribbed, hairy body with five broad, white wings.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Photo gallery
Nyctaginaceae
John Peter Gabriel Muhlenberg (October 1, 1746October 1, 1807) was an American clergyman, Continental Army soldier during the American Revolutionary War, and political figure in the newly independent United States. A Lutheran minister, they served in the United States House of Representatives and United States Senate from Pennsylvania.
Early life and education
Muhlenberg was born October 1, 1746, in Trappe in the Province of Pennsylvania to Anna Maria Weiser, the daughter of Pennsylvania Dutch pioneer and diplomat Conrad Weiser, and Henry Muhlenberg a German Lutheran pastor. They were sent, together with their brothers, Frederick Augustus and Gotthilf Henry Ernst in 1763 to Halle. They were educated in Latin at the Francke Foundations. They left school in 1767 to start as a sales assistant in Lübeck, but returned that same year to Pennsylvania.
Career
They served briefly in the British 60th Regiment of Foot, and also served briefly in the German dragoons, earning the nickname "Teufel Piet" (Devil Pete) before returning to Philadelphia in 1767, where they were given a classical education from the Academy of Philadelphia (the modern University of Pennsylvania). They were ordained in 1768 and headed a Lutheran congregation in Bedminster, New Jersey, before moving to Woodstock, Virginia.
Muhlenberg visited England in 1772 and was ordained into the priesthood of the Anglican Church, although they served a Lutheran congregation. Since the Anglican Church was the state church of Virginia, they were required to be ordained in an Anglican church in order to serve a congregation in Virginia. Besides their new congregation, they led the Committee of Safety and Correspondence for Dunmore County, Virginia. They were elected to the House of Burgesses in 1774, and was a delegate to the First Virginia Convention. They owned slaves.
Military career
Toward the end of 1775, Muhlenberg was authorized to raise and command as its colonel the 8th Virginia Regiment of the Continental Army. After George Washington personally asked them to accept this task, they agreed. However, their brother Fredrick Augustus Muhlenberg, who was also a minister, did not approve of them going into the army until the British burned down their own church in front of him. Then they joined the military himself.
According to a biography written by their great-nephew in the mid-19th century,
on January 21, 1776 in the Lutheran church in Woodstock, Virginia, Reverend Muhlenberg took their sermon text from the third chapter Ecclesiastes, which starts with "To every thing there is a season..."; after reading the eighth verse, "a time of war, and a time of peace," they declared, "And this is the time of war," removing their clerical robe to reveal their Colonel's uniform. Outside the church door the drums began to roll as men turned to kiss their wives and then walked down the aisle to enlist, and within half an hour, 162 men were enrolled. The next day they led out 300 men from the county to form the nucleus of the 8th Virginia Regiment. Though it is accepted that Muhlenberg helped form and lead the 8th, historians doubt the account of the sermon, as there are no reports prior to Muhlenberg's great-nephew's biography.
Muhlenberg's unit was first posted to the South, to defend the coast of South Carolina and Georgia. In early 1777, the Eighth Regiment was sent north to join Washington's main army. Muhlenberg was made a brigadier general of the Virginia Line and commanded that Brigade in Nathanael Greene's division at Valley Forge. Muhlenberg saw service in the Battles of Brandywine, Germantown, and Monmouth. After Monmouth, most of the Virginia Line was sent to the far south, while General Muhlenberg was assigned to head up the defense of Virginia using mainly militia units.
At the Battle of Yorktown, they commanded the first brigade in Lafayette's Light Division. Their brigade was part of the Corps of Light Infantry, consisting of the light infantry companies of the line regiments of Massachusetts (ten companies), Connecticut (five companies), New Hampshire (five companies), and Rhode Island and New Jersey (one each). They held the right flank and manned the two trenches built to move American cannons closer to Cornwallis' defenses. The battalion commanded by American Lt. Colonel Alexander Hamilton and French Lieutenant Colonel Jean-Joseph Sourbader de Gimat led the night bayonet attack that stormed Redoubt No. 10 on October 14, 1781.
At the end of the war (1783), they were brevetted to major general and settled in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
Muhlenberg was also an original member of the Pennsylvania Society of the Cincinnati.
Political career
After the war, Muhlenberg was elected to the Supreme Executive Council of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania in 1784. They were elected Vice-President of the Council, a position comparable to that of Lieutenant Governor, on October 31, 1787. Their term as Vice-President ended on a mysterious note. On October 14, 1788, the minutes of the Executive Council report that Muhlenberg had left Philadelphia without tendering their resignation—why their resignation was needed or expected is not noted—so a messenger was sent after him. That night, after the messenger returned with the resignation, the Council met at President Benjamin Franklin's home to choose Muhlenberg's successor, electing David Redick to the position.
Muhlenberg was elected to the 1st Congress (1789–1791) as one of the at-large representatives from Pennsylvania. Their brother Frederick was the Speaker of the House for that same Congress. They were the first founder of the Democratic-Republican Societies in 1793. Muhlenberg served in Congress as a Republican during the 3rd Congress 1793–1795 and 5th Congress 1799–1801 for the 1st district. Muhlenberg was elected by the legislature to the U.S. Senate on a second ballot in February 1801 over George Logan, but resigned on June 30 of that same year.
President Thomas Jefferson appointed them the supervisor of revenue for Pennsylvania in 1801 and customs collector for Philadelphia in 1802. They served in the latter post until their death.
On August 3, 1805, Muhlenberg wrote a letter to the residents of the primarily-German Northampton and Berks counties in a successful attempt to tilt those counties toward incumbent Governor Thomas McKean, who, in the midst of a badly fractured state Republican Party, was running with Federalist support, in their bid for reelection. Muhlenberg noted that although McKean's opponent, Simon Snyder, was of German descent, their election would elevate the Republican Party's radical Democratic faction to power and, with calls for a Constitutional Convention to elevate the power of the state legislature over the governor and especially the judiciary, result in anarchy. McKean's margin of victory, 6,772-3,216, over Snyder in Northampton and Berks secured their narrow, 43,644-38,483, statewide margin of victory over Snyder.
Personal life
On November 6, 1770, they married Anna Barbara "Hannah" Meyer, the daughter of a successful potter. Together they had six children, including:
Francis Swaine Muhlenberg (1795–1831), a U.S. Representative from Ohio who married Mary Barr Denny (1806–1893) in 1831, shortly before their death in December 1831. After their death, Francis' widow married Richard Hubbell Hopkins.
On their 61st birthday, Muhlenberg died in Gray's Ferry, Pennsylvania, on October 1, 1807 and is buried at the Augustus Lutheran Church in Trappe, Pennsylvania.
Legacy
Muhlenberg is the namesake of Muhlenberg County, Kentucky.
A memorial to Peter Muhlenberg is located in Washington, DC on Connecticut Avenue (see image).
Another memorial to them stands behind the Philadelphia Museum of Art.
Two statues of Peter Muhlenberg are located in front of the Shenandoah County Courthouse in Woodstock, Virginia, and the town's Emmanuel Lutheran congregation preserves communion vessels, a baptismal font and altar cloth that they used.
Muhlenberg College in Allentown, Pennsylvania displays a statue of John P. G. Muhlenberg in front of the Haas College Center, 2400 Chew Street.
References
Further reading
Cecere, Michael. "The Fighting Parson's Farewell Sermon." Journal of the American Revolution, April 15, 2020.
Hocker, Edward W. The Fighting Parson of the American Revolution: A Biography of General Peter Muhlenberg, Lutheran Clergyman, Military Chieftain, and Political Leader (1936).
Muhlenberg, Henry Augustus. The Life of Major-General Peter Muhlenberg: Of the Revolutionary Army (1849). online
Rightmyer, Thomas Nelson. "The Holy Orders of Peter Muhlenberg." Historical Magazine of the Protestant Episcopal Church 30.3 (1961): 183-197. online
External links
Congressional Biography
National Statuary Hall Collection Biography
Biography and statue at the University of Pennsylvania
History Detectives: Muhlenberg Robe
The 8th Virginia Regiment (history site)
Society of the Cincinnati
https://www.americanrevolutioninstitute.org/
1746 births
1807 deaths
People from Trappe, Pennsylvania
People of colonial Pennsylvania
Muhlenberg family
Pennsylvania Dutch people
Lutherans from Pennsylvania
Anti-Administration Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Democratic-Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania
Democratic-Republican Party United States senators from Pennsylvania
American slave owners
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Clergy in the American Revolution
Continental Army generals
Continental Army officers from Virginia
People of Pennsylvania in the American Revolution
Burials in Pennsylvania
Sarah Labowitz is the Texas policy and advocacy director for the American Civil Liberties Union, where they defend Texans' voting rights and healthcare freedoms. Prior to joining the ACLU of Texas, Labowitz served as the policy and communications director for the City of Houston Housing and Community Development Department. In 2013, Labowitz co-founded the NYU Stern Center for Business and Human Rights, an academic research and advocacy organization at the New York University Stern School of Business and the first center to focus on human rights as an integral part of a business school. They also are a research scholar in Business and Society at Stern. Prior to Stern, Labowitz served as a policy advisor under Hillary Clinton at the U.S. Department of State from 2009 – 2013 on democracy, human rights, and cyber policy.
Labowitz graduated from Grinnell College in 2004 with a BA in History. They then went on to obtain an MA in international relations from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University.
Labowitz was listed on Forbes Magazine's "30 Under 30" list for law and policy in 2012. They served on the ExxonMobil External Citizenship Advisory Panel before publicly resigning in February 2017, to protest the company's lawsuits against civil society critics. Labowitz is a fellow of the Truman National Security Project and a member of the board of directors of the Houston Committee on Foreign Relations.
References
Living people
New York University Stern School of Business faculty
United States Department of State officials
Year of birth missing (living people)
Zesius is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
Species
Zesius chrysomallus Hübner, 1821 - redspot
Zesius phaeomallus Hübner, [1819-1821] Type locality: "Surinam".
References
Theclinae
Lycaenidae genera
Taxa named by Jacob Hübner
Transition metal nitrile complexes are coordination compounds containing nitrile ligands. Because nitriles are weakly basic, the nitrile ligands in these complexes are often labile.
Scope of nitriles
Typical nitrile ligands are acetonitrile, propionitrile, and benzonitrile. The structures of [Ru(NH3)5(NCPh)]n+ have been determined for the 2+ and 3+ oxidation states. Upon oxidation the Ru-NH3 distances contract and the Ru-NCPh distances elongate, consistent with amines serving as pure-sigma donor ligands and nitriles functioning as pi-acceptors.
Synthesis and reactions
Acetonitrile, propionitrile and benzonitrile are also popular solvents. Because nitrile solvents have high dielectric constants, cationic complexes containing a nitrile ligand are often soluble in a solution of that nitrile.
Some complexes can be prepared by dissolving an anhydrous metal salt in the nitrile. In other cases, a suspension of the metal is oxidized with a solution of NOBF4 in the nitrile:
Ni + 6 MeCN + 2 NOBF4 → [Ni(MeCN)6](BF4)2 + 2 Noes
Heteroleptic complexes of molybdenum and tungsten can by synthesized from their respective hexacarbonyl complexes.
M(CO)6 + 4 MeCN + 2 NOBF4 → [M(NO)2(MeCN)4](BF4)2
For the synthesis of some acetonitrile complexes, the nitrile serves as a reductant. This method is illustrated by the conversion of molybdenum pentachloride to the molybdenum(IV) complex:
2 MoCl5 + 5 CH3CN → 2 MoCl4(CH3CN)2 + ClCH2CN + HCl
Reactions
Transition metal nitrile complexes are usually employed because the nitrile ligand is labile and relatively chemically inert. Cationic nitrile complexes are however susceptible to nucleophilic attack at carbon. Consequently some nitrile complexes catalyze the hydrolysis of nitriles to give the amides.
Fe- and Co-nitrile complexes are intermediates in nitrile hydratase enzymes. N-coordination activates the sp-hybridized carbon center toward attack by nucleophiles, including water. Thus coordination of the nitrile to a cationic metal center is the basis for the catalytic hydration:
M-NCR + H2O → M-O=C(NH2)R
M-O=C(NH2)R + NCR → O=C(NH2)R + M-NCR
Examples
[M(NCMe)6]n+
Hexakis(acetonitrile)vanadium(II) tetrachlorozincate ([V(MeCN)6](ZnCl4)2), green
Hexakis(acetonitrile)chromium(II) bis(tetraphenylborate) ([Cr(MeCN)6](B(C6H5)4)2, green
Hexakis(acetonitrile)chromium(III) tetrafluoroborate ([Cr(MeCN)6](BF4)3), white
Hexakis(acetonitrile)iron(II) bis(tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)borate) ([Fe(MeCN)6](B(C6F5)4)2, orange
Hexakis(acetonitrile)cobalt(II) bis(tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)borate) ([Co(MeCN)6](B(C6F5)4)2, purple
Hexakis(acetonitrile)nickel(II) tetrafluoroborate ([Ni(MeCN)6](BF4)2), blue
Hexakis(acetonitrile)copper(II) bis(tetrakis(pentafluorophenyl)borate) ([Cu(MeCN)6](B(C6F5)4)2, pale blue-green solid
Hexakis(acetonitrile)ruthenium(II) tetrafluoroborate ([Ru(MeCN)6](BF4)2), white, dRu-N = 202 pm.
Hexakis(acetonitrile)rhodium(III) tetrafluoroborate ([Rh(MeCN)6](BF4)3), a yellow solid.
[M(NCMe)4]n+
[Cr(MeCN)4](BF4)2, blue
[Cu(MeCN)4]PF6, colorless
[Pd(MeCN)4](BF4)2, yellow
[M(NCMe)4 or 5]2n+
[Mo2(MeCN)8/10](BF4)4 blue d(Mo-Mo) = 218, d(Mo-N)axial = 260, d(Mo-N)equat = 214 pm
[Tc2(MeCN)10](BF4)4
[Re2(MeCN)10][B(C6H3(CF3)2)4]2, blue; d(Re-Re) = 226, d(Re-N)axial = 240, d(Re-N)equat = 205 pm
[Rh2(MeCN)10](BF4)4, orange; d(Rh-Rh) = 261, d(Re-N)axial = 219, d(Re-N)equat = 198 pm
Other notable examples
Bis(benzonitrile)palladium dichloride (PdCl2(PhCN)2), an orange solid that serves as a source of "PdCl2"
Tricarbonyltris(propionitrile)molybdenum(0) (Mo(CO)3(C2H5CN)3), a source of "Mo(CO)3". Related Cr and W complexes are known.
Complexes of η2-nitrile ligands
In some of its complexes, nitriles function as η2-ligands. This bonding mode is more common for complexes of low-valence metals, such as Ni(0). Complexes of η2-nitriles are expected to form as transient intermediates in certain metal-catalyzed reactions of nitriles, such as the Hoesch reaction and the hydrogenation of nitriles.
In some cases, η2-nitrile ligands are intermediates that preceded oxidative addition.
See also
Cyanometalate – coordination compounds containing cyanide ligands (coordinating via C).
References
Coordination complexes
Hexafluorophosphates
Tetrafluoroborates
Paul Obazele is a Nigerian actor, philanthropist, and movie producer who once served as the president of the Association of Movie Producers (AMP) and at the end of their tenure as president of Association of Movie Producers (AMP) they were appointed the president of Edo Film Makers Association (EFMA). Obazele is the founder of Legends of Nollywood Awards (LNA). They were named “one of the most consistent faces on television” by the editorial team of TV Guide which is a quarterly publication of the Nigerian Television Authority.
Early life and education
Obazele who hails from Edo State a south-south geographical region of Nigeria occupied predominantly by the minority tribes in Nigeria was born in Lagos state. Obazele more precisely is from Esan in Edo State and is the 5th born child in their family. Obazele attended secondary education at Anglican Grammar School, Ubulu Ukwu in Delta State. Where they obtained their West African Senior School Certificate from. Obazele obtained a degree in Business Administration from Auchi Polytechnic.
Career
Obazele's passion for acting and movie-making became ignited when they were an undergraduate at Auchi Polytechnic. Obazele revealed in an interview that their father vehemently opposed their goal to become an actor. Obazele due to objections from their father temporarily dismissed their goal of being an actor and instead, secured a daytime job at a Production company. Obazele would later go against their father's orders and in 1996 officially join the Nigerian movie industry and debut their acting career with the movie titled Shadow of Death a movie directed by Bolaji Dawudu in which they played the lead role. In 1999 they were already an established actor and started to direct movies. A Guardian media publication in 2016 published a piece which stated Obazele had featured in 200 movies.
Award
Obazele was awarded the City People Movie Special Recognition Award at the City People Entertainment Awards.
Personal life
Obazele is married with children and when they aren't working they spend their free time with their family. Obazele's hobbies include watching films and listening to music.
Selected filmography
Night Bus To Lagos (2019)
Iyore (2015)
If Only (2014)
Invasion 1897 (2014)
Political Control (2006)
Cry Of A Virgin (2006)
Family Affair (2006)
Power Must Change Hands (2006)
All My Heart (2005)
Hidden Treasures (2005)
Faithful Love (2004)
Life In New York (2004)
The Champ (2004)
Ashanti (2003)
Dangerous Babe (2003)
Last Weekend (2003)
Wanted Alive (2001)
Set-Up (2000)
Kòseégbé (1995)
Black Maria (1994)
References
External links
Living people
21st-century Nigerian male actors
Male actors from Edo State
Year of birth missing (living people)
Auchi Polytechnic alumni
Male actors from Lagos State
Nigerian male film actors
20th-century Nigerian male actors
Nigerian film producers
Nigerian male television actors
Nigerian philanthropists
Nigerian humanitarians
Nigerian film award winners
Speedway is the seventeenth soundtrack album by American singer and musician Elvis Presley, released by RCA Victor in mono and stereo, LPM/LSP 3989, on June 25, 1968. It serves as the soundtrack album for the 1968 film Speedway starring Presley. Recording sessions took place at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios in Hollywood, California, on June 20 and 21, 1967. It peaked at number 82 on the Billboard 200.
Speedway took over the new low for chart position and album sales by Presley, selling fewer than 100,000 copies, and jeopardizing their recording career. Much to their relief, it killed the soundtrack formula, this being the final Presley dramatic feature film to have a full soundtrack album. Their last five movies of the decade — Stay Away, Joe, Live A Little, Love A Little, Charro!, The Trouble with Girls, and Change of Habit — concentrated on Presley the actor, not Presley the singer, with minimal song requirements. It is also the last Presley album to be released in both stereo and mono editions as mono was being phased out by the industry, thus making the rare mono pressing of Speedway (LPM-3989) a sought-after item among collectors
Content
Eight tracks for Speedway were recorded at the sessions, with "Suppose", the only song that held interest for Elvis, dropped from the movie. Two tracks were pulled for a single, "Your Time Hasn't Come Yet Baby" with "Let Yourself Go" on its flipside, and both sides made the lower reaches of the Billboard Hot 100 (respectively numbers 72 and 71) but bombed sales-wise. "There Ain't Nothing Like A Song," rejected from the soundtrack for Spinout, was one of two songs that feature the lead vocals of Nancy Sinatra, here in duet with Presley. All their vocals, and their "Your Groovy Self," the only time a track without Elvis featured on any of their releases, were recorded at a separate session on June 26, produced by Lee Hazlewood. Three leftover tracks, including one from the May 1963 "lost album" sessions, were unearthed to round out the album.
Reissues
Three songs from this album appear on Command Performances: The Essential 60s Masters II (1995): the two sides of the single and the title track. In 2016 Speedway was reissued on the Follow That Dream label in a special 2-disc edition that contained the original album tracks along with numerous alternate takes.
Track listing
Personnel
Elvis Presley − vocals
The Jordanaires − backing vocals
Charlie McCoy − trumpet
Tony Terran − trumpet
Boots Randolph − saxophone
Pete Drake − pedal steel guitar
Tiny Timbrell − lead guitar
Chip Young − electric guitar
Scotty Moore — rhythm guitar on "Western Union," "Suppose," and "Goin' Home"
Jerry Kennedy – lead guitar on "Western Union"
Tommy Tedesco − lead guitar on "He's Your Uncle, Not Your Dad" and "Let Yourself Go"
Larry Muhoberac − piano
Charlie Hodge − piano (on "Suppose")
Bob Moore − double bass
D. J. Fontana − drums
Buddy Harman − drums
June 26 session:
Nancy Sinatra − vocals
Roy Caton − trumpet
Virgil Evans − trumpet
Oliver Mitchell − trumpet
Dick Hyde − trombone
Billy Strange − electric guitar
Donald Owens − electric guitar
Donnie Lanier − electric guitar
Al Casey − electric guitar
Larry Knechtel − piano
Don Randi − piano
Chuck Berghofer − bass
Hal Blaine − drums
Charts
References
External links
LPM-3989 Speedway (monaural) Guide part of The Elvis Presley Record Research Database
LSP-3989 Speedway (stereo) Guide part of The Elvis Presley Record Research Database
1968 soundtrack albums
Elvis Presley soundtracks
RCA Records soundtracks
Musical film soundtracks
Action film soundtracks
Streptomyces neyagawaensis is an Actinomycetota species in the antibiotic producing genus Streptomyces.
S. neyagawaensis is known to produce the isoflavone orobol or the antifungal antibiotic folimycin.
Taxonomy
In 1979 Elesawy and Szabo proposed Streptomyces neyagawaensis be assigned to the Diastatochromogenes cluster along with S. scabies, S. bottropensis, S. diastatochromogenes, S. eurythermus and S. griseosporeus, which was later confirmed by other authors based on morphological and genetic analyses.
References
External links
Type strain of Streptomyces neyagawaensis at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
neyagawaensis
Bacteria described in 1960
The Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Art Direction is an annual award given by the Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association.
Winners and nominees
2000s
2010s
2020s
References
Art Direction, Best
Awards for best art direction
Lieutenant-Colonel George Robert Harland Bowden (1873 – 10 October 1927) was a British mechanical engineer and Conservative Party politician.
Born in Durham, at the age of 15 they were apprenticed to Lambton Collieries whilst attending classes at Durham College of Science.
In 1890 they moved to South Wales as improver for the ironworks at Tondu. In 1891 they became assistant engineer and chief draughtsman at Cyfarthfa Ironworks, Merthyr Tydfil. They returned to North East England in 1896 as manager of D Selby Bigge and Company, an engineering company based in Newcastle. In 1902 they founded their own company, G Harland Bowden and Company, consulting engineers of Victoria Street, London. The firm specialised in the design and installation of colliery and factory plants. In 1908 they became a Member of the Institute of Mechanical Engineers.
In 1907 Bowden was granted a Volunteer Force commission in the Royal Garrison Artillery.
Bowden was active in Conservative Party politics, and in April 1912 was adopted as the party's prospective candidate for the parliamentary constituency of North East Derbyshire. In April 1914 the sitting Labour Party member of parliament for North East Derbyshire died, causing a by-election. The by-election was held on 20 May, and Bowden was elected to the Commons, gaining the seat for the Conservatives with a majority of 314 votes. During World War I Bowden became commanding officer of 17th (Empire) Battalion, the Royal Fusiliers, a war-formed unit. They continued to hold their parliamentary seat during the war, but found themselves estranged from the Conservative Party, going so far as to issue libel proceedings against a party official. At the 1918 general election they defended their seat as an Independent Conservative, opposed by a Conservative candidate who had the support of the Coalition Government. They lost their seat to the Liberal candidate, finishing in third place. In October 1919 they were awarded 125 pounds in damages for libel against the vice-chairperson of the North East Derbyshire Unionist Association. By the time of the 1924 general election Bowden had repaired their ties to the Conservatives, and stood as the party's candidate in North East Derbyshire once more. They were unsuccessful, with the Labour Party holding the seat.
They died suddenly at their home, "Rodney", Belmont Hill, St Albans in October 1927, aged 54.
References
External links
1873 births
1927 deaths
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for constituencies in Derbyshire
UK MPs 1910–1918
Royal Fusiliers officers
Royal Artillery officers
English mechanical engineers
Golden West College (GWC) is a public community college in Huntington Beach, California.
Organization
Golden West College, Orange Coast College, and Coastline Community College comprise the Coast Community College District (CCCD). The district is a regional organization providing administrative services and funding for post-secondary education. The state of California charters the CCCD to provide community college services.
Clubs
GWC possesses several clubs on campus for students to join. The C.A.R.E. CLUB is for single mothers dedicated to their children and their education. The California Nursing Student Association (CNSA) is to increase professional awareness and the growth of nursing students. The Peace & Leadership Club is for creating a culture of peace. Also the Alpha Gamma Sigma Honor Society - Sigma Pi Chapter is the longest existing organization/club on campus since 1969.
Academics
The mission of GWC is to provide inexpensive education in the trades, licensed trades and skilled professions, as well as remedial and transferable lower-division courses for students who plan to transfer to either a California State University, a campus of the University of California, or another university.
Athletics
GoldenWest is widely known for its success in athletics throughout the state of California. They have won many California State Community College Championships.
California State Community College Championships
Women's Basketball: 1979, 1990, 1991
Field Hockey: 1980
Women's Gymnastics: 1979, 1981
Men's Soccer: 1977
Softball:1975, 1979, 1981, 1983, 1984
Men's Swimming: 1985,1986, 1990, 1993, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2014, 2015, 2017
Women's Swimming: 1999, 2000, 2001, 2013
Men's Surfing: 1979
Women's Tennis: 1980
Men's Track Shot Put: 2010
Women's Track Hammer: 2010
Men's Volleyball: 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998, 1999
Women's Volleyball: 1979, 1984, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997,1998, 1999, 2000, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004
Men's Water Polo: 1976, 1978, 1979, 1980, 1981, 1982, 1985, 1989, 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 2001, 2002, 2008, 2009, 2011
Women's Water Polo: 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2009
Golden West's softball team has appeared in one woman's College World Series in 1974 at the college level (losing to Kansas and Weber State). Golden West also won the AIAW junior/community college national championship in 1975, 1976 and 1977. The 1975 title came in a perfect game, 22–0 victory over Northeastern Colorado, shortened to 5 innings by the mercy rule.
Notable alumni
Patty Cardenas – silver medalist at the 2008 Summer Olympics in water polo
Vivica A. Fox – actor
Doug Gottlieb – basketball analyst and sports talk radio host
Jack Haley – professional basketball player (NBA 1988–1998)
Jesse Juarez – JUCO All-American and California JC state champion wrestler; an American mixed martial artist
Paul McBeth – 5-time PDGA World Champion; professional disc golfer
James McDonald – professional baseball pitcher (MLB 2008–2013)
John Moses – professional baseball outfielder (MLB 1982–1992)
Tito Ortiz – 2-time NJCAA State Champion wrestler; professional mixed martial artist, former UFC Light Heavyweight Champion, UFC Hall of Fame member
Glenn Parker – professional football player (NFL 1990–2001)
Michelle Pfeiffer – actor
Joseph Santos – artist and painter
Jonathan Uyloan – professional basketball player (international 2009–2018)
Nicky Youre, singer and songwriter
References
External links
California Community Colleges
Education in Huntington Beach, California
Educational institutions established in 1965
Schools accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges
Sports in Huntington Beach, California
William Pereira buildings
1965 establishments in California
Two-year colleges in the United States
Dynoides artocanalis is a species of isopod in the family Sphaeromatidae.
References
artocanalis
Damien McCusker (born 21 October 1966) is a Gaelic footballer who played for the Derry county team in the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s. They still play club football with Watty Graham's GAC Glen. With the exception of the 1989 season, they played as goalkeeper for all their Derry career, while they have played the vast majority of their football out-field for Glen.
McCusker was part of Derry's 1993 All-Ireland Championship winning side, as well as the 1987, 1993 and 1998 Ulster Championship winning teams. The public voted them onto the All-Time Derry Team via an online poll in 2007.
Early life
McCusker was born in Maghera and attended school at St Patricks College in the town. Their brother Fergal was also in the 1993 Derry team that won the All-Ireland.
Career
School and college football
While at St Patrick's College school McCusker won Ulster Colleges Championship medals in 1982, 1983 and 1984.
Inter-county
McCusker won an Ulster Minor Championship medal in 1984 as part of the successful Derry minor team. They joined the senior team during the 1984/1985 National Football League when 17 years old and made their Derry senior début in late 1984 against Sligo. Having won Ulster Football Championships in 1987 and 1993, they went on to play on Derry's 1993 All-Ireland winning team, which beat Cork in the final and added a third Ulster Championship medal in 1998.
They won National Football League medals with Derry in 1992, 1995, and 1996 and has also won Interprovincial Championship/Railway Cup medals with Ulster. McCusker initially retired from inter-county football in 1998, but returned in 1999, and again in 2000 after then-goalkeeper Eoin McCloskey was suspended.
McCusker has also played on the Derry Masters (Over-40s) team.
Club career
They were part of the Glen team that won the 1983 Derry Intermediate Championship. McCusker won a Derry Senior League medal with Glen in 1987 and claimed back-to-back Derry Junior Football Championships in 2004 and 2005 with Glen Thirds playing in midfield.
McCusker was in the United States for a short period the 1980s and while there played with St Columbkille's GFC, Boston. They along with fellow Glen man Enda Gormley helped the club win a Boston Senior Football Championship in 1986.
They along with Eamonn Higgins is managing Glen for the 2008 season.
Soccer
Damien McCusker also had a brief stint playing association football for Ballyclare Comrades F.C. They achieved a then club record of four consecutive clean sheets in 1997.
Honours
County
All-Ireland Senior Football Championship - Winner (1): 1993
National Football League - Winner (3): 1992, 1995, 1996.
Ulster Senior Football Championship - Winner (2): 1987, 1993.
Ulster Senior Football Championship - Runner-up: 1992.
Dr McKenna Cup - Winner (1/2?): 1993.
Ulster Minor Football Championship - Winner (1):1983,1984.
Club
Derry Senior Football League - Winner (1): 1987
Derry Intermediate Football Championship - Winner (1): 1983
Derry Junior Football Championship - Winner (2): 2004, 2005
Boston Senior Football Championship - Winner (1): 1986
Province
Railway Cup - Winner (?): Years?
College
3 Ulster Colleges medals: 1982, 1983, 1984
Individual
All Star - Nominated (runner-up)?: ????
Captain Glen Derry Junior Football Championship winning sides: 2004, 2005
Note: The above lists may be incomplete. Please add any other honours you know of.
References
1966 births
Living people
Derry inter-county Gaelic footballers
Glen Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football goalkeepers
Gaelic football in Massachusetts
Gaelic football managers
Irish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
People from Maghera
Winners of one All-Ireland medal (Gaelic football)
Gaelic footballers who switched code
Ballyclare Comrades F.C. players
Association football goalkeepers
Association footballers from Northern Ireland
Saigusaozephyrus is a butterfly genus in the family Lycaenidae. It is monotypic, containing only the species Saigusaozephyrus atabyrius..S. atabyrius is endemic to West China.
References
Theclini
Monotypic butterfly genera
Lycaenidae genera
Abdul Halim Sharar (; 4 September 1860 – 1 December 1926) was an Indian author, playwright, essayist and historian from Lucknow. They left behind, in all, a hundred and two books. They often wrote about the Islamic past and extolled virtues like courage, bravery, magnanimity and religious fervour. Malikul Azia Vārjina (1889), Firdaus-e-Bareen (1899), Zawāl-e-Baghdad (1912), Husn kā Daku (1913–1914), Darbar-e-Harampur (1914) and Fateh Maftūh (1916) are some of their famous novels.
Their book Guzishta Lucknow is still considered one of the best narratives describing the genesis of the city and its culture of Lucknow. "جویائے حق" "Juya-e-Haq" is one of their lesser known works, it's the story of Salman the Persian, one of Muhammad's companions.
It is based on the letters of Salman to Bahira a Christian religious figure in Syria, about their journey to Madina to find the last prophet and description of the Muhammad and their dealings.
Abdul Haleem Sharar added the original text of letters in biography of Salman the persian.
Early life
Abdul Halim Sharar was born in Lucknow in 1860. Their father Hakim Tafazzul Husain was a scholar of Islamic religion and Persian literature. Sharar was educated at home where they learnt Arabic and Persian. After spending the first nine years of their life at Lucknow, Sharar joined their father at Matiya Burj in Calcutta in 1869, who was in the court of the exiled King of Awadh, Wajid Ali Shah. Sharar remained at Matiya Burj till 1879, and they also contributed to the columns of the Urdu newspaper Avadh Akhbar as its Matiya Burj correspondent. They started learning Greek medicine system but did not finish it. In 1880 Sharar married their first cousin.
Works
فردوس بریں This Historical content tells us when a new sect was tried to invent and was named فرقہ باطنیہ (Sect of Spirituality) and their leaders conspired to rule out Islam and they established highly secret society and they created artificial Paradise. They would make people stunned by their network of spies. They would sneak up a person's personal life and would pretend to tell the hidden (غیب) then that person would become their devotee and would do anything they would demand. History shows they captured a lot of people and made them to kill many renowned people and Scholars (علماء). According to history Halaku Khan (ہلاکو خان) son of Ganges Khan or Changez Khan in Urdu چنگیز خان found these people and they disposed of them all. They authored a magazine dil gudaaz initially from Luckhnow and later from Hyderabad where they were in the service of Nizam of Hyderabad.
Bibliography
Firdaus-e-Bareen
Hasan Angelina (1889)
Guzishta Lucknow
Malikul Aziz Varjinia (1889)
Mansur Mohana (1890)
"Philpana"
Asray Qadeem
Firdaus Bareen
Islami Swaneh Umriaan
Darbar-E- Harampur
Afsana Qais...
Afsana e Mateen...
Agha Sadiq Ki Shadi...
References
1869 births
1926 deaths
Indian Shia Muslims
19th-century Indian historians
20th-century Indian historians
Scientists from Lucknow
19th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Indian dramatists and playwrights
Dramatists and playwrights from Uttar Pradesh
Scholars from Uttar Pradesh
The 2019 European Youth Weightlifting Championships took place at the Leonardo Club Hotel in Eilat, Israel from 7 to 14 December 2019.
Medal overview
Under-15
Boys
Girls
Youth (Under-17)
Boys
Girls
Medal table
Ranking by Big (Total result) medals
Ranking by all medals: Big (Total result) and Small (Snatch and Clean & Jerk)
References
External links
Results
Youth,European Championships,2019
European Youth Championships
European Championships
2019 in Israeli sport
Youth,European Championships,2019
Sport in Eilat
December 2019 sports events in Europe
Nidau Castle is a castle in the municipality of Nidau of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Nidau's landmark is Nidau Castle, in which all the offices of the cantonal administration (including the prefecture) and the Castle Museum. The museum has an interesting exhibit on the Jura water correction.
The first wooden castle on the site was built in 1140, followed by a second one in 1180. The presence of the Nidau castle is first evidenced by a deed dated 30 August 1196, issued by Count Ulrich III of Neuchâtel. The first stone castle was built in the early 13th century. It has a square building of about on each side with walls that were a maximum of thick. The main tower was about tall. The three round towers and the ring wall were probably built in the 13th century. It was surrounded by a moat and by the Zihl river. It was built by either Count Ulrich III or their son, Rudolf I of Nidau. The town of Nidau was founded south of the castle by 1338.
The last count of Nidau, Rudolf IV died in 1375 in a battle in the Gugler War. The next owner of the castle was the Prince-Bishop of Basel, Johann von Venningen. However, they were defeated in 1376 and the Counts of Kyburg acquired the castle. In 1379, Count Rudolf von Kyburg sold the castle and town to the Habsburgs. The Habsburgs then gave the castle as a fief to Enguerrand de Coucy, the former commander of the Guglers, in 1387. During the Sempach War, in May 1388, Swiss Confederation forces from Bern and Solothurn attacked and besieged the town and castle for seven weeks before taking Nidau. The castle was heavily damaged and the Swiss forces suffered heavy losses in the battle. Following the war, the town and castle were awarded to Bern in the peace settlement.
For the next four centuries it was the seat of the Nidau bailiwick. A new gatehouse was built in 1546. Several of the towers were rebuilt in 1587. During the 17th century a residential wing was added to the old main tower. Other ancillary buildings, stables, servants' apartments and a fountain were also added.
After the 1798 French invasion and the creation of the Helvetic Republic the old bailiwick was Nidau was dissolved. In 1803, the Act of Mediation created the district of Nidau and the castle became the seat of the Oberamtmann of the district. The moat was filled in and portions of the ring wall were demolished. With the Jura water correction projects of 1868, the water level in the river and Lake Biel dropped and the castle was no longer surrounded by water. During the 20th century the castle has been renovated and repaired several times.
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
The Kaimai Mamaku Conservation Park is a protected area in the North Island of New Zealand. It was formed in 1975 as the Kaimai-Mamaku Forest Park, defined as a Conservation Park in 1987, and renamed in 2009. The park forms a barrier between the Waikato and Bay of Plenty regions, and runs from the Karangahake Gorge in the north, almost to Rotorua in the south. The park covers an area of around 37,000 hectares.
The Department of Conservation administers the land.
See also
Kaimai Range
Conservation parks of New Zealand
References
External links
Department of Conservation Kaimai to Coast Walks and Tramps
Conservation parks of New Zealand
Protected areas of the Bay of Plenty Region
Protected areas of Waikato
Eric Wilberforce Broadbridge, 2nd Baron Broadbridge (22 December 1895 – 18 November 1972), was a hereditary peer and business person.
Background
They were born in 1895, the son of George Broadbridge, 1st Baron Broadbridge, and Fanny Kathleen Brigden. They married Mabel Daisy Clarke, the daughter of Arthur Edward Clarke. They succeeded to the title of 2nd Baron Broadbridge, of Brighton, co. Sussex (U.K., 1945), in April 1952.
Education
Eric Broadbridge was educated at Hurstpierpoint College. They fought in the First World War, in the Machine Gun Corps.
Arms
References
1895 births
1972 deaths
People educated at Hurstpierpoint College
Machine Gun Corps officers
Eric
Disability Rights UK (DR UK) is a UK pan-disability charity which was set up with the aim of representing the needs and expectations of disabled people in the UK. Disability Rights UK was formed as a result of several disability charities merging in 2012.
History
Disability Rights UK was formed through a unification of Disability Alliance, Radar and National Centre for Independent Living on 1 January 2012. RADAR was formed in 1977 as the Royal Association for Disability and Rehabilitation and later renamed to Royal Association for Disability Rights.
About RADAR
RADAR was an umbrella organisation which sought to work with and for disabled people in the UK. Its aim was to remove structural, economic and attitudinal barriers. It campaigned and produced policy statements and briefings on related issues and provided support services for its member organisations.
Activities
Campaigning
Disability Rights UK campaigns on a number of issues, including independent living, work and education, and against hate crime, bullying and negative attitudes towards disabled people.
Advice and Information
Disability Rights UK offers some advice phonelines: a service for disabled students, a service to report disability discrimination, support with personal budgets, and welfare rights advice for member organisations. As well as this, it publishes factsheets and guides on issues relevant to disabled people, such as working and obtaining social care.
National Key Scheme
The National Key Scheme (formerly known as the RADAR Key Scheme) is a universal key scheme to enable disabled people to access accessible toilets in the UK to prevent misuse and vandalism of these facilities. The scheme is administered by Disability Rights UK. There are at least 9,000 toilets in the UK that can be accessed with the key. The key itself is designed with many featuressuch as its large sizeto enable users with physical impairments to use the key with greater ease. Keys can be obtained from Disability Rights UK, local authorities, and online.
References
External links
Charities based in London
Charities for disabled people based in the United Kingdom
Disability rights organizations
1977 establishments in the United Kingdom
2012 establishments in the United Kingdom
Organisations based in the London Borough of Newham
Organisations based in the United Kingdom with royal patronage
Organizations established in 1977
Stratford, London
The Greenland Plate is a supposed tectonic plate bounded to the west by Nares Strait, a probable transform fault; on the southwest by the Ungava transform underlying Davis Strait; on the southeast by the Mid-Atlantic Ridge; and the northeast by the Gakkel Ridge, with its northwest border still being explored. The Greenland craton is made up of some of the oldest rocks on Earth. The Isua greenstone belt in southwestern Greenland contains the oldest known rocks on Earth dated at 3.7–3.8 billion years old.
The Precambrian basement of Greenland formed an integral part of the Laurentian Shield that is at the core of the North American continent. Greenland was formed in two rifting stages from the main body of North America. The first, during the Cretaceous period, formed Baffin Bay. Baffin Bay is the northwestern extension and terminus of the North Atlantic-Labrador Sea rift system that started forming 140 million years ago in the Early Cretaceous epoch. The Labrador Sea started opening 69 million years ago during the Maastrichtian age but seafloor spreading appears to have ceased by the Oligocene epoch, 30–35 million years ago. Correlations between tectonic units in Canada and Greenland have been proposed; however, the pre-spreading fit of Greenland to Canada is still not accurately known.
Since the closure of the North Atlantic–Labrador Sea rift, Greenland has moved roughly in conjunction with North America; thus, there are questions as to whether the Greenland Plate should still be considered a separate plate at all. The area between Greenland and Baffin Island is, however, seismically very active, being the location of the epicenter of many earthquakes including a 7.3-magnitude earthquake in 1933. , scientists have been unable to correlate the seismicity with particular geological structures or geophysical anomalies. It has been suggested that seismicity in the region is related to the stresses associated with post-glacial rebound.
See also
References
Tectonic plates
Geology of the Atlantic Ocean
Geology of North America
Geology of Greenland
Nuno Ricardo Santos Belchior better known as Belchior (born 9 October 1982) is a Portuguese beach soccer player. They play in forward position.
Honours
National team
Portugal
Euro Beach Soccer League winner: 2007, 2008
Euro Beach Soccer League runner-up: 2004, 2005, 2006, 2009
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup winner: 2015, 2019
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup runner-up: 2005
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup third place: 2003, 2004, 2008
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup fourth place: 2006
Euro Beach Soccer League Portuguese Event winner : 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007
Euro Beach Soccer League Italian Event runner-up : 2005, 2007
Euro Beach Soccer League Italian Event third place: 2006
Euro Beach Soccer League Spanish Event winner : 2005
Euro Beach Soccer League Spanish Event runner-up : 2006
Euro Beach Soccer League Spanish Event third place: 2007
Euro Beach Soccer League French Event winner : 2004, 2005
Copa Latina runner-up: 2003
Mundialito winner: 2003, 2008, 2009
Mundialito runner-up: 2005, 2006, 2007
Mundialito fourth place: 2004
Individual
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Bronze Shoe: 2008
FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup Bronze Ball: 2008
Euro Beach Soccer League French Event Top Scorer: 2004
External links
Biography
1982 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Barreiro, Portugal
Portuguese beach soccer players
European Games bronze medalists for Portugal
Beach soccer players at the 2015 European Games
European Games medalists in beach soccer
Beach soccer players at the 2019 European Games
European Games gold medalists for Portugal
The Cabinet of Tadeusz Komorowski (Polish: Rząd Tadeusza Komorowskiego) was a Polish cabinet in exile headed by General Tadeusz Bór-Komorowski.
The cabinet was formed on 2 July 1947 and resigned on 10 February 1949
Tadeusz Bór-Komorowski, Prime Minister.
Zygmunt Berezowski (SN), Minister of Internal Affairs.
Adam Pragier (ZPS), Minister of Information.
Bronisław Kuśnierz (SP), Minister of Justice.
Władysław Folkierski (SN), Minister of Religion and Public Enlightenment.
Adam Tarnowski, Minister of Foreign Affairs.
Gen. Marian Kukiel, Minister of National Defense.
Stanisław Sopicki (SP), Minister of the Public Administration Reconstruction.
See also
Polish Government in Exile
Komorowski Tadeusz
1947 establishments in Poland
1949 disestablishments in Poland
Cabinets established in 1947
Cabinets disestablished in 1949
Igor Budan (born 22 April 1980) is a Croatian former footballer who played as a forward. They currently work as deputy director of football for Serie A club Spezia.
Club career
Early career
Budan played for their native NK Rijeka for two seasons before moving to Italy in 1999. At that time Serie A imposed non-EU quota per team that each team could be used in the field. Budan spent 2000–01 season with Empoli as well as Swiss club Bellinzona (in Italian speaking region of Switzerland) in order to free the quota for other players. Budan was one of the players transferred to Palermo from Venezia in 2002. The ex-owner of Venezia, Maurizio Zamparini, had bought Palermo in July 2002.
Atalanta
They spent two very good seasons between 2003 and 2005 with Atalanta, where they were a regular. Atalanta excised the option to sign Budan in June 2004 but Palermo also excised the counter-option, however, the loan later extended. Atalanta signed Budan in co-ownership deal in summer 2005 for €1 million. Along with Adriano, they were part of the deal of Stephen Makinwa.
Parma
The co-ownership deal with Atalanta being terminated in June 2006 for €1 million, Budan was then loaned to Parma F.C. with a co-ownership option (€1.25 million), That season Palermo signed Mark Bresciano (€2.5 million) and Fábio Simplício (€4.6 million); Budan and Maurizio Ciaramitaro were the possible alternative compensation other than cash in the deals to Parma. Parma excised the option in June 2007 and bought Davide Matteini (50% for €900,00) and Francesco Parravicini (€950,000 to Palermo and €950,000 to Fiorentina) Budan scored a lesser goal in 2007–08 Serie A but with a better goal per game, Palermo bought back Budan for €4.5million from relegated Parma in June 2008. Budan also signed a new five-year contract.
Return to Palermo
At Palermo, Budan opportunities to play were limited in the first season because of knee injuries and a surgery on their left knee.
However, they were confirmed to the Palermo squad for the 2009–10 season, and they started the new season by coming on as a substitute in the first two league games, against Napoli and Fiorentina. In the third game of the 2009–10 season, Budan scored their first goal for Palermo, a late injury-time equalizer in a 1–1 home tie against Bari. Their new season with Palermo was then later stopped by another serious knee injury that kept them out of action for the remained of the tournament.
On 31 August 2010, they were loaned out to newly promoted Serie A club Cesena until the end of the season. They returned to Palermo by the end of the season and remained in Sicily due to the club failing to find a team for him. Initially kept off the first team squad, they were subsequently re-included due to an injury crisis and featured in a number of league games under head coach Devis Mangia, and then gaining a starting lineup spot under new boss Bortolo Mutti. Their improved condition, together with the sale of Mauricio Pinilla to Cagliari, turned them into a starter and gave them the opportunity to play more continuously; they scored their first goal of the season on 22 January 2012, netting the 1–1 equalizer in a 5–3 home win against Genoa, that was followed by them scoring both goals in a 2–0 victory against Novara one week later. During 2011–12 season Budan also extended their contract with the club to 30 June 2015.
In January 2013 they moved on loan to Atalanta. After their loan expired, Budan confirmed their retirement in June 2013.
International career
Budan was capped for the Croatian U-18 team at the 1998 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship (now U-19 event) and the 1999 FIFA World Youth Championship (now FIFA U-20 World Cup). Budan also played in 1999 UEFA European Under-18 Football Championship qualification.
On 7 February 2007, Budan made their international debut for Croatia in a 2–1 friendly win against Norway, coming on as a 62nd-minute substitute for Boško Balaban.
Budan was selected for Croatia's Euro 2008 campaign, where they came on as a substitute in the second half against Austria. This would be Budan's final cap for Croatia.
Post-playing career
After their retirement, Budan returned to Palermo with their family and successively confirmed they were about to join the rosanero staff as a team manager starting from the 2013–14 season, accepting an offer from president Maurizio Zamparini who had already regularly stated this intention in the past.
They left Palermo after one season in order to pursue a career as a director of football, accepting an offer to work as Guido Angelozzi's deputy at Serie B club Spezia.
Career statistics
Club
International
References
External links
Lega Serie A profile (data by Panini Digital)
1980 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Rijeka
Association football forwards
Croatian footballers
Croatia youth international footballers
Croatia international footballers
UEFA Euro 2008 players
HNK Rijeka players
Venezia F.C. players
Empoli F.C. players
AC Bellinzona players
Palermo F.C. players
A.C. Ancona players
Atalanta B.C. players
Ascoli Calcio 1898 F.C. players
Parma Calcio 1913 players
A.C. Cesena players
Croatian Football League players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Swiss Challenge League players
Croatian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Italy
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate footballers in Switzerland
Croatian expatriate sportspeople in Switzerland
Nouadhibou Cemetery is a cemetery in Nouadhibou, Mauritania. It is located just to the west of Nouadhibou Mosque, overlooking the harbour. It is also known as St. Etienne Chapel Cemetery, corresponding to Nouadibou's French name Port Etienne.
It has a memorial to five Commonwealth airmen formerly buried there after the Second World War.
References
External links
Cemeteries in Mauritania
Nouadhibou
Columbia Turnpike may refer to:
Columbia Turnpike (Connecticut), now mainly Route 66
Columbia Turnpike (New York)
Columbia Turnpike (Washington), now Bladensburg Road, and the original operator of Virginia's Columbia Pike in Arlington County
See also
Columbia Pike (disambiguation)
is a train station in Kushima, Miyazaki Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by of JR Kyushu and is on the Nichinan Line.
Lines
The station is served by the Nichinan Line and is located 79.6 km from the starting point of the line at .
Layout
The station consists of a side platform serving a single track at grade. The station building is a simple wooden structure with a tiled roof. It is unstaffed and serves only as a waiting room. After the ticket gate, short flight of steps leads up to the platform.
Adjacent stations
History
Japanese National Railways (JNR) opened Fukushima-Takamatsu on 15 September 1949 as an temporary stop on the existing track of its then Shibushi Line. On 10 January 1950, it was upgraded to a full station. On 8 May 1963, the route was designated the Nichinan Line. With the privatization of JNR on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Kyushu.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2016, the station was used by an average of 2 passengers (boarding only) per day.
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Fukushima-Takamatsu (JR Kyushu)
Railway stations in Miyazaki Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1949
The 1951 Los Angeles State Diablos football team represented Los Angeles State College—now known as California State University, Los Angeles—as a member of the California Collegiate Athletic Association (CCAA) during the 1951 college football season. This was the first year of intercollegiate play for the school. Led by first-year head coach Leonard Adams, Los Angeles State compiled an overall record of 1–7 with a mark of 0–4 in conference play, placing last out of five teams in the CCAA. The team was outscored by its opponents 220 to 63 for the season and was shut out four times. The Diablos played home games at Los Angeles City College in Los Angeles.
Schedule
Notes
References
Los Angeles State
Cal State Los Angeles Diablos football seasons
Los Angeles State Diablos football
St Thomas's Church, Oakwood is an Anglican church in the Enfield Deanery of the Diocese of London. It is located in Prince George Avenue in the Oakwood area of the London Borough of Enfield, England.
History
St Thomas's is a modern Anglican church established in the 1930s as the suburb of Oakwood grew with the extension of the Piccadilly underground line to Cockfosters. Building stopped with the outbreak of the Second World War, and the church was not finished until the 1950s. The architect was Romilly Craze. Later a parish hall was added, and a distinctive tall green spire. There is a guide hut on the grounds across the car park from the main building.
Late in 2010 the spire was found to be unsafe and removed, however this was replaced at the beginning of 2012.
Present day
The church holds weekly services on Sundays.
St Thomas's is within the Conservative Evangelical tradition of the Church of England. As a parish that supports complementary gender roles, it receives alternative episcopal oversight from the Bishop of Maidstone (currently Rod Thomas).
From May 2017 to 2018, St. Thomas' Oakwood was in interregnum; this followed the move of the previous vicar, Christopher Hobbs (1997-2017), to St Andrew's Church, Cheadle Hulme. On 16 April 2018, the next vicar, Rich Alldritt, was inducted at the church. The current musical director is David Reavley.
St Thomas's Church Website
References
Oakwood
Diocese of London
Evangelical Anglicanism
Oakwood
William Peter "Slim" Emmerich (September 29, 1919 – September 17, 1998) was an American professional baseball player. The right-handed pitcher stood tall and weighed .
Emmerich made their Major League Baseball debut in 1945 with the New York Giants. They were drafted from the St. Louis Cardinals in the 1944 Rule 5 draft, and played during the 1945 (31 games pitched) and 1946 (two games) seasons. In 104 innings pitched in the Majors, they allowed 117 hits and 33 bases on balls, with 28 strikeouts. Seven of their 33 career appearances were as a starting pitcher, and they notched one complete game, a 5–1, seven-hit victory over the Philadelphia Phillies at Shibe Park.
Emmerich's pro career lasted 12 seasons, beginning in 1940 through 1951.
References
External links
1919 births
1998 deaths
Albany Senators players
Allentown Wings players
Baseball players from Pennsylvania
Dallas Eagles players
Jersey City Giants players
Lexington Indians players
Los Angeles Angels (minor league) players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Martinsville Manufacturers players
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
Nashville Vols players
New York Giants (NL) players
Rochester Red Wings players
Sportspeople from Allentown, Pennsylvania
Springfield Cubs players
is a Japanese former professional boxer who competed from 1993 to 2004, challenging for the OPBF bantamweight title in 1998. As an amateur, they competed in the men's flyweight event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. At the 1988 Summer Olympics, they defeated Simon Morales of Colombia, before losing to Serafim Todorov of Bulgaria.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Japanese male boxers
Olympic boxers of Japan
Boxers at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Iwate Prefecture
Flyweight boxers
Bantamweight boxers
Super-bantamweight boxers
The Colorado Mammoth are a lacrosse team based in Denver, Colorado playing in the National Lacrosse League (NLL). The 2007 season was the 21st in franchise history and 5th as the Mammoth (previously the Washington Power, Pittsburgh Crossefire, and Baltimore Thunder).
The Mammoth won the Western division title with a 12-4 record, but were eliminated in the first round by the 4th place San Jose Stealth. The 2007 season marked Gary Gait's last as Mammoth head coach; they resigned following the season to become head coach of the Syracuse University women's lacrosse team.
Regular season
Conference standings
Game log
Reference:
Playoffs
Game log
Reference:
Player stats
Reference:
Runners (Top 10)
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; LB = Loose Balls; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltenders
Note: GP = Games played; MIN = Minutes; W = Wins; L = Losses; GA = Goals against; Sv% = Save percentage; GAA = Goals against average
Awards
Transactions
Trades
Roster
Reference:
See also
2007 NLL season
References
Colorado
2007 in sports in Colorado
Roller soccer, roller foot or roller football is a version of association football (soccer) played on roller skates.
History
The sport was created in the English Midlands in 1882 and the first documented match was a game between local rivals Derby and Burton on 30 January of that year. A 1934 game at London's Forest Gate Roller Rink, between two teams of female players, was filmed for an item on Pathé News. Over a decade later Billboard reported in 1949 that it had been revived in Detroit, having disappeared for more than thirty years.
The game re-emerged for inlines in San Francisco in 1995, when a group of friends on inline skates began playing soccer with a pine cone. They soon switched to using a football. By 1998, it was described as "well established in some areas".
The first Rollersoccer World Cup was held in London in 2003 and again in 2004 whereafter the tournament was rotated around the world with European and National events also emerging.
The country with most active players and the highest number of teams is France, with Marseille currently the holders of the most world titles. The sport is also played in Australia, Belarus, Belgium, Brazil, England, Germany, India, Russia, Scotland and Senegal.
World championships
2003 (London) :
1st Holland
2nd Germany
2004 (London) :
1st Germany
2nd Holland
2005 (Germany) :
1st Germany
2006 (Nuremberg) :
1st Planet Roller
2nd AMSCAS Marseille
2007 (Paris) :
1st AMSCAS Marseille
??
3rd Planet Roller
??
5th UTOPIE Toulon
2008 (San Francisco) :
1st Away Team
2nd AMSCAS Marseille
3rd Euroland
4th Planet Roller
2009 (Brussels) :
1st AMSCAS Marseille
2nd Shark Épinay Roller Soccer
3rd Planet Roller
4th UTOPIE Toulon
2010 (Piacenza):
1st AMSCAS Marseille
2011 (Recife) :
1st AMSCAS Marseille
2nd Sport Clube Recife
3rd Recife Futins Clube
2012 (Marseille) :
1st AMSCAS Marseille
2nd Slovenia
3rd Recife Futins Clube
4th Shark Épinay Roller Soccer
2013 (Amsterdam) :
1st AMSCAS Marseille
2nd RSCT Toulon
3rd Phénix, Marseille
4th Paris RF
2015 (Toulon) :
1st RSCT Toulon
2nd Phenix Marseille
Semi finalists: Rollera Ljubljana, AMSCAS Marseille
2017 (Marseille) :
1st Phénix, Marseille
2nd USMS Easy Riders Toulon
3rd AMSCAS Marseille
4th RSCT Toulon
References
External links
The Official Rollersoccer International Federation
The Official London Rollersoccer page
Association football variants
Inline skating
Roller sports
Psephochelys (meaning "pebbly turtle") is an extinct genus of placodont reptile from the Late Triassic of China. It is represented by a single species, Psephochelys polyosteoderma, named in 2002 on the basis of a single partial skeleton found in an outcrop of the Carnian-age Falong Formation in Guizhou Province. Psephochelys is classified as a member of the family Placochelyidae, which is within the larger placodont superfamily Cyamodontoidea. Like other cyamodontoids, Psephochelys has a wide shell covering its body, similar to that of a turtle. However, unlike those of other cyamodontoids, the shell of Psephochelys only covers its back. The plastron, which covers the underside of other cyamodontoids, is absent, and in its place are rib-like gastralia surrounded by loosely connecting osteoderms or bony plates.
References
Placodonts
Prehistoric animals of China
Sauropterygian genera
Shabelkivka () is an urban-type settlement in Kramatorsk Raion in Donetsk Oblast of eastern Ukraine.
Demographics
Native language as of the Ukrainian Census of 2001:
Ukrainian 48.42%
Russian 50.32%
Armenian 0.07%
Belarusian 0.02%
References
Urban-type settlements in Donetsk Oblast
Atlantis Software was a London-based UK computer games publisher that published a number of games during the 1980s and early 1990s.
The company was set up by Michael Cole and Rodger Coghill in January 1984 with the first four games released in May of that year. The philosophy of the company was to sell high volume at low 'pocket-money' prices: initially, all games were £1.99. The Atlantis Gold label was launched the following year at £2.99, but the Gold tag was soon dropped, with games at both prices being released under the Atlantis logo but with the suggested price on the cover.
The company's primary focus remained on the low-cost cassette-based games for 8-bit machines for £1.99 and £2.99 (commonly known as "budget" games) that formed a significant part of the UK 8-bit software market during the 1980s.
However, they later published games for the 16-bit disk-based Atari ST and Commodore Amiga formats.
Formats covered included the ZX Spectrum on which they published several games reviewed by the UK gaming press.
Selected titles
Master Mariner, 1984 (ZX Spectrum)
Monster Munch, 1984 (Commodore 64)
Cops 'n' Robbers, 1985 (Commodore VIC-20, C64, Commodore 16, Acorn Electron, BBC Micro, Atari 8-bit)
Death Race, 1985 (VIC-20, C64, C16, Atari 8-bit)
League Challenge, 1986 (Spectrum, C64, C16, Electron, BBC, Atari 8-bit, Amstrad CPC, Amiga, Atari ST)
Survivors, 1986 (Spectrum, C64, C16, Electron, BBC, Atari 8-bit, CPC, MSX)
Panik!, 1986 (C16, Electron, BBC, Atari 8-bit)
Gunfighter, 1988 (Spectrum, C64, Electron, BBC, Atari 8-bit, CPC)
Crack-Up!, 1989 (Spectrum, C64, Electron, BBC, Atari 8-bit, CPC)
Encounter!, 1989 (Atari 8-bit, Commodore 64)
Cavemania, 1990 (Spectrum, C64, CPC, Amiga, ST)
Hobgoblin, 1990 (Spectrum, C64, Electron, BBC, CPC)
Apache Flight, 1992 (Amiga, ST)
Dates shown are for the first version. In many cases, ports to other machines were released over a number of years (e.g. League Challenge wasn't ported to Amiga until 1991).
References
External links
Atlantis Software Game Cover Gallery on Retromuseums
Atlantis Softology on Retromuseums
Defunct video game companies of the United Kingdom
This is a list of notable restaurants in South Africa.
List of restaurants
B
Burger King
C
Chicken Licken
D
Dulce Café
Domino's Pizza
Debonairs Pizza
H
The Hussar Grill
J
John Dory's
K
KFC
Krispy Kreme
Kauai
Kream
M
McDonald's
Mugg & Bean
Mzoli's
Mexican grills
Mochachos
N
Nando's
News Cafe
P
Panarottis
Pizza Hut
Popeyes
Papachinos
R
Roman's Pizza
RocoMamas
The Radium Beerhall
S
Spur
Steers
Subway
V
Vida e Caffè
W
Wimpy
See also
Lists of restaurants
South African cuisine
References
Lists of companies of South Africa
South Africa
South African cuisine-related lists
Edison Carlos Felícissimo Polidório (born October 30, 1979 in Paraíba do Sul), known as Edinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as left back. Their last club was Maringá.
Career statistics
Honours
Club
Vasco
Campeonato Carioca: 2003
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Association football defenders
CR Vasco da Gama players
St Senara's Church, or The Church of Saint Senara, in Zennor Churchtown, Cornwall, England, UK, is the parish church of the parish of Zennor. It is in the Deanery of Penwith, Archdeaconry of Cornwall, and Diocese of Truro. It is dedicated to the local saint, Saint Senara, and is at least 1400 years old, though it was rebuilt in the 12th century. It is a Grade I listed building.
History
A church dedicated to Saint Senara has stood on the current site overlooking the sea since at least the 6th century AD, but the current building is partly Norman and partly of the 13th and 15th centuries (the north aisle 15th century). There is a west tower and the octagonal font may be from the 13th century. It was reputedly founded by Saint Senara on their return from Ireland with their son, who was by then a bishop, when they founded the village of Zennor.
One of only two remaining bench-ends in the church portrays the Mermaid of Zennor, depicted admiring themselves in a mirror. This is on the so-called "Mermaid Chair" which also has carvings of fish on the seat, and which is believed to be at least 600 years old.
On the church's outside wall, next to the west porch, is a memorial to John Davy, 1891, the last person to speak Cornish fluently. The church is surrounded by a small circular graveyard, the boundaries of which have existed since the Bronze Age and in which parishioners have been buried for centuries.
Both this church and the church of the nearby village of Morvah lay claim to the local legend of a cow eating the bell-rope, at a time when such items were fashioned from straw.
The tower contains six bells in the key of G, four of which were cast by Gillett & Johnston in 1926 to accompany the two medieval bells already there. They are currently unringable due to corrosion of the bell-frame. In 2019, a full restoration of the bells was started by John Taylor & Co, which will once again allow them to be used for change-ringing.
Today
Saint Senara's is the parish church for Zennor, and mainly serves the village of Zennor, more properly called "Zennor Churchtown", after the church, to distinguish it from Zennor parish. The church remains in regular use for Sunday services, as well as hosting special events such as weddings and funerals. The priest-in-charge is Revd. Elizabeth Foot.
References
Mattingly, Joanna. (2016) St. Senara's Church, Zennor: A Church History and Guide
External links
Diary of James Stevens of Zennor & Sancreed (about the restoration of the church; additional information from: Mattingly, Joanna. (2016) St. Senara's Church, Zennor: A Church History and Guide.)
Church of England church buildings in Cornwall
English Gothic architecture in Cornwall
Grade I listed churches in Cornwall
St Senara's Church
Celeste Agustina Woss y Gil (5 May 1891 – 1985) was a Dominican painter, educator, and feminist activist, remembered as one of the most influential Dominican artists from the 20th century. Born in Santo Domingo and daughter to former president Alejandro Woss y Gil, they were 12 years old when their family left the country in exile after their father's second presidential term ended in 1903. They spent the rest of their early years living and studying art in Paris, Cuba, and New York.
Them style fuses post-impressionist influences from Europe with a distinctly Caribbean flavor.  They are known for their nudes of Dominican women and scenes of bustling marketplaces. In 1924, they put on a solo exhibition of their work, making it a landmark show for Dominican art history, being the first woman to do so in the country.
Woss y Gil is especially remembered as an influential educator who would go on to teach some of the most well known native artists of the 20th century. They opened a small art school in Santo Domingo in 1924, and later a painting and drawing academy in 1931. In August 1942, Woss y Gil joined the newly established National School of Fine Arts as founding faculty along with artists Josep Gausachs, George Hausdorf, José Vela Zanetti, and Manolo Pascual, later becoming the director. Among their students were artists Gilberto Hernández Ortega and Delia Weber.
Woss y Gil died in 1985, aged 94–95, in Santo Domingo.
Early life and education
Woss y Gil was born on May 5, 1891 in Santo Domingo to María Altagracia Ricart Pérez and two-time former president Alejandro Woss y Gil (1885-1887 and 1903). Alejandro Woss y Gil served briefly as president in 1903; because they were removed from office after only a few short months, young Celeste and their family left for France in exile, living there until 1912 before moving to Cuba.
Them initial art studies began under the guidance of Abelardo Rodríguez Urdaneta in Santo Domingo. Living in Cuba, Woss y Gil enrolled at the Painting Academy in Santiago de Cuba, under the instruction of José Joaquín Tejada. Here, they participated in their first exhibition.
From 1920 to 1922 they moved to New York City to continue their studies, enrolling at the Art Students League of New York and the National Academy of Design, during which they studied with Ashcan realist artist George Luks and impressionist Frank DuMond. Them work was first exhibited in the United States in 1923 in an Art Students League exhibition.
Artistic Career
In 1924, Woss y Gil returned to Santo Domingo and opened a studio-school, teaching classes in the courtyard of their home. To inaugurate the school, they held a solo exhibition, being the first female artist in the Dominican Republic to do so, which was well received by art critics throughout the country. Them school introduced the practice of drawing from live models in the country.
Woss y Gill's post-impressionistic art style shows depictions of a wide range of subjects, most popularly female nudes, portraits, and scenes of Dominican pictorial life.
Interested in human anatomy in art, Woss y Gil closed their home studio-school in 1928, leaving for New York to further their artistic training. Upon their return to Santo Domingo in 1931, they establish an Academy of Drawing and Painting, which would become the foremost art school in the country throughout the 1930s. Among the students they taught here were Gilberto Hernández Ortega, Delia Weber, Genoveva Báez, Xavier Amiama, and Purita Barón.
Woss y Gil taught at their academy for the next 10 years until in 1942, when they joined the founding faculty of the newly formed National School of Fine Arts (“Escuela Nacional de Bellas Artes”), eventually becoming director of the school.
Social Activism
Woss y Gil played an important role in the woman's suffrage movement in the Dominican Republic that won the right to vote for women during the Trujillo era. In 1927, they along with Abigaíl Mejía, Delia Weber, Trina de Moya, Ana Josefa Puello, and others, founded Nosotras Club, the first feminist organization in the country, which advocated for woman's liberation and the betterment of children. Years later, in 1931, Acción Feminista Dominicana (AFD) was established, with the purpose of the “intellectual, social, moral, and juridical development of women”. The organization pursued Dominican women's right to vote, and launched the first Dominican feminist manifesto in 1931, claiming the right to gender equality in the country's Constitution. The suffragettes included many artists and educators such as Woss and Gil, Abigaíl Mejía, Delia Weber, Gladys de los Santos Novoa, Elpidia Gautier, Livia Veloz, Petronila Angélica Gómez, Ercilia Pepín, Carmen González de Peynado, Patricia Mella del Monte, Amada Nivar de Pittaluga, among many others. Women were officially granted the right to vote in 1942.
Notable works
In 1939, Woss and Gil's painting 'El Vendedor de Andullos' was exhibited in the World Painting Exhibition at the New York World's Fair, obtaining a Medal of Honor for their painting; this painting depicts two men smoking andullo, a form of dried, compressed, fermented, and rolled tobacco for pipe smoking and chewing widely used in the Dominican Republic since pre-Columbian times. The background of the image displays working people going about their everyday lives, as well as children playing beneath a Arecaceae palm tree and a blue sky. The painting travelled around the United States well into the 1940s.
Gallery
References
1890 births
1985 deaths
Dominican Republic educators
Art educators
Art Students League of New York alumni
20th-century Dominican Republic painters
20th-century Dominican Republic artists
Dominican Republic exiles
Dominican Republic expatriates in France
Dominican Republic expatriates in the United States
Dominican Republic women artists
Dominican Republic expatriates in Cuba
Founders of educational institutions
People from Santo Domingo
Dominican Republic portrait painters
Dominican Republic women painters
Dominican Republic people of Canarian descent
Dominican Republic people of Catalan descent
Dominican Republic people of French descent
Dominican Republic people of German descent
White Dominicans
Children of national leaders
Amílton Jesus dos Santos or simply Amílton (born August 13, 1981), is a Brazilian striker playing for Uberlândia Esporte Clube.
Contract
2 May 2007 to 31 December 2008
External links
atletico.com
CBF
futebolinterior
zerozero.pt
Guardian Stats Centre
1981 births
Living people
Brazilian footballers
Clube Atlético Mineiro players
Esporte Clube Democrata players
América Futebol Clube (MG) players
Ipatinga Futebol Clube players
Clube de Regatas Brasil players
Uberlândia Esporte Clube players
Association football forwards
People from Jequié
Sportspeople from Bahia
Phumelele Ace Bhengu (born 19 November 1989) is a South African footballer who plays as a winger or centre forward for Tshakhuma Madzivhandila.
Club career
Moroka Swallows
5 years after joining Moroka Swallows' youth academy at the age of 14, in 2008 Bhengu started playing senior football in the Premier Soccer League. After scoring a brace against Kaizer Chiefs Bhengu was praised and compared to Benni McCarthy.
Bay United
In January 2011, Bhengu joined Bay United on a 6-month loan deal. At Bay United, Bhengu reverted to playing as a striker.
Chippa United
In January 2013, Bhengu joined Chippa United on a two-and-a-half-year deal, but was released two weeks later with Chippa United citing a lack of match fitness as the reason.
Thanda Royal Zulu
In the second half of 2013, Bhengu joined Thanda Royal Zulu and started reviving their career.
Bhengu finished the 2014–15 season as the top-scorer, scoring 22 goals and setting a new National First Division record.
SuperSport United
After winning the National First Division's golden boot award, Bhengu turned down offers from Kaizer Chiefs and Mamelodi Sundowns to join SuperSport United.
Bhengu's first season with SuperSport United was not successful, managing only four substitute appearances, prompting them to request a loan move to gain game-time.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
People from KwaZulu-Natal
South African soccer players
Association football wingers
Moroka Swallows F.C. players
Hapoel Nir Ramat HaSharon F.C. players
Chippa United F.C. players
Thanda Royal Zulu F.C. players
SuperSport United F.C. players
Royal Eagles F.C. players
Real Kings F.C. players
African Games silver medalists for South Africa
African Games medalists in football
Bay United F.C. players
Liga Leumit players
Competitors at the 2011 All-Africa Games
South African expatriate soccer players
Expatriate footballers in Israel
South African expatriate sportspeople in Israel
The National Infantry Museum and Soldier Center is a museum located in Columbus, Georgia, just outside the Maneuver Center of Excellence at Fort Benning. The 190,000-square-foot museum opened in June 2009.
The museum chronicles the history of the United States Army infantryman from the American Revolution to Afghanistan. It exhibits artifacts from all eras of American history and contains interactive multimedia exhibits. The National Infantry Museum emphasizes the values that are meant to define the infantryman, as well as the nation: loyalty, duty, respect, selfless service, honor, integrity, and personal courage.
In addition to galleries, the National Infantry Museum and Soldier Center also consists of:
Officer Candidate School (OCS) Hall of Honor
OCS Hall of Fame
Ranger Hall of Honor
Ranger Hall of Fame
DownRange Combat Simulators
The Fife and Drum Restaurant
Giant Screen Theater
Heritage Walk
Inouye Parade Field
Memorial Walk of Honor
Vietnam Memorial Plaza
Global War on Terrorism Memorial
The Soldier Store Gift Shop
World War II Company Street.
Until April 2008, the museum was housed in an old Army hospital on Fort Benning. Space and conditions for the museum's collection was inadequate. In 1998, the 501(c)(3) National Infantry Foundation [1] was formed to plan, raise funds for and to operate a new museum. The National Infantry Museum Foundation has since formed a formal partnership with the Army to manage the facility and its contents. The National Infantry Museum does not receive federal, state or city funding. Through its lease agreement with the National Infantry Museum Foundation, the Army reimburses the foundation for approximately 30 percent of the museum's annual operating expenses. There is no admission fee. The museum relies on donations, memberships and revenue-generating attractions such as the Giant Screen Theater, combat simulators, Fife and Drum Restaurant, Soldier Store and event rentals to cover operating expenses.
The museum is located on a 155-acre campus adjacent to Fort Benning. The campus includes Inouye Field, sprinkled with soil from the battlegrounds of Yorktown, Antietam, Soissons, Normandy, Corregidor, Korea, Vietnam, Iraq, and Afghanistan, and a 2,100-seat stadium which hosts graduations of Army trainees. The graduations are open to the public.
World War II Company Street is a collection of seven buildings constructed at Fort Benning during the ramp-up to World War II. They have been furnished as they were in the 1940s and are open for tours most days. The buildings include a chapel, barracks, mess hall, orderly room, supply room, and the sleeping quarters and headquarters building used by Gen. George Patton prior to their deployment to North Africa in 1942.
The Vietnam Memorial Plaza contains a ¾-scale replica of the Vietnam Wall on the Mall in Washington, D.C.
The Global War on Terrorism Memorial(under construction Summer 2017) includes the names of 6,800 Soldiers, Sailors, Airmen and Marines killed in service since 9/11. A 13-foot steel beam pulled from the wreckage of the World Trade Center and donated to the museum by New York City firefighters is featured in the design of the memorial.
The museum received a Thea Award for excellence from the Themed Entertainment Association in 2011, USA Today's 2016, 2020 and 2021 Readers' Choice Award for Best Free Museum, and TripAdvisor's Hall of Fame recognition for continued excellence.
Gallery
Notes and references
Putnam, Walter, "Powell salutes soldiers at museum opening", Military Times (Associated Press), August 2, 2009.
Williams, Chuck, "Colin Powell speaks at Infantry Museum grand opening", Columbus Ledger-Enquirer, June 20, 2009.
External links
National Infantry Museum historical marker
Military and war museums in Georgia (U.S. state)
Museums in Columbus, Georgia
United States Army museums
John Tolmie (August 30, 1845 – February 10, 1916) was a Canadian politician.
Born in Inverness-shire, Scotland, the son of Alexander Tolmie and Mary Fraser, they emigrated to Canada with their parents in 1868 and settled in Bruce Township, Ontario. A salt manufacturer in Kincardine, Ontario, they were Reeve of Bruce Township for four years, Deputy-Reeve of Kincardine for one year, and for two years Mayor of Kincardine. In 1883, Tolmie married Maggie H. Paterson. They were elected to the House of Commons of Canada for Bruce West in 1896. A Liberal, they were re-elected in 1900 but did not run in 1904. They were elected in a 1906 by-election for Bruce North after the death of the sitting MP and was re-elected in 1908. They were defeated in 1911. Tolmie died in Kincardine at the age of 70.
References
1845 births
1916 deaths
Liberal Party of Canada MPs
Mayors of places in Ontario
Members of the House of Commons of Canada from Ontario
Scottish emigrants to Canada
Zechariah 5 is the fifth of the total 14 chapters in the Book of Zechariah in the Hebrew Bible or the Old Testament of the Christian Bible. This book contains the prophecies attributed to the prophet Zechariah, and is a part of the Book of the Twelve Minor Prophets. This chapter records the sixth and seventh of the eight visions of Zechariah which are compiled in a section (so-called "First Zechariah") consisting of Zechariah 1–8.
Text
The original text was written in the Hebrew language. This chapter is divided into 11 verses.
Textual witnesses
Some early manuscripts containing the text of this chapter in Hebrew are of the Masoretic Text, which includes the Codex Cairensis (from year 895), the Petersburg Codex of the Prophets (916), and Codex Leningradensis (1008).
Fragments containing parts of this chapter were found among the Dead Sea Scrolls, that is, 4Q80 (4QXIIe; 75–50 BCE) with extant verses 8–11.
There is also a translation into Koine Greek known as the Septuagint, made in the last few centuries BCE. Extant ancient manuscripts of the Septuagint version include Codex Vaticanus (B; B; 4th century), Codex Sinaiticus (S; BHK: S; 4th century), Codex Alexandrinus (A; A; 5th century) and Codex Marchalianus (Q; Q; 6th century).
Vision of the flying scroll (5:1–4)
The sixth vision of the flying scroll indicates how the word of
the Lord will be materialized to be 'scripture', as a gold standard to assess and cleanse the community. The covenant curse shows that the covenant does remain in force despite having
once been broken.
Vision of a woman in the basket (5:5–11)
The seventh of the eight visions uncovers a woman in a basket (Hebrew: 'epa) symbolizing the iniquity of the people (Hebrew 'eye'). A feminine idol (to be stood 'on its base' in a 'house' or temple) is to be symbolically exiled to Babylon while Judaism becomes fully a YHWH-alone religion.
Verse 7
And, behold, there was lifted up a talent of lead:
and this is a woman that sitteth in the midst of the ephah.
"Talent" (Hebrew:kikkar): may denote a 'circle' as in for an area where the Jordan was the center, or in for 'a round loaf', but here it refers to a 'disc or circular plate' forming the cover of the round shaped ephah. In the next verse it is called, "the weight of lead."
"A talent of lead": A kikkar (or cicar), or "talent of silver" in the Jewish tradition was equal to 3,000 shekels ( and weighed between 120 to 125 pounds. Since the Hebrew word "cicar" signifies something 'plain', and 'extended like a cake', as Arias Montanus observes, it may here refer to a plate of lead, which was laid over the mouth of the "ephah", as a lid unto it; though indeed it is afterwards called, "a stone of lead", and so seems to design a weight.
"This is a woman" - Literally, "one woman," to personified 'all sins' or 'wickedness' (cf. Proverbs 2:16; 5:3, 4). The sitting may represent their abiding tranquil condition in their sins, according to the climax in Psalm 1:1-6, "and hath not sat in the seat of the scornful" (Psalm 1:1); and, "thou sittest and speakest against thy brother" (Psalm 50:20).
See also
Shinar
Related Bible parts: Zechariah 1, Zechariah 2, Zechariah 3, Zechariah 4, Zechariah 6
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Jewish
Zechariah 5 Hebrew with Parallel English
Zechariah 5 Hebrew with Rashi's Commentary
Christian
Zechariah 5 English Translation with Parallel Latin Vulgate
05
Indelicacy is a 2020 novel by American writer Amina Cain. The novel follows the life of its narrator, Vitória, from shortly before their marriage until shortly after its dissolution.
Writing, composition, and background
The novel took Cain four years to write. The novel is partially set in an unnamed museum and for inspiration, Cain visited the National Gallery in London and the Frick Collection in New York City. The city in which the novel takes place also never receives a name, and Cain has referred to it as "a combination of Chicago, London, and then some imagined place".
Cain had several drafts for the novel, and has referred to earlier versions of the book as "terrible".
Reception
Critical reception
Isabel Berwick, writing in a review for the Financial Times, referred to the novel as "[...] a strange, short, beguiling book." This sentiment was echoed in The New Yorker, which called the book "sparse" and "elliptical".
Berwick grouped Cain's work with that of Jenny Offill and Ottessa Moshfegh, calling their styles "modern flat".
According to literary review aggregator bookmarks, the novel received mostly "Rave" and "Positive" reviews.
Honors
The book was shortlisted for the 2020 Center for Fiction First Novel Prize.
References
2020 American novels
2020 debut novels
Farrar, Straus and Giroux books
First-person narrative novels
Fictional museums
Thomas Tallman (June 12, 1815 – October 9, 1872) was an American minister and politician.
Tallman, son of Eleazar and Susan Tallman, was born in the parish of Middle Haddam (in Chatham), Conn., June 12, 1815.
They graduated from Yale College in 1837. They studied theology in Yale Theological Seminary for three years after leaving college, and was ordained pastor of the Congregational Church in Scotland, Conn., March 20, 1844. From this charge they were dismissed, June 26, 1861. From July, 1861, to Nov., 1863, they supplied the pulpit of the Congregational Church in Groton, Conn. In 1864, they removed to Thompson, Conn., and there resided until their death, in the interval preaching in Westminster (in 1864-65), and in East Putnam (from April, 1868, to Nov., 1869), They were a member of the Connecticut State House of Representatives in the sessions of 1866 and 1867. They died, after great sufferings, Oct 9th, 1872, from the effects of a cartilaginous tumor, which had been forming in the abdomen for more than three years.
Tallman was married, May 17, 1842, to Frances M., daughter of Simon Hazleton, of Haddam. They died July 30, 1860. They were again married, April 27, 1864, to Hannah C. Graves, of Thompson, who survived him. Their children were a son and a daughter by their first, and a son and a daughter by their second marriage. The elder son graduated from Yale in 1867.
External links
1815 births
1872 deaths
Yale Divinity School alumni
People from East Hampton, Connecticut
Members of the Connecticut House of Representatives
American Congregationalist ministers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American clergy
Darlington, also known as Pipkins Mills, is an unincorporated community in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States. The community is located east of Coleman Town and northwest of Greensburg.
Historic log structures
In 1981 the National Register of Historic Places completed a survey of St. Helena Parish and discovered seven log cabins and nineteen barns. After inspecting those sites it was determined that the local William Lee and Eudora Courtney Bazoon Farmstead log structures should be preserved for their historical significance.
References
Unincorporated communities in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana
Unincorporated communities in Louisiana
Bezek-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedliszcze, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
The 2012–13 Karlsruher SC season is the 61st season in the club's football history. In 2012–13 the club plays in the 3. Liga, the third tier of German football. It is the club's first-ever season in this league, having been relegated from the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga in 2012.
The club also took part in the 2012–13 edition of the DFB-Pokal, the German Cup, where it reached the second round and will face 2. Bundesliga side MSV Duisburg next. The club had knocked out Bundesliga club Hamburger SV in the first round with a 4–2 victory.
Karlsruher SC also takes part in the 2012–13 edition of the North Baden Cup, having reached the second round against 1. FC Bruchsal after a 2–0 win over SpVgg Neckarelz in the first round.
Matches
Legend
3. Liga
DFB-Pokal
Squad
|}
References
External links
2012–13 Karlsruher SC season at Weltfussball.de
2012–13 Karlsruher SC season at kicker.de
2012–13 Karlsruher SC season at Fussballdaten.de
Karlsruher SC
Karlsruher SC seasons
Adrian Mihai Ioniță (born 11 March 2000) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Liga I side Chindia Târgoviște.
Honours
Chindia Târgoviște
Liga II: 2018–19
References
External links
Adrian Ioniță at lpf.ro
2000 births
Living people
People from Buzău
Romanian footballers
Association football defenders
Liga I players
Liga II players
AFC Chindia Târgoviște players
Edwin Harris Ragsdale (December 18, 1929 – September 13, 2017) was an American real estate developer and Republican politician from Virginia. After serving as Chairman of the Henrico County Board of Supervisors, they were elected to two terms in the Virginia House of Delegates, serving from 1972 to 1976. They ran again in 1982, defeating Delegate George W. Grayson but was bested in a rematch the next year.
References
External links
1929 births
2017 deaths
Virginia Republicans
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
20th-century American politicians
Naughty Dog is an American video game developer that was founded in 1984 by Andy Gavin and Jason Rubin. Based in Santa Monica, California, Naughty Dog was originally known as JAM Software until 1989, and began producing games for the Apple II system. Their first release, Math Jam, was an educational game for the system which Gavin and Rubin self-published in 1985. The following year, Jam developed the skiing game Ski Crazed, which was published by Michigan-based company Baudville for the Apple II. The partnership with Baudville continued for Dream Zone, an adventure game released for the Apple IIGS as well as the Amiga, Atari ST and DOS in 1987, before they left to work with Electronic Arts on Keef the Thief and Rings of Power. After a brief hiatus, Way of the Warrior was released for the 3DO in 1994, before Naughty Dog partnered with Sony Computer Entertainment, by whom they were later acquired in 2001.
Naughty Dog is known for developing the Crash Bandicoot series for Sony's PlayStation console. After launching the series with the first title in 1996, Naughty Dog developed sequels Crash Bandicoot 2: Cortex Strikes Back and Crash Bandicoot: Warped, as well as spin-off Crash Team Racing, before their partnership with distributor Universal Interactive Studios ended. Two years after the release of Crash Team Racing, Naughty Dog returned in 2001 with a title for the PlayStation 2, Jak and Daxter: The Precursor Legacy, which spawned the Jak and Daxter series, it includes the sequels Jak II and Jak 3 and the spin-off Jak X: Combat Racing. The developer's next series was Uncharted, which consists of four main titles—Drake's Fortune (2007), Among Thieves (2009), Drake's Deception (2011), and A Thief's End (2016), and a standalone expansion, The Lost Legacy, (2017). Naughty Dog's most recent new intellectual property is The Last of Us, released for the PlayStation 3 in 2013 and for the PlayStation 4 as The Last of Us Remastered in 2014: a downloadable expansion, Left Behind, was released for the PlayStation 3 in 2014; a sequel, The Last of Us Part II, was released in 2020; a remake, The Last of Us Part I, was released for PlayStation 5 in 2022, with a Windows version in development; and a multiplayer spinoff of the series is also in development.
Video games
References
External links
Naughty Dog video games
The following is a list of notable people who were either born in, are current residents of, or are otherwise closely associated with or from the city of Coimbatore, India.
A
K. V. Subrahmanya Aiyar - historian
B
balasubramaniam - tennis player
C
T. S. Avinashilingam Chettiar - educationist and politician
R. K. Shanmukham Chetty - industrialist and politician
D
G R Damodaran - educationist
F
Ankit Fadia - author and public speaker
G
Goundamani - film actor
V. C. Palanisami Gounder - politician
H
H. V. Hande - politician
Hiphop Tamizha - music director, actor , motivational speaker, social activist.
Githa Hariharan - author
Andrew Harvey - author, religious speaker
K
Karthick Naren- tamil filmmaker, writer, producer & actor
K. V. Kandaswamy - politician
Sundaram Karivardhan - motor racing pioneer and entrepreneur
Karthi - actor
Narain Karthikeyan - motor racing driver
D. Sreeram Kumar - Indian Army major
V. R. Naren Kumar - motorsport driver
L
C. S. Lakshmi - writer
K. G. Lakshminarayan - cricket umpire
M
Manivannan - actor and director
Charles McCarthy - cricketer
C. S. Ratnasabhapathy Mudaliar - industrialist
Pithukuli Murugadas - singer
Arunachalam Muruganantham - entrepreneur
N
Gopalswamy Doraiswamy Naidu - inventor and engineer
P. Nagarajan - politician
S. M. Sriramulu Naidu - film producer
V. Nanammal - fitness evangelist and yoga teacher
Jagadeesan Narayan - cricketer
Karthick Naren - film director
P.R. Natarajan - politician
O
Om Prakash - cinematographer
P
Sai Pallavi - actor
K. C. S. Paniker - painter
Rajshree Pathy - business person
Arogyaswami Paulraj - scientist
C. K. Prahalad - economist
R
P. L. Raj - choreographer
C. T. Rajakantham - actor
K V Ramachandran - music critic
G. Ramaswamy - chartered accountant
C. P. Radhakrishnan - politician
S
S. V. Sahasranamam - actor
Amit Sareen - author
Sathyaraj - actor and comedian
Adam Sinclair - hockey player
Sivakumar - actor and public speaker
Aushik Srinivas - cricketer
T. R. Sundaram - actor
V. A. Sundaram - independence activist
Suriya - actor and film producer
R.V. Swamy - author
V
Nirupama Vaidyanathan - tennis player
G. R. Vaishnav - volleyball player
S. M. Velusamy - politician
Adhithya Venkatapathy - rapper who forms a part of the Tamil hip-hop group Hiphop Tamizha
Siddharth Venugopal - actor
Swamikannu Vincent - cinema producer and pioneer
References
People from Coimbatore
P01
Lists of people by city in India
Lists of people from Tamil Nadu
Coimbatore
Okerlund is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gene Okerlund (1942–2019), American wrestling announcer and former wrestler
Ralph Okerlund, American politician
Todd Okerlund (born 1964), American ice hockey player
Ravaged is a multiplayer first-person shooter video game featuring vehicular combat. Developed by American studio 2 Dawn Games, the game was partly funded through Kickstarter, raising $38,767 on the platform in May 2012.
Downloadable content
In August 2013, the game received the free Zombie Apocalypse DLC, introducing a co-operative multiplayer mode where players must escape zombie hordes.
Reception
The game received mixed reviews upon release, garnering a score of 64 out of 100 on the review aggregation website Metacritic.
References
2012 video games
First-person shooter multiplayer online games
Kickstarter-funded video games
Crowdfunded video games
Post-apocalyptic video games
Unreal Engine games
Vehicular combat games
Video games developed in the United States
Windows games
Windows-only games
Video games about zombies
Xie Xide (; 19 March 1921 – 4 March 2000), also known as Hsi-teh Hsieh and as Hilda Hsieh, was a Chinese physicist. They were president of Fudan University from 1983 to 1989, and remained as advisor to the university from 1989 until their death. They helped to set up the university's Centre for American Studies and founded its Modern Physics Institute in 1977.
Xie also served as a member in the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party from 1982 to 1992.
Biography
Xie Xide was born March 19, 1921 in the port city of Quanzhou in Fujian, southeastern China. They were born into a family that valued education. Them father Xie Yuming had a Ph.D. from University of Chicago and taught at Yenching University in Beijing. Xie Yuming precisely measured the spectrum of hydrogen atom during their study in the US. The famous theoretical physicist, Yang Chen-Ning referred to Xie Yuming as the person that the Nobel Prize missed.
Xide spent part of their childhood in Beijing. They attended Yenching Elementary School and was a top student in school. They met Cao Tianqin when Cao transferred to Yenching. Cao constantly beat Xie in school performance and the two became good friends. When the Second Sino-Japanese War broke out, Xie when to Hunan University to study physics; but they had to withdraw from school due to illness of bone tuberculosis. Different hospitals diagnosed that their illness is not treatable so they returned home to fight the illness with their family's help. Cao started sending their numerous letters in the name of academic discussions, which helped Xie cheer up and continue their studies. In 1942, not only did Xie survive, through their self-study at home, they were also admitted to Xiamen University to study physics and mathematics. Xie graduated in 1946. They taught at University of Shanghai for a year, and then was able to get a scholarship to study for a master's degree in physics at Smith College in the United States, graduating in 1949.
They continued their studies at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, earning a Ph.D. in theoretical physics in 1951.
In 1950, many Chinese science scholars were detained in the United States as political hostage against China arising from the Korean War, including the famous Chinese aerodynamicist, cyberneticist and politician Qian Xuesen. Xie was detained in the US despite their strong willingness to return to their motherland. From 1951 to 1952 they worked on the research staff at MIT. In 1952, Cao Tianqin, who was studying in the United Kingdom at that time, obtained a "special certificate" to pledge for their release in order to have their wedding in UK. Xide was released. Cao Tianqin (Tien-chin Tsao) and Xie Xide were married in UK; their son was born in 1956.
After marriage, Xie returned to China and became a lecturer in the Department of Physics at Fudan University in Shanghai, one of China's top universities. They served in this position from 1952 to 1956. They became an associate professor at Fudan and served in that capacity from 1956 to 1962. From 1958 to 1966 they served as adjunct director, Shanghai Institute of Technical Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences. In 1962 they were appointed Professor of Physics, Fudan University and continued in that capacity.
Xie Xide was an outstanding educational leader, and also a key figure in the development of China's educational relations with the international community. They were a joint-author of one of the most widely used physics textbooks in China, "Semiconductor Physics". In 1958, they passed out in their lab due to overworking and was diagnosed with late-stage kidney stone and heart disease when they were sent to hospital. They resumed teaching after several big surgeries. In 1966, as numerous Cultural Revolution victims among China's educated scholars, Xide was sent to do hard labor choirs despite their illness; they were later diagnosed with breast cancer. They did not give up and still dedicated themselves fully to education. In 1978, National Science Conference in Beijing was held and Xide resumed their occupation. From 1978 to 1983 they served as Director of the Institute of Modern Physics of Fudan University. They were appointed vice president of Fudan in 1978, and President in 1983, serving in that capacity until 1988. During their tenure, they founded Center for American Studies in Fudan to encourage students to learn about world leading research and international relations. They were the first woman president of a major comprehensive university in the PRC. From 1985 they also served as Director of the Center for American Studies of Fudan University, and in 1988 they were appointed Advisor to Fudan University.
Despite their health, they actively encouraged and recommended their students to study abroad.
Xie Xide pursued a distinguished career as a scientist, making important contributions in the field of solid-state physics. Them research work was concentrated in solid state physics, semiconductor physics, and surface physics.
Xie Xide was appointed to the Communist Party's Central Committee in 1982 and served as one of 210 full members.
Xie Xide's husband, Cao Tianqin suffered a coma in 1987 when they were attending a global biology and ecology conference in Israel. They were since paralyzed in bed and suffered memory loss. Despite their own illness, Xide took care of Cao by planning their meal and helping them on physical therapy. They continued doing so for 8 years until Cao died in 1995. Xie continued their work in hospital as they fought with cancer. They died on March 4, 2000 and donated their whole body to China's medical research.
Published works
Xie Xide published more than eighty papers and several books and monographs.
Some of Xie's published work include:
"Overview of Metal/Semiconductor Interfaces," The Structure of Surfaces. Springer Series in Surface Sciences 24. Berlin: Springer, 1991, p. 576.
Xie also published the following books:
Semiconductor Physics. Science Press, 1958, with K. Huang.
Group Theory and Its Applications. China: Science Publisher, 1986.
Honors
Xie Xide had received honorary doctorates from twelve universities worldwide, including the United States, United Kingdom, Japan, Canada, Hong Kong and China. Xie Xide was a Fellow of the American Physical Society, an Academician of The World Academy of Sciences (TWAS), and a Distinguished Scholar of the Committee on Scholarly Communication with The People's Republic of China.
References
Further reading
1921 births
2000 deaths
20th-century Chinese physicists
20th-century Chinese women scientists
20th-century Chinese scientists
Chinese expatriates in the United States
Chinese women physicists
Chinese Communist Party politicians from Fujian
Educators from Fujian
Woman heads of universities and colleges
Members of the Chinese Academy of Sciences
Hokkien scientists
Kansai University alumni
MIT Department of Physics alumni
People's Republic of China politicians from Fujian
Physicists from Fujian
Political office-holders in Shanghai
Politicians from Quanzhou
Presidents of Fudan University
Smith College alumni
TWAS fellows
Xiamen University alumni
Magoffin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 13,333. Its county seat is Salyersville. The county was formed in 1860 from adjacent portions of Floyd, Johnson, and Morgan Counties. It was named for Beriah Magoffin who was Governor of Kentucky (1859–62).
History
The area now encompassed by Kentucky's Magoffin County was first bounded in 1772, when all of what is now the state of Kentucky was in the frontier county of Fincastle County, Virginia. Fincastle was divided in 1776, with the western portion named Kentucky County, Virginia. In 1780, the Virginia legislature set aside all land in Kentucky County for soldiers who had served in the Revolutionary War. In 1780, Kentucky County was divided into 3 counties, Jefferson, Fayette, and Lincoln. Fayette County was divided in 1785, with part becoming Bourbon County. In 1792, the lower part of Bourbon County was partitioned off to form Clark County. The area was further divided in 1796 to form Montgomery County, with Fleming County being partitioned from the area in 1798. In 1800, Floyd County was created from portions of Fleming, Mason, and Montgomery Counties. In 1843, Johnson County was carved out of the previous Bath County area, which was created in 1811 from Montgomery County, and which lost a portion of its territory in 1843 for the creation of Johnson County.
In 1860, the Kentucky Legislature partitioned parts of Johnson, Floyd, and Morgan Counties, to create Magoffin County. Its boundaries have remained unchanged since that time.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is watered by Licking River.
Adjacent counties
Morgan County (northwest)
Johnson County (northeast)
Floyd County (southeast)
Knott County (south)
Breathitt County (southwest)
Wolfe County (west)
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 13,333 people living in the county. 98.6% were White, 0.3% Native American, 0.1% Black or African American, 0.1% Asian, 0.2% of some other race and 0.7% of two or more races. 0.7% were Hispanic or Latino (of any race).
As of the census of 2000, there were 13,332 people, 5,024 households, and 3,858 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 5,447 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 99.29% White, 0.15% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.08% Asian, 0.02% from other races, and 0.27% from two or more races. 0.42% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. There is a significant Melungeon or mixed race group of Carmel Indians in Magoffin County. In a 2007 study by the U.S. Census Bureau, Magoffin County, along with Mitchell County in Iowa, was cited as the U.S. county having the largest percentage of individuals in the demographic category of "Non-Hispanic white alone."
There were 5,024 households, out of which 37.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 61.90% were married couples living together, 11.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.20% were non-families. 21.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.04.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 26.80% under the age of 18, 10.10% from 18 to 24, 30.20% from 25 to 44, 22.40% from 45 to 64, and 10.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 97.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 94.40 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $19,421, and the median income for a family was $24,031. Males had a median income of $27,745 versus $18,354 for females. The per capita income for the county was $10,685. About 31.20% of families and 36.60% of the population were below the poverty line, including 45.90% of those under age 18 and 29.10% of those age 65 or over.
Politics
Between 1932 and 2004, Magoffin County generally voted Democratic in presidential elections, however it has voted Republican since then. It voted for Democrat Andy Beshear for Governor in the 2019 election, but Republican for all other statewide offices.
Economy
The last active coal mine in Magoffin County closed in 2015. In 2022, the TipTop Coal Mine in Magoffin County reopened, making the total of coal mines in the county to 1. Major employers now include some coal truck businesses.
Communities
Elsie
Falcon
Foraker
Fredville
Gunlock
Hendricks
Ivyton
Logville
Royalton
Salyersville (county seat)
Sublett
Swampton
Wheelersburg
Wonnie
Notable people
Jimmy Flynt, co-founder of Hustler magazine
Larry Flynt, publisher of Hustler magazine
See also
Big Sandy Area Development District
National Register of Historic Places listings in Magoffin County, Kentucky
References
External links
Magoffin County Schools
The Magoffin County Historical Society
Sandy Valley Transportation Services, Inc.
Magoffin History & Ancestry
Kentucky counties
Counties of Appalachia
1860 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1860
Schmiedefeld is the name of the following populated places:
Schmiedefeld (Lichtetal), a municipality in Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district, Thuringia
Schmiedefeld am Rennsteig, a municipality in Ilm-Kreis district, Thuringia
This is a list of electoral division results for the Australian 1998 federal election in the state of New South Wales.
Overall results
Results by division
Banks
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Banks § 1998
Barton
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Barton § 1998
Bennelong
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Bennelong § 1998
Berowra
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Berowra § 1998
Blaxland
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Blaxland § 1998
Bradfield
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Bradfield § 1998
Calare
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Calare § 1998
Charlton
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Charlton § 1998
Chifley
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Chifley § 1998
Cook
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cook § 1998
Cowper
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cowper § 1998
Cunningham
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Cunningham § 1998
Dobell
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Dobell § 1998
Eden-Monaro
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Eden-Monaro § 1998
Farrer
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Farrer § 1998
Fowler
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Fowler § 1998
Gilmore
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Gilmore § 1998
Grayndler
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Grayndler § 1998
Greenway
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Greenway § 1998
Gwydir
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Gwydir § 1998
Hughes
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hughes § 1998
Hume
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hume § 1998
Hunter
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Hunter § 1998
Kingsford Smith
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Kingsford Smith § 1998
Lindsay
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lindsay § 1998
Lowe
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lowe § 1998
Lyne
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Lyne § 1998
Macarthur
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Macarthur § 1998
Mackellar
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Mackellar § 1998
Macquarie
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Macquarie § 1998
Mitchell
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Mitchell § 1998
New England
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of New England § 1998
Newcastle
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Newcastle § 1998
North Sydney
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of North Sydney § 1998
Page
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Page § 1998
Parkes
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Parkes § 1998
Parramatta
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Parramatta § 1998
Paterson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Paterson § 1998
Prospect
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Prospect § 1998
Reid
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Reid § 1998
Richmond
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Richmond § 1998
Riverina
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Riverina § 1998
Robertson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Robertson § 1998
Shortland
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Shortland § 1998
Sydney
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Sydney § 1998
Throsby
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Throwsby § 1998
Warringah
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Warringah § 1998
Watson
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Watson § 1998
Wentworth
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Wentworth § 1998
Werriwa
This section is an excerpt from Electoral results for the Division of Werriwa § 1998
See also
Members of the Australian House of Representatives, 1998–2001
References
New South Wales 1998
Dacula High School is a high school in Dacula, Georgia, United States, serving students in grades 9–12. It is operated by Gwinnett County Public Schools. It is a part of the Dacula cluster and is fed from Dacula Middle School.
The school's colors are old gold, white, and navy blue, and its mascot is the Falcon.
Athletics
Dacula High School has produced many athletes. The school has had major success in nearly all the athletics it offers.
Dacula's 2014-2015 football team was the first to become Region Champions in Class 6A Region-8 since 2005. After going 1–4 in non-region play, the Falcons of Dacula were determined to turn their season around, thus leading to their eventual claim of being the GHSA Region 8-AAAAAA champions, in 2016. The Dacula Falcons would go on to finishing their 2017 regular season with a dominating win against Region 8-AAAAAA foe, Winder-Barrow, by a score of 47–14. After starting the season 1–4, the Falcons would go on to win another region championship, and will prepare for the state playoffs, for the second consecutive year.
The Dacula Falcons baseball program made the GHSA State Playoff appearances in 1981, 1982, 1983, 1984, 1989, 1991, 1992, 2004, 2007, 2011, and 2014.
The Dacula basketball program won the 1938, 1945, 1954, and 1979 GHSA State Championships.
In 1993 the Dacula wrestling program took home its first State Championship.
In 2014 the school added lacrosse as part of the athletic program.
In 2016 Dacula launched its stadium renovation project. Parent volunteers and Boyce Design and Contracting pitched in on the work and supplies, saving the school thousands of dollars and giving the stadium an impressive reconstruction.
Band
The Dacula Falcons Marching Band wears navy blue and white uniforms with matching gauntlets and gloves. The Marching Band is composed of Concert Band members, Symphonic Band members, and Percussionists, but members of these bands are not required to join Marching Band. The marching band is also composed of the color guard, the visual for the band. Together, the band and color guard performs performances during half time at football games and compete for competitions, the performance lasting about 10 minutes.
Notable alumni
Alex Armah, NFL player
David Irons, former NFL player
Kenny Irons, former NFL player
Corey Levin, NFL player
Terry Harvey, NC State Wolfpack football and NC State Wolfpack baseball standout. Dacula Class of 1992
Brittany Rogers-Mayweather, Alabama Crimson Tide softball standout. Dacula Class of 2004
References
External links
Dacula High School
About the Dacula Band Staff
Public high schools in Georgia (U.S. state)
Educational institutions established in 1905
Schools in Gwinnett County, Georgia
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
To be distinguished from Joseph Askhenazi (1928-1974)
Rabbi Joseph Ashkenazi (1525–1572) the Tanna of Safed was a critical commentator on the Mishnah, whose glosses are noted in Solomon Adeni's Mele'khet Shelomo.
References
External links
Joseph Ashkenazi Jewish Encyclopedia
Rabbis in Safed
1525 births
1572 deaths
Donghui () is a town in Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, Yunnan, China. As of the 2018 census it had a population of 13,487 and an area of .
Administrative division
As of 2016, the town is divided into six villages:
Donggang ()
Ayong ()
Banli ()
Huinong ()
Nanweng ()
Gaixin ()
History
In the Qing dynasty (1644–1911), it came under the jurisdiction of Mengbin Tusi ().
During the Republic of China (1912-1949), it belonged to Donglang Township ().
In 1949, the Donghui District () was set up. It was renamed Hongwei Commune () in 1969 and was changed to Donghui Commune () in 1972. It was incorporated as a township in 1988. On December 28, 2012, it was upgraded to a town.
Geography
It lies at the southwestern of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County, bordering Menglian Dai, Lahu and Va Autonomous County to the west, Nuofu Township to the south, Laba Township to the north, and Menglang Town to the east.
The Dongjiao River (), Nanhong River () and Nange River () flow through the town.
Economy
The region's economy is based on agriculture and pig-breeding. Significant crops include grains, corns, and buckwheats.
Demographics
As of 2018, the National Bureau of Statistics of China estimates the town's population now to be 13,487.
Transportation
The Provincial Highway S309 passes across the town northeast to southwest.
References
Bibliography
Towns of Pu'er City
Divisions of Lancang Lahu Autonomous County
Team 5P () is the animation production team, which established in 2002. The first members were composed of Hongsuk Kim (Kee-mong), Sangsik Min (Sickman), Donghyuk Jang (Seedrock), Sukjo Jang (Devil), Jihyuk Jung (Guy Hyuk), and Junghoon Ji (Back-gun).
They used to draw many kinds of Animations; especially the series of "The Hell of Selfish and Immoral Entertainers ()", "The Middle-aged Detective Kim Jung Il", "The Banana Girl (unsuitable for under 19-years-old)" are very famous masterpieces.
==Private Kim Chang-who'''s Desertion==
The Story is separated of two stories. One is the story which describes the time Kim Chang-who joined a party; They couldn't stand on many reproaches from their superiors - They deserted remaining their diary and ran away stealing a duck from a farm, the other is the story which describes the time after Kim deserted their party; but they were captured by their captain Kim Hong-suk just before they take traffic to their home, they were imprisoned with their superiors into the guardhouse.
The Hell of Entertainers
The flash animation series is the most popular animation of the team. Many kinds of military service problems were dealt in this animation.
Series of Moonoejoong
In 2002, Team 5P made the first series of "The Hell of Entertainers" which Heejun Moon (in this series, they are featured as "Moonoejoong; literally, A No-brained Bug") who is due to join the 666 party is featuring. In this first series, Moonoejoong is scolded by many superiors, including a foolish and fault maker, Kim Chang-who. One day night, They dreamt of what they sing rock'n roll, when they sing shouting, making most of their fans wild with enthusiasm. At that time, their superior, Jung Ji-hyuk wakes them up, and scolded while they were still sleeping. This day, Moonoejoong couldn't have any supper because they waste their breakfast into the trash box after Kim Chang-who told them about a patty on a Military Hamburger, while they miss twice in a football game; one is their own goal, the other is speaking what Jung Ji-hyuk missed a penalty kick. They couldn't have any supper until their sleeping time.
Series of Stivoong Yoo
Another entertainer, Steve Yoo (Korean name; Seungjun YOO) featured as "Stivoong YOO(No literal meaning but similar to their name)." Steve is a naturalized American to avoid the military duty in South Korea on February, 2002. At first of the series, they told their party supervisor that they were due to join the American Army. However, the supervisor scold and strike them even Stivoong cried that they are about to join the American Army. Likewise Moonoejoong, they are scolded by their superiors. From joined day on, they are defeated seriously. After a while, Jung Ji-hyuk told Kim Chang-who, "boil my noodle pack." Kim Chang-who spit into the pack boiling noodle, Moonoejoong found their situation and reported to Jung Ji-hyuk. Thus, in the evening, Kim was beat seriously by Jung for the reason.
The next day, in the morning roll call, everybody sings the South Korean national anthem Aegukga, Stivoong murmured without any sound. The supervisor found their state and called him. The supervisor let them sing the anthem, but they couldn't sing. Then everybody kicked him. When everybody prepared a run, but Stivoong reports their waist-ache. So everybody punched and kicked him.
Some days later, imprisoned superior Choi Hyun-il returns this party, but Stivoong misunderstood them as a new joined private. But Kim Chang-who shouted Choi is their superior, then Choi beats Stivoong. In fact, by reason of what Steve is a Christian, virtual character Stivoong wanted to go to church, but refused by their superior. Instead, they went to military temple. They were scolded for praying during the Buddhist ceremony. Moreover, they were kicked by Choi Hyun-il because they didn't receive but catch a ball in the kick-ball game while Moonoejoong was punched by two superiors because of ball double-touch. Stivoong is beat again by Jung Ji-hyuk because of entering into the bathtub ignoring the priority. In the evening roll call, Stivoong was punished again by the captain of their party because they didn't pick up a disassembled segment sweeping inside of their K-2 rifle. The next day, they punished seriously because they fired by accident during post-safety checking.
At that time, the party lost an empty cartridge. but it was occurred to obtain as an accessory by Moonoejoong. Moonoejoong hid this cartridge onto the book. They opened a book and pick up a cartridge. However they dropped a cartridge while Jung Ji-hyuk was coming in and pick up. Despite Moonoejoong shouted that they had found the lost cartridge and they would return, they were punched and kicked by Jung Ji-hyuk and Choi Hyun-il. Some days later, Kim Chang-who'' failed to promote for failure of shooting test.
References
External links
Team 5P
South Korean animation studios
Mass media companies established in 2002
Reinhard Kekulé von Stradonitz (name at birth Kekulé, called Kekulé von Stradonitz only after 1889; 6 March 1839 – 23 March 1911) was a German archeologist. They have been called the founder of modern iconology (Langlotz). They served as director of the collection of antique sculpture and vases at the Berlin Museum (from 1889) and also as the director of the antiquarium of the Berlin Museum (from 1896). Kekulé was the nephew of the organic chemist August Kekulé.
Biography
Born at Darmstadt, Kekulé studied at the universities of Erlangen under Karl Friederichs, and at Berlin under Eduard Gerhard, Johann Gustav Droysen, and August Böckh. Their time in Rome with Enrico Brunn was quite influential for their later writing. In 1870 they succeeded Otto Jahn, who had died prematurely, at the University of Bonn.
In 1889 Kaiser Wilhelm II of Germany personally requested Kekulé to be the antiquities director of the collections in Berlin. In the following year, they succeeded Carl Robert at the university in Berlin which they held jointly with the directorship. It was then that the emperor allowed the "von Stradonitz" designation. Kekulé greatly increased the size of the imperial collections through a combination of astute buying and commissioning excavations, assisted in the latter by Theodor Wiegand. Kekulé was a prominent lecturer, though their writings are tinged with what today appear as superficial comments. Their students included Hermann Ulmann and Ulrich von Wilamowitz-Moellendorff.
They eschewed Jahn's "monumental philology" and classification for a methodology closer to Brunn, mixed with an esthetic sensitivity akin to J. J. Winckelmann. Their connoisseurship, more than Winckelmann's, was rooted in scholarship.
Bibliography
Über die Entstehung der Götterideale der grieschischen Kunst. Stuttgart: Verlag von W. Spemann,1877.
Die Gruppe des Künstlers Menelaos in Villa Ludovisi: Ein Beitrag zur Geschichte der griechischen Kunst. Leipzig: W. Engelmann, 1870.
Bronzestatuette eines kämpfenden Galliers in den Königlichen Museen. Berlin: G. Reimer, 1909.
Echelos und Basile, attisches Relief aus Rhodos in den Königlichen Museen. Berlin, G. Reimer, 1905.
Die griechische Skulptur. Berlin: G. Reimer, 1906.
Über copien einer frauenstatue aus der zeit des Phidias. Berlin: G. Reimer, 1897.
Über ein Bildnis der Perikles in den königlichen Museen. Berlin: G. Reimer, 1901.
Further reading
Schiering, W. "Kekulé von Stradonitz, Reinhard." Archäologenbildnisse: Porträts und Kurzbiographien von Klassichen Archäologen deutscher Sprache. Reinhard Lullies, ed. Mainz am Rhein: Verlag Philipp von Zabern, 1988, pp. 73–74.
Calder, William, III. "Kekulé von Stradonitz, Reinhard (1839–1911)." Encyclopedia of the History of Classical Archaeology. Nancy Thomson de Grummond, ed. Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press, 1996, vol. 1, pp. 632–33.
Langlotz, E. 150 Jahre Reinische Friedrich-Wilhelms-Universität zu Bonn 1818–1968. Bonn: Friedich-Wilhelms-Universität, 1968, pp. 227–32.
1839 births
1911 deaths
Scientists from Darmstadt
People from the Grand Duchy of Hesse
German antiquarians
Archaeologists from Hesse
German male non-fiction writers
University of Bonn faculty
Humboldt University of Berlin faculty
People of the Antikensammlung Berlin
Directors of museums in Germany
The 1985 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships refer to one of two NCAA-sponsored events held during May 1985 to determine the national champions of men's and women's collegiate tennis in the United States:
1985 NCAA Division I Men's Tennis Championships – the 39th annual men's national championships held at the Dan Magill Tennis Complex at the University of Georgia in Athens, Georgia
1985 NCAA Division I Women's Tennis Championships– the 4th annual women's national championships held at the Oklahoma City Tennis Center in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
The men's and women's tournaments would not be held at the same site until 2006.
See also
NCAA Division II Tennis Championships (Men, Women)
NCAA Division III Tennis Championships (Men, Women)
References
External links
List of NCAA Men's Tennis Champions
List of NCAA Women's Tennis Champions
NCAA Division I tennis championships
NCAA Division I Tennis Championships
Svi za mnom! (Everybody, follow me!) is the second album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, released by the Slovenian record label Helidon in 1986, and reissued on CD by the record label in 1997. A remastered version of the album was rereleased on CD on the compilation album Ove ruke nisu male... 2 in 2005.
Track listing
All music and lyrics by Zeleni Zub, except track 1, written by YU grupa.
Personnel
The band
Koja (Dušan Kojić) — bass, vocals
Žika (Srđan Todorović) — drums
Kele (Nenad Krasavac) — drums
Dedža — trumpet, vocals
Zerkman (Zoran Erkman) — trumpet, vocals
Additional personnel
Duca — photography
S. Milojković — photography
Zeleni Zub (Dušan Kojić) — producer, written by
Vlada Negovanović — recorded by
Darko M. (Darko Milojković) — vocals on track 1
Banana (Branislav Petrović) — vocals on track 1
Legacy
In 2015, the Svi za mnom! album cover was ranked 95th on the list of 100 Greatest Album Covers of Yugoslav Rock published by web magazine Balkanrock.
Boye — vocals on track 8
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
Svi za mnom at Discogs
1983 albums
Serbian-language albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
Twins of Evil: The Second Coming Tour was the second double bill concert tour co-headlined by American rock bands Rob Zombie and Marilyn Manson with special guest Deadly Apples, launched in support of Manson's tenth studio album Heaven Upside Down (2017) and Zombie's sixth solo album The Electric Warlock Acid Witch Satanic Orgy Celebration Dispenser (2016), as well as a vinyl box set released by Zombie on March 30, 2018. The tour was a sequel to the 2012 "Twins of Evil Tour", and visited arena-sized venues from July 11 to August 29 and December 29.
In 2019, the tour was succeeded by the Twins of Evil: Hell Never Dies Tour in the critically acclaimed and commercially successful Twins of Evil franchise.
Background
Following the altercation between the bands' respective lead vocalists during the "Twins of Evil Tour" in 2012 that "almost came to blows," Zombie appeared on Howard Stern's show in 2014 and suggested they were "probably" willing to co-headline a tour with them again; finding the conflict petty. In the six years since the tour ended, the two frontmen privately made amends and decided to embark on another joint tour. Titled Twins of Evil: The Second Coming Tour, ticket presale began on March 19, 2018, followed by general sales on the 24th of the same month. Canadian band Deadly Apples was announced as the opening act in May.
Initially, only 27 dates were announced. However, this eventually grew to 35. The tour's maiden show was on July 11, 2018, at the DTE Energy Music Center in Detroit. Zombie took a week-long break in early August to complete production on 3 From Hell while Manson headlined clubs with support from Deadly Apples.
The show on August 8 at Jones Beach Amphitheater in Wantagh was canceled after Deadly Apples' set due to severe weather.
"Helter Skelter"
In advance of the tour, Rob Zombie and Marilyn Manson met in Los Angeles and discussed the possibility of collaborating on a newly recorded song. The pair eventually decided to cover The Beatles' "Helter Skelter", which was released as a one-track digital single on the day the tour commenced—July 11. The recording features instrumental contributions from two former members of Marilyn Manson: guitarist John 5 and drummer Ginger Fish, who both joined Zombie's band soon after departing Manson's. This is Manson's first collaboration with either of these former members since The Golden Age of Grotesque (2003) and The High End of Low (2009), respectively. Zombie said of the cover: "I think it's cool because we dirtied it up, slowed it down and made it even heavier and groovier, but still true to the song". The track peaked at number nine on Billboard Hard Rock Digital Songs, and was performed by both artists together on the first night of the tour.
Critical reception
Billboard praised the tour saying that it made "a big rock show feel like not only the right place to be, but also the best."
Set lists
These set lists are representative of the tour's opening performance on July 11 at the DTE Energy Music Center in Detroit. They are not representative of the set list of all concerts throughout the tour.
Marilyn Manson:
"Irresponsible Hate Anthem"
"Angel with the Scabbed Wings"
"Deep Six"
"This Is the New Shit"
"Disposable Teens"
"mOBSCENE"
"Kill4Me"
"I Don't Like the Drugs (But the Drugs Like Me)" / "The Dope Show"
"Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)"
"Say10"
"Antichrist Superstar"
"The Beautiful People"
"Cry Little Sister"
Rob Zombie:
"Meet the Creeper"
"Superbeast"
"Well, Everybody's Fucking in a U.F.O."
"Living Dead Girl"
"In the Age of the Consecrated Vampire We All Get High"
"Dead City Radio and the New Gods of Supertown"
"More Human than Human"
"The Hideous Exhibitions of a Dedicated Gore Whore"
"Pussy Liquor"
"Thunder Kiss '65"
"Helter Skelter"
"Dragula"
Tour dates
Notes
Cancelled or rescheduled shows
Line-up
References
Marilyn Manson (band) concert tours
2018 concert tours
Co-headlining concert tours
Rob Zombie concert tours
The Angola Women's Handball League is the top tier handball competition in Angola for women.
Summary
The winners are:
Round robin tournament.
Participation details
National Champions
See also
Federação Angolana de Andebol
Angola women's national handball team
References
Handball competitions in Angola
Angola
Lisa Rinzler is an American cinematographer who works on both feature films and documentaries. They have worked with Wim Wenders, Martin Scorsese, the Hughes Brothers and Tamra Davis.
Early life and education
Lisa Rinzler was born on 30 November 1955 in New Jersey, USA.
Rinzler dropped out of high school to attend the Pratt Institute in New York. Initially studying painting, they then switched to film-making and moved to New York University's bigger film department.
Career
As a graduate, Rinzler shot two short films with Robert Mapplethorpe and one short film with Wim Wenders. They worked as an assistant cinematographer for Nancy Schreiber and Fred Murphy. They moved into photographing documentaries, including The Dead with John Huston, and music videos. Them work with Tamra Davis on music videos led to their working as Director of Photography on Davis's feature film Guncrazy. They and Davis were both then fired from the film Bad Girls for their feminist perspective.
Davis introduced Rinzler to the Hughes brothers who employed them as Director of Photography on Menace II Society and Dead Presidents. Rinzler then shot Steve Buscemi's directorial debut, Trees Lounge.
They returned to documentary film-making, shooting part of Wim Wenders' Buena Vista Social Club (film), an episode of Martin Scorsese's The Blues (film series) and the Oscar-winning short Learning to Skateboard in a Warzone (If You're a Girl).
Awards and recognition
Rinzler has won the Independent Spirit Award twice, for Menace II Society and Three Seasons in 1994 and 2000 respectively. They also won the 1999 Cinematography award at the Sundance Film Festival for Three Seasons. Rinzler won the Outstanding Cinematography For Nonfiction Programming (Single Or Multi-Camera) Emmy for Martin Scorsese Presents the Blues in 2004. They were also nominated for the Outstanding Cinematography For Nonfiction Programming in 2013 for their work on Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence In The House Of God.
Rinzler was one of 30 women covered in the book Great Women of Film (2002) by Helene Lumme and Mika Manninen. They appeared in the documentaries Visions of Light: The Art of Cinematography (1991) and Women Behind the Camera (2001-2006).
Filmography
No Sense of Crime (1987)
The Dead (1987)
True Love (1988)
Guncrazy (1991)
Menace II Society (1992)
Hookers, Prostitutes, Pimps and their Johns (1993) - tv documentary
Lisbon Story (1994)
Dead Presidents (1994)
Trees Lounge (1995)
Black Kites (1995)
Three Seasons (1998)
Buena Vista Social Club (1998)
Martin Scorsese Presents The Blues Mea Maxima Culpa: Silence In The House Of God (2012)
The 50 Year Argument (2014)
Hitchcock Truffaut (2015)
Pope Francis A Man of Their Word (2018)
Learning to Skateboard in a Warzone (If You're a Girl)'' (2019)
References
External links
www.lisarinzler.com
1955 births
Living people
American women cinematographers
American cinematographers
The North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre (formerly known as the Mattress Firm Amphitheatre, Sleep Train Amphitheatre, Coors Amphitheatre and the Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre) is a 20,500-seat amphitheatre located in Chula Vista, California adjacent to Sesame Place San Diego. It is one of the larger concert venues in the San Diego area. The venue is currently owned and operated by Live Nation.
History
Area around the amphitheatre had previously been open fields and at one time been part of a large dairy farm. At one point, the 72 acres where the amphitheater sits was a fully developed industrial park with terraced lots and utilities in place. The site had been abandoned for a number of years when Universal Concerts approached the city of Chula Vista and won approval to build the amphitheatre. The industrial park was bulldozed and the site graded to build the amphitheatre. In the late 1990s, a development plan was created and a water park and concert venue were planned for the area. White Water Canyon (now Sesame Place San Diego) opened in 1997, while Coors Amphitheatre opened July 21, 1998, the first venue of its kind in San Diego County. On August 21, 1998, the venue hosted its first sell-out concert with the English pop girl group Spice Girls.
All of the Universal Concerts facilities, including Coors Amphitheatre, were purchased by House of Blues in late 1999. Live Nation Entertainment purchased House of Blues, including 8 amphitheaters and eleven clubs, in July 2006. In April 2008, the venue was renamed Cricket Wireless Amphitheatre after naming rights were purchased by Cricket Wireless. In January 2013, the venue was renamed to Sleep Train Amphitheater after the naming rights were purchased by Sleep Train, as part a five-year naming rights deal with Live Nation. On February 16, 2017, Sleep Train Amphitheatre was renamed to Mattress Firm Amphitheatre, to coincide with its partnership with Mattress Firm. On November 1, 2018, the venue was renamed to North Island Credit Union Amphitheatre, as the naming rights were purchased by Live Nation. It was in part of a ten-year name-in-title sponsorship deal with North Island Credit Union of San Diego.
Venue
The Amphitheatre features 9,468 chairback seats and 10,024 lawn seats. During the spring, summer and fall months it is used mostly for first-tier concert tours, due primarily to its capacity.
See also
List of contemporary amphitheatres
Live Nation
References
External links
Mattress Firm Amphitheatre Web Site
Amphitheaters in California
Music venues in California
Buildings and structures in San Diego County, California
Tourist attractions in San Diego County, California
Music venues completed in 1998
Culture of Chula Vista, California
Buildings and structures in Chula Vista, California
WSOL-FM (101.5 FM), is a commercial radio station known as V101.5. It is licensed to Yulee, Florida, and serves the Jacksonville metropolitan area and Southeast Georgia. Owned and operated by iHeartMedia, Inc., it broadcasts an Urban Adult Contemporary radio format. WSOL-FM's studios are located on Central Parkway in Jacksonville's Southside district. The transmitter is off McKendree Road in Kingsland, Georgia, a couple of miles from the Georgia-Florida border.
Weekday mornings on V101.5 begin with The Steve Harvey Morning Show, syndicated by co-owned Premiere Networks. Overnights feature The Sweat Hotel, a syndicated show hosted by R&B singer Keith Sweat. Local DJs are heard the rest of the day. Urban gospel music is heard on Sunday mornings.
History
On September 1, 1966, the station signed on as WYNR-FM. It was the FM counterpart to AM 790 WYNR (now WSFN), and was licensed to Brunswick, Georgia. It was owned by Dixie Radio, Inc., and simulcast the country music format of the AM station. WYNR-FM ran at 33,000 watts, a third of its current power, limiting its coverage to Brunswick and nearby communities, and not a factor in the larger Jacksonville radio market.
In 1978, WYNR-AM-FM were bought by Southcoast Broadcasting. The FM station's call sign switched to WPIQ and it began airing an adult contemporary music format. Power was increased to 100,000 watts, but on only a 250-foot tower, so its signal was still not widely heard in the entire Jacksonville market.
In 1989, the AM and FM stations were sold to the Suburban Radio Group for $4.8 million. The WPIQ call letters were shifted over to the AM station, while the FM station became WHJX, airing a Top 40 format. The station used the moniker "Hot 101.5." WHJX received Federal Communications Commission (FCC) permission to increase its height above average terrain (HAAT) to 1,463 feet, making it a true Jacksonville market station. In 1994, WHJX rebranded as “101.5 Channel X” playing a mix of Modern Rock, Hip-Hop, Rap and Pop music. This eclectic format would only last a few months before it returned to it's current format. Over the next several years, WHJX moved from mainstream Top 40 to a more rhythmic contemporary direction.
The station became WSOL-FM on September 8, 1995, playing a variety (thus the "V"-brand) of Old School/Soul and current R&B music. The station was acquired by Jacor, which was a forerunner to current owner iHeartMedia. Jacor also owned Mainstream Urban WJBT, Jacksonville's other FM station serving the African American community, although aiming at a younger audience.
On November 21, 2014, WSOL-FM broadened the format to include more classic hip hop, along with Urban Adult Contemporary hits. The slogan switched to "Throwback Hip Hop and R&B."
On January 3, 2019, WSOL-FM reverted to Urban AC, still under the "V101.5" branding.
On August 7, 2019, WSOL-FM changed their city of license to Yulee, Florida as part of iHeartMedia's bankruptcy restructuring, which resulted in losing its grandfathered status in the Brunswick, Georgia market. Otherwise, iHeartMedia would have been required to divest WHFX.
WSOL-HD2
WSOL-FM broadcasts using the HD Radio format. On May 8, 2017, WSOL-HD2 and translator station 102.3 W272CQ changed their format from oldies (branded as "102.3 The Beach") to classic hits. It branded itself "Sunny 102.3 - Jacksonville's Greatest Hits."
On October 15, 2020, WSOL-HD2 and W272CQ dropped the "Sunny 102.3" classic hits format, with a new format to be announced. The format would end up being Spanish-language Christian programming from Buenas Nuevas Network, owner of WUMY in Memphis, Tennessee.
Former logo
References
External links
V 101.5 Facebook
V101.5 Official Website
SOL-FM
Radio stations established in 1966
IHeartMedia radio stations
Urban adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Christian Sylvester Sands (born May 22, 1989) is an American jazz pianist and composer. Their third album for Mack Avenue Records, Be Water, was released in 2020 and received a Grammy Award nomination in the Best Instrumental Composition category for the song "Be Water II."
Life and career
Sands was born on May 22, 1989. They grew up in New Haven, Connecticut, and later moved to the nearby town of Orange. They started playing the piano at a very young age, and took lessons from the age of four; they commented that "I grew up with it in the house, in the classroom and on stage so it has always been a huge part of my life".
Sands was mentored by pianist Billy Taylor, who allowed the teenager to close one of the sets that Taylor played at the Kennedy Center. Sands went on to study at the Manhattan School of Music. The school's Afro-Cuban Jazz Orchestra, led by Bobby Sanabria, recorded the album Kenya Revisited Live in 2009; it was nominated for a Latin Grammy.
After graduating, Sands joined Inside Straight, one of bassist Christian McBride's bands; they have toured internationally.
Sands became a Steinway artist in 2012. In 2014, Sands cited as influences McBride, Wynton Marsalis, Kenny Garrett, and Marcus Roberts, because "They're coming from the tradition of bringing people into the music, but also moving it forward into new directions". In the same year, Sands became an American Pianists Association Jazz Fellowship Awards Finalist.
Discography
An asterisk (*) indicates that the year is that of release.
As leader
As sideman
References
1989 births
African-American jazz musicians
American jazz pianists
American male pianists
Jazz musicians from Connecticut
Living people
Manhattan School of Music alumni
Musicians from New Haven, Connecticut
Place of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American pianists
21st-century American male musicians
American male jazz musicians
Mack Avenue Records artists
Storyville Records artists
African-American pianists
21st-century African-American musicians
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Coelotilapia joka is a vulnerable species of cichlid fish from rivers in Sierra Leone and Liberia in West Africa. This relatively small tilapia formerly was included in the genus Tilapia, but in 2013 it was moved to its own genus Coelotilapia and tribe Coelotilapini.
It is an oval shaped fish with a black body coloring. Eight to nine yellow, transverse stripes mark the body. The head has small, irregular yellow lines that extend from the eye to the snout, forehead, and mouth. It is one of the few tilapia species that regularly are kept in aquariums.
Characteristics
Coelotilapia joka can reach up to about in total length. It originates from West Africa; found near the banks of clear rivers and tributaries of the lower parts of the Moa and Moro Rivers, southern Sierra Leone and northern Liberia and lives from the middle to the bottom of the river. Males have an elongated anal and dorsal fins and, with age, have white tips on their fins. In the wild, its diet is mainly herbivorous with some live foods taken.
Pairs form monogamous bonds and later patriarch/matriarch families.
Special interest for aquarists
Coelotilapia joka is a peaceful, calm species that does well when combined with fish that have a similar temperament and will do well if in a properly sized and maintained tank. The species requires frequent partial water changes and a pH from 6-7.5 at . While the species will breed in captivity, successful captive breeding is not common.
References
Pseudocrenilabrinae
Cichlid fish of Africa
Freshwater fish of West Africa
Fish described in 1969
Osama Faisal (; born 1 January 2001) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Egyptian League club Zamalek.
Career statistics
Club
References
External links
Living people
Egyptian footballers
Egypt youth international footballers
Association football forwards
Zamalek SC players
Egyptian Premier League players
2001 births
Vitomil Zupan (18 January 1914 – 14 May 1987) was a post-World War II modernist Slovene writer and Gonars concentration camp survivor. Because of their detailed descriptions of sex and violence, they were dubbed the Slovene Hemingway and was compared to Henry Miller.  They are best known for Menuet za kitaro (A Minuet for Guitar, 1975), describing the years they spent with the Slovene Partisans. In Titoist Yugoslavia they were sentenced to 18 years in a show trial, and upon their release in 1955 their works could only be published under their pseudonym Langus.  They are considered one of the most important Slovene writers.
Life
Zupan was born in Ljubljana, then part of Austria-Hungary. Their mother was a teacher and their father, a soldier, was killed in the First World War. At age 18, Zupan played Russian roulette and shot a friend in the head, killing him. As a result, they were prohibited from graduating from secondary school in Yugoslavia. After leaving the country, they traveled for years—earning money as a sailor, ship's stoker, house painter in France, ski instructor, and professional boxer—across the Mediterranean, the Middle East, and North Africa, all before the outbreak of World War II. Upon returning home, they enrolled in the University of Ljubljana's Faculty of Engineering, which they did not graduate from, and read medical textbooks in an attempt to better understand their emotional condition.
After the Axis invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, as member of the Sokol athletic movement they joined the Liberation Front and participated in its underground activities in the annexed Province of Ljubljana until the authorities sent them to the Gonars concentration camp in 1942.
After the capitulation of Italy, in 1943 they joined the Slovene Partisans, first in combat units and soon after in the cultural unit, where they were assigned to write resistance propaganda theater plays. After World War II, until 1947, when they fully dedicated themselves to writing, they served at Radio Ljubljana as the cultural program's chief editor. For their novel Rojstvo v nevihti (Birth in a Storm) they were awarded their first Prešeren Award the same year. They married Nikolaja Dolenc and they had two sons, Dim Zupan and Martel Zupan; however, after the Tito–Stalin split in 1948, they were accused of anti-government conspiracy, spying, antipatriotic activity, immoral acts, murder, and attempted rape, and was sentenced in a show trial to almost twenty years in prison. They were released in 1955 and their two sons lived without their father, similar to their own childhood. They graduated from the University of Ljubljana in 1958.
They published their works for several years only under a pseudonym and was again able to publish under their name again from the 1960s onward. Their best-known novel, Menuet za kitaro (A Minuet for Guitar), was adapted by the Serbian director Živojin Pavlović for their 1980 film See You in the Next War (, ) and Zupan received their second Prešeren Award—this time for lifetime achievement.
Zupan died in Ljubljana in 1987 and is buried in the Žale cemetery.
Work
Vitomil Zupan is best known for their semi-autobiographical novels centered on the quest of an individual for their identity in the modern world. They gave an idiosyncratic description of the years they spent with the Slovene Partisans in their 1975 novel Menuet za kitaro (A Minuet for Guitar), described the ruthless environments in repressive institutions, such as the army and the prison in the 1982 novel Levitan, and described the period before and during World War II in the third part of their trilogy, (A Comedy of Human Tissue).
In the 1978 novel Igra s hudičevim repom (A Game with the Devil's Tail), they wrote about a middle-aged man who becomes involved in a sexual affair with their housekeeper, filled with depictions of sexuality and the banality of everyday life, because of which they were accused of pornography. However, their novels were also filled with philosophical and cultural references, and they wrote poetry, most of which remained unpublished during their lifetime. A collection of Zupan's poetry from their prison years was first published in 2006 and revived interest in Zupan's literary legacy.
They also wrote the children's book Potovanje v tisočera mesta (Travelling to a Thousand Cities; NIP "Kosmos", 1956).
Reception and legacy
The Yugoslav critics were part of official Titoist nomenclature, and rejected their bohemian style and freethinking attitude and accused their writings of being decadent, cynical, and a glorification of evil, amorality, and nihilism.
Alternative Slovene writers and literary thinkers, such as Dušan Pirjevec Ahac and Taras Kermauner, were influenced by Zupan's work and they challenged the Titoist cultural policies. The echos of Zupan's vitalism and anticonformism can be seen in the works of the writer and essayist Marjan Rožanc, who reflected on Zupan in their 1983 novel-like essay Roman o knjigah (A Novel about Books). They also influenced the poet Borut Kardelj.
References
Notes
Sources
Vesna Milek, "Pesmi zoper smrt: portret Vitomila Zupana" in Delo 48(114) (20 May 2006): 26–28.
Bernard Nežmah, "Vitomil Zupan, Levitan: ponatis legendarnega dela iz leta 1982" in Mladina (13 May 2002): 81.
Alenka Puhar, "Pesmi starega restanta: Zupanovo zbrano zaporniško delo" in Delo 48(111) (17 May 2006): 15.
Marjan Rožanc, Roman o knjigah (Ljubljana: Slovenska matica, 1983).
Further reading
Andrej Inkret, "Zupan, Vitomil", article in Enciklopedija Slovenije, vol. 15 (Ljubljana: Mladinska knjiga, 2001), 235–236.
Janko Kos et al., Interpretacije: Vitomil Zupan (Ljubljana: Nova revija, 1993)
Vlado Žabot, Estetski vidiki v Zupanovem Levitanu (Ljubljana: Univerza v Ljubljani, 1986).
1914 births
1987 deaths
Writers from Ljubljana
Slovenian poets
Slovenian essayists
Slovenian screenwriters
Prešeren Award laureates
Yugoslav Partisans members
Levstik Award laureates
Ethnic Slovene people
University of Ljubljana alumni
Yugoslav poets
Yugoslav essayists
Burials at Žale
Yugoslav screenwriters
Benjamin "Ben" Vincent (born 3 November 1976) is an Australian former wrestler who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1976 births
Living people
Sportsmen from the Australian Capital Territory
Australian male sport wrestlers
Olympic wrestlers of Australia
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Or Tokayev, also known as Svetlana Tokayev, Svetlana Or Tokaev, and Or Tokaev, (; ; born November 9, 1979) is an Israeli former Olympic rhythmic gymnast.
Early life
They were born in Russia. They immigrated to Israel when they were 14 years old, in 1991.
Rhythmic Gymnastics career
Them sports club was Sport Laam.
In 1994, they came in 10th in the European Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships in Team Rhythmic Gymnastics.
They came in 14th in the 1999 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.
They competed for Israel at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia, when they were 20 was years old in Rhythmic Gymnastics—Women's Individual, and came in 14th. At the time that they competed in the Olympics, they were 5-6 (168 cm) tall and weighed 117 lbs (53 kg).
References
External links
Gymnasts at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Living people
1979 births
Israeli rhythmic gymnasts
Olympic gymnasts of Israel
Russian emigrants to Israel
Gołąb is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec Fabryczny, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It lies approximately west of Rejowiec Fabryczny, west of Chełm, and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
Bhimadole railway station (station code:BMD), is an Indian Railways station nearby Eluru city of Andhra Pradesh. It lies on the Vijayawada–Nidadavolu loop line of Howrah–Chennai main line and is administered under Vijayawada railway division of South Coast Railway zone. It serves as a halt for sixteen trains every day.
History
Between 1893 and 1896, of the East Coast State Railway, between and , was opened for traffic. The southern part of the East Coast State Railway (from Waltair to Vijayawada) was taken over by Madras Railway in 1901.
Electrification
The Mustabad–Gannavaram–Nuzvid–Bhimadolu sector was electrified in 1995–96.
Classification
Bhimadole railway station is categorized as a Non-Suburban Grade-6 (NSG-6) station in the Vijayawada railway division.
References
External links
South Central Railway
Railway stations in West Godavari district
Vijayawada railway division
Railway stations in Eluru
1893 establishments in India
Everything You Want is the debut studio album by American R&B singer Ray J. It was released by EastWest Records on March 25, 1997 in the United States.
Critical reception
Allmusic rated the album one and a half stars out of five.
Chart performance
Everything You Want sold under 100,000 copies to date while it failed to reach the US Billboard 200, it peaked at number 56 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.
Track listing
Charts
References
1997 debut albums
Ray J albums
Termitomyces le-testui is a species of agaric fungus in the family Lyophyllaceae. It was first described scientifically from Africa by French mycologist Narcisse Théophile Patouillard in 1916, and transferred to the genus Termitomyces by Roger Heim in 1942. The mushroom is edible and used as food.
References
Lyophyllaceae
Fungi described in 1916
Fungi of Africa
Taxa named by Narcisse Théophile Patouillard
David Courtenay Marr (19 January 1945 – 17 November 1980) was a British neuroscientist and physiologist. Marr integrated results from psychology, artificial intelligence, and neurophysiology into new models of visual processing. Their work was very influential in computational neuroscience and led to a resurgence of interest in the discipline.
Biography
Born in Woodford, Essex, and educated at Rugby School; they were admitted at Trinity College, Cambridge on 1 October 1963 (having been awarded an Open Scholarship and the Lees Knowles Rugby Exhibition).
They were awarded the Coutts Trotter Scholarship in 1966 and obtained their BA in mathematics the same year. They were elected a Research Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge in 1968. Their doctoral dissertation, supervised by Giles Brindley, was submitted in 1969 and described their model of the function of the cerebellum based mainly on anatomical and physiological data garnered from a book by J.C. Eccles. Their interest turned from general brain theory to visual processing. Subsequently, they worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where they took on a faculty appointment in the Department of Psychology in 1977 and was subsequently made a tenured full professor in 1980. Marr proposed that understanding the brain requires an understanding of the problems it faces and the solutions it finds. They emphasised the need to avoid general theoretical debates and instead focus on understanding specific problems.
Marr died of leukaemia in Cambridge, Massachusetts, at the age of 35. Their findings are collected in the book Vision: A computational investigation into the human representation and processing of visual information, which was finished mainly in the summer of 1979, was published in 1982 after their death and re-issued in 2010 by The MIT Press. This book had a key role in the beginning and rapid growth of computational neuroscience field. They were married to Lucia M. Vaina of Boston University's Department of Biomedical Engineering and Neurology.
There are various academic awards and prizes named in their honour. The Marr Prize, one of the most prestigious awards in computer vision, the David Marr Medal awarded every two years by the Applied Vision Association in the UK, and the Cognitive Science Society also awards a Marr Prize for the best student paper at its annual conference.
Work
Theories of cerebellum, hippocampus, and neocortex
Marr is best known for their work on vision, but before they began work on that topic they published three seminal papers proposing computational theories of the cerebellum (in 1969), neocortex (in 1970), and hippocampus (in 1971). Each of those papers presented important new ideas that continue to influence modern theoretical thinking.
The cerebellum theory was motivated by two unique features of cerebellar anatomy: (1) the cerebellum contains vast numbers of tiny granule cells, each receiving only a few inputs from "mossy fibers"; (2) Purkinje cells in the cerebellar cortex each receive tens of thousands of inputs from "parallel fibers", but only one input from a single "climbing fiber", which however is extremely strong. Marr proposed that the granule cells encode combinations of mossy fibre inputs, and that the climbing fibres carry a "teaching" signal that instructs their Purkinje cell targets to modify the strength of synaptic connections from parallel fibres.
The theory of neocortex was primarily motivated by the discoveries of David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel, who found several types of "feature detectors" in the primary visual area of the cortex. Marr proposed, generalising on that observation, that cells in the neocortex are flexible categorizers—that is, they learn the statistical structure of their input patterns and become sensitive to combinations that are frequently repeated.
The theory of hippocampus (which Marr called "archicortex") was motivated by the discovery by William Scoville and Brenda Milner that destruction of the hippocampus produced amnesia for memories of new or recent events but left intact memories of events that had occurred years earlier. Marr called their theory "simple memory": the basic idea was that the hippocampus could rapidly form memory traces of a simple type by strengthening connections between neurons. Remarkably, Marr's paper only preceded by two years a paper by Tim Bliss and Terje Lømo that provided the first clear report of long-term potentiation in the hippocampus, a type of synaptic plasticity very similar to what Marr hypothesized. (Marr's paper contains a footnote mentioning a preliminary report of that discovery.) The details of Marr's theory are no longer of great value because of errors in their understanding of hippocampal anatomy, but the basic concept of the hippocampus as a temporary memory system remains in a number of modern theories. At the end of their paper Marr promised a follow-up paper on the relations between the hippocampus and neocortex, but no such paper ever appeared.
Levels of analysis
Marr treated vision as an information processing system. They put forth (in concert with Tomaso Poggio) the idea that one must understand information processing systems at three distinct, complementary levels of analysis. This idea is known in cognitive science as Marr's Tri-Level Hypothesis:
computational level: what does the system do (e.g.: what problems do it solve or overcome) and similarly, why does it do these things
algorithmic level (sometimes representational level): how does the system do what it does, specifically, what representations do it use and what processes do it employ to build and manipulate the representations
implementational/physical level: how is the system physically realised (in the case of biological vision, what neural structures and neuronal activities implement the visual system)
Marr illustrates their tripartite analysis recurring to the example of a device whose functioning is well understood: a cash register.
At the computational level, the functioning of the register can be accounted for in terms of arithmetic and, in particular, in terms of the theory of addition: at this level are relevant the computed function (addition), and such abstract properties of it, as commutativity or associativity. The level of representation and algorithm specify the form of the representations and the processes elaborating them: "we might choose Arabic numerals for the representations, and for the algorithm we could follow the usual rules about adding the least significant digits first and `carrying' if the sum exceeds 9" (ibid.). Finally, the level of implementation has to do with how such representations and processes are physically realized; for example, the digits could be represented as positions on a metal wheel, or, alternatively, as binary numbers coded by the electrical states of digital circuitry. Notably, Marr pointed out that the most important level for the design of effective systems in the computational one (ibid.).
Stages of vision
Marr described vision as proceeding from a two-dimensional visual array (on the retina) to a three-dimensional description of the world as output. Their stages of vision include:
a primal sketch of the scene, based on feature extraction of fundamental components of the scene, including edges, regions, etc. Note the similarity in concept to a pencil sketch drawn quickly by an artist as an impression.
a 2.5D sketch of the scene, where textures are acknowledged, etc. Note the similarity in concept to the stage in drawing where an artist highlights or shades areas of a scene, to provide depth.
a 3D model, where the scene is visualised in a continuous, 3-dimensional map.
2.5D sketch is related to stereopsis, optic flow, and motion parallax. The 2.5D sketch represents that in reality we do not see all of our surroundings but construct the viewer-centered three dimensional view of our environment. 2.5D Sketch is a so-called paraline drawing technique of data visualization and often referred to by its generic term "axonometric" or "isometric" drawing and is often used by modern architects and designers.
Marr's three-stage framework does not capture well a central stage of visual processing: visual attention. A more recent, alternative, framework proposed that vision is composed instead of the following three stages: encoding, selection, and decoding. Encoding is to sample and represent visual inputs (e.g., to represent visual inputs as neural activities in the retina). Selection, or attentional selection, is to select a tiny fraction of input information for further processing , e.g., by shifting gaze to an object or visual location to better process the visual signals at that location. Decoding is to infer or recognize the selected input signals, e.g., to recognize the object at the center of gaze as somebody's face.
See also
High and low level (description)
Marr Prize
Level of analysis
Publications
(1969) "A theory of cerebellar cortex." J. Physiol., 202:437–470.
(1970) "A theory for cerebral neocortex." Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B, 176:161–234.
(1971) "Simple memory: a theory for archicortex." Phil. Trans. Royal Soc. London, 262:23–81.
(1974) "The computation of lightness by the primate retina." Vision Research, 14:1377–1388.
(1975) "Approaches to biological information processing." Science, 190:875–876.
(1976) "Early processing of visual information." Phil. Trans. R. Soc. Lond. B, 275:483–524.
(1976) "Cooperative computation of stereo disparity." Science, 194:283–287. (with Tomaso Poggio)
(March 1976) "Artificial intelligence: A personal view." Technical Report AIM 355, MIT AI Laboratory, Cambridge, MA.
(1977) "Artificial intelligence: A personal view." Artificial Intelligence 9(1), 37–48.
(1977) "From understanding computation to understanding neural circuitry." Neurosciences Res. Prog. Bull., 15:470–488. (with Tomaso Poggio)
(1978) "Representation and recognition of the spatial organization of three dimensional shapes." Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B, 200:269–294. (with H. K. Nishihara)
(1979) "A computational theory of human stereo vision." Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B, 204:301–328. (with Tomaso Poggio)
(1980) "Theory of edge detection." Proc. R. Soc. Lond. B, 207:187–217. (with E. Hildreth)
(1981) "Artificial intelligence: a personal view." In Haugeland, J., ed., Mind Design, chapter 4, pages 129–142. MIT Press, Cambridge, MA.
(1982) "Representation and recognition of the movements of shapes." Proceedings of the Royal Society of London B, 214:501–524. (with L. M. Vaina)
(1982) Vision: A Computational Investigation into the Human Representation and Processing of Visual Information. San Francisco: W. H. Freeman and Company. . (In 2010, MIT press re-published the book with a foreword from Shimon Ullman and an afterword from Tomaso Poggio under .)
References
Further reading
External links
Extensive online biography
Artificial intelligence researchers
British neuroscientists
Cognitive neuroscientists
Computer vision researchers
British psychologists
1945 births
1980 deaths
History of artificial intelligence
Consciousness researchers and theorists
People from Woodford, London
People educated at Rugby School
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Vision scientists
20th-century psychologists
The 14 cm Minenwerfer M 15 was a medium mortar used by Austria-Hungary in World War I. It was developed by Škoda Works as an alternative to a German design from Rheinische Metallwarenfabrik/Ehrhardt for which ammunition could not be procured. It was a rigid-recoil, rifled, muzzle-loading weapon that had to be levered around to aim at new targets. It was lifted onto a two-wheel cart for transport.
The M 16 version added a central barrel ring and cutouts on the side of the carriage. Rotation within the barrel was improved, greatly increasing accuracy. It weighed an extra , but had a maximum range of . Its transport cart was also improved.
The first batch of 100 mortars was ordered in May 1915 and a second batch in spring 1916, but deliveries were slow; only 88 of the second batch could be sent to the front by May 1916. A third batch of 300 was ordered in November 1916, but production was such that only 30 had been delivered by the spring of 1917.
References
Ortner, M. Christian. The Austro-Hungarian Artillery From 1867 to 1918: Technology, Organization, and Tactics. Vienna, Verlag Militaria, 2007
Mortars of Austria-Hungary
140 mm artillery
Zhang Xi (), formally the Duke of Pingyuan (平原公), was a Chinese historian and politician during the Tang dynasty and the Wu Zhou dynasty, serving as chancellor on two occasions.
Background
It is not known when Zhang Xi was born, but it is known that they came from a line that had served for generations as officials of Northern Wei, Northern Qi, Sui dynasty, and Tang dynasty. Zhang Xi's father Zhang Wencong (張文琮) served as a deputy minister during the reign of Emperor Gaozong of Tang, and their uncle Zhang Wenguan served as a chancellor.
During Wu Zetian's reign
The first historical reference to Zhang Xi's own career as an official was in 700, during the reign of Emperor Gaozong's wife Wu Zetian, when Zhang Xi was serving as the deputy minister of civil service affairs (天官侍郎, Tianguan Shilang). On that occasion, Zhang Changyi (張昌儀), the brother of Wu Zetian's lovers Zhang Yizhi and Zhang Changzong, had received a bribe from a reserve official with the surname of Xue (薛) to ask to be given an actual commission. Zhang Changyi took the bribe and their certificate of reserve commission and gave the certificate to Zhang Xi, ordering them to find a position for the man. Several days later, Zhang Xi found that they had misplaced the certificate, and they met Zhang Changyi to ask them what to do—to which Zhang Changyi replied, "How am I supposed to remember what their name was? The only way to salvage the situation is to give a commission to everyone named Xue." Zhang Xi, in fear, left Zhang Changyi's presence, and gave commissions some 60 reserve officials named Xue. Later in 700, Zhang Xi was made Fengge Shilang (鳳閣侍郎), the deputy head of the legislative bureau of government (鳳閣, Fengge) and given the designation Tong Fengge Luantai Pingzhangshi (同鳳閣鸞臺平章事), making them a chancellor de facto. At that time, Zhang Xi's nephew Li Jiao (a son of their sister) was already serving as chancellor, and as Wu Zetian did not want both uncle and nephew to serve as chancellors simultaneously, they removed Li Jiao from their office, but it was still regarded as a great honor to the family at the time to have them succeed their nephew. They continued to serve in the capacity as selector of officials, along with Zheng Gao (鄭杲).
In 701, Zhang Xi was accused of revealing palace secrets and accepting bribes, and they were set to be executed. At the time of their arrest, they rode a horse to the jail for high-level officials, and continued, once there, to enjoy luxurious meals, while another chancellor who was also arrested, Su Weidao, slept on a mat on the floor and ate very simple meals. When Wu Zetian heard this, they released Su and returned them to office, while setting an execution date for Zhang Xi, but at the last moment spared them and exiled them to Xun Prefecture (循州, roughly modern Huizhou, Guangdong).
After Wu Zetian's reign
Wu Zetian was overthrown in a coup in 705, and their son Li Xian the Crown Prince, formerly emperor, was restored to the throne (as Emperor Zhongzong). Sometime during Emperor Zhongzong's reign, Zhang Xi was recalled to serve as the minister of public works (工部尚書, Gongbu Shangshu) and was also in charge of editing imperial histories, and was eventually put in charge of the eastern capital Luoyang.
In 710, Emperor Zhongzong suddenly died—a death that traditional historians believed to be a poisoning carried out by their powerful wife Empress Wei and daughter Li Guo'er the Princess Anle, so that Empress Wei could become "emperor" like Wu Zetian did and that Li Guo'er could become crown princess. Meanwhile, though, Emperor Zhongzong's son by a concubine, Li Chongmao the Prince of Wen, was made emperor, with Empress Wei retaining power as empress dowager and regent. They conferred on Zhang Xi the designation of Tong Zhongshu Menxia Sanpin (同中書門下三品), again making them chancellor de facto, but had them remain in charge at Luoyang. Less than a month later, they and Li Guo'er were killed in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and nephew Li Longji the Prince of Linzi, and Li Longji's father Li Dan the Prince of Xiang, themselves a former emperor, was restored to the throne (as Emperor Ruizong). Emperor Ruizong demoted all of the chancellors that Empress Dowager Wei had commissioned, and Zhang Xi was demoted to be the prefect of Jiang Prefecture (絳州, in modern Yuncheng, Shanxi). Sometime after that, they were created the Duke of Pingyuan, and died after their retirement, but the date of their death is not known.
References
Old Book of Tang, vol. 85.
New Book of Tang, vol. 113.
Zizhi Tongjian, vols. 206, 207, 209.
8th-century Chinese historians
Chancellors under Emperor Ruizong of Tang
Chancellors under Emperor Shang of Tang
Chancellors under Wu Zetian
Tang dynasty historians
Cai Tianxiong (born 26 December 1954) is a Chinese water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
1954 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Water polo players at the 1978 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Water polo players at the 1986 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1978 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1986 Asian Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Sa'ar 62-class offshore patrol vessel, are a type of vessel used by the Cyprus Navy and the Azerbaijan Coast Guard. The patrol vessels are based on the vessels.
Design
The patrol craft have a basic design, but are equipped with modern sensors, systems and weapons. The vessels armament gives them the capability to engage surface, air, and land threats and targets, and the countermeasure system can give them protection from anti-ship missiles and torpedoes. The vessels can deploy small boats for boarding operations, and search and rescue. The vessels have a flight deck for an Airbus EC135 helicopter that can be used to assist the vessel in its missions.
Patrol vessels
The Monastery of Fitero ( or Monasterio de Santa María de Nienzebas) is a Cistercian monastery located at Fitero, Navarre, Spain, on the banks of the Alhama river.
It was founded, on a different site, in 1141 as part of the Cistercian expansion into Spain from the center at Escaladieu Abbey, and moved to Fitero in 1152. Durand (Durandus, Durando) was its first abbot, followed by St. Raymond of Fitero, who later founded the Order of Calatrava.
The floor plan of the church is similar to that in the monasteries of Clairvaux and Pontigny, a Latin cross plan with three naves, the ambulatory sanctuary with five side chapels.
References
External links
Monastery of Fitero in Medieval History of Navarre
Monasteries in Navarre
Cistercian monasteries in Spain
Marius Toma (born May 15, 1986 in Mihăileşti, Buzău) is a Romanian football goalkeeper. They received the "Meritul Sportiv" Medal in 2006 from president Traian Băsescu.
Club career
They played for Steaua II București, Concordia Chiajna, Farul, Rm. Vâlcea.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Romanian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
People from Buzău County
The deben was an ancient Egyptian weight unit.
Old and Middle Kingdom
Stone weights from the Old Kingdom have been found, weighing about . Similar weights from the Middle Kingdom were discovered at Lisht. From the Middle Kingdom date also deben weight units used for metals, referred to as copper deben and gold deben, the former being about twice as heavy () as the latter.
New Kingdom
From the New Kingdom one deben was equal to about . It was divided into ten kidet (alt. kit, kite or qedet), or into what is referred to by Egyptologists as 'pieces', one twelfth of a deben weighing . It was frequently used to denote value of goods, by comparing their worth to a weight of metal, generally silver or copper.
Protocurrency
It has been speculated that pieces of metal weighing a deben were kept in boxes, taken to markets, and were used as a means of exchange. Archaeologists have been unable to find any such standardized pieces of precious metal. On the other hand, it is documented that debens served to compare values. In the 19th Dynasty, a slave girl priced four deben and one kite of silver was paid for with various goods: 6 bronze vessels, 10 deben of copper, 15 linen garments, a shroud, a blanket, and a pot of honey.
Legacy
Debens appeared in the computer game Pharaoh as its currency (in the form of gold).
See also
Ancient Egyptian units of measurement
Egyptian units of measurement
References
Units of mass
Egyptian hieroglyphs
The Lamborghini family () is an Italian family of Industrialists, Entrepreneurs and Performing artists.
Family tree
Antonio Lamborghini==+==Evelina Lamborghini
|
Ferruccio Lamborghini==+==Clelia Monti ==+==Maria Theresa Cane
| |
Tonino Lamborghini==+==Luisa Peterlongo Patrizia Lamborghini
|
+-------------------+--------------------+-------------------+--------------------+
| | | | |
Ferruccio Lamborghini Elettra Lamborghini Flaminia Lamborghini Ginevra Lamborghini Lucrezia Lamborghini
Festivals
Elettra Lamborghini, singer, model, television personality and influencer, participated in Sanremo Music Festival 2020 with their song Musica (e il resto scompare).
References
Family trees
Italian families
The 1992 India–Pakistan floods was a deadly flood caused by a five days long heavy monsoon rains and severe weather that occurred on 7 September 1992 across the north-Pakistan of Azad Kashmir, North-West Frontier Province and Indian administered state of Jammu and Kashmir. Severe floods left more than 2,500 fatalities, including 2,000 deaths in Pakistan administered state, 300 in Punjab province, and 200 in India administered state with several other missing. The floods swept away more than 12,672 villages and several people were buried alive due to landslides near mountains. Punjab, that shares its borders with Azad Kashmir, suffered a heavy agriculture loss in its economic history.
The floods evacuated 3.3 million people from the affected areas. Initial reports cited between 900 and 1,000 dead with 1,000 missing.
Background
The floods originated from the three major rivers such as Indus river, the longest river of the country, which flows through Pakistan, China and India, Chenab river, the major river of India and Pakistan, and the Jhelum river, a river in northern India and eastern Pakistan. The heavy rainfall in northern mountains made three rivers overflow. The Jhelum river swept away more than 400 people in Punjab province, including refugees along with shelters built of mud on the banks of the river. Pakistan suffered a heavy loss of 2,000 fatalities as well as millions of worth properties, while hundreds of people died in Indian-controlled Jammu and Kashmir.
Emergency response
After floods struck Pakistan, mostly Azad Kashmir, the Government of Pakistan declared a nationwide emergency. The United Nations mobilized disaster management team to make necessary arrangements for dispatching disaster relief and to provide medical assistance to the flood victims of Pakistan. Pakistan also established the Prime Minister Relief Fund for 1992, a relief account designed to receive international funds as well as provincial-level relief contributions to combat the disaster. Government mobilized Pakistan army as well as local administration in an effort to recover missing people and to provide emergency services to the victims. The World Bank, a financial organization for government agencies, described the efforts of Pakistan "satisfactory" towards its swift recover of damage, although hundreds of people were confirmed dead.
Aftermath
Severe floods left 2,500 people dead, including 296 from Punjab. More than 9.3 million people were affected, and 350,000 families rendered homeless, including refuge huts. A report by the Pakistani government stated that 12,672 villages in north Pakistan were washed away, 160,000 cattle drowned away, and 80% of bridges and roads were completely destroyed. It was declared the deadliest flood in the history of Pakistan, destroying an estimated $1 billion of property of that time.
See also
2014 India–Pakistan floods
India–Pakistan border
International response to the 2005 Kashmir earthquake
2010 Pakistan floods
References
Natural disasters in Pakistan
Weather events in Pakistan
1992 in Pakistan
1992 in India
Pakistan
Jammu and Kashmir
1992 disasters in Pakistan
1990s in Jammu and Kashmir
20th century in Azad Kashmir
20th century in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
20th century in Punjab, Pakistan
Floods in India
Floods in Pakistan
Disasters in Jammu and Kashmir
India–Pakistan relations
September 1992 events in Asia
International responses to natural disasters
Martin Victor Kennedy (1895–1952), known widely as Victor Kennedy, was an author, journalist and significant figure in Australian literature. Born in Eaglehawk near Bendigo on 11 August 1895 to Martin William and Mary Jane Kennedy (). Kennedy was a journalist for the Shepparton Advertiser, after which they wrote for the Geraldton Guardian before becoming editor at the Geraldton Express. They later moved to Queensland from 1926 to 1942 where they founded the literary periodical Northern Affairs. A member of the Bread and Cheese Club, they were also president of the Australian Literature Society and Associate General Editor of the Jindyworobak Club. They started a biography of Bernard O'Dowd, unfinished at their death but completed by writer Nettie Palmer.
See also
Australian literature
References
1895 births
1952 deaths
20th-century Australian male writers
Shaoxing University () is located in Shaoxing, Zhejiang, China.
History
The University is located on the south-west side of Shaoxing city and has managed to grow in popularity and strength over the last decade. The University was founded in 1909 as the Shankuai Primary Normal School. The great modern Chinese author Lu Xun (1881-1936) is a native of Shaoxing. They were the education inspector for the school. In 1996, Shaoxing University was established from the merger of several higher education institutions such as Shaoxing Teachers College and Shaoxing Advanced Professional College.
Administration
The university is organised into the following administrative divisions.
Administrative offices
President's Office
Office of International Cooperation and Exchange
Academic Affairs Office
Admission and Graduate Affairs Office
Student Affairs Office
Science and Technology Administration Office
Press Release Center
Human Resources Department
Retired Personnel Affairs Office
Security and Safeguard Department
Finance Department
University Enterprise Administration Office
General Affairs Office
University Assets Administration Office
Construction and Campus Planning Office
Maintenance and Campus Administration Office
Colleges and departments
The university is organized into the following colleges and departments.
Faculty of Foreign Languages
Faculty of Law
Cai Yuanpei Art College
Faculty of Physical Education
Faculty of Economics and Business Administration
Faculty of Mathematics Physics and Information Science
Faculty of Engineering
Faculty of medical Science
Shangyu College
College of Primary Education
Department of Chinese Language and literature
Department of Chemistry
Department of Biology
Department of Pedagogy
Yuanpei college
College of Adult Education
Orchid Pavilion Calligraphy College
College of Private Business Management
College of Vocational Training
References
External links
Shaoxing University Official website
Shaoxing University Official website
Shaoxing University Official website (Archive)
Shaoxing University Official website (Archive) (Archive)
Universities and colleges in Zhejiang
Educational institutions established in 1909
1909 establishments in China
Duke of Moctezuma de Tultengo () is a hereditary title of Spanish nobility held by a line of descendants of Emperor Moctezuma II, the ninth Tlatoani, or ruler, of Tenochtitlan. Since 1766, the title has been attached to a Grandeza de España, or a place in the Spanish peerage — the highest honor accorded to Spanish nobility (see also Mexican nobility).
History
The original title of Count of Moctezuma, from which it descends, was given by Philip IV of Spain in 1627 to Pedro Tesifón Moctezuma de la Cueva, 1st Viscount of Ilucán, Lord of Tula and Peza, a Knight of Santiago and a great-grandson of Moctezuma II through their son Pedro de Moctezuma Tlacahuepan and grandson Diego Luis Moctezuma (Ihuitl Temoc), Pedro Tesifón Moctezuma de la Cueva's father, who went to Spain. Charles II of Spain later granted the second holder of this title the qualification of de Tultengo, in reference to a town in the Mexican state of Hidalgo which was part of the inheritance of Moctezuma's son Pedro. All subsequent holders from 1635-1865 used the title, "Count of Moctezuma de Tultengo" until the advancement to the rank of duke removed de Tultengo. The title of Duke of Moctezuma (without the qualification of 'de Tultengo') was granted to Antonio María Marcilla de Teruel-Moctezuma y Navarro, 14th Count of Moctezuma de Tultengo and 11th Marquis of Tenebrón on October 11, 1865 by Isabella II of Spain.
The current holder of the title is Juan José Marcilla de Teruel-Moctezuma y Valcárcel, 6th Duke of Moctezuma de Tultengo. Their father had assumed the title and was regranted the qualification of de Tultengo (as the second Count of Moctezuma was in 1639) by Juan Carlos I of Spain in 1992.
List of holders
Family tree
References
Bibliography
GONZÁLEZ ACOSTA, Alejandro. “Los herederos de Moctezuma”. Boletín Millares Carlo. ISSN 0211-2140, Nº. 20, 2001. Págs. 151-158.
ÁLVAREZ NOGAL, Carlos. “El Conde de Moctezuma en el Reino de Granada.” El reino de Granada y el Nuevo Mundo. V Congreso Internacional de Historia de América, mayo de 1992, Vol. 2, 1994. . Págs. 105-116.
Dukedoms of Spain
Moctezuma family
Mexican nobility
Titles of nobility in the Americas
Walter Joseph Stanky, born Walter Joseph Stankiewicz Jr. (February 24, 1911 – March 1978), was an American professional basketball player. They played in a number of amateurs, semi-professional, and professional basketball leagues during the 1930s and 1940s. In the National Basketball League, Stanky played for the Warren Penns, Cleveland White Horses, Detroit Eagles, and Oshkosh All-Stars and averaged 5.7 points per game for their career.
References
1911 births
1978 deaths
American men's basketball players
Basketball players from Pennsylvania
Centers (basketball)
Cleveland White Horses players
Detroit Eagles players
Elmira Colonels (basketball) players
Forwards (basketball)
Oshkosh All-Stars players
Sportspeople from Erie, Pennsylvania
Warren Penns players
The Leistchamm (2,101 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps, located east of Amden in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies at the western end of the range overlooking the Walensee, named Churfirsten.
References
External links
Leistchamm on Hikr
Mountains of the Alps
Mountains of the canton of St. Gallen
Appenzell Alps
Mountains of Switzerland
Södermanland County or Region Sörmland held a regional council election on 9 September 2018 across its nine municipalities. This was part of the 2018 Swedish regional elections and held on the same day as the municipal and general elections.
Results
The number of seats rose from 71 to 79. This meant that both the Social Democrats and the Moderates kept their seat numbers in spite of their vote and seat share falling sizeably. The Social Democrats fell the most, going from 33.3% to 28.7%. The local party Vård för pengarna ended up becoming the largest party in both coastal municipalities of Nyköping and Oxelösund. This was the first time any other party than the Social Democrats had topped the poll in Oxelösund in any election since the location's founding. Even so, commanding vote leads in the interior and in the largest town Eskilstuna led to the Social Democrats being the largest party. The Sweden Democrats gained 13.1% of the popular vote in a large numerical rise, rendering four parties gaining about 4/5 of the seats as the Green Party lost all their four seats.
Municipal results
Percentages
By votes
Images
References
2018
Södermanland
Brandon Voss is an American journalist and entertainment writer living in the United States.
They were a contributing editor for The Advocate, a national LGBT news magazine, interviewing celebrities for the regular "A-List" column, including George Clooney, Zac Efron, and Tina Fey. They also reviewed New York theater for the "Seat Filler" column on Advocate.com.
Voss was promoted to editor-in-chief of the New York-based LGBT weekly HX magazine in December 2006. They stepped down from the position in September 2008 after nearly four years with the now-defunct publication to pursue freelance writing opportunities.
Voss was the weekend and theater editor for Logo TV's website NewNowNext, interviewing celebrities for its monthly “Obsessed” column, including Tony Goldwyn, Regina King, and Marisa Tomei.  They are also a former editor of Next, DLNQNT, and Gay.net, and they have profiled personalities for Out, Billboard, and Essential Homme. As a contributing writer for Playbill, they have interviewed celebrities such as Paul Reubens, Nick Jonas, and Bette Midler.
Voss's 2008 "Big Gay Following" interview with Adrien Brody for The Advocate sparked mild controversy: While some readers felt the questions were inappropriate, others felt Brody lacked a sense of humor.
Chris Evans famously "outed" their younger brother, actor Scott Evans, in a January 2009 Advocate interview with Voss.
Voss's August 2008 interview with Lady Gaga for HX was the pop star's first cover story and first interview in which they publicly discussed their bisexuality.
After coming out publicly as gay in 2017, actor Haaz Sleiman criticized Voss for previously asking about their sexuality in a 2009 Advocate interview, recalling that they had not been prepared to answer personal questions. Voss apologized for the “unfortunate miscommunication” in a NewNowNext post, explaining, “When writing for LGBT publications, I respectfully interview LGBT people, straight people, and those who choose not to identify publicly. But because these celebrities are speaking to LGBT press, I do offer them an opportunity to identify if they so choose, with the end goal of celebrating and normalizing all sexual identities.”
Voss's firsthand account of Aretha Franklin's disruptive behavior as an audience member at The Color Purple on Broadway was reported by the New York Post's gossip site PageSix.com.
Voss is a member of GALECA, the Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics. They have been a repeat guest at the monthly artists' forum Dead Darlings in New York City.
Personal life
Voss is from New Orleans, LA. They were born on February 16, 1978. They graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in theater from Tulane University, where they performed in various stage productions.
Voss is sometimes mistaken for the Werq the World party promoter who shares the same name.
References
American male journalists
American magazine editors
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
LGBT writers from the United States
Living people
LGBT journalists from the United States
Tulane University alumni
21st-century LGBT people
The 2017–18 season was Genoa Cricket and Football Club's eleventh consecutive season in Serie A. Having finished 16th the previous season, the club managed to improve on its league position, finishing 12th in Serie A, while they were eliminated in the Coppa Italia by eventual champions Juventus.
Players
Squad information
Transfers
In
Loans in
Out
Loans out
Pre-season and friendlies
Competitions
Serie A
League table
Results summary
Results by round
Matches
Coppa Italia
Statistics
Appearances and goals
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards
|-
! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season
Goalscorers
Last updated: 20 May 2018
Clean sheets
Last updated: 20 May 2018
Disciplinary record
Last updated: 20 May 2018
References
Genoa C.F.C. seasons
Genoa
The Alden, Babcock and Calvert Apartments, also known as the Warner Apartments, are three adjoining historic apartment buildings located at 2620-A, 2520-B and 2620-C, respectively, on 13th St., NW, in the Columbia Heights neighborhood of Washington, D.C. They were designed and built in 1904 by Edgar S. Kennedy and Isaac N Davis of Kennedy and Davis in the redbrick Colonial Revival-style of architecture.
On May 25, 1990, they were added to the National Register of Historic Places.
References
Columbia Heights, Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Colonial Revival architecture in Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings completed in 1904
Apartment buildings in Washington, D.C.
The Motorola Envoy Personal Wireless Communicator was a personal digital assistant initially slated for release by Motorola in summer 1994 but delayed and then available for public sale in February 1995. It was built to run General Magic's Magic CAP operating system, and it combined wireless, telephone, and infrared modems in a single PDA package. Andy Rubin led development of the Motorola Envoy.
Motorola reused the name for multiple products. It is also a UHF tone and vibrate paging receiver produced in the mid-1980s that responded to two-tone sequential encoding, including GE type 99, Quick Call II & 1+1, REACH* and 5-Tone Sequential.
References
Envoy
Personal digital assistants
Trials, Troubles, Tribulations is a popular American bluegrass gospel song written by Estil C. Ball. It was originally entitled simply "Tribulations" and was recorded in 1959.
The song is the most famous composition written by E.C. Ball. The lyrics were based, as Ball told Alan Lomax in 1959, "on the last book in the Bible: Revelations [sic]." Original versions of Ball's song are featured on “White Spirituals”; “Sounds of the South”; and volume five in the Southern Journey series, “Deep South… Sacred and Sinful,” 1960 (Prestige). The song was reissued on “Southern Journey #6: Sheep, Sheep, Don'cha Know the Road” in the Alan Lomax Collection CD series, 1997 (Rounder). It is currently in print on “E.C. Ball and Orna: Through the Years” (Copper Creek) and "I'm Gonna Live Anyhow Until I Die," volume 5 in the "Alan Lomax's Southern Journey, 1959–1960" series (Mississippi Records / Global Jukebox).
The song has been frequently performed by other musicians, such as Andrew Bird as "Trials, Troubles, Tribulations." Most recently, the song appears on Valerie June's 2013 release, Pushin' Against a Stone.
References
American folk songs
1959 songs
Peter Joseph D'Alonzo (May 26, 1929 – December 27, 2001) was an American football fullback who played two seasons with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). They were drafted by the Lions in the fourth round of the 1951 NFL Draft. They played college football at Villanova University and attended Orange High School in Orange, New Jersey.
References
External links
Just Sports Stats
1929 births
2001 deaths
Orange High School (New Jersey) alumni
Players of American football from New Jersey
American football fullbacks
Villanova Wildcats football players
Detroit Lions players
People from Orange, New Jersey
Sportspeople from Essex County, New Jersey
Ryan Felix (born June 21, 1993) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender.
Club career
Felix began their professional career at FC Tucson at age 19.
They played two seasons at the Orange County Blues, as a center back and a holding midfielder. Felix was expected to shine at their new club, but only got half the game time expected and things didn't go as planned.
In 2017, Felix played 33 matches with the Rochester Rhinos, scoring one goal. They left the club the following season and went to San Antonio, where they played 16 matches in 2018.
For the 2019 season, Felix signed for the Rowdies. They made a total of one appearance, which was as a substitute.
References
External links
USL Pro profile
1993 births
Living people
Soccer players from Los Angeles
Loyola Marymount Lions men's soccer players
FC Tucson players
Orange County SC players
Rochester New York FC players
San Antonio FC players
Tampa Bay Rowdies players
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
Association football defenders
American soccer players
Bonnie Bird Theatre is the 300-seat main performing venue of the Laban Dance Centre of the Trinity Laban Conservatoire of Music and Dance in London, England.
The Laban Centre was erected in 2002, designed by winners of the Pritzker Architecture Prize, Jacques Herzog and Pierre de Meuron. The building and its theatre are located in Deptford Creek, near Greenwich in east London. The theatre is named for Bonnie Bird, the pioneering American modern dancer and dance educator who with Marion North instituted the first academic degrees in dance in the United Kingdom at Laban.
The theatre was used in the music video for 'Ingenue' by Atoms for Peace, featuring frontman Thom Yorke with dancer Fukiko Takase.
References
2002 establishments in England
Theatres completed in 2002
Theatres in the Royal Borough of Greenwich
Medrese of Mehmet Şakir Paşa, also known as Madrasa of Mustafapaşa is a 19th-century madrasa, an Islamic educational institute, in Nevşehir Province, central Turkey. It is also known as a caravanserai.
The madrasa is in Mustafapaşa, formerly Sinasos, in Ürgüp ilçe (district) of Nevşehir Province at .
It was built in 1890 by Mehmet Şakir Pasha in the town center. The building was also used as an imaret, a public soup kitchen, and during the Republican era, it was used as carpet market. It was restored in 1982. Currently, it houses a part of Kapodokya Undergraduate School.
It is a U-plan building. There is a seven-line inscription on the main gate. The students' quarters are behind the arched portico.
References
History of Nevşehir Province
Buildings and structures in Nevşehir Province
Madrasas in Turkey
School buildings completed in 1890
Ürgüp
National Highway 7 or National Road No.7 (10007) () is one of the national highways of Cambodia. With a length of 509.17 km it connects Skuon with Trapeang Kreal, international border checkpoint with Laos. It is part of Asian Highway Network and of the connection by road between Phnom Penh and Vientiane, joining Route 13 in Laos leading north along the Mekong to Luang Prabang.
In November 2004 it was announced that the reconstruction of the road, assisted by the Chinese government, would be partly rebuilt by China's Shanghai Construction Group.
The public work, costing totally about US$80 million, was officially inaugurated on 29 April 2008.
References
Roads in Cambodia
Ronald Henry Gould (born September 15, 1965) is an American football coach and former player.  They are currently the running backs coach for the Stanford Cardinal football team. Prior to this position, they were the former football head coach at the University of California, Davis (UC Davis), a position they assumed in December 2012. Gould was previously an assistant coach at the University of California, Berkeley. They spent sixteen seasons at Cal, all as running backs coach from 1997 to 2012 under head coaches Tom Holmoe and Jeff Tedford.
Coaching career
UC Davis
On December 17, 2012, Gould was named the football head coach at UC Davis. They were released early from their five-year contract on November 21, 2016.
Head coaching record
References
External links
Stanford profile
1965 births
Living people
African-American coaches of American football
African-American players of American football
American football defensive backs
Boise State Broncos football coaches
California Golden Bears football coaches
Oregon Ducks football coaches
Oregon Ducks football players
Players of American football from Tucson, Arizona
Portland State Vikings football coaches
Scottsdale Fighting Artichokes football players
UC Davis Aggies football coaches
Wichita State Shockers football players
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American sportspeople
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
The yakatat is a type of bowed string instrument native to Alaska, described by ethnomusicologist Daniel Brinton.
References
Bowed string instruments
Inuit musical instruments
John Exter (September 17, 1910 – February 28, 2006) was an American economist, member of the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System, and founder of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka.  They are also known for creating Exter's Pyramid.
Life and career
Exter was born in 1910 and graduated from the College of Wooster (1928–1932). They then went to the Fletcher School of Law & Diplomacy and in 1939, to Harvard University for graduate work in economics because of their interest in understanding the causes of the Great Depression.
After a stint at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology during World War II, Exter joined the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as an economist. In 1948 they served first as adviser to the Secretary of Finance of the Philippines and then to the Minister of Finance of Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) on the establishment of central banks.
Between 1950 and 1953, Exter was the founder governor of the Central Bank of Ceylon. In 1953, they became the division chief for the Middle East at the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development. In 1954, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York appointed them vice president in charge of international banking and precious metals operations.
Exter left the New York Fed in 1959 to join First National City Bank (then the world's second largest bank) as a vice president. The next year they were promoted to senior vice president. As an international monetary adviser for the bank's International Banking Group they had special responsibilities for relations with foreign central banks and governments. In 1972 they took early retirement to become a private consultant.
Exter was a member of the Council on Foreign Relations, the Committee for Monetary Research & Education, the Mont Pelerin Society, and the Pilgrims of the United States.
They and their wife Marion had four children.
Exter's Pyramid
Exter is known for creating Exter's Pyramid (also known as Exter's Golden Pyramid and Exter's Inverted Pyramid) for visualizing the organization of asset classes in terms of risk and size. In Exter's scheme, gold forms the small base of most reliable value, and asset classes on progressively higher levels are more risky. The larger size of asset classes at higher levels is representative of the higher total worldwide notional value of those assets. While Exter's original pyramid placed Third World debt at the top, today derivatives hold this dubious honor.
References
Interview with Janet Exter Butler, daughter of John Exter
External links
Systemic Fiat Currency Risk & John Exter's Golden Triangle October 18, 2002, Jay Taylor
1910 births
2006 deaths
20th-century American economists
American expatriates in Sri Lanka
American officials of the United Nations
The Fletcher School at Tufts University alumni
Governors of the Central Bank of Sri Lanka
Harvard Graduate School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology faculty
World Bank people
College of Wooster alumni
A Reference Card or "Romer" is a device for increasing the accuracy when reading a grid reference from a map. Made from transparent plastic, paper or other materials, they are also found on most baseplate compasses. Essentially, it is a specially marked-out ruler which matches the scale of the map in use. The scales are laid out in reverse, such that by lining up the numbers given in the grid reference with the gridlines for the square in question, the corner of the Romer lies on the location whose grid reference you wish to read. Some transparent versions have a small hole at the origin when this is not at the corner of the Reference Card. This allows access to the map such that the location could be marked with a pencil if using the Reference Card in reverse having been given a grid reference to start with. They are used in many types of land navigation and map reading, to give a more accurate grid reference than one just estimated by eye from the grid lines on the map.
While Romers of various designs are available commercially, they can easily be made yourself; by hand, by using a computer or by finding a website with instructions.
Invented in 1915 by Temporary Lieutenant (later Captain) Carrol Romer, MC, RE (1883-1951), then “Maps”, First Army: i.e. OC Maps and Printing Section, such Reference Cards were widely used by the British Army in WW1 and after, being described in a Maps GHQ booklet Maps and Artillery Boards in December 1916: the name "Romer" seems only to have been used officially from 1929.
A version was later developed for car navigational rallies by car rally partners Eric Gardner and John Cridford during the early 1950s, the 'Garford Romer' was available for both Imperial and Metric OS maps and is still sold today. Although a registered design when it was first made and sold it was and still is much copied.
The illustration shows how the Romer is used. Here, we are plotting the reference 696018. The marks corresponding to (6, 8) on the Romer are lined up along the gridlines (69, 01). The hole near the corner yields the exact point, the church at Little Plumpton.
Protractor
References
Cartography
Navigation
Road rallying
The Union of Republican Forces (, UFR) is a liberal political party in Guinea.
Founded in 1992, the party has been led since 1999 by the former Prime Minister of Guinea Sidya Touré. The party supported the 2007 general strike.
Touré finished in third place in both the 2010 and 2015 presidential elections, with vote shares of 15.6% and 6.0%, respectively.
References
External links
Official website
Political parties established in 1992
Political parties in Guinea
Liberal International
Liberal parties in Africa
Daniel Sánchez (born 29 July 1968) is a Puerto Rican former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
Olympic wrestlers of Puerto Rico
Wrestlers at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Puerto Rican male sport wrestlers
Place of birth missing (living people)
American sportsmen
Silver Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the Skagit River Valley just south of Hope and comprising 77 ha.
References
Canadian Cascades
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Lower Mainland
Protected areas established in 1964
1964 establishments in British Columbia
Suleimane Baio (born 12 August 1983 in Conakry, Guinea) is a Guinean-born Bissau-Guinean footballer who played for a number of teams including Spain's CD Numancia.
Career
Spain
New to the Segunda División's CD Numancia for 2006/07, Baio was said to not have been disciplined and eager to learn at Los Numantinos, fielded four times and hitting the crossbar once despite a hat-trick at the friendly Torneo Triangular de Miranda 2006. Axed from Numancia at the finish of the season, they resorted to UD Villa de Santa Brígida but was dropped winter 2007.
Albania
Slotting two goals in a 2-1 friendly success over Olimpiku Tiranë which captivated the staff while on trial in 2012, the Guinean continued to be inspected but the opportunity fell through.
Luxembourg
Committing to Munsbach from US Mondorf-les-Bains at the end of the first half of 2014/15, the midfielder snatched five goals hosting Weiler late 2015 at the Luxembourg Cup.
References
External links
at National-Football-Teams
at Soccerway
FC Munsbach Profile
Association football forwards
Bissau-Guinean expatriate footballers
1983 births
Living people
Bissau-Guinean emigrants to Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Cyprus
Expatriate footballers in Albania
F.C. Tirsense players
Kavala F.C. players
FK Kukësi players
Académico de Viseu F.C. players
Association football wingers
Bissau-Guinean footballers
Sportspeople from Conakry
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Alki Larnaca FC players
Cypriot Second Division players
Expatriate footballers in Luxembourg
CD Numancia players
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Association football midfielders
US Mondorf-les-Bains players
CS Grevenmacher players
Guinea-Bissau international footballers
Risoba becki is a species of moth of the family Nolidae. It is found in Sumatra.
References
Kobes,2006. Risobinae of Sumatra (Lepidoptera, Noctuidae, Risobinae). Heterocera Sumatrana Vol.12, fasc. 6
Nolidae
Moths of Sumatra
Moths described in 2006
The Cambodia national rugby union team, nicknamed the Koupreys, represents Cambodia in the sport of rugby union. The national team is administered by the Rugby union in Cambodia, which is part of the Asian Rugby Football Union and an associate member of the International Rugby Board.
The Koupreys currently compete in Division IV of the annual Asian Five Nations. Cambodia has yet to make their debut at the Rugby World Cup.
References
External links
Rugby Rising in popularity in Cambodia.
Cambodia on IRB.com
Cambodia on rugbydata.com
Rugby Cambodia
Asian national rugby union teams
Rugby union in Cambodia
National sports teams of Cambodia
Right-wing extremist attacks in Berlin-Neukölln have been occurring since May 2016. The threats and attacks target liberal and left-wing citizens and institutions. The incidents were dismissed as inconsequential, but it seems like they were systematically committed. From 2016 to 2018, 51 attacks were perpetrated.
Background
Neukölln, a district of Berlin is considered multicultural. According to the Berlin constitution protection, right-wing groups in Neukölln are "relatively well-structured." A National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) district association is active in the district as well as members of the Network of Free Nationalistic Forces. The network was deliberately not a well-organized group, so the investigation and a possible ban would be difficult.
The attacks affected district politicians of the left and the Social Democratic Party (SPD), trade unionists, a bookseller, artists and people helping refugees. The aim of this "anti-antifa work" is to scare people, to intimidate them and to dissuade them from their political work.
Right-wing extremists had carried out a series of attacks in 2011, 2012 and 2013. They were also directed against people who engaged against the right in Neukölln.
Attacks
On 15 May, 2016, there is an attempted arson on the linksqueeren Wagenplatz "channel".
On 8 July 2016, an arson attack on a car in the northern part of neukölln is committed, which was covered with left and anti-l stickers.
On 27 December 2016, the name of a person was sprayed on a house facade in Neukölln and behind it "= Red bastard!"
On 3 May 2017, there had been an arson attack on the car of a Neukölln refugee worker.
On 30 January 2018, an arson attack on the car of the leftist politician Ferat Kocak was committed.
That same night, the car of the bookseller Heinz Ostermann was lit. It was the third stop directed against Ostermann.
On the weekend of 20.-21. In March, several death threats were sprayed in residential buildings in Neukölln. "9 mm for ..." was written in red on two walls, followed by the names of the threatened. In two other cases, people with common names were offended this way. The victims were committed citizens, including an employee of the Mobile Consultation Against Right-Wing Extremism Berlin (MBR).
Response to attacks
Roughly 800 people marched in Neukölln on 21 December 2019 to protest against neo-Nazis and highlight the rising number of hate crimes and lack of prevention. The march included several leftist and anti-fascist groups with the motto "No place for Nazis from Hermannplatz to Neukölln Town Hall."
References
2016 in Germany
2017 in Germany
Political history of Germany
Politics of Berlin
The Forbidden Marriage () is an upcoming South Korean television series starring Park Ju-hyun, Kim Young-dae and Kim Woo-seok. It is based on screenwriter Chun Ji-hye's own web novel of the same title, which was also released as a webtoon. It is scheduled for release on MBC TV in the second half of 2022.
Synopsis
The series follows the story of King Lee Heon who has issued a marriage ban in Joseon after the death of their crown princess seven years ago, and scammer So-rang who claims that they can be possessed by the late crown princess's spirit.
Cast
Main
Park Ju-hyun as So-rang
Kim Young-dae as Lee Heon
Kim Woo-seok as Lee Shin-won
Supporting
Kim Min-ju as Ahn Ja-yeon
Hwang Jung-min as a court lady
as Jung Do-seok
Lee Jung-hyun as Oh Deok-hoon
Jung Bo-min as Hae-young
Yoon Jeong-hun as Ja Chun-seok
Park Sun-young as Seo Un-jeong
References
External links
Korean-language television shows
MBC TV television dramas
Television shows based on South Korean novels
Television series by Bon Factory Worldwide
South Korean historical television series
South Korean romantic comedy television series
Television series set in the Joseon Dynasty
2022 South Korean television series debuts
Upcoming television series
The Austria national women's cricket team is the team that represents Austria in international women's cricket. In April 2018, the International Cricket Council (ICC) granted full Women's Twenty20 International (WT20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Austria women and other ICC members since 1 July 2018 have been a full WT20I.
The team played its first WT20I matches at the 2019 France Women's T20I Quadrangular Series, in July and August 2019, in Nantes.
Squad
Austria's squad for their series against Italy in August 2021:
Gandhali Bapat (c) (wk)
Valentina Avdylaj
Harjivan Bhullar
Soujanya Bangalore Chamundaiah
Harjot Dhaliwal
Sylvia Kailath
Anisha Nookala
Mahadewa Pathirannehelage
Sriya Komati Reddy
Priya Sabu
Ashmaan Saifee
Jo-Antoinette Stiglitz
Büsra Uca
Andrea-Mae Zepeda
Records and statistics
International Match Summary — Austria Women
Last updated 20 August 2022
Twenty20 International
T20I record versus other nations
Records complete to WT20I #1198. Last updated 20 August 2022.
See also
Austria national cricket team
List of Austria women Twenty20 International cricketers
References
Women
Women's cricket in Austria
Women's national cricket teams
Manuscript Society is a senior society at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut. Toward the end of each academic year 16 rising seniors are inducted into the society, which meets twice weekly for dinner and discussion. Manuscript is reputedly the "Arts and letters" society at Yale.
History and traditions
Founded in 1952, Manuscript was Yale's seventh "landed" senior society; that is, its alumni trust owns the society's meeting place or "tomb". Manuscript was one of the first of the senior societies to offer membership to rising female Yale College seniors.
Each delegation is selected by consensus among Manuscript alumni, trustees, current delegates and significant others, unlike other Yale societies where undergraduate members more freely select, recruit, and initiate their society's next delegation.
The Wrexham Foundation is the society's alumni arm. Since 1956, the foundation has underwritten a scholarship in the humanities for a "senior who shall be judged to have written the best senior essay in the field of the humanities." Administered by Yale, it is given in memory of Wallace Notestein, M.A. 1903, Ph.D. 1908, Litt.D. 1951.
Manuscript briefly played host to the 1991-92 classes of Skull and Bones, who were temporarily locked out of their own tomb by alumni who objected to its undergraduates' decision to offer membership to women.
It holds the number 344 to be sacred. The Society supposedly holds Enlightenment ideals, and the sun and sunflowers are both important symbols to members. From its beginning the society also retained close connections with campus literary society Chi Delta Theta, which itself had been formed in 1821.
The society holds an annual gathering in its tomb on Halloween. A Manuscript event is described in the novel Joe College by Tom Perrotta.
Manuscript is part of a four-society "Consortium" with the Aurelian Honor Society, Book and Snake and Berzelius.
Architecture
Designed by King-lui Wu, Manuscript's tomb is mid-century modern, unusual amid other societies' elaborate mid-to-late-19th century buildings. It appears from the outside to have only one level, yet conceals several subterranean floors. The tomb holds a vast collection of notable modern and contemporary art. The Yale University Art Gallery is said to have temporarily stored pieces there. Wu said that they designed the building "for privacy, not for secrecy." Dan Kiley was responsible for landscaping and Josef Albers for the brickwork intaglio mural.
Notable members
See also
Collegiate secret societies in North America
References
Sources
Robbins, Alexandra. Secrets of the Tomb: Skull and Bones, the Ivy League, and the Hidden Paths of Power. (Back Bay Books : 2003).
Architectural Record, November 1965. "Ingenious Use of a Narrow Site".
1952 establishments in Connecticut
Secret societies at Yale
Student organizations established in 1952
Gavril Maghiar (born 10 December 1926 – 2005) was a Romanian former sports shooter. They competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics. They finished in 6th place in the rapid fire pistol event at the 1960 Olympics, and in 3rd place at the European Championships. They were one of the 6 emeritus coaches of Dinamo Sports Club in Bucharest, for sports shooting
References
External links
1926 births
2005 deaths
Romanian male sport shooters
Olympic shooters of Romania
Shooters at the 1960 Summer Olympics
Shooters at the 1964 Summer Olympics
People from Bihor County
Stillwater is an unincorporated community in King County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Stillwater was established in 1910, and remained in operation until 1925. The community was named after Stillwater, Minnesota, the native home of a large share of local loggers.
References
External links
Stillwater Elementary School
Unincorporated communities in King County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
The 1995 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations was the sixth edition of the Afro-Asian Cup of Nations, it was contested between Uzbekistan, winners of the 1994 Asian Games, and Nigeria, winners of the 1994 African Cup of Nations. Nigeria won 4–2 on aggregate.
Qualified teams
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Winners
Nigeria won 4–2 on aggregates.
References
External links
1995 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - rsssf.com
1995 Afro-Asian Cup of Nations - goalzz.com
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Afro-Asian Cup of Nations
Mer
Mer
1995–96 in Nigerian football
1995 in Uzbekistani football
Uzbekistan national football team matches
Nigeria national football team matches
International association football competitions hosted by Uzbekistan
International association football competitions hosted by Nigeria
October 1995 sports events in Asia
November 1995 sports events in Africa
Ballintober North (), also called Ballintober East, is a barony in County Roscommon, Republic of Ireland.
Etymology
Ballintober North is named after Ballintober town, which it does not actually contain. That town is located in Castlereagh barony.
Geography
Ballintober North is located in the northeast of County Roscommon, bounded by the River Shannon to the east, an area with many lakes including Lough Boderg and Kilglass Lough.
History
This area was the ancient kingdom of Baghna, ruled by the Ó Fiannaigh (Feeney) tribe. After them, the Hanleys (Ó hAinle) were the landlords of the area before losing their land in the mid-17th century.
Its northern extreme was the plain of Caradh (modern Carranadoe), referred to in the topographical poem Tuilleadh feasa ar Éirinn óigh (Giolla na Naomh Ó hUidhrín, d. 1420).
It was originally a single barony with Ballintober South; they were separated by 1841.
Wealthy landowning families in the 19th century were the Kings of Charlestown House, the Waldrons and the Goffs.
List of settlements
Below is a list of settlements in Ballintober North:
Roosky
Tarmonbarry
References
Baronies of County Roscommon
Joseph Jacobson (born June 28, 1965 in Newton, Massachusetts), is a tenured professor and head of the Molecular Machines group at the Center for Bits and Atoms at the MIT Media Lab, and is one of the inventors of microencapsulated electrophoretic display (known as E Ink) commonly used in electronic devices such as e-readers.  They are the founder of several companies including E Ink Corporation, Gen9, Inc., and Kovio, is on the scientific board of several more companies (such as Epitome Biosystems).
Education and career
Jacobson received an Sc.B. in physics at Brown University and a Ph.D. in physics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. They were a postdoctoral research associate at Stanford University in experimental and theoretical nonlinear non-local quantum systems. While at Stanford, they set the world record for the shortest pulse ever generated by a laser (in optical cycles).
Jacobson first had the idea for the e-book in 1993, while working on their postdoctoral research in quantum mechanics.
In 1997, Jacobson along with JD Albert, Barrett Comiskey, Russ Wilcox and Jerome Rubin founded E Ink Corporation.
In 1999, MIT's Technology Review named Jacobson as one of the TR100, one of the most influential inventors under the age of 35. They invented nanoparticle–based ink that can print on a flexible computer processor using an inkjet printer. They received the 2000 Gutenberg prize. In 2001, they received a Discovery magazine award for technological innovation. In 2002, they received a National Inventors Hall of Fame Collegiate Inventors Award. In 2013 Jacobson received the Wilhelm Exner Medal. On 5 May 2016, Jacobson was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame for their work in developing E Ink.
References
1965 births
21st-century American physicists
Brown University alumni
Stanford University people
MIT School of Architecture and Planning faculty
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
MIT Media Lab people
MIT Department of Physics alumni
Iano Simão da Silva Imbeni (born 2 February 1999) is a Bissau-Guinean football player. They play for Spanish club Deportivo Fabril.
International career
They made their debut for Guinea-Bissau national football team on 15 November 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Sudan.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Bissau-Guinean footballers
Guinea-Bissau international footballers
Association football forwards
A.D. Os Limianos players
C.D.C. Montalegre players
Deportivo Fabril players
Campeonato de Portugal (league) players
Tercera Federación players
Bissau-Guinean expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Bissau-Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Spain
Bissau-Guinean expatriate sportspeople in Spain
Dobryłów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruda-Huta, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately north-east of Chełm and east of the regional capital Lublin.
References
Villages in Chełm County
São João da Paraúna is a municipality in western Goiás state, Brazil.
Location
São João is located west of Goiânia, 36 km. north of Paraúna.
Highway connections from Goiânia: state highway BR-069 west from Goiânia, through Trindade, Santa Bárbara de Goiás, Firminópolis, and then GO-164 for 32 kilometers south.
Neighboring municipalities: Aurilândia, Paraúna, Palminópolis, Jandaia, Acreúna.(Firminopolis),(São Luis dos Montes Belos)
Political information
Mayor: Claudivino Ferreira da Silva (January 2005)
City council: 09 members
Eligible voters: 1,687 (December/2007)
Demographic information
Population density: 5.56 inhabitants/km2 (2007)
Urban population: 1,212 (2007)
Rural population: 487 (2007)
Population growth: a gain of about 300 people since 1980
Economic information
The economy is based on subsistence agriculture, cattle raising, services, public administration, and small transformation industries.
Industrial units: 1 (2007)
Commercial units: 17 (2007)
Dairy: Laticínios MB Ltda (22/05/2006)
Motor vehicles: 200 (2007), which gave a ratio of 8.5 inhabitants for each motor vehicle. (motorcycles and motorbikes not counted)
Cattle herd: 30,500 head (5,190 milk cows) (2006)
Main crops (2006): cotton, rice, beans, manioc, corn (1,340 hectares), and soybeans (2,900 hectares).
Data are from Sepin
Education (2006)
Schools: 2
Students: 453
Higher education: none
Adult literacy rate: 87.1% (2000) (national average was 86.4%)
Health (2003)
Hospitals: 0
Hospital beds: 0
Ambulatory clinics: 2
Infant mortality rate: 13.70 (2000) (national average was 33.0)
Municipal Human Development Index
Life expectancy: 73.5
School attendance rate: 0.837
MHDI: 0.779
State ranking: 34 (out of 242 municipalities in 2000)
National ranking: 1,093 (out of 5,507 municipalities in 2000)
Data are from 2000
For the complete list see Frigoletto.com
See also
List of municipalities in Goiás
References
Frigoletto
Municipalities in Goiás
Nigerian singer Mr 2Kay has released several singles and music videos.
As lead artist
Music videos
Studio albums
Extended plays
References
Discographies of Nigerian artists
The 333rd Radio-Technical Regiment (; Military Unit Number 17646) is a radar regiment of the Russian Aerospace Forces.
Formed in 1951 as the 16th Radio-Technical Regiment, it was expanded into the 46th Radio-Technical Brigade in 1966. The brigade provided radar capability to the 6th Independent Air Defense Army and then the 54th Air Defense Corps for the air defense of Leningrad, based at Khvoyny. In 2009 it was reorganized as the 333rd Radio-Technical Regiment.
History
The regiment traces its lineage back to the 47th Separate Battalion of the VNOS (Air Observation, Warning, and Communications Service), formed at Stary Petergof as part of the Leningrad air defense system in November and December 1940. The battalion helped defend Leningrad during the siege of the city in World War II, and in the early postwar years became a radio-technical unit. In 1951, the 16th Radio-Technical Regiment was formed from the 32nd, 47th, and 57th Radio-Technical Battalions of the VNOS. In the fall of 1952 the regimental headquarters was moved to Gorelovo.
In the fall of 1966, the regiment was expanded into the 46th Radio-Technical Brigade, which included units formerly part of the 2nd Radio-Technical Regiment at Gromovo. In the spring of 1967, the brigade relocated to Khvoyny, providing radar capabilities to the 6th Independent Air Defense Army. In 1986, it became part of the 54th Air Defense Corps.
In 2009, the 46th Brigade became the 333rd Radio-Technical Regiment as part of the reform of the Russian Armed Forces. At the same time, the 54th Corps was converted into the 2nd Air Defense Brigade as part of the reform of the Russian Air Forces, and became part of the 1st Air and Air Defense Forces Command. The regiment became part of the 2nd Aerospace Defense Brigade in 2013 and the 2nd Red Banner Air Defense Division in 2014 when the brigade was reorganized. In 2015 the division became part of the 6th Air and Air Defense Forces Army when the latter was reformed. In November 2016, a conscript assigned to the regiment departed unauthorized without their weapon.
References
Citations
Bibliography
Regiments of the Russian Air Forces
Military units and formations established in 2009
Nokia E51 is a Symbian OS smartphone by Nokia announced on 18 September 2007 as the replacement of the Nokia E50 in the business-focused Eseries line. It was the second Nokia UMTS / HSDPA dual band device. The phone was available with a black, silver or bronze-coloured border and backplate. It has a slim body made of stainless steel (12 mm thick, 100 g weight), and was the smallest Nokia smartphone of the time, yet is still technologically capable like other S60 devices of the time. A version without the integrated camera also existed. The E51 was highly acclaimed and was succeeded by the Nokia E52.
Specifications sheet
See also
Smartphone
Nokia Eseries
References
External links
Nokia E51 - Nokia Europe product page
Nokia E51 - Device Details
Reviews, photos and videos
Nokia E51 - Review by Smape
Nokia E51 - Review by All About Symbian
Nokia E51 - Review by CNET Asia
Nokia E51 - Review by Mobile-review.com
Nokia E51 - Review by MobileBurn
Nokia E51 - Review by GSM Arena
Nokia E51 - Review by Phone Arena
Nokia E51 - Review by TrustedReviews
Nokia E51 - Review by Register Hardware
Nokia E51 - Video Review by The Smartphones Show
Mobile phones introduced in 2007
Nokia ESeries
Mobile phones with infrared transmitter
de:Nokia Eseries#Nokia E51
Liz Green is an English, Manchester-based, singer-songwriter. In 2007, Green won the Glastonbury Festival Emerging Talent competition. In 2011 they released their debut album, O, Devotion!
Discography
Albums
O, Devotion! – 14 November 2011, [PIAS]
Haul Away! – 14 April 2014, [PIAS]
Singles
"Bad Medicine" – 20 August 2007, Humble Soul
"Midnight Blues" – 2008, Humble Soul
"Displacement Song" – 22 August 2011, [PIAS]
"Bad Medicine" – 27 February 2012, [PIAS]
Compilations
The Abandoned Recordings – 2008
Shadow Play – 2010, Humble Soul
References
External links
Official website
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English women singer-songwriters
{{safesubst:#invoke:RfD|||month = September
|day = 29
|year = 2022
|time = 12:36
|timestamp = 20220929123629
|content=
REDIRECT Koopa Troopa
}}
The 1965 Copa Libertadores Finals was a football series between Argentine team Independiente and Uruguayan team Peñarol on 6 and 12 April of that same year. It was the sixth final of South America's most prestigious football competition, the Copa Libertadores.
After both teams won one match each, a playoff was played on 15 April, being won by Independiente by 4–1 at Estadio Nacional in Santiago de Chile. Therefore the Diablos Rojos won their 2nd Copa Libertadores title.
Qualified teams
Venues
Match details
First leg
Second leg
Playoff
References
1965
1
Club Atlético Independiente matches
Peñarol matches
1965 in Uruguayan football
1965 in Argentine football
April 1965 sports events in South America
Football in Avellaneda
Fennec is a large-scale, international, multi-institutional, multi-platform, observational, modelling and satellite climate program in the Saharan Heat Low region (southern Algeria, eastern Morocco, Northern Mauritania, Northern Mali and Northern Niger). The Saharan Heat Low is a key component of the West African Monsoon and is the location of the largest mineral aerosol loadings on the planet in the northern summer. The inhospitable, vast area of the Heat Low has virtually no routine meteorological observations. Knowledge of the key atmospheric processes in this important region is therefore very limited and this knowledge deficit results in reduced performance of both weather and climate prediction in and well beyond the north/west African region. The Fennec project is designed to address this knowledge deficit. It is the first major climate program in the central Sahara. The ideas for Fennec, which is a British, French and German initiative, grew out of the African Multidisciplinary Monsoon Analysis (AMMA). Fennec is the project name – it is not an acronym.
Fennec goals
Broad Fennec goals include:
A new and definitive data set for central Sahara from aircraft, ground, model and satellite observations
Characterisation of thermodynamic, dynamic and compositional structure of central Sahara's atmosphere
A quantitative assessment of weather prediction and climate model errors and how these can be reduced
The mechanisms of dust emission, transport and radiative forcing from the planet's largest summer source
Observational programme
The Fennec observational programme included ground sites at Bordj Badji Mokhtar in Algeria, Zouerat in Mauritania as well as 8 automatic weather stations located in the remote desert in both Algeria and Mauritania. The Bordj Badji Mokhtar station is in the remote Sahara on the Mali-Algerian border. In June 2011 an array of instrumentation designed to monitor the troposphere was set up at Bordj Badi Mokhtar. The instrumentation included Lidar, sodar, 4-8 radiosondes daily, a flux tower and aerosol sampling equipment (AERONET cimel sun photometer, nephelometer and filters). A reduced array of instruments was run on this site in June 2012. Similar equipment (sodar, flux tower, cimel photometer) ran at Zouerat in Mauritania in June 2011. Radiosondes were also released through June 2011 and June 2012 at higher frequency than the normal operational times at Tamanrasset, Tindouf and In Salah in Algeria.
Aircraft campaigns with the instrumented UK FAAM aircraft were conducted in April 2011, June 2011 and June 2012. The June 2011 campaign also included the instrumented French Falcon F20. Over 200 hours of science flights, many at low level (150 feet above the surface) were conducted as part of the Fennec campaign. The first in-situ data of the central Saharan atmosphere was captured and is currently being analysed.
Core Fennec institutions
University of Oxford (Lead Institution): Dust, aircraft and ground-based observations; contact: Professor Richard Washington (Fennec Principal Investigator)
University of Leeds: Dynamics, ground-based observations, dust, aircraft observations; contact: Professor Doug Parker
University of Sussex: Dust, ground-based observations, aircraft observations; contact: Professor Martin Todd
University of Reading: Radiation, aircraft; contact: Professor Ellie Highwood
Imperial College London: Earth Observation; contact Dr Helen Brindley
Fennec France: Aircraft, Dynamics, dust; contact: Dr Cyrille Flamant
Office National Meteorologie Algerie: ground-based observations; contact Azzedine Saci
Office National Meteorologie Mauritania: ground-based observations; contact Mohamed Bechir
Met Office: aircraft, numerical modelling and forecast products
Additional partners include: FAAM; SAFIRE; Paola Formenti (LISA); Vanderlei Martins (UMBC); DMN Maroc, contact Noureddine Filali; Harald Sodemann (ETH Zurich); Andreas Fink (ground-based obs in Morocco); Goran Pejanovic (SEEVCCC); Slobodan Nickovic (WMO)
The project was funded by the Natural Environmental Research Council and CNRS (France) with an additional contribution from ONM Algerie.
References
External links
project website
Documentary film on Fennec
Climatological research
College and university associations and consortia in the United Kingdom
Natural Environment Research Council
Organisations associated with the University of Oxford
University of Leeds
Air Mail is an album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall, and Fred Hopkins recorded for the Italian Black Saint label. The album consists of three compositions dedicated to the photographer Bobbie Kingsley, Ronnie Boykins, and Cecil Taylor & Jimmy Lyons.
Reception
The Penguin Guide to Jazz selected this album as part of its suggested Core Collection.
The Allmusic review by Ron Wynn awarded the album 4 stars, stating, "The Chicago trio Air was at a high point on this 1980 date".
Track listing
"B. K." (Steve McCall) – 8:55
"R. B." (Fred Hopkins) – 8:19
"C. T., J. L." (Henry Threadgill) – 18:27
Recorded at Right Track Studio, New York City on December 28, 1980
Personnel
Henry Threadgill – tenor saxophone, alto saxophone, flute, bass flute, hubkaphone
Fred Hopkins – bass
Steve McCall – drums, bells
References
1981 albums
Air (free jazz trio) albums
Black Saint/Soul Note albums
The Longwood Lancers softball team is the college softball team which represents Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. The school's team currently competes in the Big South Conference, having done so since the 2013 season. They have been led since 2020 by Megan Brown.
History
The softball team was first fielded in 1981. They were members of Division II through the 2004 season, when they (along with other Longwood Lancers teams) began a transition to Division I. They previously competed in the Division II Carolinas–Virginia Athletic Conference from 1996 through 2003; in their final two seasons in CVAC, they won the tournament championship, as well as the 2003 regular season championship, and competed in the NCAA Division II Softball Championship each year.
In their first season of membership in the Big South Conference, Longwood won the tournament championship. Two years later, they repeated the feat, in addition winning their first Big South regular season championship, and their first NCAA Division I Softball Championship victory, beating Virginia Tech. The following year, they again repeated as regular season and tournament champions; in the 2016 NCAA Tournament, the Lancers advanced to the regional finals, where they fell to James Madison.
Postseason
NCAA Division I tournament results
The Lancers have appeared in the NCAA Division I Softball Tournament four times. Their record is 5–10.
NCAA Division II tournament results
The Lancers appeared in the NCAA Division II Softball Championship twice, in 2002 and 2003. Their record is 2–4.
Coaches
Year-by-year results
References
The first USS Columbus was a ship in the Continental Navy. Built as a merchant ship at Philadelphia in 1774 as Sally, they were purchased from Willing, Morris & Co., for the Continental Navy in November 1775, Captain Abraham Whipple was given command.
Between 17 February and 8 April 1776, in company with the other ships of Commodore Esek Hopkins' squadron, Columbus took part in the expedition to New Providence, Bahamas, where the first Navy-Marine amphibious operation seized essential military supplies. On the return passage, the squadron captured the British schooner, Hawk, on 4 April, and brig Bolton on the 5th. On 6 April the squadron engaged . After three hours the action was broken off and Glasgow escaped, leaving their tender to be captured. Later in 1776 Columbus cruised off the New England coast taking five prizes.
Chased ashore on Point Judith, Rhode Island, 27 March 1778 by a British squadron, Columbus was stripped of their sails, most of their rigging, and other usable material by their crew before being abandoned. They were burned by the enemy.
Sources
Ships of the Continental Navy
Ships built in Philadelphia
Maritime incidents in 1778
Nagatani Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 94.8 km2. The dam impounds about 33 ha of land when full and can store 4920 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1978 and completed in 1993.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1993 establishments in Japan
Voulgaris, also transliterated as Bulgaris, is a Greek surname meaning Bulgarian. Per Stefanos Voulgaris, who printed in 2016 the "Family chronicles the Voulgaris family" (of Corfu), a genealogical book written in Venetian Corfu, which cites a 15th-century testament of Stefanos Voulgaris claiming that the founding fathers of the family were Stefan Eleazar and Tervel, who were "kings of the Triballi". In this family chronicles the author claims Bulgarian royal roots and connects the roots of the "Voulgaris family of Saint Spyridon of Corfu" to the "barbarian peoples" from the Volga river, who "finally settled in Moesia near the Haemus mountains". After all, in their escape to the southwest, it was the Serbian despot Stefan Lazarevic (Stefan Eliazar) who was singled out as the founder of the Bulgari family from Corfu. Through the Peloponnese, they headed to Morea and from there settled on the Ottoman-free Ionian island.
The author Stefanos Voulgaris has claimed that their family tree is well-traced and that the Voulgaris family of Corfu is unrelated to the Voulgaris family of the founder of Bulgari company, Sotirios Voulgaris.
Notable people with the surname include:
From the Voulgaris family of Corfu (el) ()
(1634–after 1684), Greek theologian and physician
, 17th-century Greek writer, brother of the former
Eugenios Voulgaris (1716–1806), Greek Orthodox educator and Eastern Orthodox bishop
Stamatis Voulgaris (1774–1842), Green urban planner
From the Voulgaris family of Epirus of Aromanian origin
Sotirios Voulgaris (1857–1932), Greek jeweller, founder of the Bulgari company
From the Voulgaris family of Hydra (el) ()
Dimitrios Voulgaris (1802–1878), Greek revolutionary and Prime Minister of Greece
Petros Voulgaris (1884–1957), Greek admiral and Prime Minister of Greece
Other people named Voulgaris
(1836–1887), Greek stage actor
Pantelis Voulgaris (born 1940), Greek film director and screenwriter
Haralabos Voulgaris (born c. 1975), Canadian professional gambler
References
Greek-language surnames
Surnames
Ethonymic surnames
Cristina Dogaru-Cucuian (born 28 December 1971) is a Romanian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Romanian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Romania
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Râmnicu Vâlcea
Chikuyu is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 7,118 people in the ward, from 6,487 in 2012.
References
Wards of Singida Region
This is a list of ecoregions of New Zealand as defined by the World Wide Fund for Nature.
Tropical and subtropical moist broadleaf forests
Kermadec Islands subtropical moist forests
Temperate broadleaf and mixed forests
Chatham Islands temperate forests
Fiordland temperate forests
Nelson Coast temperate forests
North Island temperate forests
Northland temperate kauri forests
Rakiura Island temperate forests
Richmond temperate forests
Southland temperate forests
Westland temperate forests
Temperate grasslands, savannas, and shrublands
Canterbury–Otago tussock grasslands
Montane grasslands and shrublands
Southland montane grasslands
Tundra
Antipodes Subantarctic Islands tundra
New Zealand
Ecoregions
Ecoregions
A British Overseas citizen (BOC) is a holder of a residual class of British nationality, largely held by people connected with former British colonies who do not have close ties to the United Kingdom or its remaining overseas territories. Individuals with this form of nationality are British nationals and Commonwealth citizens, but not British citizens. BOCs are subject to immigration control when entering the United Kingdom and do not have the automatic right of abode there or in any British overseas territory.
This nationality gives its holders a limited set of rights when they are resident in the United Kingdom, conferring eligibility to vote, to obtain citizenship under a simplified process, and to serve in public office or non-reserved government positions. About 10,000 BOCs currently hold active British passports with this status and enjoy consular protection when travelling abroad. However, BOCs who do not have the right to live in the UK and have no other citizenship are effectively stateless as they are not guaranteed the right to enter the country of which they are nationals.
Background
From 1949 to 1983, all citizens of the British Empire held a common nationality. Citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies (CUKCs) initially held an automatic right to enter and live in the UK. This entitlement was given to all British subjects, which included CUKCs and citizens of independent countries in the Commonwealth of Nations, as part of a wider initiative to preserve close relationships with white-majority Dominions and colonies (Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, and Southern Rhodesia) and moderate nationalist attitudes within the Commonwealth. Non-white immigrants were systemically discouraged from entering the UK, though there was no legal limitation to their migration. The Colonial Office ordered colonial governments to hinder prospective migrants of colour by informing them of the difficulties they would face in finding housing accommodation and employment in Britain, as well as confiscating passports from those who were deemed to have insufficient funds or determined to be unemployable. Nevertheless, 500,000 of these new immigrants had settled in the UK by 1962.
Immigration from the colonies and other Commonwealth countries was formally restricted by Parliament from 1962 to 1971, when British subjects originating from outside of the British Islands first had immigration controls officially imposed on them when entering the United Kingdom. As Britain withdrew from most of its remaining overseas possessions as part of decolonisation, some former colonial subjects remained CUKCs despite the independence of their colonies. After passage of the British Nationality Act 1981, CUKCs were reclassified in 1983 into different nationality groups based on their ancestry, birthplace, and immigration status: CUKCs who had right of abode in the United Kingdom became British citizens while those connected with a remaining colony became British Dependent Territories citizens (BDTCs). Remaining CUKCs who were no longer associated with a British territory became British Overseas citizens. An estimated 1.5 million people were reclassified as BOCs in 1983, 1.3 million of whom also held another nationality.
Debate over full citizenship rights
The creation of different British nationality classes with disparities in the United Kingdom residency rights drew criticism for creating what was seen as a two-tier system. The vast majority of people who were classified as British citizens in 1983 were white, while those assigned BDTC or BOC status were predominately Asian. The deprivation of full nationality rights was particularly distressful for the Indian diaspora in Southeast Africa, many of whom migrated to Africa during colonial rule while working in the civil service. As former East African colonies gained independence, aggressive Africanisation policies and an increasingly discriminatory environment in the post-colonial countries against the Asian population caused many among them to seek migration to Britain. While CUKCs without strong ties to the British Islands were already subject to immigration controls starting in 1962, the subdivision of nationality reinforced the idea that British identity depended on race.
A "special quota voucher scheme" was introduced in 1968 to annually admit a small number of CUKCs (and later BOCs), along with their dependents, who held no other nationality and who were pressured to leave their countries of residence. Waiting times under the quota system were extremely long, with applicants waiting in excess of five years to receive a voucher to enter the UK. The system was abolished in 2002, when Parliament granted remaining BOCs who held no other nationality the right to register as full British citizens. About 35,000 BOCs were estimated to have benefited from this provision at the time of the law's passage.
Prior to 2002, British Overseas citizens from Malaysia had been able to petition for British citizenship after renouncing Malaysian citizenship. After passage of the British Overseas Territories Act 2002 and the Nationality, Immigration and Asylum Act 2002, these requests were no longer considered. However, a number of Malaysian BOCs continued their applications after this change in immigration policy and renounced their Malaysian citizenship after being given incorrect legal advice. Due to differences in how the governments recognise nationality renunciation, both the British and Malaysian governments consider this group of individuals nationals of the other country and refuse to give them any form of permanent status. Debate over ultimate responsibility for this group of BOCs (estimated to be 1,000–2,000 people) continues while they remain stateless without a territory that they have a guaranteed right to remain in.
Acquisition and loss
Becoming a British Overseas citizen is generally not possible. The status cannot be acquired by naturalisation and can only be transferred by descent if an individual born to a BOC parent would otherwise be stateless. It is expected that BOCs will obtain citizenship in the country they reside in and that the number of active status holders will eventually dwindle until there are none. Almost all individuals with this status obtained it in 1983, when Citizens of the United Kingdom and Colonies without right of abode in the United Kingdom were reclassified as British Overseas citizens. Due to the broad nature of the governing Acts that determine CUKC and BOC eligibility, there are a variety of circumstances in which an individual could have acquired BOC status. These include:
CUKCs connected with a former colony or protectorate who did not acquire that country's citizenship on independence (applicable particularly to some former colonies, such as Kenya and Aden); connection in this context generally means having acquired CUKC status by birth or naturalisation in a qualified territory, or by birth to a father or grandfather who fulfilled those requirements
persons who became citizens of a newly independent country, but remained CUKCs (applicable to the former Straits Settlements of Penang and Malacca, as well as Cyprus)
persons who became citizens of a newly independent country, but remained CUKCs based on a connection to another colony which subsequently became independent before 1983
BDTCs connected with Hong Kong who failed to register for British National (Overseas) status and would otherwise have been stateless after the transfer of sovereignty to China on 1 July 1997
British subjects connected with Burma who made declarations to retain that status after independence in 1948
women who acquired CUKC by marriage on or after 28 October 1971
minor children who acquired CUKC by registration at the British high commission of an independent Commonwealth country on or after 28 October 1971
eligible descendants of Sophia of Hanover who have never been members of the Catholic Church.
Several early independence acts did not remove CUKC status from certain citizens of newly independent states. In the former Straits Settlements of Penang and Malacca, around one million Straits Chinese were allowed to continue as CUKCs with Malayan citizenship when the Federation of Malaya became independent in 1957. Consequently, when Malaya merged with North Borneo, Sarawak, and Singapore to form Malaysia in 1963, CUKC status was not rescinded from individuals already holding Malayan citizenship. Similarly, when Cyprus became independent in 1960, Cypriots who were not resident in Cyprus for the five years leading up to independence and were also living in another Commonwealth country would not have lost CUKC status.
In some cases, a former colony's new government only granted citizenship to members of the majority ethnic group. When Aden became part of the newly independent South Yemen in 1967, individuals who were not of Arab ancestry did not acquire Yemeni citizenship and remained CUKCs. Likewise, Hong Kong residents lost BDTC status when that territory was transferred to China in 1997. Residents choosing to retain British nationality were able to voluntarily register for British National (Overseas) status before the handover. Individuals who were not ethnically Chinese did not acquire Chinese nationality on that date and automatically became BOCs if they had been made stateless.
Sophia of Hanover was placed in the English line of succession in 1705 to avoid a reigning Catholic monarch. Because they were German, Parliament passed an Act to naturalise the Electress as an English subject, along with all of their lineal descendants. Although the British Nationality Act 1948 ended the naturalisation of further direct descendants, eligible non-Catholic persons born before 1949 would have already become British subjects. Those individuals would also be able to transmit British nationality to at least one further generation. Because such persons would not automatically have the right of abode in the United Kingdom, some current claimants to British nationality through the Sophia Naturalization Act 1705 could receive British Overseas citizenship.
British Overseas citizenship can be relinquished by a declaration made to the Home Secretary, provided that an individual already possesses or intends to acquire another nationality. BOC status may also be deprived if it was fraudulently acquired. There is no path to restore BOC status once lost.
Rights and privileges
British Overseas citizens are exempted from obtaining a visa or entry certificate when visiting the United Kingdom for less than six months. They are eligible to apply for two-year working holiday visas and do not face annual quotas or sponsorship requirements. When travelling in other countries, they may seek British consular protection. BOCs are not considered foreign nationals when residing in the UK and are entitled to certain rights as Commonwealth citizens. These include exemption from registration with local police, voting eligibility in UK elections, and the ability to enlist in the British Armed Forces. British Overseas citizens are also eligible to serve in non-reserved Civil Service posts, be granted British honours, receive peerages, and sit in the House of Lords. If given indefinite leave to remain (ILR), they are eligible to stand for election to the House of Commons and local government. ILR status usually expires if an individual leaves the UK and remains abroad for over two years, but this limitation does not apply to BOCs. Prior to 2002, BOCs who entered the UK on a work permit were automatically given indefinite leave to remain.
BOCs may become British citizens by registration, rather than naturalisation, after residing in the United Kingdom for more than five years and possessing ILR for more than one year. Registration confers citizenship otherwise than by descent, meaning that children born outside of the UK to those successfully registered will be British citizens by descent. Becoming a British citizen has no effect on BOC status; BOCs may also simultaneously be British citizens. BOCs who were Hong Kong residents and had no other nationality on 3 February 1997 may also register for citizenship without UK residence requirements. Applicants who successfully register in this way become British citizens by descent and cannot pass citizenship to their children born outside of the UK. Remaining BOCs who do not hold and have not lost any other nationality on or after 4 July 2002 are entitled to register as British citizens. There are about 12,000 people who continue to be BOCs and hold active British passports with the status.
Restrictions
BOCs who hold no other nationality are de facto stateless because they are deprived of entering the country that claims them as nationals. The Nationality, Immigration and Asylum Act 2002 allowed these individuals to register as British citizens, after which statelessness was generally resolved for people who were solely BOCs. However, there remain circumstances in which BOCs are effectively stateless after 4 July 2002, including:
a BOC is also a citizen of a country that considers acquisition of a foreign passport to be grounds for citizenship deprivation (e.g. Malaysia). A Malaysian-BOC dual national applying for a BOC passport would consequently have their Malaysian citizenship deprived.
a BOC is also a citizen of a country that only permits dual citizenship for minors and requires renunciation of all other nationalities before a certain age (e.g. Japan). A Japanese-BOC dual national would potentially have their Japanese citizenship revoked at age 22
United Kingdom
British Overseas citizens are subject to immigration controls and have neither the right of abode nor the right to work in the United Kingdom. BOCs are required to pay an immigration health surcharge to access National Health Service benefits when residing in the UK for longer than six months.
European Union
Before the United Kingdom withdrew from the European Union on 31 January 2020, full British citizens were European Union citizens. British Overseas citizens have never been EU citizens and did not enjoy freedom of movement in other EU countries. They were, and continue to be, exempted from obtaining visas when visiting the Schengen Area.
References
Citations
Sources
Legislation
Parliamentary debates
Case law
Publications
Government reports
Correspondence
News articles
See also
French people living outside France
Swiss abroad
British nationality law
Nationality law in British Overseas Territories
Kings Throne Peak is a mountain summit in the Dalton Range of the Saint Elias Mountains, in Kluane National Park of Yukon, Canada. The mountain is situated above the south shore of Kathleen Lake, southeast of Mount Worthington across the lake, and south-southeast of Haines Junction, Yukon. The mountain can be seen from the Haines Highway as it prominently rises above the lake. The mountain's descriptive name comes from how it is shaped by a cirque on the north aspect. A rock glacier descends from the cirque to the lake. A steep five-kilometre trail provides access to the amphitheatre, and an additional three kilometres on a beaten path reaches the summit via the east ridge. Based on the Köppen climate classification, Kings Throne Peak is located in a subarctic climate with long, cold, snowy winters, and mild summers.
See also
List of mountains of Canada
Geography of Yukon
References
External links
Parks Canada website: Kings Throne trail
Flickr photo: View of the cirque
Flickr photo: Kings Throne Peak with Kathleen Lake
One-thousanders of Yukon
Saint Elias Mountains
Kluane National Park and Reserve
The Board of Professional Engineers of Bangladesh (BPERB) was established on 11 January 2001 by an amendment to the constitution of the Institution of Engineers, Bangladesh and exists as an autonomous body with its own Board of Executives independent of IEB. The organization consists of various engineers and other professions.
Registration into the National Database of Licensed Engineers (Bangladesh) require sponsorship from three Fellows of IEB.
BPERB maintains established standards that need to be individually achieved by prospective engineers before being registered as a licensed engineer in Bangladesh. It adds the post-nominal title of PEng. It requires corporate membership, 7 years of full-time post graduate work experience and satisfaction of training objectives and testings as set by rule. The license also requires Continuing Professional Development (CPD) to maintain a license.
External links
BPERB official website
Science and technology in Bangladesh
Calvin Davenport Venable (c. 1815 — December 27, 1862) was a Confederate field officer. Born in 1815 in Kentucky, they served as the clerk of a Henry County, Tennessee court. They were appointed the adjutant of the 5th Tennessee Infantry Regiment on May 20, 1861 and lieutenant colonel on August 8 of that year. They were wounded in action at the Battle of Perryville on October 8, 1862 and relieved of their duties later that year. Venable died in Versailles, Tennessee on December 27, 1862 of their wounds received at Perryville and of congestive fever.
References
Confederate States Army officers
1815 births
1862 deaths
Confederate States of America military personnel killed in the American Civil War
Erigeron leibergii is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name Leiberg's fleabane. It is native to the Cascades Mountains in southern British Columbia in Canada and north-central Washington in the United States.
Erigeron leibergii is a branching perennial herb up to 25 centimeters (10 inches) tall, producing a woody taproot. The leaves and the stem are covered with small glandular hairs. The plant can produce 1-5 flower heads per stem, each head with up to 25 purple, lavender, white, or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets in the center.
The species is named for plant collector John Bernhard Leiberg.
References
Flora of the Cascade Range
leibergii
Plants described in 1901
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
A bicycle cooperative ("bike co-op") can take the many forms of the cooperative model. These often include co-ops composed of businesses to achieve economies of scale (retail cooperative), co-ops managed by those who work at the business (worker cooperative), and bicycle co-ops owned and managed by the cyclists that use their services (consumers' co-operative). To date, many bicycle co-ops have taken the form of community bike shops and cooperatives organized to give the local bike shop national scale and buying power.
Bike cooperatives: community and consumer
As a consumers' co-operative, community bike cooperatives are organized and owned by the cyclists who use them. Members often receive exclusive access and benefits to service and sales.
Shop time
Shop time is considered to be the use of the bike co-op's space and tools. Some bike co-ops charge users a set fee of between US$5 and US$20 per hour. Some bike co-ops will waive the fees for low-income users. Bike Pirates in Toronto is one example of a co-op which uses a pay what you want strategy. They request that each user make a donation.
Co-ops with lower overhead costs are often more relaxed about cost recovery. For example, one co-op inside an Australian "community environment park" existed rent-free until recently. That co-op continued to charge just US$8 for a one-year membership, including unlimited shop time, even after it began paying rent.
Parts
The cost of new or used parts is usually added to the shop fee, but is typically substantially below retail prices. Some workshops stock new items such as brake pads, inner tubes, cables and housing, and bearings, for example.
Parts may be sourced from public donations. Children's bikes are often donated when they are outgrown, and abandoned bikes are sometimes obtained through partnerships with police departments (evidence control), street cleaning firms, or from large institutions such as schools and universities.
Bike cooperatives: retail
When a bicycle cooperative takes the form of a retail cooperative, it often takes the form of multiple businesses within the industry coming together to achieve economies of scale to compete with big-box brands, department stores and direct-to-consumer bike sales.
Membership
Retailers' cooperatives are governed by democratic member control, which generally means one vote per member. For many retailer co-ops, however, it is difficult to achieve a democratic standard. Since the members are businesses rather than individuals, offering one vote per member will leave the larger member businesses underrepresented. If the number of votes is based on the size of the business, there is a risk of all smaller businesses within the cooperative being outvoted by a larger business. A democratic solution that many retailers' cooperatives employ is an increase in votes based on business size, up to a certain point, say five or ten votes. This way, there is a varying degree of representation for member businesses, but no one member can gain too much control.
Financing and economic goals
In order to lower costs, retailers' cooperatives establish central buying locations, providing them with the opportunity to purchase in bulk. Retailers' cooperatives also engage in group advertising and promotion, uniform stock merchandising, and private branding.
The aim of the cooperative is to improve buying conditions for its members, which are retail businesses in this case. The incentive to remain in the cooperative is largely due to the profits that members gain.
Locations
An early bike co-op was the Fahrrad.Selbsthilfe.Werkstatt, founded in 1983 in a formerly squatted factory in Vienna, Austria. Another early co-op was "P'tit vélo dans la tête", founded in Grenoble, France, in 1994.
In the United States, one of the earliest and longest continuous running co-op is BICAS in Tucson, Arizona, founded in 1994 (named changed to BICAS in 1996.)
Later, some bike co-ops were founded in the western US. Examples include the Salt Lake City Bicycle Collective in Utah, founded 2002, and the Bike Kitchen, founded in 2003 in San Francisco.
Bike co-ops can be found worldwide. The Bike Collective Network includes a regionally sorted list of hundreds of co-ops scattered across a few dozen countries.
Bike co-ops are some of the most historical and long standing co-ops, for example, Edinburgh Bicycle Co-operative is the longest established worker co-operative in Scotland.
A cooperative for American independent bicycle dealers was established in 2003 as "The Biking Solution". Now called The Bike Cooperative, this retailers' cooperative has 300+ members across the country.
See also
: discusses self-service, full-service, and roadside assistance
Bicycle library: a facility for lending bicycles and accessories to riders for trial or use
Cycling
Local bike shop
Makerspace
Repair café
Tool library
References
Further reading
External links
Bike Collective Network: an umbrella association of bike co-ops and other organizations
Bike Workshops Research: research into bike workshops led by Simon Batterbury, University of Melbourne
Lists of co-ops worldwide
Community Bicycle Organizations: a list of bike co-ops worldwide, sorted by country and province/state
International Bicycle Fund community bike programs directory. Many of the groups in this directory, though not all of them, are co-ops.
Cycle retailers
Cycling infrastructure
Cycling organizations
DIY culture
Recycling organizations
The men's 5000 m race of the 2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on March 11 at 15:50 local time.
Results
References
2011 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships
Mahipal S. Sachdev is an Indian ophthalmologist and the Chairman of Centre for Sight, a chain of Eye Hospitals in India.  They are known as one of the pioneers of Phacoemulsification procedure in India.  They are the co-author of A Practical Guide to Phacoemulsification, the first Indian book on the topic. The Government of India awarded them the fourth highest civilian honour of the Padma Shri, in 2007, for their contributions to Indian medicine.  They are the Chairman Scientific Committee of the Intraocular Implant and Refractive Society of India, IIRSI.
Biography
Sachdev did their graduate studies in medicine at the India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi and secured their post graduation in ophthalmology from Dr. R.P. Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences, the apex institute of the Regional Institutes of Ophthalmology in India. In 1989, they received a fellowship and did advanced training on Cornea and Refractive surgery at Georgetown University, Washington DC and joined their alma mater, AIIMS, as a member of faculty where they worked until 1996. When Indraprastha Apollo Hospital opened in 1996, they joined the institution. Simultaneously, they started an eye clinic in a modest way at Safdarjang Enclave, which grew to become a chain of eye hospitals, starting to function under the brand name, Centre for Sight, from 2002 onwards.
The Summit Autonomous Society of the USA has recognized Sachdev as a refractive surgeon and they are a member of the organization. They serve the Indian Intraocular Implant and Refractive Society as the chairperson of its scientific committee and is the secretary of the Delhi Ophthalmological Society. They have also represented India at the Asian Refractive Council. American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery (ASCRS) has accredited their instruction course and they have performed live demonstrations, including the one performed at the Seattle conference of ASCRS. They have delivered several award lectures; Dr. (Col.) B. L. Taneja Memorial Guest Lecture Award at the 1996-97 Delhi State Medical Conference, Prof. L. P. Agarwal Lecture of AIIMS in 2005, and Dr. A. D. Grover Memorial Oration of Chandigarh Ophthalmological Society are some of the notable ones among them.
Sachdev published A Practical Guide to Phacoemulsification, a text book on phacoemulsification co-authored by Tanuj Dada, in 2003, reportedly the first Indian book on the subject. They have also edited another book on the medical procedure titled Phacoemulsification. Besides, they have presented more than 150 papers and published over 100 articles, ResearchGate, an online repository, listing 47 of them. The Summit Autonomous Society of the USA (SAS) awarded them the silver medal, in 1999, for successfully performing over 1000 LASIK procedures in one year. The Government of India awarded them the civilian honour of the Padma Shri in 2007. Two years later, they received the 2009 Rashtriya Gaurav Award from the Institute For Environment Yoga And Social Security, New Delhi.
Sachdev is married to Alka, a medical doctor and the couple has two daughters, Ritika and Gitansha, both pursuing medical professions.
References
External links
Further reading
Recipients of the Padma Shri in medicine
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indian ophthalmologists
Georgetown University School of Medicine alumni
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi alumni
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi faculty
Indian medical writers
Medical doctors from Delhi
Living people
Wayne Ferreira and Stefan Kruger were the defending champions, but Ferreira did not participate this year. Kruger partnered Cyril Suk, losingin the first round.
Goran Ivanišević and Marc Rosset won the title, defeating Mark Kratzmann and Jason Stoltenberg 7–6, 7–6 in the final.
Seeds
Luke Jensen / Laurie Warder (first round)
Sergio Casal / Javier Sánchez (semifinals)
Stefan Edberg / John Fitzgerald (quarterfinals)
Stefan Kruger / Cyril Suk (first round)
Draw
Draw
References
Draw
Next Generation Adelaide International
1992 ATP Tour
1992 in Australian tennis
Spyridon Kastanis (born 23 September 1964) is a Greek racewalker. They competed in the men's 50 kilometres walk at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1964 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Greek male racewalkers
Olympic athletes of Greece
Athletes from Athens
The Ryton plant is a former car manufacturing plant in Ryton-on-Dunsmore, England. Developed by the Rootes Group as a shadow factory in 1939 to produce aircraft engines for World War II; post war it became the headquarters of the group.
Taken over by Chrysler Europe in 1967 and then by PSA Group in 1978, it shut in December 2006, and was subsequently redeveloped by Trenport Investments Ltd, for industrial use in March 2007. The plant met its final demise in November 2007, when it was completely demolished.
History
Shadow factory
Under plans developed by the Air Ministry in 1936, the Shadow factory plan headed up by Herbert Austin, aimed to increase production capacity in the British aircraft industry. The plan required the construction and development of nine new factories, and investment in the expansion or the capability of the United Kingdom's existing motor vehicle manufacturing plants, to enable them to more quickly turn to aircraft production.
Situated between the A45 (on the North East) and the A423 (on the South West) in Warwickshire, the factory became operational from 1940.
Post war
After the war the site became the headquarters of the Rootes Group, but when the organisation entered financial difficulties in the 1960s, the company (in stages), and thus the plant, were taken over by American car manufacturing giant Chrysler, along with the French manufacturer Simca.
The Rootes models were gradually phased out during the 1970s; with the production of the Hillman Hunter and Avenger models being moved to the Linwood plant in Scotland from 1976, when Ryton began manufacturing the Simca-based Chrysler Alpine in 1976, followed by the Horizon from 1981; both of these models had initially been produced in France only.
Ryton from that point onward, effectively became a shadow plant to the Simca factory at Poissy in France, which broadly produced exactly the same models.
Chrysler itself entered financial difficulties, and in 1978 sold the plant, along with the rest of its European operations for a symbolic US$1.00 to PSA Peugeot Citroën. Peugeot adopted the dormant Talbot brand for the former Chrysler and Simca models, but falling sales saw it decide to axe the Talbot brand on passenger cars in the mid 1980s. In spite of this decision, the future of the Ryton plant was secured by Peugeot deciding to produce its own models there. The Linwood plant, built less than 20 years earlier by the Rootes Group, had closed in 1981.
Peugeot started building their 309 there in October 1985 (also building left hand drive models at the former Simca plant in Poissy, France), and, by the end of 1987, it was joined by the 405. Both the 309 and 405 had helped boost Peugeot's market share within the United Kingdom during the second half of the 1980s, building on the sales success which began with the launch of the French built 205 from 1983.
309 production was concentrated wholly at Poissy from 1989, although Ryton began producing its 306 successor at Ryton from the end of 1992. The 306 proved even more popular than its predecessor. The 405 was phased out between 1995 and 1997, and its 406 successor was produced in France, leaving the 306 as the only production model at Ryton for a while.
The second production line was revived in the summer of 1998, with the commencement of production of the 206, and the 206 was the only car produced at the plant, after the end of production of the 306 in 2001. The 206 was the most successful Peugeot model to be produced at Ryton. In January 2004, Peugeot decided not to manufacture the future 207 model at Ryton, thus leaving the factory in danger of being shut down, although two years of uncertainty followed this announcement, as the possibility remained that Peugeot could retain the plant to produce other models.
In February 2004, the 1,000,000th 206 rolled off the production line, less than six years after the first.
Closure
In April 2006, Peugeot decided that the Ryton plant would close during July 2007. In October 2006, however, Peugeot announced it would close its plant six months sooner than expected. In the event, it closed on 12 December 2006, and the site was sold to developer Trenport Investments Ltd for industrial use in March 2007. The plant was demolished in November 2007.
In October 2012, Network Rail acquired the site from Prologis, and constructed a haulage distribution centre. The centre opened the following year, and serves as a hub for the National Delivery Service for Network Rail.
Jaguar Land Rover now have 3 manufacturing units on this site: prototype build, classics and svo special vehicle operations. "Ryton" is not used on addresses/references to these sites and "Oxford Road" is used instead, to distance JLR from their previous Peugeot competitors.
References
External links
Catalogue of the Ryton plant trade union convenor's archives, held at the Modern Records Centre, University of Warwick
Peugeot factories
Former motor vehicle assembly plants
British shadow factories
Motor vehicle assembly plants in the United Kingdom
Manufacturing plants in England
Industrial buildings completed in 1939
Buildings and structures in Warwickshire
Buildings and structures demolished in 2007
Demolished buildings and structures in England
Rootes Group
Max Lynar Louden (1869-?) was a bigamist, and confidence man, and a spy for Germany during World War I.
Biography
They were born in 1869 as Max Scheimangk in Staupitz, Imperial Germany. They studied at a military academy but never graduated. They then migrated to the United States in 1890.
They at first passed themselves off as Max de Chimang in Poughkeepsie, New York where they organized a Schützenbund and fled with the money they collected from a charity event.
On August 29, 1911 they got their license to marry Lalia Florence Allendorf.
In 1915 they were convicted of bigamy and sentenced to Sing Sing.
Aliases
Count Jean Marcel Peyrgne de Passy
Count Albert Marcel de Passy
Count Rocher M. zu Lynar
Count Max Lynar Louden
Count De Passy
Max de Chimang
References
People convicted of bigamy
World War I spies for Germany
German emigrants to the United States
1869 births
Year of death missing
Ariane Maier (born 10 January 1981) is an Austrian handball player. They competed in the women's tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
References
1981 births
Living people
Austrian female handball players
Olympic handball players of Austria
Handball players at the 2000 Summer Olympics
People from Bregenz
Sportspeople from Vorarlberg
Noise Addict (sometimes styled as Noiseaddict) was an Australian alternative rock band formed in 1993 by founding mainstay Ben Lee on lead vocals and guitar. They were joined in 1995 by Romy Hoffman on guitar before the group disbanded early in 1996. They had issued a studio album, Meet the Real You, on Fellaheen Records/Shock Records in late 1995. Lee undertook a solo career. They briefly reconvened Noise Addict in 2009 with new members, Lou Barlow and Lara Meyerratken, to issue a second album, It Was Never About the Audience (1 September 2009), before returning to their solo pursuits.
History
Noise Addict were formed in Bondi Beach in early 1993, with the original line-up of Ben Lee on lead vocals and guitar, Doron Kalinko on bass guitar and Josh Zoldan on drums. All were schoolmates at Moriah College in Sydney's eastern suburbs. Other early bandmates include Daniel Mapp on bass guitar and Joel Wasserman on drums. Lee was later joined by Daniel Kohn on bass guitar and Saul Smith on drums.
The band recorded a four-track demo in Lee's bedroom, their average age was fourteen, and sent copies to various record labels. Their first gig was at a library book sale in 1993. Attending that gig was Steve Pavlovic of Fellaheen Records, who signed them and sent their tape to Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth. The United States group were then touring Australia and Noise Addict's second gig on 6 February 1993 at Selina's Nightclub, was backing Sonic Youth. Moore signed them to their Ecstatic Peace record label, and the DEF extended play was released in early 1993 – recorded by the line-up of Lee, Kalinko and Zoldan.
According to Australian musicologist, Ian McFarlane, "some parallels to be drawn with another teenage band", silverchair, "although Lee preferred to see Noise Addict as infinitely more 'punk rock'." Their single, "I Wish I Was Him" (October 1993), was "a wry semi-acoustic ode to Lemonheads'" leader, Evan Dando. It attracted the attention of Mike D from the Beastie Boys, who arranged for the band to sign with their label, Grand Royal. They supported two more US bands, Pavement and Fugazi, and then played a run of all-ages gigs.
Noise Addict released their second EP, The Taste in My Eyes (April 1994); The line-up was Lee, Kalinko (who had moved from bass to lead guitar), Kohn and Wasserman. McFarlane felt the EP "displayed plenty of low-fi charm and youthful exuberance among the stylised Jonathan Richmanesque songs." They followed with another EP on Fellaheen, Noise Addict vs. Silverchair. They issued, Young and Jaded, in 1994 on Grand Royal Records, which had "six acoustic songs again recorded [in] Ben Lee's bedroom." Due to school commitments touring by the band was limited.
After the success of Young and Jaded, Lee released their solo debut, Grandpaw Would (June 1995). Kalinko was replaced by Romy Hoffman on lead guitar. In late 1995, Noise Addict released their only full-length album, Meet the Real You, which was produced by Brad Wood (Sebadoh, Liz Phair).
They briefly toured with Sebadoh. In November 1995, the band contributed the track "Mouthwash" to the AIDS benefit album Red Hot + Bothered, for the Red Hot Organization. They performed the last gig in early 1996 in Bondi. McFarlane noticed that "In true punk rock style, as soon as the album came out, Lee broke up the band." Ben Lee continued as a solo artist, they released several albums. Daniel Mapp played with Waikiki. Romy Hoffman performed hip-hop as MC Macromantics.
On 1 September 2009, a new incarnation of Noise Addict, with Lee joined by Lou Barlow (of Dinosaur Jr) and Lara Meyerratken (aka El May), released their second album, It Was Never About the Audience on Lee's own label, Ten Fingers Records. After the Shows reviewer described it as "lo-fi album is a great antidote to slick, overproduced records that value Protools over talent." A two-LP compilation of the band's initial discography, 10,000 Kids with Guitars, was released on Record Store Day 2017 via Numero Group.
Discography
Albums
Meet the Real You (late 1995)
It Was Never About the Audience (1 September 2009) Ten Fingers Records
Extended plays
DEF (early 1993) Ecstatic Peace
The Taste in My Eyes (aka Noise Addict vs. Silverchair) (April 1994) Fellaheen Records
Young and Jaded (1994) Grand Royal
Singles
I Wish I Was Him (aka "Unplugged") (October 1993) Fellaheen Records
The Frail Girl (1995) Grand Royal / Fellaheen Records
Compilations
10,000 Kids With Guitars (2LP, April 2017) Numero Group
References
External links
Music video for "16" by Noise Addict, 1995
Noise Addict on Last.fm
Australian alternative rock groups
Musical groups established in 1992
Musical groups disestablished in 2009
Musical groups from Sydney
Alto de L'Angliru (;) is a steep mountain road in Asturias, near La Vega-Riosa, in northern Spain. It is considered one of the most demanding climbs in professional road bicycle racing and is often used in the Vuelta a España stage race.
Origins
The organizers of the Vuelta a España wanted a mountain to rival the Alpe d'Huez and Mont Ventoux in the Tour de France and the Mortirolo Pass in the Giro d'Italia, which would go on in 2003 to add one of the world's most demanding climbs, the Zoncolan, in an attempt to compete with the new Spanish climb. The Angliru was first included in 1999, on stage eight from León. José Maria Jiménez won after catching Pavel Tonkov a kilometer from the finish.
Details
The top of the climb is above sea level. The height difference is . The climb is long, an average of 10.13%. It is near 24% at its steepest. The first are an average of 7.6%— stiff but not over-demanding for world-class cyclists. The sixth kilometre lessens to 2.1% and has a short descent. The last half of the climb is more severe. From six kilometres to the summit, it averages 13.1%. The steepest part, the Cueña les Cabres at 23.6%, is from the summit. There are two later ramps at 18% to 21% (sources vary).
Controversy
During stage 15 in 2002, riders climbed the Angliru in rain. Team cars stalled on the steepest part, some unable to restart because their tires slipped on messages painted by fans. Riders were caught behind them and others had to ride with flat tires because mechanics could not reach them. David Millar crashed three times and protested by handing in their race number a metre from the line. The judges ruled they had not finished the stage and they left the race. They regretted their temper - they had been ninth - and apologised to their team.
Opinions
The manager of the Kelme team, Vicente Belda, said: "What do they want? Blood? They ask us to stay clean and avoid doping and then they make the riders tackle this kind of barbarity." Patrice Halgand, a French rider, said the Union Cycliste Internationale had rules about the distance and frequency of races but not about hills. They said:
[The rules] haven't foreseen everything. The proof. I find it ridiculous to go looking for a hill on a narrow road, dangerous and winding, because it's not like that, that you change the way a race develops [Ce n'est pas cela qui va changer les données de la course]. There are other cols than the Angliru to climb in the Vuelta. Differences in the riders would show just as well on a pass that's less steep and on a wider road. It would also be better for spectacle, because on the Angliru the guys go too pitifully for the climb to have any sporting interest. Even the winner goes up in slow motion. There's no attacking. From front to rear, everyone just gets up as best they can.
The former climber Charly Mottet approved the climb. They said:
I saw the climb of the Angliru and I thought it was good for cycling. I watched on television and saw a superb race. I am for these difficulties out of the normal, these extreme gradients. The steepness doesn't shock me because there is always a solution in choosing the right gears. The organiser should give an idea of what's needed in the race bible. I would see it, as a former rider (and organiser of the Dauphiné Libéré) as my duty.
Stage winners and fastest ascent times
† Juan Jose Cobo is alternately recorded as having a time of 43:53, Roberto Heras is alternately recorded as having a time of 43:57
^ On 18 July 2019, the UCI confirmed the suspension of Cobo after being found guilty of an anti-doping violation on their biological passport between 2009 and 2011, stripping them of their stage win. Wout Poels, who finished second on the stage, was elevated to stage winner as a result.
See also
List of highest paved roads in Europe
List of mountain passes
References
External links
Climbbybike.com Information on and profile of the Angliru
Altimetry of the climb.
Climbs in cycle racing in Spain
Geography of Asturias
Sport in Asturias
William Howe Wylie (1833–1891) was a Scottish journalist and Baptist minister.
Life
The son of William Wylie, a block calico printer of Kilmarnock, by their wife Agnes, daughter of John Howie of Lochgoin, they were born at Kilmarnock on 24 February 1833. They were educated there and on leaving school was employed in the office of the Kilmarnock Journal, and became local correspondent for the Glasgow North British Mail. In 1847–50 they were sub-editor of the Ayr Advertiser.
From Ayr, Wylie moved to Nottingham as editor of the ‘Nottingham Journal' (1850–2). In 1852–3 they were sub-editor of the Liverpool Courier; a system of theirs of reporting verbatim speeches by turns was put to the test during the Liverpool election contest of 1852. In politics they were a committed Liberal. In 1854–5 they were editor of the Falkirk Herald and sub-editor of the Glasgow Commonwealth. In 1855 Wylie moved on to Edinburgh, where they became sub-editor of the Daily Express, at the same time contributing to the War Telegraph, and attending the classes at the university with a view to the ministry.
In 1859 Wylie was president of the University Dialectic Society, and soon afterwards became a student at Regent's Park College, London, under Joseph Angus. In 1860 they were appointed Baptist minister of Ramsey, Huntingdonshire; and in 1865 they were transferred to Accrington in Lancashire, a charge they had to give up after a breakdown. They went to Gourock; but when their health improved they accepted the pastorate of a church at Blackpool. After another year's work they had to give up preaching.
Wylie resumed the profession of journalist, from 1870 to 1877 they acted as sub-editor of the Christian World, at the same time writing the parliamentary letter for the North British Mail and the Greenock Telegraph, which they edited more or less from the start. The Telegraph was the first halfpenny evening paper in Britain, of which they were one of the original promoters, the proprietor being their brother-in-law, J. Pollock of Greenock.
In 1882 Wylie founded in Glasgow the Christian Leader, and was editor and proprietor of the paper till their death, at Troon, Ayrshire, on 5 August 1891. They were buried in St. Andrew's churchyard, Kilmarnock, where a monument was erected to their memory.
Works
Wylie was the author of:
Ayrshire Streams, Kilmarnock, 1851, reprinted from the ‘Ayr Advertiser' of 1849–50).
Old and New Nottingham, London, 1853.
The Book of the Bunyan Festival, London, 1874.
Thomas Carlyle: The Man and their Books, London, 1881.
While in London Wylie also contributed to the Pall Mall Gazette, The Echo, and The Freeman, the Baptist periodical. For many years they also wrote for the North British Mail two columns of literary notes every Monday, and in 1879 series of articles The Castles and Mansions of the West.
Family
On 11 February 1861 Wylie married Helen Young Pollock, the youngest daughter of Robert Pollock of Greenock; they survived them with a daughter and a son, William Pollock Wylie, manager of the commercial department of the Christian Leader.
Notes
Attribution
1833 births
1891 deaths
Scottish journalists
Scottish newspaper editors
Scottish Baptists
19th-century British journalists
British male journalists
19th-century British male writers
People from Kilmarnock
19th-century Baptists
The Party of Democracy in Rwanda – Ihumure (), often shortened to PDR-Ihumure, is a Rwandan opposition political party, which chiefly operates in exile in the United States and Europe. It is a part of the MRCD (Rwandan Movement for Democratic Change, French: Mouvement Rwandais pour le Changement Démocratique) coalition of opposition parties. Along with PDR-Ihumure, the coalition includes CNRD-Ubwiyunge, RRM, and RDI-Rwanda Riza.
In 2006, the party was founded in the diaspora by activist Paul Rusesabagina, on whom the Hollywood blockbuster Hotel Rwanda is based. Rusesabagina is currently president of the party and the MRCD coalition, though they have been held in prison in Rwanda since being arrested in August 2020.
PDR-Ihumure is seen as a primarily Hutu party by scholars. It has been linked with Hutu Power groups, ex-FAR troops, and Rwandan Liberation Movements in Congo. The party was formed expressly to oppose the ruling RPF party, led by Rwandan President Paul Kagame.
Military wing
The party also has a military wing, the FLN (National Liberation Front), which Rusesabagina themselves has acknowledged as an "armed wing", which they claim was set up in order to assist Rwandan refugees. Since being founded, however, the FLN has taken responsibility for terrorist attacks — including an attack on passenger buses in Nyungwe, Burundi which killed two people. Rusesabagina has accepted a role in setting up its armed offshoot, but denied sponsoring violence, stating: "we formed the FLN as an armed wing, not as a terrorist group as the prosecution keeps saying. The aim was to draw the government to the attention of the plight of refugees. I do not deny that the FLN committed crimes but my role was diplomacy."
References
Political parties in Rwanda
Franco Alexis López (born 1 April 1998), is an Argentine footballer who plays as a winger for Los Andes on loan from Argentinos Juniors.
Club career
López is a youth exponent from River Plate. They made their league debut at 8 June 2015 against Club Olimpo in a 1-1 draw. They replaced Fernando Cavenaghi after 66 minutes.
References
1998 births
Living people
Association football wingers
Argentine footballers
Sportivo Italiano footballers
Club Atlético River Plate footballers
Argentinos Juniors footballers
Club Atlético Los Andes footballers
Deportivo Español footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Sportspeople from Buenos Aires Province
In laser technology, a C mount is a method of packaging a laser diode using an alloy of copper and tungsten (CuW, hence "C mount") as a heatsink for the laser component. Typical wavelengths of laser energy generated by C mount devices are between 680 and 980 nm, and with a typical output power rating of up to 7 watts. They are one of three commonly used mounts for laser assemblies, the others being the T-can mount and the so-called "butterfly" mount.
References
Lasers
This article contains a list of notable people (officers and sailors) of the United States Navy.
Officers
Astronauts
Others
Groups
Golden Thirteen – the thirteen African-American enlisted men who became the first African-American commissioned officers in the United States Navy.
The Port Chicago 50 – group of 50 African-American Sailors who refused to return to work until changes were made at the U.S. Navy's Port Chicago near San Francisco.
References
People list
Leslie Mayfield (19 January 1926 – 2014) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1926 births
2014 deaths
English footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Ashfield United F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Gainsborough Trinity F.C. players
Jeffrey Scott Cogen (born January 14, 1962) is an American business person, lawyer, and former politician in the U.S. state of Oregon. Since 2016, they have been Executive Director of Impact NW, a social service and anti-poverty organization headquartered in Portland, Oregon. They served as chairperson of the Multnomah County Board of Commissioners from 2010 to 2013.
Early life
Jeff Cogen was born on an American military base in Germany and grew up in Miami, Florida, with their parents and brother. In high school, Cogen was a member of the debate team and earned the title of Top Individual Speaker at the Florida State Debate Championship. Cogen attended Brown University, where they received a B.A. degree in Political Science. They then earned a J.D. degree from the University of California, Los Angeles.
Early career
Cogen practiced law for four years in San Francisco, California, until relocating to Portland, Oregon, with their wife, Lisa in 1992. There, they and some friends started Portland's first certified organic bakery, the Portland Pretzel Company. Cogen was president of the small company, which in early 1996 had eleven other employees.
Political career
Cogen served as communications director for the Multnomah Commission on Children and Families. They later joined the board for Hands on Greater Portland, a nonprofit that connects volunteers with initiatives in their community, where they were elected board president.
Cogen entered Portland politics by joining former Multnomah County Chair Beverly Stein's staff in 1999. Cogen then went to Portland city hall, and in 2003 was named chief of staff to Portland City Commissioner Dan Saltzman.
In 2006, Cogen was elected to the Multnomah County Board of Commissioners as Commissioner for District 2, representing North and Northeast Portland.
In March 2010, then-Multnomah County Chair Ted Wheeler resigned from their role on the Board of County Commissioners to step into the position of Oregon State Treasurer, to which they were appointed after the death of incumbent Oregon state treasurer Ben Westlund. Soon afterward, the board chose Cogen as Multnomah County Chair, effective April 1, to complete the remainder of Wheeler's term.
In May 2010, Cogen was elected to a four-year term as Multnomah County Chair and sworn in on January 6, 2011.
Projects and initiatives
During their time on the Multnomah County Board of Commissioners, Cogen has overseen the following efforts:
The opening of the Gateway Center for Domestic Violence Services, a "one-stop center" for domestic violence services in 2010.
The center is run in partnership between Multnomah County and the City of Portland and offers onsite services to domestic violence survivors and their children including:
Crisis and safety planning
Restraining order applications
Access to specially trained police officers
Prosecution services and support
Alcohol/drug and mental health assessment services
Civil legal assistance
Children and teen support services
Creation of the Multnomah County CROPS Farm: in 2009, Cogen's office launched the Multnomah County CROPS Farm, a piece of county-owned land used to grow fresh produce for the Oregon Food Bank. The surplus Multnomah County property in Troutdale, Oregon, was converted into a two-acre farm and has since grown vegetables for people accessing the Oregon Food Bank.
Sale restriction of reusable beverage containers containing Bisphenol A in Multnomah County: in October 2011, Multnomah County's Board of Health adopted a policy brought forward by Cogen that restricted the sale of all reusable beverage containers that contain Bisphenol A (BPA), a chemical used in certain hard plastic containers like baby bottles, sippy cups and water bottles within Multnomah County.
According to the Multnomah County website, "The Health Department's analysis found that babies and young children are more vulnerable to the effects of Bisphenol A. Disruption of an infant's hormonal system can affect their development, putting them at risk for behavioral problems, breast and prostate cancer and a variety of other issues.
In July 2012, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) banned the use of Bisphenol A in sippy cups and baby bottles nationwide.
Change in policy on immigration holds in Multnomah County jails: in April 2013, Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton adopted a change in policy developed in partnership between Cogen's office and Multnomah County Sheriff's Office to stop complying with federal immigration holds for low-level offenders in Multnomah County jails.
Prior to this change in policy, people booked in Multnomah County jails and suspected of undocumented immigration by U.S. Immigration Customs and Enforcement (ICE), were held for up to 48 hours at the federal government's request. These 48-hour holds, called I-247 detainers, keep people in jail even after they have been cleared of their booking charges. They can be enforced no matter the allegation.
Under the change in policy, which went into effect April 15, 2013, the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office no longer holds people for U.S. Immigration Customs and Enforcement after their booking charges have cleared if:
They have been charged with low-level misdemeanors
An ICE detainer has been issued based solely on immigration charges or convictions
Coal export health impact study: in September 2012, Cogen directed the Multnomah County Health Department to conduct a study on the impact of coal export by rail through Multnomah County on residents' health. The call for the study was brought on by proposals for new coal export terminals in Oregon and Washington.
The report, which was completed by the Health Department in February 2013, looked at populations in Multnomah County that would be most affected by coal transportation by rail, as well as six potential environmental effects of concern, including "emission of particulate matter in the form of coal dust" and "emission of particulate matter in the form of diesel locomotive exhaust." Potential health outcomes associated with coal dust and diesel exhaust identified in the report included "heart and lung problems, cancers, growth and development problems, stress and mental health problems, injury and death."
Creation of a firearms safety ordinance: in April 2013, the Multnomah County Board of Commissioners unanimously approved a firearms safety ordinance co-sponsored by Chair Cogen and District 1 Multnomah County Commissioner, Deborah Kafoury.
According to the Multnomah County website, the ordinance restricts "the possession of a loaded firearm in a public place with certain exceptions, including licensed hunters engaged in lawful hunting, target shooters at an established target shooting area, people licensed to carry a concealed weapon, and law enforcement officers in the performance of their official duty." Additionally, the ordinance restricts "the discharge of a firearm in Multnomah County, requires firearm owners to prevent access to firearms by children, requires reporting the theft of a firearm within 48 hours, and extends curfew hours for minors who have been found by a court to have possessed, bought, used, transferred or transported a firearm and are under supervision.
Opening of the Mental Health Crisis Assessment and Treatment Center (CATC): Cogen coordinated with the City of Portland, the State of Oregon and Central City Concern to open the Mental Health Crisis Assessment and Treatment Center (CATC) in June 2011. The center is located at 55 N.E Grand Ave. in Portland, Oregon.
In 2011, Jaymee Cutti of Oregon Public Broadcasting described the CATC as such: "The 16-bed facility will serve as a safety net for homeless and severely low-income individuals experiencing a mental health crisis, where they can stabilize, and then connect to longer term services for housing, treatment, education or job training."
Sale of the Morrison Bridgehead: in June 2012, the Multnomah County Board of Commissioners unanimously voted in favor of a resolution brought forward by Chair Cogen proposing the $10.4 million sale of the county-owned Morrison Bridgehead site.
The board-approved agreement finalized the sale of the bridgehead to Melvin Mark Development Company for the creation of the James Beard Public Market - a planned year-round indoor and outdoor food market with a high-rise tower and sky-bridge connecting the properties.
The Morrison Bridgehead is a 3.12-acre site on the west side of the Morrison Bridge in downtown Portland, Oregon. It was first acquired by the county in the 1950s as a bridge construction staging area and has most recently been used for surface parking. The site was declared surplus county property in 2004.
Creation of a library district in Multnomah County: the Multnomah County Library is Oregon's largest public library, serving nearly one-fifth of the state's population. It is the second busiest library in the United States.
On August 2, 2012, in a resolution brought forward by Chair Jeff Cogen's office, the Multnomah County Board of Commissioners voted unanimously in favor of referring a measure to the ballot that would allow county residents to vote on the creation of a permanent library district for the Multnomah County Library in the November 2012 election.
Since 1976, the Multnomah County Library system was funded through a combination of the county's general fund and a series of temporary tax levies that had to be renewed by voters every three to five years.
On November 6, 62 percent of county voters voted in favor the ballot measure, approving the creation of a permanent library district for the Multnomah County Library. The library district, effective July 2013, provides funding for the library system solely through a permanent taxing district at a limited rate of up to $1.24 per $1,000 of a property's assessed value in Multnomah County.
Executive rule requiring gender-neutral bathrooms in new and updated Multnomah County buildings: On June 11, 2013, Cogen signed an executive rule requiring that all new and remodeled Multnomah County-owned buildings have gender-neutral bathrooms installed, in addition to traditional gender-specific bathrooms.
According to Dana Tims of The Oregonian, the executive rule "is intended to eliminate stigmas for transgender county employees and visitors using county-owned restrooms."
The rule also calls for the hanging of signage directing people to available gender-neutral restrooms in existing county facilities, as well as an assessment of where there may be a need for gender-neutral restrooms in existing Multnomah County facilities.
According to Sergio Cisneros of Oregon Public Broadcasting, "Multnomah is one of the first counties in the U.S. to implement a gender-neutral bathroom rule. Philadelphia was the first city to have such a rule."
2013 controversy and resignation
In 2013, Cogen admitted to an extramarital affair with a policy advisor in the Multnomah County Health Department following public allegations. The policy advisor resigned under pressure from the county health department for having a conflict of interest. For some weeks, they rejected calls for them to resign, which included a July 24 vote by their four fellow county commissioners. "I deserve a chance for the facts to come out," they told the media. However, on September 6, 2013, they announced their intention to resign, effective ten days later. Their final day in office was September 16. They were succeeded as county chair by their chief of staff, Marissa Madrigal, who was sworn-in on September 17, 2013.
Post-political work
In June 2016, Cogen was named executive director of Impact NW, a social service and anti-poverty organization headquartered in Portland. They began working in the position on July 1, 2016.
In February 2020, Cogen filed their candidacy with the Oregon Secretary of State to run in the 2020 Democratic primary to succeed retiring state Representative Alissa Keny-Guyer in Oregon's 46th House district.
Personal life
As of 2011, Cogen was living in Northeast Portland with their wife, Lisa and their two children. They enjoy reading science fiction novels and is an avid fan of live music, especially the Grateful Dead.
In July 2017, Cogen suffered a stroke that was described as moderate.
References
Brown University alumni
Multnomah County Commissioners
Living people
Politicians from Miami
Politicians from San Francisco
UCLA School of Law alumni
1962 births
Politicians from Portland, Oregon
Oregon Democrats
21st-century American politicians
The Secretaries are a play written and performed by the performing troupe The Five Lesbian Brothers. It opened on September 20, 1994 at the New York Theatre Workshop.
Characters
Dawn Midnight: "Office Lesbian".
While Dawn is billed as the "Office Lesbian", they are in reality just the only fully out lesbian. Over the course of the play, most of the female characters prove interested in or at least willing to participate in sexual activities with other women.
Ashley Elizabeth Fratangelo: "Susan's Sycophant, Bulimic".
Longstanding Secretary of the month.
Patty Johnson: "The New girl".
New secretary to be inducted into the cult.
Susan Curtis: "Office manager/ Cult Leader".
Peaches Martin: "Sweet, clueless, slow-moving target".
Secretary.
Buzz Benikee: "sensitive lumberjack".
Also Patty's male love interest.
Hank and Sandy: "Sexually harassing lumberjacks (slow)".
Mr. Ron Kembunkscher: "the boss".
Owner of Cooney Lumber Mill in Big Bone, Oregon.
Plot Summary
This satirical play opens with a rhyming prolog recited in unison by Dawn, Ashley, Peaches, and Patty. They explain that they are part of a cult that, once a month, gathers to murder one of the lumberjacks employed by the logging mill they work for, and blame it on a logging accident.
Scene one starts on the day Patty is promoted from being a receptionist to a secretary and starts on their path to join the cult, referred to in more public circles as the Big Bone Women's Association. Patty quickly learns that the office hierarchy circles around whoever currently holds the award of secretary of the month, an award that it seems is best won by being sexually pliable towards Susan, the office manager, and by maintaining an unrealistically thin figure.
As Patty works their way into the tightly knit clique of secretaries, they are introduced to some of the strange rituals and rules practiced by their cult. At the first meeting they attend, they are puzzled as to why Susan collects the women's used tampons, and why they are required to sign a pledge of celibacy to join.
Despite signing the pledge, Patty quickly finds themselves in a sexual relationship with Buzz, one of the company lumberjacks, and shortly after, they also hook up with Dawn, the "Office Lesbian". Despite Patty's pleading, neither secret remain so for long; soon the entire office knows.
As the end of the month approaches, Patty becomes stressed as they watch Susan and the rest of the secretaries become more and more manic. Susan starts drinking and driving, Peaches begins to binge eat, Dawn becomes more sexually aggressive, and Ashley becomes violently jealous over the fact that Patty wins secretary of the month.
On the last night of the month, Susan gathers the secretaries in the woods to kill a lumberjack, in this case, Buzz, and to steal their jacket for Patty, the newest member of the cult, to wear. While Patty resists at first, they quickly break down and admits that they want to join in with the plan. After the women take turns chain sawing Buzz to death, the play ends with another short and chilling rhyme: "Patty's got their jacket now. They fit in with the rest. They cut their boyfriend into bits, and so they passed the test. Save? No. We're way beyond saving. We're at the end. We should provide a moral for this story, but this is not a moral tale or complex allegory. No, we prefer you think of this as purely cautionary. Remember, sitting next to you could be a secretary!".
Reception
The Secretaries were widely reviewed upon opening as more comical than it was meaningful. James Hannaham of The Village Voice wrote, "The Secretaries [is] funnier than it is plot-driven and potentially taxing at an hour and a half". Ben Brantley of The New York Times described The Secretaries as a "sometimes very funny, exercise in subverting American images of womanhood" that "plays on anxious male fantasies of what women do when they're alone together; straight women's fantasies of lesbians (they're predatory)". Reviewers also agreed that the show was too long for a plot that is forecast from the opening scene: "What [Director Kate Stafford] doesn't do is edit…the last half hour of the play drags, in part because the climax has been foretold but mostly because of repetition". While the show was not without its critiques, most reviewers also noted that the show had an enthusiastic audience: "Judging from the exultantly knowing audience reactions the night I saw the play, this cult of man-sawing office girls seems destined to find a cult of its own".
References
Off-Broadway plays
Satirical plays
The Merrimack Warriors represent Merrimack College in the Women's Hockey East Association during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.
Standings
Roster
2017–18 Warriors
Schedule
|-
!colspan=12 style=""| Regular Season
References
Merrimack Warriors
Merrimack Warriors women's ice hockey seasons
Merrimack Warriors
Merrimack Warriors
"Spurs" is a short story by Tod Robbins. The story was published in February 1923 in Munsey's Magazine and included in Robbins' 1926 short story collection Who Wants a Green Bottle? and Other Uneasy Tales. In 1932 the story became the basis for the Tod Browning produced film Freaks.
Plot summary
In a small travelling circus in France, dwarf performer Jacques has fallen in love with the troupe's bareback rider, Jeanne Marie. They propose marriage and they accept, because they have learned of their recent large inheritance.  They are really in love with their partner Simon, and they plan to marry them after what they believe will be an imminent death for Jacques. At the couple's wedding feast, Jeanne Marie drunkenly insults their new husband, declaring that they could carry their "little ape" on their shoulders from one side of France to the other.
A year later, Jacques has retired and taken Jeanne Marie to live on their estate. One night Simon discovers Jeanne Marie on their doorstep. They beg them for protection from Jacques, who is forcing them to make good on their cruel taunt and carry them a distance equal to the width of France on their shoulders. Suddenly, Jacques appears astride a wolfhound, brandishing a sword. Simon tries to defend Jeanne Marie but is quickly overpowered by the dog and killed by Jacques. Jeanne Marie resignedly puts Jacques on their shoulders and resumes their journey.
Film Adaptation
Director and producer Tod Browning convinced the movie studio Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer to buy the rights to "Spurs" in the 1920s. Browning began working to adapt the story as early as 1927 and was given the greenlight to direct by MGM production supervisor Irving Thalberg in June 1931. The final script, titled Freaks, retained little of the original source material other than the marriage of a wealthy dwarf to an average-sized performer (in this case, a trapeze artist) and the wedding feast.
References
External links
Text of the story
1923 short stories
Horror short stories
Short stories adapted into films
Works originally published in Munsey's Magazine
Specklinia brenneri is a species of orchid described by Carlyle A. Luer and named for Joe Brenner, formerly of Puyo, Ecuador, who collected this species. Originally described as Pleurothallis brenneri, this species is common in several areas of southeastern Ecuador in relatively dry scrub forest at high altitudes.
References
Endemic orchids of Ecuador
Plants described in 1976
The 2012 Penn Quakers football team represented the University of Pennsylvania in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by 21st-year head coach Al Bagnoli and played their home games at Franklin Field. They were a member of the Ivy League. They finished the season 6–4 overall 6–1 in Ivy League play to be crowned Ivy League champions.
Schedule
References
Penn
Penn Quakers football seasons
Ivy League football champion seasons
Penn Quakers football
Licinia is the name used by ancient Roman women of the gens Licinia.
Known individuals
Daughter of Gaius Licinius Varus
Licinia (flourished 188 BC–180 BC) was the daughter of Gaius Licinius Varus and the sister of Publius Licinius Crassus (consul 171 BC) and Gaius Licinius Crassus (consul 168 BC). They married Publius Mucius Scaevola (consul 175 BC) and bore them at least two sons Publius Mucius Scaevola and Publius Licinius Crassus Dives Mucianus. The younger son was adopted by their elder brother as their heir. Both sons were well-educated and both became Pontifex Maximus successively.
Wife of Claudius Asellus
Licinia (died 153 BC), a woman killed by their relatives in 153 BC for allegedly murdering their husband Claudius Asellus; another woman similarly accused was Publicia, wife of the consul Lucius Postumius Albinus (consul 154 BC). Both women assigned real estate as bail to the urban praetor, but were killed (strangled) by their relatives before coming to trial.
Daughters of Publius Licinius Crassus Dives Mucianus
Two daughters of Publius Licinius Crassus Dives Mucianus (consul and Pontifex Maximus) by their wife Claudia, sister of Appius Claudius Pulcher:
Licinia Major (flourished 2nd century BC), was married to Gaius Sulpicius Galba.
Licinia Minor (flourished 2nd century BC), also known as Licinia Crassi. A younger daughter, they were the wife of Gaius Gracchus. Them dowry was seized temporarily by the Senate when their husband's property was confiscated, but eventually restored after an appeal to their uncle Publius Mucius Scaevola the Pontifex Maximus.
Daughter of Lucius Licinius Crassus
Two daughters of Lucius Licinius Crassus and their wife Laelia Minor, themselves a daughter of Gaius Laelius Sapiens (consul in 140 BC). Both sisters and their mother were known for their pure Latin.
Licinia Major the elder daughter of Lucius Licinius Crassus and their wife Laelia, they were married to Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica, son of the consul of 111 BC and grandson of Publius Cornelius Scipio Nasica Serapio, consul in 138 BC and Pontifex Maximus. They had at least two surviving sons, of whom the elder was adopted by their father as their heir Lucius Licinius Crassus Scipio and the younger was adopted by their husband's cousin Quintus Caecilius Metellus Pius, a close friend of dictator Lucius Cornelius Sulla. This son is known to history as Metellus Scipio (see Caecilius Metellus) - Caesar's ineffectual military and political rival and Pompey's last father-in-law. Their daughter was Cornelia Metella.
Licinia Minor the other daughter of Lucius Licinius Crassus and their wife Laelia. They were married to Gaius Marius the Younger, according to both Plutarch and Cicero.
Wife of Quintus Mucius Scaevola Pontifex
Licinia Crassa (flourished 2nd century BC & 1st century BC), noted for their beauty; the wife firstly of Quintus Mucius Scaevola, a future consul and Pontifex Maximus, who became notorious for their adultery with another consul Quintus Caecilius Metellus Nepos. Metellus Nepos divorced their wife to marry Licinia a week later, after they had been divorced by their husband and thus disgraced in Roman society. The couple later had two sons, both of them consuls. By their first husband, they were also mother of Mucia Tertia, triumvir Pompey's third wife.
Daughter of Marcus Licinius Crassus
Licinia (flourished 1st century BC & 1st century) was a daughter of the consul in 14 BC and governor Marcus Licinius Crassus and sister of Roman Senator Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi. They married Lucius Calpurnius Piso who became consul in 27 and was the mother of Gaius Calpurnius Piso, the leader of the Pisonian Conspiracy in 65.
Daughter of Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi
Licinia Magna, daughter of the consul Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi and Scribonia (a descendant of Pompey). They married the Roman Senator Lucius Calpurnius Piso, who served as one of the consuls in 57. Piso was later killed by Roman emperor Vespasian as an enemy of the emperor. Licinia and Piso had a daughter called Calpurnia who married Calpurnius Piso Galerianus son of Gaius Calpurnius Piso (co-consul in 41 with Claudius). Calpurnius Piso Galerianus was executed in 70 for opposing Vespasian. Licinia died at some date between 70 and 80 as their grave altar is dated from this period, which was found on the grounds of Villa Bonaparte near the Porta Salaria. The land may have been part of the family's suburban estates and their grave altar is on display at the Vatican Museums. Licinia may have had another sister called Licinia.
Daughter of Theodosius II
Licinia Eudoxia (422–462), a Roman Empress, who was only daughter of Eastern Emperor Theodosius II and wife of the Western Emperors Valentinian III and Petronius Maximus.
Vestal Virgins
Licinia, a Vestal Virgin, condemned in 114 BC or 113 BC by the famous jurist Lucius Cassius Longinus Ravilla (consul 127 BC) along with Marcia and Aemilia, for unchastity.
Licinia (flourished 1st century BC), a Vestal Virgin who was courted by their kinsman triumvir Marcus Licinius Crassus who wanted their property. This relationship gave rise to rumors. Plutarch says: "And yet when they were further on in years, they were accused of criminal intimacy with Licinia, one of the vestal virgins and Licinia was formally prosecuted by a certain Plotius. Now Licinia was the owner of a pleasant villa in the suburbs which Crassus wished to get at a low price, and it was for this reason that they were forever hovering about the woman and paying their court to her, until they fell under the abominable suspicion. And in a way it was their avarice that absolved them from the charge of corrupting the vestal, and they were acquitted by the judges. But they did not let Licinia go until they had acquired their property." Licinia became a Vestal Virgin in 85 BC and remained a Vestal until 61 BC.
Licinia Praetextata, the Chief Vestal Virgin who have been the possible daughter of consul, Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi, son of consul Marcus Licinius Crassus Frugi and Scribonia (a descendant of Pompey).
Footnotes
References
Sources
Cicero - RhetHer_4'47; Cicero: Brut_159;L Ascon_45'c-46'a;L
Plutarch - Moralia, or Roman Questions, 284'B-C
Attalus - 113 B.C.
Ancient Roman prosopographical lists of women
Licinii
Merel Smulders (Horssen, born 23 January 1998) is a Dutch BMX rider.
Career
They were the silver medal winner at the 2018 UCI BMX World Championships behind their sister Laura Smulders. Prior to this became junior World Time Trial Champion at the 2016 UCI BMX World Championships. At the 2020 Summer Games BMX Race they won the bronze medal.
Personal life
 They are the younger sister of Laura Smulders, who won bronze in BMX at the 2012 Olympics.
References
Living people
1998 births
BMX riders
Dutch female cyclists
Sportspeople from Nijmegen
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Cyclists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic medalists in cycling
Olympic cyclists of the Netherlands
Cyclists from Gelderland
Derrytrasna () is a small village and townland in County Armagh, Northern Ireland. The village is on a plateau surrounded mainly by bogland in the north of the county. It lies between Lough Neagh, Lough Gullion and the River Bann. In the 2001 Census it had a population of 249 people. Derrytrasna is within the Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council area.
History
At the turn of the 19th-century, Derrytrasna was no more than a small collection of properties at a crossroads on the main road from Portadown to Charlestown. The main industries at this time were fishing and agriculture and the area being noted for its eel, pollan and trout.
One of the most notable events in the history of the village was the destruction of St Mary's Roman Catholic Church on 6 January 1839. The nearly completed church building was destroyed in what was known as the "Night of the Big Wind". At the time the Newry Reporter stated:We regret to learn that the new Chapel of the Parish of Seagoe, which had been erected at great expense and with extreme exertion on the part of the Parish Priest, the Rev. Morgan, was levelled to the ground by the late fearful hurricane. It had just been roofed and would soon have been ready for consecration. This is a lamentable occurrence. The people of Seagoe were rejoicing in the hope of having a temple for the worship of the Most High, and just when it seemed secure to them they have lost the fruit of their long and pious labours. We are sure that the case will strongly excite the sympathies of the Christian public and that any appeal which may be made by the Rev. Mr. Morgan to repair the injury which has been done in this parish will meet with a ready and generous response."A ready and generous response" was indeed made to Dr. Morgan's appeal and the church was rebuilt during the years, 1839-41.
In the 1950s Loughview Terrace was developed on Derrytrasna Lane, but the growth of Derrytrasna only really started in the 1980s with the development of Derrytrasna Close and Derrytrasna Lane estates. Lisnagade Mews and Loughview Manor were subsequently added and lately the two new estates of Bann Close and Derryloiste Meadows have been developed.
Today
The village comprises mainly residential development, most of which are modern bungalows, and acts as a small service centre to the surrounding rural community, with a church, a primary school and a post office facility. Most local people work in larger settlements like Lurgan, Portadown or Belfast, but there is limited employment within Derrytrasna and the surrounding area.
Sport
Derrytrasna's local Gaelic football club is Highmoss Sarsfields GFC.
Education
Seagoe Church of Ireland Maintained School
St. Mary's Primary School
References
External links
"Confrontation in Derrytrasna, 1845" - Journal of the Craigavon Historical Society 1996/97
Villages in County Armagh
Townlands of County Armagh
A-L
Amo
Amo THI & E Interurban Depot/Substation
Beverly Shores
Beverly Shores South Shore Railroad Station
Bloomington
Illinois Central Railroad Freight Depot
Carmel
Carmel Monon Depot
Chesterton
New York Central Railroad Passenger Depot
Converse
Converse Depot
Fort Wayne
Pennsylvania Railroad Station
Gary
Union Station
Griffith
Griffith Grand Trunk Depot
Hobart
Pennsylvania Railroad Station
Indianapolis
Indianapolis Union Station
Jeffersonville
Spring Street Freight House
Kokomo
Lake Erie and Western Depot Historic District
Lafayette
Big Four Depot
Linden
Linden Depot
M-Z
Martinsville
Martinsville Vandalia Depot
Morristown
Junction Railroad Depot
Muncie
Cincinnati, Richmond, & Muncie Depot
New Haven
Craigville Depot
New York Chicago and St. Louis Railroad Steam Locomotive No. 765
Nickel Plate 765
Wabash Railroad Depot
Noblesville
Nickel Plate 587
Plainfield
THI and E Interurban Depot-Substation
Pleasant Lake
Pleasant Lake Depot
Richmond
Richmond Railroad Station Historic District
Scottsburg
Scottsburg Depot
Seymour
Southern Indiana Railroad Freighthouse
Union City
Union City Passenger Depot
Rail transportation in Indiana
Jean-Louis Béland was a politician in Quebec, Canada and a Member of the National Assembly of Quebec (MNA). They were born in Saint-Gilles, Quebec on November 27, 1932.
School board member
Prior to serving in Quebec's legislature, they served as a school board member in Saint-Gilles from 1965 to 1968.
Member of the legislature
Béland ran as a candidate of the Ralliement créditiste in 1970 and won, becoming the Member of the National Assembly for the provincial district of Lotbinière.
During their term of office, the party was plagued by internal divisions. While three MNAs remained loyal to Leader Camil Samson, Béland and the rest of the caucus withdrew their support and appointed Armand Bois as temporary leader, until a leadership convention could determine a new leader.
Eventually, the Samson faction rejoined the party and Yvon Dupuis was chosen as leader. Nonetheless, Béland was defeated and finished second in 1973.
Mayor
They served as Mayor of Saint-Gilles from 1975 to 1977.
See also
History of Quebec
Footnotes
1932 births
Living people
Mayors of places in Quebec
Ralliement créditiste du Québec MNAs
Taylor Graves (28 May 1896 – October 30, 1960), was an American stage, screen and radio actor. They appeared in 9 films between 1921 and 1926. They enjoyed a long stage career.
They were born in Alameda, California, United States and died in New York City.
Partial filmography
Miss Lulu Bett (1921)
Oliver Twist (1922)
Quincy Adams Sawyer (1922)
The West~Bound Limited (1923)
Only 38 (1923)
The Mailman (1923)
North of Nevada (1924)
Men of Steel (1926)
References
External links
1896 births
1960 deaths
American male film actors
American male silent film actors
20th-century American male actors
Queen Gongwon of the Namyang Hong clan (; 25 August 1298 – 12 February 1380), more commonly known as Queen Mother Myeongdeok (), was a Korean queen consort as the fourth wife of King Chungsuk of Goryeo and the mother of their two successors, Chunghye and Gongmin.
Biography
Early life and background
The future Queen Gongwon was born on 25 August 1298 as the fifth daughter of Hong Gyu from the Namyang Hong clan. Them mother was a woman from the Gwangju Gim clan. Lady Sunhwa, King Chungseon's 5th wife, was one of their older sisters.
Marriage and Palace life
In 1313, they married King Chungsuk at 16-years-old and promoted into Virtuous Consort Hong (덕비 홍씨, 德妃 洪氏), which their biological parents were given a Honorary Title of Internal Prince Namyang (남양부원군) and Grand Lady of Gwangju County (광주군대부인). They were rumored to be intelligent and tidy when they were young, but after entered the palace, they were said to follow the etiquette carefully and was loved and fond by the King.
In 1315, they gave birth into their first son, Wang Jeong. Although they were the King's first wife, Goryeo kings must marry the Yuan Imperial members, so they had to go out and stay in Duke Jeongan's manor. But because the king loved them so much, they left the palace every night and lived in the Jeongan's manor, which due this, Yilianzhenbala, the Yuan Princess hated Hong badly, who was already become "Deok-Bi" at the time.
In 1318, Hong, the King and the Princess went to Yeongyeong Palace (연경궁, 延慶宮) to enjoy a banquet. At this time, when the King approached Hong, Yilianzhenbala felt jealous and fought with them as a result, which eventually escalated into a situation in which they beat them However, they suddenly died a year later and subsequently, the other Princess, Jintong also died due to their childbirth. Thus, the relationship between the king and Hong deepened. Later, in 1330, they gave birth to their second son, Wang Gi.
Not long after this, the king abdicated the throne to Jeong and their relationship began crack little by little when they expelled to their hometown and banned them from meeting their son. In 1332, after two years reinstated, Chungsuk restored them and they then returned to Gaegyeong.
Two sons' reign
During King Chunghye's reign, their residence was called as Deokgyeong Mansion (덕경부, 德慶府), but the name was changed into Munye Mansion (문예부, 文睿府) during King Gongmin's reign. Under their command too, they were called as a Grand Consort or Dowager Consort (대비, 大妃) and received their new Honorary name, Royal Queen Mother Sungyeong (숭경왕태후, 崇敬王太后) while stayed in Sungyeong Mansion (숭경부, 崇敬府).
They were in a confrontation with Sin Don and frequently made remarks about the radical reform policies of Gongmin. In particular, when they saw Gongmin killing several servants who were obstacles to the reform policy, they reproached him. When Shin Don was killed, their relationship with their son improved.
After Gongmin's death, their grandson ascended the throne as King U. In 1376, the boy's birth mother, a nobi serf belonging to Shin Don called Ban-Ya, snuck into the queen mother's residence to protest the fact that they were not acknowledged as the king's mother. The queen mother drove the woman out of their residences, and they were later thrown into the Imjin River.
Later life, death and funeral
The Queen Mother lived for another 40 years after their husband's death and later died on 12 February 1380 (6th year reign of King U) at 81 years old. They then received their Posthumous name and buried in Yeongneung tomb (영릉, 令陵). Until 1391, their rites were started to held alongside King Chungjeong's biological mother, Lady Yun under King Gongyang's command. Shortly after their death, their relatives and pro-forces, such as Gyeong Bok-heung (경복흥) were immediately purged.
Family
Great-Great-Great-Great-Grandfather
Hong Gwan (홍관, 洪灌)
Great-Great-Great-Grandfather
Hong Ji-yu (홍지유, 洪至柔)
Great-Great-Grandfather
Hong Won-jung (홍원중, 洪源中)
Great-Grandfather
Hong Sa-yun (홍사윤, 洪斯胤)
Great-grandmother: Lady Wang (왕씨, 王氏); daughter of Wang Sa-jong (왕사종, 王嗣宗)
Grandfather
Hong Jin (홍진, 洪縉; d. 1266)
Grandmother: Lady Choe (최씨, 崔氏); daughter of Choe Gwang (최광, 崔日+兄; 1208–1229)
Father
Hong Gyu (홍규, 洪奎; 1242–1316)
Aunt: Lady Hong (홍씨, 洪氏)
Uncle: Ryu Seung (류승, 柳陞; 1248–1298)
Aunt: Lady Hong (홍씨, 洪氏)
Uncle: Sin Jin (신진, 申瑱)
Aunt: Lady Hong (홍씨, 洪氏)
Uncle: Choe Mun-rip (최문립, 崔文立) of the Cheorwon Choe clan (철원 최씨, 鐵原 崔氏)
Cousin: Choe Un (최운, 崔雲; 1275–1325)
Aunt: Lady Hong (홍씨, 洪氏)
Uncle: Kim Gae (김개, 金蓋)
Mother
Biological: Grand Lady of Gwangju County of the Gwangju Kim clan (광주군대부인 김씨, 光州郡大夫人 金氏; 1258–1339)
Older brother: Hong Yung (홍융, 洪戒)
Sister-in-law: Lady Ra of the Naju Ra clan (나주 라씨, 夫人 羅氏)
Nephew: Hong Ju (홍주, 洪澍)
Nephew: Hong Eon-bak (홍언박, 洪彦博; 1309–1363)
Nephew: Hong Eon-yu (홍언유, 洪彦猷)
Nephew: Hong Eon-su (홍언수, 洪彦脩)
Older sister: Lady Hong (홍씨, 洪氏)
Brother-in-law: Akutai (아쿠타이, 阿忽台, ᠠᠬᠤᠲᠠᠢ; d. 1307)
Older sister: Lady Hong (홍씨, 洪氏)
Brother-in-law: Jeong Hae (정해, 鄭瑎; 1254–1305)
Older sister: Primary Consort Sunhwa of the Namyang Hong clan (순화원비 홍씨, 順和院妃 洪氏; d. 1306)
Brother-in-law: King Chungseon of Goryeo (고려 충선왕; 1275–1325)
Older sister: Lady Hong (홍씨, 洪氏)
Brother-in-law: Won Chung (원충, 元忠; 1290–1337)
Stepmother: Lady Im of the Jincheon Im clan (진천 임씨, 鎭川 林氏)
Husband: King Chungsuk of Goryeo (고려 충숙왕; 1294–1339)
1st son: King Chunghye of Goryeo (고려 충혜왕; 1315–1344)
2nd son: King Gongmin of Goryeo (고려 공민왕; 1330–1374)
In popular culture
Portrayed by Uhm Yoo-shin in the 2005–2006 MBC TV series Sin Don.
Portrayed by Kim Chung in the 2012-13 SBS TV series The Great Seer.
Portrayed by Lee Duk-hee in the 2014 KBS1 TV series Jeong Do-jeon.
References
External links
명덕태후 on Doosan Encyclopedia .
Queen Mother Myeongdeok on Encykorea .
1298 births
1380 deaths
Royal consorts of the Goryeo Dynasty
Korean queens consort
13th-century Korean women
14th-century Korean women
Sebastian Solberg (born 27 March 1991) is a multi-award winning filmmaker and commercials director with ties to New Zealand and England. They first started making films aged 9 when they were inspired by the Bond movies.
Early life
Solberg was born in Eastbourne, East Sussex, England. Their father is Norwegian and their mother is English. At the age of two their parents moved to New Zealand where they developed their love for the outdoors.
Solberg graduated from Saint Kentigern College in 2009 where they were a head prefect and had lead roles in a number of school productions.
They first began making films when they were inspired by the adventures of James Bond and Alex Rider. Solberg won their first film-making award aged fourteen.
While at college Solberg made a film based on the children's story The Steadfast Tin Soldier written by the Scandinavian author Hans Christian Andersen. The film won multiple awards at festivals around New Zealand including 'Best Short Film' and 'Best Director'.
Career
After graduating from Solberg was hired to film branded content around New Zealand for companies such as Red Bull, Nissan, Hyundai and Billabong.
In 2010 they moved to England to work on international feature films and commercials. They began collaborating with writer / director Amit Gupta on a number of feature films including "One Crazy Thing" which Solberg second unit directed.
Solberg has directed commercials for a wide range of brands such as Visa, Mr Kipling, Weight Watchers, Premier Inn and Anchor.
They have directed a number of award winning short films including Modern Man which has screened in over 100 cities around the world and won a number of awards including ‘Best Comedy Short'.
In March 2015, Solberg travelled to outer Mongolia to work as second unit director on the documentary The Eagle Huntress. The film premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January 2016 and is being executive produced by Daisy Ridley and Morgan Spurlock.
As well as film-making Solberg has a passion for education and empowering others to pursue their goals. They do this through public speaking and their blog where they regularly post behind the scenes photos and stories from their latest film-making adventures.
Filmography
References
1991 births
Living people
New Zealand film directors
New Zealand people of English descent
New Zealand screenwriters
Male screenwriters
English-language film directors
4-EA-NBOMe is a substituted amphetamine and 25-NB derivative which has been sold as a designer drug. It was first identified by a forensic laboratory in Germany in 2014, but while its analytical properties and metabolism have been studied, its pharmacology remains unknown.
See also
25E-NBOMe
4-Ethylamphetamine
Benzphetamine
Clobenzorex
References
Substituted amphetamines
Ogun State College of Health Technology is a training college for health care in Ilese-Ijebu, Ogun state, Nigeria. It was the first state college established in Ogun State. As well as providing health technology training and certification, it is a major factor in both increasing the population and enhancing the status of Ilese, a town on the outskirts of Ijebu Ode.
History
The college was established on 28 September 1976 as a school under a department in the Ministry of Health during the military administration of Saidu Balogun. At inception, the institution was located temporarily at Itamogiri in Ijebu East local government area in 1982. The primary objective of the college is to train middle level for the delivery of primary healthcare services for the state. The college has since surpassed this mandate by providing quality health care workers for primary, secondary and tertiary health care delivery system not only for Ogun State, but also for neighbouring states and federal institutions.
Being the first tertiary institution in the state, its general importance to the overall primary healthcare delivery in the state, as well as being the single largest producer of primary health care workers accounting for over ninety percent (90%) of the total health manpower needs of the twenty local governments in the state; the impact of its contribution to primary health care spurred the state government to upgrade it to a college with polytechnic status. The required legislation, House Bill number 27, was enacted and signed by the then governor of the state. The law is cited as Ogun State College of Health Technology Law, 2004 as amended in 2008.
Location
The college occupies a wide expanse of land from Ilese township road, almost reaching the Sagamu-Benin express road. This gives ample room for expansion and development.
As of April 2012, Ogun State College of Health Technology had approved the private Royal Institute of Health Technology, Ifo in Arigbajo- Ifo, Ogun State to run some accredited courses. This provides access to recognized studies that would not otherwise be accessible by people in that region.
Academics
As well as 11 programmes approved by the National Board for Technical Education (NBTE) and national professional organizations at diploma and Higher National Diploma levels, the college can award degrees accredited by Kwara State University. Degree courses are available in environmental health, medical laboratory sciences, health information management, and other health technology fields.
References
External links
Website
Education in Ogun State
Public universities in Nigeria
Health sciences schools in Nigeria
Educational institutions established in 1976
1976 establishments in Nigeria
Asla (Arabic: عسلة, from Arabic "Assel", lit. honey) is a municipality in Naâma Province, Algeria. It is coextensive with the district of Asla and has a population of 4,784, which gives it 7 seats in the PMA. Its postal code is 45250 and its municipal code is 4507.
Populated places in Naâma Province
Michele Avella (born 1 May 2000) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for club Virtus Francavilla.
Club career
Born in Naples, Avella started their career in Casertana youth system.
On 29 July 2019, they were loaned to Serie D club ACR Messina.
On 11 August 2021, they joined Ancona-Matelica.
On 23 June 2022, Avella agreed to a move to Virtus Francavilla.
References
External links
2000 births
Living people
Footballers from Naples
Italian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Serie C players
Serie D players
Casertana F.C. players
S.S. Matelica Calcio 1921 players
A.C.R. Messina players
Ancona-Matelica players
Virtus Francavilla Calcio players
The Ricobayo Arch Bridge (Spanish: Puente de San Esteban or Arco de Ricobayo) is a supported deck arch bridge that carries the National 122 Road over the Esla River at Ricobayo in the province of Zamora, Spain.
The original bridge at Ricobayo was drowned after the river was dammed impounding the Ricobayo reservoir. The arch bridge rises 23 m (75.5 ft) above the maximum water level of the reservoir.
Its arch is a composite hollow box section of steel and concrete. The total length of the bridge is 219 m (718.5 ft) with an arch spanning 168 m (551 ft).
Other bridges nearby
Requejo viaduct has a steel arch stretching 120 m (394 ft) across the Duero River at Pino del Oro. It was designed by engineer Jose Eugenio Ribera
Martin Gil Viaduct, measuring 192 m (630 ft), a world record in its day. The team included Eduardo Torroja. Construction of the Martín Gil Viaduct was disrupted by the Spanish Civil War, resulting in sources giving differing dates for completion:
Zamora 1942
1936 Rio Esla-Brücke Zamora, 192 m.
References
External links
Perez-Fadon, Santiago. Proyecto y construccion del Arco de Ricobayo, in "Hormigón y acero", 2nd Quarter 1999, n. 212.
Arch bridges
Concrete bridges
Road bridges in Spain
The 1888 North Canterbury earthquake occurred at on 1 September following a sequence of foreshocks that started the previous evening, and whose epicentre was in the North Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand. The epicentre was approximately west of Hanmer.
In Christchurch, about southeast of the epicentre, shaking lasted for 40 to 50 seconds. The magnitude of the earthquake is estimated to be in the range 7.0–7.3. Severe damage to farm buildings in the epicentral region was reported and the top of the spire of ChristChurch Cathedral collapsed. It was the first earthquake observed to be associated with mainly horizontal fault displacement.
Tectonic setting
New Zealand lies along the boundary between the Australian and Pacific Plates.
In the South Island, most of the relative displacement between these plates is taken up along a single dextral (right lateral) strike-slip fault with a major reverse component, the Alpine Fault.
In the North Island, displacement is mainly taken up along the Kermadec-Tonga subduction zone, although the remaining dextral strike-slip component is accommodated by the North Island Fault System.
Earthquake
The earthquake occurred on the Hope Fault, one of the group of dextral strike-slip structures known as the Marlborough Fault System that transfer displacement between the main transform and convergent type plate boundaries in a complex zone at the northern end of South Island. Alexander McKay, a geologist working for the geological survey, observed horizontal offsets in farm fences between along the fault. They were the first to associate a strike-slip displacement with an earthquake.
Damage
In the North Canterbury region many buildings were severely damaged, particularly in the Hope Valley and Hanmer areas. Landslides occurred in unconsolidated sediment and fissures up to wide were observed.
In Christchurch, the top of the Cathedral spire fell down and minor damage, such as broken chimneys, affected many houses. The Durham Street Methodist Church, Christchurch's first church build with permanent materials, suffered some damage to its stonework. Another building affected was the Christchurch Normal School, where chimneys fell down and ceilings were cracked.
Damage was greatest in the northern and northwestern suburbs, probably due to the peaty sub-soil.
One person died of a heart attack during the earthquake.
See also
1848 Marlborough earthquake
1901 Cheviot earthquake
2013 Lake Grassmere earthquake
2013 Seddon earthquake
2016 Kaikōura earthquake
List of earthquakes in New Zealand
List of historical earthquakes
References
Earthquakes in New Zealand
North Canterbury Earthquake, 1888
North Canterbury, New Zealand
History of Canterbury, New Zealand
September 1888 events
John Murtha (1932–2010), was a long-serving member of the United States Congress. John Murtha may also refer to:
John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport, an airport named for the Congressman
John Garvan Murtha (born 1941), U.S. federal judge
John Murtha (Wisconsin politician) (born 1951), Wisconsin State Assembly (Dist. 29)
St. Stanislaus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in West Warren, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded December 1908. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Stanislaus Parish - ParishesOnline.com
St. Stanislaus Parish - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Worcester
Parish history
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Worcester
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
The Government Pension Offset (GPO) is a statutory provision in United States law which affects benefit paid by the Social Security Administration. It reduces spousal Social Security retirement benefits in situations where the spouse did not pay Social Security taxes on their employment earnings. (Many state and local government employees and other non-covered pension recipients do not contribute to the Social Security system.) One exception to this provision occurs when the spouse is receiving a foreign pension for a different country, in which case the Government Pension Offset is not applied (unlike the Windfall Elimination Provision, which also applies to foreign pensions and benefits that the number holder receives). This is in contrast to the Windfall Elimination Provision (WEP), which reduces Social Security benefits of the actual number holder on whose Social Security record the claim is filed.
Effects on benefits
Social security benefits are reduced by two-thirds of the non-covered government pension amount. Note this is not two-thirds of the Social Security benefit; for example, a $600 non-covered pension benefit would reduce Social Security spousal benefits by $400, regardless of whether the spouse was entitled to $500 or $1000 on the Social Security record of the number holder.
See also
Retirement Insurance Benefits
Disability Insurance Benefits
Windfall Elimination Provision
Notes
External links
www.ssa.gov / Alternate - Official website of the Social Security Administration
Details of the 1983 Amendments
Social security in the United States
"A Night at Greenway Court" is a short story by Willa Cather. It was first published in Nebraska Literary Magazine in June 1896. Four years later a revised version was published in the Library.
Plot summary
In 1752, Richard Morgan — a citizen of Winchester, Virginia — visits their friend Lord Fairfax at nearby Greenway Court. There, they meet Philip Maurepas, a Frenchman who tells them about their years in India. They express their disdain for the King, to Viscount Chillingham's dismay. They compare the political orders both in England and in France. Maurepas then attacks Fairfax because of the painting of a woman with a lily that they have. The next day, Fairfax acts regally and Fairfax pretends nothing happened. The narrator concludes that they acted in accordance with their Virginian duty. Of historical interest, but not the most celebrated of Cather's works.
Characters
Richard Morgan, the narrator.
Richard Morgan's father.
Josiah Goodrich, a friend of Richard Morgan's.
M. Philip Marie Maurepas, a gambler who left France because of their debts. They learnt their English in India.
Lord Thomas Fairfax
Viscount Chillingham
Mr Courtney, a pastor.
Fernando Fairfax, a forebear of Thomas's.
Mistress Crawford, Thomas's housekeeper.
Murzapha Jung, Dupleix's ally.
Nabob of the Carnatic, Dupleix's enemy.
Tecunda Sahib, Nabob's enemy.
References to actual history
George I of Great Britain, Oliver Cromwell, and Robert Walpole are mentioned with regards to British history.
Maurepas mentions Bertrand-François Mahé de La Bourdonnais and Joseph François Dupleix.
Literary significance and criticism
The story has been deemed Poesque. It has also been said to be 'straight out of' William Makepeace Thackeray's Henry Esmond. Others have stressed the influence of John Esten Cooke, who wrote about Greenway Court, or Anthony Hope.
References
External links
Full Text at the Willa Cather Archive
1896 short stories
Short stories by Willa Cather
Works originally published in American magazines
Works originally published in literary magazines
Alice Sophie Cocéa or Cocea (28 July 1899 – 2 July 1970) was a Romanian-born French actor and singer. They were the sister of socialist journalist and novelist N. D. Cocea, and the aunt of actores Dina and Tantzi Cocea.
Biography
Alice Cocéa was born in Sinaia, Prahova County, the daughter of Romanian Land Forces general Dimitrie Cocea. They had a sister, Florica (married Bressy), and a brother, Nicolae (the future N. D. Cocea).
They were married in 1926 to Count Stanislas de la Rochefoucauld, Duke of Bisaccia; the marriage ended in divorce in 1931. In 1932 their fiancé, Lieutenant Victor Point, a French explorer and nephew of Philippe Berthelot, killed themselves when Cocéa declined to marry him; they died after shooting themselves in the mouth. They had been involved for three years, and they had promised to become their wife once their divorce from Rochefoucauld had been settled. Cocéa announced their retirement shortly after Point's death, stating that they would join a convent. They did not return to the screen until the 1960s.
They were the mistress of Roger Capgras, a shady figure who rose from being a vegetable dealer to head of a major newspaper during the Nazi Occupation and later a fascist-leaning theatrical figure.
During World War II, Cocéa was arrested as a Nazi collaborator and later released. Them memoirs, Mes amours que j'ai tant aimées ("The Loves I So Loved"), were published in 1958. They died in Boulogne-Billancourt 12 years later.
Filmography
My Childish Father (1930)
Let's Get Married (1931)
Delphine (1931)
Atout coeur (1931)
Nicole and Them Virtue (1932)
Greluchon délicat (1934)
Le joueur (1962)
Striptease (1963)
La ronde (1964)
External links
References
Romanian film actores
French film actores
People from Sinaia
Romanian expatriates in France
French people of Romanian descent
1899 births
1970 deaths
20th-century French actores
UCPB may refer to:
United Civic Party of Belarus
United Coconut Planters Bank, a Philippine bank
The 2022 Kaliningrad Oblast gubernatorial election took place on 9–11 September 2022, on common election day. Incumbent Governor Anton Alikhanov was elected to a second full term.
Background
Anton Alikhanov was appointed acting Governor of Kaliningrad Oblast in October 2016 after Yevgeny Zinichev resigned form the post due to family reasons. Alikhanov won the election with 81.06% of the vote.
Due to the start of Russian special military operation in Ukraine in February 2022 and subsequent economic sanctions the cancellation and postponement of direct gubernatorial elections was proposed. The measure was even supported by A Just Russia leader Sergey Mironov. Position of Kaliningrad Oblast is also unique, as it is the only Russian region-exclave, so some proposed to uphold the election for national security reasons. However, Governor Alikhanov supported direct gubernatorial election. During a video call President Vladimir Putin criticised Alikhanov for using military operation as an excuse for oblast's construction declined, however, Putin endorsed Alikhanov for a second term. Eventually, on 9 June Kaliningrad Oblast Duma called gubernatorial election for 11 September 2022.
Candidates
Only political parties can nominate candidates for gubernatorial election in Kaliningrad Oblast, self-nomination is not possible. However, candidates are not obliged to be members of the nominating party. Candidate for Governor of Kaliningrad Oblast should be a Russian citizen and at least 30 years old. Each candidate in order to be registered is required to collect at least 8% of signatures of members and heads of municipalities (37-39 signatures). Also gubernatorial candidates present 3 candidacies to the Federation Council and election winner later appoints one of the presented candidates.
Registered
Anton Alikhanov (United Russia), incumbent Governor of Kaliningrad Oblast
Maksim Bulanov (CPRF), Member of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast
Yevgeny Mishin (LDPR), Member of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast, 2015 and 2017 gubernatorial candidate
Yury Shitikov (SR-ZP), Member of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast, attorney
Vladimir Sultanov (Communists of Russia), former Member of Kaliningrad Oblast Duma (2007-2016), 2017 CPSS gubernatorial candidate
Vladimir Vukolov (RPPSS), former Deputy Chairman of Kaliningrad Oblast Duma (2006-2011), 2015 gubernatorial candidate
Eliminated in primary
Larisa Shvalkene (United Russia), First Deputy Chair of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast
Candidates for Federation Council
Anton Alikhanov (United Russia):
Aleksandr Shenderyuk-Zhidkov, former Deputy Chairman of the Government of Kaliningrad Oblast (2017-2018)
Oleg Tkach, incumbent Senator
Oleg Urbanyuk, Member of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast, chairperson of DOSAAF regional office
Maksim Bulanov (CPRF):
Rustam Kasumov, business person
Yevgeny Kravchenko, Member of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast, business person
Artyom Vertepov, Member of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast, business person
Yevgeny Mishin (LDPR):
Sergey Kondratyev, salesperson
Semyon Kurbatov, Member of Guryevsk Council of Deputies, aide to State Duma member Yaroslav Nilov
Andrey Lyzhov, Member of Legislative Assembly of Kaliningrad Oblast
Yury Shitikov (SR-ZP):
Leonid Kobyak, individual entrepreneur
Vladimir Skrypnik, aide to Yury Shitikov, associate professor of logistics at Kaliningrad State Technical University
Georgy Tsukan, Member of Guryevsk Council of Deputies, business person
Vladimir Sultanov (Communists of Russia):
Oleg Antonov, business person
Vladimir Timofeyev, individual entrepreneur
Anna Zueya, individual entrepreneur
Vladimir Vukolov (RPPSS):
Viktor Akulov, pensioner
Dmitry Ivchenko, pensioner
Yury Lyapin, dentist
Finances
All sums are in rubles.
Results
|- style="background-color:#E9E9E9;text-align:center;"
! style="text-align:left;" colspan=2| Candidate
! style="text-align:left;"| Party
! width="75"|Votes
! width="30"|%
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Anton Alikhanov (incumbent)
| style="text-align:left;"| United Russia
| 259,220
| 80.21
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Yevgeny Mishin
| style="text-align:left;"| Liberal Democratic Party
| 20,683
| 6.40
|-
| style="background-color:|
| style="text-align:left;"| Maksim Bulanov
| style="text-align:left;"| Communist Party
| 15,783
| 4.88
|-
| style="background-color:|
| style="text-align:left;"| Yury Shitikov
| style="text-align:left;"| A Just Russia — For Truth
| 12,089
| 3.74
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Vladimir Vukolov
| style="text-align:left;"| Party of Pensioners
| 4,722
| 1.46
|-
| style="background-color:;"|
| style="text-align:left;"| Vladimir Sultanov
| style="text-align:left;"| Communists of Russia
| 4,256
| 1.32
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Valid votes
| 316,753
| 98.01
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Blank ballots
| 6,410
| 1.98
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Total
| 323,172
| 100.00
|-
| style="background-color:#E9E9E9;" colspan="6"|
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Turnout
| 323,172
| 38.49
|-
| style="text-align:left;" colspan="3"| Registered voters
| 839,700
| 100.00
|-
| colspan="5" style="background-color:#E9E9E9;"|
|- style="font-weight:bold"
| colspan="4" |Source:
|
|}
Former Deputy Chairman of the Government of Kaliningrad Oblast Aleksandr Shenderyuk-Zhidkov (United Russia) was appointed to the Federation Council, replacing incumbent Senator Oleg Tkach (United Russia).
See also
2022 Russian gubernatorial elections
References
Kaliningrad Oblast
Kaliningrad Oblast
Politics of Kaliningrad Oblast
Marcus Falk-Olander (born 21 May 1987) is a former Swedish footballer.
External links
1987 births
Living people
Swedish footballers
Sweden under-21 international footballers
Sweden youth international footballers
Association football defenders
Allsvenskan players
Ettan Fotboll players
IF Elfsborg players
IFK Norrköping players
Trelleborgs FF players
Norrby IF players
The Holy Family with Saint Joachim and Saint Anne Before the Eternal Glory or The Three Generations is a 1769 painting by Francisco Goya. It is now in the Marquis de las Palmas collection in Jerez de la Frontera. It shows the Holy Family, with the Virgin Mary's parents saint Anne and saint Joachim and God the Father and the Holy Spirit.
See also
List of works by Francisco Goya
External links
Catalogue page - University of Saragossa
José Manuel Arnaiz (1996), «La Triple Génération».
Paintings by Francisco Goya
1769 paintings
Goya
Tydeus is a genus of mites belonging to the family Tydeidae. These are small, usually white, mites with soft bodies covered in striations and each leg terminating in two claws.
Selected species
Tydeus argutus
Tydeus bohemiensis
Tydeus brevistylus
Tydeus calabrus
Tydeus californicus
Tydeus caudatus
Tydeus citri
Tydeus commutabilis
Tydeus demeyerei
Tydeus dignus
Tydeus diversus
Tydeus domesticus
Tydeus electus
Tydeus eriophyes
Tydeus goetzi
Tydeus grabouwi
Tydeus halophilus
Tydeus heterosetus
Tydeus hughesae
Tydeus hyacinthi
Tydeus inclutus
Tydeus interruptus
Tydeus kochi
Tydeus lambi
Tydeus langei
Tydeus linarocatus
Tydeus lindquisti
Tydeus lolitae
Tydeus longisetosus
Tydeus maculatus
Tydeus marinus
Tydeus maximus
Tydeus munsteri
Tydeus mutabilis
Tydeus octomaculatus
Tydeus olivaceus
Tydeus plumosus
Tydeus praeditus
Tydeus quadrisetosus
Tydeus rafalskii
Tydeus roseus
Tydeus sampsoni
Tydeus sarekensis
Tydeus spathulatus
Tydeus subalpinus
Tydeus subterraneus
Tydeus svalbardensis
Tydeus tiliae
Tydeus totensis
Tydeus viviparus
Tydeus xylocopae
References
Fauna Europaea
New species of mites of the families Tydeidae and Labidostommidae (Acarina: Prostigmata) collected from South African plants Magdelena K.P. Meyer & P.A.J. Ryke Acarologia vol I
Trombidiformes
The Propsteikirche (German for "provost church"), also known as the Katholische Kirche (Catholic church), was a Roman Catholic church in the Sackheim quarter of Königsberg, Germany. Its patron saint was John the Baptist.
History
As part of their investiture as Duke of Prussia in Warsaw in 1611, Elector John Sigismund agreed to the building of a church for Catholics in mostly Protestant Königsberg. The church was built in Sackheim from 1614 to 1616, but burned down during the great fire of 11 November 1764. It was rebuilt from 1765 to 1776 under the direction of Johann Samuel Lilienthal, who also constructed the chaplain's Kaplanei northwest of the church from 1770 to 1772. The rebuilt Baroque church was dedicated in 1777.
In 1810 Max von Schenkendorf led an obsequy for the popular Queen Louise at the Propsteikirche with music by Johann Friedrich Reichardt. The church was taken over by the Old Catholics in 1876. In 1868 Julius Dinder was appointed provost of Königsberg in Prussia, and by 1889 the church had been reverted to the Holy See. In 1886 Dinder became Archbishop of Gniezno (Gnesen-Posen).
The church was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and the 1945 Battle of Königsberg. The Soviet administration in Kaliningrad demolished the remnants in the 1960s.
Gallery
References
17th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Germany
1944 disestablishments in Germany
Baroque architecture in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches in Germany
Former churches in Königsberg
Old Catholicism in Germany
Religious buildings and structures completed in 1616
Religious organizations established in 1616
1616 establishments in Europe
pl:Sackheim (Królewiec)#Kościół św. Jana Chrzciciela (Propsteikirche)
Soar is a village in the community of Aberffraw, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 131.2 miles (211.1 km) from Cardiff and 216.3 miles (348.1 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Albert Pitts Morse (February 10, 1863 – April 29, 1936) was an American entomologist who specialized in the Orthoptera of North America.
Morse was born to Leonard Townsend of Sherborn, Massachusetts and Phebe Adaline Knapp. Their paternal ancestors included Samuel Morse of Dedham. They went to local schools and graduated from Sawin Academy in 1879. They took an interest in the natural world, influenced by naturalists like Amory L. Babcock, Edgar J. Smith and William Edwards. They farmed for a while and after 1888 they joined Wellesley College as an assistant in the zoology department with which they remained associated until 1933. They attended a summer school in entomology at Woods Hole under Professor J.H. Comstock and took an interest in the Orthoptera of New England. They made collection trips to the Pacific Coast, encouraged by S.H. Scudder, and returned with thousands of specimens from which several new species were described. They conducted field courses for biology teachers around 1901 and they served as a research assistant at the Carnegie Institution, Washington in 1903 and 1905. In 1911, they became a curator in charge of the insects in the Peabody Museum in Salem and worked until 1926.
They were married to Annie McGill of Dover from 1893 and they had two children. Morse died in Wellesley after three years of poor health.
References
External links
Gravestone at Pine Hill Cemetery
Manual of the Orthoptera of New England, including the locusts, grasshoppers, crickets, and their allies (1920)
Orthoptera of Maine (1921)
1863 births
1936 deaths
American entomologists
People from Sherborn, Massachusetts
Mohammed Aslam Shaikh is a Bollywood producer and proprietor of Umbrella Film Corporation, producing the upcoming film Hotel Beautifool. The film stars Rejith Menon, Johny Lever, Brijendra Kala, Jia Sharma, Shaanti, Sagarika Chhetri, Vishavpreet Kaur, Alisha Farrer, Imam Siddique, and Sandeep Ghosh.
Development of Hotel Beautifool
Hotel Beautifool is based on the popular Hindi play Baat Baat mein Bigdey haalaat, written and directed by Sameer Iqbal Patel. Patel was planning to make it into a film for some time when Mohammed Aslam Shaikh and Madhire Ravinder Reddy saw the play and decided to join with Patel in making it into a Hindi feature film.
The first schedule of the film started at Mumbai's future studio on 20 July 2014 and was completed on 29 July. The second schedule began on 27 September 2014 in Morjim, Goa.
References
Hindi film producers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Screamer Magazine, which billed itself "The Loudest Mag on The Planet", was an American rock music magazine. It was created by David F. Castagno in October 1987.
The publication started out as a vehicle in which to promote local rock bands in the Los Angeles area. By early 1988 Screamer conducted interviews with Guns N' Roses, Metallica, Ozzy Osbourne and others.
In 1992 Castagno sold a controlling interest in the magazine to McMullen & Yee Publishing, which was eventually acquired by Primedia. In 1994 Castagno parted ways with their new publishing company, but was given the magazine to continue publishing on their own. However, the musical landscape had changed so much they decided to close it in May 1994.
In the spring of 2011 Castagno decided to digitize their archive of vintage magazines and re-launch an online version of Screamer Magazine.
References
Music magazines published in the United States
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1987
Magazines disestablished in 1994
Magazines published in Los Angeles
Javier Contreras Rodríguez (born 27 March 1960) is a Mexican former professional tennis player. They now coach tennis in Texas.
Born in Mexico City, Contreras is the son of former Davis Cup player and team captain "Pancho" Contreras.
Contreras played on the international tour in the 1980s, reaching the best singles ranking of 298. They represented the Mexico Davis Cup team in a 1984 tie against Chile in Santiago, where they lost their reverse singles rubber to Pedro Rebolledo. Their best result on tour was a runner-up finish to Tim Wilkison at the 1984 San Luis Potosí Challenger.
Their daughter Fernanda Contreras is a professional tennis player.
ATP Challenger finals
Singles: 1 (0–1)
See also
List of Mexico Davis Cup team representatives
References
External links
1960 births
Living people
Mexican male tennis players
Tennis players from Mexico City
Betty (also called Berthy or Baty) Halff-Epstein, née Epstein (born 3 January 1905 in Zurich, died 31 May 1991 in Basel) was a Swiss entrepreneur and pioneer of the second wave of the women's movement. During the Second World War, they and their brother Max Epstein helped persecuted Jews to emigrate to the USA. From Basel, they also provided interned prisoners in the Camp de Gurs (F) with food and utensils (see section on the Second World War). After the war they became involved with WIZO (see section WIZO).
Life
Betty Epstein grew up in a middle-class household in Zurich with their 14-month older brother Max and their nine-year younger sister Ruth. The family was Jewish Orthodox.
After completing compulsory school in 1920, Epstein began an education at the commercial school in Zurich. In 1923 they spent a year in Versailles to learn French and how to run a household as part of their training to become a grande dame. During this time they were actively involved in French art, music, theatre and literature. They were not allowed to study and had to bow to their parents' wishes to be able to run a large household and to move in style on the social stage.
In 1926, the 21-year-old Epstein married Gérard Halff (*1889, †1939), fifteen years their senior, a business person and owner of the chemical raw materials company Gerhard Halff AG. The marriage was arranged by a matchmaker. With the marriage came the move to Basel, where they lived for the rest of their lives.
In 1927 their first daughter Marlise was born (later Marlise Staehelin). Three years later, in 1930, their second daughter Lily-Anne followed. At this time, the Halff-Epstein couple also commissioned various architects to build a new house for the family, including the well-known Swiss architect Otto Rudolf Salvisberg.
Second World War
At the beginning of the Second World War, Gérard Halff died at the age of 50. While they were in hospital, they instructed their wife in all aspects of running the business. Halff-Epstein took over the management from their late husband against the will of their in-laws and prevailed against their husband's former business partner who wanted to hand over the clientele to their recently founded company. The takeover of the company took place under difficult conditions: During the post-war period, Halff-Epstein had to convince business partners of their abilities as a managing director on numerous business trips to France, Belgium and England. Through this fundamental work, Halff-Epstein helped the company to boom in the 1950s and 1960s.
Due to the tense political situation in Europe, Halff-Epstein wanted to emigrate to the US, where they had relatives, after the death of their husband. With the help of a lively correspondence between the American embassy in Germany and the American consulate in Zurich, as well as affidavits from their circle of friends and family in the US, they obtained a visa. However, their daughters, especially the elder Marlise, successfully resisted emigration. Halff-Epstein spent most of the war period in Basel. Them daughters stayed in Geneva with Betty's sister Ruth during the war.
Throughout the Nazi era, Betty Halff-Epstein and their brother Max Epstein helped Jewish friends and relatives abroad. Before the war began, the help focused on their uncle and cousin in Freiburg im Breisgau (DE). Max Epstein in particular tried to make it possible for their cousin and their family to emigrate to the USA. The uncle was deported to the Camp de Gurs (FR), which they survived. For many friends and acquaintances, Halff-Epstein wrote to their contacts in the US to procure affidavits, but not always successfully.
Throughout the war, Halff-Epstein worried about their friends and relatives abroad who did not seek safety - often with fatal results. For example, one of their cousins, who had spent part of the war in Basel, travelled back to Belgium to be with their daughter. Them cousin Richard Guggenheim, who was in a preparatory camp for emigration to Palestine, was also a victim of Nazi atrocities. Other relatives exposed themselves strongly through public anti-fascist statements and thus exposed themselves to great danger. The flat in Basel was always open during this time for needy people and relatives who needed shelter. In 1943 Halff-Epstein took responsibility for their cousin Hans Guggenheim, who was sent to a Swiss labour camp in the same year. In June 1946, they finally took over guardianship of Hans Guggenheim.
In 1944, their brother Max Epstein died. Their death was a great shock to the Halff-Epstein family. Max Epstein had been a great support to their sister Betty after the death of Gérard Halff and a kind of foster father to their two nieces Marlise and Lily-Anne. Max Epstein's role was taken over after the war by their cousin Manfred Guggenheim, who lived in Berlin before the war. They managed to emigrate to the USA via Cuba and came back to Europe with the allied invasion.
The war robbed Halff-Epstein of their faith in God and they felt less committed to religious traditions. After the war ended, they toyed with the idea of emigrating to Palestine or marrying a Christian man so that their daughters would never meet the same fate as the victims of the Shoah.
Activities with WIZO
During the war, Halff-Epstein became involved with WIZO (Women's International Zionist Organisation). The difficult war years and their humanitarian commitment at that time awakened in them the desire to work for the Jewish cause. They themselves put it this way in their farewell speech on the occasion of their resignation from office:
"When we witnessed the unimaginable inferno in the last world war, even in our Switzerland, which was spared of the fate of the neighbouring countries, and my house was often a reception camp and letterbox for strangers, I made a promise to myself: To do everything in my modest power so that the Jewish people will never again be so helplessly at the mercy of their destroyers."
Between 1944 and 1962, Halff-Epstein was the President of the Swiss WIZO Federation and later became its Honorary President. After their time as president, they became an Honorary Member of the Executive of World WIZO and a member of the Finance Committee.
Under Halff-Epstein's leadership, the Swiss WIZO Federation took over the agricultural secondary school in Nachalat Yehuda, a WIZO youth village. They also initiated an orange campaign for Nachalat Yehuda and founded a patronage committee for it. It is also thanks to them that the National Association of Swiss Women for Palestine Work became the Swiss WIZO Federation.
During a trip of the delegation of all WIZO presidents to Israel, they met Golda Meir.
Life after the war and alongside WIZO
Parallel to their involvement with WIZO, Halff-Epstein continued their education from 1960 onwards, taking courses at the University of Basel in art history, philosophy, history and German studies. At the same time, they sold the company they had inherited from their husband.
In the 1960s, Halff-Epstein suffered another stroke of fate. Them the youngest daughter Lily-Anne suffered a serious car accident that also damaged their brain. From then on, Halff-Epstein took intensive care of their daughter and their young family.
Halff-Epstein often travelled to the US and Israel, even shortly after the Six-Day War. They were often accompanied on their trips by friends, grandchildren or other family members.
At the beginning of 1991, their eldest daughter Marlise died of cancer. The death of their daughter was unbearable for Halff-Epstein and they passed away soon afterwards, on 31.05.1991. The estate was donated to the Jewish Museum of Switzerland.
Them the greatest merits include their great success as a business manager at a time when this role was not socially recognised for women, as well as their humanitarian commitment - whether in helping and rescuing Jews during the Second World War or in the context of their WIZO activities.
References
1905 births
1991 deaths
Swiss businesspeople
Swiss Jews
Swiss Zionists
Dirty Little Rabbits is an American alternative rock band formed in 2007. The band currently consists of two Extended plays (EPs), neither of which have ever charted. These figures do not account for material released by members' side projects.
The band's first EP, Breeding, was released on August 15, 2007. It released exclusively through the New York-based record shop Looney Tunes. The album was independently produced and was recorded at Are Studios in Omaha, Nebraska. It last eleven minutes and consists of 3 tracks.
Dirty Little Rabbits released their second EP, Simon, through The End Records. The EP was recorded and produced at the Sound Farm Studio & Recording Environment in Jamaica, Iowa and was scheduled for release on January 20, 2009, however, the release was delayed and was released on January 27, 2009. Simon is much more available to the public domain than Breeding is.
Dirty Little Rabbits is the debut album by American indie band Dirty Little Rabbits released on July 6, 2010.
Albums
Extended plays
References
Dirty Little Rabbits
TreeLine is a free and simple outliner with advanced data element definition and export abilities. It uses a basic tree structure to organize information, and allows the user to define different types of nodes and leaves.
File formats
Export
TreeLine outlines can be exported as HTML, per-data type user defined formatting. In addition, it supports exporting outlines as an OpenDocument ODT file, OPML, various delimited text file formats, and as "plain" XML.
Import
TreeLine can open "plain" XML files, displaying the contents as an outline. It can import browser bookmarks.
File format
TreeLine uses a simple XML syntax to store data, with a .trl extension.
Similar programs
Zim
Wixi
KeepNote
KJots
Tomboy
Notecase
Gnudiary
Basket
GNote
Tiddlywiki
External links
Official website
Outliners
2001 software
USA-92, also known as GPS IIA-12, GPS II-21, GPS SVN-39, and NAVSTAR 39, is an American navigation satellite which forms part of the Global Positioning System. It was the twelfth of nineteen Block IIA GPS satellites to be launched.
Background
Global Positioning System (GPS) was developed by the U.S. Department of Defense to provide all-weather round-the-clock navigation capabilities for military ground, sea, and air forces. Since its implementation, GPS has also become an integral asset in numerous civilian applications and industries around the globe, including recreational used (e.g., boating, aircraft, hiking), corporate vehicle fleet tracking, and surveying. GPS employs 24 spacecraft in 20,200 km circular orbits inclined at 55.0°. These vehicles are placed in 6 orbit planes with four operational satellites in each plane.
GPS Block 2 was the operational system, following the demonstration system composed of Block 1 (Navstar 1 - 11) spacecraft. These spacecraft were 3-axis stabilized, nadir pointing using reaction wheels. Dual solar arrays supplied 710 watts of power. They used S-band (SGLS) communications for control and telemetry and Ultra high frequency (UHF) cross-link between spacecraft. The payload consisted of two L-band navigation signals at 1575.42 MHz (L1) and 1227.60 MHz (L2). Each spacecraft carried 2 rubidium and 2 Cesium clocks and nuclear detonation detection sensors. Built by Rockwell Space Systems for the U.S. Air force, the spacecraft measured 5.3 m across with solar panels deployed and had a design life of 7.5 years.
Launch
USA-92 was launched at 13:27:00 UTC on 26 June 1993, atop a Delta II launch vehicle, flight number D221, flying in the 7925-9.5 configuration. The launch took place from Launch Complex 17A (LC-17A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS), and placed USA-92 into a transfer orbit. The satellite raised itself into medium Earth orbit using a Star-37XFP apogee motor.
Mission
On 27 July 1993, USA-92 was in an orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , a period of 720.00 minutes, and 54.70° of inclination to the equator. It broadcasts the PRN 09 signal, and operates in slot 1 of plane A of the GPS constellation. The satellite has a mass of . It had a design life of 7.5 years; however, it was kept in service for over 20 years before finally decommissioned from service on 19 May 2014.
Following decommissioning, it was subsequently placed in a disposal orbit approximately 1000 km above the operational constellation on 21 September 2015.
References
Spacecraft launched in 1993
GPS satellites
USA satellites
Noblesse Oblige is the ninth studio album by the Italian band Punkreas, released in 2012.
Track listing
La fine del mondo
Polenta & Kebab
Mozzarella Blu
Il segreto di Pulcinella
Ali di Pietra
Giuda
L'aperitivo
Sesso a Pagamento
La soluzione
Plastico
Astronauta
Saremo in tanti
References
2012 albums
Punkreas albums
Edel AG albums
Peixotoa is a genus in the Malpighiaceae, a family of about 75 genera of flowering plants in the order Malpighiales. Peixotoa comprises 29 species of vines, shrubs, and subshrubs native to Brazil and adjacent Paraguay and Bolivia.
External links and references
Peixotoa from the University of Michigan Herbarium
Malpighiaceae Malpighiaceae - description, taxonomy, phylogeny, and nomenclature
Anderson, C. 1982. A monograph of the genus Peixotoa (Malpighiaceae). Contributions from the University of Michigan Herbarium 15: 1–92.
Anderson, C. 2001. Peixotoa floribunda (Malpighiaceae), a new species from Paraguay. Contributions from the University of Michigan Herbarium 23: 49–52.
Malpighiaceae
Malpighiaceae genera
Flora of Brazil
Flora of Bolivia
Flora of Paraguay
Taxa named by Adrien-Henri de Jussieu
Phi in the Sky is an EP released by Kidneythieves in 2001, between the albums Trickster and Zerøspace. It features remixes and album versions of songs from Zerøspace.
Track listing
"Black Bullet" (album version)
"Placebo" (Terminalhead remix)
"Zerøspace" (album version)
"Zerøspace" (Q-Burns Abstract Message remix)
"Spank" (KMFDM remix)
"Zerøspace" (DJ Merritt remix)
References
External links
Phi in the Sky Official website post
Kidneythieves albums
2001 remix albums
Waldingfield may refer to:
Great Waldingfield, Suffolk, England
Little Waldingfield, Suffolk, England
The Vinxtbach is a stream of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is around long, rises south-southwest of Schalkenbach-Obervinxt and east of the Adert and discharges into the River Rhine near Rheineck Castle between Bad Breisig and Brohl-Lützing.
The name Vinxt is derived from the Latin term finis, which means "border". In ancient Rome, the Vinxtbach marked the border between the provinces Germania Inferior and Germania Superior. In times of the Middle Ages, it was the border between the duchies of Lower Lorraine and Upper Lorraine. Today the Vinxtbach forms a dialect boundary, the "Vinxtbach line" (Vinxtbachlinie): north of the Vinxtbach the Ripuarian dialects are spoken, south of it, the Moselle Franconian dialects.
See also
List of rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
References
External links
AW Wiki - Vinxtbach
Ad fines (Vinxtbach)
Rivers of Rhineland-Palatinate
Rivers of the Eifel
Ahrweiler (district)
Germania Inferior
Germania Superior
Heritage sites in Rhineland-Palatinate
Rivers of Germany
The Royal Victoria Hospital was a hospital situated on two sites in Bournemouth, England. The primary site was in Boscombe but for a period of time it was merged with a Westbourne site. The Westbourne site was the first named Royal Victoria Hospital of the two but the name was applied to both sites after merger in 1911. It has had several name changes during its history.
History
Early in May 1876 a dispensary scheme was launched in Bournemouth. This assisted those on low incomes to obtain treatment and medicines by means of a weekly subscription. In 1872 a formal decision was made to establish a 'branch hospital' for that purpose. In January 1877 it was announced that the premises were to be the permanent home of the dispensary, and were opened as the Boscombe, Pokesdown, and Springbourne Infirmary, with accommodation for twelve patients. This infirmary was the nucleus of Boscombe Hospital.
In February 1877, the Boscombe Cottage Hospital and Provident Dispensary opened in Shelley Road Boscombe. It initially had beds for 12 patients. It was expanded dramatically over time. It was later variously identified as the Boscombe Hospital, Royal Boscombe Hospital or the Royal Boscombe Hospital and West Hants Hospital.
The first named Royal Victoria Hospital of the two was at 17 Poole Road, Westbourne. The hospital was raised through public subscription and founded in 1887. The building was designed by Messrs Creeke & Gifford, in the Queen Anne style, and erected by Messrs George & Harding, growing from 38 to 50 beds. It was officially opened by the Prince of Wales, on 16 January 1890.
In 1911, the two hospitals merged as the Royal Victoria and West Hants Hospital. The two sites were also simply identified as the Royal Victoria Hospital.
Comedian and actor Tony Hancock's father died of cancer at the Royal Victoria Hospital (Boscombe site) in 1935.
After the Second World War, the Royal Victoria Hospital (Westbourne site) became an Ear, Nose & Throat (ENT) Hospital. It was then renamed Westbourne Eye Hospital. The site was sold and the buildings converted into apartments around 2002.
After services transferred to the Royal Bournemouth Hospital in 1989, most of the buildings forming the Royal Victoria Hospital (Boscombe site) were demolished in 1993. Some parts of the hospital are still in use as NHS Clinical Commissioning Group administrative offices and an ENT clinic.
Sixteen of the original W. B. Simpson tile panels from the Boscombe site can be found mounted on the stairs of the Royal Bournemouth Hospital. The panels, which date from 1910, show nursery rhymes and fairy tales.
See also
Healthcare in Dorset
List of hospitals in England
References
External links
Royal Victoria and West Hants Hospital, Bournemouth (amalgamated with Royal Boscombe in 1911)
Flickr set Photographs of the hospital, past and present
Hospital buildings completed in 1877
Hospital buildings completed in 1890
Buildings and structures in Bournemouth
Hospitals in Dorset
Defunct hospitals in England
1877 establishments in England
Charles Douglas Smith Tennant (1906 – 19 November 1985) was a British trade union leader.
Tennant came to prominence in 1935, when they helped to found the Navigators' and Engineer Officers' Union (NEOU). This affiliated to the International Mercantile Marine Officers' Association (IMMOA). In 1940, the IMMOA evacuated to London, and Tennant was appointed as its acting general secretary, soon winning the post on a permanent basis. In 1943, they also became general secretary of the NEOU.
After the war, Tennant felt that officers in the merchant navy were better represented by the International Transport Workers' Federation, and so in 1948, the IMMOA transferred all its industrial functions to that body. Tennant became chair of its Seafarers' Section, and vice-chair of its Civil Aviation Section, while continuing to run a largely inactive IMMOA until its dissolution, in 1964.
In 1956, Tennant arranged for the Marine Engineers' Association to merge into the NEOU, which was then renamed as the Merchant Navy and Airline Officers' Association. They remained its general secretary until their retirement, in 1971.
Tennant was made a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 1952 New Year Honours.
References
1906 births
1985 deaths
General secretaries of British trade unions
The Herzog-Albrecht-Gedächtniskirche (German for "Duke Albert Memorial Church") was a Protestant church in northern Königsberg, Germany. Its name honored Albert I, Duke of Prussia (1490–1568), an early supporter of Lutheranism.
By the early 20th century, the churches of Tragheim and Neurossgarten were too far away for the growing population of Königsberg's Maraunenhof quarter, so a new church was planned in 1908 at Maraunenhof's König-Ottokar-Platz. Construction of the Neo-Romanesque building, designed by the architects H. Mattar and E. Scheler, began on 19 May 1911, with its dedication as the New Tragheim Church (Neuer Tragheimer Kirche) occurring on 12 January 1913. It became known as the Maraunenhof Church (Maraunenhofer Kirche) in 1928 when the parish became independent from Tragheim. It was also sometimes known as the König-Ottokar-Kirche, after King Ottokar II of Bohemia, namesake of the city and nearby square.
In 1933 during celebrations of the 450th anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther, the church was renamed the Herzog-Albrecht-Gedächtniskirche zu Königsberg-Maraunenhof. The interior of the church held life-size bronze figures of Saints John and Paul. The wooden crucifix was created by Georg Grasegger.
The memorial church was heavily damaged during the 1945 Battle of Königsberg. The Soviet administration in Kaliningrad demolished its remnants in 1972. The rectory was maintained, however, and was used first as a movie theatre and now as a children's music school named after E. T. A. Hoffmann.
References
1913 establishments in Germany
1945 disestablishments in Germany
20th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches in Germany
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Churches completed in 1913
Christian organizations established in 1913
Romanesque Revival church buildings in Germany
is a micro-asteroid, classified as a near-Earth object of the Apollo group. It was first observed by ATLAS at Mauna Loa Observatory on 10 November 2017, a day after it passed inside the orbit of Earth.
Orbit and classification
is an Apollo asteroid, the largest subgroup of near-Earth objects. It orbits the Sun at a distance of 0.9–1.5 AU once every 16 months (498 days; semi-major axis of 1.23 AU). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.23 and an inclination of 12° with respect to the ecliptic. It is, however, not a Mars-crossing asteroid, as its aphelion of 1.51 AU is less than the orbit of the Red Planet at 1.666 AU.
Close approaches
The object has a minimum orbital intersection distance with Earth of , which corresponds to 0.5 lunar distances. On 9 November 2017, it came within 0.31 lunar distances of the Earth (see diagrams).
Physical characteristics
has been estimated to measure between 6 and 32 meters in diameter, comparable to the Chelyabinsk meteor, which was also not observed before it hit the atmosphere over Russia in 2013. For an assumed albedo of 0.20, which is typical for the common S-type asteroids, 's diameter would be likely 18 meters only. The size of asteroid 2017 VL2 has been described as that of a whale.
As of 2018, no rotational lightcurve of this asteroid has been obtained from photometric observations. The object's rotation period, pole and shape remain unknown.
Numbering and naming
This minor planet has not yet been numbered by the Minor Planet Center and remains unnamed.
References
External links
MPEC 2017-V67 : 2017 VL2 minor planet center
Minor planet object articles (unnumbered)
Near-Earth objects in 2017
20171110
Color prints have been developed since their beginnings in 1935 with Eastman Kodak's Company's Kodachrome film, as well in 1936 with Agfa Company's Agfacolor film. Color print film is the most common type of photographic film in consumer use. Print film produces a negative image when it is developed, requiring it to be reversed again when it is printed onto photographic paper.
Almost all color print film made today is designed to be processed according to the C-41 process.
Handling color print film negatives
Color negatives are prone to damage through fingerprints and tears, therefore it is a good idea to wear nylon or cotton gloves when handling them and placing them in negative sleeves. Avoid bending, folding or rolling up your negatives sleeves as well.
Preserving the prints from a color print film
Generally, color prints are more sensitive to temperature and light as opposed to black and white film, therefore there are more precautions to take when trying to protect and optimize the lifespan of them.
It is important to keep the prints protected from physical damage from as little as a fingerprint to as much as scratches that can destroy them completely. Storage for prints that are developed from color print film should be free of any unsafe, harmful chemicals, specifically referring to peroxides, sulfur dioxide, ozone and nitrogen oxides. For the best prolonged storage and protection, placing the prints in polyester uncoated sleeves and then into an envelope seals it from further damage. When it comes to storing them, the optimal temperature would be at 2 °C, as it is found to be the most effective preservation temperature when it comes to a mass collection of colored photographic film prints. It is best to keep the color prints away from strong sunlight exposure for prolonged periods of time because it may result in the decay of the gelatin layer as well as a significant fade in the dye found in the print. Similar to that of watercolors and textiles, dyes in color prints are prone to fade as well when exposed to too much light. Color photographs are susceptible to build stains if stored in dark fully for prolonged periods of time as well, for example, an area of white in a photograph can change into yellow. Therefore, it is key to not store them in an area where they are exposed to long periods of light and/or long periods of dark, there should be a balance. Prime examples of places to store the color prints are: durable binders, cabinets, trays or rigid boxes.
Cleaning prints from colored print film
If there is a chance that the prints got dirty, there are several effective methods that can be undertaken to clean them carefully without damaging them. First off is using a soft brush that can remove surface dirt on the print. Make sure to lightly brush the dirt off of the print. Damping cotton swabs or using a specialized cleaning pad to dry wipe the surface of the print is also another method to clean it. Remember to never wash photographs until the gelatin layer is dry and stables. Furthermore, never attempt chemical treatments on color photographs because they can get distorted and destroy the image as a whole.
References
Photography equipment
Boulder Crescent Place Historic District is a historic area in Colorado Springs, Colorado along West Boulder and Cascade Avenue near the intersection of the two streets. It is a National Register of Historic Places listing and is on the Colorado State Register of Historic Properties.
Overview
Five houses in the district are examples of Dutch Colonial Revival and Queen Anne style architecture in the United States built in Colorado Springs between 1894 and 1901. The city grew dramatically when people came to the Pikes Peak region at the turn-of-the-century "for their health and to enjoy the natural scenic beauty." The Boulder Crescent Place area is located near Memorial Valley Park and the streets are lined with trees planted when the homes were developed at the turn of the 20th century.
History
The Boulder - Cascade block was laid out in 1883. It was conveniently located near the downtown business district, the railroad station and Monument Valley Park. The district is significant for its architectural charm, retention of its original appearance and residential use, setting along the wide, tree-line Cascade Avenue and proximity to the park.
The homes at 312 and 320 N. Cascade were built on land as subdivided in 1883. After the land was subdivided into smaller lots in 1898, the other three houses in the district were soon built in close proximity to one another. Although originally intended as quality single-family residences, some of the buildings became boarding houses for the large number of tourists or infirm who came to Colorado.
Houses
References
Colorado State Register of Historic Properties
Geography of Colorado Springs, Colorado
Buildings and structures in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places in Colorado Springs, Colorado
Tolichaka is a village of Pipalkot VDC Dailekh District western Nepal. Tolichaka is the main village of Pipalkot VDC. There are 940 people live in Tolichaka.
See also
Palkot
Dailekh District
References
Populated places in Dailekh District
Hamish Telfer Adam MBE (b. 1947 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish Karate coach and instructor. They have been representing Scotland and Britain in Karate since the 1970s and is currently chairperson of the Scottish Karate Federation.
Career Highlights
On 16 June 2012, in the United Kingdom's Queen's Birthday Honours List they were appointed a MBE (Order of the British Empire) for their services to the sport of Karate during the past 50 years, both as a competitor in Kumite (fighting) and then as a Coach.
Hamish Adam was born in 1947 in Edinburgh and their family resided in the Niddrie Area of the City. They entered the sport of Karate at the age of 15 years and quickly excelled as a fighter to becoming the Scottish and British 'All Styles' Champion. In 1970, they were selected for the first British 'All Styles' Karate Squad which took part in the inaugural World 'All Styles' Championships in Japan. In 1972, they were part of the British Team which beat the strong Japanese Team in the World Championships in France to win the Bronze Medal. In 1975, they were part of the British Team which won the World Championships in America, and consequently was recognised then as one of the best fighters of their generation in the sport in Britain.
Scottish Karate Federation
On 17 December 1970, they were one of the nine founders of the Scottish Karate Federation (SKF) practising the 'Wado Ryu' style of karate under the legendary Tatsuo Suzuki, later changing to the 'Wado Kai' style. The SKF is now the largest and most successful karate association in Scotland, having 72 clubs, and approximately 3,000 licensed members. The SKF is affiliated to the Scottish Karate Governing Body (SKGB) who in turn is affiliated to the World Karate Federation (WKF). Hamish Adam instructs 10 clubs in the Meadowbank Karate Group and they normally meet twice or thrice weekly. In these clubs they coach a cumulative number in excess of 500 students per week. It was as a Coach that Hamish found their true vocation and forte, with many of their students achieving at the very highest level in karate championships and events throughout the world, both in their own 'Style' and 'All Styles' competitions.
Coaching
In 1973, the four home countries of the United Kingdom, namely Wales, Northern Ireland, England, and Scotland, were allowed for the first time to enter their own National Teams into the European 'All Styles' Championships, but could only continue to compete in World 'All Styles' Championships as part of a British Team. At this juncture, Hamish was appointed the Coach of Scottish National Karate Squad and the same year Scotland entered its first European Championships. The Team was not only coached by Hamish, but they also competed as one of its five fighters. They won the Gold Medal in the Team category, and repeated this achievement in 1984, and again in 1987, when the Team coached by Hamish won a further two team Gold Medals in the same prestigious European Championships. In addition they have coached two Scottish fighters who have attained the highest individual achievement in the sport of World 'All Styles' Karate Champion, namely Pat Mckay in 1982 and again in 1984, and Jim Collins in 1984.
Hamish also continued the role of supporting and assisting David 'Ticky' Donovan OBE (Ticky Donovan), the Coach of the British Squad, and these British Teams went on to dominate the sport for a decade, by winning the World 'All Styles' Team Championships in 1982/84/86/88 & 90.
In 1985, they were the co-author of a book titled 'Competition Karate' with Greg McLatchie, which provided informed guidance and advice to fighters involved in the sport. Such was Hamish Adam's reputation within karate that the book was used as a reference manual by many fighters of that generation, throughout Europe and the rest of the World.
Present
Hamish Adam is the present Chairman of the Scottish Karate Federation, a position they have held since its formation in 1970. They have also held every 'Senior Position' within the SKGB, including more recently the chairperson, between 2000 and 2006, and since then the Director of Sport. Part of this latest role includes organising all the Major Events on the Karate calendar held in Scotland. They have also been continuously involved in Coaching the Scottish 'All Styles' Karate Team since its formation in 1973 and provides ongoing support to Gerry Fleming the current National Coach. Hamish Adam is at present a 9th Dan, which is the second highest rank within the sport, and they have dedicated their life to karate.  They are integral to the sport of karate in Scotland and coaches by motivating and educating, resulting in many of their pupils not only achieving their own personal goals, but achieving success over the years on the Scottish, British, Commonwealth, European, and World stage.
Notes
1947 births
British male karateka
Living people
Sportspeople from Edinburgh
Wadō-ryū practitioners
Scottish male karateka
Catamount Mountain is a mountain in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. It is located southeast of South Colton in St. Lawrence County. In 1917, a steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. The tower ceased fire lookout operations and was later removed in the early 1980s.
History
In 1911, the Conservation Commission built a wood fire lookout tower on the mountain. In 1917, the Conservation Commission replaced the wood tower with a Aermotor LS40 tower. Due to the increased use of aerial detection, the tower was closed at the end of the 1971 fire lookout season. The structure, which was on private land, was removed in the early 1980s.
References
Mountains of St. Lawrence County, New York
Mountains of New York (state)
Working Together: Why Great Partnerships Succeed is a nonfiction book by American business executive and author Michael Eisner. It documents the former Walt Disney Company CEO's partnerships throughout their own career, plus others throughout modern history such as Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger, Bill Gates and Melinda Gates, and Brian Grazer and Ron Howard.
References
2010 non-fiction books
Harper & Row books
Michael Eisner
Camberwell North West was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1919 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Southwark
Camberwell
Brendan Reid McLane (born 1968) is a United States Navy rear admiral and surface warfare officer who serves as Commander, Naval Surface Forces Atlantic since May 3, 2021. They previously served as Special Assistant to the commander of the United States Fleet Forces Command, with terms as commander of Carrier Strike Group 10 from May to December 2020 and commander of Navy Recruiting Command from July 2018 to April 2020.
A 1990 graduate of the United States Naval Academy with a Bachelor of Science degree in history, McLane also earned a Master of Science degree in public administration from Troy University, as well as a master's degree in national security affairs from the Naval War College. They completed Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Seminar XXI and the Naval Operational Planning Course (now the Maritime Advanced Warfighting School).
References
|-
|-
|-
1968 births
Date of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
United States Naval Academy alumni
Troy University alumni
Naval War College alumni
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
United States Navy admirals
The 24th Trampoline European Championships will be held at the Pavilhão Multiusos de Guimarães in Guimarães, Portugal, from April 7–13, 2014.
Championships will also serve as qualification event for 2015 European Games.
Medal summary
Medal table
Results
References
External links
European Trampoline Championships
Trampoline European Championships
2013
International gymnastics competitions hosted by Portugal
A tractate is a written work dealing formally and systematically with a subject; the word derives from the Latin tractatus, meaning treatise.
One example of its use is in citing a section of the Talmud, when the term masekhet () is used in conjunction with the name of the subject, for example, Masekhet Berakhoth, which is relevant to agriculture and blessings.
Two further examples are the 1670 and '76 Tractatus Theologico-Politicus by Baruch Spinoza, and the 1921 Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus by Ludwig Wittgenstein.
See also
Minor tractate
Tract (disambiguation)
Tractatus (disambiguation)
Treatise
References
Philosophical literature
Religious literature
The 1988 Georgia Southern Eagles football team represented the Georgia Southern Eagles of Georgia Southern College (now known as Georgia Southern University) during the 1988 NCAA Division I-AA football season. The Eagles played their home games at Paulson Stadium in Statesboro, Georgia. The team was coached by Erk Russell, in their seventh year as head coach for the Eagles.
Schedule
References
External links
1988 Football Media Guide at gseagles.com
Georgia Southern
Georgia Southern Eagles football seasons
Georgia Southern Eagles football
The 34th Legislative Assembly of Ontario was in session from September 10, 1987, until July 30, 1990, just prior to the 1990 general election. The majority party was the Ontario Liberal Party led by David Peterson.
Hugh Edighoffer served as speaker for the assembly.
Notes
References
Members in Parliament 34
Terms of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario
1987 establishments in Ontario
1990 disestablishments in Ontario
Ready, Set, PrEP is a program of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) that provides free access to the HIV prevention medication PrEP for thousands of qualifying individuals. The program is a key component of Ending the HIV Epidemic: A Plan for America (EHE) initiative to expand access to PrEP and reduce new HIV diagnoses in the U.S.
Background
During the State of the Union Address on February 5, 2019, the Donald Trump administration announced the operational plan EHE, which was developed by agencies across HHS to end the HIV epidemic and reduce the number of new HIV transmissions in the U.S. by 75% by 2025 and by 90% by 2030.
According to Robert Goldstein, MD, over 1 million people at risk for HIV in the United States may benefit from pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) medications, but fewer than one in four receive it. To address the cost barriers to PrEP, HHS launched Ready, Set, PrEP in December 2019 with the goal of expanding access to those disproportionately impacted by HIV.
While the number of new HIV diagnoses has declined significantly from their mid-1980s peak of 150,000, this decline has stalled, with an estimated 40,000 Americans newly diagnosed each year. Without intervention, another 400,000 Americans would be newly diagnosed over 10 years despite the available tools to prevent transmissions.
About 1 in 7 people with HIV are unaware they have the virus.
Black and Hispanic Americans make up 69% of all new HIV diagnoses.
A disproportionately low percentage of Black and Hispanic men either are not aware of PrEP, have not discussed PrEP with a health care provider, or have not used PrEP within the past year.
Fewer than 7% of women who could benefit from PrEP are using it.
Stigma, fear, discrimination, and homophobia place many people at a higher risk for HIV.
Distribution
In August 2020, HHS contracted TrialCard as a distribution partner to verify Ready, Set, PrEP participant eligibility, enrollments, maintain the network of participating pharmacies, and distribute the donated medications to uninsured participants. In early 2021, TrialCard will begin to offer mail-order delivery services for enrolled individuals.
Qualifications
The Ready, Set, PrEP program provides access to PrEP medications for free to people who qualify. To receive PrEP through the program, an individual must:
Test negative for HIV;
Have a valid prescription from their healthcare provider; and
Not have insurance that covers prescription drugs.
The costs of necessary clinic visits and lab test costs may vary depending on income and where the tests are given. It is recommended that those interested in the program speak with a healthcare provider to see if PrEP medication is the best option and to get a prescription.
Health Centers
HHS's Health Resources and Services Administration's Health Center program is working closely with healthcare professionals at more than 12,000 service sites and 1,400 health centers nationwide in order to provide HIV lab testing and access to PrEP medication. Anyone looking to find a clinic or provider that prescribes PrEP should use the locator tool or request a mail-order through participating pharmacies.
Pharmacy partners
A collective of over 24,000 pharmacies have partnered to donate their medication dispensing services to HHS in support of the Ready, Set, PrEP program and the EHE initiative. Combined, these donating pharmacies represent almost half of the pharmacies in the U.S., the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The partnership allows for program enrollees to fill prescriptions for PrEP medication at one of the participating pharmacies or by mail order for free.
Participating pharmacies
Campaigns
"I'm Ready" Campaign
Released during World AIDS Day 2020, the "I'm Ready" campaign is the latest addition to the Ready, Set, PrEP program. The campaign features the stories of people from a variety of backgrounds sharing their experience with PrEP, aiming to highlight the challenges facing communities disproportionately impacted by HIV. In addition to HIV prevention, the campaign covers HIV testing, viral suppression, and HIV stigma.
See also
U.S. Department of Health and Health Services
HIV/AIDS in the United States
References
External links
HIV.gov
This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
Government programs
HIV/AIDS in the United States
Presidency of Donald Trump
Kortlandt is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Adriaan Kortlandt (1918–2009), Dutch ethologist
Frederik Kortlandt (born 1946), Dutch linguist
See also
Cortlandt (disambiguation)
Heartstrings ( is a 2016 French comedy-drama film based on the 2012 novel Le Coeur en Braille by Pascal Ruter.
Plot
Marie, a serious student who is passionate about playing the cello, wants to join the conservatory, but is losing their eyesight. They befriend Victor, who falls in love with them and decides to help them succeed, all the while keeping their handicap a secret.
Cast and characters
Alix Vaillot as Marie
Jean-Stan DuPac as Victor
Charles Berling as Marie's father
Antoine Khorsand as Haicam
Ilan Levi as Étienne
Noah Levi as Marcel
Vincent Taloche as Mr. Azra
Aude Ruyter as Marie's mother
Max Garang-Boulègue as Romain
Laurent Capelluto as Dr. Vergne
Florence Guérin as Contest host
References
External links
2016 films
2016 comedy-drama films
French comedy-drama films
2010s French-language films
2010s French films
Cédric Olondo (born 31 December 1982) is a retired Belgian football striker.
References
1982 births
Living people
Democratic Republic of the Congo emigrants to Belgium
Belgian footballers
Standard Liège players
RFC Liège players
K.S.K. Ronse players
Fortuna Sittard players
TOP Oss players
Ethnikos Piraeus F.C. players
Belgian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Netherlands
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in the Netherlands
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Belgian expatriate sportspeople in Greece
Belgian First Division A players
Eerste Divisie players
Association football forwards
The Tasmanian grassgrub or corbie (Oncopera intricata) is a moth of the family Hepialidae. It is found in Tasmania.
The larvae feed on Fragaria species as well as grasses.
References
Moths described in 1856
Hepialidae
Ivanovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Vozhbalskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 18 as of 2002.
Geography
Ivanovskaya is located 37 km west of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Yartsevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
The Diocese of Africa () was a diocese of the later Roman Empire, incorporating the provinces of North Africa, except Mauretania Tingitana. Its seat was at Carthage, and it was subordinate to the Praetorian prefecture of Italy.
The diocese included the provinces of Africa proconsularis (also known as Zeugitana), Byzacena, Mauretania Sitifensis, Mauretania Caesariensis, Numidia Cirtensis, Numidia Militiana and Tripolitania. In current geo-political terms, the Diocese of Africa included the entire coastline of Tunisia, Algeria with some mountainous hinterlands, plus the western half of Libya's coastline.
The diocese existed from the time of the Diocletianian and Constantinian reforms in the last years of the 3rd century until it was overrun by the Vandals in the 430s. The provincial organization were retained under the Vandals, and after their defeat and the reconquest of Africa by the Eastern Roman Empire in the Vandalic War, they were grouped anew, but this time in a praetorian prefecture.
References
Sources
314 establishments
States and territories established in the 310s
Africa
History of Christianity in North Africa
Africa (Roman province)
Ancient Algeria
Praetorian prefecture of Italy
Slo Pitch is a Canadian web television comedy series, co-created by J. Stevens, Gwenlyn Cumyn and Karen Knox. The series centres on the Brovaries, an underachieving softball team for LGBTQ women and non-binary players; despite being perennial losers who are mostly more concerned with drinking beer and meeting women at after-game parties than they are with the sport, they unexpectedly find themselves in the league championships playing against their arch-rival Toronto Blue Gays. Slo Pitch features a fully female and/or non-binary led creative team, a key cast that is 50 percent BIPOC, 70% of the cast and crew identifying as female or non-binary, and 80% of key cast identifying as LGBTQ+.
The cast includes Kirsten Rasmussen, Gwenlyn Cumyn, Karen Knox, Lane Webber, K Alexander, Khadijah Roberts-Abdullah, Amanda Cordner, Aisha Evelyna and Chelsea Muirhead.
It premiered August 3, 2020 on OUTtvgo in Canada, and is slated to air on OutTV's linear television channel in 2021. Slo Pitch was picked up by IFC (U.S. TV channel) and aired on their platform October 18, 2021. The series was produced by Shaftesbury Films (Paige Haight) and Boss & Co (Michael Schram, Cumyn and Knox). with funding from the Independent Production Fund and the Bell Fund.
Co-writers Knox and Cumyn met 12 years ago at George Brown Theatre School where they started collaborating on plays.
The show's theme song is called "Play the Field", by Partner.
Plot
Season 1
The show follows a queer female softball team trying to make it to the championships of their competitive beer league in Toronto, Canada. The mockumentary focuses on an overly invested coach named Joanne, played by Kirsten Rasmussen, and their attempts to take their underdog team The Brovaries all the way to championships. Co-creator J Stevens says they got the idea for the show after playing many team sports, and witnessing the amount of drama that comes from the players.
Characters
Joanne (played by Kirsten Rasmussen) is the arguably too devoted coach of the Brovaries She's engaged to their longtime girlfriend Sasha, and works as a data analyst.
Sasha (played by Chelsea Muirhead) is Joanne's fiance.  They are a successful lawyer.
Boris (played by Karen Knox) is a German immigrant to Canada, and the second best player on the team.
Ann (played by Gwenlyn Cumyn) plays second base on the Brovaries. They live in Joanne and Sasha's basement, and is carrying on an affair with two members of their rival team, The Toronto Blue Gays.
Lee (played by Lane Webber) is the resident “mischievous” rookie for the Brovaries.
Mel (played by Amanda Cordner) is the so-called MVP of the Brovaries. A former pro-player, Mel has returned to Toronto and given up their professional softball career.
Zari (played by Khadijah Roberts-Abdullah) is the only heterosexual member of the Brovaries. In the first season, they try to “set Boris up with their friend, which turns out to be a huge mess, but they use a peanut allergy as a means to discuss cultural appropriation.”
Awards
The series was nominated for the LGBTQ+ Spirit Award at the 2020 TOWebfest.
References
2020 Canadian television series debuts
2020s Canadian LGBT-related comedy television series
Canadian comedy web series
Canadian LGBT-related web series
2020 web series debuts
OutTV (Canadian TV channel) original programming
Television series by Shaftesbury Films
The Pallas-1 () is a medium-lift orbital launch vehicle under development by Galactic Energy. It features seven new 40-ton variable thrust Welkin engines burning RP-1 and liquid oxygen (kerolox) in its first stage. The first stage will also have legs and grid fins to allow recovery by vertical landing (much like the SpaceX Falcon 9). The first launch is scheduled to take place in early 2023.
Pallas-1 is planned to be capable of placing a 5-tonne payload into low Earth orbit (LEO), or a 3-tonne payload into a 700-kilometer sun-synchronous orbit (SSO). An upgraded variant of the rocket, Pallas-2 (), is currently under development. Using three Pallas-1 booster cores as its first stage, Pallas-2 will be capable of putting a 14-tonne payload into low Earth orbit.
References
Space launch vehicles of China
VTVL rockets
Proposed reusable launch systems
Derryrealt (Irish derived place name Doire ar Alt, meaning ‘Oakwood at the Ravine') is a townland in the civil parish of Kinawley, barony of Tullyhaw, County Cavan, Ireland.
Geography
Derryrealt is bounded on the south by Drumcullion townland, on the west by Drumcask and Gubrawully townlands and on the east by Borim (Kinawley), Cornalon, Drumboory and Gorteen (Kinawley) townlands. Its chief geographical features are a mountain trout stream which later joins the River Cladagh (Swanlinbar), small rivulets, a gravel pit, spring wells and a dug well. Derryrealt is traversed by minor public roads and rural lanes. The townland covers 233 statute acres.
History
In medieval times Derryrealt was owned by the McGovern Clan and formed part of a ballybetagh spelled (variously) Aghycloony, Aghcloone, Nacloone, Naclone and Noclone (Irish derived place name Áth Chluain, meaning ‘The Ford of the Meadow'). The 1609 Baronial Map depicts the ballybetagh as Naclone.
In the Plantation of Ulster by grant dated 29 April 1611, along with other lands, King James VI and I granted the part poll of Direrall to Mulmore McTirlagh O'Reily, Gentleman. The said Maelmordha O'Reilly was related to chiefs of the O'Reilly clan, which is why they received a grant of land. Their great-grandfather was Maolmhordha O'Reilly who was chief from 1537–1565. They were a grand-nephew of both Aodh Connallach O'Reilly who was chief from 1565–1583 and of Emonn O'Reilly who was chief from 1596-1601. They were a first cousin once-removed of Sean O'Reilly who was chief from 1583–1596. They were also a first cousin once-removed of Donill Backagh McShane O'Reyly who was also granted lands in Burren (townland) and of Cahell M'Owen O Reyly who received lands in Gowlagh South townland and of Cahir McOwen O'Reily, who received lands in Kildoagh townland.
In the Plantation of Ulster by grant dated 26 June 1615, King James VI and I granted, inter alia, The precinct or parcel of Nacloone otherwise Aghcloone to Sir George Graeme and Sir Richard Graeme to form part of the Manor of Greame, but the townland of Dirirall already granted to the asupervisorstioned Mulmore McTirlagh O'Reily was specifically excluded from this grant.
The 1652 Commonwealth Survey spells the townland as Dirreraell, with the proprietor being Mr Henry Crafton and the tenants being Donogh Magwire & others. The townland then formed part of the Crofton estate until the late 19th century. The Crofton Estate papers are in the National Library of Ireland, MS 20,773-20,806 & D 26,886-27,010.
The 1790 Cavan Carvagh list spells the name as Derryreal.
The 1821 Census of Ireland spells the name as Dereralth and states- Containing 100 acres arable land & 44 acres bog & mountain.
The 1825 Tithe Applotment Books spell the name as Derraralt.
The Derryrealt Valuation Office Field books are available for August 1838.
Griffith's Valuation lists fourteen landholders in the townland.
Folklore about Derryrealt is in the 1938 Dúchas collection.
An IRA member, Patrick McManus, was killed by their own explosives in Derryrealt on 15 July 1958.
Census
In the Census of Ireland 1821 there are twenty-four families listed in the townland.
In the 1901 census of Ireland, there are twelve families listed in the townland.
In the 1911 census of Ireland, there are ten families listed in the townland.
Antiquities
A ford over the river
Stepping-stones over the river
Foot-bridges over the river
A foot-stick over the stream
A lime-kiln
Derryrealt 19th century National School, Roll No. 4886. The 1938 Dúchas folklore collection states- There were two hedge-schools in Derryrealt. Teachers in Derryrealt named Cassidy and Doogan came from Gortoral every morning-about five miles. On 30 September 1855 the principal, a Roman Catholic, received an annual salary of £19. There were 79 pupils, 51 boys and 28 girls. In 1862 the principal was Peter McManus, a Roman Catholic, who received an annual salary of £14. There were 75 pupils in the school, all Roman Catholic, apart from 6 who were Church of Ireland. The Catholic pupils were taught Catechism on Saturdays from 10:30am to 12:30pm. In 1865 the principal, a Roman Catholic, received an annual salary of £18. There were 71 pupils, 41 boys and 30 girls. In 1874 the principal, a Roman Catholic, received an annual salary of £24. There were 59 pupils, 37 boys and 22 girls.
References
External links
The IreAtlas Townland Data Base
Townlands of County Cavan
Matsugae Dam is a gravity dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 2.8 km2. The dam impounds about 10 ha of land when full and can store 1579 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1957 and completed in 1960.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1960 establishments in Japan
() is a Japanese chemical company with Head Office at 1-2-2, Nihonbashihongokucho, Chuo-ku, Tokyo 103-0021, Japan.
Produces various kinds of synthetic resins. The Company's products include polyvinyl chloride pipes and films. The Company also manufactures construction materials and electronic industry materials.
It is one of the Mitsubishi core companies.
Hishi Plastics USA, an ISO 9001:2008 Quality System certified subsidiary, located in Lincoln Park, New Jersey, is focusing R&D on non-phthalate alternatives to traditional plastic resins. These include corn & soya based compounds as well as materials of a completely distinct origin. Several of these have been approved by UL Labs and are nearly ready for production scale extrusion.
Shareholders
Principal Shareholders (as of March 31, 2005):
Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation 52.6%
Japan Trustee Services Bank, Ltd. (Trust Account) 4.22%
The Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. (Trust Account) 2.34%
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Ltd. 2.17%
The Mitsubishi Trust and Banking Corporation (Trust Account) 1.45%
The Mitsubishi Trust and Banking Corporation 1.38%
Norinchukin Bank 1.31%
Mitsubishi Plastics Employees' Stock Ownership Plan 1.08%
Meiji Yasuda Life Insurance Company 0.83%
Mitsubishi Corporation 0.70%
On July 29, 2007 the company's stocks were delisted from the Tokyo Stock Exchange and the Osaka Securities Exchange, as Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings Corporation acquired a 100% interest in the company.
Group companies
Japan
Alpolic Co.
Astro Corp.
Dia Molding Co., Ltd.
Dia Packaging Materials Co., Ltd.
Dia Services Co., Ltd.
Etsuryo Co., Ltd.
Hanyu Plastics Industries Ltd.
Hokuryo Mold Co., Ltd.
Mitsubishi Plastics Marketing Co.,Ltd.
MKV DREAM CO., LTD.
Quadrant Polypenco Japan Ltd.
Ryobi Techno Inc.
Ryohsei Plastic Industries Co., Ltd.
Ryoju Corp.
Ryoko Tekunika Co., Ltd.
Ryouei Co., Ltd.
Ryoukou Industrial Co., Ltd.
Ryowa Logitem Co., Ltd.
Toyo Plastics Industries Corp.
Kodama Chemical Industry Co., Ltd.
M&S Pipe Systems Co., Ltd.
Mikado Chemical M.F.G. Co.
Nitto Kako Co.,Ltd.
Ryoko Plastic Co., Ltd.
Taisei Co., Ltd.
IFCO Japan Inc.
K.K. MKV Yokkaichi
Asia
Mitsubishi Plastics Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
Mitsubishi Plastics Trading Shanghai Co., Ltd.
MP International (Hong Kong) Ltd.
PT. MC PET FILM INDONESIA
Shanghai Baoling Plastics Co., Ltd.
Tai-Young Film Co., Ltd.
Wuxi SSS-Diamond Plastics Co., Ltd.
America
Hishi Plastics U.S.A., Inc.
Mitsubishi Plastics Composites America, Inc.
Mitsubishi Polyester Film, Inc.
Europe
Aquamit B.V.
Mitsubishi Plastics Euro Asia Ltd.
Dia Moulding Slovakia s.r.o.
Mitsubishi Polyester Film GmbH
Quadrant AG
External links
Mitsubishi Plastics, Inc.
Companies listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange
Mitsubishi companies
Chemical companies of Japan
Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings
ZBasic is a compiler which was first released by Simutek (Tucson, Arizona) in 1980. The combined efforts of Andrew Gariepy, Scott Terry, David Overton, Greg Branche, and Halbert Laing led to versions for MS-DOS, Apple II, Macintosh, CP/M, and TRS-80 computers. ZBasic is a fast and efficient BASIC compiler with an integrated development environment. It aims to be used as a cross-platform development system, where the same source code can be compiled to different platforms without any modifications.
In 1991, Harry Gish and 32 Bit Software Inc. of Dallas, Texas purchased the MS-DOS version. Nando Favaro expanded it to include 16- and 32-bit-specific machine code as well as VGA and VESA video. Zedcor concentrated on the Macintosh market and renamed it FutureBASIC.
Features
ZBasic features device independent graphics: the same compiled code can work on different display resolutions and colors, and even in text mode. Original PC versions include graphical support up to EGA for MS-DOS.
ZBasic includes BCD (binary coded decimal) math with precision up to 54 digits.
INDEX$ is an array of variable length strings that can be easily sorted, searched, etc.
References
TRS-80 releases
ZBasic manual 'ZBasic, Interactive Compiler', by Andrew R. Gariepy, Scott Terry, David Overton, Greg Branche and Halbert Laing. Documentation by Michael A. Gariepy. Fourth Edition 4/87 (C)1985-1987 Zedcor Inc.
'ZBasic-PC/386', modifications by Nando Favaro. Documentation by Harry Gish. First Edition 3/91 (C)1991 32 Bit Software Inc.
ZBasic 5 reviewed by Dave Kelly for MacTech magazine
1980 software
BASIC compilers
CP/M software
Apple II software
Classic macOS software
The Ministry of Housing and Urbanism of Chile (MINVU) is an institution in charge of the agriculture and livestock in Chile. It was created in 1924 under the name of Ministry of Agriculture, Industry and Colonization; its current name was established in 1930.
Its current minister is Esteban Valenzuela.
List of representatives
References
External Link
Government ministries of Chile
1924 establishments in Chile
John F. McBride (November 30, 1901–October 11, 1966) was an American football player who played the positions of halfback, fullback, and quarterback in the National Football League (NFL). They were born in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania. McBride played collegiately at Syracuse University where they finished second in the nation in scoring in their senior year to Heinie Benkert. McBride scored 90 points on 7 touchdowns, 11 field goals, and 15 extra points in their senior year.
McBride played 10 seasons in the NFL, leading the Giants in scoring in each of their first three seasons (1925–27), and the NFL in scoring in 1927. As a passer, McBride ended their career with 3,123 yards passing, 31 touchdown passes, and 57 interceptions. As a rusher McBride totalled 2,093 yards rushing, and 26 rushing touchdowns, while averaging 4.2 yards a carry.
McBride maintained their connection with pro football after their career in the NFL serving as the player/coach of the Paterson Panthers (later of the American Association) in 1935 and as coach of the New York Yankees of the second American Football League and the New York Yankees of the third AFL in 1940-1941.
Images
See also
History of the New York Giants (1925–78)
References
External links
Career statistics at jt-sw.com
Career statistics at databasefootball.com
Jack McBride's profile at NFL.com
1901 births
Year of death missing
People from Conshohocken, Pennsylvania
Players of American football from Pennsylvania
American football running backs
American football quarterbacks
Syracuse Orange football players
New York Giants players
Providence Steam Roller players
Brooklyn Dodgers (NFL) players
The Gypsy Gyppo String Band was an American an old-time music band, based in Seattle, Washington.
Active in the 1970s, it brought a contemporary sensibility to this music, treating it "as source material rather than holy writ." The band played a key role in reviving this music, bringing it out to the dying milieu of Grange halls and the somewhat-staid milieu of organized Modern western square dance to a hip, young urban audience. It laid the foundation of a square dance and contra dance scene in and around Seattle that continues to this day.
Members
Warren Argo, banjo
Jack Link, fiddle
Armin Barnett, fiddle
Bob Naess, fiddle
Sandy Bradley, guitar
Jerry Mitchell, mandolin
Notes
Further reading
Argo, Warren (May 2002). "So What Is It About This Contra Dancing Anyway?" (PDF format; required Adobe Reader). Victory Music Review.
American folk musical groups
Musical groups disestablished in the 1970s
Musical groups established in the 1970s
Musical groups from Seattle
Old-time bands
Summer Heat is a 1968 Hong Kong film directed by the Japanese director Kō Nakahira (credited by their Chinese name Yeung Shu-Hei) and produced by Shaw Brothers Studio.
Plot
Judy, a seductive woman, has three men in their life, a husband, a playboy and an intellectual. Two of the men are brothers which leads to fatal consequences.
Cast
Jenny Hu - Judy
Chin Han - David Zhu
Yang Fang - Zhu Xiao Chun
Chin Feng - Peter Jiang
Ma Siu-Ying - David's mother
Woo Tung - David's father
Wu Yen - Maid Huang
Lee Sau-Kei - Judy's husband
Chieh Yuen - Peter's buddy
Siu Lam-Wun - Peter's buddy
Law Hon - Peter's buddy
King Pai-Chien - Gasoline station boss
To Wing-Leung - Gasoline station worker
Someno Yukio - Hunter Bowling Team member
Yue Man-Wah - Club waiter
Luk Chuen - Hunter Bowling Team member
References
External links
Trailer with English subtitles
1968 films
Hong Kong films
Shaw Brothers Studio films
Hakeem Fateh Mohammad Sehwani () was born in 1882 at Sehwan Sharif, the then Dadu District and now in Jamshoro District, Sindh. They were a great scholar, poet, literary, journalist and politician of Sindh. They died on 13 December 1942.
Education
Sehwani received education in Persian and Arabic languages. They became student of Molvi Mohammad Umer Channa and Molvi Atta Mohammad at Mehar, the then well named teachers of Sindh. At the age of 21, they qualified from Madrasa. They opened their own Madrasa at Shah Sadar, Sewhan and practiced as Tibb (Hakeem), which was their ancestral profession.
Professional career
Within short period of time, Hakeem Fateh Mohammad Sehwani was appointed as teacher of Persian at a Madarsa, owned by Syed Allah Aando Shah.
Political career
Hakeem Sehwani took part in political activities under the guidance of Syed Allah Aando Shah. Sehwani would say, “A man without a political insight is like a body without a soul”.
They were one of the main leaders of Jamiat Ulema-e-Hind and a major opponent of the British Empire in the Indian subcontinent. They also remained secretary of Jamiat ul Ulima (Sindh). Molana sahab was active worker and secretary of Khilafat Movement in Sindh. They opened a moderate Madarsa for teaching Arabic and Persian languages and a Matabb at Karachi, which was a place of gathering for party workers.
Literary career
Sehwani was an unyielding journalist. They published a magazine Al Islam and Aljamia from Karachi in 1925. Al Jamia was published in three languages, Sindhi, English and Arabic, all at a time. They used simple and proverbial Sindhi in their poetry and prose.
Publications
Hakeem Fateh Mohammad Sehwani wrote on various topics. Their book “Bahar e Ikhlaq” is collection of poems. They formerly used “Sagheer” and late “Hakeem” as their pen name. They also composed nationalistic poetry.
Religiously they belonged to the Deobandi school of thought. Doing charity and favour to people was their hobby. Some of their works are: Hayat e Nabi (S.A.W), Ikhlaq e Mohammadi (S.A.W), Fatheh Mohammadi (S.A.W), Dastan e Qoum, Ahwal Lal Shahbaz Qalander, Meeran ji Sahibi.
Recognition
The Government of Sindh recognized their eternal services and in their remembrance, some primary schools were named after him.
Death
Hakeem Fateh Mohammad Sehwani died on 13 December 1942.
References
1882 births
1942 deaths
Sindhi-language poets
Moero Crystal, full name , is a 2015 dungeon crawler role-playing video game developed by Compile Heart for the PlayStation Vita. It is the third game in the Genkai Tokki series, following Monster Monpiece and Moe Chronicle, and preceding Genkai Tokki: Seven Pirates. Like the other games, Moero Crystal places emphasis on ecchi and fanservice content, and follows protagonist and "lucky lecher" Zenox as they search for monster girl bras in order to "save the world". The game was released on September 25, 2015 in Japan and in greater Asia with Chinese subtitles in 2016. The game was released on September 5, 2019 for the Nintendo Switch in Japan and worldwide in September 2020.
Gameplay
Moero Crystal is the direct sequel to 2014's Moe Chronicle, and contains the same ecchi-focused gameplay as its predecessor. Whereas in Chronicle players were on a journey searching for panties, in Crystal, they search for bras. Crystal also expands on the previous gameplay, with its "build up, release, and insert" battle system featuring a new "Insert" command, allowing players to change the characters' attacking order. During battles, the player will also get to help the monster girls by providing them with buffs as support. This is as the protagonist, Zenox, cannot attack and can only utilize support abilities. A team of five monster girls is required for battle. Buffs and bonuses can be utilized and the girls' costumes degrade over time. Upon defeating a monster girl, players can recruit them through the game's touchscreen "scratching" feature; a new "Double Scratch" mode allows players to "massage" and interact with up to two monster girls at a time.
50 monster girls from the previous game reappear, as well as 30 additional new ones. Crystal also features different endings specific to different monster girls, with each of the 80 girls having a separate ending. Upon meeting certain prerequisites, it is possible to go inside the heart of a specific monster girl in a dungeon called the "Depths Domain"; clearing it unlocks a variety of different things for the said character. Unlike Moero Chronicle, where character costumes of bras and panties came in a set, Crystal allows players to mix and match thus creating different costume combinations. Additionally, players can visit monster girls to gift them presents, as well as visit the in-game inn.
The game's story begins when the "Bra of Everlasting Darkness" and "Panties of Hope" are stolen, and a "Dimensional Chasm" appears in the skies. The world starts rising and pulls itself towards the rift. The protagonist is a "lucky lecher" named Zenox; Otton, a panty hunter and mascot of the series reappears from the previous games, and the game follows the characters as they search and gather monster girl bras in order to "save the world".
Characters
Main characters:
(voiced by Yusuke Shirai), the protagonist of Moero Crystal, is nicknamed the "walking lucky pervert" and often finds themselves in strange and unexpected situations with members of the opposite sex. Siliconera compared them to To Love Rus Rito, except they are "actually capable of fighting."
(voiced by Reina Ueda), the guardian of the great shrine that contained the "Bra of Perpetual Darkness".  They are known to be oftentimes interested in the relationships between men and women.
(voiced by Asuka Nishi), a shrine maiden. They have the ability to be possessed by a goddess as well as the power to easily gain trust.
Development and promotion
Moero Crystal was announced in May 2015 in an issue of Dengeki PlayStation. It is produced by Norihisa Kochiwa, directed by Makoto Kitano, and features character design by Katsuyuki Hirano. A website featuring character artwork and a short teaser trailer was released later that month. The game's official release date of September 25 was announced in June. A debut full-length trailer of Moero Chronicle highlighting the game's new features was released in July.
Sony Computer Entertainment Japan Asia announced in September that Moero Crystal will release in Asia with an English translation sometime in 2016, just like Moe Chronicle before it. Pre-orders of Moero Crystal include a special product code to download "Nude Flash" underwear of eight of the game's girl characters. A limited edition of the game is also available, featuring a special box illustrated by Katsuyuki Hirano, art book, and special CD containing the voices of the game's 80 monster girls.
Reception
Four Famitsu reviewers all scored Moero Crystal 8 out of 10, for a total score of 32/40. The game sold 18,721 copies on its debut week, placing 7th for all software sales for that week according to Media Create.
References
External links
2015 video games
Compile Heart games
Role-playing video games
Dungeon crawler video games
PlayStation Vita games
Nintendo Switch games
Video games developed in Japan
Bishōjo games
Video game sequels
Joe Cipriano (October 27, 1931 – November 25, 1980) was an American college basketball coach, the head coach at independent Idaho (1960–63) and Nebraska (1963–80) of the Big Eight Conference.
Playing career
Born in Sumas in northwest Washington, they were an all-state guard known as "Slippery Joe" at Nooksack Valley High School in Whatcom County and graduated in 1949. "Jumping Joe" was an All-PCC guard in college under coach Tippy Dye at Washington in Seattle, and led the Huskies to a record in their three years on the varsity. In their senior season, the energetic and the Huskies advanced to the Final Four in March 1953 in Kansas City and finished third.
Assistant coach
After graduation, they were the first-year student coach at Washington and later an assistant coach under Dye and Johnny Grayson.
Head coach
Idaho
At age 28, Cipriano became the head coach at the University of Idaho in May 1960. They succeeded Dave Strack, who left after a single season in Moscow to return to Michigan as the head coach. Cipriano's Vandal teams improved each year as an independent and went in three seasons.
Their most notable player was future NBA star Gus Johnson, the tenth overall selection in the end a future hall of famer. After the successful season in 1962–63, Johnson turned professional and Cipriano moved east to Nebraska. The following season, the Vandals were fifth in the new six-team Big Sky Conference (4–6, 7–19 overall).
Nebraska
In March 1963, Cipriano became the head coach at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln, hired by their former mentor, Tippy Dye, who became the NU athletic director a year earlier (and hired head football coach Bob Devaney). Cipriano ran the Big Eight basketball programs for over 17 years, until they lost their 18-month battle with pancreatic cancer in Lincoln in November 1980 at They compiled a record of with the Huskers.
At the time of their retirement, they were far and away the winningest basketball coach in Nebraska history, with 168 more wins than any previous head coach, and one-fifth of the Cornhuskers' all-time wins in 83 years of play. They led the Huskers to the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) in 1967, the first postseason appearance in school history, with additional invites in 1978 and 1980. In their third year at Lincoln, the 1965–66 Huskers tallied the program's first 20-win season, runner-up to fourth-ranked Kansas (13–1) in the Big Eight at 12–2, handing the Jayhawks their sole conference loss, but did not garner a postseason bid. During this era, only the conference champion was guaranteed a berth in the 22-team NCAA tournament, and the NIT invited only fourteen.
Less than a year before their death, Cipriano returned to Moscow when their Huskers took on Don Monson's Vandals in the Kibbie Dome in early January. The two head coaches had played against each other 27 years earlier, as guards in the Pacific Coast Conference. Though it was played before classes resumed, it was the second-highest attendance for a basketball game to date on campus, in the Dome's fifth season.
Cipriano spent their final week at Bryan Memorial Hospital in Lincoln, and is buried at Lincoln Memorial Park in Lincoln.
Head coaching record
References
External links
The New York Times.com - Joe Cipriano's obituary
1931 births
1980 deaths
Amateur Athletic Union men's basketball players
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from Washington (state)
Basketball players from Washington (state)
Guards (basketball)
Idaho Vandals men's basketball coaches
Milwaukee Hawks draft picks
Nebraska Cornhuskers men's basketball coaches
People from Sumas, Washington
Washington Huskies men's basketball coaches
Washington Huskies men's basketball players
The 1969 Copa Libertadores Finals were the two-legged final that decided the winner of the 1969 Copa Libertadores, the 10th edition of the Copa Libertadores de América, South America's premier international club football tournament organized by CONMEBOL.
The finals were contested in two-legged home-and-away format between Argentine team Estudiantes de La Plata
and Uruguayan team Nacional. The first leg was hosted by Nacional at Estadio Centenario of Montevideo on May 15, 1969, while the second leg was played at Estudiantes Stadium in La Plata on May 22, 1969.
Estudiantes won the series 3-0 on aggregate, winning their 2nd title Copa Libertadores.
Qualified teams
Venues
Match details
First leg
Second leg
References
1969
1
l
l
1969 in Uruguayan football
1969 in Argentine football
Football in Buenos Aires Province
Football in Montevideo
"Dirt Road Anthem" is a country rap song written and sung by American singers Colt Ford and Brantley Gilbert first (who also wrote Aldean's hit "My Kinda Party"), each of whom recorded their own version of the song. Jason Aldean covered the song for their 2010 album My Kinda Party, and released it as the third single from the album in April 2011. The song debuted as a single as Aldean's previous single, "Don't You Wanna Stay", was at the number one spot on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. On November 30, the song received a nomination at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards for Best Country Solo Performance. It is the best-selling song in digital history by a male country solo artist in the United States with over four million sold.
Content
"Dirt Road Anthem" is a mid-tempo country rap song. The song expresses country pride, southern values, and remembering good times from the past.
Country rapper Colt Ford originally recorded the song for their 2008 album Ride Through the Country, with Brantley Gilbert singing vocals on the chorus. Gilbert later recorded a revisited version of the song for their 2010 album Halfway to Heaven with Ford on guest vocals.
According to The Boot, Aldean's publicist teased about the song, suggesting Aldean listened to "a little Snoop Dogg in their time;" regarding the song, Aldean said they did not consider "Dirt Road Anthem" a rap song. They continued by saying, "...if I was to do anything like that, it's not going to be like Kanye West-style or anything."
The song is written in the key of D major with a tempo of 63 beats per minute.
Remix
At the 2011 CMT Music Awards, Aldean performed the song with guest rapper Ludacris, who joined Aldean onstage after the second chorus to perform their own hip hop-style second verse. On picking Ludacris for the collaboration, Aldean said, "...even though our music is totally different, our roots are the same. We both know about hot Georgia summers and cooling off with a six pack or two. It wasn't that much of a stretch." A remixed studio version featuring Ludacris was released for digital download through iTunes on June 9, 2011.
Revisited version
Colt Ford and Brantley Gilbert released a revisited version of their original recording, featuring a third verse of rapping by Gilbert.
Critical reception
"Dirt Road Anthem" has received overall mixed reception from music critics. Matt Bjorke of Roughstock gave "Dirt Road Anthem" a 4.5-star rating, saying "Jason Aldean knows he's not a rapper and this isn't a style of music that he'll continuously do...but as for a new song with a different sound, it certainly works." Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe gave the song a D grade, using heavy sarcasm to acknowledge that the song's content followed tired, formulaic patterns often used in other country songs.
Music video
The music video for "Dirt Road Anthem", directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions, premiered June 13, 2011 on CMT. The video was entirely shot in black-and-white, portraying Aldean driving a Ram pickup truck through the countryside and stopping at a clearance where they reminisce of their teenage years of partying with friends around a campfire.
The video for "Dirt Road Anthem" was filmed around Old Hickory, Tennessee (a suburb of Nashville). The twin bridges are crossing the Cumberland River, and the factory scene, railroad beds and small town were filmed around Rayon City. Some scenes were in or near Rayon City but it is actually a part of Old Hickory. The laundromat that is driven by is in Old Hickory proper.
Commercial performance
The song debuted at number 57 on the United States Billboard Hot Country Songs chart for the chart week dated February 5, 2011, as an album cut from unsolicited airplay. "Dirt Road Anthem" had reached a peak of number 49 before being released as a single in April 2011. The song later became Aldean's sixth number one hit on the Hot Country Songs chart the week of July 30, 2011. It also debuted at number 68 on the United States Billboard Hot 100 chart for the week of April 23, 2011. It has since become their first top 10 hit on that chart, and the highest-charting single of their career. It also debuted at number 92 on the Canadian Hot 100 chart for the week of May 28, 2011.
In September 2011, the song became the first for a male solo country artist to top the two million mark in digital sales. By March 2014, the song has sold over four million digital downloads, making it then the seventh best-selling country song in the US, and the best-selling song by male country solo artist in digital history. As of April 2014, it has sold 4,027,000 copies in the US.
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Usage in media
"Dirt Road Anthem" was briefly featured in the 2016 drama-thriller film Patriots Day, directed by Peter Berg and starring Mark Wahlberg.
References
2010 songs
2011 singles
Country ballads
2010s ballads
Jason Aldean songs
Colt Ford songs
Ludacris songs
Music videos directed by Deaton-Flanigen Productions
Songs written by Brantley Gilbert
BBR Music Group singles
Country rap songs
Song recordings produced by Michael Knox (record producer)
Songs written by Colt Ford
Black-and-white music videos
Songs about roads
WFTU may refer to:
World Federation of Trade Unions
WFTU (AM), a radio station (1570 AM) licensed to serve Riverhead, New York, United States
Hibbertia tridentata is a species of flowering plant in the family Dilleniaceae and is only known from a single population in Arnhem Land in the Northern Territory. It is a shrub with a few wiry branches, egg-shaped to triangular leaves with the narrower end towards the base, and yellow flowers usually arranged singly in leaf axils with eighteen to twenty stamens arranged around two densely scaly carpels.
Description
Hibbertia tridentata is a shrub with a few wiry branches up to , the foliage mostly covered with rosette-like hairs. The leaves are egg-shaped to triangular with the narrower end towards the base, mostly long and wide on a petiole long. The flowers are usually arranged singly in leaf axils on a thread-like peduncle long, with linear bracts long at the base. The five sepals are joined at the base, the two outer sepal lobes lance-shaped, long and about wide, and the inner lobes about slightly broader. The five petals are oblong, yellow, long with a small notch at the tip and there are eighteen to twenty stamens arranged around the two densely scaly carpels, each carpel with two ovules.
Taxonomy
Hibbertia tridentata was first formally described in 2010 by Hellmut R. Toelken in the Journal of the Adelaide Botanic Gardens from a specimen collected near Maningrida in 2000. The specific epithet (tridentata) means "three-toothed", referring to the leaves.
Distribution
This hibbertia is only known from a single location where it grows on scree slopes in heath-like scrub in Arnhem Land.
Conservation status
Hibbertia tridentata is classified as "data deficient" under the Northern Territory Government Northern Territory Government Territory Parks and Wildlife Conservation Act 1976.
See also
List of Hibbertia species
References
tridentata
Flora of the Northern Territory
Plants described in 2010
Taxa named by Hellmut R. Toelken
Cuzznz is the collaborative studio album by the American West coast hip hop recording artists Daz Dillinger and Snoop Dogg. It was released on January 15, 2016, by Felder Entertainment Inc. Cuzznz has guest appearances from Dâm-funk, Kurupt and Shon'Lawon.
Singles
On April 11, 2014 "We'll Miss U" was released. This song is a Tribute for UNCLE JUNE BUG. produce by dj2high
The track "Sho You Right" was released on SoundCloud on October 26, 2015. The song was produced by Dâm-funk.
"Best Friend" was leaked via SoundCloud on December 3, 2015, and released along with the pre-order of the album on same day. It was officially released as the album's first single. The song was produced by kjconteh.
On January 14, 2016, "N My Life Tyme" was released. The song was produced by Dâm-funk.
Track listing
See also
2016 in hip hop music
References
2016 albums
Daz Dillinger albums
Snoop Dogg albums
Collaborative albums
The Protection of Wrecks Act 1973 (c. 33) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom which provides protection for designated shipwrecks.
Section 1 of the act provides for wrecks to be designated because of historical, archaeological or artistic value. Section 2 provides for designation of dangerous sites. Wreck sites must have a known location in order to be designated. Designated wrecks are marked on admiralty charts and their physical location is sometimes marked by means of a buoy (seamark). Information boards are often provided at nearby launch points on land.
Wrecks designated by virtue of historical, archaeological or artistic value
It is a criminal offence to interfere with a wreck designated under section 1 of the act without a licence. Navigation, angling and bathing are permitted provided this will not interfere with the wreck. A licence is required to dive at the wreck site. Separate licences are required for any disturbance, such as recovery of artifacts or underwater excavation. Licences to survey, visit etc. can be obtained by applying online to Historic England, to Cadw, and Historic Scotland.
Anchoring on the wreck site is also not permitted except in accordance with licensed activities. The area designated may extend beyond the visible remains.
Designation and licensing under section 1 of the act is managed by Historic England, Cadw and Historic Scotland.
The first wreck to be designated was the Cattewater Wreck at Plymouth, in 1973. As of July 2007 there were 60 wreck sites under current protection under section 1 of the act. Two sites that had at some point been designated have subsequently been revoked.
Identifying protected wreck sites
All protected wrecks are listed in the annual Admiralty Notices to Mariners and are marked on the United Kingdom Hydrographic Office charts. A statutory instrument shows the location of the site and also the extent of the restricted protected area. This is often done using a buoy, (usually yellow and inscribed 'Protected Wreck') although sites that are close to the shore may have notices on land which not only serve to warn, but often also describe why the wreck is important (e.g. on the National Trust path at the Salcombe Moor Sand / Salcombe Cannon site).
Despite this, criminal damage to protected wrecks is reported frequently. Artefacts from the site of the British warship HMS Coronation, off Penlee Point, were allegedly stolen in 2011, and arrests were made in April 2011 over thefts from the warship HMS London.
Wrecks designated as dangerous
As of July 2008, only two wrecks are designated as dangerous under section 2 of the act. These are the SS Richard Montgomery (designated in 1973), and the SS Castilian (designated in 1997), in both cases due to containing large amounts of explosives. The MV Braer was also protected from 1993, until the order was revoked in 1994. Designation provides for an exclusion zone for all activities around the wreck. Diving is strictly prohibited on these dangerous wrecks. Designation and control under section 2 of the act is managed by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency.
Wrecks protected by other means
A number of wreck sites have been protected under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979 as maritime scheduled monuments. These are:
The remains of the scuttled German High Seas Fleet in Scapa Flow
The remains of eight historic fishing vessels in Aberlady Bay
The Louisa, at Grangetown, Cardiff
HMS D1, near Dartmouth, Devon
All wrecked aircraft and a number of designated military shipwrecks are protected as military maritime graves, i.e. war graves under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986. This is administered by the UK Ministry of Defence.
Maritime sites other than wrecks, such as fish traps, may also be protected by scheduling.
Lists of wrecks
There are currently (2011) 61 historic protected wreck sites designated in the UK, although this is only a tiny fragment of the wrecks that are known to exist. There are 46 in English and Welsh waters and fifteen in Scottish waterseight of these are designated under the 1973 Act, whilst the remains of the German High Seas Fleet are protected under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979.
There is a searchable list of all protected wreck sites in England available online using the National Heritage List for England. A map of the sites in Scotland is available through Historic Scotland, whilst Cadw has a list on its website.
Falkland Islands protected wrecks
On 7 July 1977 the legislature of the overseas territory of the Falkland Islands passed an ordinance similar to the UK Protection of Wrecks Act, allowing for the protection of wrecks in colonial waters that are either of historical, archaeological or artistic importance (section 3), or are dangerous (section 4). On 20 October 1983, an order was passed under the ordinance, designating the areas around the wrecks of HMS Ardent and HMS Antelope, lying in Falkland Sound and San Carlos Water, respectively as prohibited places under section 4. On 3 November 2006, an order came into force to designate the area around the wreck of HMS Coventry as a restricted area. These three ships had been sunk during the Falklands War.
See also
Archaeology of shipwrecks
Maritime archaeology
Wreck diving
References
Maritime and Coastguard website information on protected wrecks
English Heritage Protected Wrecks website information about the protection of wrecks and application for licences in England
English Heritage Maritime Archaeology Publications for ACHWS annual reports, guidance on historic wrecks and other relevant material
Cadw website information about the protection of wrecks and other maritime sites in Wales
Martin, Colin (2004), "Close Encounters of a Licensed Kind", in The Advisory Committee for Historic Wreck Sites Annual Report for 2004, pp16–19. This article provides a description of the working of the Act.
Fenwick, Valerie and Gale, Alison (1998), Historic Shipwrecks, Discovered, Protected and Investigated, Tempus Publishing Limited, . This book describes the 47 wrecks designated in the first 25 years of the Act.
Protection of Wrecks Ordinance 1977 (No. 12) 7 July 1977 (Falkland Islands)
Protection of Wrecks (Ardent and Antelope Designation) Order 1983 (No. 2) 20 October 1983 (Falkland Islands)
Protection of Wrecks (Designation) Order 2006 (no. 24) 23 October 2006 (Falkland Islands)
External links
The National Heritage List for England
Advisory Committee on Historic Wreck sites (ACHWS)
Archaeology of shipwrecks
Protected Wrecks of the United Kingdom
Shipwreck law
Ships of the United Kingdom
Scheduled monuments
United Kingdom Acts of Parliament 1973
Serikin is a small Bidayuh town in Kuching Division, Sarawak, Malaysia. The town is located about 15 km from Bau town and 80 km from Kuching city. Serikin is located on the border of Indonesia and Malaysia. Serikin is called Kampung Jagoi Serikin by the local residents.
Serikin is well known among locals and tourists for its weekend market. Held on each Saturday and Sunday, the market attracts many who come to buy goods from sellers from Indonesia. Serikin Weekend Market was started in 1992.
Located nearby are Kangang Waterfall and Tuboh Waterfall.
Climate
Serikin has a tropical rainforest climate (Af) with heavy to very heavy rainfall year-round.
References
Towns in Sarawak
Tobias Walter is a German field hockey player who plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian club Braxgata. They played a total of 58 matches for the German national team from 2015 to 2019.
Club career
Walter started playing hockey at Frankenthal and in 2007 they switched to Dürkheimer HC, who they left in 2009 for Mannheimer HC. They moved to Harvestehude in 2012. After six seasons with Harvestehude, they moved to Belgium to play for Dragons in Brasschaat. After three seasons they left Dragons to play for Braxgata.
International career
Walter made their debut for the senior national team in March 2015 in a test match against Great Britain. In December 2018, they were nominated for the FIH Goalkeeper of the Year Award.
References
External links
1990 births
Living people
Male field hockey goalkeepers
German male field hockey players
2018 Men's Hockey World Cup players
Mannheimer HC players
Harvestehuder THC players
KHC Dragons players
Men's Belgian Hockey League players
Expatriate field hockey players
German expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Place of birth missing (living people)
Men's Feldhockey Bundesliga players
21st-century German people
Ingeborg De Meulemeester (born 14 April 1965, in Kortrijk) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N-VA. They were elected as a member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives in 2010.
Notes
1965 births
Living people
People from Kortrijk
New Flemish Alliance politicians
Members of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
21st-century Belgian politicians
21st-century Belgian women politicians
Belgian women in politics
Johan Magnus Lönnroth (born 25 December 1937, Gothenburg), is a Swedish left-wing politician and an economist. They have also been a Member of parliament for Vänsterpartiet (the Swedish Left Party) for several years. 1991–2003.  They are currently working part-time at University of Gothenburg.
Bibliography
Swedish
Marxism som matematisk ekonomi: en kritik av några moderna Marxtolkningar, 1977
Minervas uggla: om ekonomerna som maktens predikanter, 1985
Politisk ekonomi: svenska och internationella tanketraditioner, 1989
Ekonomi för alla, 1991
Schamanerna: om ekonomi som förgylld vardag, 1993
Den tredje vänstern, 1997
Gunnar Westin Silverstolpe: folkbildare, poet och naivistisk nationalekonom, 2003
Göteborgsskolan: praktisk, friakademisk, historisk, folkbildande, social, 2006
Den tredje vänstern (new revised edition), 2009
Hallonöarna, 2010
Albin Ström och det frihetliga spåret i svensk arbetarrörelse, 2014
References
1937 births
Living people
People from Gothenburg
Members of the Riksdag 2002–2006
Saint Husik I, often known as Husik () was a Catholicos of Armenia's Holy Apostolic Church who lived in the fourth century. They were the fourth in line of then of the Parthian Catholicoi immediately after Gregory the Illuminator, St. Aristaces I and St. Vrtanes I.
Husik was the son of Vrtanes I by an unnamed mother and had a brother called Grigoris who was martyred in Caucasian Albania (died 330–340). Their paternal uncle was Aristaces I and paternal grandfather was the great Gregory the Illuminator.
Although Husik was born, educated and ordained in Caesarea Cappadocia; they also spent part of their life in the Arsacid Court of King Tigranes VII (Tiran). Husik married at some point an Arsacid Princess, who was an unnamed daughter of Tiridates III of Armenia and Ashkhen. With their wife, Husik had two sons:
Papas (Pap), who renounced their Catholicos position in 348. They married Varazdoukht, an Arsacid Princess who was one of the sisters of Tigranes VII.
At'anaganes, who married Bambish, an Arsacid Princess, a sister of Varazdoukht and Tigranes VII. Through their second son, Husik was the grandfather of the Catholicos, St. Nerses I.
They became the new Catholicos after their father and reigned from 341 until 347. Husik was a true follower of their family's virtues. During their reign, Husik denounced the evils of King Tigranes VII and the King's courtiers. They went so far at one point, Husik tried to ban Tigranes VII and their associates from the church at the time of a festival. For this act that Husik did to King Tigranes VII and their associates, Husik died as a Christian martyr from being clubbed to death. Husik along with their brother and members of their family are all Saints in the Armenian Apostolic Church.
References
Sources
M.H. Dodgeon & S.N.C Lieu, The Roman eastern Frontier and the Persian Wars (AD 226–363): a documentary history, Part 1, Routledge, 1994
C. Toumanoff, Manuel de généalogie et de chronologie pour le Caucase chrétien (Arménie, Géorgie, Albanie) [détail des éditions], p. 74
R. Grousset, Histoire de l'Arménie des origines à 1071, Paris, Payot, 1947 (réimpr. 1973, 1984, 1995, 2008), 644, pp. 127–130
The Armenian Church – Mother See of Holy Etchmiadzin: Establishment of the Armenian Church
P'awstos Buzandac'i's, History of the Armenians
See also
Gregorids
340s deaths
Armenian saints
Catholicoi of Armenia
Saints of the Armenian Apostolic Church
Year of birth unknown
4th-century Christian martyrs
Sirmaur is a town and a nagar panchayat in Rewa district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It is about 42 kilometers from Rewa.
Geography
Sirmaur is located at . It has an average elevation of 291 metres (954 feet).
The Rewa Plateau covers the Huzur, Sirmaur, and Mauganj tehsils of Rewa district. The height decreases from south to north.
Significant waterfalls on the Tamsa or Tons and its tributaries, as they come down from the Rewa Plateau, are: Chachai Falls (127m) on the Bihad River, a tributary of the Tamsa, the Keoti Falls (98m) on the Mahana River, a tributary of the Tamsa, Odda Falls (145m) on the Odda River, a tributary of the Belah River, which is itself a tributary of the Tamsa, and Purwa Falls (70m) on the Tamsa or Tons.
Demographics
India census, Sirmaur had a population of 10,938. Males constitute 54% of the population and females 46%. Sirmaur has an average literacy rate of 60%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 70%, and female literacy is 49%. In Sirmaur, 15% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Transport
By air
Nearest airport in Prayagraj, Uttar Pradesh.
By bus
Bus stand available in the city bus stand Sirmaur.
See also
Sirmour (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
References
Cities and towns in Rewa district
Kamarusak-e Bala (, also Romanized as Kam‘arūsak-e Bālā; also known as Kam ‘Arūsak-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 25, in 6 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
A by-election for the seat of Ascot in the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia was held on 13 November 1971. It was triggered by the death of Merv Toms, the serving Labor member and Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, on 8 October 1971.
Toms' death reduced Labor to a minority government, and David Brand, the opposition leader, threatened to bring on a motion of no confidence. Because of this, the premier, John Tonkin, controversially advised the governor, Sir Douglas Kendrew, to prorogue parliament until the by-election was held. A loss for the Labor Party was considered high unlikely and did not eventuate, although the party did suffer a heavy negative swing of 22.4 points on first preferences. The winning candidate, Mal Bryce, polled 53.4 percent of the vote, while the Liberal candidate, Fred Chaney, polled 41.6 percent of the vote, despite the party not having contested the seat at the 1971 state election.
Background
Merv Toms had held Ascot for the Labor Party since the seat's creation at the 1968 state election, and had first been elected to parliament at the 1956 election. They were elected to the speakership after Labor's victory at the 1971 election, and due to the party's one-seat majority had to frequently exercise their casting vote. Toms died in office on 8 October 1971, with the writ for the by-election issued on 14 October and the close of nominations on 21 October. Polling day was on 13 November, with the writ returned on 30 November.
Results
No distribution of preferences was carried out, as the Labor candidate recorded an absolute majority on the first count.
Aftermath
Bryce increased their majority at the 1974 state election, despite the Tonkin government being defeated. They became deputy premier under Brian Burke when Labor returned to power in 1983, serving until their retirement in 1988. Bryce's chief opponent at the by-election, Fred Chaney, was elected to the Senate at the 1974 federal election.
See also
1932 Roebourne state by-election, held in similar circumstances
1973 Balcatta state by-election, held in similar circumstances
List of Western Australian state by-elections
References
Western Australian state by-elections
1971 elections in Australia
November 1971 events in Australia
Reform and Development Party may refer to:
Reform and Development Party (Morocco), a Moroccan political party
Reform and Development Party (Palestine), a Palestinian political party
Reform and Development Party (Egypt), an Egyptian political party
Party of Reform and Development, a Libyan political party
The Women's Marathon at the 2001 World Championships in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada was held on Sunday August 12, 2001.
Medalists
Abbreviations
All times shown are in hours:minutes:seconds
Records
Intermediates
Final ranking
See also
Women's Olympic Marathon (2000)
2001 Marathon Year Ranking
2001 World Marathon Cup
References
Results
IAAF
M
Marathons at the World Athletics Championships
2001 marathons
Women's marathons
World Championships in Athletics marathon
Marathons in Canada
nl:IAAF wereldkampioenschap marathon 2001
Altuğ is a Turkish masculine given name and a Turkish surname.
Given name
Altuğ Taner Akçam (born 1953), Turkish-German historian, sociologist and author
Surname
Emre Altuğ (born 1970), Turkish pop singer and actor
İrem Altuğ (born 1980), Turkish actor and author
Ömer Altuğ (musician) (1907–1965), Turkish musician
Ömer Altuğ (ambassador) (born 1947), Turkish ambassador
Şevket Altuğ (born 1943), Turkish actor
References
Turkish masculine given names
Turkish-language surnames
The Northumberland Apartments is a historic apartment building in the U Street Corridor of Washington, D.C. The Classical Revival building was constructed in 1909-10 by local real estate developer Harry Wardman and Albert H. Beers. In 1980, the building was placed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Siting
The Northumberland Apartments occupies a significant lot on New Hampshire Avenue, N.W. The irregular shape of the lot, created by the intersection of this major diagonal avenue and the grid of L'Enfant's 1791 plan for the Federal City, dictated the shape of the building. The Northumberland's eclectic, classical facade blends harmoniously with the buildings in the area and contributes to the visual variety and richness of the New Hampshire Avenue streetscape between Sixteenth Street and Florida Avenue. The building remains an unaltered element in a neighborhood identity created by Victorian rowhouses, large apartment buildings, and churches and institutional buildings. The variety of building types and styles, and the unusual spatial configuration of the short blocks and irregularly-shaped lots, creates a richness of streetscape seldom found so intact in the city today.
Design
Exterior
Beers designed the Northumberland in an eclectic early-twentieth century adaptation of eighteenth-century classicism. Its design and conception were French in origin, illustrating Beers' familiarity with the current fashion in apartment design. The quality of construction, materials, and craftsmanship found in the building is exceptionally high. The Northumberland stands in its original state; this unaltered condition contributes significantly to the building's importance. The Northumberland is perhaps the only such example of an early-twentieth century luxury apartment building left intact in Washington.
The Northumberland is approached by a semi-circular driveway. The building is red and white brick and dressed limestone and features an eclectic collection of classical architectural elements. The facade is divided into three horizontal bands. The upper and lower bands are white brick and stone and are each two stories high. The configuration of the fenestration is the same on both levels, although the scale is smaller in the upper band. The windows are paired vertically - an arched window above a square one - and contained within a quoined Gibbs surround that encompasses the windows and the spandrel between. Similar limestone quoins are also found at the corners of the two bands.
The middle band of three floors is rough red brick. The rectangular windows are unusually large and are capped by pressed brick jack arches with stone console keystones. An elaborate metal bracketed cornice forms a projecting cap for the building and eloquently defines the roofline. The variety and richness of the materials and textures contribute to the impressive dignity of the Northumberland. Other detailing, including limestone ledges and quoins, add a decorative element.
Perhaps the most distinctive feature of the facade is the Palladian-inspired recessed entry. The curved space, framed by two pairs of Ionic columns and pilasters, is high and over wide. Above is a high entablature capped by two classical stone urns. The wide door, with its elliptical fanlight and sidelights, is set in a deep niche.
The fenestration plays a major role in determining the feeling of the facade. The windows are unusually large for the period, some measuring over square. The variety of sash types, including 16/1, add to the richness of the design. Consoles and metal ornamentation provide additional embellishment. The consoles are two types - metal under the projecting cornice and limestone above the windows. The Former are decorated with deeply chased acanthus leaves. The latter are classical in style and serve as the keystones in the jack arches above the windows. Other decorative metal details include four types of molding (dentil, egg and dart, ogee, and plain), a large floral frieze, and chamfered metal panels.
Interior
The exterior of the Northumberland, in spite of its variety of materials and architectural elements, hardly prepares one for the explosion of decorative features and materials in the main public space of the building. The lobby has been described as unique among Wardman's many buildings. Some connoisseurs of architectural history consider it the most distinctive lobby in the city. Eclectic in design and decoration, it reflects the taste in vogue in New York City luxury apartments at the turn of the 20th century. It boasts two huge fireplaces and four columns with ornamental capitals. The staircase and lighting fixtures exhibit fine handwrought iron work. The central staircase, with white-grey marble steps, branches at the landing with separate marbleized staircases leading to each wing of the building. The three stairways are well related visually. Facing the entrance at the first landing are three original curved stained glass windows with heraldic monograms (the initial N). The two fireplaces, which face one another, are high, wide, and deep.
The construction is wood, marbleized to match the color of the walls. The two marbleized staircases curve slightly and extend from the lobby to the first floor. Each is headed by a finial in the form of an obelisk tall, containing six marble steps, and six unusually shaped balusters. Quasi columns form the end of the staircases, complete with eclectic capitals and elements of decoration that form part of the over-all lobby pattern. An elegant arch highlights the entrance to the corridors. The main staircase to the first landing has thirteen marble steps. The lobby floor consists of the same ceramic tile and decorative pattern as is found in the corridors. The transom over the door is in the form of an arc and is decorated with an impressive marbleized border.
The lobby of the Northumberland is distinguished by a wealth of decorative ornamentation associated with European architectural embellishments derived from classical, medieval, gothic, and renaissance motifs. Its great size ( and height () allowed the architect and builder great freedom in designing the motifs that make up the decoration. The marbleized walls, columns, side staircases, and fireplaces provide an elegant background for the ornamentation. The yellowish color of the imitation marble blends harmoniously with the basic buff color of the decorative plasterwork, accentuated with touches of gilt.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington, D.C.
References
External links
Three Stories from the Northumberland Apartments, via ghostsofdc.org
Apartment buildings in Washington, D.C.
Neoclassical architecture in Washington, D.C.
Residential buildings completed in 1909
Residential buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Washington, D.C.
Ludowieka ("Wieke") Victoria Hoogzaad (born 29 June 1970, in Dordrecht) is an athlete from the Netherlands, who is nicknamed Wiki de Viking. They compete in triathlon.
Hoogzaad competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics. They took twenty-fifth place with a total time of 2:06:45.48. Four years later, Hoogzaad again took twenty-fifth place. Them time at the 2004 Summer Olympics was 2:09:47.21.
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
Profile
1970 births
Living people
Dutch female triathletes
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Olympic triathletes of the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Dordrecht
Duathletes
21st-century Dutch women
Obaidullah Karimi (; born on 21 December 1979) is an Afghan former footballer who played as a forward. They were the only Afghan player to score a goal in a FIFA World Cup qualification when they scored in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (AFC) against Syria.
In their career, they had four metatarsal fractures.
Career statistics
Club
International
Scores and results list Afghanistan's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Karimi goal.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Footballers from Kabul
Afghan footballers
Association football forwards
Afghanistan international footballers
Hamburger SV II players
SC Concordia von 1907 players
German people of Afghan descent
FC Eintracht Norderstedt 03 players
Afghan expatriate footballers
Afghan expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate footballers in Germany
Michael Gilio is an American writer, director, and actor.  They are known for the independent film Kwik Stop, the upcoming Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves, and the film adaptation of the novella Dark Harvest.
Life and career
Gilio was born in Illinois where they wrote and directed their first feature film, Kwik Stop. The film debuted at the Los Angeles Independent Film Festival in 2001. Gilio was subsequently nominated for an Independent Spirit Award as "Someone to Watch" for Kwik Stop and won "Best Director" at the Buenos Aires International Festival of Independent Cinema. Their original screenplay Big Hole was listed as one of the top five scripts on The Black List in 2008 and their script Keep Coming Back was listed again in 2010. As a screenwriter, Gilio has been attached to various studio projects with established directors; Guillermo del Toro and Doug Liman with Justice League Dark; Phil Lord & Christopher Miller with Carter Beats the Devil; Gore Verbinski and Chris Milk with Gilio's original screenplay Bitterroot.
In 2021 two projects written by Gilio were put into production: Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves for Paramount Pictures, directed by Jonathan Goldstein & John Francis Daley; and Dark Harvest for MGM, directed by David Slade and executive-produced by Gilio.
Filmography
Kwik Stop (2001)
Dark Harvest (2022)
Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves (2023)
References
American film actors
American screenwriters
American film directors
Living people
People from Arlington Heights, Illinois
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Black Manifesto was a 1969 manifesto that demanded $500 million in reparations from white churches and synagogues for their participation in the injustices of slavery and segregation committed against African-Americans.
History
The manifesto was developed during the National Black Economic Development Conference held in Detroit, Michigan, in 1969. American civil rights activist James Forman presented the first draft of the manifesto on April 26, 1969, receiving the support of the conference in a 187-63 vote of delegates.
Demands
The manifesto made the argument that much of America had been built with black slave labor, and that churches and synagogues had implicitly played a role in facilitating that process. Its opening paragraph read:
We the black people assembled in Detroit, Michigan for the National Black Economic Development Conference are fully aware that we have been forced to come together because racist white America has exploited our resources, our minds, our bodies, our labor. For centuries we have been forced to live as colonized people inside the United States, victimized by the most vicious, racist system in the world. We have helped to build the most industrial country in the world.
The text of the manifesto demanded $500 million in donations from churches and synagogues, to be routed to a specific group of organizations, some of which had yet to be formed. The largest demand was for the creation of a $200 million land bank in the American South, in order "to help our brothers and sisters who have to leave their land because of racist pressure for people who want to establish cooperative farms". $40 million was to be divided equally among four publishing and printing companies serving the black communities of Detroit, Atlanta, Los Angeles and New York. Four television networks, meant "as an alternative to racist propaganda" were to be established with $10 million each, in Detroit, Chicago, Cleveland and Washington, D.C. $30 million would go to the establishment of a research center into the social problems faced by African-Americans. $130 million was designated to begin a black university in the American south.
Publication
Forman presented the manifesto to the public on May 4, 1969 at New York City's Riverside Church, interrupting a Sunday service to do so. The day earlier, Forman had requested and been denied permission to speak, by the minister Rev. Dr. Ernest Campbell. Trying to prevent Forman's speech, Campbell directed the organist to play and also began a silent walkout of congregants. The church obtained a civil restraining order against Foreman the same week.
The manifesto was also read out loud on May 4 at the First United Presbyterian Church of San Francisco. It was later published in the July 10, 1969 edition of the New York Review of Books.
Outcomes
The manifesto's demands were ultimately rejected by most churches and synagogues. A few churches made donations to the organizations mentioned in the manifesto, and several reassessed their processes to ensure equal opportunity to people of color. On August 29, 1969, Time magazine wrote that "Since Forman first issued their arrogantly worded 'Black Manifesto' in Detroit last April, only an estimated $22,000 has trickled into the coffers of their National Black Economic Development Conference. Forman's demands have been successful, however, as a catalyst in moving churches to examine their consciences."
References
External links
Civil rights in the United States
Manifestos
Reparations for slavery
1969 documents
MV Skorpios I was a Chile-registered cruise ship owned and operated by Cruceros Skorpios. They had simple decorated wood style interior and copper plates covering the hull to avoid ice shocks at the wood structure. The ship was scrapped on 25 October 2018.
Gallery
External links
Cruceros Skorpios (Spanish)
References
Cruise ships
1978 ships
Phtheochroa primula is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Mexico on Popocatépetl volcano.
References
Moths described in 1914
Phtheochroa
MS Van Heutsz was a Dutch diesel powered passenger and cargo vessel of the Koninklijke Paketvaart-Maatschappij (KPM) line operating from Batavia (now Jakarta, Indonesia) in the Dutch East Indies. The ship, as was sister ship , was designed for the longer routes of the East Indies inter-island trade extending to Singapore and Hong Kong. The ships had limited cabin accommodation for passengers but large deck passenger capacity. Much of the passenger trade was with Chinese moving between China, Singapore and the East Indies.
During World War II with the Netherlands and colonies outside the Americas occupied by Germany or Japan Van Heutsz and over twenty other KPM ships formed the base of the United States Army permanent local fleet in the South West Pacific area under the South West Pacific Area Command for the duration of the war. Van Heutsz was used as a troop transport during the campaigns from Australia up to recapture of islands in the East Indies.
After the war the ship became involved in political and labor disputes related to the emergence of an Indonesian independence movement. The KPM crews were natives of the East Indies with officers Dutch. Crews struck, walked off the ships and Australian labor unions refused to service the ships as they were returning to the East Indies with Dutch troops and arms.
On return Van Heutsz resumed the former route under the Koninklijke Java-China Paketvaart Lijnen N.V. line; however a wave of piracy was sweeping the area and the ship was taken by pirates north of Hong Kong during an afternoon, forced to a new destination and looted through the night into the next morning. Van Heutsz continued those operations until reverting to KPM and being renamed Barentsz in 1957. In 1959 the ship was sold and scrapped in Hong Kong.
Construction
The ship was built by N.V. Koninklijke Maatschappij 'De Schelde', Scheepswerf en Machinefabriek, Vlissingen (Flushing), Zeeland, Netherlands. The ship was laid down in April 1925, launched 13 March 1926 and delivered in November.
Van Heutsz was , , , length overall, length between perpendiculars with a beam of . Two 6-cylinder Sulzer diesels produced 3,400 bhp to drive twin screws for a speed of . The ship had three decks with cabin accommodations for 16 first class and 60 second class passengers with space for 2,137 deck passengers. There was (bale) cargo space.
History
The ship began service with Koninklijke Paketvaart-Maatschappij (Royal Packet Navigation Company) commonly KPM on 8 November 1926 serving inter-island routes within the Dutch East and to Singapore, China and Africa. Van Heutsz was assigned to the inter-island, Singapore and China service as was sister ship Cremer.
Commercial service 1926—1941
A typical route would include Belawan, Penang, Singapore and Chinese ports such as Shantou (Swatow), Xiamen (Amoy) and Hong Kong on a passage taking three days. Passengers on the China-Singapore route included large numbers of Chinese as deck passengers with 1,933 being noted as an example. Opium smuggling was often a problem with Chandu being found in freight and even crew dropping packages for pickup by small boats during transit.
In the first days of September 1937 the ship was caught in the Great Hong Kong typhoon and was one of twenty large ships driven ashore. On 2 September 1937 Van Heutsz with 60 cabins and 1,200 deck passengers collided with several other ships before being grounded on Green Island, Hong Kong. Passengers and crew were rescued and placed on other ships for passage but the ship was holed in two places requiring major repairs. By 10 September the ship had been refloated and placed on a mudbank until a dry dock became available for permanent repairs.
Between the German invasion and occupation of the Netherlands and outbreak of war in the Pacific the Dutch government-in-exile maintained control of the colonies with KPM and its ships maintaining relatively normal operations. On 8 December 1941 that area was at risk and was quickly occupied by Japan. With the government in exile in London and both the home country and colonies outside the Americas at war and then occupied the ship's registry and corporate entity was changed for the duration to Willemstad, Netherlands Antilles.
Wartime service 1941—1945
Japanese attacks on 8 December 1941, the date west of the international date line when Pearl Harbor was bombed on the morning of 7 December local time east of the date line, abruptly ended peace in the Pacific. The attacks were widespread and almost simultaneous. The attack on Kota Bharu on the Malay peninsula had occurred before that on Pearl Harbor and, reduced to a common Australian time, all occurred between 0330 and 1000 hours on 8 December and all but the attack in Malaya were air attacks. At Kota Bharu the Japanese were landing forces to begin the campaign to occupy Southeast Asia and the Dutch East Indies. On 8 December 1941 the Netherlands government in exile declared war on Japan with the Governor General in the East Indies issuing a proclamation accepting the challenge to resist Japanese expansion. KPM ships were immediately involved in the defense efforts but despite Allied efforts and the formation of a specific command to defend the Malay Barrier the collapse came quickly.
With the collapse of the defenses the KPM ships, loaded with refugees and some damaged, arrived in Australian ports where they were quickly incorporated into the fleet being assembled by United States Forces in Australia (USFIA), shortly to be redesignated as U.S. Army Forces in Australia (USAFIA) and later the U.S. Army Services of Supply (USASOS). On 26 March 1942 the Chief Quartermaster USAFIA chartered 24 Dutch ships for 45 days while long term arrangements were worked out in London and Washington. The ultimate arrangement was one in which the British Ministry of War Transport working in London with the government in exile would make arrangements for all Dutch commercial ships with those on time charter or long-term charter, as the SWPA fleet, being through a sub arrangement with the U.S. War Shipping Administration. Operationally the SWPA vessels were under "full and complete control" of General MacArthur Van Heutsz was one of those ships and became part of the U.S. Army's permanent local fleet from 26 March 1942 to 1 September 1945 assigned the identifier X-11.
On 18 May 1942, escorted by and , Van Heutsz with the Dutch transports , and of convoy "ZK.8" carried 4,735 Australian 14th Brigade troops from Sydney to reinforce Port Moresby. The convoy reached its destination at the end of the month despite Japanese submarine activity in the vicinity of Sydney and the Australian east coast.
The ship continued operations between Australia the ports being reinforced and established to defend and then launch the New Guinea campaign. The ship, escorted by , arrived in Milne Bay along with and around midnight on 17 September 1942. That port was to be the base for the campaigns to the west to secure New Guinea.
A major prelude to that campaign was establishing a new supply route from Milne Bay to Oro Bay through a dangerous inside passage to avoid the Japanese controlled waters to the north. The supply route was established and ships, largely the Dutch vessels, began Operation Lilliput. Van Heutsz was damaged by an air attack on 9 January 1943 while discharging cargo at Oro Bay. One bomb hit the ship and two were near misses.
The ship was routinely engaged in logistics and troop transport during the New Guinea campaign. Then the ship supported the campaigns beyond the main island of New Guinea. On 26 November 1944 Van Heutsz was photographed at Jacquinot Bay, New Britain after transporting troops of the 13th Brigade (Australia) to the area. As the Allied advance moved north the ship returned to home waters including landing Australian troops of the 26th Brigade (Australia) at Morotai in early April 1945.
In September 1945 Van Heutsz was among the last three Dutch SWPA fleet vessels returned to KPM service. The others were and .
End of war return to Dutch East Indies
Before return to the Netherlands East Indies the ship was caught up in postwar independence and labor strife. The ship's seamen were Indonesian and favored independence, refusing to work particularly when the ships were carrying Netherlands troops and arms back to home islands. Australian unions sided with the ship's crews, declaring the ships "black" and thus not to be aided by any unionized entity, including tugs. Crewmen walking off the ships were declared illegal immigrants by the Australian government. As a result, the ships, including Van Heutsz often had to get underway only with the European officers and often military "crew". Thus on 1 October 1945 Van Heutsz departed Brisbane without aid of tugs having been prepared for departure by Dutch military personnel.
Post war commercial service
Van Heutsz, with registry changed to Amsterdam, began operating with the Koninklijke Java-China Paketvaart Lijnen N.V. (Royal Interocean Line) at the end of 1947 after a charter by Nederlands-Indische Regering from March to October 1946.
The ship resumed its old route to Hong Kong sometimes repatriating Chinese taken in the war and transporting Chinese to Singapore. Smuggling and piracy were a problem with several incidents. The worst was a case in which the ship was held overnight and looted. In the afternoon on 15 December 1947 twenty-five pirates disguised as passengers with arms concealed in luggage took over the ship north of Hong Kong. The pirates held the ship overnight and ordered the captain to put into Honghai Bay where loot and six Chinese first class passengers held for ransom were taken off. The ship was making the first trip without a Dutch military guard. Three of the persons held for ransom were released 19 April 1948 after payment. Police raids on resulted in capture of suspects who were identified by the captain and officers of the ship and some recovery was made of the loot. The last persons helf for ransom escaped 1 September 1948 after being held by three gangs in twenty-six locations. The pirates taking over Van Heutsz were part of well organized pirate gangs associated with syndicates reportedly with shareholders among the prominent and reputable business people of Singapore and Hong Kong.
Van Heutsz returned to KPM service in 1957 to be renamed Barentsz. In 1959 the ship was sold for scrapping to Chiap Hua Manufacturing Co. Ltd.in Hong Kong.
Footnotes
See also
Battle of Milne Bay
Battle of Buna–Gona
References
Bibliography
External links
Van Heutsz port quarter view (Ships Nostalgia)
Color image ("m.s. Maetsuycker en m.s. Van Heutsz" web page)
Australian War Memorial Van Heutsz photo collection
Cargo for the Jungle
1926 ships
Ships built in the Netherlands
Merchant ships of the Netherlands
Maritime incidents in 1937
World War II merchant ships of the Netherlands
South West Pacific theatre of World War II
Papua New Guinea in World War II
Ships attacked and captured by pirates
The men's 63 kg (138.6 lbs) Light-Contact category at the W.A.K.O. World Championships 2007 in Belgrade was the second lightest of the male Light-Contact tournaments being the equivalent of the light welterweight division when compared to Low-Kick and K-1's weight classes. There were twenty-two men from three continents (Europe, Asia and Africa) taking part in the competition. Each of the matches was three rounds of two minutes each and were fought under Light-Contact rules.
Due to the unequal number of fighters designed for a tournament fit for thirty-two, eleven of the contestants had a bye through to the second round. The tournament winner was Croatian Marko Sarko, beating Hungarian Sandor Szanto by unanimous decision in their gold medal match. Ukrainian Kostyantyn Demorets'kyy and Turk Murat Aydin won bronze medals having reached the semi finals.
Results
Key
See also
List of WAKO Amateur World Championships
List of WAKO Amateur European Championships
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
WAKO World Association of Kickboxing Organizations Official Site
Kickboxing events at the WAKO World Championships 2007 Belgrade
2007 in kickboxing
Kickboxing in Serbia
Francis Percy Umfreville Pickering (4 August 1851 – 11 March 1879) was an English cricketer. Pickering was a right-handed batsman who bowled right-arm underarm fast. They were born at Shipton, Yorkshire, the son of James Henry Shipton, and was educated at Eton College and Christ Church, Oxford.
While attending the University of Oxford, Pickering made their first-class debut for Oxford University against the Marylebone Cricket Club in 1873 at the Magdalen Ground. In what was their only first-class match for the university, Oxford University won the toss and elected to bat first, making 321/9 declared in their first-innings, with Pickering scoring 9 runs before they were dismissed by Alfred Shaw. The Marylebone Cricket Club responded in their first-innings by making 126 all out, with the Marylebone Cricket Club forced to follow-on in their second-innings, in which they made 255 all out, leaving Oxford University with a target of 61 for victory. The university reached their target with six wickets in hand, however Pickering was dismissed during the chase for 2 runs by Shaw. In that same year they played a first-class match for the Gentlemen of the Marylebone Cricket Club against Kent at the St Lawrence Ground, Canterbury. Kent won the toss and elected to bat first, making 141 all out. The Gentlemen responded to this in their first-innings by making 206 all out, with Pickering scoring 22 runs before they were dismissed by Frederick Stokes. Kent responded in their second-innings by making 171 all out, leaving the Gentlemen with a target of 107 for victory, which they reached with eight wickets in hand.
Pickering made their debut for Sussex in a first-class match against Surrey in 1874 at the County Ground, Hove. They made two further first-class appearances for the county in 1875, both against Kent, with one match played at the Private Banks Sports Ground, Catford Bridge, while the other was played at the County Ground, Hove. In their three first-class appearances for Sussex, they scored 54 runs at an average of 13.50, with a high score of 24. With the ball, they took 8 wickets at a bowling average of 8.00, with best figures of 4/16.
They died at West Chiltington, Sussex, on 11 March 1879. Their uncles, Edward Pickering and William Pickering, both played first-class cricket.
References
External links
Francis Pickering at ESPNcricinfo
Francis Pickering at CricketArchive
1851 births
1879 deaths
People from Hambleton District
People educated at Eton College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
English cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Sussex cricketers
Sportspeople from Yorkshire
Gentlemen of Marylebone Cricket Club cricketers
People from West Chiltington
Poziotinib (NOV120101, HM781-36B) is a drug in development by Hanmi Pharmaceutical (in South Korea), Luye Pharma (China), and Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (rest of world) for various cancers.
It is built on an anilino-quinazoline scaffold and inhibits the epidermal growth factor receptors EGFR, HER2/neu, and Them 4 and binds covalently to its targets.
It was discovered at Hanmi; in August 2014 Hanmi exclusively licensed rights in China to the Chinese company Luye Pharma and in February 2015 Hanmi licensed rights in the rest of the world outside of South Korea to Spectrum.
As of 2016 Spectrum had started a Phase II trial of poziotinib a second-line treatment for breast cancer.
References
Experimental cancer drugs
Benjamin Jefferson Hill (June 13, 1825 – January 5, 1880) was a Confederate States Army brigadier general during the American Civil War. Before the war, they were a merchant and served in the Tennessee Senate. After the war, they were a merchant, lawyer and president of the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad.
Early life
Benjamin Jefferson Hill was born on June 13, 1825 in McMinnville, Tennessee. They were a successful merchant and Tennessee state senator from 1855 until the beginning of the Civil War in 1861.
American Civil War
Benjamin J. Hill began their Civil War service as colonel of the 5th Tennessee Volunteers in the Provisional Army of Tennessee. They resigned to enter Confederate States Army service as colonel of the 35th Tennessee Infantry Regiment by Tennessee Governor Isham Harris, which was the designation given to the 5th Tennessee Volunteers when they were mustered into Confederate service. Hill's regiment was assigned to the brigade of Brigadier General Patrick Cleburne and fought at the Battle of Shiloh. Hill served under Cleburne until Cleburne was killed at the Battle of Franklin on November 30, 1864. Hill also led the regiment at the Siege of Corinth.
Hill led their regiment in Bragg's Kentucky Campaign, in which they initiated the attack at the Battle of Richmond, and at the Battle of Stones River (Murfreesboro). Hill led Cleburne's brigade at Richmond and at the Battle of Perryville after Cleburne was wounded in those battles. Hill also was wounded at Richmond. Hill and their regiment also fought at the Battle of Chickamauga and in the Chattanooga Campaign, including the unsuccessful defense of Missionary Ridge, where they were consolidated with the 48th Tennessee Infantry. Hill served as provost marshal of the Army of Tennessee between February 3, 1864 and August 23, 1864.
Hill was promoted to brigadier general (temporary) on November 30, 1864. Although their experience had been in the infantry, Hill was transferred to Brigadier General William Hicks Jackson's division of Lieutenant General Nathan Bedford Forrest's Cavalry Corps. They cooperated with Major General William Bate's division in destroying the railroad and blockhouses between Murfreesboro and Nashville near the end of the Franklin-Nashville Campaign. In the closing months of the war, they participated in Forrest's defense against Union Army Major General James H. Wilson's raid in Alabama and Georgia. Hill was paroled at Chattanooga, Tennessee on May 16, 1865.
Aftermath
After the war, Hill returned to McMinnville where they again engaged in business as a merchant and practiced law. They also are president of the McMinnville and Manchester Railroad.
They were also the Mayor of McMinnville, TN. Col. Hill and Col. Savage took to the podium one day when there was a group crying out for the KKK. Both Col. Savage and Col. Hill denounced joining or supporting the KKK in the local middle Tennessee area around Warren County or any counties tangenting Warren County TN. Col. Hill spoke that the citizens and local County leadership work together for the benefit of all and did not need the KKK's help at all.
However, when 1878 arrived, so did a terrible cholera and yellow fever epidemic that affected all of Tennessee. It was so terrible that people were advised to stay away from crowds and not to assemble in large groups. This killed the hopes for a reunion of the 35th. By 1879, Hill's health was so poor that they could not organize a reunion. The reunion was to have included ex-President Jefferson Davis with an expected crowd of twenty thousand traveling to McMinnville for the festivities. Benjamin Jefferson Hill died at their home on January 5, 1880, only fifty-four years old. They were laid to rest under a large oak tree next to their baby daughter in the old City Cemetery in McMinnville. Their devoted wife, Mary Vesta, lived until March 1, 1909, and became one of the last people to be interred in the old cemetery on High Street.
Benjamin Jefferson Hill died of yellow fever January 5, 1880 at McMinnville, Tennessee and is buried in Old City Cemetery, McMinnville. Benjamin Jefferson Hill died at their home on January 5, 1880, only fifty-four years old. They were laid to rest under a large oak tree next to their baby daughter in the old City Cemetery in McMinnville. Their devoted wife, Mary Vesta, lived until March 1, 1909, and became one of the last people to be interred in the old cemetery on High Street, McMinnville TN.
See also
List of American Civil War generals (Confederate)
Notes
References
Boatner, Mark Mayo, III. The Civil War Dictionary. New York: McKay, 1988. . First published New York, McKay, 1959.
Eicher, John H., and David J. Eicher. Civil War High Commands. Stanford, CA: Stanford University Press, 2001. .
Faust, Patricia L. "Hill, Benjamin Jefferson" in Historical Times Illustrated History of the Civil War, edited by Patricia L. Faust. New York: Harper & Row, 1986. .
Sifakis, Stewart. Who Was Who in the Civil War. New York: Facts On File, 1988. .
Warner, Ezra J. Generals in Gray: Lives of the Confederate Commanders. Baton Rouge: Louisiana State University Press, 1959. .
1825 births
1880 deaths
People from McMinnville, Tennessee
Confederate States Army brigadier generals
People of Tennessee in the American Civil War
American merchants
Tennessee lawyers
Tennessee state senators
19th-century American lawyers
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American businesspeople
The Ottomans, rulers of Ottoman Empire, did develop a reasonably efficient system for counting the empire's population only a quarter century after census procedures were introduced in the United States of America , Great Britain , and France. Four general censuses were held in the Ottoman Empire. These were 1831 census, 1881–82 census, 1905–06 census, and 1914 census. There were many special censuses, which Istanbul (Capital) is well known. There is considerable evidence that the census was taken throughout the empire, but it was accomplished under such severe difficulties that its results must be considered no more than estimates. The census takers were untrained and mostly unsupervised.
Types
General Census
Sultan Mahmut II recorded the first general census as part of their effort to create a new army (Nizam-ı Cedid Army) and bureaucracy, a period known as Nizam-ı Cedid, following the destruction of the Janissary Corps, known as Auspicious Incident, in 1826. The first Ottoman general census was completed in 1831. To provide general supervision and control and to compile and keep empire-wide population records, a separate Census Department (Ceride-i Nufus Nezareti) was established for the first time as part of the Ministry of the Interior.
The 1831 census remained the only empire-wide count for official and private use for at least fifteen years, that was the beginning of Tanzimat. The Tanzimat provincial reforms included provisions for census counts as part of the process by which the tax and property systems were reformed. In fact that is a system, for military and tax which state based its existence, which constantly updated and provided very accurate population change. Local mayors (muhtars) and millet religious officers were assigned locally to count the people, to announce and enforce state regulations, and, ultimately, to issue the census receipts (niifus tezkeresi) and travel permits (murur tezkeresi) which became the basis for population control as well as for the count in subsequent decades.
Special Census
There were cities, regions that were essential to Ottomans. While empire-wide census reports performed only sporadically, these cities or regions had multiple tallies. The city Istanbul had tallies in 1835, 1838, 1844, and 1857. There are not yet been uncovered summaries distributed in Ottoman Archives (around the Europe and Middle East) after the dissolution and partitioning of the Empire.
Department of the Census
The organizational structure of the Department of the Census (Niifus-u Umumi Idaresi) was an independent unit (mudurluk) in the Ministry of the Interior.
It was separated from the army, that had its own personal records, and cadastral, that tracked the values for taxation reasons, departments. Department of the Census was divided into three major bureaus: for correspondence (Tahrirat Kalemi), statistics (Ihsaiyat Kalemi), and archives (Evrak Kalemi), with an additional Forwarding Department (Irsalat Memuriyet) which cared for the dispatch and receipt of correspondence. Outside the main office in the capital, the district staffs headed by directors (nazir) were assigned to each provincial capital to direct the work of the officials stationed along the Administrative divisions of the Ottoman Empire.
Ottoman census system
Like the modern census system, the most important part is the initial compilation of permanent population registers (sicil-i niifus) in each village and each quarter of the larger towns and cities. Census scribes, in doing their job required to accompanied by the religious leaders and mayors, which the data recorded not just the name and characteristics of each person found in their districts, including for the first time their gender, "women" was included in the register sheet ahead of many counterparts.
The registration form was standardized. Standard form had types based on the persons stated religion. Separate registers for each recognized millet. All register pages numbered consecutively and sealed so that false pages could not be substituted for the real ones. Instead of the empty pages left at the ends of the original registers in previous censuses, separate registers of daily census changes (vukuat) were now introduced, with the kaza and provincial administrative councils being required to certify their accuracy before the information was sent on to Istanbul for incorporation into the empire-wide statistics. Printed information certificates were now provided, and most of the fees went to the local informants so that reports would be regular and prompt.
The census questions:
Place of birth
Gender (subsection for men; military status, the style of mustache, the style of beard)
Residence
Age
Craft or occupation
Marital status
Health
Religion
Population Certificate
Population Certificate was an important paper to hold for the subject of the Ottoman Empire. During census each person recorded and counted in return with a signed and sealed Population Certificate (Nufus Tezkeresi), more or less a receipt for the registration, which contained the same information set down in the register.
All practical purpose Population Certificate served both as birth certificate and identity card and had to be produced in all governmental and legal dealings.
Notes
References
Bibliography
The Qualifications and Credit Framework (QCF) was the national credit transfer system for education qualification in England, Northern Ireland and Wales until October 2015. The QCF replaced the National Qualifications Framework (NQF) which closed for accreditations at the end of 2010. Students who started qualifications under the NQF completed them as such, but any student starting a qualification from September 2011 completed it under the QCF. Scotland has its own system, the Scottish Credit and Qualifications Framework. The system in England and Wales was also set to change, as the government announced in March 2015 that the QCF rules would be withdrawn and replaced with something 'simpler'. This simpler replacement was the Regulated Qualification Framework.
Overview
Every unit and qualification in the framework has a credit value (where one credit represents 10 hours of learning time). There are three different sizes of qualification:
awards (1 to 12 credits)
certificates (13 to 36 credits)
diplomas (37 credits or more)
In addition, each qualification has a level of difficulty from Entry level at the bottom to Level 8 at the top.
The title of each qualification within this framework contains details of the size (award/certificate/diploma), level of difficulty (Entry to Level 8) and the general content of the qualification.
The QCF is a national framework, referenced to the European Qualifications Framework (EQF). The EQF is a meta-framework intended as a reference so that qualifications in nation frameworks such as the QCF are understood across member states. (Note that QCF levels 1-3 are equivalent to EQF levels 2-4.)
The QCF does not include previous qualifications that are now defunct, such as the O Level which was replaced by GCSEs in 1988. Officially, defunct qualifications are not part of the QCF and therefore have no level, but are still as valued as their replacement equivalent.
See also
Ofqual (Office of Qualifications and Examinations Regulation)
Qualifications and Curriculum Development Agency
References
Educational qualifications in the United Kingdom
Academic transfer
Education in the United Kingdom
Muhammad Ibrahim Sanya (born 21 July 1956) is a Tanzanian CUF politician and Member of Parliament for Mji Mkongwe constituency since 2010.
References
1956 births
Living people
Civic United Front MPs
Tanzanian MPs 1995–2000
Tanzanian MPs 2000–2005
Tanzanian MPs 2005–2010
Tanzanian MPs 2010–2015
Kiponda Secondary School alumni
Tanzanian politicians of Indian descent
Zanzibari politicians
District Jail Jhelum is a prominent jail in Jhelum, Pakistan. It is one of the oldest jails in Pakistan which is used for prisoners of Jhelum and Chakwal.
See also
Government of Punjab, Pakistan
Punjab Prisons (Pakistan)
Prison Officer
Headquarter Jail
National Academy for Prisons Administration
Punjab Prisons Staff Training Institute
References
Prisons in Pakistan
Jhelum District
Sac County is a county located in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 9,814. The county seat is Sac City. Both were named for the Sauk people, a local American Indian tribe.
In February 2007, in its third annual list of the “Best Places to Live in Rural America”, Progressive Farmer magazine placed Sac County as #7 in the overall rankings. In 2009, the magazine ranked Sac County as the tenth "Best Place" in the Midwest Region.
History
On January 13, 1846, the legislative body of the Iowa Territory authorized creation of twelve counties, with general descriptions of their boundaries. This brought the number of counties in the Iowa Territory to 22.
By the end of 1846, the territory had been accepted into the Union as the State of Iowa (December 28, 1846). By 1851, the new state had grown to the extent that the original 22 counties needed to be divided into smaller, more accessible units. Accordingly, on January 15, 1851, the Iowa General Assembly enacted an omnibus bill which created 43 new counties by reducing the previous counties. Sac County was named after the Sauk people, at that time called the Sac Indians.
It took some time for the new organization to fully function. Sac City was designated the county seat in 1856, and construction of the first county courthouse was complete in 1862. By 1873 the burgeoning population had outgrown that structure and a larger (85 x 56 feet brick) building was authorized to replace it.
The new courthouse, complete with impressive bell tower, was placed in service in January 1874, and was used until 1888 when it burned.
To replace that structure, the present courthouse was built. It was enlarged and remodeled in the 1980s.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
Major highways
U.S. Highway 20 – runs east–west through the northern part of the county, through Early and north of Sac City.
U.S. Highway 71 – from its intersection with US 20 (east of Sac City), runs south, turns 4 miles east to Auburn, then continues south into Carroll County.
Iowa Highway 39 – from its intersection with Iowa 175 at Odebolt, runs south into Crawford County.
Iowa Highway 110 – from its intersection with US 20, runs north into Buena Vista County.
Iowa Highway 175 – enters west side of county at Odebolt, runs east to intersection with US 71, east of Lake View.
Adjacent counties
Buena Vista County – north
Calhoun County – east
Carroll County – south and southeast
Cherokee County – northwest
Crawford County – south and southwest
Ida County – west
Pocahontas County - northeast
Demographics
2020 census
The 2020 census recorded a population of 9,814 in the county, with a population density of . 97.09% of the population reported being of one race. 90.86% were non-Hispanic White, 0.47% were Black, 3.61% were Hispanic, 0.11% were Native American, 0.32% were Asian, 0.09% were Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander and 4.54% were some other race or more than one race. There were 5,118 housing units, of which 4,273 were occupied.
2010 census
The 2010 census recorded a population of 10,350 in the county, with a population density of . There were 5,429 housing units, of which 4,482 were occupied.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 11,529 people, 4,746 households, and 3,198 families residing in the county. The population density was 20 people per square mile (8/km2). There were 5,460 housing units at an average density of 10 per square mile (4/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 98.53% White, 0.26% Black or African American, 0.09% Native American, 0.14% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.40% from other races, and 0.57% from two or more races. 0.96% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 4,746 households, out of which 28.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.30% were married couples living together, 6.20% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.60% were non-families. 29.40% of all households were made up of individuals, and 16.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 24.10% under the age of 18, 6.90% from 18 to 24, 23.50% from 25 to 44, 22.80% from 45 to 64, and 22.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 95.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,874, and the median income for a family was $40,504. Males had a median income of $26,183 versus $19,753 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,902. About 6.80% of families and 9.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 14.00% of those under age 18 and 8.20% of those age 65 or over.
Education
School districts include:
Alta-Aurelia Community School District
East Sac County Community School District
Galva-Holstein Community School District
Newell-Fonda Community School District
Odebolt Arthur Battle Creek Ida Grove Community School District
Schaller-Crestland Community School District
South Central Calhoun Community School District
Storm Lake Community School District
Three districts are based in the county: East Sac County School District (ESC) is the largest school district in Sac County, with the Schaller-Crestland School District serving the northwestern portion of the county and Odebolt-Arthur School District serving the southwest part. Successful completion of the curriculum of these schools leads to graduation from East Sac County High School, OA-BCIG High School, or Ridge View High School respectively. Only ESC HS is located in Sac County, with OA-BCIG HS in Ida Grove and Ridge View in Holstein.
Residents outside the three Sac County-based districts are within either the South Central Calhoun School District in areas around Lytton. A small part of northwestern Sac County is within the Galva–Holstein Community School District, which shares Ridge View High School with Schaller-Crestland SD.
Former school districts include:
Odebolt-Arthur Community School District
Rockwell City-Lytton Community School District
Southern Cal Community School District
Wall Lake View Auburn Community School District
Geocaching
Sac County is a rich area for geocaching. The county was "put on the map" when geocachers hid a series of caches a mile wide and 8 miles high to spell "SAC" along rural roads between Sac City and Lytton in August 2011.
Communities
Cities
Auburn
Early
Lake View
Lytton
Nemaha
Odebolt
Sac City
Schaller
Wall Lake
Unincorporated communities
Carnarvon
Townships
Boyer Valley
Cedar
Clinton
Cook
Coon Valley
Delaware
Douglas
Eden
Eureka
Jackson
Levey
Richland
Sac
Viola
Wall Lake
Wheeler
Population ranking
The population ranking of the following table is based on the 2020 census of Sac County.
† county seat
Politics
The Democrats have only carried Sac County a total of 5 times since 1912: 1932 and 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt, 1948 by Harry S. Truman, 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson, and 1988 by Michael Dukakis. Most of these in Democratic landslides, with 1988 being the notable big exception as Dukakis overperformed here, as they had almost everywhere else in Iowa, due to the farm crisis of the 1980s.
See also
Sac County Courthouse
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sac County, Iowa
References
External links
Sac County government's website
Iowa placenames of Native American origin
1851 establishments in Iowa
Populated places established in 1851
Sad Hill Cemetery (; ) is a tourism site and former film location designed by Carlo Simi in 1966, and built by the Spanish Army.
Significance
It was where the last sequence of the film The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966) was filmed. 49 years after the filming, the cemetery was rebuilt. The reconstruction was recorded in the documentary Sad Hill Unearthed (2017), by Guillermo de Oliveira.
Status
In 2017 Asociación Cultural Sad Hill planned to state Sad Hill Cemetery as Bien de Interés Cultural.
See also
Spaghetti Western
Cinema of Italy
References
External links
Cemetery art
Cemeteries in Spain
Fiction about cemeteries
1966 establishments in Spain
1960s disestablishments in Spain
Spaghetti Western films
Film and video fandom
Tourist attractions in Burgos
Dollars Trilogy
Elbert E. Foules Jr. is a former professional American football cornerback who played five seasons for the Philadelphia Eagles in the National Football League. Foules was inducted to the Alcorn State University Sports Hall of Fame in November 2013.
References
1961 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Greenville, Mississippi
American football cornerbacks
Alcorn State Braves football players
Philadelphia Eagles players
Elections to Manchester City Council took place on 1 May 2008. One third of the council was up for election - every ward of the city returned one councillor at this election out of the three councillors a ward in the city has.
Four national political parties - the Conservative Party, Labour, Liberal Democrats and the Green Party - each stood a candidate in every ward in this election. There were candidates from other political parties standing in some of the wards, but there were no independent candidates standing for election this year in the city.
The Labour party retained overall control of the council. The Green party lost their only seat in Hulme to Labour, and the Conservatives failed to gain their first elected councillor, though became the third party on the council due to having one councillor through an earlier defection. The Liberal Democrats, who had suffered two defections since the last election - firstly the asupervisorstioned Tory defection, and another to Labour - gained two councillors (in Miles Platting & Newton Heath and Northenden) but lost one (in Longsight) to Labour.
Voting took place between 7am and 10pm on Thursday 1 May 2008 and counting took place that night at the Town Hall. Overall turnout fell slightly to 27%.
Election result
Changes compared to the 2007 election.
Ward results
Below is a list of the 32 individual wards with the candidates standing in those wards and the number of votes the candidates acquired. The winning candidate per ward is in bold.
Ancoats and Clayton
Ardwick
Baguley
Bradford
Brooklands
Burnage
Charlestown
Cheetham
Chorlton
Chorlton Park
City Centre
Crumpsall
Didsbury East
Didsbury West
Fallowfield
Gorton North
Gorton South
Harpurhey
Higher Blackley
Hulme
Levenshulme
Longsight
Miles Platting and Newton Heath
Moss Side
Moston
Northenden
Old Moat
Rusholme
Sharston
Whalley Range
Withington
Woodhouse Park
By-elections between 2008 and 2010
References
Manchester
2008
2000s in Manchester
The krem is a musical instrument, a type of bamboo tube zither played by the Jah Hut group of the Orang Asli tribal peoples of Malaysia.
The instrument is made of a bamboo tube, open at one end and with some slits for sound-holes; it has two strings, previously made of roots but now often nylon. The root strings were once coated with resin to produce a "loud, firm sound." The instrument may be plucked or bowed, and is mainly played by women.
See also
Pergam, another bamboo zither, but idiochord, played by the Jah Hut people
References
Bamboo musical instruments
Orang Asli musical instruments
Malaysian musical instruments
Bowed instruments
Tube zithers
There are two hamlets that can be referred to as Ionia, New York.
A hamlet in West Bloomfield, Ontario County.
A hamlet in Van Buren, Onondaga County.
WFGA (106.7 FM, "Real Country 106.7") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Hicksville, Ohio. Owned by Swick Broadcasting Company, Inc., it broadcasts a classic country format. Its studios are located in Auburn, Indiana, and its transmitter is in Butler, Indiana.
History
The station began broadcasting on January 25, 2002 as WFJZ, with a satellite-fed smooth jazz format targeting the Fort Wayne market. Due to its poor signal in Fort Wayne proper, WFJZ was never very successful there, and on May 27, 2005, the station debuted an adult hits format and new call sign as WFGA, Froggy 106.7.
Construction of a new tower was completed in Butler, Indiana in January 2010. The station subsequently moved its transmitter to the new facility on January 14, 2010, although it remains formally licensed to Hicksville.
In 2012, WFGA flipped to sports radio as a simulcast of WKJG's ESPN Radio programming.
In February 2018, Federated Media sold WFGA to Swick Broadcasting Company for $300,000. On May 22, 2018, after the completion of the sale, WFGA began stunting with barnyard sounds and snippets of country songs; the station officially flipped to classic country Real Country 106.7 on May 25.
References
External links
WFGA entry at Indiana Radio Watch
FGA
Radio stations established in 2002
2002 establishments in Ohio
Classic country radio stations in the United States
The Mosul question was a territorial dispute in the early 20th century between Turkey and the United Kingdom (later Iraq) over the possession of the former Ottoman Mosul Vilayet.
The Mosul Vilayet was part of the Ottoman Empire until the end of World War I, when it was occupied by Britain. After the Turkish War of Independence, the new Turkish Republic considered Mosul one of the crucial issues determined in the National Pact. Despite constant resistance, Britain managed to bring the issue into the international arena and to scale it down to a frontier problem between Turkey and Iraq.
The League of Nations Council appointed an investigative commission that recommended that Iraq should retain Mosul, and Turkey reluctantly assented to the decision by signing the Frontier Treaty of 1926 with the Iraqi government. Iraq agreed to give a 10 percent royalty on Mosul's oil deposits to Turkey for 25 years.
History
Shortly before the end of World War I, on October 30, 1918, the debilitated Ottoman Empire and the United Kingdom signed the Armistice of Mudros. The agreement stipulated a cessation of hostilities effective October 31, 1918. For the British, "It was most desirable that Mosul should be occupied by the British force and General Marshall should send a detachment to Mosul to accept the surrender of the Turkish garrison". After discussions with Ali Ihsan Pasha, the local Ottoman commander, and communications between London and the Ottoman government in which the British justified their intent by reference to Clause 7 of the agreement and their intent to proceed in any event, the local commander was instructed to withdraw, and the British occupied Mosul on 10 November 1918.
In August 1920, the Treaty of Sèvres was signed to end the war, but the Ottomans still contested the British right to Mosul as being taken illegally since Mudros. Even when the Treaty of Lausanne was signed between Turkey and Britain in 1923, Turkey maintained that Britain was controlling the Mosul Vilayet illegally. British officials in London and Baghdad continued to believe that Mosul was imperative to the survival of Iraq because of its resources and the security of its mountainous border. Turkish leaders were also afraid that Kurdish nationalism would thrive under the British mandate and start trouble with the Kurdish population in Turkey.
To reach a resolution on the conflicting claims over Mosul, the League of Nations was called on to send a factfinding commission to determine the rightful owner. The commission investigated the region and reported that Turkey had no claim to Mosul, which belonged to the British, and that no one else had any rightful claim to the area. Britain was highly influential in the League of Nations. The Secretary of the War Cabinet, Maurice Hankey, had already decided before the commission's work was completed that Britain needed to have control over the whole area because of its oil concerns for the Royal Navy.
Because the British also wanted to soothe Turkish anger over the League of Nations decision, they gave Turkey a portion of the oil profits. By having control over the oil and the Iraq Petroleum Company, the British stayed in control of the resources of Mosul even though they had given political control back to Faysal.
Another area of contention between Britain and Turkey was the actual boundary line. There was a Brussels Line, which had been decided by the League of Nations as the true border of Iraq, and a British line, which had been the division line that the Britain had used as reference. When that was brought up to British leaders, both Percy Cox, the British High Commissioner of Iraq, and Arnold Wilson, the British civil commissioner in Baghdad, urged Prime Minister Lloyd George to use the Brussels Line because they did not think there was that large of a difference between the two lines.
Other claimants
Kingdom of Iraq
The Mosul Vilayet was not just contested by external powers, Britain and Turkey. Faysal ibn Husayn, the Hashemite ruler who had become the king of the newly-created state of Iraq by the British in 1921, also wanted to claim the Mosul Vilayet as his. The British liked and respected Faysal because of all of the assistance that they had given to them, and they also felt that they could trust them to do what they wanted. In that belief, Britain was both right and wrong. Faysal was a brilliant diplomat who balanced what the British wanted and the true needs of their people into a very complex system. However, one of the things that they wanted most was the unification of and a strong status for Iraq, which they did not believe to be possible without the control of the Mosul Vilayet.
Prior to the League of Nations decision, Faysal had continually petitioned the British government to give control of Mosul to them so that they could succeed in their aim of unification. Finally, after the League of Nations decision, the British agreed to let Faysal control Mosul in return for important resource concessions. The British founded the Turkish Petroleum Company, which they later renamed to the Iraq Petroleum Company (IPC).
Kurds
Another internal group that wanted control over Mosul was the Kurds. They were over half the population and had long fought integration into Iraq because they wanted independence. Most Kurds did not consider themselves as a part of the new country of Iraq. Various Kurdish leaders rallied Kurdish groups that already had their own weapons and had been helped by different imperial powers on occasions that it suited their needs. Furthermore, many Kurds felt betrayed by promises that the British had made in earlier times but not kept. Faysal wanted to integrate them because most were Sunnis, and they felt that they needed them to balance out the Shi'ite population. Britain used both the Kurdish firepower and Faysal's desire for a united Iraq to keep a stranglehold over him, and Iran under Khomeini later used the Kurds and their firepower to keep the unrest in Iraq. The Kurds did not want to be integrated into Iraq but supported the continuance of the British mandate in the area.
Demographics
The vilayet had an Arabic-speaking population, a Turkish speaking population, a Kurdish-speaking population and an Assyrian-Syriac speaking population.In contrast to Mosul's neighbours, it was much more directly integrated into the Ottoman Empire. In terms of religious communities, it was predominately Sunni, with notable communities of Christian Assyrians and Jews that made up a total population of about 800,000 people in the early 20th century. The communities and their respective leaders were heavily influenced by the political hierarchy, trading networks, and the judicial system of the Ottoman Empire even though they considered themselves on their own and not completely controlled by the empire.
Economic resources
During the period of Ottoman rule, Mosul was involved in the production of fine cotton goods. Oil was a known commodity in the region and has been critically important ever since World War I. Mosul was considered a trading capital of the Ottoman Empire because of its location along the trade routes to India and the Mediterranean; it was also considered a political sub-capital.
Local politics
The leadership was constantly plagued with accusations of corruption and incompetence, and leaders were replaced with an alarming regularity. Also, because of those problems, the administration of Mosul was entrusted to Palace and notable favorites, and the high officials' careers were usually determined by tribal issues within their states.
See also
1918 Clemenceau–Lloyd George Agreement (Middle East)
Treaty of Ankara (1926)
References
External links
Territorial disputes of Turkey
History of Mosul
Iraq–Turkey relations
National questions
Turkey–United Kingdom relations
Standard Chartered Zambia, officially Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Plc, is a commercial bank in Zambia and a subsidiary of Standard Chartered. It is licensed by the Bank of Zambia, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Location
The headquarters and main branch of the bank are located at Standard Chartered House, along Cairo Road, in the city of Lusaka, the largest city and capital of Zambia.
Overview
Stanchart Zambia is a large bank, serving large corporate clients, upscale retail customers and medium to large business enterprises. It is one of the largest commercial banks in Zambia, by assets. As of 31 December 2017, the total asset valuation of the bank was ZMW:8.851 billion (US$893.8 million), with shareholders' equity of ZMW:873.5 million (US$88.2 million). Stanchart Zambia in partnership with BongoHive runs a programme for female-led and founded businesses called Standard Chartered Women in Technology. This program won the Best Tech-For-Women Initiative award at The Techtrends Zambia Awards 2021.
History
The bank was established in 1906. The shares of stock of Stanchart Zambia are listed on the Lusaka Stock Exchange (LUSE), where they trade under the symbol: SCBL.
Ownership
Stanchart Zambia is a subsidiary of the Standard Chartered Bank, an International financial services conglomerate, headquartered in London in the United Kingdom, with operations in more than sixty countries and a network of over 1,700 branches, employing in excess of 86,000 people. The stock of Standard Chartered is listed on London Stock Exchange, Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange in India.
As of December 2017, the shares of stock of Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Limited was owned by the following entities.
1 → Standard Chartered Holdings (Africa) BV (incorporated in The Netherlands) is a wholly owned subsidiary of Standard Chartered Plc.
Branch network
, the bank maintained a network of branches at the following locations:
Head Office: Standard Chartered House, Cairo Road, Lusaka
Lusaka Main Branch: Lusaka
Crossroads Branch: Crossroads, Lusaka
Kabulonga Branch: Kabulonga Shopping Center, Lusaka
Levy Mall Branch: Levy Mall, Lusaka
Manda Hill Branch: Manda Hill, Lusaka
UNZA Branch: Main Campus, University of Zambia, Lusaka
Northend Branch: North End, Cairo Road, Lusaka
United Nations Agency Branch: United Nations Mission Building, Lusaka
Industrial Branch: Industrial Area, Lusaka
Chililabombwe Branch: Chililabombwe
Chingola Branch: Chingola
Jacaranda Branch: Jacaranda Mall, Ndola>
Luanshya Branch: Luanshya
Kitwe Branch: Zambia Way, Kitwe
Choma Branch: Choma
Livingstone Branch: Livingstone
Mazabuka Branch: Mazabuka
Kasama Branch: Kasama
Mongu Branch: Mongu
Solwezi Branch: Solwezi
Kalumbila Branch: Solwezi.
Management board
The chief executive officer (CEO) and managing director of Standard Chartered Bank (Zambia) is Herman Kizito Kasekende, appointed in February 2017. Kasekende s a native of Uganda, who has been with the Standard Chartered Bank Group since 1998. They previously served as the CEO and managing director of Standard Chartered Uganda. They have also worked for Standard Chartered in Kenya and Singapore.
See also
References
External links
Banks of Zambia
Companies based in Lusaka
Standard Chartered
Banks established in 1906
1906 establishments in Africa
1906 establishments in the British Empire
Companies listed on Lusaka Stock Exchange
Tazrouk (Arabic: تازروك or تاظروك) is a town and commune, and district seat of Tazrouk District in Tamanrasset Province, Algeria. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 4,208, up from 3,033 in 1998, with an annual growth rate of 3.1%. Its postal code is 11140 and its municipal code is 1106.
Geography
Tazrouk is located in the Hoggar mountains at an altitude of . Most of the town is located on the east bank of a wadi that runs past the town from the northwest to the southeast.
Climate
Tazrouk has a hot desert climate (Köppen climate classification BWh), with hot summers and cool winters, and little precipitation throughout the year. The climate is quite moderate compared to much of the rest of the Sahara due to the high altitude, and precipitation, while still low, is somewhat more frequent.
Transportation
Tazrouk is connected to the N55 highway near Idlès by a local road leading to the north.
Education
3.0% of the population has a tertiary education, and another 12.1% has completed secondary education. The overall literacy rate is 82.2%, and is 91.1% among males and 72.4% among females.
Localities
The commune is composed of nine localities:
Tazrouk
In Ezzane
Serkout
Tin Tarabine
Col d'Azrou portion Nord
Tassili Alaksad Partie Sud
Région de Ahnat
Tazoulet
Akal Gazoulène
References
Neighbouring towns and cities
Communes of Tamanrasset Province
Tuareg
Jules Antoine François Auguste Pellechet (13 October 1829 - 18 September 1903) was a French architect, notable for their designs for buildings in France, Italy, and the United Kingdom and as an architect in the artillery technical section of France's Ministry of War.
Life
Born in Paris to the architect Auguste Pellechet (1789-1871), they studied at the École polytechnique and the École des beaux-arts (class of 1850) in the studio of Abel Blouet. In 1869 they became a member of the société centrale des architectes français and in 1899 was made a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur. They died in Paris. Their daughter Marie began compilation of Catalogue général des incunables des bibliothèques publiques de France.
Selected designs
Paris
Hôtel de Sers, 41 avenue Pierre-Ier-de-Serbie.
Hôtel d'Essling, 8 rue Jean-Goujon, 1866.
Hôtel Menier, 4 avenue Ruysdaël, 1875.
Extension to the hôtel Grimod de La Reynière, rue Boissy-d'Anglas, 1889.
Hôtel de Barbentane, 30 quai de Billy (attributed)
Other
Central artillery store, ministry of war
Château du Plessis, Blanzy, 1872 (neo-Gothic modifications to the curtain walls, skylights, farmyard, unrealised design for the tour Magdeleine; all for the comte de Barbentane)
Châtaigneraie de Retz, Chambourcy, around 1880.
Bowes Museum, Barnard Castle, County Durham, United Kingdom, 1869-1871.
Villa Huffer, Via Nazionale, Rome, Italy, 1880-1883 (base of the Bank of Italy).
Works
Jules Pellechet, Lettres d'Italie : 1856-1857, publiées par Marie et Catherine Pellechet, Paris, 1894, II+202 p
References
1829 births
1903 deaths
19th-century French architects
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
École Polytechnique alumni
Lauren Alice Koslow (born March 9, 1953) is an American actor, best known for their long-running portrayal of Kate Roberts on the NBC dramatic serial Days of Our Lives, which they have played continuously since 1996. They previously appeared in the soaps The Bold and the Beautiful and The Young and the Restless.
Career
They began their acting career with touring theatre work in such productions as Cat on a Hot Tin Roof and Dial M for Murder.
Turning to television in the mid-1980s, Koslow was cast in the role of Lindsay Wells on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless, which they played from 1984 to 1986. They were then asked by the serial's creators William J. Bell and wife Lee Phillip Bell to become an original cast member on the duo's new sister soap The Bold and the Beautiful which debuted in the spring of 1987. They portrayed fashion designer Margo Lynley from the serial's inception until 1992 when they left to begin a family.
Through the early 1990s Koslow busied themselves with guest-starring roles in several prime-time television series including Silk Stalkings and The Nanny. However, they were lured back to daytime in 1996 in order to replace actor Deborah Adair who left the NBC soap Days of Our Lives to spend more time with their family.
Koslow played the role of vindictive call girl turned corporate executive Kate Roberts on Days of Our Lives. The character is known for their wickedness and deception, specifically their ongoing war with fellow Salem resident Sami Brady (Alison Sweeney), the former ex-fiancé of Kate's son Austin (Austin Peck) and ex-fiancé/current ex-wife of their son Lucas (Bryan Dattilo), and numerous affairs and romantic entanglements. Other notable character conflicts include Kate's mysterious past with series villain Stefano DiMera (Joseph Mascolo), their rocky marriage with mogul Victor Kiriakis (John Aniston), and their rivalries with crazed socialite Vivian Alamain (Louise Sorel) and Nicole Walker DiMera. Kate is the mother of Lucas Horton, Rex Brady, Cassie Brady, Philip Kiriakis, Billie Reed, and Austin Reed.
They remain a cast member of Days of Our Lives.
Filmography
Herself
Awards
In 2000 Koslow was nominated for a Soap Opera Digest Award as Outstanding Supporting Actress for their work on Days of Our Lives.
In 2009 Koslow was pre-nominated for a Daytime Emmy as Outstanding Lead Actress.
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
American soap opera actores
American stage actores
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Actresses from Boston
Actresses from Greater Los Angeles
Actresses from Massachusetts
Virginia Tech alumni
University of Massachusetts Amherst alumni
Activists from California
21st-century American women
108–112 Quarry Street is a historic house located in Fall River, Massachusetts. The -story house was built in 1850.
Description and history
At that time, it was considered to be a Greek Revival cottage in "pristine condition, representative of the best mid-19th century vernacular architecture in Fall River", with its original clapboard siding, windows, doors and detailing. However, since then, it has been significantly altered, with vinyl siding added and original doors, windows and detailing removed.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February 16, 1983.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Fall River, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Fall River, Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Fall River, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Houses completed in 1850
Greek Revival houses in Massachusetts
The Bulgaria men's national tennis team represents Bulgaria in Davis Cup tennis competition and is governed by the Bulgarian Tennis Federation.
In the 2022 edition of the tournament Bulgaria defeated Paraguay in the World Group II Play-offs in March. With that win the team qualified for the World Group II ties in September, where Bulgaria eliminated South Africa to book their place in the World Group I Play-offs in 2023.
History
Bulgaria made their Davis Cup debut in 1964. Their best performances came in the mid-1980s when they reached the Europe/Africa Zone Group I semifinals in two consecutive years - 1986 and 1987.
Current team
Player information and rankings
The following players were called up for the World Group II tie against South Africa in September 2022.
Recent callups
Recent performances
Here is the list of all match-ups since 1981, when the competition started being held in the current World Group format.
1980s
1990s
2000s
2010s
2020s
Team representatives
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Bulgaria Davis Cup team in an official Davis Cup match.
See also
Davis Cup
Bulgaria Fed Cup team
External links
Davis Cup teams
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Toro Point () is a point which forms the south extremity of Schmidt Peninsula and the north side of the entrance to Unwin Cove, Trinity Peninsula. Named by the fifth Chilean Antarctic Expedition (1950–51) after Carlos Toro Mazote G. who, as an aviation lieutenant in 1947, was one of the men chosen to occupy the General Bernardo O'Higgins station nearby. They were also a member of the fifth Chilean expedition aboard the ship Lientur.
See also
Estay Rock
References
Headlands of Trinity Peninsula
John Bayard Britton (May 6, 1925 – July 29, 1994) was an American physician. They were murdered in Pensacola, Florida, by anti-abortion extremist Paul Jennings Hill. Britton's death was the second assassination of a Pensacola abortion provider in under a year and a half; they had replaced David Gunn after the latter's 1993 murder by another anti-abortionist.
Born in Boston, Britton graduated in 1949 from the University of Virginia School of Medicine, then served in the US Army stationed in Korea and also taught at the Medical College of Georgia. They then became a family physician in Fernandina Beach, Florida, spending much of their time delivering babies.
After Gunn's murder, Britton began flying across the state to Pensacola weekly in order to perform abortions at the Pensacola Ladies' Center. Because they had received harassment and death threats, they wore a homemade bulletproof vest, carried a .357 Magnum, and enlisted volunteer bodyguards.
Britton was notably ambivalent about abortion: they viewed abortion as a last resort option, and would sometimes turn away women seeking it, telling them to think about the decision and come back in a week if they still wanted an abortion. However, they described anti-abortion protesters as "fanatics."
Murder
As Britton arrived at the clinic on July 29, 1994, Hill approached and fired at them with a twelve-gauge shotgun, hitting them in the head and killing him. Hill later stated that they aimed for Britton's head because they suspected the doctor was wearing a bulletproof vest. Hill also killed Britton's bodyguard, a retired Air Force lieutenant colonel, James Herman Barrett Jr (August 9, 1919 – July 29, 1994), and wounded Barrett's wife, June, a retired nurse. The murders resulted in several members of Congress calling for the FBI to infiltrate anti-abortion groups, as it had with the Ku Klux Klan.
Hill was sentenced to death on December 6, 1994, and executed by lethal injection on September 3, 2003. They were the first person in the United States to be executed for murdering a doctor who performed abortions.
In a piece several months earlier in GQ, Tom Junod had profiled a number of parties involved in the murders: not only Britton, but also Hill and the Barretts. Britton and Hill are also interviewed in Tony Kaye's documentary Lake of Fire, which was released in 2006.
References
American primary care physicians
American abortion providers
Victims of anti-abortion violence in the United States
Assassinated American people
American murder victims
Terrorism deaths in Florida
Deaths by firearm in Florida
People murdered in Florida
Male murder victims
University of Virginia School of Medicine alumni
Georgia Health Sciences University
People from Boston
1925 births
1994 deaths
1994 murders in the United States
People from Fernandina Beach, Florida
Liancheng Jinhe is an under construction metro station on the Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line located in Zhonghe, New Taipei, Taiwan. The station is scheduled to open at the end of 2025.
Station overview
The station will be a two-level, underground station with an island platform. The station will demonstrate the power of industrial transformation based on the "industrial movement."
Originally, the name of this station was planned to be "Shuang-Ho Hospital Station." However, after considering that this station has a distance of 600 meters from Shuang-Ho Hospital, it was decided that the name of the station be changed to Liancheng Jinhe. The station name originates from the location of the station, at Liancheng Jinhe Intersection.
Station layout
References
Wanda–Zhonghe–Shulin line stations
Standard gauge railways in Taiwan
Railway stations scheduled to open in 2025
Gnorismoneura brunneochroa is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.
The wingspan is 16 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is cream with fine, dense brownish strigulation (fine streaks). There are two cream spots subapically. The markings are brown. The hindwings are cream brown with brown venation.
Etymology
The name refers to colouration of the forewing and is derived from Latin brunnea (meaning brown) and Greek chroa (meaning colour).
References
Moths described in 2008
Archipini
Moths of Asia
Taxa named by Józef Razowski
Hurricane Genevieve was a strong tropical cyclone that almost made landfall on the Baja California Peninsula in August 2020. The twelfth tropical cyclone, seventh named storm, third hurricane, and second major hurricane of the 2020 Pacific hurricane season, Genevieve formed from a tropical wave that the National Hurricane Center (NHC) first started monitoring on August 10. The wave merged with a trough of low pressure on August 13, and favorable conditions allowed the wave to intensify into Tropical Depression Twelve-E at 15:00 UTC. Just six hours later, the depression became a tropical storm and was given the name Genevieve. Genevieve quickly became a hurricane by August 17, and Genevieve began explosive intensification the next day. By 12:00 UTC on August 18, Genevieve reached its peak intensity as a Category 4 hurricane, with maximum 1-minute sustained winds of 130 mph and a minimum central pressure of . Genevieve began to weaken on the next day, possibly due to cooler waters caused by Hurricane Elida earlier that month. Genevieve weakened below tropical storm status around 18:00 UTC on August 20, as it passed close to Baja California Sur. Soon afterward, Genevieve began to lose its deep convection and became a post-tropical cyclone by 21:00 UTC on August 21, eventually dissipating off the coast of Southern California late on August 24.
Hurricane-force gusts affected parts of Baja California as Genevieve passed close by. Several inches of rain caused flooding near Cabo San Lucas on August 20. A total of six deaths were attributed to Genevieve across Mexico. Total economic losses associated with Genevieve reached US$50 million in Mexico.
Meteorological history
On August 10, the NHC noted the possibility of an area of low pressure forming near Central America within the next few days. On August 13, a tropical wave entered the Eastern Pacific basin from Central America. Later that day, the NHC's forecast was realized, as a trough of low pressure developed just offshore Central America, in association with the tropical wave. The disturbance gradually organized, and on August 16, the system became a tropical depression, receiving the designation Twelve-E at 15:00 UTC. The depression rapidly strengthened and became a tropical storm 6 hours later at 21:00 UTC, receiving the name Genevieve. Genevieve continued to strengthen rapidly overnight as it developed an inner core, and the storm became a Category 1 hurricane on August 17, reaching 1-minute sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h). Genevieve continued to rapidly intensify as it began to grow an eye along with well-defined banding features, later that day. By 03:00 UTC the next day, Genevieve had intensified into a Category 2 hurricane, as strong outflow became evident and the eye began to grow, though it remained clouded. Just 6 hours later, Genevieve became a Category 3 hurricane, as an eyewall and a well-defined eye became visible.
Three hours later, at 12:00 UTC on August 18, Genevieve intensified further into a Category 4 hurricane, and the storm reached its peak intensity, with maximum 1-minute sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h) and a minimum central pressure of . Later that day, as Genevieve maintained its intensity, imagery showed an almost-circular eye, along with a well-defined inner core. On the next day, Genevieve began to weaken, with no signs of an eyewall replacement cycle, hinting at weakening possibly due to a cold wake left behind by Hurricane Elida, earlier that month. Genevieve continued a gradual weakening trend for the next several hours, but later that day, data from an NHC Reconnaissance Flight indicated that Genevieve was rapidly weakening, with the storm dropping to Category 1 status by 21:00 UTC that day. On August 20, Genevieve turned northwestward and passed very close to Cabo San Lucas, at the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula, and the system weakened further into a tropical storm at 18:00 UTC. By 21:00 UTC on August 21, Genevieve had degenerated into a post-tropical cyclone, after having no deep convection near its center for 12 hours. At 12:00 UTC on August 22, Genevieve's remnant low dissipated. However, Genevieve's remnant circulation continued to persist for another couple of days, stalling off the coast of Southern California on August 23. Genevieve's remnants dissipated by 00:00 UTC on August 25.
Preparations and impact
Mexico
As Hurricane Genevieve rapidly intensified on August 17, the Government of Mexico issued a tropical storm watch for southern areas of Baja California Sur. This was later raised to a tropical storm warning the next day, and a hurricane warning on August 19. These advisories were subsequently discontinued as the storm weakened and moved away from the Baja California Peninsula on August 21. An estimated 8 million people were threatened by the hurricane across the west coast of Mexico. Accordingly, approximately 1,600 shelters were opened nationwide: 571 in Jalisco, 434 in Nayarit, 237 in Colima, 179 in Michoacán, and 175 in Baja California Sur. Even without officials asking residents to do so, residents of Baja California prepared for damaging winds.
Thunderstorms associated with the outer bands of Genevieve produced gusty winds and heavy rain in Oaxaca, with accumulations averaging and gusts reaching . Four people were killed in the state: two from landslides in Huautla de Jiménez and two from swollen rivers. Water reached a depth of in Puerto Ángel. The Caminos y Aeropistas de Oaxaca deployed 32 personnel to repair damage to roads. Emergency declarations were issued for 13 municipalities. Localized flash flooding impacted parts of Acapulco, with cars washed away and some homes inundated. Large swells impacted the coast of Jalisco. Fourteen families were relocated in Cihuatlán.
Heavy rainfall impacted much of Baja California Sur as Genevieve brushed the state; accumulations peaked at in Cabo San Lucas. In the mountainous terrain south of Cabo San Lucas, wind gusts reached . Electrical and road infrastructure was damaged statewide, and some areas were without power for more than 24 hours. A lifeguard drowned while attempting to save a teen who also died after ignoring warning flags prompted by rough surf produced by Genevieve, at a resort in Cabo San Lucas. On August 23, the Coordinación Nacional de Protección Civil declared a state of emergency for the municipalities of La Paz and Los Cabos. This allowed the distribution of government aid and supplies to affected residents. Heavy machinery was used to clear roads of debris and mud left behind by floods. Economic losses in Mexico reached $50 million (2020 USD), due to Genevieve.
United States
On August 22, moisture from Hurricane Genevieve's remnants brought heavy rainfall to parts of Southern California, which continued until August 24. This brought fears of wildfires in the region, due to the potential for lighting storms; the region was already being impacted by fires produced by Tropical Storm Fausto's thunderstorms just days earlier. On August 22, a red flag warning was put in effect for most of coastal California. Fortunately, lightning strikes ignited only three small fires, which were able to be brought under control, near the larger SCU Lightning Complex fires. However, thunderstorms produced by Genevieve worsened conditions for firefighters battling three other wildfires in the San Francisco Bay Area. A peak wind gust of around 35 mph (55 km/h) was reported along Interstate 580 on August 22. Despite this, no monetary damages were reported in association with Genevieve in the United States.
See also
Weather of 2020
Tropical cyclones in 2020
List of Category 4 Pacific hurricanes
Other tropical cyclones of the same name
List of Baja California Peninsula hurricanes
List of California hurricanes
Hurricane Jimena (2009)
Hurricane Odile (2014)
Hurricane Blanca (2015)
Hurricane Dolores (2015)
References
External links
National Hurricane Center Website
Tropical cyclones in 2020
Pacific hurricanes in Mexico
Category 4 Pacific hurricanes
2020 Pacific hurricane season
Hurricanes in California
Viorel Costraş (born 19 June 1959) is a Romanian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
1959 births
Living people
Romanian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Romania
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Oradea
Alec Douglas Moores (December 30, 1919 – April 16, 2014) was a Canadian politician. They represented the electoral district of Harbour Grace in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1966 to 1971. They were a member of the Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador. They were a business person.
References
1919 births
2014 deaths
Liberal Party of Newfoundland and Labrador MHAs
Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara (English: You Live Only Once) is a 2011 Indian coming-of-age film directed by Zoya Akhtar, who also co-wrote the film along with Reema Kagti. It is produced by Excel Entertainment. The film stars an ensemble cast of Hrithik Roshan, Abhay Deol and Farhan Akhtar, with Katrina Kaif and Kalki Koechlin in supporting roles. The musical score for the film was composed by the trio Shankar–Ehsaan–Loy. Its cinematography was provided by Carlos Catalan. The film narrates the story of three friends on a bachelor trip and how each of them discover themselves and overcome their problems and insecurities.
Made on a budget of , Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara was released on 5 July 2011 and grossed over worldwide. Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, surveyed 7 reviews and judged 100 percent to be positive. The film garnered awards and nominations in several categories, with particular praise for its direction, screenplay, and the performances of its cast. As of 2015, the film has won 33 awards from 66 nominations.
At the 57th ceremony of the Filmfare Awards, Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara won awards in seven categories, including Best Film, Best Director (Zoya Akhtar), and Best Supporting Actor (Farhan Akhtar). The film garnered eleven nominations at the 18th Screen Awards ceremony, and received three awards, including Best Film. At the 13th Zee Cine Awards, it received four awards, including Best Supporting Actor. In the 13th iteration of the International Indian Film Academy Awards, the film was nominated for fourteen awards, going on to win nine, including Best Film, Best Director, and Best Supporting Actor. The film won two honours—Best Choreography and a Best Audiography prize for Baylon Fonseca—at the 59th ceremony of India's National Film Awards.
Accolades
See also
List of Bollywood films of 2011
Footnotes
Awards in certain categories do not have prior nominations and only winners are announced by the jury. For simplification and to avoid errors, each award in this list has been presumed to have had a prior nomination.
Each date is linked to the article about the awards held that year, wherever possible.
References
External links
Accolades for Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara at the Internet Movie Database
Lists of accolades by Indian film
State Route 174 (SR-174) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Utah. Spanning in rural Millard County, it connects the Intermountain Power Plant with U.S. Route 6 south of Lynndyl.
Route description
Starting at the main gate of the Intermountain Power Plant in rural Millard County, State Route 174 travels straight in a west-southwest direction for about along Brush Wellman Road through the Sevier Desert before ending at its intersection with U.S. Route 6.
History
The Utah State Legislature established State Route 174 in 1985, along its current alignment. This coincided with the construction of the Intermountain Power Plant, which commenced in 1981, and began commercial operation in 1986. Before 1969, this was part of the much longer Utah State Route 215.
Major intersections
The entire route is in rural Millard County, Utah.
References
174
174
Finsbury was a constituency used for elections to the London County Council between 1919 and 1949. The seat shared boundaries with the UK Parliament constituency of the same name.
Councillors
Election results
References
London County Council constituencies
Politics of the London Borough of Islington
NYP can refer to:
New York Philharmonic, a symphony orchestra in New York City
New York Post, a newspaper
Pennsylvania Station (New York City), a railroad station
Nanyang Polytechnic, a polytechnic in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore
NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital, a hospital in New York City
North Yorkshire Police, the police force covering the English county of North Yorkshire
NYP Trinity Limited, a privately owned electronics and industrial product trading company
Not Yet published, a term used in the book publishing industry
The Advanced Plant Management System (APMS) is a SCADA solution developed in partnership by RWE npower and Thales UK.
Based on a real-time application platform, APMS is a monitoring and control system for any large industrial process. APMS is implemented at more than thirty electric power generation units in the UK, including Tilbury, Didcot A, Aberthaw, Drax and Rugeley power stations.
The APMS system replaced the Cutlass programming language and application system - a real-time control system widely implemented during the 1970s in British power plants by the Central Electricity Generating Board (CEGB) research & development team - in National Power power stations. (PowerGen in contrast retained and modernised its Cutlass systems.)
See also
npower UK
Aberthaw power stations
Didcot power stations
Fiddlers Ferry power station
Ironbridge power stations
Drax power station
APMS replacing CUTLASS system
References
External links
APMS: Advanced Plant Management System
Thales UK
RWE npower
npower
Industrial automation
Telemetry
Power station technology
The Hemrin Dam is a dam on the Diyala River 100 km northeast of Baghdad, Iraq. The main purpose of the dam is flood control, irrigation and hydroelectric generation. Its power station has a 50 MW capacity. The dam and the attached power house were built in years 1976-1981 by the then Yugoslav company GIK Hidrogradnja (of Sarajevo, now Bosnia-Herzegovina). All the equipment (gates, turbines, generators) were also supplied by the then-Yugoslav companies.
A large archaeological salvage operation was undertaken to excavate archaeological sites that were at risk of flooding once the reservoir (now Hamrin Lake) would start to fill. Sites that were excavated as part of this operation included Tell Madhur, Tell Rashid, Tell Saadiya and Tell Abada.
See also
List of dams and reservoirs in Iraq
List of power stations in Iraq
References
External links
Dams in Iraq
Hydroelectric power stations in Iraq
Earth-filled dams
Dams completed in 1981
Dams on the Diyala (Sirwan) River
1981 establishments in Iraq
Energy infrastructure completed in 1981
Niklaus Riggenbach (21 May 1817 – 25 July 1899) was the inventor of the Riggenbach rack system and the counter-pressure brake. They were also an engineer and locomotive builder.
Niklaus Riggenbach, from Rünenberg, Basel-Landschaft, Switzerland, was born in Guebwiller, Alsace. After the death of their father, their mother returned to Basel with their eight young children. At age 16 Riggenbach began an apprenticeship as a mechanic, going abroad after completing their training. In 1837 they found their way to Paris, where they accepted employment. By taking technical courses in night school, they acquired considerable knowledge in mathematics and physics. With the opening of the Paris-St. Germain railroad line in 1839 they found their vocation to build locomotives.
In June 1840 they moved to Karlsruhe, Germany, and found employment in the machine works of Emil Kessler. Here they soon rose to managing director and was involved in the construction of no less than 150 locomotives. One of these steam engines was the "Limmat" of the Schweizerischen Nordbahn (Swiss Northern Railway), opened on 9 August 1847, also called the Spanisch-Brötli line, which they ferried to Switzerland in order to test it on the Zürich-Baden line.
As construction of the Basel-Olten line began in 1853, the board of directors of the Schweizer Centralbahn Gesellschaft (Swiss Central Rail Association) appointed them chief of the machine works. They made several official trips to England and Austria, and crawled under a fair number of steam locomotives and into their boilers, "to make the good even better." Various improvements in railroading bear their name. In 1856 they became a master machinist and boss of the new main workshop of the Centralbahn in Olten. Under their direction this workshop evolved into a full-fledged engine works, building the company's own locomotives and bridges.
Track grip (adhesion) on the Hauenstein line caused them concern. The difficulties led Riggenbach to the concept of the rack railway. After many attempts they discovered that one could negotiate steeper stretches of track by bolting a rack between the rails, which a toothed wheel or cog on the underside of the locomotive could engage. They built their first locomotive in 1862, and on 12 August 1863 France awarded them Patent No. 59625 for the invention. The Vitznau-Rigi line was inaugurated in 1871 as the first mountain railway to use the Riggenbach system in Europe. The locomotives were equipped with their counter-pressure braking system.
See also
Steep grade railway
References
Sources
Niklaus Riggenbach
1817 births
1899 deaths
People from Guebwiller
19th-century Swiss inventors
Swiss railway mechanical engineers
Rack railways
John Blake Bailey (born July 1, 1963) is an American writer and educator. Bailey is known for their literary biographies of Richard Yates, John Cheever, Charles Jackson, and Philip Roth.  They are the editor of the Library of America omnibus editions of Cheever's stories and novels. In April 2021, their agency dropped them after several of their former eighth grade students came forward with accounts of rape and sexual abuse committed when they were adults.
Background
Bailey grew up in Oklahoma City and attended high school at Bishop McGuinness Catholic High School, where they were friends with another future author, Dan Fagin. They were a student at Tulane University, from which they graduated in 1985.
Bailey and their family lost their house and most of their possessions in Hurricane Katrina, an experience they wrote about in a series of articles for Slate.
In 2009–2010, Bailey was Writer in Residence at The College of William and Mary in Virginia. From 2010 to 2016, they were the Mina Hohenberg Darden Professor of Creative Writing at Old Dominion University in Norfolk, Virginia. They were succeeded by Black Elk author Joe Jackson. Bailey is a tennis enthusiast.
Career
After college, Bailey wrote occasional freelance pieces. They taught gifted eighth-graders at Lusher Middle School in New Orleans in the 1990s.
After publishing a long critical profile of Richard Yates, Bailey contracted to write a full-length biography of the novelist, A Tragic Honesty: The Life and Work of Richard Yates (2003).
In 2005, Bailey was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship to work on their biography, Cheever: A Life, which won the 2009 National Book Critics Circle Award among other honors. Bailey also edited a two-volume edition of Cheever's work for the Library of America.
Bailey published their biography of the novelist Charles Jackson, Farther & Wilder: The Lost Weekends and Literary Dreams of Charles Jackson (2013), as well as a memoir, The Splendid Things We Planned: A Family Portrait (2014).
In an interview with The New York Times published on November 17, 2012, Philip Roth said that Bailey was their official biographer and at work on that project. While Roth was alive, they gave Bailey exclusive access to papers, friends and family, and made themselves available for extensive interviews. Bailey's 880-page biography of Roth, entitled Philip Roth: The Biography, was published in the United States by W. W. Norton & Company on April 6, 2021, and in the United Kingdom by Jonathan Cape on April 8, 2021.
Sexual misconduct allegations
On April 16, 2021, several former students of Bailey's left comments on a critical review of Bailey's Roth biography, alleging that Bailey had groomed them as students. On April 18, 2021, Bailey was dropped by their agency, the Story Factory, following these allegations of sexual misconduct, which Bailey denied. On April 20, 2021, journalists Ramon Antonio Vargas and Edward Champion first reported on these allegations in detail. Bailey was accused of grooming their former students at Lusher Middle School for sex. One former student, Eve Crawford Peyton, has accused Bailey of raping them when they were 22 years old. On April 27, 2021, they were also accused of "nonconsensual sex" by Valentina Rice, a publishing executive.
On June 10, 2021, in an article published in the Virginian-Pilot, four women at Old Dominion University, where Bailey had previously worked, accused Bailey of sexual assault and harassment. One of the women accused Bailey of “grabbing their crotch in a hot tub, forcibly trying to kiss them on campus, (and) threatening to rape her,” only stopping after they pulled a knife out and held it against their throat, the newspaper reported. Another account in the Virginian-Pilot's report concerned a female author who visited Old Dominion and recounted how Bailey had forcibly kissed them Two graduate students also described Bailey getting "handsy" and making unwanted advances, as well as making sexually explicit comments to them.
In a statement provided to the Associated Press on April 21 by W. W. Norton & Company, the publisher announced it had "decided to pause the shipping and promotion of Philip Roth: The Biography pending any further information that may emerge." On April 28, W. W. Norton announced that it is taking the book out of print. Three weeks later, in May 2021, Skyhorse Publishing announced that it would release a paperback, ebook, and audiobook versions of the biography.
Awards and honors
2000 Louisiana Humanities Teacher of the Year
2003 National Book Critics Circle Award finalist for A Tragic Honesty: The Life and Work of Richard Yates
2005 Guggenheim Fellowship for Cheever: A Life
2009 National Book Critics Circle Award winner for Cheever: A Life
2009 Francis Parkman Prize winner for Cheever: A Life
2009 Pulitzer Prize finalist for Cheever: A Life
2009 James Tait Black Memorial Prize finalist for Cheever: A Life
2010 Academy Award in Literature given by the American Academy of Arts and Letters
2014 National Book Critics Circle Award (Autobiography) finalist for The Splendid Things We Planned
Bibliography
As editor:
John Cheever: Collected Stories & Other Writings (Library of America, 2009)
John Cheever: Complete Novels (Library of America, 2009)
The Sunnier Side and Other Stories, by Charles Jackson (Vintage/Random House, 2013)
References
External links
"How I Write" interview with Blake Bailey in The Daily Beast
Geoffrey Wolff's review of "Cheever: A Life" in The New York Times Book Review
"My Year of Hurricanes" in Slate
Blake Bailey interviewed on The Economist blog
Blake Bailey interviewed on The Diane Rehm Show
1963 births
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American non-fiction writers
21st-century American male writers
21st-century American non-fiction writers
American biographers
American literary editors
Living people
American male biographers
Old Dominion University faculty
Schoolteachers from Louisiana
Tulane University alumni
Writers from Oklahoma City
Myra Ellen Robinson Crownover (born April 26, 1947) is a business person and politician from Lake Dallas in Denton County, north of the city of Dallas. Originally elected in 2000 as a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives for District 64, they retired after declining to seek re-election in 2016. Under the state's 2012 redistricting process, their district was located completely in Denton County, including much or parts of Denton, Lake Dallas, Corinth, and Hickory Creek.
Crownover holds a Bachelor of Science degree from Southern Methodist University and a Master of Science from Texas A&M University at College Station, both in professional education. They were elected to the Texas House in 2000 to succeed their late husband, Representative Ronny Crownover.
Elections
When Crownover's husband, a Denton veterinarian, died of leukemia after the 2000 primaries, their wife took their place on the general election ballot and ran unopposed. Since that time, Crownover was reelected six times and prevailed against major party opposition in the general election three times.
Issues
Education
K-12
During the Eighty-second Texas Legislature, Crownover served on the Appropriations Committee of the Texas House. The committee approved HB 1, which eventually passed through the Republican-dominated Texas House and Senate. The budget bill reduced funding for K-12 education by $4 billion for the 2011–12 and 2012–13 school years. Crownover spoke on the floor of the Texas House in favor of the budget with cuts, saying "I think this is the right thing for Texas, and I will be voting aye." In 2012, Crownover updated their campaign website to include the statement "we also were able to increase state funding for public schools by $1.6 billion even in the face of the worst recession in decades." Both PolitiFact.com and The Lewisville Texan Journal, an online publication in Lewisville, Texas, found Crownover's statement false, with Politifact Texas rating the statement "Pants on Fire". By March 22, the claim had been removed from them website.
Higher
The University of North Texas, Texas Woman's University, and North Central Texas College are all located in House District 64, which Crownover represented. After the November 2006 general election, they stated: At the time, they said that they planned on Texas having a $5 to $10 billion surplus for the next year. After the 2008 election, Crownover reiterated their support for the right to higher education. In 2009, Crownover supported the increased athletics fee by authoring HB2024, which authorized the higher student fees at UNT to pay for Apogee Stadium. This was similar to when they created a bill to increase the athletics fee at Texas Woman's University up to $125 per semester. In 2011, they strongly advocated for HB 1, which cut funding for higher education in Texas by $1 billion.
Energy and the environment
With numerous investments in natural gas and oil production, Crownover earns dividends from Devon Energy, a natural gas production company based in Oklahoma City, Apache Corporation, and various other energy companies. Despite this, Crownover has served on the Committee for Energy Resources since 2005 and currently serves as the Vice Chair of the Energy Resources Committee in the Texas House of Representatives. On their time on committee in 2007, they have attempted to increase the tax credits for gas wells. In 2009, they authored House Bill 2259 that required oil and gas drilling companies to clean up the surface of the land associated with inactive wells. In 2011, Crownover coauthored House Bill 3328, which required natural gas drilling operators engaged in hydraulic fracturing to disclose the chemicals used in the fracking process; however, operators are only required to report the information to the immediate landowners, and the bill includes measures to protect industry trade secrets to avoid disclosure. They have also filed legislation requiring that pipelines use public right-of-way instead of private property and legislation strengthening the requirement that oil and gas companies disclose the well logs used by the Railroad Commission to protect Texas natural resources.
Health care
Representative Crownover attempted to pass a smoking ban in the Texas House of Representatives in 2007 and in 2011, but both times the measure failed in the Texas Senate. In 2005, Representative Crownover authored House Bill 790, which increased the number of genetic disorders newborns are screened for in Texas to 29. According to a news release from Crownover's office, since enactment of the legislation, more than 500 Texas newborns have been diagnosed and treated for disorders that, undetected, could have caused significant health problems or even death. In 2005, the March of Dimes named their "Advocate of the Year" for their work on newborn screening. Representative Crownover was also awarded the "Heart of Honor" award in 2008 and in 2012 by the American Heart Association.
In March 2012, an aide publicly left their position from Crownover's office and criticized the lawmaker for their position on women's health programs in Texas. Crownover also supported House Bill 15 during the 2011 session of the Texas Legislature, which requires a woman seeking to have an abortion in the state to first be subjected to a transvaginal ultrasound.
Committees
Appropriations
Appropriations Subcommittee on Article III (Public & Higher Education)
Energy Resources (Vice Chair)
84th Session
Public Health (Chair)
Higher Education
Retirement in 2016
Crownover won re-nomination in the Republican primary election held on March 4, 2014. With a low turnout, they received 6,001 votes (54.9 percent) and defeated conservative challenger Read King, who polled 4,937 votes (45.1 percent).
Read King ran again ran for the seat in the Republican primary in 2016 but lost in a runoff to Lynn Stucky, like the late Ronny Crownover a veterinarian. They reside in Sanger, Texas, but is originally from Kansas. Stucky then prevailed over Democratic opposition in the November 8 general election and hence succeeded Crownover in the state House.
Notes
References
External links
1947 births
Living people
Members of the Texas House of Representatives
Women state legislators in Texas
Texas Republicans
People from Colorado City, Texas
People from Lake Dallas, Texas
Southern Methodist University alumni
Texas A&M University alumni
21st-century American politicians
21st-century American women politicians
Henry Duncan McLaren, 2nd Baron Aberconway, (16 April 1879 – 23 May 1953) was a British politician, horticulturalist and industrialist. They were the son of Charles McLaren, 1st Baron Aberconway and Laura Pochin.
Education
Born in Richmond upon the Thames, they were educated at Eton and obtained a Master of Arts from Balliol College, Oxford. In 1903 they became a barrister of Lincoln's Inn.
Career
In 1906 they were elected Member of Parliament (MP) for West Staffordshire as a Liberal, and was Private Under-Secretary to the President of the Board of Trade, David Lloyd George, until 1908. In 1910, they stood for their father's old seat of Bosworth and replaced him. They left politics in 1922, and succeeded their father to the Barony in 1934.
McLaren was an industrialist, and chaired companies from both sides of the family, including John Brown & Company and the Tredegar Iron and Coal Company. In 1915 they were the founding chairperson of the Design and Industries Association. Around the end of their political career, in 1920, they had Aberconway House built as a residence in Mayfair. They would also inherit the family estate (originally their maternal grandfather's) in Conwy, North Wales, where they extensively developed and added to the Bodnant Garden. They were an avid horticulturalist and took interest in the breeding of rhododendrons and magnolias. They sponsored several botanical collectors, including George Forrest, and Rhododendron aberconwayi is named in their honour. They died at Bodnant, aged 74, and was buried at the mausoleum called "The Poem" within Bodnant Garden, the traditional burial place of the Lords Aberconway.
Family
They married Christabel Mary Melville Macnaghten (1890–1974), the daughter of Sir Melville Macnaghten, and had five children:
Hon. Elizabeth Mary McLaren (31 May 1911 – 4 December 1991), married and had issue, including Sir Kenneth Carlisle
Charles McLaren, 3rd Baron Aberconway (1913–2003)
S/Ldr. Hon. John Francis McLaren (1919–1953)
Dame Anne McLaren (1927–2007), a biologist and Fellow of the Royal Society, married researcher Donald Michie and had issue, including Susan Michie and Jonathan Michie
Hon. Christopher Melville McLaren (b. 15 April 1934), married and has issue
References
Who Was Who, A & C Black, 1920–2007; online edn, Oxford University Press, Dec 2007
thePeerage.com
External links
1879 births
1953 deaths
Alumni of Balliol College, Oxford
Barons in the Peerage of the United Kingdom
Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Maclaren, Henry
Members of Lincoln's Inn
People educated at Eton College
Maclaren, Henry
Maclaren, Henry
Maclaren, Henry
UK MPs who inherited peerages
Victoria Medal of Honour (Horticulture) recipients
Henry
National Liberal Party (UK, 1922) politicians
Rouben "Redd" Vesmadian (; born 30 December 1982) is an Australian-Armenian professional basketball player. Vesmadian played one season for Fresno State followed by various stints in Australia, Asia, Europe and Africa.
Career
Vesmadian was born in Sydney, Australia. They led Narrabeen Sports High School to one of the top teams in NSW between 1999 and 2000 before attending Fresno State in 2001/02 and playing for Jerry Tarkanian in their final season as a head coach. Vesmadian signed their first professional contract in the Iranian Super League and played for Petrochimi Bandar Imam BC. The following season Vesmadian was awarded Egyptian citizenship as the son of an Egyptian-born Armenian to compete in the Egyptian Pro League. In 2005, Vesmadian signed with DJK Munchen in the German Regional League before transferring to Eintracht Frankfurt.
References
External links
Rouben-Vesmadian
1982 births
Living people
Armenian men's basketball players
Australian people of Armenian descent
Egyptian people of Armenian descent
Egyptian men's basketball players
Armenian expatriate basketball people in Germany
Basketball players from Sydney
Honda Motor Company v. Oberg, 512 U.S. 415 (1994), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court held that an amendment to the Oregon state constitution disallowing judicial review of the size of punitive damages was a violation of due process.
Decision
In a products liability action, Honda was found liable for injuries received by the plaintiff in an ATV accident. Honda was liable for a $5 million punitive damage award, and both the state appellate court and the Oregon Supreme Court declined to review the award for excessiveness based on an amendment to the Oregon constitution. The Supreme Court of the United States held that the amendment to the Oregon constitution violated due process. The Court held that judicial review of punitive damage awards for excessiveness was a long-standing common law tradition that was critical in protecting against arbitrary deprivations of property, and that Oregon had not instituted a substitute procedure to maintain these protections.
See also
Geier v. American Honda Motor Company
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 512
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
1994 in United States case law
United States tort case law
ATVs
Honda
United States Supreme Court cases of the Rehnquist Court
Inés Enríquez y Sandoval or Inés Enríquez Tavera de Saavedra, 1st Countess of la Torre (died after 1618) was a Spanish and later French court official. They served as Première dame d'honneur to the queen of France, Anne of Austria, from 1615 until 1618.
Appointment
Inés de la Torre was a daughter of Juan de Saavedra el Turquillo and Francisca Enríquez de Sandoval, and a cousin to the influential favorite of Philip III of Spain, Francisco Gómez de Sandoval, 1st Duke of Lerma. They were heiress of the house of Saavedra. They married Per Afán de Ribera y Guzmán, señor de la Torre de la Reina.
Inés de la Torre served as lady-in-waiting to the queen, Margaret of Austria, Queen of Spain. As a widow, they were created the first Countess de la Torre by the king.
In 1615, was appointed head of the ladies-in-waiting of Anne of Austria prior to their departure from Spain to their wedding to Louis XIII of France.
In an effort to retain their influence upon Anne in France, king Philip III and the Duke of Lerma appointed people they regarded a loyal to themselves to the offices of the household that was to accompany them to France, and as cousin to the duke of Lerma, Inés de la Torre, was given the highest position and expected to protect the interests of Spain at the French court. They were instructed by the Spanish king to make sure that Anne retained their life rules in France, and they were also to give them regular reports of their daughters doings.
France
When Anne arrived at the French royal court in Paris, a dilemma occurred, as they were given a new household composed of Frenchmen upon their arrival, but did not wish to dismiss their Spanish retinue. A compromise was met where they were allowed to keep both households. This resulted in a situation where several offices at their court was split, and the post of Première dame d'honneur was consequently shared by Inés de la Torre and their French counterpart Laurence de Montmorency, just as the second rank office of Dame d'atour was shared between the Spanish Luisa de Osorio and their French counterpart Antoinette d'Albert de Luynes.
Inés de la Torre had a powerful influence over queen Anne. The double court of queen Anne was not popular, as it caused jealousy and rivalry at court because of the queen's preference of their Spanish retinue, and they were accused of isolating themselves with their Spanish ladies-in-waiting and of retaining their Spanish customs, which prevented their form adjusting to France and was regarded to have contributed to the difficulty of developing a relationship to the king, Louis XIII. This situation was not changed by the queen mother regent, however, who remained queen and first lady at court, and preferred the self-imposed isolation of queen Anne.
Dismissal
In 1617, the regency government of Maria de' Medici fell and its leading figures, their favorites Concino Concini and Leonora Dori, was ousted from power by help of Charles d'Albert, duc de Luynes. de Luynes also took upon themselves to adjust the organisation of the royal household and replaced all the Spanish ladies-in-waiting of Anne with French ones: the process was completed in Winter of 1618-1619, when all that remained of Anne's Spanish retinue was their Spanish confessor and one chamber woman. It was discovered in connection to this that Inés de la Torre had used their position to embezzle huge sums of money intended for the expenses of the queen's household. It was also known that they had co-operated closely with the Spanish ambassador to France, Hector de Pignatelli y Colonna, duke of Monteleon, giving them regular reports and in fact acting as a spy. They were exiled from France and returned to Spain.
The loss of Inés de la Torre caused them to be replaced as the queen's favorite by Marie de Rohan who (supported by the duke de Luynes) introduced Anne to French fashion and customs and managed to effect an (if temporary) closer relation between the king and queen, but also in time became a much controversial favorite.
References
17th-century spies
17th-century Spanish people
French ladies-in-waiting
Year of death missing
Year of birth missing
Spanish countesses
Spanish ladies-in-waiting
Court of Louis XIII
Household of Anne of Austria
The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar () is an archdiocese located in the cities of Cuttack and Bhubaneswar in India.
History
18 July 1928: Established as Mission “sui iuris” of Cuttack from the Diocese of Vizagapatam
1 June 1937: Promoted as Diocese of Cuttack
24 January 1974: Promoted as Metropolitan Archdiocese of Cuttack–Bhubaneswar
Leadership
Archbishops of Metropolitan See of Cuttack-Bhubaneswar (Latin Rite)
Archbishop John Barwa SVD
Archbishop Raphael Cheenath, S.V.D. (1 July 1985 – 14 August 2016)
Archbishop Henry Sebastian D'Souza (24 January 1974 – 29 March 1985)
Bishops of Cuttack (Latin Rite)
Bishop Pablo Tobar Gonzáles, C.M. (10 March 1949 – 18 April 1971)
Bishop Florencio Sanz Esparza, C.M. (11 November 1932 – 4 March 1948)
Ecclesiastical Superiors of Cuttack (Latin Rite)
Fr. Valeriano Guemes Rodriguez, C.M. (2 July 1929 – 1932)
Suffragan dioceses
Balasore
Berhampur
Rayagada
Rourkela
Sambalpur
Saints and causes for canonisation
Blessed Odoric of Pordenone, a Franciscan friar who visited Puri and wrote about the Rath Yatra.
Servant of God Marian Zelazek, SVD
Bernard Digal and 6 Lay Companions
Sources
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
References
Roman Catholic dioceses in India
Christian organizations established in 1928
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Christianity in Odisha
Organisations based in Bhubaneswar
Cuttack
1928 establishments in India
Hardoi railway station (station code HRI) is a main railway station in Hardoi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
References
Moradabad railway division
Hardoi
The 31st Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on June 11–12, 1958, by the E.W. Scripps Company.
The winner was 14-year-old eighth-grader Jolitta Schlehuber of McPherson, Kansas, sponsored by the Topeka Daily Capital. They correctly spelled the word syllepsis. They had placed fourth the prior year, and was the first winner from Kansas. Second place went to Terry Madeira of Elizabethtown, Pennsylvania, who misspelled propylaeum. A talent scout for The $64,000 Question game show in the audience invited Schlehuber to appear on that show, where they won $8000, which they used to pay college tuition.
After the last year's bee had taken almost 10 hours, this was the first time the bee was put on a two-day program. There were 68 contestants this year, 27 boys and 41 girls. Forty-eight spellers were eliminated in eleven rounds in the first day of competition on Wednesday, June 11, leaving 12 girls and 8 boys for the second and final day of competition. Benson S. Alleman was pronouncer.
The top prize was $1,000, with $500 for second, $250 for third, $100 for the next five, $50 for the next ten, and $25 each for the rest.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1958 in education
1958 in Washington, D.C.
June 1958 events in the United States
Mtamaa is an administrative ward in the Singida Urban district of the Singida Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 6,250.
References
Wards of Singida Region
Merv Gordon is a former association football player who represented New Zealand at international level.
Gordon made their full All Whites debut in a 1–7 loss to Australia on 4 July 1936 and ended their international playing career with four official caps to their credit, their final cap an appearance in a 1–4 loss to South Africa on 19 July 1947.
References
New Zealand association footballers
New Zealand international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Association football central defenders
Maria Sorvillo is an Italian football defender, currently playing for UPC Tavagnacco in Italy's Serie A. They have won five leagues with SS Lazio, CF Bardolino and Torres CF.
They have been a member of the Italian national team.
References
1982 births
Living people
Italian women's footballers
Italy women's international footballers
Serie A (women's football) players
S.S. Lazio Women 2015 players
Torres Calcio Femminile players
A.S.D. AGSM Verona F.C. players
U.P.C. Tavagnacco players
Women's association football defenders
Torino Women A.S.D. players
Roma Calcio Femminile players
People from Aversa
Footballers from Campania
Sportspeople from the Province of Caserta
The 1947 William & Mary Indians football team was an American football team that represented the College of William & Mary in the Southern Conference during the 1947 college football season. In its fourth season under head coach Rube McCray, the team compiled a 9–2 record (7–1 against conference opponents), won the Southern Conference championship, was ranked No. 14 in the final AP Poll, and outscored opponents by a total of 320 to 87. The team lost to North Carolina in the regular season and to Arkansas in the 1948 Dixie Bowl on New Year's Day.
Five William & Mary players were selected by the Associated Press as first-team players on the 1947 All-Southern Conference football team: fullback Jack Cloud; end Robert Steckroth; guard Knox Ramsey; and center Tommy Thompson. Cloud broke the school's scoring record with 102 points in 1947 and was later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame. In addition, tackle Lou Creekmur later played ten years with the Detroit Lions and was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
The team played it home games at Cary Field in Williamsburg, Virginia.
Schedule
NFL Draft selections
References
William and Mary
William & Mary Tribe football seasons
Southern Conference football champion seasons
William
Larry Nicholas "Nick" Rush (born March 8, 1968 in Christiansburg, Virginia) is an American politician of the Republican Party. Since early 2012, they have been a member of the Virginia House of Delegates. .
Early life and education
After graduating from Christiansburg High School, Rush served the United States Army as a paratrooper in the 82nd Airborne Division. Nick left active duty as a non-commissioned officer in 1989.
Career
At 23 years old, they were elected to the Montgomery County Board of Supervisors as the youngest member in history. Rush served for 12 years on the board representing District B and is a former Chairman and Vice Chairman.
Rush has always been an active member of their community serving it in a volunteer capacity through these statewide and community groups: New River Valley Community Action Board of Directors; New River Valley Economic Development Alliance; Floyd, Pulaski, and Montgomery County Chambers of Commerce.
Legislative initiatives
HB 1733 was introduced by Rush to create the Advanced Production Grant Program and Fund to make grant payments of $7 million over a five-year period to an eligible business transportation manufacturer and producer that engages in the production of business trucks, and that makes a capital investment of at least $58 million at a facility in Pittsylvania County and creates at least 703 new full-time jobs at the facility.
HJ 705 is a recognition of Cameron Crowder Pediatric Care Awareness Day in Virginia annually on October 22 to recognize the work that pediatric emergency care providers do on a daily basis.
HB 2490 is a grant fund established for the Tech Talent Investment Program. This bill creates a grant program to assist qualified public institutions of higher education (defined in the bill) in reaching, by 2039, a goal of increasing by at least 25,000 degrees the number of bachelor's and master's degrees awarded in computer science, computer engineering, and closely related fields, or that otherwise align with traded-sector, technology-focused growth opportunities identified by the Virginia Economic Development Partnership Authority.
HB 2181 authorizes the establishment of the Radford University-Roanoke Division. Through the acquisition of the Jefferson College of Health Sciences, the bill authorizes the Board of Visitors to (i) exercise the same powers with respect to the operation of the Division as are vested in the board regarding the University and (ii) offer at the Division all programs of instruction offered by Jefferson College of Health Sciences at the time of acquisition, including associate-degree programs.
HB 2180 is a bill designed to create a Semiconductor Manufacturing Grant Fund for the awarding of grants to qualified semiconductor manufacturing companies. A grant of up to $50 million in the fiscal year 2020 and a grant of up to $20 million in the fiscal year 2021 can be awarded to those companies that invest at least $2.98 billion in a qualified locality, and those companies that create and maintain 1,106 new jobs with an average annual wage of $92,000 a year for those jobs.
HJ42 is a proposal that establishes the official recognition of General Casimir Pulaski Day in Virginia on October 11th. General Pulaski was a Polish military officer that led a fleet across the Atlantic in 1777 to help the Revolutionary forces during the American Revolutionary War. Pulaski wrote to General George Washington saying, "I came here, where freedom is being defended, to serve it, and to live or die for it." Pulaski's cavalry at the Battle of Brandywine on September 11, 1777 not only saved Washington's life, but they also saved the Continental Army from what was sure to be a disastrous defeat. General Pulaski later was fatally wounded in the Second Battle of Savannah and later perished at sea on October 11, 1779. To recognize the sacrifice of General Pulaski, the General Assembly named Pulaski County in honor of the General's service to the American Revolution.
HB2074 is a proposal that establishes an individual and corporate tax break for income earned from investments in venture capital accounts. In order to qualify, an account must have 50% or more of its holdings in qualified portfolio companies, which is defined as a company that has its principal place of business in the Commonwealth of Virginia and that has a primary purpose of production, sale, research, or development of a product or service and provides equity in exchange for the investment. The income tax break is available only for an investment made on or after January 1, 2018, but before December 31, 2023. The bill passed the House and Senate, and was signed by Governor Terry McAuliffe.
HB1692 also known as the ‘Flat-Fee Degree,' is a higher education proposal introduced during the 2015 Legislative Session. The proposal establishes discounted tuition and fees for students pursuing degrees in high demand fields. Students pursuing high demand degrees, such education, nursing, and Information Technology (IT) have the opportunity to graduate college without massive debt so long as the students satisfy the requirements of the Flat-Fee Degree. These requirements include graduating on time or earlier, relinquishing certain amenities such as on-campus living or football / basketball ticket lotteries, and requiring students to take summer courses in order to use buildings that are underutilized. The bill is currently being studied by the Joint Commission on Higher Education.
HB672 is an economic development bill introduced in the 2014 Legislative Session by Delegate Charles Poindexter and Chief Co-Patroned by Delegate Rush. Under this legislation, if a company creates at least 25 new, permanent, full-time positions within the Commonwealth, that company would be eligible for a one time grant of $1,000 per position. The per-position fund will grow depending on the amount of new, full-time positions created. For example, if a company relocates to Virginia and creates 100 new jobs, that company will be eligible for $3,000 per position, up to a maximum total of $500,000 within a state fiscal year. The bill passed the House and Senate, and was signed by Governor Terry McAuliffe.
HB1485, which was introduced by Rush and passed during the 2013 Legislative Session, is a proposal that would permit the Commissioner of the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) to postpone expiration of vehicle registrations if the DMV is unable to operate for reasons beyond its control. The postponement is then authorized by the Governor. This bill was utilized on January 30, 2015, when an internal power disruption temporarily interrupted DMV electronic services provided by the Commonwealth's data center. This disruption greatly impacted the ability of many Virginians to renew their driver's licenses and vehicle registration, which could have resulted in unnecessary fees for many drivers. However, because of this bill, those fees were prevented.
Electoral history
Personal life
Nick and their wife, Jennifer currently reside in Christiansburg with their daughter who is currently attending high school. Nick's oldest son, Cody, graduated from Virginia Tech, was commissioned into the U.S. Army, and most recently was selected as a U.S. Army Congressional Fellow, serving and living in Washington, D.C. with their wife, Tiffany, and their two children. Nick's youngest son, Forrest, also graduated from Virginia Tech and was commissioned into the U.S. Army. They completed their time in service last Fall, and returned to Southwest Virginia with their wife, Mary Beth.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
People from Christiansburg, Virginia
Members of the Virginia House of Delegates
United States Army soldiers
Virginia Republicans
21st-century American politicians
The Independent Albums chart (previously titled Top Independent Albums) ranks the highest-selling independent music albums and extended plays (EPs) in the United States, as compiled by Nielsen SoundScan and published weekly by Billboard magazine. It is used to list artists who are not signed to major labels. Rankings are compiled by point-of-purchase sales obtained by Nielsen, and from legal music downloads from a variety of online music stores. The chart began in the week of February 5, 2000.
The top 25 positions are published through the Billboard website, with further chart positions available through a paid subscription to Billboard.biz. As with all Billboard charts, albums appearing on the Independent chart may also concurrently appear on the Billboard 200, the main chart published based solely on sales, as well as any of the other Billboard charts. In addition, exclusive album titles which are only sold through individual retail sites may also be included in the chart, following a revised chart policy announced on November 7, 2007.
The chart's first number one was Who Let the Dogs Out by Baha Men, which went on to top the year-end chart for 2001.
Best-selling top independent albums by year
Since 2002, Billboard.biz has annually published an end-of-year list of the top 50 best selling independent albums. Billboard also independently announced the highest selling album for 2001. Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz have topped this chart three times since its inception, twice with their 2002 album Kings of Crunk.
2001 (see 2001 in music): Baha Men - Who Let the Dogs Out
2002 (see 2002 in music): Mannheim Steamroller - Christmas Extraordinaire
2003 (see 2003 in music): Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz - Kings of Crunk
2004 (see 2004 in music): Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz - Kings of Crunk
2005 (see 2005 in music): Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz - Crunk Juice
2006 (see 2006 in music): Little Big Town - The Road to Here
2007 (see 2007 in music): Various Artists - Hairspray
2008 (see 2008 in music): The Eagles - Long Road out of Eden
2009 (see 2009 in music): Jason Aldean - Wide Open
2010 (see 2010 in music): Jason Aldean - Wide Open
2011 (see 2011 in music): Jason Aldean - My Kinda Party
2012 (see 2012 in music): Mumford & Sons - Babel
2013 (see 2013 in music): Mumford & Sons - Babel
2014 (see 2014 in music): Garth Brooks - Blame It All on My Roots: Five Decades of Influences
2015 (see 2015 in music): Jason Aldean - Old Boots, New Dirt
2016 (see 2016 in music): Radiohead - A Moon Shaped Pool
2017 (see 2017 in music): Metallica - Hardwired... to Self-Destruct
2018 (see 2018 in music): Jason Aldean - Rearview Town
2019 (see 2019 in music): BTS - Map of the Soul: Persona
2020 (see 2020 in music): Bad Bunny – YHLQMDLG
2021 (see 2021 in music): Bad Bunny – El Último Tour Del Mundo
References
External links
Billboard Independent Albums
Billboard
Billboard charts
A light float is a type of lighted navigational aid forming an intermediate class between lightvessels and large lighted buoys; they are generally smaller than lightvessels and carry less powerful lights. In times when most lightvessels were crewed, the term was sometimes also used to describe a full-size lightvessel converted to unmanned operation.
Light floats usually have a boat-shaped platform: this was found to ride the strong tides of rivers and estuaries better than buoys. Light floats are still deployed instead of smaller lighted buoys in waters where strong currents may be experienced.
References
Nautical terminology
Navigational aids
Aydındere is a belde (town) in Giresun Province, Turkey.
Geography
Aydındere is a town in Bulancak district of Giresun Province. Although geographically a town of the Black Sea Region, at it is situated in the mountainous area far from the coast. The distance to Bulancak is and to Giresun is . The population of Aydındere was 2607 as of 2013.
History
Prior to 14th century, Aydındere was a Byzantine village. In 1380 it was captured by Eretna Beylik, a beylik (principality) in Central Anatolia. In the 15th century it was annexed to the Ottoman Empire. During the Turkish Republic era there were two villages instead of Aydındere. One village named Kızılev (red house) and the other Derecikalan (region of the creek) . In 1987 Kızılev was renamed as Aydınlar. In 1999 the two villages were merged to form a town and the town was named as Aydındere.
Economy
The most important crop of the town is hazelnut. Potato is also produced . Beehiving is another economic sector. But, carpet weaving, once popular, has declined.
References
Populated places in Giresun Province
Towns in Turkey
Bulancak District
Derrymore may refer to:
Australia
Derrymore, Queensland
Northern Ireland
Derrymore, County Antrim
Republic of Ireland
Derrymore, County Kerry
Derrymore, County Westmeath, a townland in the civil parish of Killucan
Farmahin Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Farahan County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 12,220, in 3,519 families. The rural district has 36 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Farahan County
Peter Pišťanek (28 April 1960, Devínska Nová Ves – 22 March 2015, Bratislava) was a Slovak writer.
Their first full-length novel Rivers of Babylon was published in 1991 (in English in 2007 in a translation by Peter Petro). It was followed by two other novels, The Wooden Village and The End of Freddy, which together make up a trilogy. They recount the life of Rácz, a fictitious gangster who emerged in autumn 1989 as communist rule was disintegrating.
Pišťanek was also an active writer about the alcohol beverage industry, providing their insight and humour on both spirits and wines including cognac and bourbon.
On 22 March 2015, Pišťanek committed suicide.
Books
Rivers of Babylon; translated by Peter Petro, Garnett Press 11/2007,
Wooden Village; translated by Peter Petro, Garnett Press 11/2008,
End of Freddy; translated by Peter Petro, Garnett Press 11/2009,
See also
9th ZAI Awards (Special Mention Award)
References
1960 births
2015 suicides
Slovak novelists
Slovak male writers
Male novelists
20th-century novelists
Suicides in Slovakia
Writers from Bratislava
20th-century Slovak writers
20th-century male writers
MSU Faculty of Geography () is a faculty of Moscow State University, created in 1938 by order #109 dated 23 July 1938. There are 15 departments:
Human geography branch
Department of Social and Economic Geography of foreign countries
Department of Economic And Social Geography of Russia
Department of Geography of World Economy
Department of Recreational Geography and Tourism
Physical geography branch
Department of Physical Geography and Landscape Science
Department of Geomorphology and Paleogeography
Department of Glaciology and Cryolithology
Department of Biogeography
Department of Geochemistry of Landscapes and Soil Geography
Hydrometeorological branch
Department of Hydrology
Department of Meteorology and Climatology
Department of Oceanology
Geoecological branch
Department of Physical Geography of the World and Geoecology
Department of Environmental Management
Geoinformatics branch
Department of Mapping and Geoinformatics
Research laboratories
Laboratory of Renewable Energy Sources
Laboratory of Geoecology of the Northern Territories
Laboratory of Complex Mapping
Laboratory of Recent Deposits and Pleistocene Palaeogeography
Laboratory of Regional Analysis and Political Geography
Laboratory of Snow Avalanches and Debris Flows
World Data Center for Geography
The Makkaveev Laboratory of Soil Erosion and Fluvial Processes
External links
Official site of the faculty
The Information on a site of Moscow State University
Geography, Faculty of
Geography education in Russia
Education in Moscow
Bleona Qereti (born 14 May 1979), also known mononymously as Bleona, is an Albanian-American singer, songwriter, actor, entrepreneur, model and television personality.
Qereti is an American Citizen, and as of 2010, Bleona lives in California, where they have worked with producers such as Timbaland, Rodney Jerkins, and Grammy award winner David Foster. They have 8 Albums in Albania and has released several singles in English, such as "Show Off", "Famous", "Take You Over", "Without You" and "Pass Out," the latter co-produced by Timbaland. September 10, 2013, they released the single "Take It Like A Man" which shot to No. 7 in the UK charts entirely on the strength of its fierce attitude and club-ready beat with no promotional without any support from a music label. They were also a celebrity judge on the fourth season of the Albanian The X Factor and the breakout star of the 2014 Bravo's TV reality series Euros of Hollywood, winning over viewers with their offbeat humor and outrageous personality.
In February 2019, they landed their first number one on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart with "I Don't Need Your Love."
Life and career
Bleona began singing at age 5 when they joined the House of Pionieri and performed their first solo concert at age 9 for the Albanian Secret Service, where their father worked. At 13, their parents encouraged them to focus on academics and give up on singing, but against their advice, they continued to pursue a career in entertainment. When they were 14 years old, Bleona earned an audition and landed their first major role as the lead singer for the Skampa Theater in Elbasan.
Following a performance at the Albanian National Music Festival at age 15, Bleona became a household name in their native country. They released their first single, "Lermeni (Let Me Be Free)" and a year later released their first album, Kam Qejfin Tim (I Run My Own Game). Bleona's first major tour took place that year, and they performed 25 summer shows at concert halls in Switzerland and Germany.
Bleona speaks and sings in English, Albanian, Italian and German.
They studied the Stanislavski System of acting, graduating with a BA from the Academy of Performing Arts in Tirana. They also play violin.
1998–2008
From 1998 through 2002, Bleona released four albums, all of which reached the charts in southeastern Europe.
In 1999 they headlined the Humanitarian Tour for the People of Kosovo, where they played a number of concerts around Europe.
From 2000 to 2001 they performed more than 80 concerts across Europe, and by 2002 was headlining outdoor concerts and festivals.
In that same year they released the DVD Nje xhiro neper Shqiperi (Walking Through Albania).
In 2003 Bleona released the album Ti Nuk Di As Me Ma Lyp. Within 3 months of its release, the album had sold 300,000 copies. Over the next four years they again toured throughout Kosovo, England, Germany, Switzerland, and Italy, and co-headlined with the rock group, Elita 5.
Bleona's first tour in the United States was in 2004, when a club promoter invited them to New York City to perform at the legendary Webster Hall. Since then, they have continued to perform in both the United States, the Middle East and in Europe.
Bleona's 2005 album, Boom Boom was recorded in both English and Albanian. That same year their single "S'dua" won the Media Award at the "Magic Song Festival Awards," Albania's version of the Grammy Awards. In 2006, Bleona became the youngest recipient of Albania's VMA "Excellent Career Award" in the award's history. Them eighth album Mandarin sold over 800,000 copies in 2007, breaking their previous record. In theme with the album, which means "tangerine," they dyed their hair red in 2006 and kept it that way until 2007, featuring the color in three music videos. In 2008, Bleona won two awards (media & internet) with the song "Magnetic" at the "Magic Song Festival Awards".
2009–2012
Bleona moved to the U.S. in September 2010. Shortly afterward they met producer Timbaland while both were attending the Grammy Awards, and after a year of discussions, they began working with them on three new tracks. Them first English language single "Show Off" featuring Petey Pablo was released on September 27, 2010. Bleona has also worked on songs with Rodney Jerkins, Makeba, and Jimmy Douglass.
In February 2011, Bleona became a citizen of the United States.
In September 2012, Bleona's co-produced single with Timbaland, "Pass Out" featuring Brasco was released. They toured Europe to promote the single, performing in Albania in the cities of Vlora, Elbasan, Shkoder and Tirana; the capital city of Pristina in Kosovo; Tetovo in Macedonia and Düsseldorf, Germany. Supporting them on tour was DJ Freestyle Steve and Brasco. Concert attendance ranged from 50 to 70,000 people per performance.
2013–present
In the summer 2013, Bleona announced the release of their single "Take It Like A Man" produced by StopWaitGo. Maximum Pop called it "an uplifting dance floor filler that screams 'GIRL POWER' at the top of its euro-pop lungs". They celebrated the track reaching #7 on the UK club charts by headlining Las Vegas Gay Pride on September 7, 2013.
Bleona was invited to perform consecutive years at the "White Party", joining Lady Gaga as just the second artist to perform two years in a row. As a result, their single "Fuck You I'm Famous" became an anthem for the LGBTQ community.
In 2015 following their time as a judge on X Factor Europe, Bleona's single "Take You Over" peaked at #3 on the Billboard Dance chart.
Bleona recorded their version of the 1980s Italian hit song "Su Di Noi" originally by Enzo Ghinazzi. Them music video for the track was shot at the iconic El Matador Beach in Malibu, California. In February 2019, they landed their first number-one single on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart with the hit track "I Don't Need Your Love".
Other ventures
Television
Bleona made their acting debut in 2012 with an appearance in an episode of Steven Seagal's True Justice. In 2017, they landed a role alongside Dolph Lundgren in Dead Trigger. The following year, Bleona appeared in 211, an action-thriller starring Nicolas Cage. Bleona was cast as Nova in the 2019 series Paper Empire in what would be their first major role alongside Wesley Snipes, Denise Richards, Robert Ravi and Anne Archer.
In February 2014, Bleona started shooting a new reality television series titled Euros of Hollywood which premiered on November 3, 2014, on Bravo network. The show followed Bleona recording their first album in English and their life in America on becoming a global superstar. In 2015, Bleona returned to Albania where they were a member of the X Factor jury. In 2016, they were a member of Your Face Sounds Familiar jury in Albania.
Personal life
Qereti is multilingual and is besides their mother tongue Albanian fluent in German, English and Italian. In 2009, they moved to the city of Los Angeles, United States, and became a naturalized American citizen in 2011.
Discography
Kam Qejfin Tim (1997)
Nese Me Do Fort (1999)
S'me Behet Vone (2001)
Ik Meso Si Dashurohet (2002)
Ti Nuk Di As Me Ma Lyp (2003)
Greatest Hits (2005)
Boom Boom (2005)
Mandarin (2007)
References
1979 births
21st-century Albanian actores
21st-century Albanian women singers
21st-century American actores
21st-century American women singers
21st-century American singers
Albanian businesspeople
Albanian female models
Albanian-language singers
American songwriters
American female models
Albanian emigrants to the United States
Living people
People with acquired American citizenship
Albanian pop musicians
English-language singers from Albania
American people of Albanian descent
Arthur William Bickerton (27 August 1919 – 18 June 1992) was an Australian politician who was a Labor Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1958 to 1974, representing the seat of Pilbara. They served as a minister in the government of John Tonkin.
Bickerton was born in Melbourne, and after leaving school worked as a farm labourer in Gippsland, Gippsland. They enlisted in the Australian Army in 1940, and by the end of the war was a captain in the Royal Australian Artillery. After being discharged from the military, Bickerton moved to New South Wales, where they managed mines at Muswellbrook and Ben Bullen, and eventually founded their own contracting business at Lithgow. They moved to Western Australia in 1955, to work at a tin mine on the Pilbara's Shaw River. Bickerton was elected to the Marble Bar Road Board in 1956, serving until they were elected to state parliament at the 1958 Pilbara by-election (occasioned by the death of the sitting member, Aloysius Rodoreda).
After Labor's victory at the 1971 state election, Bickerton was appointed Minister for Housing and Minister for Fuel in the Tonkin ministry. In a 1972 reshuffle, they were replaced as Minister for Fuel by Don May, but was additionally made Minister for Fisheries and Fauna. In another reshuffle the following year, Bickerton was made Minister for the North-West. The Labor government was defeated at the 1974 election, with the seat of Pilbara falling to the Liberal candidate Brian Sodeman, a 31-year-old engineer. Bickerton became the first serving minister since James Kenneally in 1936 to lose their seat at a general election. After leaving politics, they served as a director of various mining companies, and was also chairperson of the Greyhound Racing Association from 1984 to 1987. Bickerton died in Perth in 1992, aged 72.
References
|-
|-
1919 births
1992 deaths
Australian Anglicans
Australian Army officers
Australian Army personnel of World War II
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
People from Melbourne
Western Australian local councillors
20th-century Australian politicians
Buprestis octoguttata is a species of beetle native to Europe.
References
Buprestidae
Beetles described in 1758
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
The Chapel of Saint Dominic Soriano () is a Roman Catholic church building in Villa Soriano, Soriano Department, Uruguay.
History
Santo Domingo Soriano was one of the oldest European settlements in the colonial Banda Oriental, dating to 1624. At that time it had a very humble chapel. The present building was constructed much later, but nevertheless constitutes a historic landmark. It features the only articulated image of Jesus Christ in Uruguay.
This chapel is annexed to the Parish of Dolores.
References
External links
Roman Catholic church buildings in Soriano Department
The Rural Life Living Museum is in Tilford, Surrey near Farnham in southern England. Formerly known as the Old Kiln Agricultural Museum and the Rural Life Centre, it is an open-air museum of country life run by the Old Kiln Museum Trust, a charitable trust. It covers over of field, woodland and barns, and collects and preserves objects associated with farming and goods used by local craftsmen between 1750 and 1960. There is also an arboretum with over one hundred species of trees.
The museum displays farming through the seasons, local hop growing, tools and crafts allied to country industries and needs. The social history of village life from the 19th century is displayed covering school life, domestic work, period shops and trades. There is a working iron furnace and a woodyard, both run by the volunteers. It also hosts the narrow gauge Old Kiln Light Railway and a Blacksmith's forge.
The museum was originally assembled as a private collection by Henry and Madge Jackson, starting from 1948 when they moved into the adjacent Old Kiln Cottage. The Old Kiln Agricultural Museum itself first opened in 1973, originally occupying Henry's Yard, a small part of the current site. In 1984 the museum trust was created to secure the museum's future, and the museum was renamed as the Rural Life Centre. Madge and Henry both died in the early years of the 21st century. In 2019 the museum obtained further funding and was again renamed, this time to the Rural Life Living Museum.
References
External links
Rural Life Living Museum website
Museums in Surrey
Rural history museums in England
Borough of Waverley
Open-air museums in England
Go Off may refer to:
"Go Off" (M.I.A. song), single by M.I.A. from the album AIM, 2016
"Go Off" (Lil Uzi Vert, Quavo and Travis Scott song), song from the 2017 soundtrack The Fate of the Furious: The Album
Go Off!, album by Cacophony, 1988
"Go Off", single by Aasim, 2008
"Go Off", song by DJ Kay Slay and Greg Street from the album The Champions: North Meets South, 2006
"Go Off", song by Hustle Gang from the album We Want Smoke, 2017
"Go Off", single by Jarren Benton from the album My Grandma's Basement, 2013
"Go Off", single by KB from the album Weight & Glory, 2012
"Go Off (Nuthin' 2 It)", song by Dillon Francis from the 2019 mixtape Magic Is Real
China National Highway 303 (G303) runs from Ji'an, Jilin to Xilinhot, Inner Mongolia. It is 1,263 kilometres in length and runs northwest from Ji'an through Jilin and Liaoning and ends in Inner Mongolia.
Route and distance
See also
China National Highways
External links
Official website of Ministry of Transport of PRC
303
Transport in Liaoning
Transport in Jilin
Transport in Inner Mongolia
The Aeronca Model 9 Arrow was a low-wing all-metal cabin monoplane with retractable landing gear. It was marketed to returning pilots from World War II and unveiled in 1947 but never went into production.
The single prototype (registered NX39581) was destroyed in a crash during a test flight due to propeller failure.
Specifications
See also
References
Further reading
External links
Aerofiles: Aeronca 9 Arrow
Low-wing aircraft
Single-engined tractor aircraft
1940s United States civil utility aircraft
Aeronca aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1947
Pan Shenghua (born 3 March 1957) is a Chinese water polo player, and coach. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
They were assistant coach at the 2008 Summer Olympics, and 2012 Summer Olympics. They were coach of the Chinese women's team, at the Water polo at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships, and Water polo at the 2007 World Aquatics Championships.
References
External links
https://www.zimbio.com/photos/Pan+Shenghua/XII+FINA+World+Championships+Day+7/qe2PRb7kxCh
1957 births
Living people
Chinese male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of China
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Asian Games medalists in water polo
Water polo players at the 1982 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1982 Asian Games
Asian Games gold medalists for China
Zara Pasfield (born 28 June 1995) is a retired Australian figure skater.  They are the 2011 NZ Winter Games bronze medalist and the 2012 Australian national champion.
On the junior level, they are a two-time Australian junior national bronze medalist (2009, 2011).
Personal life
Pasfield is the daughter of Michael Pasfield, a former competitive figure skater, and sister of Katie Pasfield, a two-time Australian ladies' bronze medallist (2017, 2018).
Pasfield graduated from Pymble Ladies' College in 2013 and from the University of Technology Sydney in 2017 with a degree in spatial and interior architecture.
Competitive highlights
References
Australian female single skaters
1995 births
Living people
Figure skaters from Sydney
University of Technology Sydney alumni
People educated at Pymble Ladies' College
Intertemporal portfolio choice is the process of allocating one's investable wealth to various assets, especially financial assets, repeatedly over time, in such a way as to optimize some criterion. The set of asset proportions at any time defines a portfolio. Since the returns on almost all assets are not fully predictable, the criterion has to take financial risk into account. Typically the criterion is the expected value of some concave function of the value of the portfolio after a certain number of time periods—that is, the expected utility of final wealth. Alternatively, it may be a function of the various levels of goods and services consumption that are attained by withdrawing some funds from the portfolio after each time period.
Discrete time
Time-independent decisions
In a general context the optimal portfolio allocation in any time period after the first will depend on the amount of wealth that results from the previous period's portfolio, which depends on the asset returns that occurred in the previous period as well as that period's portfolio size and allocation, the latter having depended in turn on the amount of wealth resulting from the portfolio of the period before that, etc. However, under certain circumstances the optimal portfolio decisions can be arrived at in a way that is separated in time, so that the shares of wealth placed in particular assets depend only on the stochastic asset return distributions of that particular period.
Log utility
If the investor's utility function is the risk averse log utility function of final wealth
then decisions are intertemporally separate. Let initial wealth (the amount that is investable in the initial period) be and let the stochastic portfolio return in any period (the imperfectly predictable amount that the average dollar in the portfolio grows or shrinks to in a given period t) be depends on the portfolio allocation—the fractions of current wealth inherited from the previous period that are allocated at the start of period t to assets i (i=1, ..., n). So:
where
where refers to the stochastic return (the imperfectly predictable amount that the average dollar grows to) of asset i for period t, and where the shares (i=1, ..., n) are constrained to sum to 1. Taking the log of above to express outcome-contingent utility, substituting in for for each t, and taking the expected value of the log of gives the expected utility expression to be maximized:
The terms containing the choice shares for differing t are additively separate, giving rise to the result of intertemporal independence of optimal decisions: optimizing for any particular decision period t involves taking the derivatives of one additively separate expression with respect to the various shares, and the first-order conditions for the optimal shares in a particular period do not contain the stochastic return information or the decision information for any other period.
Kelly criterion
The Kelly criterion for intertemporal portfolio choice states that, when asset return distributions are identical in all periods, a particular portfolio replicated each period will outperform all other portfolio sequences in the long run. Here the long run is an arbitrarily large number of time periods such that the distributions of observed outcomes for all assets match their ex ante probability distributions. The Kelly criterion gives rise to the same portfolio decisions as does the maximization of the expected value of the log utility function as described above.
Power utility
Like the log utility function, the power utility function for any value of the power parameter exhibits constant relative risk aversion, a property that tends to cause decisions to scale up proportionately without change as initial wealth increases. The power utility function is
with positive or negative, but non-zero, parameter a < 1. With this utility function instead of the log one, the above analysis leads to the following expected utility expression to be maximized:
where as before
for each time period t.
If there is serial independence of the asset returns—that is, if the realization of the return on any asset in any period is not related to the realization of the return on any asset in any other period—then this expected utility expression becomes
maximization of this expected utility expression is equivalent to separate maximization (if a>0) or minimization (if a<0) of each of the terms Hence under this condition we again have intertemporal independence of portfolio decisions. Note that the log utility function, unlike the power utility function, did not require the assumption of intertemporal independence of returns to obtain intertemporal independence of portfolio decisions.
HARA utility
Hyperbolic absolute risk aversion (HARA) is a feature of a broad class of von Neumann-Morgenstern utility functions for choice under risk, including the log and power utility functions dealt with above. Mossin showed that under HARA utility, optimal portfolio choice involves partial time-independence of decisions if there is a risk-free asset and there is serial independence of asset returns: to find the optimal current-period portfolio, one needs to know no future distributional information about the asset returns except the future risk-free returns.
Time-dependent decisions
As per the above, the expected utility of final wealth with a power utility function is
If there is not serial independence of returns through time, then the expectations operator cannot be applied separately to the various multiplicative terms. Thus the optimal portfolio for any period will depend on the probability distribution of returns for the various assets contingent on their previous-period realizations, and so cannot be determined in advance.
Moreover, the optimal actions in a particular period will have to be chosen based on knowledge of how decisions will be made in future periods, because the realizations in the present period for the asset returns affect not just the portfolio outcome for the present period, but also the conditional probability distributions for future asset returns and hence future decisions.
These considerations apply to utility functions in general with the exceptions noted previously. In general the expected utility expression to be maximized is
where U is the utility function.
Dynamic programming
The mathematical method of dealing with this need for current decision-making to take into account future decision-making is dynamic programming. In dynamic programming, the last period decision rule, contingent on available wealth and the realizations of all previous periods' asset returns, is devised in advance; then the next-to-last period's decision rule is devised, taking into account how the results of this period will influence the final period's decisions; and so forth backward in time. This procedure becomes complex very quickly if there are more than a few time periods or more than a few assets.
Dollar cost averaging
Dollar cost averaging is gradual entry into risky assets; it is frequently advocated by investment advisors. As indicated above, it is not confirmed by models with log utility. However, it can emerge from an intertemporal mean-variance model with negative serial correlation of returns.
Age effects
With HARA utility, asset returns that are independently and identically distributed through time, and a risk-free asset, risky asset proportions are independent of the investor's remaining lifetime. Under certain assumptions including exponential utility and a single asset with returns following an ARMA(1,1) process, a necessary but not sufficient condition for increasing conservatism (decreasing holding of the risky asset) over time (which is often advocated by investment advisors) is negative first-order serial correlation, while non-negative first-order serial correlation gives the opposite result of increased risk-taking at later points in time.
Intertemporal portfolio models in which portfolio choice is conducted jointly with intertemporal labor supply decisions can lead to the age effect of conservatism increasing with age as advocated by many investment advisors. This result follows from the fact that risky investments when the investor is young that turn out badly can be reacted to by supplying more labor than anticipated in subsequent time periods to at least partially offset the lost wealth; since an older person with fewer subsequent time periods is less able to offset bad investment returns in this way, it is optimal for an investor to take on less investment risk at an older age.
Continuous time
Robert C. Merton showed that in continuous time with hyperbolic absolute risk aversion, with asset returns whose evolution is described by Brownian motion and which are independently and identically distributed through time, and with a risk-free asset, one can obtain an explicit solution for the demand for the unique optimal portfolio, and that demand is linear in initial wealth.
See also
Decision theory
Intertemporal budget constraint
Intertemporal capital asset pricing model
Intertemporal choice
Investment strategy
Modern portfolio theory
Two-moment decision model
References
Financial economics
Portfolio theories
FC Grün-Weiß Piesteritz is a German football club based in Wittenberg, Saxony-Anhalt, currently playing in the Verbandsliga Sachsen-Anhalt (VI).
History
The earliest forerunner of FC Grün-Weiß Piesteritz was founded on 1 April 1919 as 1. FC Wacker Piesteritz, which became VfR Piesteritz in 1924 and TSB Piesteritz in 1933. After World War II, the club was renamed BSG Chemie Piesteritz which became SV Grün-Weiß Wittenberg-Piesteritz upon German reunification. In 2001, the footballing department of the sports club broke away to become FC Grün-Weiß Piesteritz and they currently play in the sixth tier Verbandsliga Sachsen-Anhalt (VI), having been relegated from the 2013–14 NOFV-Oberliga Süd after three seasons at this level.
Summary of previous names
1919–1924 1. FC Wacker Piesteritz
1924–1933 VfR Piesteritz
1933–1946 TSB Piesteritz
1949–1990 BSG Chemie Piesteritz
1990–2001 SV Grün-Weiß Wittenberg-Piesteritz
since 2001 FC Grün-Weiß Piesteritz
Honours
The club's honours:
Verbandsliga Sachsen-Anhalt
Champions: 2011
Runners-up: 2009
Stadium
FC Grün-Weiß Piesteritz plays its home fixtures at the 4,000 capacity Volksparkstadion.
References
External links
FC Grün-Weiß Piesteritz
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Saxony-Anhalt
Association football clubs established in 2001
Wittenberg
2001 establishments in Germany
Noé Hernández González (born 31 May 1965) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI. They currently serve as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Veracruz.
References
1965 births
Living people
Politicians from Veracruz
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico)
Institutional Revolutionary Party politicians
21st-century Mexican politicians
Deputies of the LXII Legislature of Mexico
Members of the Chamber of Deputies (Mexico) for Veracruz
Kim railway station is a railway station on the Western Railway network in the state of Gujarat, India. Kim railway station is 24 km far away from Surat railway station. Passenger, MEMU and few Express/Superfast trains halt at Kim railway station.
Nearby Stations
Kudsad is the nearest railway station towards Mumbai, whereas is the nearest railway station towards Vadodara.
Major Trains
Passenger Trains:
59049/50 Valsad - Viramgam Passenger
69149/50 Virar - Bharuch MEMU
59439/40 Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Passenger
59441/42 Ahmedabad - Mumbai Central Passenger
69111/12 Surat - Vadodara MEMU
69171/72 Surat - Bharuch MEMU
69109/10 Vadodara - Surat MEMU
Following Express/Superfast trains halt at Kim railway station in both directions:
19033/34 Valsad - Ahmedabad Gujarat Queen Express
12929/30 Valsad - Dahod Intercity Superfast Express
19023/24 Mumbai Central - Firozpur Janata Express
19215/16 Mumbai Central - Porbandar Saurashtra Express
22929/30 Bhilad - Vadodara Superfast Express
22959/60 Surat - Jamnagar Intercity Superfast Express
22961/62 Surat - Hapa Intercity Weekly Superfast Express
22953/54 Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Gujarat Superfast Express
References
See also
Surat district
Railway stations in Surat district
Vadodara railway division
The Remixes are first remix album of American singer, Ari Gold.
Overview
Ari Gold's first full length remix album and was named the No. 2 Best Independent Release of 2005 according to national magazine The Advocate. The album includes selections from "Ari Gold" and "Space Under Sun". The first single, "Love Will Take Over" instantly became a Billboard Dance Chart hit, a pride anthem on iTunes Essentials and has been played on the nationally syndicated radio show, Radio With a Twist. The "Love Will Take Over" video has been played on HBO Zone, Rock America, For Promo Only and claimed the top spot for two weeks in a row on MTV's Logo.
The CD includes new dance mixes of the club and video hit "Wave Of You", the gay anthem "He's on My Team", "Funk That Ship", and the ballad "Bashert (Meant To Be)" as well as new mixes of "Love Will Take Over" by Solar City, JKriv, M@d Matt, Rhythm DB, and Seven Sun.
Track listing
Love Will Take Over (JKriv's Love Lounge Radio Mix)
Wave Of You (Twisted Dee's Undertow Mix 05)
Bashert (Meant To Be) (Genny Random RMX)
Love Will Take Over (Solar City 12" Anthem)
He's on My Team (Scotty K.Funked Up House Mix) (featuring Kendra Ross)
Funk That Ship (2fabu Funky Mix)
Love Will Take Over (Seven Sun Trance Mix)
Love Will Take Over (Mad M@!& Rhythm DB Deep Club Remix)
References
2005 remix albums
Ari Gold (musician) albums
Urs Felber (born 10 July 1942), a pioneer of furniture design, was the CEO of Vitra USA. Felber was also the board director for several companies including Swissflex and was chairperson and principal shareholder for the furniture company Dietiker AG.
Felber was born Egerkingen, Switzerland. They studied engineering at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) before going on to get design management degrees at Stanford University and the University of Fribourg. They then went on to become the president of Vitra USA and board director for several companies.
Felber died on 26 April 2010 at the age of 67. Their daughter, Nathalie Felber, then became the CEO of the Swiss company Dietiker AG.
Life and career
Felber was born on 10 July 1942 in Egerkingen, Switzerland, a small town in the canton of Solothurn. Their family ran a local carpentry workshop.
From 1962 to 1965, they studied mechanical engineering at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (ETH) in Zurich. In 1964, they replaced a fellow student in their field study at a small furniture manufacturer company, De Sede. In 1966, they became a system engineer at De Sede. They took a 50 percent stake in the company. By 1978, De Sede was exporting to over 70 countries.
In 1979, they obtained a PhD in Design Management at Stanford University, California and the University of Fribourg, Switzerland, achieving magna cum laude. They authored Systematic Design Management in the Enterprise: Fundamentals and Concepts which heralded the birth of design management, design science and methodology.
In the 1980s, they became a business partner and CEO of Vitra USA, the world's leading contract furniture manufacturing firm. Parallel to their US activities, they became a board director in several companies, including Wilkhahn International, Wilkhahn Switzerland, Swissflex and Team by Wellis.
In 2001, Urs Felber bought the Swiss furniture company Dietiker AG from the supermarket chain Migros and transformed it into a recognized brand by incorporating contemporary designs, with products winning the Red Dot Design Award and Neocon Innovation Award. Dietiker became a leader in Switzerland and Europe in the contract furniture market.
Awards and honors
In 1999, Urs Felber was made a Honorary Fellow of the Tel Aviv Museum of Art. In 2002, they received Doctor Honoris Causa from the University of Tel Aviv On 20 May 2003, the Aviva and Urs Felber Jubilee Plaza was inaugurated at Tel Aviv University in recognition of their commitment to the university.
Death
Urs Felber died from a heart attack on 26 April 2010.
References
External links
Urs Felber's lecture on Good Design at Iidex Neocon, Canada, 2007
Urs Felber, 'Ones to Watch', Contract Design magazine
Urs Felber, Contract Design magazine
Urs Felber, Office Work magazine
Urs Felber, Swiss design magazine Hochpaterre
Urs Felber and Dietiker, Swiss design magazine Hochpaterre
Urs Felber, Fachwerk magazine
Aviva and Urs Felber Piazza at Tel Aviv University
Urs Felber, Moebelkultur magazine
Urs Felber and Dietiker, Interieur Suisse Magazine
Urs Felber, Acade magazine
Urs Felber interview at Neocon on Vimeo
Urs Felber, Neoconeast
Urs Felber, Lifestyle magazine
Dietiker and Urs Felber, Interior Design magazine
Hommage a Urs Felber, La Revue du Design
Insideout Contracts – Contract Furniture specialists
1942 births
2010 deaths
Swiss businesspeople
Swiss engineers
