is a system of payment for sumo wrestlers that supplements the basic salary that sekitori earn.
This bonus is calculated using a fairly complex formula. When a wrestler enters professional sumo, they are credited with 3 yen. Every time they achieve kachi-koshi (more wins than losses) in a tournament, this value increases by 0.5 yen (or 50 sen) for each additional win over the number of losses (e.g. 1.5 yen for a 9-6 record). No deduction is made for a make-koshi record.
There are minimum values of mochikyūkin that are paid to wrestlers of different rank (jūryō, makuuchi, ōzeki and yokozuna), should they not be eligible for a greater amount already. If a wrestler is subsequently demoted, any amount awarded through these minimums in excess of that earned via the wrestler's win-loss record will be deducted again from the mochikyūkin account. The minimum values for the respective levels are 40 yen for jūryō, 60 yen for makuuchi, 100 yen for ōzeki and 150 yen for yokozuna.
There are two ways to obtain a big jump in the mochikyūkin. Winning the makuuchi yūshō (championship) gives a bonus of 30 yen, which increases to 50 yen if the championship was won with a "perfect" (15-0) record. A maegashira will receive a 10 yen bonus if they can defeat a yokozuna during a tournament. Such a win is called a kinboshi (lit. gold star).
The value of the mochikyūkin account is multiplied by a predefined number to give the actual distributed monetary bonus, which is paid six times a year (once for each tournament) to the sekitori wrestlers; the current multiplier, since the year 1998, is 4000.
This means that, as an example, a kinboshi victory will be worth ¥240,000 per annum additional income for the remainder of the wrestler's career. Although they never won the makuuchi championship, former sekiwake Akinoshima won 16 kinboshi during their career, which gave them a mochikyūkin account that was larger than those of many ōzeki.
With its strong bias towards large kachi-koshi scores and top division championships, the highest mochikyūkin accounts are credited to the strongest yokozuna. Mochikyūkin accounts of over 1000 yen (corresponding to an additional income of 24 million yen per year) have been achieved by the very strongest yokozuna such as Taihō, Chiyonofuji and Hakuhō.
References
Sumo terminology
The pre-season of the 2020–21 NBL season, the 43rd season of Australia's National Basketball League, started on 13 November 2020 and concluded on 9 January 2021.
Games
Adelaide 36ers pre-season
Brisbane Bullets pre-season
Cairns Taipans pre-season
Perth Wildcats pre-season
Sydney Kings pre-season
Pre-season ladder
References
Pre-season
The Missions Abroad and Special Operations (in German: Auslands- und Spezialeinsätze, abbreviated BKA-ASE) is a specialized unit within the German Federal Criminal Police Office (BKA). The ASE is composed of specially selected and trained BKA personnel that typically operate in high-threat environments.
History
Background and creation
On August 15, 2007, three BKA agents who served as part of the security detail of the German Ambassador of Afghanistan were killed. This proved that the personnel conducting these tasks were not appropriately trained and prepared to face the threat of attacks which became increasingly complex. This led to dramatic changes of the protection of the diplomatic missions in hazardous areas.
The Federal Police tasked their special security details for diplomatic missions of protecting embassies and their personnel while the BKA saw the need of establishing a similar unit to operate in hostile environments.
The BKA's protection division has drawn from the experiences of previous deployments of security details which showed the need of military-style tactics, equipment and training. Selected agents of the BKA were trained by the German Military's special operations unit KSK and the ASE became fully operational in 2008. Until this day BKA ASE maintains strong relationships with similar domestic and international special operations units
Controversy
On 20 April 2021, the President of the BKA published a statement regarding ongoing investigations against members of the ASE. In different cases legal and disciplinary investigations were initiated due to various cases of misconduct.
Mission
Tasks
ASE may operate as close protection details in hazardous areas.
Functions as counter assault teams. In the event a VIP, the VIP's vehicle, or a protected site is attacked or ambushed by armed assailants, ASE operators may be tasked with engaging and diverting the attackers, thereby buying the close protection shift time to evacuate the dignitary to a safe area.
Tasked with the protection of German constitutional organs of the federal government such as the German President, Bundeskanzler and Ministers during their visits to foreign crisis regions.
Provides tactical support to foreign high-profile state guests during their stay in Germany.
Provides high-risk escort of witnesses within the witness protection tasks of the BKA and the escort of high-profile and dangerous prisoners.
ASE operates closely with the close protection details of the BKA or with other special units of the German Police such as the protection unit for German Diplomatic Missions.
Deployments
Since its establishment ASE engaged in over 200 missions (as of 2019). Missions abroad have been conducted in Iraq, Mali, Pakistan, Israel, Lebanon, Yemen, Nigeria, Libya, Somalia among others.
Recent domestic deployments include the International Conference on Afghanistan, Bonn (2011), the 41st G7 summit in Bavaria and the 2017 G20 Hamburg summit.
Organisation
ASE is a sub-section of the BKA Protection Division in Berlin. It is composed of elite members of the BKA Protection Division chosen through a highly competitive and selective process. The unit is subdivided in two operational teams: ASE Alpha and ASE Bravo.
Selection and training
Members of the BKA and other German police services can apply for the selection process of the ASE.
During the selection process candidates have to complete the following tests
Physical fitness which includes a 3000 m run, benchpress and an obstacle course
Marksmanship and weapons handling
Self-defense and hand-to-hand fighting
Psychological examinations
Oral interviews
Upon successful completion of the selection phase, ASE operators attend the standard personal security detail training by the BKA's Protection Division and further specialization courses.
These involve advanced firearm handling, combatives, tactics in high-threat environments or advanced medical training.
Equipment
Weaponry
Assault rifle HK G36K
Assault rifle HK G36C
Submachine gun HK MP5
Submachine gun HK MP7
Pistol SIG Sauer P229.
Personal equipment
Further equipment depends on the theater and may include night vision goggles, plate carriers and ballistic helmets or ballistic shields.
Depending on the mission ASE operators are usually dressed in low-profile civilian attire or in khaki battle dress uniforms.
Vehicles
Mercedes-Benz G-Class
Armoured vehicles
The BKA does not have its own air assets so ASE operators use capabilities of the German Federal Police's aviation unit.
Further reading
Sören Sünkler: ASE SG BKA, Auslands- und Spezialeinsätze Sicherungsgruppe Bundeskriminalamt. In: Kommando-International Special Operations Magazine, Nr. 2/2019 März/April, ISSN 2196-1204, S. 4-23.
See also
PSA BPOL
DSS Mobile Security Deployments
Secret Service Counter Assault Team
External links
Video clip on the German Military's official YouTube channel on a joint training exercise of the German Military's special operations unit KSK and the BKA ASE.
References
Police units of Germany
Non-military counterterrorist organizations
Specialist law enforcement agencies of Germany
Protective security units
In spark ignition internal combustion engines, knocking (also knock, detonation, spark knock, pinging or pinking) occurs when combustion of some of the air/fuel mixture in the cylinder does not result from propagation of the flame front ignited by the spark plug, but one or more pockets of air/fuel mixture explode outside the envelope of the normal combustion front. The fuel-air charge is meant to be ignited by the spark plug only, and at a precise point in the piston's stroke. Knock occurs when the peak of the combustion process no longer occurs at the optimum moment for the four-stroke cycle. The shock wave creates the characteristic metallic "pinging" sound, and cylinder pressure increases dramatically. Effects of engine knocking range from inconsequential to completely destructive.
Knocking should not be confused with pre-ignition—they are two separate events. However, pre-ignition can be followed by knocking.
The phenomenon of detonation was described in November 1914 in a letter from Lodge Brothers (spark plug manufacturers, and sons of Sir Oliver Lodge) settling a discussion regarding the cause of "knocking" or "pinging" in motorcycles. In the letter they stated that an early ignition can give rise to the gas detonating instead of the usual expansion, and the sound that is produced by the detonation is the same as if the metal parts had been tapped with a hammer. It was further investigated and described by Harry Ricardo during experiments carried out between 1916 and 1919 to discover the reason for failures in aircraft engines.
Normal combustion
Under ideal conditions the common internal combustion engine burns the fuel/air mixture in the cylinder in an orderly and controlled fashion. The combustion is started by the spark plug some 10 to 40 crankshaft degrees prior to top dead center (TDC), depending on many factors including engine speed and load. This ignition advance allows time for the combustion process to develop peak pressure at the ideal time for maximum recovery of work from the expanding gases.
The spark across the spark plug's electrodes forms a small kernel of flame approximately the size of the spark plug gap. As it grows in size, its heat output increases, which allows it to grow at an accelerating rate, expanding rapidly through the combustion chamber. This growth is due to the travel of the flame front through the combustible fuel-air mix itself, and due to Rayleigh-Taylor instability (resulting from the hot, low-density combustion gasses expanding into the relatively cold and dense unburnt fuel-air mix) which rapidly stretches the burning zone into a complex of fingers of burning gas that have a much greater surface area than a simple spherical ball of flame would have (this latter process is enhanced and accelerated by any pre-existing turbulence in the fuel-air mixture). In normal combustion, this flame front moves throughout the fuel/air mixture at a rate characteristic for the particular mixture. Pressure rises smoothly to a peak, as nearly all the available fuel is consumed, then pressure falls as the piston descends. Maximum cylinder pressure is achieved a few crankshaft degrees after the piston passes TDC, so that the force applied on the piston (from the increasing pressure applied to the top surface of the piston) can give its hardest push precisely when the piston's speed and mechanical advantage on the crank shaft gives the best recovery of force from the expanding gases, thus maximizing torque transferred to the crankshaft.
Abnormal combustion
When unburned fuel/air mixture beyond the boundary of the flame front is subjected to a combination of heat and pressure for a certain duration (beyond the delay period of the fuel used), detonation may occur. Detonation is characterized by an almost instantaneous, explosive ignition of at least one pocket of fuel/air mixture outside of the flame front. A local shockwave is created around each pocket, and the cylinder pressure will rise sharply – and possibly beyond its design limits – causing damage. (Detonation is actually more efficient than deflagration, but is usually avoided due to its damaging effects on engine components.)
If detonation is allowed to persist under extreme conditions or over many engine cycles, engine parts can be damaged or destroyed. The simplest deleterious effects are typically particle wear caused by moderate knocking, which may further ensue through the engine's oil system and cause wear on other parts before being trapped by the oil filter. Such wear gives the appearance of erosion, abrasion, or a "sandblasted" look, similar to the damage caused by hydraulic cavitation. Severe knocking can lead to catastrophic failure in the form of physical holes melted and pushed through the piston or cylinder head (i.e., rupture of the combustion chamber), either of which depressurizes the affected cylinder and introduces large metal fragments, fuel, and combustion products into the oil system. Hypereutectic pistons are known to break easily from such shock waves.
Detonation can be prevented by any or all of the following techniques:
retarding ignition timing
the use of a fuel with high octane rating, which increases the combustion temperature of the fuel and reduces the proclivity to detonate
enriching the air–fuel ratio which alters the chemical reactions during combustion, reduces the combustion temperature and increases the margin to detonation
reducing peak cylinder pressure
decreasing the manifold pressure by reducing the throttle opening or boost pressure
reducing the load on the engine
Because pressure and temperature are strongly linked, knock can also be attenuated by controlling peak combustion chamber temperatures by compression ratio reduction, exhaust gas recirculation, appropriate calibration of the engine's ignition timing schedule, and careful design of the engine's combustion chambers and cooling system as well as controlling the initial air intake temperature.
The addition of certain materials such as lead and thallium will suppress detonation extremely well when certain fuels are used. The addition of tetraethyl lead (TEL), a soluble organolead compound added to gasoline, was common until it was discontinued for reasons of toxic pollution. Lead dust added to the intake charge will also reduce knock with various hydrocarbon fuels. Manganese compounds are also used to reduce knock with petrol fuel.
Knock is less common in cold climates. As an aftermarket solution, a water injection system can be employed to reduce combustion chamber peak temperatures and thus suppress detonation. Steam (water vapor) will suppress knock even though no added cooling is supplied.
Certain chemical changes must first occur for knock to happen, hence fuels with certain structures tend to knock more easily than others. Branched chain paraffins tend to resist knock while straight chain paraffins knock easily. It has been theorized that lead, steam, and the like interfere with some of the various oxidative changes that occur during combustion and hence reduce knock.
Turbulence, as stated, has a very important effect on knock. Engines with good turbulence tend to knock less than engines with poor turbulence. Turbulence occurs not only while the engine is inhaling but also when the mixture is compressed and burned. Many pistons are designed to use "squish" turbulence to violently mix the air and fuel together as they are ignited and burned, which reduces knock greatly by speeding up burning and cooling the unburnt mixture. One example of this is all modern side valve or flathead engines. A considerable portion of the headspace is made to come in close proximity to the piston crown, making for much turbulence near TDC. In the early days of side valve heads this was not done and a much lower compression ratio had to be used for any given fuel. Also such engines were sensitive to ignition advance and had less power.
Knocking is more or less unavoidable in diesel engines, where fuel is injected into highly compressed air towards the end of the compression stroke. There is a short lag between the fuel being injected and combustion starting. By this time there is already a quantity of fuel in the combustion chamber which will ignite first in areas of greater oxygen density prior to the combustion of the complete charge. This sudden increase in pressure and temperature causes the distinctive diesel 'knock' or 'clatter', some of which must be allowed for in the engine design.
Careful design of the injector pump, fuel injector, combustion chamber, piston crown and cylinder head can reduce knocking greatly, and modern engines using electronic common rail injection have very low levels of knock. Engines using indirect injection generally have lower levels of knock than direct injection engines, due to the greater dispersal of oxygen in the combustion chamber and lower injection pressures providing a more complete mixing of fuel and air. Diesels actually do not suffer exactly the same "knock" as gasoline engines since the cause is known to be only the very fast rate of pressure rise, not unstable combustion. Diesel fuels are actually very prone to knock in gasoline engines but in the diesel engine there is no time for knock to occur because the fuel is only oxidized during the expansion cycle. In the gasoline engine the fuel is slowly oxidizing all the time while it is being compressed before the spark. This allows for changes to occur in the structure/makeup of the molecules before the very critical period of high temperature/pressure.
Knock detection
Due to the large variation in fuel quality, atmospheric pressure and ambient temperature as well as the possibility of a malfunction, every modern combustion engine contains mechanisms to detect and prevent knocking.
A control loop is permanently monitoring the signal of one or more knock sensors (commonly piezoelectric sensor which are able to translate vibrations into an electric signal). If the characteristic pressure peak of a knocking combustion is detected the ignition timing is retarded by steps of a few degrees. If the signal normalizes indicating a controlled combustion the ignition timing is advanced again in the same fashion keeping the engine at its best possible operating point - the so-called ″knock limit″. Modern knock control-loop systems are able to adjust ignition timings for every cylinder individually. Depending on the specific engine the boost pressure is regulated simultaneously. This way performance is kept at It's optimum while mostly eliminating the risk of engine damage caused by knock e.g. when running on low octane fuel. An early example of this is in turbocharged Saab H engines, where a system called Automatic Performance Control was used to reduce boost pressure if it caused the engine to knock.
Knock prediction
Since the avoidance of knocking combustion is so important to development engineers, a variety of simulation technologies have been developed which can identify engine design or operating conditions in which knock might be expected to occur. This then enables engineers to design ways to mitigate knocking combustion whilst maintaining a high thermal efficiency.
Since the onset of knock is sensitive to the in-cylinder pressure, temperature and autoignition chemistry associated with the local mixture compositions within the combustion chamber, simulations which account for all of these aspects have thus proven most effective in determining knock operating limits and enabling engineers to determine the most appropriate operating strategy.
Knock control
The objective of knock control strategies is to attempt to optimize the trade-off between protecting the engine from damaging knock events and maximizing the engine's output torque. Knock events are an independent random process. It is impossible to design knock controllers in a deterministic platform. A single time history simulation or experiment of knock control methods are not able to provide a repeatable measurement of controller's performance because of the random nature of arriving knock events. Therefore, the desired trade-off must be done in a stochastic framework which could provide a suitable environment for designing and evaluating different knock control strategies performances with rigorous statistical properties.
References
Further reading
Predictive combustion simulations for “downsized” direct injection spark-ignition engines: solutions for pre-ignition (“mega-knock”), misfire, extinction, flame propagation and conventional “knock”, cmcl innovations, accessed June 2010.
Engine Basics: Detonation and Pre-Ignition, Allen W. Cline, accessed June 2007.
External links
NACA - Combustion and knock in a spark-ignition engine
NACA - Ionization in the knock zone of an internal combustion engine
NACA - Interdependence of various types of autoignition and knock
Engine fuel system technology
Engine problems
Engine sensors
Uraeginthus is a genus of small seed-eating birds in the family Estrildidae that are found in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The genus was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1851. The type species was subsequently designated as the red-cheeked cordon-bleu. The name Uraeginthus combines the Ancient Greek words oura "tail" and aiginthos for an unknown bird, perhaps a finch.
It contains the following three species:
References
Bird genera
Estrildidae
Waxbills
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Grape growing and wine production have a long history in Bulgaria, dating back to the times of the Thracians. Wine is, together with beer and grape rakia, among the most popular alcoholic beverages in the country.
Bulgaria was the world's fourth largest wine exporter in the 1980s, but the industry declined after the collapse of communism. Wine production is growing again, reaching 108 million litres in 2011, an increase of 4.9% from the previous year.
Viticultural regions
A government decree of 13 July 1960 officially divided Bulgaria into five distinct viticultural regions.
Danubian Plain (North Bulgarian)
The Danubian Plain or North Bulgarian region encompasses the south banks of the Danube and the central and western parts of the Danubian Plain. The climate of the area is temperate continental, has a hot summer and many sunny days a year. Typical styles are Muscat Ottonel, Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Chardonnay, Aligoté, Pamid and the local Gamza. In the US appellation also approved as "Danube River Plains" region.
Black Sea (East Bulgarian)
The Black Sea region is where 30% of all vines are located. The region is characterized by long and mild autumns that are a favourable condition for the accumulation of sugars to make fine white wine (53% of all white wine varietals are concentrated in the region). Wine styles include Dimyat, Riesling, Muscat Ottonel, Ugni blanc, Sauvignon blanc, Traminer, and Gewürztraminer. In the US appellation also approved as "Black Sea Coastal" region.
Rose Valley (Sub-Balkan)
The Rose Valley region is located south of the Balkan Mountains. It is divided into an eastern and western subregion, with styles such as Muscatel, Riesling, Rkatsiteli, Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot dominating. The region mostly produces dry and off-dry white wine and less red wine. The region includes the Sungurlare Valley, famous for its wine from the Red Misket grape variety. In the US appellation also approved as "Valley of the Roses" region.
Thracian Lowland (South Bulgarian)
The temperate continental climate in the area and the favourable distribution of precipitation are good premises for the developed red wine growing in the lowlands of Upper Thrace. The region includes the central part of the lowland, as well as parts of the Sakar mountain. Mavrud, a famous local wine, as well as Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Muscatel and Pamid are grown.
The Balkan Mountains serve to block the cold winds blowing from the plains of Russia, and the region to the south of the Balkans, the valley drained by the Maritsa River, has a Mediterranean climate, with mild, rainy winters and warm, dry summers. In the US appellation also approved as "Thracian Valley" region.
Struma River Valley (Southwest Bulgarian)
The region includes the southwestern parts of Bulgaria, the valley of the river Struma in the historical region of Macedonia. The area is small in size, but is climatically very distinct and characteristic, owing to the strong Mediterranean influence from the south. The local style Shiroka melnishka loza (taking its name from Melnik), as well as Cabernet Sauvignon and Merlot are cultivated.
See also
List of Bulgarian wine regions
Globalization of wine
Old World wine
References
External links
BulgarianWine.net, Bulgarian wine community and magazine
wineinbg.net, The wine community sharing knowledge about wines in Bulgaria
Vinoto.com, general Bulgarian website on wine
Bulgarian wine-producers
Vino.Start.bg, portal page
BulgarianWine.com - online store and the largest importer of Bulgarian wines in the US. Leading brand - VINI, made especially for the North American market.
Wine in Bulgaria — Regions. Retrieved from Vinoto.com, 26 March 2006.
Bulgarian Wines - FAQ. Retrieved from BulgarianWine.com, 26 September 2006.
The Honourable Dame Elizabeth Susan Cunliffe-Lister, DCVO (née Whitelaw; born 1944), commonly known by their middle name Susan, served as the Lord Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire from 2005 until their retirement in 2019.
Born in 1944, they are the daughter of the Conservative politician William Whitelaw, who was created Viscount Whitelaw in 1983. In 1966, they married Nicholas Cunliffe-Lister, who became Earl of Swinton in 2006; they divorced in 1996, but they continue to use their married name.  They are a gardener and managed the Burton Agnes Hall estate in Yorkshire from 1989 until 2008. They were appointed a Deputy Lieutenant for the East Riding of Yorkshire in 1996, served as High Sheriff of the Riding in the 2001–02 year, and became its Lord Lieutenant in 2005.
In the 2019 New Year Honours, Cunliffe-Lister was appointed a Dame Commander of the Royal Victorian Order by The Queen in recognition of their many years of service as the Lord Lieutenant of the East Riding of Yorkshire.
References
Living people
1944 births
Dames Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Daughters of viscounts
Antoine Simon Durrieu was a French General and politician. They were born on 20 July 1775 in Grenade-sur-l'Adour (Landes) and died on 7 April 1862 in Saint-Sever (Landes).
Life
Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars
Son of a notary, they studied at the seminary of Aire-sur-l'Adour and left it in 1793 to go, with the corps of the National Guards of Bayonne, to the banks of the Bidasoa to keep the positions that the troop of line could not occupy at the borders. In 1795, they became Captain of the Basque volunteers. They then joined in 1795 in the Army of the Eastern Pyrenees. Following the peace concluded with Spain, they crossed into Italy and fought in Tyrol with Generals Joubert and Belliard. After Malta, they also distinguished themselves at the battle of the Pyramids (21 July 1798) in the French Army of the Orient commanded by General Bonaparte.
After their return to France for health reasons, they courageously fought in the battles of Engen, Messkirch, Biberach, Marengo and Pozzolo. They nevertheless remained Captain for fourteen years. Having been wounded in Calabria under the orders of General Masséna, they were finally appointed Battalion Commander in 1807, and eighteen months later, Colonel on the battlefield of Wagram (5–6 July 1809). On 9 May 1811, Napoleon made them Knight of the Empire. During the campaign of Russia in 1812, they became chief of the general staff of Prince Eugène de Beauharnais, who noticed their conduct at the Battle of Borodino on September 7.
The defense of Glogau was entrusted to him. They took part in the battles of Lützen and Bautzen (1813). Became Brigadier General on 3 June 1813, they locked themselves up with a strong detachment in Torgau on the Elbe, where an epidemic fever consumed 25,000 men. Attacked by the Prussians, they resisted them but was taken prisoner in 1814. They were released after the fall of the Empire.
Back in France, during the invasion of 1815, they were division's head at the Ministry of War. The return of Napoleon during the Hundred-Days having called them back to activity, they took part in the fights at the battle of Ligny (Fleurus) and was wounded at the battle of Waterloo on 18 June 1815.
Napoleon Bonaparte had said of Durrieu: "If all those who were responsible for defending the soil of France had resembled Durrieu, the soil would never have been insulted by being trampled on by the foreigner."
Expeditions in the Mediterranean
Rallied to the Restoration, they were appointed in 1818, one of the sixteen Field Marshals of the royal staff. They participated as Chief of the General Staff in the Spain expedition (1823), then in the Morea expedition (1828) during the Greek War of Independence.
In Greece, in the Peloponnese, they liberated the city of Modon (7 October 1828) and took the “castle of Morea” in Patras (30 October 1828) from the Turkish-Egyptian occupation troops of Ibrahim Pasha. Marshal Maison, under the command of whom they served, and himself, left the Greek soil after 8 months of mission, on 22 May 1829, after having completely liberated Greece from the occupier. During this campaign, on 22 February 1829, they were promoted by King Charles X, General of division, then on their return to France, Baron on 30 June 1830.
Parliamentary activities
Under the July Monarchy, entrusted with the command of the division of Ajaccio, Durrieu received the title of General Inspector of Infantry in 1833. Candidate of the government, they were elected deputy of the Landes (district of Saint-Sever) in the Chamber of Deputies for five successive terms (from 1834 to 1845, 2nd–6th legislature). Appointed Pair of France by King Louis-Philippe on 14 August 1845, they also sat in the Chamber of Peers between 1845 and 1848.
During the Revolution of 1848, they were placed on retirement as a General of division on 30 May 1848, after 54 years of service in the French Army. On May 11, 1851, they were recalled by the voters of the Landes to replace the economist Frédéric Bastiat at the Assembly, and was elected as a Representative of the People at the National Legislative Assembly of the Second Republic for one term.
They retired to Saint-Sever for a definitive retirement, and died there on 7 April 1862. Their tomb in the municipal cemetery is surmounted by an Egyptian pyramid, probably in memory of the memorable Napoleonic campaign of 1798.
Decorations, military ranks and representative positions
Name engraved under the Arc de Triomphe (Eastern pillar, Column 19)
1st Baron Durrieu on 30 June 1830.
Pair of France on 14 August 1845.
Deputy of the district of the Landes (1834–1851)
French decorations:
Knight of the Order of Saint-Louis.
Knight of the Legion of Honour on 13 February 1809.
Officier of the Legion of Honour on 24 August 1814.
Commander of the Legion of Honour on 29 October 1828.
Grand-officier of the Legion of Honour on 5 January 1834.
Grand-croix of the Legion of Honour on 24 October 1859.
Foreign decorations:
Knight of the Order of the Iron Crown. (Kingdom of Italy)
Grand-croix of the Order of Isabella the Catholic (Spain) in 1823.
Grand-croix of the Order of the Redeemer (Greece)
Successive military ranks:
Captain (1793)
Battalion Commander (Chef de bataillon) (1807)
Colonel (1809)
Brigadier General (Général de brigade) (1813)
Field Marshal (Maréchal de camp) (1818)
Divisional general (Général de division) (22 February 1829).
Annexes
Bibliography
"Antoine Simon Durrieu", in Charles Mullié, Biographie des célébrités militaires des armées de terre et de mer de 1789 à 1850, 1852.
Antoine Simon Durrieu's personal papers are kept at the National Archives under the reference 229AP
External links
Resources related to their public life: Base Léonore ; Base Sycomore :
(National Order of the Legion of Honour)
"List of the parliamentary terms of Antoine, Simon Durrieu (1775 - 1862)". Base Sycomore. (French National Assembly)
Defence Historical Service – Fort de Vincennes :
File S.H.A.T. Reference : 7 Yd 1 091.
Reference S.H.A.T., state of services, distinctions.
Simon Durrieu.
Antoine Simon Durrieu.
Linked articles
Morea expedition
List of members of the Morea expedition (1828-1833)
Notes and references
1775 births
1862 deaths
People from Landes (department)
Orléanists
Members of the 2nd Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Members of the 3rd Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Members of the 4th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Members of the 5th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Members of the 6th Chamber of Deputies of the July Monarchy
Members of the Chamber of Peers of the July Monarchy
Members of the National Legislative Assembly of the French Second Republic
Generals of the First French Empire
French military personnel of the French Revolutionary Wars
Names inscribed under the Arc de Triomphe
Grand Croix of the Légion d'honneur
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of Isabella the Catholic
Knights of the Order of Saint Louis
Knights of the First French Empire
Politicians from Nouvelle-Aquitaine
Telephone numbers in Madagascar are seven digits long, the first two digits being an area code.
Recent ITU documents suggest the area code is preceded by a two digit operator code, for example "20" for Telecom Malagasy.
International numbering plan
International numbering format: +261 AB Z PQMCDU
where:
+261 international prefix
AB operator code (two digits for each operator)
Z area code (described as administrative area)
PQMCDU subscriber number
Country code 261
Country code 261 for all existing telecommunication networks in Madagascar.
AB – operator code
Each operator is identified by two digits described by the characters AB:
20-29 identification code for fixed service operators,
30-39 identification code for mobile service operators
Z – area code valid for Telecom Malagasy (fixed-service operator)
Madagascar is divided into six zones:
Z = 2 Antananarivo zone
Z = 4 Antananarivo zone (rest of the province)
Z = 5 Toamasina zone
Z = 6 Mahajanga zone
Z = 7 Fianarantsoa zone
Z = 8 Antsiranana zone
Z = 9 Toliara zone
National numbering plan
At national level, a closed numbering system of seven digits is used. That is, all subscriber numbers requested to the same operator Telecom Malagasy (local and national) can be obtained by dialling seven digits (ZPQMCDU).
List of National Destination codes in Madagascar
List of area codes in Madagascar
References
Madagascar
Communications in Madagascar
Telephone numbers
The Galicia women's football team is the official football team of the Spanish autonomous community of Galicia. It is organised by the Galician Football Federation. It is not affiliated with FIFA or UEFA and therefore it is only allowed to play friendly matches.
Results
Players
Current squad
The following players were called up for the match against Catalonia on 22 December 2016.
Caps and goals as of 31 December 2016
Head coach: Pilar Neira
|-----
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#FFDEAD" align="left" | Goalkeeper
|----- bgcolor="#FFECCE"
|-----
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#B0D3FB" align="left" | Defender
|----- bgcolor="#E7FAEC"
|-----
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#BBF0C9" align="left" | Midfielder
|----- bgcolor="#DFEDFD"
|-----
! colspan="9" bgcolor="#FFACB3" align="left" | Forward
|----- bgcolor="#FFD2D6"
Recent call-ups
Notable players
Galician players who represented FIFA international teams
See also
Galicia men's national football team
Football in Galicia (Spain)
Spanish autonomous women's football teams
James Mitchell "Mike" DeBardeleben Jr. (March 20, 1940 – January 26, 2011) was an American convicted kidnapper, rapist, counterfeiter, and suspected serial killer who became known as the "mall passer" due to their practice of passing counterfeit bills in shopping malls bordering interstate highways across the United States.
After their arrest for counterfeiting, the Secret Service found evidence linking them to much more serious sex crimes. They were sentenced to 375 years in federal prison. Although they were never brought to trial for murder, they were the principal suspect in two homicides and they remain a suspect in several others. They died of pneumonia at the Federal Medical Center in Butner, North Carolina, in early 2011.
Background
DeBardeleben was born in March 1940 in Little Rock, Arkansas, the second of three children born to James Mitchell DeBardeleben Sr. and Mary Lou Edwards DeBardeleben. The DeBardelebens were a military family who moved frequently. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, James DeBardeleben Sr. took a commission as a lieutenant in the United States Army, and was posted to Washington, D.C., for the duration of World War II. Mike's younger brother Ralph later became a U.S. Army paratrooper.
In 1945, the family moved to Austin, Texas, and James Sr. was shipped out to the South Pacific for nine months. In 1949, the family moved briefly to Kentucky before relocating to Frankfurt, Germany. In 1950, James Sr. was promoted to lieutenant colonel, and the family moved to The Hague in the Netherlands, where James Sr. served for two years as a military adviser for the U.S. Embassy. In 1953, James Sr. retired from the army, and took a federal civil service post in Albany, New York.
The marriage between DeBardeleben's parents was unstable and chaotic and both had many extramarital affairs. At one point, their parents had considered divorce as a result of these affairs, but ultimately chose to stay married for the sake of the children. DeBardeleben's mother was a sexually promiscuous and emotionally unstable alcoholic, whose behavior could become violent at times. Their mother often neglected the children when their husband was away, preferring to spend much of their time at the bars drinking and picking up men. Mike's sister, Linda, became a caretaker for their younger brothers. It was during this period that DeBardeleben began to develop a deep hatred of their mother, which would eventually crystallize into a hatred of women in general.
As a child, DeBardeleben was subjected to considerable abuse and neglect by both their mother and father. Their father was a punitive man who was very critical of their children and almost never praised them for their accomplishments. When DeBardeleben was younger, their father would punish them by holding their head underwater in a bathtub as well as switching him. According to their siblings, these punishments began before they were old enough to attend school.
Even from an early age, DeBardeleben was a quiet loner, detached from the other children. According to their own account and that of their sister, they preferred solitary activities and spent a great deal of time drawing and sketching in their room. These sorts of activities became an escape for them and a way to express himself, from which they "derived much inner satisfaction".
In adolescence, DeBardeleben began to exhibit antisocial behavior and aggressiveness toward others. In 1956, at the age of 16, DeBardeleben physically assaulted their mother for the first time.  They are also alleged to have threatened their mother at times with a hatchet or a letter opener. On September 8 of that year, they purchased two handguns and ammunition with a friend. Later that month, they were arrested and convicted of their first felony, possessing a concealed firearm. This arrest was the first of many that followed, on sodomy, attempted murder, kidnapping, and other charges.
Adult life
In the spring of 1957, DeBardeleben was expelled from Peter Schuyler High School, which effectively ended their formal education. In October of that year, they enlisted in the U.S. Air Force and was stationed at the Lackland Air Force Base in Texas. After only a year, they were court-martialed for disorderly behavior and sentenced to two months in the base stockade. In 1958, they were ordered to see a psychiatrist for counseling after they were pronounced AWOL several times. At the age of eighteen, they were discharged from the Air Force and moved in with relatives in Fort Worth, Texas.
In 1959, DeBardeleben attempted school again, enrolling in R. L. Paschal High School, but after three months was expelled. In August of that year, they married their first wife, Linda Weir, but three weeks later separated from them Also that month, they were arrested for attempted robbery with an accomplice, followed two weeks later by their involvement in a string of auto thefts, and was sentenced to five years' probation. In October, they fathered a premature stillborn daughter with an unidentified woman.
DeBardeleben later met Charlotte Weber, who was seventeen at the time they started courting them At the time, DeBardeleben lived at home with their parents, terrorizing their family. Both of their parents feared them and deemed them capable of killing them. Weber recalls how DeBardeleben's family endured violent outbursts in which they "lit fires in their room" and "kicked doors in". Nonetheless, Weber described DeBardeleben as a "handsome young rebel" with whom they were "enthralled".
In March 1960, they impregnated Charlotte and on June 9 the same year, married them On December 12, 1960, they fathered a daughter, Bethene. Charlotte described them as preoccupied with vanity and being cold and detached but not abusive. Later wives described how DeBardeleben tortured and abused them. DeBardeleben fathered a second child with Charlotte, but was forced by their parents to give the child up for adoption. In August 1961, their 19-year-old brother Ralph, who was home on leave from the Army but staying in a motel due to an argument with DeBardeleben, committed suicide in a church parking lot by asphyxiating themselves with their car exhaust. They had stated to their sister that they intended not to return when their leave was up; DeBardeleben later blamed their brother's suicide on severe depression arising from rigorous paratrooper training, a girlfriend rejecting him, and, as the underlying cause, the same deprived home environment that they claimed created him.
Counterfeiting
In the early 1980s, the United States Secret Service believed they had found a geographical pattern to a string of counterfeiting cases, and distributed composite sketches to clerks in stores they projected they would visit in the future based on that pattern. This led to DeBardeleben's arrest. In DeBardeleben's car more counterfeit $20 bills were found, each labeled with the city in which they would be passed.
During the search for the equipment with which the notes had been made, photographs were found depicting the rapes and murders of women. FBI profilers speculate that in photographs where their face is seen along with the victim's, they murdered the woman and disposed of their body; whereas in photographs where they are hiding their face, they allowed the victim to live. DeBardeleben represented themselves in court, and was convicted of multiple crimes and sentenced to 375 years in federal prison.
In personality, DeBardeleben displayed marked schizoid and narcissistic traits, along with the symptoms of psychopathy. They also exemplified all eight of the outdated DSM-III-R criteria for sadistic personality disorder. DeBardeleben was characterized as having a 'Jekyll and Hyde' personality, whose demeanor could shift from affable to extremely cruel. The DSM-IV cites DeBardeleben as an example of both sexual sadism and antisocial personality disorder.
Death
On January 26, 2011, DeBardeleben died of pneumonia at the Federal Medical Center in Butner, North Carolina.
See also
List of serial killers in the United States
References
External links
First chapter of Stephen Michaud's book Lethal Shadow, about DeBardeleben
1940 births
2011 deaths
People from Little Rock, Arkansas
American counterfeiters
American rapists
People with antisocial personality disorder
People with sexual sadism disorder
People with sadistic personality disorder
Deaths from pneumonia in North Carolina
Suspected serial killers
Almajeq (, also Romanized as Ālmājeq, Ālmajeq, and Ālmajoq) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,291, in 312 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Cayetano Santos Godino (October 31, 1896 – November 15, 1944), also known as "El Petiso Orejudo" ("The Big-Eared Midget"), was an Argentinian serial killer who terrorized Buenos Aires at age 16. In the early 20th century they were responsible for the murder of four children, the attempted murder of another seven children, and seven counts of arson.
Early life
Cayetano was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, one of eight boys. Their father and mother, Fiore Godino and Lucia Ruffo, were italians who chose to disembark in Argentina hoping to improve their life but they were abusive alcoholics. Cayetano's father contracted syphilis before Cayetano was born, causing them to experience serious childhood health problems.
Early signs of social mismanagement
Starting in childhood, Cayetano killed cats and birds, and enjoyed playing with fire. Their violent behavior and lack of interest in education caused them to move from school to school.
In 1904 when they were seven years old, Cayetano beat two-year-old Miguel de Paoli and threw them into a ditch. A nearby official saw this and led the children to the police station, where their mothers picked them up a few hours later.
The next year, 1905, Cayetano beat Ana Neri, a child in their neighborhood, with a stone. A police officer intervened, but Cayetano was released from jail due to their young age.
In 1906, Cayetano killed three-year-old Maria Rosa Face. It was their first murder, but it went unnoticed and would only be discovered years later when they confessed to the police himself. They said that in 1906 they took a girl, about three years old, to the wasteland on Rio de Janeiro Street, where they attempted to strangle them Then they buried them alive in a ditch, which they covered with cans. The authorities, upon learning of this crime, moved to the site but found that a two-story house had been built there. However, a missing-persons complaint dated 29 March 1906 of a three-year-old girl named Maria Rosa Face was filed at the 10th police station. The missing girl was never found.
When they were 10, Cayetano's parents grew tired of their compulsive masturbation and irreverence. Not knowing what to do, their father reported them to the police, resulting in a two-month jail term for him.
Crime spree
On January 17, 1912, Cayetano set fire to a warehouse on Corrientes Street. When they were arrested, they told police, "I like to see firefighters working. It's nice to see how they fall into the fire." On January 26, 1912, Arturo Laurona, 13, was found dead in an abandoned house. A month and a half later, on March 7, 1912, Cayetano set fire to the dress of 5-year-old Reyna Vainicoff, who did not recover and died some days later.
In late September, 1912, they set fire to a railway station. The fire was extinguished without extensive damage. On November 8, 1912, they tried to choke 8-year-old Roberto Russo. They were arrested and charged with attempted murder, but was released until the trial. On November 16, 1912, they assaulted three-year-old Carmen Ghittoni, who suffered minor wounds before a police officer intervened and Cayetano ran off. On November 20, 1912, they kidnapped two-year-old Carolina Neolener, who cried out and was rescued by a neighbor. Later that month, they set fire to two large sheds, but the fires were quickly extinguished.
On December 3, 1912, Cayetano saw 3-year-old Jesualdo Giordano playing outside their house and offered to buy the boy some sweets to convince them to go with him. Providing a few sweets and offering more, Cayetano took Giordano to a country house. When they were inside, they threw them to the floor and unsuccessfully tried to choke them with their belt. Then they cut their belt and tied their hands and legs. They started beating them and considered hammering their head. They left the house looking for a nail and saw Giordano's father, to whom they said they did not know where the boy was. They then re-entered the house with the nail. They hammered it into the side of Giordano's skull and hid the corpse. The body was found by the father minutes later. At 8:00 PM, Cayetano went to the wake and touched the skull where they had fixed the nail. At 5:30 a.m. on December 4, 1912, they were arrested by police, confessing to their crimes.
Jail
On January 4, 1913, they entered a reformatory, where they tried to kill some of the inmates. Because medical reports declared them insane, the judge discontinued the case and ordered them to stay in the reformatory. On November 12, 1915, an appeal was approved ordering them to be moved to jail on November 20.
On March 28, 1923, Cayetano was transferred to Ushuaia Penitentiary. Throughout 1933 they spent some time in the hospital for a beating they suffered from inmates after they killed two of their pet cats. From 1935 onwards, they were always ill and received no visitors until they died on November 15, 1944 under suspicious circumstances.
See also
List of serial killers by country
Mateo Banks
Robledo Puch
Ricardo Barreda
References
Bibliography
Santos Godino (Spanish)
1896 births
1944 deaths
Argentine arsonists
Argentine murderers of children
Argentine people convicted of murder
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine people who died in prison custody
Argentine serial killers
Male serial killers
People convicted of murder by Argentina
People from Buenos Aires
Prisoners who died in Argentine detention
Serial killers who died in prison custody
Reginald Denham (10 January 1894 – 4 February 1983) was an English writer, theatre and film director, actor and film producer.
Biography
Reginald H. F. Denham was born in London, England, in 1894.
They spent a good part of their career directing Broadway theatre, with a career spanning from the melodrama Rope's End (1929) by Patrick Hamilton, to the courtroom drama Hostile Witness (1966). In 1930 they produced the First World War drama Suspense in the West End.
They were married to Irish actor Moyna Macgill (1919–1924), English actor Lilian Oldland, and American actor and writer Mary Orr (from 1947 until their death). While they were married, Denham and Orr were writing partners. Their daughter with Macgill, Isolde Denham, married actor Peter Ustinov when they were both 19.
They died following a stroke in Englewood, New Jersey.
Credits
Writer
Paradies der alten Damen (1971) (TV) (criminal play)
The Mad Room (1969) (earlier screenplay) (play Ladies in Retirement)
Lux Video Theatre (2 episodes, 1954–1957)
Dark Hammock (1957) TV episode (play, with Mary Orr)
Ladies in Retirement (1954) TV episode (play, with Mary Orr)
Alfred Hitchcock Presents (1 episode, 1956)
Help Wanted (1956) TV episode (adaptation, with Mary Orr)
The Motorola Television Hour (1 episode, 1954)
A Dash of Bitters (1954) TV episode (teleplay, with Mary Orr)
Broadway Television Theatre (1 episode, 1952)
Suspect (1952) TV episode (play, with Mary Orr)
Mr. & Mrs. North (1952) TV series (unknown episodes)
Suspense (4 episodes, 1949–1950)
The Suicide Club (1950) TV episode
Help Wanted (1949) TV episode (with Mary Orr)
Murder Through the Looking Glass (1949) TV episode (teleplay)
Dead Ernest (1949) TV episode
Wallflower (1944) (play, with Mary Orr)
Ladies in Retirement (1941) (play) (screenplay)
Suspect (1939) (TV)
Trunk Crime (1939) (play)
Calling the Tune (1936)
Ebb Tide (1932)
Hombre que asesinó, El (1931) (adaptation)
Stamboul (1931)
Director
Blind Folly (1940)
Flying Fifty-Five (1939)
Kate Plus Ten (1938)
a.k.a. Queen of Crime (USA)
a.k.a. The Vanishing Train (USA: TV title)
Dreams Come True (1936)
The House of the Spaniard (1936)
Calling the Tune (1936)
The Crimson Circle (1936)
Lucky Days (1935)
The Silent Passenger (1935)
The Village Squire (1935)
The Price of Wisdom (1935)
Lieut. Daring R.N. (1935)
a.k.a. Lieutenant Daring R.N.
Borrow a Million (1934)
Death at Broadcasting House (1934)
a.k.a. Death at a Broadcast (USA)
a.k.a. Death of a Broadcast
The Primrose Path (1934)
Brides to Be (1934)
Lucky Loser (1934)
Called Back (1933)
The Jewel (1933)
Producer
The Primrose Path (1934)
Brides to Be (1934)
Actor
Nothing Else Matters as Flash Harry (1920)
References
External links
1894 births
1983 deaths
20th-century English male actors
20th-century English screenwriters
English male silent film actors
English film directors
English film producers
English male screenwriters
Male actors from London
20th-century English male writers
20th-century English businesspeople
British emigrants to the United States
is a Zazen Buddhist temple in Naha, Okinawa. Established in 1367, the temple served as a major national temple for the Okinawan kingdom of Chūzan and the unified Ryūkyū Kingdom which would follow. It is well known for its associations with Christian missionary Bernard Jean Bettelheim and with the 1853-1854 visits by Commodore Matthew Perry to Okinawa.
History
The temple was first founded in 1367, by a Japanese monk from Satsuma province by the name of Raijū and with the patronage of the royal government of Chūzan, as a companion to the Naminoue Shrine already located on the bluff, overlooking the beach and ocean.
Loochoo Naval Mission
Centuries later, in 1846, the temple was taken over by the doctor and Christian missionary Bernard Jean Bettelheim, who occupied it for seven years, driving off Buddhist worshipers and the temple's rightful occupants. Working as a lay medical missionary under the auspices of the Loochoo Naval Mission, when Bettelheim's ship, HMS Starling, arrived at Naha, the Okinawan port master protested that they should not be allowed to disembark. HMS Starling's captain wished to honor this request, but Bettelheim made their way ashore anyway and ended up being offered shelter in the Gokoku-ji for that night; they would not leave for seven years. Turning away worshipers and monks alike by suggesting that they were trying to observe their wife, Bettelheim boarded up the temple's sanctuary and threw out much of what they called "the heathen furniture of idolatry".
The Ryukyuan royal government soon deemed it necessary to keep an eye on Bettelheim, who had become more than a nuisance, and a serious burden upon the local community. A guard post was erected just outside the temple grounds, and a detachment of men was assigned to both watch over the temple and to accompany the missionary as they traveled about the area.
Visit of Commodore Perry
When the American Commodore Matthew Perry arrived in 1853, Bettelheim served for a time as translator and intermediary. Over the missionary's objections, the Commodore established an American base within the grounds of the Gokoku-ji, including a fenced-off area for grazing cattle, something which drew strong protest from the Ryukyuan authorities. When Perry departed from their second visit to Okinawa a year later (having left and returned once in the interim), they were offered, among other gifts from the Kingdom to the United States, a temple bell from Shuri. This was found to be imperfect, so a bell from the Gokoku-ji was offered instead. This bell had been forged in 1456, during the reign of Shō Taikyū. The inscription upon it reads in part "May the sound of this bell shatter illusory dreams, perfect the souls of humankind, and enable the King and their subjects to live so virtuously that barbarians will find no occasion to invade the Kingdom." It being part of the Bettelheim residence, which had been desecrated and not used as a place of worship for roughly eight years, the Ryukyuan authorities were willing to part with it; Bettelheim likewise expressed elation in their diary at seeing the heathen temple further dismantled. Intended by Perry to be installed in or near the Washington Monument then under construction, the associated committee turned down the suggestion, and the bell was instead donated to the U.S. Naval Academy at Annapolis, where it was kept and rung in celebration of Navy victories in the annual Army–Navy football game, until it was finally returned to Japan in 1987.
Bettelheim left Okinawa with Perry, restoring the temple to its proper occupants and purpose. In 1871, a Ryukyuan ship was blown off course by a storm and landed on Taiwan where, following a conflict with local Paiwan aborigines, a number of Okinawans were killed. This became an international incident as Japan and China disagreed over the sovereignty of both Okinawa and Taiwan, and thus over whether China owed any form of restitution to Japan. The remains of the Okinawans killed were said to have been recovered and were buried at the Gokoku-ji, a grand ritual performed for them, who were said to have died in the service of the State.
Destroyed in the 1945 battle of Okinawa, the temple was rebuilt shortly afterwards and remains operational today. A stone erected in 1926 as a memorial to Dr. Bettelheim also remains or has been reconstructed.
See also
For an explanation of terms concerning Japanese Buddhism, Japanese Buddhist art, and Japanese Buddhist temple architecture, see the Glossary of Japanese Buddhism.
References
Kerr, George H. (2000). Okinawa: the History of an Island People. (revised ed.) Boston: Tuttle Publishing.
.
Buildings and structures completed in 1367
Buddhist temples in Okinawa Prefecture
1367 establishments in Asia
1945 disestablishments in Asia
1360s establishments in Japan
Ryukyu Kingdom
Kōyasan Shingon temples
Buddhism in the Ryukyu Islands
Jingū-ji
Matukpur is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,724, in 404 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Rhizagrotis stylata is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by John Bernhardt Smith in 1893. It is found in North America from south-eastern Alberta south to at least Arizona.
The wingspan is 38–40 mm.
Subspecies
Rhizagrotis stylata stylata
Rhizagrotis stylata arida
References
Cuculliinae
Moths of North America
The French Southern and Antarctic Territories (, abbreviated TAAF) is a French overseas territory consisting of Adélie Land in coastal Antarctica and several islands in the southern Indian Ocean: the Crozet Islands, the Kerguelen Islands, Amsterdam Island and Île Saint-Paul. The territory was created on 6 August 1955, before which all were dependencies of Madagascar.
Early postal history
From 1906 to 1926, stamps of France were used in the Kerguelen Islands, cancelled by the Resident's cachet. Letters from there are known to have been routed via Madagascar, Cape Town and Durban in South Africa, and Bunbury, Australia.
First stamps
The TAAF used stamps of Madagascar from 1948 to 1955. On 26 October 1948, to commemorate the discovery of Adélie Land in 1840 by Jules Dumont d'Urville and publicize French claims to the region, a 100 franc Madagascar airmail stamp was overprinted TERRE ADÉLIE DUMONT D'URVILLE. On 6 August 1955, owing to Madagascar's imminent independence, the TAAF was organized as a separate entity. Its first stamp, a 15 franc stamp of Madagascar overprinted TERRES AUSTRALES ET ANTARCTIQUES FRANÇAISES, was released on 28 October 1955 and the first non-overprinted stamps were released on 25 April 1956. These consisted of a set of six regular issues in denominations from 50 centimes to 15 francs which depicted indigenous wildlife and scenery and two airmail stamps in denominations of 50 and 100 francs which depicted emperor penguins.
Current status
The TAAF was administered from France until 2004. Since then it has been administered from the Indian Ocean island of Réunion, a French overseas department. Since achieving the territorial status it has issued a number of stamps, many of which depict wildlife of the southern oceans and Antarctica or honour polar explorers and researchers.
Notes
Further reading
Couesnon, Pierre and André Guyader. Histoire Postale des Terres Australes et Antarctiques Françaises. Le Faou: Imprimerie Sofag, 1999 , 320p.
Dupraz, Gérard et al. Terres Australes et Antarctiques Françaises: catalogue spécialisé. France: Ed. du Pôle Sud, 1982, 216p.
Joffre, Lucien. Histoire des Timbres et Obliterations des Terres Australes et Antarctiques Francaise. Paris: "Le Monde des philatélistes", 1978, 56p.
Showalter, Stan Dr. The Official Catalog of French Antarctic Stamps. New York: F.A.A., 1982, 32p.
Tristant, Henri. Terres Australes et Antarctiques Françaises: Philatélie, Histoire Postale. Paris: H. Tristant, 1974, 296p.
Antarctica
French Southern and Antarctic Territories
French Southern and Antarctic Lands
Todd Dunivant (born December 26, 1980) is an American former soccer player who played 13 years in Major League Soccer winning 5 MLS Cup trophies. After retirement they spearheaded the San Francisco Deltas professional soccer team as the Director of Soccer Operations and Business Development —winning the NASL Championship in its expansion season. They currently serve as the general manager of Sacramento Republic FC.
Career
College and amateur
In high school, Dunivant won two Colorado state championships in 1997 and 1998 at Dakota Ridge High School. Dunivant was also an exemplary
student, being Valedictorian for their class of 1999.
Dunivant played college soccer at Stanford University from 1999 to 2002. Dunivant appeared in 81 Games at Stanford and was the only player in the nation to be both First Team All-American and First Team Academic All-American in 2002. They led the Cardinal to back Final Fours in 2001 and 2002. They graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Economics in 3.33 years.
Playing career
Dunivant was the first college senior taken in the 2003 MLS SuperDraft and was selected sixth overall by the San Jose Earthquakes. Dunivant started all thirty of the team's games that year, while scoring one goal and six assists, as the Quakes won its second MLS Cup. They were traded to Los Angeles Galaxy in 2005 in a four-player deal and played every minute for the Galaxy, as they won the MLS Cup and U.S. Open Cup double.[1] Dunivant was eventually traded to the New York Red Bulls, where they made twenty-two appearances during the 2006-07 seasons.
Dunivant was acquired by expansion side Toronto FC on June 27, 2007, in a trade for Kevin Goldthwaite. Dunivant played 18 games for Toronto in their first season, all of them starts. Dunivant was traded back to the Los Angeles Galaxy on February 3, 2009, in exchange for allocation money. They spent seven more seasons with the Galaxy, collecting 3 more MLS Cups (2011, 2012, 2014), 2 supporter shields (2010, 2011).
Dunivant retired from soccer at the end of the 2015 MLS season with 25 MLS Playoff appearances, 5 MLS Cup Championships (second most all-time), a 2011 Best XI Selection and a 4x Humanitarian of the Year Recipient.[2] Those accomplishments suggest that Dunivant "was arguably the best left fullback in the league during their career - certainly one of the most consistent players in MLS."
Dunivant got their first cap for the United States national team on January 29, 2006, against Norway where they recorded 2 assists. They then started in a 3–2 victory over Japan on February 11, 2006.
Honors
Club
LA Galaxy
Major League Soccer MLS Cup: 2005, 2011, 2012, 2014
Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup: 2005
Major League Soccer Supporter's Shield: 2010, 2011
Major League Soccer Western Conference Championship: 2005, 2009, 2011
San Jose Earthquakes
Major League Soccer MLS Cup: 2003
Individual
Major League Soccer MLS Best XI: 2011
References
External links
1980 births
Living people
All-American men's college soccer players
American expatriate soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Canada
American soccer players
Association football defenders
Colorado Rapids U-23 players
Expatriate soccer players in Canada
LA Galaxy players
LA Galaxy II players
Major League Soccer players
New York Red Bulls players
People from Wheat Ridge, Colorado
San Jose Earthquakes draft picks
San Jose Earthquakes players
Soccer players from Colorado
Stanford Cardinal men's soccer players
Toronto FC players
United States men's international soccer players
USL Championship players
USL League Two players
Hans-Egon Richert (June 2, 1924 – November 25, 1993) was a German mathematician who worked primarily in analytic number theory.  They are the author (with Heini Halberstam) of a definitive book on sieve theory.
Life and education
Hans-Egon Richert was born in 1924 in Hamburg, Germany. They attended the University of Hamburg and received their Ph.D under Max Deuring in 1950. They held a temporary chair at the University of Göttingen and then a newly created chair at the University of Marburg. In 1972 they moved to the University of Ulm, where they remained until their retirement in 1991. They died on November 25, 1993 in Blaustein, near Ulm, Germany.
Work
Richert worked primarily in analytic number theory, and beginning around 1965 started a collaboration with Heini Halberstam and shifted their focus to sieve theory. For many years they were a chairperson of the Analytic Number Theory meetings at the Mathematical Research Institute of Oberwolfach.
Analytic number theory
Richert made contributions to additive number theory, Dirichlet series, Riesz summability, the multiplicative analog of the Erdős–Fuchs theorem, estimates of the number of non-isomorphic abelian groups, and bounds for exponential sums. They proved the exponent 15/46 for the Dirichlet divisor problem, a record that stood for many years.
Sieve methods
One of Richert's notable results was the Jurkat–Richert theorem, joint work with Wolfgang B. Jurkat that improved the Selberg sieve and is used in the proof of Chen's theorem.
Richert also produced a "readable form" of Chen's theorem (it is covered in the last chapter of Sieve Methods).
Halberstam & Richert's book Sieve Methods was the first exhaustive account of the subject.
In reviewing the book in 1976, Hugh Montgomery wrote "In the past, researchers have generally derived the sieve bounds required for an application, but now workers will find that usually an appeal to an appropriate theorem of Sieve methods will suffice," and "For years to come, Sieve methods will be vital to those seeking to work in the subject, and also to those seeking to make applications."
Notes
External links
1924 births
1993 deaths
20th-century German mathematicians
Number theorists
University of Hamburg alumni
University of Marburg faculty
University of Ulm faculty
Cynodonichthys elegans is a species of killifish from the family Rivulidae which is found in temporary pools in the Cauca River basin and in the San Juan River in the Chocó Department in Colombia.
See also
List of fishes in the Magdalena River
List of data deficient fishes
References
External links
Rivulidae
Endemic fauna of Colombia
Freshwater fish of Colombia
Magdalena River
Taxa named by Franz Steindachner
Fish described in 1880
Sir James George Lee Steere (4 July 18301 December 1903) was a Western Australian politician and a prominent member of the six hungry families.
Biography
Early life
James Steere was born on 4 July 1830 in Ockley, Surrey, England. They were the third of six sons of Lee Steere of Jayes, who was a leading resident and landed proprietor in the county (including High Sheriff in 1848), and their wife Anne, Watson. They were educated at Clapham Grammar School.
Career
They became a midshipman in the merchant service and was at sea for fifteen years. Their last position was commander of the Devonshire, well-known East Indiaman.
Early in 1860, they emigrated to Western Australia and leased 100,000 acres (400 km²) of land in the southern part of the colony. In 1867, they were one of the first elected members of the Western Australian Legislative Council, won their seat again in 1870, and was then chosen leader of the elected members. In 1880, they lost their seat by one vote but almost immediately became a nominee member. They were made a member of the Executive Council in 1884 and two years later was elected Speaker. In 1890, they were elected a member of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly under responsible government and was unanimously elected Speaker. They held this position for the remainder of their life.
They represented Western Australia at the federal conventions of 1891 and 1897, and was a member of the constitutional committee on each occasion. They were knighted in 1888, and created a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George (KCMG) in the New Year Honours list January 1900. They were regarded as an able, upright and hardworking member of the community. A good constitutional authority and an able Speaker, they were held in great respect by all parties in the house and by the public generally.
Personal life
They married Catherine Anne Leake, daughter of Sir Luke Leake, in 1859. They had 15 children, 11 of whom outlived him. Catherine died on 6 November 1922.
Death
They died in Perth, Western Australia, on 1 December 1903, and was buried at Karrakatta Cemetery. Artist Florence Fuller posthumously painted their portrait, which was acquired by the Art Gallery of Western Australia.
Notes
References
1830 births
1903 deaths
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Council
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Speakers of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
Settlers of Western Australia
English emigrants to Australia
Australian Knights Bachelor
Australian Knights Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George
Australian politicians awarded knighthoods
Politicians awarded knighthoods
19th-century Australian politicians
Burials at Karrakatta Cemetery
Kürkçüler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 150 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Whitchurch Town railway station was a station on the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway in England. It served the town of Whitchurch, Hampshire, between 1885 and 1960.
History
The Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway (DN&S) was opened in stages. The section between Enborne Junction (to the west of ) and Winchester was formally opened on 1 May 1885, public services beginning on 4 May; among the original stations was one named Whitchurch. It was from Enborne Junction, and from .
Whitchurch was already served by one railway station on the LSWR which survives to this day. The DNSR had a choice of connecting to the LSWR and building a station nearby to aid interchange traffic. However, it decided to build the station further south, closer to the town.
Accidents and incidents
On 23 September 1954, a freight train overran signals and was derailed by trap points.
On 12 February 1960, a freight train overran signals and was derailed by trap points.
Facilities
The station was relatively large compared to others on this section of the line including a larger station building on the northbound platform and a subway to link the two platforms. There was also a long passing loop and three sidings complete with a large good shed. The station also boasted a water crane and water tower.
Working
The DN&S was worked by the Great Western Railway (GWR), and at the 1923 Grouping, the DN&S was absorbed by the GWR. The GWR had other stations also named Whitchurch, and to distinguish them, most were renamed: this one became Whitchurch (Hants) on 1 July 1924.
Temporary closure
Like other stations on the former DN&S line, Whitchurch (Hants) station was closed temporarily on 4 August 1942 so that the line could be upgraded for wartime freight trains; it reopened on 8 March 1943.
Final closure
Following the nationalisation of the railways in 1948, British Railways renamed the station Whitchurch Town on 26 September 1949, a name which it retained until closure to passengers on 7 March 1960. Goods service continued, but these ceased as from 6 May 1963.
Routes
Notes
References
External links
Whitchurch Station on navigable 1947 O.S. map
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1885
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Whitchurch, Hampshire
The 1975 Jordanian League (known as The Jordanian League, was the 25th season of Jordan League since its inception in 1944. In the 1975 it was called (first division league) Al-Ahli won its 6th title, ended Al-Faisaly monopoly on the title of the championship, which lasted from 1959 to 1974.
Teams
Map
League table
Overview
Al-Ahli won the championship.
References
RSSSF
External links
Jordan Football Association website
Jordanian Pro League seasons
Jordan
Jordan
football
Andrew Thomas Thoma (born April 29, 1993) is an American soccer defender.
Career
College and Amateur
Thoma spent their entire college career at the University of Washington. They made a total of 80 appearances for the Huskies and tallied one goal and seven assists.
They also played in the Premier Development League for Washington Crossfire.
Professional
On January 15, 2015, Thoma was selected in the second round (24th overall) of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft by the Portland Timbers. On March 29, they made their debut for USL affiliate club Portland Timbers 2 against Real Monarchs. On December 16, 2015, they were re-signed by Timbers.
Following their release by Portland, Thoma signed with USL side Whitecaps FC 2 on March 3, 2017.
Honors
Club
Portland Timbers
MLS Cup: 2015
Western Conference (playoffs): 2015
References
External links
Washington Huskies bio
1993 births
Living people
American soccer players
Washington Huskies men's soccer players
Washington Crossfire players
Portland Timbers players
Portland Timbers 2 players
Whitecaps FC 2 players
Association football defenders
Soccer players from New Mexico
Portland Timbers draft picks
USL League Two players
USL Championship players
People from Los Alamos, New Mexico
Ainslee may refer to:
Mary Ainslee (1919–1991), American film actor
Ainslee Cox (1936–1988), American music conductor
Ainslee Lamb, Canadian field hockey coach
Ainslee's Magazine, American literary periodical published from 1897 to December 1926
See also
Ainslie (disambiguation)
Ansley
The Union of Popular Movements (, UMP) was the main Christian democratic faction of Forza Italia political party. Its leader is Gianfranco Rotondi, who was a member of the disbanded Christian Democracy and than a loyalist of the former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.
History
The faction was founded in 2014 by Rotondi and many Christian democrats and conservatives deputies of FI; Rotondi who want to start a Shadow Cabinet (Governo Ombra) opposite to Renzi Cabinet and they are well-supported by the lot Christian democrats of Forza Italia, first of all Raffaele Fitto.
After the Fitto and Rotondi's split from Forza Italia in July 2015, the UMP was destablished.
References
2014 establishments in Italy
Politics of Italy
Ailbhe Mac Shamhráin (31 August 1954 – 29 June 2011) was an Irish medieval historian and celticist.
Career
Mac Shamhráin studied at University College Dublin and Trinity College Dublin. They were then a research associate at Scoil an Léinn Cheiltigh, NUI Maynooth. Previously, they taught early Irish history & settlement studies at Trinity, St. Patrick's College Drumcondra, and NUI Maynooth, where they lectured on the Medieval Irish Studies Programme at the Department of Old and Middle Irish. Prior to that, they taught History and Irish at Belcamp College Secondary School.
In recent years, Mac Shamhráin has led and managed the Monasticon Hibernicum Project (funded by the Irish Research Council for the Humanities and Social Sciences). Their database of Early Christian Ecclesiastical Settlement in Ireland from the 5th to the 12th centuries was published online in 2009. They have also published a number of papers on early Irish political and ecclesiastical history, and has contributed over 300 entries to the Dictionary of Irish Biography. Mac Shamhráin died in Dublin on 29 June 2011, after a long illness. They continued to write throughout, and completed their final article in hospital on the day of their death.
Select bibliography
Prosopographica Glindelachensis: the Monastic Church of Glendalough and its Community, Sixth to Thirteenth Centuries, in Journal of the Royal Society of Antiquaries of Ireland, No. 119, pp. 82–84. 1989.
The Uí Muiredaig and the Abbey of Glendalough in the Eleventh to Thirteenth Centuries, in Cambrian Medieval Celtic Studies, No. 25, pp. 55–75. 1993.
Church and Polity in Pre-Norman Ireland, May 1996.
"Nebulae discutiuntur"? The Emergence of Clann Cholmáin, Sixth - Eighth Centuries, pp. 83–97, in Alfred P. Smyth (ed.), Seanchas: Studies in Early and Medieval Irish Archaeology, History and Literature in Honour of Francis J. Byrne. Dublin: Four Courts, 2000.
The Vikings: an Illustrated History, Dublin, 2002.
The Island of St. Patrick: Church and Ruling Dynasties in Fingal and Meath, 400-1148, (ed.) Dublin: Four Courts, 2004
An Ecclesiastical Enclosure in the Townland of Grange, parish of Holmpatrick, ibid, pp. 52–60
Church and Dynasty in Early Christian Brega: Lusk, Inis Pátraic and the Cast of Máel-Finnia, King and Saint, ibid, pp. 125–39.
Database of Early Christian Ecclesiastical Settlement in Ireland 5th - 12th Centuries (with N. White & A. Breen) Dublin Institute of Advanced Studies (DIAS) 2009
References
List of contributors, The Island of St. Patrick ..., p. 180, 2004
Celtic studies scholars
20th-century Irish historians
21st-century Irish historians
1954 births
2011 deaths
Joshua Jon Pyke (born 18 December 1977) is an Australian singer-songwriter, producer, musician and children's book author.
Biography
Josh Pyke is a prolific songwriter, with a successful and critically acclaimed career both domestically and overseas. Josh's 6 studio albums to date have all debuted in the ARIA Top 10. Amongst numerous other honours, they have received 4 ARIA Awards, 10 ARIA nominations, and gold/ platinum accreditations. Josh is a member of the AGSC, and a respected composer for Film/TV– having received an APRA Award for film composition, Josh has also worked on a slew of recent TV / advertising projects, including popular ABC series The Justine Clarke Show, Miki Vs The World (Season 1&2) and the upcoming dark drama Troppo.
Through their work with the Indigenous Literacy Foundation, Josh has also run numerous song-writing workshops with Indigenous communities, and raised over $50,000 for the organisation through their Busking For Change events.
Josh is a committed member of the music community, and an influential advocate for creators. Josh has been an active APRA Ambassador for 15 years, and has also served as PPCA Board Director (Artist Representative) since 2016. They have represented musicians in national forums such as Parliament House roundtables, Q+A, and The Project, on key issues including copyright reform, Arts funding, and more recently, the impact of COVID-19 on the creative industries. Josh also champions emerging musicians via the JP Partnership, a mentorship program they established with APRA/AMCOS in 2014.
Josh Pyke is also an acclaimed children's book author, with 4 titles out, (Lights Out Leonard, A Banana is A Banana, The Incredible Runaway Snot, Chatterpuss,) and 3 more titles to be released in 21/22, (Chatterpuss In Deep Water, A Family Tree, The Bewilderbeast).
Pyke released their 7th studio album To Find Happiness on 18 March 2022.
2003–2004: Early EPs and Night Hour
Josh Pyke was in their first band by age 12 and played their first performance in front of 650 parents and students at their primary school graduation. Playing guitar and initial song writing efforts came aged 14. Despite their aptitude for song writing and performance, they stayed 'under the radar' throughout their high school years at Fort Street High School.
While part of Sydney band An Empty Flight they successfully applied for a grant from the Music Board of the Australia Council under the Buzz Project to remix a number of their own demo recordings to be released as an EP Current Works Volume 1, under the name of Night Hour. The lead track, "Kids Don't Sell Their Hopes So Fast", received wide-ranging radio airplay on national youth broadcaster triple j and on various community radio stations including 3RRR in Melbourne and Fbi in Sydney. In 2004 Pyke won the Jaxter Music Award for their single "Kids Don't Sell Their Hopes So Fast". The proceeds went towards a home studio. A second EP titled The Doldrums was released in November 2004.
2005–2006: Early EPs as Josh Pyke
In 2005, Pyke signed to Australian indie label Ivy League Records and in September 2005 released the EP Feeding the Wolves, the first under their name Josh Pyke. It features the singles "Middle of the Hill" and "Private Education" and peaked at number 64 on the ARIA Charts. In January 2006, "Middle of the Hill" was voted at number 19 in the Triple J Hottest 100, 2005.
In 2006, Pyke spent a month in New York, writing and performing before touring the UK for the first time in support of Feeding the Wolves. In October 2006, the song "Memories & Dust" was released which peaked at number 39 on the ARIA Charts.
2007–2009: Memories & Dust & Chimney's Afire
Josh Pyke released their debut studio album, Memories & Dust on 10 March 2007. It debuted at number 4 on ARIA Charts. Lead singles "Memories & Dust" and "Lines on Palms" peaked within the ARIA top 50. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2007, the album was nominated for five awards, winning three.
Pyke recorded a cover version of "Wuthering Heights" by Kate Bush for the No Man's Woman album which was released in 2007.
In 2008, Pyke and Michael Yezerski won the APRA award for Best Original Song Composed for the Screen for "When We Get There", from the film The Black Balloon.
In October 2008, Pyke's second studio album Chimney's Afire was released. It debuted at number 3 on the ARIA charts, and number 1 on the ARIA Australian Album Chart.
In August 2009, they played a series of concerts where The Beatles' White Album was played from start to finish with Tim Rogers, Chris Cheney and Phil Jamieson. The tour was extended due to popular demand.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2009, Chimney's Afire was nominated for two awards, winning Best Adult Contemporary Album.
2010: Basement Birds
In mid-2009, Pyke form the Australian indie pop rock group, Basement Birds with Kevin Mitchell (of Jebediah, aka Bob Evans), Steve Parkin (ex-Vinyl, Autopilot, solo) and Kavyen Temperley (of Eskimo Joe). The group released a self-titled studio album in July 2010, which peaked at number 12 on the ARIA charts.
2011–2012: Only Sparrows
In January 2011 Pyke spent a month in New York to finish writing the album that was to become Only Sparrows. On return they recorded the album with ARIA Award-winning producer Wayne Connolly and it was released 19 August 2011. The album debuted at number 4 on the ARIA Charts.
In October 2011, Pyke toured the UK, this time on a co-headline tour with friend and occasional collaborator Mike Rosenberg AKA Passenger. While touring, the pair collaborated on new material, which resulted in Passenger having writing credits on "Leeward Side" and Josh having writing credits on "27". At the ARIA Music Awards of 2011, Only Sparrows was nominated for three awards.
Pyke concluded 2011 playing at the 2011/2012 Falls Festivals in Victoria and Tasmania before heading to Southbound Festival in Western Australia. In February 2012 they performed "Love Lies" and a cover of The Jezabels' "Endless Summer" featuring Elana Stone on triple j's Like a Version. The song was included on the Like a Version Volume 8.
In 2012, Pyke joined a cast of Australian musicians to launch a campaign to support peers who have hit hard times. The campaign was called Support Act for which Pyke became an ambassador, featuring in the TV commercial—"Not everyone in the music industry is able to lead a comfortable life when the music stops playing".
2013–2014: The Beginning and the End of Everything
On 6 July 2013, Pyke released their fourth studio album, The Beginning and the End of Everything, which debuted at number 7 on the ARIA Chart. The release was followed by a sold out national tour. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2013, the album was nominated for Best Adult Contemporary Album.
Pyke spent much of 2014 travelling Australia for their three Lone Wolf tours (Lone Wolf Tour, Lone Wolf Regional Tour and Last of the Lone Wolf Tour).
In July 2014, Pyke joined Phil Jamieson (Grinspoon), Chris Cheney (The Living End) and Tim Rogers (You Am I) for the second time to tour Australia on The White Album Concert tour. Both the 2009 and 2014 tours were completely sold out and extended due to popular demand.
2015–2016: But for All These Shrinking Hearts and Live at the Sydney Opera House
In April 2015, Pyke collaborated with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra for two specially curated shows at the iconic Sydney Opera House. Pyke spent three months working with ten up-and-coming composers redesigning their songs for the shows. Following the success of these performances, Pyke brought the show to the Perth Concert Hall and performed it with the West Australian Symphony Orchestra in July 2015.
On 31 July 2015 Josh Pyke released their fifth studio album, But for All These Shrinking Hearts, which debuted at number 2 on the ARIA charts. It was their first release on new label Wonderlick Entertainment, distributed by Sony. In conjunction with the release, Pyke played four sold out intimate Fans First shows around Australia. They then sold-out shows at Melbourne Zoo and Taronga Zoo in Sydney on their capital city tour. Pyke appeared the 2015 Woodword Folk Festival and the Falls Music & Arts Festival.
Pyke's performance at the Sydney Opera House in 2015, was released in July 2016 and peaked at number 27. At the ARIA Music Awards of 2016, the album won the ARIA Award for Best Original Soundtrack, Cast or Show Album.
2017–2020: The Best of Josh Pyke & Rome
In May 2017, Pyke announced the release of their first greatest hits album, The Best of Josh Pyke, alongside new single "Into the Wind". The album was released on 30 June 2017.
In June 2019, Pyke published the children's book Lights Out, Leonard.
In March 2020, Pyke released "I Don't Know", the lead single from their sixth studio album, Rome, which was released on 28 August.
2021: To Find Happiness
On 5 November 2021, Pyke announced the release of their seventh studio album, To Find Happiness, released on 18 March 2022.
Ambassador and Partnerships
Indigenous Literacy Foundation (ILF) and Busking for Change
Pyke is an Indigenous Literacy Foundation (ILF) ambassador and has contributed thousands of dollars towards the fund. In September 2009, Pyke held the event 'Busking for Change' as part of Indigenous Literacy day, with all proceeds going towards the ILF. Pyke performed a solo set to a small audience, along with guest speakers from the ILF discussing the need for change in literacy levels in Indigenous communities. Pyke stated: "Indigenous issues are something I've been interested in for many years, and the concept of words and language and communicating ideas in that way is especially relevant to my own career". Following the success of the 2009 event, events were held annually and in 2012, Pyke confirmed they had raised over $50,000 in total for the ILF.
Josh Pyke Partnership
In conjunction with APRA in early 2013, Busking for Change presented the Josh Pyke Partnership. The partnership offered an unsigned musician the opportunity to receive mentorship and funding to help grow their career. Applicants submit a business plan explaining how they would like to grow their musical career. The prize included an initial meeting with Pyke, Gregg Donovan (Wonderlick Entertainment) and Stephen Wade (Select Music), a follow-up meeting and $7500 in funding. At the end of 2014, Josh announced the return of the Josh Pyke Partnership, which now runs annually.
Children's books
In 2019 Pyke released their first Childrens picture book, Lights Out Leonard (Penguin), with renowned illustrator Chris Nixon.
The book has gone on to be released in 6 foreign territories and translated into 5 languages.
Since then Pyke has released another 6 picture books: A Banana is A Banana (Josh Pyke, Justine Clarke, Heath Mckenzie, Penguin 2020), The Incredible Runaway Snot (Josh Pyke, Heath Mckenzie, Scholastic, 2020), Chatterpuss, (Josh Pyke, Daron Parton, Scholastic, 2021), Chatterpuss, In Deep Water, (Josh Pyke, Daron Parton, Scholastic, 2021), Family Tree, (Josh Pyke, Ronojoy Ghosh, Scholastic, 2022), The Bewilderbeast, (Josh Pyke, Binny Talib, Scholastic.)
Notably, Family Tree was the ALIA National Simultaneous Story time book for 2022, seeing over 2.6 million people reading the book at the same time, and featuring Pyke and Ghosh appearing on a livestream from the National Library of Australia in the record breaking event.
Discography
Memories & Dust (2007)
Chimney's Afire (2008)
Only Sparrows (2011)
The Beginning and the End of Everything (2013)
But for All These Shrinking Hearts (2015)
Rome (2020)
To Find Happiness (2022)
Awards
APRA Awards
The APRA Awards are held in Australia and New Zealand by the Australasian Performing Right Association to recognise songwriting skills, sales and airplay performance by its members annually. Pyke has won one award from three nominations.
|-
| 2007
| "Middle of the Hill"
| Most Performed Blues and Roots Work
|
|-
| 2008
| "When We Get There" (with Michael Yezerski)
| Best Original Song Composed for Screen
|
|-
| 2012
| "Throw It Away" (360 featuring Josh Pyke)
| Urban Work of the Year
|
|-
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards is an annual awards ceremony that recognises excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of Australian music. Pyke has won five awards from eighteen nominations.
|-
| 2006
| Feeding the Wolves
| Best Pop Release
|
|-
| rowspan="5"| 2007
| rowspan="3"| Memories & Dust
| Best Male Artist
|
|-
| Best Adult Contemporary Album
|
|-
| Breakthrough Artist – Album
|
|-
| rowspan="2"| Wayne Connolly & Josh Pyke for Memories & Dust
| Producer of the Year
|
|-
| Engineer of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="2"| 2009
| rowspan="2"| Chimney's Afire
| Best Male Artist
|
|-
| Best Adult Contemporary Album
|
|-
| 2010
| The Lighthouse
| Best Music DVD
|
|-
| rowspan="3"| 2011
| "No One Wants a Lover"
| Best Male Artist
|
|-
| rowspan="2"| Wayne Connolly & Josh Pyke for "No One Wants a Lover"
| Producer of the Year
|
|-
| Engineer of the Year
|
|-
| rowspan="2"| 2012
| Only Sparrows
| Best Adult Contemporary Album
|
|-
| Wayne Connolly & Josh Pyke for Only Sparrows
| Engineer of the Year
|
|-
| 2013
| The Beginning and the End of Everything
| Best Adult Contemporary Album
|
|-
| 2014
| John Castle & Josh Pyke for The Beginning and the End of Everything
| Producer of the Year
|
|-
| 2016
| Live at the Sydney Opera House
| Best Original Soundtrack/Cast/Show Album
|
|-
| 2020
| Rome
| Best Adult Contemporary Album
|
|-
Country Music Awards of Australia
The Country Music Awards of Australia (CMAA) (also known as the Golden Guitar Awards) is an annual awards night held in January during the Tamworth Country Music Festival, celebrating recording excellence in the Australian country music industry. They have been held annually since 1973.
|-
| 2017
| "F U Cancer" (with Catherine Britt)
| Vocal Collaboration of the Year
|
J Award
The J Awards are an annual series of Australian music awards that were established by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's youth-focused radio station Triple J. They commenced in 2005.
|-
| J Awards of 2007
|Memories & Dust
| Australian Album of the Year
|
|-
| J Awards of 2008
|"Make You Happy"
| Australian Video of the Year
|
References
External links
1983 births
21st-century Australian singers
ARIA Award winners
Australian alternative rock musicians
Australian indie pop musicians
Australian indie rock musicians
Australian singer-songwriters
Basement Birds members
Living people
Musicians from Sydney
Sony Music Australia artists
Escadrille Spa.96 (originally Escadrille N.96), was a French fighter squadron active during the World War I years of 1917 to 1918. They were
an integral part of larger, more potent fighting formations for most of their existence. The squadron was credited with destroying 15 German airplanes and two observation balloons during the war.
History
Escadrille Spa.96 (originally Escadrille N.96) was founded drawing upon previously existing Detachment de Chasse 510. Established in II Armee during June 1917, the squadron was equipped with Nieuport fighters and dubbed Escadrille N.96. It shifted operations on 9 July 1917 to IV Armee, then on 22 July to V Armee. In February 1918, it and three other squadrons were incorporated into Groupe de Combat 19. At the same time, it refitted with SPAD fighters, changing the unit designation to Escadrille Spa.96.
Escadrille Spa.96 would be part of Groupe de Combat 19 until war's end. In fact, the Groupe would be one of several such further massed into Escadre de Combat No. 1. On 8 September 1918, the Escadre was tasked to the U.S. First Army for the Battle of Saint-Mihiel. On 4 October, Escadrille Spa.96, along with the rest of the Escadre, was Mentioned in dispatches. By war's end, Escadrille 96 was credited with the destruction of 15 German airplanes and two observation balloons.
Commanding officers
Capitaine Masse: June 1917 - 25 September 1917
Capitaine Eugene Verdon: 25 September 1917 - 6 January 1918
Lieutenant Maurice Barthe: 6 January 1918 - missing in action 6 May 1918
Lieutenant Charles Lefevre: 6 January 1918 - wounded in action 29 August 1918
Lieutenant Pierre Fauquet-Lemaitre: 29 August 1918 - 11 November 1918
Aircraft
Nieuport fighters: June 1917 - February 1918
SPAD fighters: February 1918 onwards
End notes
Reference
Franks, Norman; Bailey, Frank (1993). Over the Front: The Complete Record of the Fighter Aces and Units of the United States and French Air Services, 1914–1918 London, UK: Grub Street Publishing. .
Fighter squadrons of the French Air and Space Force
Military units and formations established in 1917
Military units and formations disestablished in 1918
Military units and formations of France in World War I
Military aviation units and formations in World War I
The Cook Islands United Party is a political party in the Cook Islands. The party was founded in October 2018 by former Cabinet ministers Nandi Glassie and Teariki Heather.
Heather contested the 2019 Ivirua by-election, but was unsuccessful. The party did not contest the March 2019 Tengatangi-Areora-Ngatiarua by-election, with Glassie instead standing as a Democratic party candidate.
In December 2021 the party announced eleven candidates for the 2022 Cook Islands general election. The party platform included a two-term limit for MPs and the introduction of import levies to promote local business. Initial results showed the party winning 4 seats, with a 5th seat tied. The final results gave the party three seats.
Electoral performance
Legislative Assembly
References
Political parties in the Cook Islands
Political parties established in 2018
Anne Coldiron (who writes under the name A. E. B. Coldiron) is an American humanities scholar, university professor and author, working at Florida State University.
Life
They received their PhD from the University of Virginia.
Career
They write about late-medieval and Renaissance literature. They usually publish under the name A. E. B. Coldiron.
As of 2007, they were professor of English at Florida State University.
Since August 2017, they are The Berry Chair in English Literature at the University of St Andrews in Scotland (UK).
Distinctions
They have received fellowships from the National Endowment for the Humanities and the Folger Shakespeare Library.
Bibliography
Canon, Period, and the Poetry of Charles of Orleans: Found in Translation The University of Michigan Press (30 Nov. 2000)
English Printing, Verse Translation, and the Battle of the Sexes, 1476-1557 Routledge; 1 edition (28 Feb. 2009)
Printers Without Borders: Translation and Textuality in the Renaissance Cambridge University Press (9 April 2015)
as editor, The Translator's Voice in Early Modern Literature and History.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Florida State University faculty
University of Virginia alumni
American women non-fiction writers
American women academics
21st-century American women
The Forest Is Our Heritage (Swedish: Skogen är vår arvedel) is a 1944 Swedish drama film directed by Ivar Johansson and starring Erik 'Bullen' Berglund, Birgit Tengroth and Sven Magnusson. It was shot at the Centrumateljéerna Studios in Stockholm. The film's sets were designed by the art director Bertil Duroj.
Cast
Erik 'Bullen' Berglund as Per Jonsson
Birgit Tengroth as Märta Jonsson
Sven Magnusson as Nisse Lund
Birger Åsander as Vikman
Helge Karlsson as Carlsson
John Elfström as Larsson
Artur Rolén as Hurtig
Eric Laurent as Levin
Åke Uppström as Roos
Stig Johanson as Bredberg
Ingemar Holde as Ferm
Siegfried Fischer as Kallman
Sten Lindgren as Engineer Karlmark
Börje Mellvig as Engineer Hellgren
Tekla Sjöblom as Hilda
Artur Cederborgh as Maans Bleking
References
Bibliography
Qvist, Per Olov & von Bagh, Peter. Guide to the Cinema of Sweden and Finland. Greenwood Publishing Group, 2000.
External links
1944 films
Swedish drama films
1944 drama films
1940s Swedish-language films
Films directed by Ivar Johansson
Swedish black-and-white films
1940s Swedish films
Terry Sendgraff is an American modern dancer and choreographer known as the founder of the Motivity dance method.  They are often credited as being the founder of modern aerial dance.
Biography
Sendgraff moved to San Francisco in 1971 and began teaching aerial dance. At that time, an aerial dance scene had not been established on the West Coast. In 1975 they introduced their aerial dance method and performance style, called Motivity, into their classes. During that time they co-founded Skylight Studio in Berkeley, California alongside Ruth Zaporah.  They are credited as being the founder of modern aerial dance.
Sendgraff obtained a bachelor's degree in Clinical Psychology from John F. Kennedy University in 1986.
In 1978 they founded Fly By Night, the first women's trapeze dancing troupe in the United States. In 1980 they founded the Motivity Company. In 1991 they founded Women Walking Tall Stilting Troupe, which performed with them as the director until 1994.
Sendgraff was a featured artist and faculty member at the Annual International Aerial Dance Festival in Boulder, Colorado from 1999 until 2005.
They were a recipient of the Isadora Duncan Solo Performance Award in 1989, the Choreographer's Fellowship from the National Endowment of the Arts and the Artists Residencies from the California Arts Council in 1993 and 1994, the Independent Artists Award from Oakland Crafts and Cultural Arts in 1999 and 2001, and the Isadora Duncan Sustained Achievement Award in 2005.
In 2000 they were featured in the documentary Artists in Exile: A Story of Modern Dance in San Francisco.
 They are a breast cancer survivor.
References
Living people
American contemporary dancers
American female dancers
American women choreographers
American choreographers
John F. Kennedy University alumni
Modern dancers
National Endowment for the Arts Fellows
Artists from San Francisco
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Anthony "Tony" Shepherd (born 5th June 1944, Melbourne) is an Australian business person. The first 15 years of their career were in the Australian Public Service. They joined Transfield Services in 1979, going on to become chairperson of the Transfield board. Shepherd resigned from Transfield in 2013.
 They are currently Chair of the Boards of the Greater Western Sydney Giants, the Australian Subscription Television and Radio Association and the Sydney Cricket Ground Trust.
Career
Tony Shepherd was educated at CBC St Kilda in Melbourne and started their career as a federal public servant while studying commerce part-time at the University of Melbourne. They worked in defence procurement in Canberra and for three years in Washington DC in the 1970s. On return to Australia in 1973 they joined the National Pipeline Authority under energy minister Rex Connor. They worked on the development of the Moomba to Sydney Pipeline during this time. They spent a total of 15 years as a public servant.
In 1979 a friend introduced Shepherd to Franco Belgiorno-Nettis, who offered them a job at the infrastructure company Transfield Services in North Sydney. At Transfield, Shepherd's first big project was the Sydney Harbour Tunnel, which was an early example of public–private partnership in Australia. In March 2001, Shepherd was appointed a director on the Transfield Services board. They became Chairman in 2005, retiring from the role in October 2013. During their time at Transfield they worked on EastLink and the Lane Cove Tunnel.
In 2011 they became president of the Business Council of Australia for a two-year term, later extended by six months to March 2014. They were succeeded by Catherine Livingstone.
By 2012 they were also chairing the Greater Western Sydney Giants and was a trustee and later chairperson of the Sydney Cricket Ground Trust. As Chair of the Giants, they and other board members set key performance indicators for both the football and business side of the team.
In June 2012 they were made an officer of the Order of Australia for services to business, particularly infrastructure development, the arts and sport.
In November 2013 they were appointed chairperson of the Australian Subscription Television and Radio Association. They were chairperson of Abbott Government's National Commission of Audit which ran between 2013 and March 2014. They were chairperson of the WestConnex Delivery Authority from its establishment in November 2013, resigning in October 2015 when the organisation was merged into the Sydney Motorway Corporation.
Personal Life
Tony married in 1964 to Loredana Vilovich. They had three children, Lisa Shepherd in 1965 and Twins John & Rebecca Shepherd in 1969. Divorced after 12 years, Tony raised their children in Sydney. Tony remarried in 2018 to Maryanne Graham and is stepfather to Cassie & Alexandra Graham.
References
1944 births
Living people
Australian businesspeople
Australian public servants
Greater Western Sydney Giants administrators
Officers of the Order of Australia
University of Melbourne alumni
The Elvis Presley Birthplace is a historic museum site in Tupelo, Mississippi dedicated to the preservation of the birthplace of American musician Elvis Presley. It is listed on the Mississippi Blues Trail.
The museum site includes the birthplace home of Elvis Presley, a museum, a chapel, and the Assembly of God Church building where the Presley family worshipped. Financially, times were hard on Vernon and Gladys, and they had to move out of the shotgun house when Elvis was only a few years old for lack of payment. Vernon and Gladys worked various jobs while in Tupelo and moved several different times during the thirteen years they resided in Mississippi.
An F5 tornado struck outside the city on April 5, 1936. The catastrophic tornado killed hundreds but spared the Presley's house and the family was unharmed.
See also
List of music museums
List of Mississippi Landmarks (Under Lee County)
Mississippi Blues Trail
References
External links
Elvis Presley
Presley
Presley, Elvis
Mississippi Blues Trail
Museums in Lee County, Mississippi
Shotgun architecture
Bob Stookey is a fictional character from the comic book series The Walking Dead and the television series of the same name, where they were portrayed by Lawrence Gilliard Jr. Created by Robert Kirkman and artists Charlie Adlard and Cliff Rathburn, the character made their debut in The Walking Dead #29 in June 2006. Bob is a former combat medic who is considered the town drunk of Woodbury, Georgia. Although they are a minor character in the comics, Bob is notable for saving the life of The Governor, who was severely mutilated by Michonne. Their origins are explored in the companion novel The Walking Dead: The Road to Woodbury, which was written by Kirkman and Jay Bonansinga.
In the television series, Bob is introduced in the fourth season as a survivor living among the community at the prison. As with their comic counterpart, Bob is a former army medic who struggles with alcoholism.  They are also dealing with depression from losing people around him, but after the prison falls they become romantically involved with Sasha and develops a more optimistic mindset, which they try to convince Rick to have as well.
Appearances
Comic book series
In the comics, Bob Stookey is a 49-year-old Caucasian-American. Thirteen years before the series, Bob served as an army medic for about two weeks.
Bob is the local town drunk of Woodbury and is first seen briefly outside The Governor's house, where The Governor expresses concern that Bob isn't eating enough and tells them to get some food. Bob's minor role expands significantly when they save The Governor's life. Gabe and Bruce Cooper call upon them to save The Governor when Alice and Dr. Stevens, the only town medical professionals, flee and Michonne tortures The Governor nearly to death. At first Bob panics and doubts they can save The Governor after seeing what's left of their body, but, they manage to compose themselves and sets to work saving the Governor's life. After a slow recovery, The Governor personally asks Bob to watch over their walker daughter until the Woodbury army returns from killing the prison survivors. The Governor is killed in the assault and while Bob's fate is never revealed in the comic books, it is explained in the novels.
Novels
Bob appears in The Road to Woodbury and The Fall of the Governor which both tie-in to the comics.
In The Road to Woodbury, the story of how Bob and several others arrived at Woodbury is told. For Bob it began when their wife, Brenda Stookey, was killed and turned into a zombie. Bob was unable to put them down and instead fled to Tent City in their truck and descended into alcoholism. In Tent City they met Lilly Caul. They cared for Lilly, so when Joshua Lee Hamilton was kicked out and Lilly Caul decided to go with him, Bob joined them along with Megan Lafferty and Scott Moon. Taking Bob's truck the five of them travelled to a farm house. Bob develops a crush on Megan and grows jealous of their sexual relationship with Scott and Bob becomes persistently drunk.
While on a supply run at a Department Store, the group encounters Caesar Martinez and their men from Woodbury, after some negotiation Caesar agrees to take them back to Woodbury with him. Woodbury's leader - The Governor - took a special interest in Bob and made them their confidante, revealing many secrets such as the fact they keep their zombified daughter, Penny, locked up in their house and that they killed all the National Guard soldiers and in return Bob tells The Governor about their affections for Megan. The Governor would even bounce ideas off Bob who at this point was nearly always too drunk to understand. Bob manages to have a one-night stand with Megan, but the next morning they kill themselves and Bob has to kill their zombified form, this causes Bob to drink even more as they grow depressed.
In The Fall of the Governor, Bob's role is that of theirs in the comics - after the Governor has been tortured near to death by Michonne.  They are found by Gabe and Bruce Cooper who tell them to save The Governor's life, which Bob somehow manages to do. Bob successfully saves The Governor's life, much to even The Governor's disbelief. The Governor is grateful to Bob and when they leaf to assault the Prison where Rick's group, they leaf Bob in charge of caring for their zombified daughter, Penny until they return.
However, The Governor never comes back, instead only a small group led by Lilly Caul return and when they assume leadership of Woodbury, Bob continues to live there and becomes the town doctor.
Television series
Character biography
Bob was an army medic who has been with two other groups of survivors but they were killed while they escaped and the solitude left them depressed.
Season 4
Daryl finds Bob about a week before the start of Season 4. Bob has seen things go bad "over and over" and winding up in the safe prison has not shaken those experiences from him.
Bob first appeared in the season premiere "30 Days Without an Accident", where it is revealed that they were a survivor who was recently rescued by Daryl, who brings them to live with the large community at the prison. Having been at the prison for a week, Bob soon feels they should start "pulling their weight" and volunteers to go on a food run led by Daryl. The scavenger group manages to get into a Big Sp!t shopping centre, where Bob heads straight for the liquor. They contemplate hiding a bottle in their jacket so the others won't notice but places the bottle back on the shelf—and in the process causes the shelf to collapse and come crashing down, pinning Bob to the ground and drawing in the walkers. They cry for help, and the rest of the group saves him, but a young man, Zach, loses their life saving him. In the next episode "Infected", when a deadly flu begins infecting many inhabitants, Bob helps fight back against members of the group who had succumbed to the flu and become walkers. In the episode "Isolation", Bob volunteers to accompany the group led by Daryl and including Tyreese and Michonne to retrieve medicine at a veterinary college, but the group is forced to abandon their car along the road when they are surrounded by walkers. In the episode "Indifference", Bob recounts to Daryl their past: they were the last survivor of their previous two groups, and they would drink themselves to sleep to ease the pain. They also admit that they were responsible for Zach's death, but Daryl dismisses it and reassures their place in the group. At the college, the group manages to retrieve the medicine, however Bob is revealed to have only grabbed a bottle of liquor they found. Having lost their trust in him, Daryl threatens to beat them up if they drink before the medicine is given to the sick. In the episode "Internment", when the group returns to the prison, Bob helps administer the medicine to the surviving inhabitants. In the mid-season finale "Too Far Gone", the Governor attacks the prison, and Bob participates in the prison's defense; the Governor's attack deals enough damage to the prison that the group is forced to abandon it and scatter amidst the chaos of the attack.
As shown in the episode "Inmates", Bob is split into a group with Sasha and Maggie. In the episode "Alone", Bob is more supportive of Maggie's decision to go to Terminus and look for Glenn, as they refuse to leave anyone alone due to the deaths of members from their two previous groups before meeting the Prison group. However Sasha does not want to look for Glenn, believing them to be dead, and Bob kisses Sasha to try to convince them to keep looking. In the episode "Us", on their way to Terminus, they are spotted by Eugene, Rosita and Abraham who were waiting in a van on the other side of the train tunnel where Glenn and Tara would be emerging from, according to Eugene's calculation. The three of them join up with Eugene, Rosita and Abraham, helping to kill a herd of walkers that were quickly surrounding Glenn and Tara. Heading forward, they find Terminus where they are greeted by Mary, one of the residents who are cooking a barbecue. However, in the season finale "A" it is shown that their supplies are taken and they are only seen in the closing moments of the episode, when Gareth forces Rick, Carl, Michonne and Daryl inside of the boxcar they are locked inside of after the shootout at Terminus.
Season 5
In the episode "No Sanctuary", Bob is taken with Rick, Daryl and Glenn to a slaughterhouse where they helplessly witness Gareth's butchers kill four other people. Before the butchers can kill Glenn, they are distracted and Bob attempts to reason with Gareth telling them about Eugene's apparent cure but Gareth doesn't believe him. Before the slaughter can resume an explosion caused by Carol distracts Gareth, who leaves. Rick escapes and kills the butchers and he, Bob, Glenn and Daryl fight their way to the others and the group make it out of Terminus where they are reunited with Carol, Tyreese and Judith. In the episode "Strangers", Bob and the other survivors find and rescue Father Gabriel and take refuge at their nearby church. While on a supply run to a local food bank with Rick, Gabriel, Michonne and Sasha, Bob is pulled underwater by a walker in the flooded basement, but is rescued. They also talk to Rick and tells them to accept Abraham's proposal to go to Washington D.C. and they discuss the nature of the world's state. Bob tells them that one day they will find a place just like before but if they give into the world's state then they won't be able to adapt but Rick says the world now is the real world but Bob disagrees and says it's a nightmare and nightmares end, and tells Rick not to let it end who they are. Later that night, while the other survivors are celebrating their survival and mutual decision to travel to Washington, D.C., Bob kisses Sasha a few times and makes a final goodbye to them Bob wanders outside of the church by themselves and is knocked unconscious by one of the few survivors from the Terminus shootout. As Bob awakens, Gareth tells them that they are not dead just yet and claims that the Terminus group never intended to hurt them, but now their hand is forced as the shootout has caused them to lose their home and now they have to hunt and survive on their own. Bob looks down to find that their left leg has been amputated from the knee down as Gareth consumes a huge chunk of meat. Gareth tells Bob "if it makes you feel any better, you taste a lot better than we thought you would".
In the episode "Four Walls and a Roof", Bob, laughing hysterically, informs Gareth and the other Terminus survivors that they just consumed tainted meat as they were bitten by a walker (in "Strangers"). While the other members begin to react in horror and vomit, Gareth angrily kicks Bob unconscious and suggests that they will be fine as the meat was cooked. They later leave Bob on the lawn at Father Gabriel's church where the other survivors find him. Bob tells them that the place the Terminus group was at resembled a school and Rick, Sasha, Abraham, Tara, Glenn and Maggie set off to find an old elementary school while Eugene, Rosita, Tyreese, Bob, Carl and Judith are left behind. After the Terminus members are killed, the survivors say their goodbyes to Bob, as they thank Rick for taking them in the group and advises them that the nightmare will end, but it doesn't have to end who they are and to look at Judith and see for themselves that the world will change. Bob talks to Sasha about a dream they had about them before they die. Tyreese then stabs them in the head before they can reanimate. Sasha takes their jacket after they die and wears it as a tribute to him.
In the mid-season finale "Coda", Gabriel approaches the high school to see Gareth's actions themselves and finds Bob's uneaten leg still on a cooker, finding proof for themselves that Gareth was a cannibal and tossing it away in disgust. Months later Morgan Jones following a trail from Terminus also finds Bob's leg. In the mid-season premiere "What Happened and What's Going On", when Tyreese is dying from a walker bite Bob along with Beth, Lizzie and Mika appear in their hallucinations and try to comfort them and assure them their past actions were the right thing to do as Martin and The Governor, both in their head also, taunted them about how their actions led the group into chaos. Before Tyreese dies they see Bob, Beth, Lizzie and Mika one last time telling them it is OK to let go and joins them in death. In the episode "Forget", in the Alexandria Safe-Zone Sasha is struggling to adjust into their normal society hearing them complain about simple matters and Sasha experiences flashbacks of Bob, Beth and Tyreese which causes them to snap at the others and storm off. In the season finale "Conquer", after Rick's residence in Alexandria is threatened after an outburst towards Deanna Monroe they remember Bob's words about finding a place just like how it was and how they won't be able to adapt if they let too much go, making Rick think that Bob was right and maybe they have begun to lose their sanity.
Development and reception
It was announced on April 26, 2013 that Lawrence Gilliard Jr. had joined the cast in a regular role as Bob Stookey, a former Army medic. The announcement explained: "Bob is deeply haunted by their past — pre- and post-zombie apocalypse. As a result, he's a bit of a loner, although they maintain a charming/self-deprecating/confident public face."
References
Characters created by Robert Kirkman
Comics characters introduced in 2006
Fictional African-American people
Fictional alcohol abusers
Fictional amputees
Fictional military medical personnel
Image Comics male characters
Male characters in television
The Walking Dead (franchise) characters
Yuhina is a genus of birds in the white-eye family Zosteropidae.
The genus Yuhina was introduced in 1836 by the English naturalist Brian Houghton Hodgson with the stripe-throated yuhina as the type species. The genus name is from Nepali language. The genus was formerly placed in the family Timaliidae. It was moved to Zosteropidae based on results of molecular phylogenetic studies.
The genus contains the following seven species:
Black-chinned yuhina (Yuhina nigrimenta)
Taiwan yuhina (Yuhina brunneiceps)
Whiskered yuhina (Yuhina flavicollis)
Burmese yuhina (Yuhina humilis)
White-naped yuhina (Yuhina bakeri)
Stripe-throated yuhina (Yuhina gularis)
Rufous-vented yuhina (Yuhina occipitalis)
The white-bellied erpornis (Erpornis zantholeuca) was formerly assigned to this genus, with the common name "white-bellied yuhina".
References
Bird genera
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Mei Ze (; fl. 4th century), also known as Mei Yi (梅頤), was a Confucian scholar and government official of the Eastern Jin Dynasty of ancient China. A native of Runan (汝南, present-day Wuchang District, Hubei province), Mei Ze served as governor of Yuzhang Commandery (豫章, present-day Nanchang, Jiangxi province). After the establishment of the Eastern Jin, they presented a purported copy of Kong Anguo's lost compilation of the Old Text Shangshu (Book of Documents) to the emperor, which became officially recognized as a Confucian classic for over a millennium. However, Mei Ze's version of the Shangshu has been proven a forgery.
Background
The Shangshu, a collection of documents written in the Zhou Dynasty, is one of the Five Classics of Confucianism. Most copies of the book were destroyed in 213 BC, when the First Emperor of Qin ordered a large-scale burning of books. The scholar Fu Sheng hid a copy in the wall and later recovered 29 chapters of it, which is known as the "New Text" Shangshu. During the early Western Han Dynasty, another copy was accidentally discovered hidden in the walls of the mansion of Confucius, which contained 16 more chapters than Fu Sheng's version. Scholar Kong Anguo compiled and wrote a commentary of the document, and presented it to the emperor. This version is called the "Old Text" Shangshu, which was however lost during the Eastern Han Dynasty (25-220 AD).
"Rediscovery" of the Old Text Shangshu
After the Yongjia Disturbance ended the Western Jin Dynasty in 311 AD, the Jin court fled southeast to Jiankang. Emperor Yuan, the first emperor of Eastern Jin, asked the public to submit books to the court in order to replenish the imperial library which had been destroyed in the war. Mei Ze presented a "rediscovered" copy of Kong Anguo's Old Text Shangshu to the emperor, along with a preface purportedly written by Kong. Explaining the discovery, Mei Ze claimed that they acquired the documents from a certain Zang Cao (臧曹), who had previously obtained them from Liang Liu (梁柳), a cousin of the famous physician-scholar Huangfu Mi, and that they had salvaged the text from destruction in the warfare that ended the Western Jin. Zang Cao and Liang Liu had both been dead by the time Mei Ze presented the scripture to the emperor. The Jin court accepted Mei's version as authentic, and it became widely disseminated throughout the empire.
Mei Ze's version of the Shangshu includes Fu Sheng's New Text, which was redivided into 33 chapters, along with 25 extra chapters purportedly from Kong Anguo's lost Old Text, for a total of 58 chapters.
Legacy
Mei Ze's Old Text Shangshu became highly influential. In the seventh century, during the early Tang dynasty, scholar Kong Yingda oversaw the imperial Correct Meanings of the Five Classics (五經正義) project, and Mei Ze's Old Text became the official version of the Confucian classic. The Shangshu Zhengyi, likely authored by Kong, provided the official interpretation of the text. Although many scholars had questioned the authenticity of Mei's version over the centuries, it maintained its official status and was the most influential version of the Shangshu for more than 1,000 years until the Qing Dynasty, when the 17th-century scholar Yan Ruoqu devoted much of their lifetime to the study of the Shangshu and conclusively proved that Mei Ze's version was a forgery. Analyses of the recently discovered Tsinghua Bamboo Slips have further bolstered Yan's now widely accepted conclusion.
Notes
References
Ancient Chinese philosophers
Chinese Confucianists
Jin dynasty (266–420) writers
Jin dynasty (266–420) politicians
4th-century writers
4th-century Chinese people
Lanier County is a county in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 10,078. The county seat and only incorporated municipality is Lakeland. The county is named after the Georgia poet Sidney Lanier.
Lanier County is part of the Valdosta, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area. Lanier shares Moody Air Force Base with Lowndes County on its western boundary.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a area of , of which is land and (7.3%) is water.
The vast majority of Lanier County is in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. Just a narrow section of the western border of the county, northeast and southeast of Ray City, is in the Withlacoochee River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin, and a very narrow section of the eastern border of Lanier County is in the Upper Suwannee River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 84
U.S. Route 129
U.S. Route 221
State Route 11
State Route 11 Bypass
State Route 31
State Route 31 Connector
State Route 37
State Route 38
State Route 64
State Route 122
State Route 122 Connector
State Route 125
State Route 135
State Route 135 Bypass
State Route 168
Major waterways
Alapaha River
Banks Lake
Railways
Previous
CSX Transportation
Defunct
Atlantic and Gulf Railroad
Atlantic coastline Railroad
Lakeland Railroad (Defunct, it was used from 1929 to 1957. It ran along the same path as the Milltown Air Line Railroad)
Milltown Air Line Railroad (Defunct, it was used from 1904 to 1928. It ran from Lakeland to Naylor, Georgia)
Plant System
Waycross and Western Railroad (Defunct, it was used from 1912 to 1925 from Waycross, Georgia to Lakeland, Georgia. It roughly followed current Georgia State Route 122)
Adjacent counties
Berrien County - northwest
Atkinson County - north
Clinch County - east
Echols County - south
Lowndes County - southwest
National protected area
Banks Lake National Wildlife Refuge
The Banks Lake National Wildlife Refuge, established in 1985, hosts approximately 20,000 visitors annually. It provides hiking, fishing, and boating opportunities on more than of water, Banks Lake marsh, and swamp. The Robert Simpson III Nature Trail, dedicated in August 2001, is in the Lakeland, Georgia city limits on of pine and hardwood forests. The county is known for its excellent fishing in the Alapaha River, Banks Lake National Wildlife Refuge as well as in its many small lakes.
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,847 people, 2,893 households, and 1,931 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 3,011 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 76.61% White, 20.63% African American, 0.57% Native American, 0.36% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.59% from other races, and 1.20% from two or more races. 1.74% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,593 households, out of which 37.60% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.00% were married couples living together, 13.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 25.50% were non-families. 21.80% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.40% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.69 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.40% under the age of 18, 11.00% from 18 to 24, 30.50% from 25 to 44, 20.50% from 45 to 64, and 10.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 102.70 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 101.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,171, and the median income for a family was $54,512. Males had a median income of $46,023 versus $39,021 for females. The per capita income for the county was $43,690. About 5.30% of families and 8.50% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.90% of those under age 18 and 14.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 10,078 people, 3,608 households, and 2,626 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,249 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 70.6% white, 23.7% black or African American, 1.0% Asian, 0.5% American Indian, 1.7% from other races, and 2.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 14.0% were Irish, 11.5% were American, 11.0% were German, and 10.1% were English.
Of the 3,608 households, 40.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 15.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 27.2% were non-families, and 22.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.18. The median age was 33.4 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,522 and the median income for a family was $43,162. Males had a median income of $32,782 versus $21,712 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,894. About 18.0% of families and 20.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.8% of those under age 18 and 10.6% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 9,877 people, 3,714 households, and 2,536 families residing in the county.
Economy
The county's economy has remained rural in nature, but the educational, health and social service sector was the largest employment category in 2006. Factors contributing to this economy include the presence of Moody Air Force Base (shared by adjoining Lowndes County), the several lakes and nature reserve, the hospital, and a large state correctional facility.
The top ten employers in Lanier County are:
Moody Air Force Base
Farmers & Merchants Bank
Louis Smith Hospital
Patten Probation Detention Center
Georgia Department of Corrections
Patten Seed Company
City of Lakeland, Georgia
Wausau Homes, Inc
J.H. Harvey Co, LLC (parent company of Harveys Supermarkets)
Media
Lanier County News - Legal organ and hometown newspaper since 1913. The paper was originally named The Milltown Advocate, but changed its name after Lanier County was formed in 1920.
Lanier County Advocate (newspaper) - Legal organ newspaper as of January 1, 2015.
Historic sites
Historic sites include Governor Eurith D. Rivers' home, which was moved from its original spot on Banks Lake to West Main Street in Lakeland in the early 1980s; Union Baptist Church, located near Georgia Highway 135; and Fender Cemetery, located east of Lakeland at the junction of U.S. 221 and Georgia Highway 37 on land that once belonged to David Fender. The site of the cemetery, in which many of the area's first settlers are buried, was chosen so that mourners would not have to ferry their dead across the river for burial. Also, the "Murals of Milltown," which depict community life in the 1920s, grace the exteriors of buildings in downtown Lakeland.
Communities
Cities
Lakeland
Ray City
Census-designated place
Stockton
Education
The Lanier County School District operates four schools: Lanier County Primary School, Lanier County Elementary School, Lanier County Middle School, and Lanier County High School.
Politics
References
General
Specific
GeorgiaInfo.com Lanier County Courthouse History
Lanier County School System
Lanier County History
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lanier County, Georgia
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1920 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1920
Valdosta metropolitan area counties
The 1997 Australian Touring Car season was the 38th year of touring car racing in Australia since the first runnings of the Australian Touring Car Championship and the fore-runner of the present day Bathurst 1000, the Armstrong 500.
Two major touring car categories raced in Australia during 1997, V8 Supercar and Super Touring. Between them there were 26 touring car race meetings held during 1997; a ten-round series for V8 Supercars, the 1997 Australian Touring Car Championship (ATCC); an eight-round series for Super Touring, the 1997 Australian Super Touring Championship (ASTC); an unofficial four round series for V8 Supercars, the 1997 ARDC AMSCAR series (the final edition of AMSCAR); support programme events at the 1997 Australian Grand Prix and 1997 Sunbelt IndyCarnival and three stand alone long distance races, nicknamed 'enduros'.
Results and standings
Race calendar
The 1997 Australian touring car season consisted of 26 events.
Super Touring GT-P Race
This meeting was a support event of the 1997 Australian Grand Prix. The thin Super Touring field was bolstered by cars from the Australian GT-Production Car Championship (indicated in italics).
TAC V8 Supercar Showdown
This meeting was a support event of the 1997 Australian Grand Prix.
Australian Touring Car Championship
Hog's Breath V8 Supercar Challenge
This meeting was a support event of the 1997 Sunbelt IndyCarnival.
Australian Super Touring Championship
ARDC AMSCAR series
Tickford 500
AMP Bathurst 1000
Primus 1000 Classic
References
External links
Official V8 Supercar site
1997 Racing Results Archive
Australian Touring Car Championship
Supercar seasons
Touring Cars
Allatman (, also Romanized as Āllātmān and Alatmān) is a village in Dughayi Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 13 families.
See also
List of cities, towns and villages in Razavi Khorasan Province
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Carla Vizzotti (born 1 June 1972) is an Argentine physician specialized in vaccine-preventable diseases. They were the Secretary of Health Access and Vice Minister of Health in Argentina's Health Ministry, working under Minister Ginés González García, until February 2021. They have been Minister of Health since 20 February 2021, following González García's resignation.
Early life and career
Vizzotti was born on 1 June 1972 in Buenos Aires, daughter of a gastroenterologist. They studied medicine at the Universidad del Salvador, graduating in 1997. They specialized in internal medicine at the University of Buenos Aires. They founded, and presides over, the Sociedad Argentina de Vacunología y Epidemiología ("Argentine Society of Vaccinology and Epidemiology"; SAVE), and has also worked at the Fundación Huésped, an NGO created to respond to HIV/AIDS.
From 2007 to 2016, during the successive administrations of President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, they headed the Health Ministry's National Directorate for the Control of Vaccine-preventable Diseases (DINACEI). During their administration, they headed the National Immunization Plan and oversaw the extension of the existing immunization registry to include 19 free and mandatory vaccines.
Political career
Secretary of Health Access
On 19 December 2019, Vizzotti was appointed to the newly established Secretariat of Health Access () by Health Minister Ginés González García, as part of the administration of recently elected president Alberto Fernández.
In 2020 Vizzotti became one of the most visible public officials in the government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. They have been tasked with giving the daily morning reports on COVID-19 statistics.
In December 2020, Vizzotti headed the Argentine delegation that travelled to Russia to oversee the transportation of 300 thousand Gam-COVID-Vac vaccines developed by the Gamaleya Research Institute of Epidemiology and Microbiology to Argentina.
Minister of Health
Ginés González García resigned from their position as Minister of Health on 19 February 2021, following journalist Horacio Verbitsky's confession that they and others had been favored by González García to receive the COVID-19 vaccine under preferential treatment, in a scandal known as the Vacunatorio VIP ("VIP vaccination room"). As Vice Minister of Health, Vizzotti was touted as the natural successor to González García.
Vizzotti was appointed to the position the following day, on 20 February 2021. Sandra Marcela Tirado was appointed as Secretary of Health Access in Vizzotti's stead.
Personal life
On 26 February 2021, they tested positive for COVID-19 and went into voluntary isolation. On 28 September 2021, they underwent surgery to treat a case of appendicitis.
References
External links
Profile at the website of the Ministry of Health
1972 births
Living people
Argentine public health doctors
Argentine women physicians
Argentine ministers of health
Women government ministers of Argentina
Physicians from Buenos Aires
Universidad del Salvador alumni
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Katagami is a city in Akita Prefecture, Japan.
Katagami may also refer to:
Ise-katagami, the Japanese craft of making paper stencils for dyeing textiles
People with the surname
, Japanese shogi player
, Japanese literary critic and academic
Japanese-language surnames
The Movement for Solidarity and Development (, MSD) is a political party in the Republic of the Congo. The MSD is led by Serge Blanchard Oba, who was Administrator-General of the Congo Telecommunications Company (SOTELCO) from 2003 to 2008.
History
In the parliamentary election held on June 24 and August 5, 2007, the party won three out of 137 seats.
In the July–August 2012 parliamentary election, the MSD failed to win any seats.
After a difficult period in which the MSD lost many members, the party held its first extraordinary congress on 7 June 2014. According to Oba, the purpose of the congress was to highlight the party's survival. They stressed the party's continued support for President Denis Sassou Nguesso and said that the MSD would support the candidate of the presidential majority in the 2016 presidential election. Oba was also re-elected as President of the MSD.
References
Political parties in the Republic of the Congo
Deryl Northcott is a New Zealand accounting academic.  They are currently a full professor at the Auckland University of Technology.
Academic career
After a 1996 PhD titled 'Uses of accounting information in capital investment decision making' at the University of Waikato, they moved to the University of Manchester in the UK, before returning to New Zealand and Auckland University of Technology in 2002 as full professor.
Selected works
Llewellyn, Sue, and Deryl Northcott. "The average hospital." Accounting, Organizations and Society 30, no. 6 (2005): 555–583.
Hopper, Trevor, Deryl Northcott, and Robert William Scapens, eds. Issues in management accounting. Pearson education, 2007.
Alkaraan, Fadi, and Deryl Northcott. "Strategic capital investment decision-making: A role for emergent analysis tools?: A study of practice in large UK manufacturing companies." The British Accounting Review 38, no. 2 (2006): 149–173.
Northcott, Deryl. Capital investment decision-making. Cengage Learning EMEA, 1992.
References
External links
Living people
New Zealand women academics
Auckland University of Technology faculty
Academics of the University of Manchester
University of Waikato alumni
New Zealand accountants
Year of birth missing (living people)
Espinoza v. Farah Mfg. Co., 414 U.S. 86 (1973), was a decision by the United States Supreme Court, which held that an employer's refusal to hire a person because they are not a United States citizen does not constitute employment discrimination on the basis of “national origin” in violation of §703 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
Espinoza, a Mexican national admitted to residence in the United States and married to a U.S. national, brought suit after exhausting their administrative remedies with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, alleging that Farah Mfg. Company's refusal to hire them in its San Antonio, Texas division because of their Mexican citizenship violated §703 of the Civil Rights Act, which makes it an unlawful employment practice for an employer to fail or refuse to hire any individual because of their race, color, religion, sex, or national origin.
The District Court granted Espinoza's motion for summary judgment, relying primarily on an EEOC guideline providing that a lawful alien resident may not be discriminated against on the basis of citizenship. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit reversed, and the Supreme Court affirmed this decision.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 414
References
Further reading
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
1973 in United States case law
United States immigration and naturalization case law
Worth County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia.
As of the 2010 census, the population was 21,679. The county seat is Sylvester.
Worth County is included in the Albany, GA Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Worth County was created from Dooly and Irwin counties on December 20, 1853, by an act of the Georgia General Assembly, becoming Georgia's 106th county. It was named for Major General William J. Worth of New York.
In 1905, portions of Worth County were used to create Tift and Turner counties.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.
The eastern third of Worth County, from west of State Route 33 heading east, is located in the Little River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The northern third of the county is located in the Middle Flint River sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). A narrow portion of the western edge of Worth County is located in the Lower Flint River sub-basin of the same ACF River basin. Finally, a portion of the southwest of the county, north of Doerun, is located in the Upper Ochlockonee River sub-basin of the larger Ochlockonee River basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 82
State Route 32
State Route 33
State Route 112
State Route 133
State Route 256
State Route 300
State Route 313
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Crisp County - north
Tift County - east
Turner County - northeast
Colquitt County - south
Mitchell County - southwest
Lee County - northwest
Dougherty County - west
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 21,967 people, 8,106 households, and 6,120 families living in the county. The population density was 39 people per square mile (15/km2). There were 9,086 housing units at an average density of 16 per square mile (6/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 68.69% White, 29.57% Black or African American, 0.36% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.01% Pacific Islander, 0.61% from other races, and 0.55% from two or more races. 1.09% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,106 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 55.7% were married couples living together, 15.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 24.5% were non-families. 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.68 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 28.6% under the age of 18, 8.1% from 18 to 24, 27.50% from 25 to 44, 23.90% from 45 to 64, and 12% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.80 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,384, and the median income for a family was $38,887. Males had a median income of $31,668 versus $20,950 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,856. 18.50% of the population and 14.7% of families were below the poverty line. 25% of those under the age of 18 and 20.2% of those 65 and older were living below the poverty line.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 21,679 people, 8,214 households, and 6,032 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,251 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 70.3% white, 27.6% black or African American, 0.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 16.3% were American, 11.5% were Irish, 7.3% were German, and 6.9% were English.
Of the 8,214 households, 35.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were married couples living together, 17.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 26.6% were non-families, and 23.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 39.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,670 and the median income for a family was $46,791. Males had a median income of $35,829 versus $26,690 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,348. About 15.6% of families and 20.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.0% of those under age 18 and 16.7% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 20,784 people, 8,002 households, and 5,896 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Poulan
Sylvester
Warwick
Town
Sumner
Unincorporated communities
Acree
Bridgeboro
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Worth County, Georgia
References
External links
Worth County School District
Historical maps of Worth County
Worth County Board of Commissioners
Worth County Sheriff's Office
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1853 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Albany metropolitan area, Georgia
Populated places established in 1853
Pitu Guli (; 1865–1903) was an Aromanian revolutionary in Ottoman Macedonia, a local leader of what is commonly referred to as the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO). Nevertheless, Pitu Guli and their family were Bulgaromans.
Life
Born to a poor family in Kruševo, they demonstrated an independent and rebellious nature early in life. They left their home in Macedonia at the age of 17 in search of wealth in the Bulgarian capital, Sofia. In 1885, they returned to Macedonia, as part of a rebel squad of the revolutionary movement against the Ottoman Empire, led by Adam Kalmikov. They were captured and exiled to eastern Anatolia for a period of eight years, seven years of which were spent in the prison in Trabzon. In 1895, they again returned to Kruševo and became a member of IMARO. From this time on, they were fully committed to the autonomy of Macedonia from Turkish rule. Between 1897 and 1902 they were again in Sofia, where they also held an eating house.
In March 1903, they began commanding a revolutionary squad, crossing the Bulgarian-Ottoman border heading for Kruševo. From April to August 1903, they trained and prepared their irregulars for the upcoming Ilinden Uprising. They died in Kruševo, defending the Kruševo Republic.
Family
Following the revolt, Romania, with the support of Austro-Hungary, succeeded in the acceptance of the Aromanians ("Vlachs") as a separate millet with the decree (irade) of May 10, 1905 by Sultan Abdul Hamid II, so the Ullah Millet ("Vlach Millet", referring to the Aromanians) could have their own churches and schools. Except for Bulgarian Exarchist Aromanians, as Guli's family, most members of other ethnicities dismissed the IMRO as pro-Bulgarian. Pitu is father of Tashko Gulev (Shula Guli), who died in 1913 as soldier of the Bulgarian Army in the battle of Bregalnica against the Serbs, during the Second Balkan War.  They are also father of the revolutionary of the IMRO, Nikola Gulev (Lakia Guli), one of the people closest to Todor Alexandrov. They were arrested by the police of Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes and died in custody after being tortured in 1924. Pitu Guli is a father of Steryo Gulev (Sterya Guli), who took part in the military units formed by former IMRO activists in Vardar Macedonia during the Bulgarian administration in World War II, to fight the communist Yugoslav Partisans. They reportedly shot themselves after Bulgaria switched sides and withdrew from Yugoslavia in 1944, upon the arrival of Tito's partisans in Kruševo, in despair over what they saw as a second period of Serbian dominance in Macedonia.
Legacy
Pitu Guli is a national hero in North Macedonia and Bulgaria, and remembered as having fought heroically at Mečkin Kamen (Bear's Rock) near Kruševo, where they were killed during the Ilinden Uprising in defense of the Macedonian Kruševo Republic. A Macedonian Partisan Brigade was named after him.  They are also celebrated in folk songs and poetry throughout the region of Macedonia, being mentioned in the national anthem of North Macedonia (Today over Macedonia).
References
1865 births
1903 deaths
People from Kruševo
Aromanian people
Aromanian revolutionaries
Members of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization
Bulgarian revolutionaries
Prisoners and detainees of the Ottoman Empire
Ottoman Kruševo
Aromanians of the Ottoman Empire
Paweł Kwiek (16 March 1951 – 13 March 2022) was a Polish contemporary visual artist, photographer, cinematographer, and lighting director. Kwiek worked with film, painting, photographic cycles and artistic actions. They were a participant in a wide array of exhibitions of Polish art in Poland and abroad and the author of theoretical texts about neo-avant-garde art. Kwiek was also a poet and a performer.
In 1973, Kwiek graduated from the Leon Schiller National Higher School of Film, Television and Theatre PWSFTviT in Łódź, Department of Direction of Photography and Television Production.
Lecturer at the PWSTTviF in Łódź and the Academy of Fine Arts in Warsaw (in 1977–1978), Head of the Photography Department of the newspaper "Życie Warszawy" (1991). Lived and worked in Warsaw.
Affiliation: Polish Filmmakers Association, creative group Workshop of the Film Form (until 1980), Association of Polish Art Photographers, Association of Artists of Other Art Forms (until 1994), MEDIA KONTAKT, "Jewish Motifs" Association.
Co-founder of the Lodz-based avant-garde artistic group Workshop of the Film Form and member of the group in the 1970s. Around the same time that the Workshop came into being Kwiek created their famous project Face (Twarz, 1971), which criticised the regime of the 1st Secretary of the Polish Communist Party KC PZPR Władysław Gomulka (soon after they resigned from their office) and mocked the figure of the former 1st Secretary. In 1971, Kwiek worked with their brother Przemysław, Zofia Kulik and Jan S. Wojciechowski on the film Open Form (pol. Forma Otwarta), whose title marks a reference to the Open Form Theory conceived by Oskar Hansen with a view to "improving communication and social individualism".
Open Form was an experiment that explored the potential of such communication. Kwiek's film 1, 2, 3... Cinematographer's Exercises (1, 2, 3... ćwiczenia operatorskie, 1972) was spontaneous improvisation that challenges the activities of political organisations (Union of Socialist Youth) at the Film School in Łódź. Pawel Kwiek was one of the first in Poland to experiment with video (e.g. Video A, 1974; Video C, 1975). During the strike at the Film School in 1980, Kwiek recorded the film Solidary Waiting with Jacek Jozwiak. At the time, they were already a member of the Independent Self-governing Trade Union "Solidarity" and an activist of the Committee for the Renewal of the Film School (Ruch Odnowy Uczelni). After 13 December 1981, Kwiek was expelled from the Film School.
One of the forerunners of video art, Kwiek worked with experimental film and video, photography, drawing. Author of manifestos and founder of artistic projects that borrow from other spheres of art, culture and related fields of knowledge: philosophy, cybernetics, poetry, sociology. Works by Paweł Kwiek belong to collections of the CCA Ujazdowski Castle in Warsaw, Museum of Modern Art in Warsaw, ERSTE Foundation in Vienna. As an artist, Kwiek is recognised as a representative of the Polish neo-avant-garde movement of the 1970s. Honoured with the Medal "150 Years of Polish Photography".
Released in 2013, the trilingual book 1, 2, 3... Cinematographer's Exercises. Paweł Kwiek. Photography, Film, Video discusses Paweł Kwiek's work from the 1970s and includes essays by David Crowley, Marika Kuźmicz, Mark Nash and Łukasz Ronduda.
Kwiek died on 13 March 2022.
Selected works
1, 2, 3... Cinematographer's Exercises (orig. pol: 1, 2, 3... ćwiczenia operatorskie, 1972) – experimental political film
Niechcice (1973) – film made in the State Agricultural Farm of Niechcice
A Poem about Consciousness (pol. Poemat o świadomości, 1977) – film features high school undergraduates
Encounters with Light (Spotkania ze światłem, 1991) – photographic cycle
Selected solo exhibitions
1979 – "Participation, Cognition, Decision" ("Uczestnictwo, poznanie, decyzja") – Mała Galeria, Warsaw;
1983 – "Revelation" ("Objawienie") – Mała Galeria, Warsaw;
1988 – "Ecumenism of Art" ("Ekumenizm sztuki") – Mała Galeria, Warsaw;
1989 – "Lech Wałęsa's Thought Forms" ("Myślokształty Lecha Wałęsy") – Mała Galeria, Warsaw;
1990 – "Spiritual Meeting Gifts. Hermetic Paintings" ("Pamiątki spotkań duchowych. Obrazy hermetyczne") – Centre for Contemporary Art Ujazdowski Castle, Warsaw;
1991 – "Meetings with Light" ("Spotkania ze światłem") – Mała Galeria, Warsaw;
1994 – "Between Water and Air" ("Pomiędzy wodą a powietrzem") – Mała Galeria, Warsaw;
2000 – "19 Photographs" ("19 fotografii") – Mała Galeria, Warsaw;
2008 – "Inter-Drawings" ("Międzyrysunki") – Galeria Senatorska, Warsaw; "Six Compositions" ("Sześć kompozycji") – Art NEW Media, Warsaw;
2010 – "Light – Love – Peace of Mind" ("Światło – miłość – spokój") – Centre for Contemporary Art Ujazdowski Castle, Warsaw.
References
1951 births
2022 deaths
Polish cinematographers
Polish contemporary artists
Photographers from Warsaw
Film people from Warsaw
Łódź Film School alumni
Tocci Glacier () is a steep tributary glacier descending from Mount Lozen to enter the north side of Tucker Glacier, in the Admiralty Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–64. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Joseph J. Tocci II, U.S. Navy, aerographer's mate at McMurdo Station, 1967.
Glaciers of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
Theme-centered interaction (TCI) is a concept and a method for working in groups. Its aim is social learning and development of the person. Since the nineteen fifties, TCI has been developed in the United States by the psychoanalyst and psychologist Ruth Cohn, by the therapists Norman Liberman, Isaac Zieman and by other representatives of humanistic psychology. Under the deep impression of the Nazi regime from which Cohn had to flee as a Jew, their overall aim was to assist in creating humane environments which enable personal growth and living learning as a key to improving society. Later, TCI was developed further in Europe and in India. TCI arose from the theoretical background of psychoanalysis, of group therapy and of humanistic psychology; it takes experiences from Gestalt therapy and from group dynamics into account. Ruth Cohn's original purpose was to "enable a healthy person to remain healthy". Here "health" not only refers to individual well-being, but also to political responsibility in the world.
In the first years after the development of TCI, its use grew rapidly in the United States. Today, however, TCI is virtually unknown in the United States, but it continues to be well-known and an important concept for educators, therapists, supervisors and managers in Germany, Switzerland, Austria, Hungary, and India.
The concept of TCI
The basis of TCI
The concept of TCI develops on the basis of three axioms which describe certain problems in dialectical form.
Autonomy:
Appreciation:
Expanding one's limits:
Postulates of TCI
The axioms lead to the following methodical postulates:
Be your own chair person, the chair person of yourself. This means the challenge to see yourself, other persons and the environment in their possibilities and limits, and to accept every situation as a proposition for your own decision.
Disturbances and passionate involvements take precedence. "The postulate that disruptions and violent feelings have priority means that we respect the reality of man; and this reality contains the fact that our lively, emotional bodies and souls carry our thoughts and deeds."
Be responsible for what you do and do not do - in your personal life and in society.
The postulates should not be seen as rules, but rather as descriptions of fact. Hence: disturbances do take their precedence - whether we let them or not. (If there is a tree lying across the street, the cyclist will have to give it the right of way if they want to avoid a collision). And similarly for the postulate concerning the chair person: de facto, the human being is responsible for the partial power which he/she has been given. De facto, he/she is responsible for deeds and omissions.
But since these postulates are now formulated as imperatives, they want to teach us to act in this way.
The first two postulates are known widely by now and have been adopted by many group methods. The first one calls upon the individual to be aware of his/her own feelings and to decide responsibly for himself/herself and others. The second one highlights the fact that hidden disturbances interfere with group processes. They have to be noticed, voiced, and - if necessary - cured to make focused and productive group work possible.
The four factor model, and dynamical balance
The next level of (interaction) methods is most important for group
moderation. It says that in group processes, interests of the individual subjects (I),
the developing relational pattern of the group (WE) and the problem at hand, the theme (IT) must be in dynamical balance. This is symbolised by a triangle where individual, group and theme form the corners. Whenever one corner dominates,
there are negative side effects. E.g. when the theme dominates, this may be a sign that people
hide problems, no group feeling and no personal relationships
develop. In WE-centered groups, individual views and needs are suppressed and group dynamics may get so overwhelming that
no work is done. The theme gives communication a productive focus, but it must be balanced
with the other needs. The „WE“ of the group develops from centering on a theme, that is
why TCI is termed „theme-centered“.
The triangle itself is placed in a circle, symbolising the GLOBE, that is the organisational, physical, structural, social, political, ecological surroundings, in a narrow and wider sense, which condition and influence the teamwork of the group, and which in turn are influenced by the work of the group. The globe can create disturbances and it can upset dynamical balance, shifting weight to one corner of the triangle. Thus one must always be conscious of the globe and the constraints it
produces and take it into account.
In earlier times, "IT" was considered to be the "theme". In present TCI literature there is a differentiation: the theme on which the group is working is influenced by all four factors, not only by "IT". This point is specific to TCI.
Auxiliary rules of TCI
The auxiliary rules may have a positive influence on the interactions within a group. "It is important that auxiliary rules are used in a diplomatic and not in a dictatorial manner. Every rule can be reduced to absurdity."
Represent yourself in your statements, saying "I", not "we" or "one". The latter forms would mean that you "hide" behind the group or behind some public opinion. In addition, such a way of communicating would make it easy to represent a hypothesis as a fact which it is not.
If you ask a question, say why you ask and what this question means to you. Reveal yourself as a person and avoid an interview"A true question requires informations that are necessary for understanding and for continuing a process. An authentic request for information becomes clearer and more personal if you state the reasons for this request.“
Be authentic and selective in your communications. Be aware of what you think and feel, and choose what you want to say and do.
Restrain yourself as long as possible in interpreting others. Speak of your personal reactions instead.
Hold off from generalisations.Generalisations disrupt the group process. They only serve the discussion if they are used to finalizing one subject and introduce a new subject.
If you make a statement concerning behavior or characteristics of another participant, then say also what it means to you that they are the way they are. (i.e., how you see them).
Side discussions take precedence. They are annoying and usually important. They would not happen if they were not important.Even if side discussions are ostensibly disturbing, they are usually important for the deeper levels of communication. They may bring new stimuli, emphasize ambiguities and misunderstandings or expose a disturbed interaction (relation).
Only one person speaks at a time.Nobody can listen to more than one statement at a time. And listening shows the concentrated mutual interest that holds a group together.
If more persons want to speak at the same time, tell each other in keywords what you intend to talk about.So all the subjects are highlighted shortly before group action continues.
Watch body language!Watch your own body language and that of others.
Practical use
Theme-centered interaction is being used in diverse applications: in management, in the university, in psychological guidance and therapy, in supervision, in education, in social and special pedagogy, in adult education, in pastoral care, in care of patients, etc. It is the explicit goal of TCI not only to support the leader, but also to enable a group to lead itself (chair person postulate).
In their Ph.D. thesis, Friedrich Ewert has investigated the influence of TCI training upon the professional ability of teachers active in various types of schools and in teacher training. They found a lasting effect of TCI training upon the teaching skills, and a strengthening of their personalities.
Learning TCI
TCI is being taught by members of the Ruth Cohn Institute (RCI) for TCI international. This is an association located in Basel, Switzerland, with sections in all German speaking countries, in the Netherlands, Hungary, Poland, and India.
The training consists of two sections: basic training and diploma training. The basic training consists of formation of the personality and of methods, it lasts 6 1/2 weeks and is terminated by a certificate. The diploma training lasts about ten weeks and contains elements like supervision, working in peer groups, more workshops for formation of the personality, and methods. Normally, basic and diploma training take several years. Teaching TCI requires a third level of training which is completed by graduation.
Since 1987, RCI international has been publishing a biannual journal "Theme-centered interaction" through Psychosozial-Verlag, Giessen, Germany. The articles are in German, but for some, there is also an English abstract.
Every two years, an International Congress and Exchange Workshop is held on behalf of RCI international. In April, 2012, this was held in Lindau, Germany, celebrating Ruth Cohn's 100th birthday.
Literature (in English)
Mina Schneider-Landolf, Jochen Spielmann, Walter Zitterbarth (Hrsg.): Handbook of Theme-Centered Interaction (TCI)) Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 2017, . Free download: https://www.vr-elibrary.de/isbn/9783525451908
Mary Anne Kuebel (ed.): Living Learning. A Reader In Theme-Centered Interaction, Media House Delhi,
Philipp Bachmann: The Timeless Way of Educating. Theme-Centered Interaction, a Pattern Language by Ruth C. Cohn in: Proceedings of the 22nd Conference on Pattern Languages of Programs. The Hillside Group, Pittsburgh, PA 2015, pp. 22:1-22:28,
Literature (in German)
Mina Schneider-Landolf, Jochen Spielmann, Walter Zitterbarth (Hrsg.): Handbuch Themenzentrierte Interaktion (TZI). Mit einem Vorwort von Friedemann Schulz von Thun. Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, Göttingen 2009, .
Cornelia Löhmer, Rüdiger Standhardt (Hrsg.): TZI Pädagogisch-therapeutische Gruppenarbeit nach Ruth C. Cohn. Klett-Cotta, Stuttgart 1993, .
Barbara Langmaack: Themenzentrierte Interaktion. Einführende Texte rund ums Dreieck. 4. Auflage, Beltz Psychologie-Verlags-Union, Weinheim 2000, .
Cornelia Löhmer, Rüdiger Standhardt: TZI – Die Kunst, sich selbst und eine Gruppe zu leiten. Einführung in die Themenzentrierte Interaktion. Klett-Cotta, Stuttgart 2006, .
Ruth C. Cohn: Von der Psychoanalyse zur themenzentrierten Interaktion. Von der Behandlung einzelner zu einer Pädagogik für alle. Klett-Cotta, Stuttgart 1975, .
Ruth C. Cohn: Verantworte Dein Tun und dein Lassen – persönlich und gesellschaftlich. Offener Brief an Günter Hoppe. In: Themenzentrierte Interaktion. Theme-centered Interaction. 8. Jahrgang, Heft 2, Herbst 1994.
Günther Hoppe: «Misch Dich ein! Greif ein!» Ein drittes Postulat für die TZI? In: Cornelia Löhmer, Rüdiger Standhardt (Hrsg.): Zur Tat befreien. Gesellschaftspolitische Perspektiven der TZI-Gruppenarbeit. Matthias Grünewald Verlag, Mainz 1994.
Helmut Quitmann: Humanistische Psychologie. 3. überarb. u. erw. Auflage, Göttingen, Bern u. a. 1996, .
Friedrich Ewert: Themenzentrierte Interaktion (TZI) und pädagogische Professionalität von Lehrerinnen und Lehrern, Erfahrungen und Reflexionen. VS Research, Wiesbaden 2008, .
References
External links
Ruth Cohn Institute for theme-centered interaction international
A good description of TCI in English, from an outsider at the University of Bremen
Web page of TCI India
Ruth-Cohn-Institute India
Ruth-Cohn-Institute for TCI Switzerland (in German)
A short description in English by an insider
Group processes
Educational psychology
Toulon won the 1991-92 French Rugby Union Championship beating Biarritz in the final.
It was Toulon's third Bouclier de Brennus.
Group A
The teams are listed as the ranking, in bold the teams admitted to "last 16" round.
"last 32"
In bold the clubs qualified for the "last 16".
"last 16"
In bold the clubs qualified for the quarter of finals.
Quarter of finals
In bold the clubs qualified for the next round
Semifinals
Toulon and Biarritz were qualified for the final.
Final
External links
Compte rendu finale 1992 lnr.fr
Finale 1992 finalesrugby.com
1992
France
Championship
Commelec is a framework that provides distributed and real-time control of electrical grids by using explicit setpoints for active/reactive power absorptions/injections. It is based on the joint-operation of communication and electricity systems. Commelec has been developed by scientists at École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne, a research institute and university in Lausanne, Switzerland. The Commelec project is part of the SNSF's National Research Programme “Energy Turnaround” (NRP 70).
Motivation
Due to penetration of a large amount of distributed generation, modern power systems are facing numerous challenges such as the absence of inertia, stochastic power generation, grid stress and stability issues. This could lead to problems related to power balance, power quality, voltage and frequency control, system economics and load dispatch. The conventional distribution grid was not designed to support the distributed generation of electricity. Therefore Commelec framework is developed in order to guarantee a proper grid operation under these challenges without major grid reinforcements. It can provide both primary frequency control and secondary voltage control, being also capable to operate in islanded mode. In contrast to conventional droop-control, it keeps the equilibrium point without using the frequency as the main indicator of power imbalance.
Principle of Operation
Commelec is an agent-based framework. The grid agent (GA) is a piece of software that is running on an embedded computer attached somewhere in the grid. It monitors the state of the grid through the measurement system and orchestrates different resources by speaking to resource agents (RAs) that are usually collocated on the inverters of the resources. While GAs are smart and take part in computing decision actions, RAs are simple-minded, merely requested to send information about their internal state in a specified and universal format.
Device-independent Protocol for Message Exchange
Every 100 ms, RA sends a device-independent representation about its internal state to the GA. On receiving this information from RAs through a communication network (e.g. internet), GA solves robust multi-objective optimization problem (taking into account the constraints of the grid), takes local decisions and implements them. Correction of decisions can be done after receiving new advertisements from RAs. The information that GA receives from RA has pure mathematical abstract description. It consists of:
PQ profile: A convex set that contains all the possible power setpoints that RA can implement,
Virtual cost: A continuously differentiable function characterized by the preference of the resource to stay in a certain zone of PQ profile,
Belief function: A set-valued function which captures uncertainty in resource operation due to nature and local inverter control. Requested setpoint for RA to implement and actually implemented setpoint , in general, can be different. By definition, .
Composability
Power network can be organized in a flat setting where single GA controls the whole grid and leads all the RAs, and in the hierarchical setting in which GA can lead not only RAs, but also the GAs with lower hierarchy level. Composability property that Commelec provides, enables aggregation of several resources that GA controls to a single entity (i.e. virtual resource) which can be further controlled by a GA with a higher hierarchy level. Such virtual resource uses the same language to advertise internal state to its leading GA which makes the control problem scalable.
Experimental Validation
The performance of Commelec control framework is evaluated through a case study composed of a replica of CIGRÉ's low-voltage microgrid benchmark TF C6.04.02. This microgrid, built at EPFL, consists of different types of resources such as photovoltaic plants, battery energy storage systems and electric heaters. For real-time monitoring, phasor measurement units (PMUs) are used.
References
Electricity
Knut Hjalmar Leonard Hammarskjöld (; 4 February 1862 – 12 October 1953) was a Swedish politician, scholar, cabinet minister, Member of Parliament from 1923 to 1938 (first chamber), and Prime Minister of Sweden from 1914 to 1917.
In 1890, they married Agnes Maria Carolina Almquist (15 January 1866–21 January 1940). The couple had four sons: Bo, Åke, Sten and Dag.
Life and work
The son of Knut Vilhelm Hammarskjöld, a noble, lieutenant and landowner (descendant in female line of a bastard daughter of Eric XIV of Sweden), and wife Maria Lovisa Cecilia Vilhelmina Cöster, Hjalmar Hammarskjöld was born into the Hammarskjöld family in Tuna, Vimmerby, Kalmar County. They were a versatile legal expert and prominent as both a scholar and as a legislator. In 1891 they became a professor in Uppsala University and had a great influence on Swedish and Nordic civil law. They laid the foundation for their reputation as a great expert in international law at the same time through diligent work in international meetings, and became a member of the Permanent Court of Arbitration in 1904 at The Hague. They were an influential participant at the Second Hague Peace Conference in 1907.
As Minister of Justice from 1901 to 1902 in Fredrik von Otter's government they made an ambitious but unsuccessful attempt to resolve the problems concerning the right to vote, and was, on their resignation, appointed president of the Göta court of appeal. In connection with the dissolution of the union between Sweden and Norway, they were minister of ecclesiastical affairs in Christian Lundeberg's coalition government and negotiator in Karlstad. In 1905 they were appointed to be the Swedish ambassador to Copenhagen. They returned in 1907 to Uppsala as county governor of Uppsala, but often took leave of absence for various other assignments.
After the peasant armament support march (Swedish: bondetåget) and the resignation of the liberal government, they became head of a non-parliamentarian government in 1914, tasked with solving defense issues. Their "courtyard government" (Swedish: borggårdsregering) was politically independent, but loyal to the king and rather conservative. It was created on an initiative from Arvid Lindman, the leader of the right-wing party in the second chamber, who did not want the king to appoint a cabinet under the leader of the right-wing party in the first chamber, Ernst Trygger.
After the outbreak of the First World War that same year, a truce was established between the parties and the defense problem was solved to the satisfaction of the military. Hammarskjöld was principled and inflexible in their interpretations of civil law during the height of the war. It was during this time that the term "Hunger shield" (Swedish: Hungerskjöld) was coined, because their intractability impeded efforts to get necessary food exports into Sweden. They were seen as too friendly towards Germany when they rejected the proposal for a common trade agreement with Great Britain that Marcus Wallenberg, brother of the foreign minister Knut Wallenberg, had brought home from London in 1917. The split between the PM and the Foreign Minister became apparent and the leaders of the right-wing in the parliament revoked their support for the prime minister, who was forced to submit their resignation.
Hammarskjöld had a dominant nature and was perceived by their opponents as authoritarian and strong-willed, but claims that they favoured Germany lack documented support. They had many prestigious assignments, for example chairperson of the Nobel Foundation 1929–47 and member of parliament (independent conservative). They were voted into the Swedish Academy in 1918 to the same chair as Prime Minister Louis De Geer had occupied, number 17. Hammarskjöld's son, Dag, inherited the chair, as well as the position, after their death. Hammarskjöld's investigations were a major contributing factor to the decision to establish the Supreme Administrative Court of Sweden.
Hjalmar Hammarskjöld died on 12 October 1953 in Stockholm, just over 6 months after their youngest son became the 2nd Secretary General of the United Nations.
Literature
T. Gihl, The history of Swedish foreign policy 4 (1951)
D. Hammarskjöld, Hjalmar Hammarskjöld: entry speech in the Swedish Academy (1954)
W. Carlgren, The minister Hammarskjöld (1967)
S.A. Söderpalm, The big company owners and the democratic breakthrough (1969)
References
External links
1862 births
1953 deaths
People from Vimmerby Municipality
Members of the Riksdag
Members of the Swedish Academy
Swedish nobility
Swedish Lutherans
Prime Ministers of Sweden
Uppsala University alumni
Members of the Permanent Court of Arbitration
Governors of Uppsala County
Burials at Uppsala old cemetery
20th-century Swedish judges
Swedish judges of international courts and tribunals
Swedish people of Belgian descent
Members of the Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala
Hjalmar
Double dye test is useful for diagnosing vesicovaginal or ureterovaginal fistulae. For this test, the patient takes oral phenazopyridine (Pyridium) 200 mg three times a day, and indigo carmine or methylene blue is filled into the empty urinary bladder via a urethral catheter. Pyridium turns urine orange in the kidneys, and methylene blue (or indigo carmine) turns urine blue in the bladder.
A tampon is placed into the vagina. If the tampon turns blue, vesicovaginal fistula is suspected. If the tampon turns orange, ureterovaginal fistula is suspected. If the tampon turns blue and orange, suspect a combination of vesicovaginal and ureterovaginal fistulae. It is important to be alert for leakage around the catheter, which may spill back into the vagina creating the false impression of a fistula. It is also important to ensure that adequate distension of the bladder occurs as some fistulae do not leak at small volumes; conversely, some fistulae with an oblique track through the bladder wall may leak at small volumes, but not at capacity. Direct inspection of leaking dye in vagina in lithotomy position is better than the traditional 'three swab test' as multiple fistulae may be located in this way.
References
External links
Vaginal fistula from Mayo Clinic
See also
Obstetric fistula
Rectovaginal fistula
Colposcopy
Urinary incontinence
Urologic procedures
Female genital procedures
As of 24 March 2022, there are 344 municipalities () and three special municipalities () in the Netherlands. The latter is the status of three of the six island territories that make up the Dutch Caribbean. Municipalities are the second-level administrative division, or public bodies (), in the Netherlands and are subdivisions of their respective provinces. Their duties are delegated to them by the central government and they are ruled by a municipal council that is elected every four years. Municipal mergers have reduced the total number of municipalities by two-thirds since the first official boundaries were created in the mid 19th century. Municipalities themselves are informally subdivided into districts and neighbourhoods for administrative and statistical purposes.
These municipalities come in a wide range of sizes, Westervoort is the smallest with a land area of and Súdwest-Fryslân the largest with a land area of . Schiermonnikoog is both the least populated and the least densely populated municipality at . Amsterdam has the highest population with 893,783 residents, whereas The Hague is the most densely populated with a density of .
Municipal status
As a second level administrative division municipalities are the third tier of public administration in the Netherlands after the central government and the provinces. The Netherlands is a decentralized unitary state, which means that the central government is supreme and delegates certain tasks to lower levels of government by law. The different levels do, however, make work agreements, which give municipalities a certain degree of independence in their policy decisions. Municipalities are responsible for a wide variety of public services, which include land-use planning, public housing, management and maintenance of local roads, waste management and social security. After the dissolution of the Netherlands Antilles in 2010 three special municipalities (officially public bodies) were formed. These municipalities function the same as regular municipalities and are grouped together as the Caribbean Netherlands and are not part of a province.
The municipalities are governed by both a board of mayor and aldermen and a municipal council. The municipal council, which is titled island council in the special municipalities, is elected every four years. The number of members in the council ranges from nine members for the smallest municipalities to forty-five members for the largest. It is the highest administrative body in the municipality and controls public policy. The executive power lies with the executive board, which consists of a mayor, titled lieutenant governor in the special municipalities, and multiple aldermen, titled island deputies in the special municipalities. The mayor is appointed for six years at a time by the crown and the alderman are elected by the municipal council, typically after each municipal election. The mayor is responsible for public order and is the first in command during emergencies, all other tasks are distributed freely between mayor and aldermen. The exact portfolio for each person differs between each municipality.
Official municipal boundaries were first drawn up in 1832 in the Netherlands after a cadastre was formed. The Municipalities Act of 1851, written by prime minister Thorbecke, led to the disappearance of small municipalities. Throughout the years, less populous municipalities have been merged. They were either added to the larger neighbouring cities or multiple smaller municipalities merged into a larger new municipality with a new name. The number of municipalities reduced from 1,209 in 1850 to 537 in 2000; there are 352 municipalities. During this time, multiple mergers occurred simultaneously in large parts of individual provinces; the municipal boundaries were basically redrawn in these regions. In the 19th and large parts of the 20th century, municipal mergers were forced by the central government. This policy changed in the end of the 20th century; local support for the merger is now a large part of the decision-making process. The larger, merged municipalities are intended to handle an increasing workload because more public services are delegated from higher levels of government to the municipalities. Another reason for municipal mergers is the assumption that larger municipalities are more efficient in performing their tasks than smaller ones.
Municipalities have the right to decentralise themselves and form submunicipalities as an additional level of government. This is right and the submunicipalities will cease to exist in the near future to reduce the number of levels of government. Only Amsterdam, where the districts are called , as well as Rotterdam, where the districts are called , consist of such formal subdivisions. The Hague, Almere, Breda, Eindhoven, Enschede, Groningen, Nijmegen, Tilburg and Utrecht have instituted as well, although they do not have the same legal submunicipal status. For administrative use by municipalities and data collection by Statistics Netherlands all municipalities are subdivided into districts (), which in turn are subdivided into neighbourhoods (). These subdivisions have, in contrast to the submunicipalities, no formal status.
Municipalities
Regular municipalities
Special municipalities
See also
Association of Netherlands Municipalities
Municipal politics in the Netherlands
List of cities, towns and villages in the Netherlands by province
List of municipal flags of the Netherlands
Notes
References
External links
List of municipalities on official Dutch government site
Municipalities
Netherlands 2
Municipalities, Netherlands
Netherlands
Municipalities
Netherlands
The following is a list of public and private colleges and universities in Buffalo, New York.
Public colleges and universities
Buffalo is home to three State University of New York (SUNY) institutions. University at Buffalo (SUNY Buffalo) is the largest SUNY institution, and Buffalo State College and Erie Community College also serve the area. The total enrollment of the three institutions combined is approximately 54,000 students.
Facts
University at Buffalo, a nationally ranked tier 1 research university known as "Buffalo". It is the only university located in Buffalo. The University at Buffalo is the flagship and one of the four University Centers in the SUNY system.
Buffalo State College, a comprehensive 4-year college affiliated with SUNY
Erie Community College, a 2-year community college affiliated with SUNY
Private colleges
See also
List of colleges and universities in Western New York
List of colleges and universities in New York
References
Education in Buffalo, New York
Buffalo, New York
The Goteik viaduct (, MLCTS: gu.hti.ta.aa.) also known as Gohteik viaduct) is a railway trestle in Nawnghkio, western Shan State, Myanmar (also known as Burma). The bridge is between the two towns of Pyin Oo Lwin, the summer capital of the former British colonial administrators of Burma, and Lashio, the principal town of northern Shan State. It is the highest bridge in Myanmar and when it was completed, the largest railway trestle in the world. It is located approximately 100 km northeast of Mandalay.
The bridge was constructed in 1899 by the Pennsylvania and Maryland Bridge Construction Company, and opened in 1900. The components were made by the Pennsylvania Steel Company and were shipped from the United States. The rail line was constructed to help expand the influence of the British Empire in the region. The construction project was overseen by Sir Arthur Rendel, engineer for the Burma Railway Company.
Bridge data
The viaduct measures from end to end, and includes 15 towers which span , along with a double tower long. The 15 towers support 10 deck truss spans of along with six plate girders spans long, and an approach span of . Many sources have put the height of the bridge at . That is supposedly a measurement to the river level as it flows underground through a tunnel at the point where it passes underneath the trestle. The true height of the bridge, as measured from the rail deck to the ground on the downstream side of the tallest tower, is . The cost of construction was £111,200.
Due to its technical and natural condition it is considered a masterpiece of world standard.
Diversion
Because the line from Mandalay to Lashio is considered to be of strategic value, a diversionary route to the valley floor, featuring spectacular horseshoe curves, was built in 1976–1978, to keep trains running even if the Goteik viaduct was sabotaged. Those tracks were still visible from the viaduct in 2013, but the diversionary line has been left to the tropical vegetation since 2002.
Mention
The bridge is mentioned in Paul Theroux's acclaimed travelogue The Great Railway Bazaar. They described the viaduct as "a monster of silver geometry in all the ragged rock and jungle, its presence was bizarre".
See also
Rail transport in Myanmar
Wohlers, David. Potential structural deficiencies within the Gokteik Viaduct Railway Bridge in Upper Burma (https://www.icevirtuallibrary.com/doi/full/10.1680/jenhh.21.00102?src=recsys)
Wohlers, David C., and Tony Waters. 2022. "The Gokteik Viaduct: A Tale of Gentlemanly Capitalists, Unseen People, and a Bridge to Nowhere" Social Sciences 11, no. 10: 440. https://www.mdpi.com/2076-0760/11/10/440
References
Railway bridges in Myanmar
Bridges completed in 1901
Tourist attractions in Myanmar
Shan State
Marcel Wędrychowski (born 13 January 2002) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a winger for Ekstraklasa side Pogoń Szczecin.
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Szczecin
Association football midfielders
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Poland under-21 international footballers
Pogoń Szczecin players
Górnik Łęczna players
Ekstraklasa players
III liga players
The Schrankogel, 3497 m (called the Schrankogl on the AV map) is the second highest mountain in the Stubai Alps. The northeast side of the Schrankogel is steep and snowy; from all other sides the Schrankogel has a rocky character.
Mountains of the Alps
Alpine three-thousanders
Stubai Alps
Mountains of Tyrol (state)
Potchefstroom Gimnasium is a public Afrikaans medium co-educational high School in Potchefstroom, North West, South Africa.
Beginnings
It was founded in 1907, by the Theological Centre of the Reformed Church of South Africa. Dutch was the language of teaching. The founders committee existed of Kamp,J., Duvenage, A.P.C, Lion Cachet,J., Postma,F. and du Toit,J.D. The school started in the Theological Centre's Library. The first Headmaster was Coetsee, J.A.A. They were headmaster until 1938.
Headmasters
Headmasters to follow: Kruger,W.deK. (1938-1965), Combrink,A.J. (1965-1974), Kruger, A.B.J. (1974-1979), Dreyer,L.A. (1979-1982), Grobler,A.N. (1982-1985), Janson,C.A. (1986-1999) and Breed,J. (2000-2008). Oosthuizen, R.A. (2009-2021). Van der Merwe, FW is the current headmaster since February 2022.
Changes through the years
The first hostel was built in 1907.
The school was first known as “Voorbereidende Skool”.(Translated: preparatory school) On 13 November 1914 it changed its name too Potchefstroom Gimnasium.
The school became a government school in 1915 and was not ruled by the church any more.
In 1916 it changed the language medium to Afrikaans.
From 1917 to 1920 J Chris Coetzee taught at the school. They later became rector of the Potchefstroom University for Christian Higher Education.
In May 1947 it moved to its own building.
Motto and crest
The motto is “Fac et Spera”, which is Latin for “Work and Hope”. This was taken out of the Dutch States Bible.
The crest existed out of an anchor (a symbol of hope). The other two instruments are a pick and a shovel (symbols of work)
Hostels
The school has two hostels:
Boys- Brandwag
Girls- Cachet
Alumni
Tjaart Marais (born 1961)- Rugby Fly-half for Western Transvaal and scored 703 Currie Cup points in their career.
Henriette Grové (1922-2009)– Writer
Greta Jones (1965-1992)- Singer
Theuns Eloff (born 1955) - Ex- vice Chancellor of the Potchefstroom University for Christian Higher Education and Executive Director of the FW de Klerk Foundation.
Theo Jansen van Rensburg (born 1967)- springbok rugby player (full-back)
Jan Brand van Rooyen de Wet (born 1950) –Singer
Ockert Potgieter (1965-2021) - South African Missionary in Ukraine. and movie director
International connection
Since 2005 the school has a long-term agreement with a Swedish school, Växjö Fria Gimnasium. Each year, eight students are selected who together with students from the Swedish school form a working group focusing on development work in schools in South Africa's townships. They organize different fundraising projects and help in practical construction and repair of Schools.
Performances
Academic- The best school in the North West Province in 2018.
Best academic school in the country in 2017.
The school was the overall Provincial winner of athletics in 2018.
In 1967 se schools rugby team was the best in the country.
References
High schools in South Africa
Schools in North West (South African province)
Criddle/Vane Homestead Provincial Park was designated a provincial park by the Government of Manitoba in 2004. The park is in size. The park is considered to be a Class III protected area under the IUCN protected area management categories.
Entomology
Aweme was the name given to their homestead and the surrounding region by the Criddle and Vane families. This region is the location of the longest continuous observation of insect activity and variety at a single area in Manitoba, much of it represented by voucher specimens in collections across North America. The most significant collections of this material are held by the Canadian National Collection of Insects, Arachnids and Nematodes (CNC) in Ottawa and the J.B. Wallis Museum of Entomology at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg.
Norman Criddle was very familiar with the insects of the area and made sure that anything new or different was sent to the appropriate specialist for review. Several insect species are described based on specimens collected there.
Ephraim Porter Felt described the following species of gall midges based on specimens collected at Aweme in the first decade of the twentieth century.
Rabdophaga rosacea
Rabdophaga normaniana
Rabdophaga racemi
A similar relationship with H.C. Fall resulted in the addition of new beetle taxa.
See also
List of protected areas of Manitoba
Norman Criddle
References
External links
Historic Sites of Manitoba: Criddle-Vane Homestead (Aweme, Municipality of Glenboro-South Cypress)
Provincial parks of Manitoba
Protected areas of Manitoba
The Bouinandjé River is a river of Gabon. It is one of the tributaries of the Ivindo River.
References
Lerique Jacques. 1983. Hydrographie-Hydrologie. in Geographie et Cartographie du Gabon, Atlas Illustré led by The Ministère de l'Education Nationale de la Republique Gabonaise. Pg 14–15. Paris, France: Edicef.
Rivers of Gabon
In the United States patent law, those applying for a patent, i.e. applicants, and patentees may claim a particular status depending on the number of their employees. The fees to be paid to the patent office depend on the applicant's status. The statuses include the "large entity" status and the "small entity" status. The "micro entity" status is a further status, which was introduced with the Leahy–Smith America Invents Act (AIA), enacted in 2011.
The small entity status allows small businesses, independent inventors, nonprofit organizations to file a patent application and maintain an issued patent for a reduced fee—a 50% reduction. Under 13 C.F.R. § 121.802(a), an entity qualifies as a "small business concern", and so qualifies for small entity status, if its number of employees, including affiliates, does not exceed 500 persons. Small Business Administration (SBA) regulations, discussed below, define "employees" and "affiliates".
If an organization or individual qualifies for small entity status, claiming such status is relatively simple. The person seeking such status needs to simply file a verified statement in the patent application prior to paying the first fee as a small entity. Any subsequent payments only need to include a statement where such status has changed.
The concept of "small entity" also exist in other jurisdictions, such as in Canada.
Employees
An entity, including its affiliates, may have up to 500 employees before being disqualified for small-entity status. Federal regulations define what persons qualify as employees and over what time periods employee counts are made.
All individuals employed on a full-time, part-time, or other basis are counted in determining a business concern's number of employees. 13 C.F.R. § 121.106(a). This includes employees obtained from a temporary employee agency, professional employee organization or leasing concern. The totality of the circumstances, including criteria used by the IRS for Federal income tax purposes, are considered in determining whether individuals are employees of a concern. Volunteers (i.e., individuals who receive no compensation, including no in-kind compensation, for work performed) are not considered employees.
Part-time and temporary employees are counted the same as full-time employees. § 121.106(b)(2). Where the number of employees fluctuates over the course of a year, the number of employees may be taken to be the average number of employees over the preceding 12 calendar months. § 121.106(b)(1). The average number of employees of a business concern with affiliates is calculated by adding the average number of employees of the business concern with the average number of employees of each affiliate. § 121.106(b)(4)(i). If a concern has acquired an affiliate or been acquired as an affiliate during the applicable period of measurement or before the date on which it self-certified as small, the employees counted in determining size status include the employees of the acquired or acquiring concern. Furthermore, this aggregation applies for the entire period of measurement, not just the period after the affiliation arose. The employees of a former affiliate are not counted if affiliation ceased before the date used for determining size. § 121.106(b)(4)(ii). This exclusion of employees of a former affiliate applies during the entire period of measurement, rather than only for the period after which affiliation ceased.
Affiliates and control
Small business concerns as defined by federal regulations for the purposes of receiving small-entity discounts on patent fees may have a maximum of 500 employees, including affiliates. Thus, a business concern that might otherwise qualify for small-entity status might be disqualified if it is affiliated with one or more other business concerns that cumulatively have more than 500 employees. Affiliation is determined under a control test. Concerns are "affiliates" of each other for the purposes of 13 C.F.R. § 121.802(a) when one concern controls or has the power to control the other, or a third party or parties controls or has the power to control both. 13 C.F.R. § 121.103(a)(1). It does not matter whether control is exercised, so long as the power to control exists.
The test for determining control takes in account ownership, management, previous relationships with or ties to another concern, and contractual relationships. § 121.103(a)(2). The federal regulations that describe control set out a number of circumstances where control obviously exists, as where one entity owns more than 50% of the stock in another entity, § 121.103(c)(1), or where one or more officers, directors, managing members, or partners who control the board of directors and/or management of one concern also control the board of directors or management of one or more other concerns, § 121.103(e).
There are also a number of "safe-harbor" exceptions to affiliation coverage found in 13 C.F.R. § 121.103(b), mostly involving ownership by certain kinds of investment companies, venture capital operating companies, Indian tribes, § 501(c) nonprofits like charitable trusts, foundations, endowments, etc.
If the assignee of a patent application has difficulty determining for itself whether it qualifies for small-entity status, authorized SBA officials may make formal entity size determinations, based upon a specific patent application pursuant to USPTO rules. 13 C.F.R. § 121.803. Such determinations, which may be thought of as analogous to a private letter ruling issued by the IRS to resolve questions relating to federal taxation, are binding upon the parties. Other SBA opinions provided to patent applicants or others are only advisory, and are not binding or appealable.
Effect of initial status determination during pendency of application
Once a good faith determination of small entity status has been made and appropriately established with the USPTO, the lower small entity fees may be paid in the application without regard to change in status until the issue fee or maintenance fee is due. 37 C.F.R. § 1.27(g)(1). In practical terms, this rule relieves applicants and their representatives of the burdensome duty to constantly reevaluate the determination of an application's assignee organization(s)' small entity status(es) throughout the pendency of the application up to and until the issue fee is paid.
Loss of status
Small entity status is lost when the patent is licensed, exclusively or non-exclusively, or assigned to an organization that would not itself qualify for small entity status. Special care should be taken by an organization licensing technology to the government. Except for licenses under the Bayh–Dole Act, the government is not a small entity for these purposes and small entity status would be lost.
If an organization (including affiliates) has fewer than 500 employees, an application data sheet may be filed, the box as a small entity may be checked, and subsequently the small entity fees may be paid until the patent is allowed or a maintenance fee on a resulting patent is due. At those points in time, the patent agent or attorney might need to send a notification of loss of small entity status.
Micro entity status
Changes to U.S. patent law in December 2012 created a sub-category of small entity status called "micro entity status" for inventors who qualify for small entity status, but also have a gross income less than three times the current gross median income and have applied for no more than four patents previously, or who have an association with an institution of higher education.
Misrepresentation penalties and consequences
Misrepresenting a firm's size status can result in suspension or disbartenderst, as well as civil and criminal penalties. 13 C.F.R. § 121.108(e). Moreover, all claims of a patent issued following an intentional misrepresentation of small entity status may be held to be unenforceable as the result of inequitable conduct, i.e., fraud upon the United States Patent and Trademark Office. See MPEP § 2016; 37 C.F.R. § 1.27(h). As long as any small-entity assertions are made without any intent to deceive, any improper assertion of small-entity status should not be considered fraud. See DH Technology, Inc. v. Synergystex Intern., Inc., 154 F.3d 1333 (Fed. Cir. 1998); Turbocare Corp. v. General Electric Company, 45 F. Supp. 2d 110 (D. Mass. Mar. 31, 1999).
References
External links
Case law
Ulead Systems Inc. v. Lex Computer & Management, 351 F.3d 1139 (2003)
Statutes
35 U.S.C. 41(h)(1).
Patent office procedures
Manual of Patent Examination Procedure, section 509.02
Commentary
"How can an Investment Invalidate a Patent?" by James Goepel, Greenberg Traurig LLP
Canadian patent law
United States patent law
Farmersville High School may refer to:
Farmersville High School (California), in Farmersville, California
Farmersville High School (Texas), in Farmersville, Texas
Aman Deep (born 16 February 1986) is an Austrian cricketer. They played for Austria in the 2011 ICC European T20 Championship Division One tournament.
References
1986 births
Living people
Austrian cricketers
People from Fazilka district
Hans Tore Gunnar Dahllöf (born 25 January 1941) is a Swedish former ice hockey goaltender and Olympian.
Dahllöf played with Team Sweden at the 1968 Winter Olympics held in Grenoble, France. They previously played for the Brynäs IF in the Swedish Elite League.
References
1941 births
Living people
Ice hockey players at the 1968 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Sweden
Swedish ice hockey goaltenders
People from Gävle
Sportspeople from Gävleborg County
Sandy Lane is a luxury five-star beachfront resort close to Holetown and Paynes Bay on the island of Barbados. Sandy Lane was opened in 1961 by Ronald Tree, a former British politician, as a luxury hotel and golf course on what had been a sugar plantation. In 1998, the hotel was put up for sale by Granada plc, and five Irish business people, including J. P. McManus, Dermot Desmond and John Magnier, bought it. The original resort was then demolished in a three-year, $450 million upgrade and renovation.
Features
The resort features 113 guestrooms and suites as well as a five-bedroom villa, a Spa, four restaurants, seven bars and three golf courses.
Sandy Lane is known as one of the Caribbean's most stylish and family-friendly hotels, as well as being a haven of the rich and famous. Past guests said to have stayed at the Sandy Lane hotel include Maria Callas, Simon Cowell, Andrea Corr (co-owner Dermot Desmond's daughter-in-law), T. S. Eliot, Jacqueline Kennedy, Aristotle Onassis, Sidney Poitier and Robin Van Persie.
On 5 October 2004, professional golfer Tiger Woods married their Swedish fiancée Elin Nordegren at the resort. It was reported that Woods booked out the entire hotel for their guests, who included Charles Barkley and Michael Jordan. The owners of the hotel, who include Woods' close friend J.P. McManus, reportedly threw the wedding at the hotel as a gift for the couple.
On 11 November 2011, NBC's Today filmed the day five segments of Where in the World Is Matt Lauer? pool-side and on the beach of the resort hotel.
Golf
Since the hotel first opened, the Sandy Lane Resort has been known for its golf courses. The first, The Old Nine, is a nine-hole course and was built along with the hotel in 1961. The other two, The Green Monkey and The Country Club, are both 18-hole championship courses and were designed by the well-known golf course designer Tom Fazio. The Green Monkey has been reported as being the most expensive golf course ever built.
In 2006 The Country Club hosted the World Golf Championships World Cup, which was won by Germany.
Awards
"Barbados' Leading Golf Resort" - 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008 - by the World Travel Awards
"Barbados' Leading Hotel" - 2007 - by the World Travel Awards
"Barbados' Leading Resort" - 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2013 - by the World Travel Awards
"Barbados' Leading Spa Resort" - 2007, 2011, 2012 - by the World Travel Awards
"Caribbean's Leading Golf Resort" - 2002, 2003, 2004 - by the World Travel Awards
"Caribbean's Leading Resort" - 2005 - by the World Travel Awards
References
External links
Sandy Lane at Seasons in Style
Sandy Lane Hotel, Trip Advisor
Resorts in Barbados
Golf clubs and courses in Barbados
Saint James, Barbados
1961 establishments in Barbados
Hotel buildings completed in 1961
Events from the year 1667 in England. Dates are given in Old Style. As of the start of this year, the Gregorian calendar in use by the Dutch Republic and elsewhere on the continent is 10 days ahead of the Julian calendar in use in England.
Incumbents
Monarch – Charles II
Parliament – Cavalier
Events
5 February – In the Second Anglo-Dutch War, warship is captured less than nine months after being launched, when it fights an action off the North Foreland. Captain Robert Saunders and 8 of their crew are killed while fighting Dutch ships Delft and Shakerlo. The Dutch Navy renames the ship Zwanenburg.
8 February – The first part of the Rebuilding of London Act 1666, following last year's Great Fire of London, goes into effect as royal assent is given to the Fire of London Disputes Act 1666, which establishes the Fire Court. The Court, sitting at Clifford's Inn near Fleet Street, hears cases starting on February 27 and continuing until the end of 1668.
February – Charles II secretly signs a treaty with France, formally agreed in April.
c. February – Elkanah Settle's play Cambyses, King of Persia first performed.
6–7 March – Exceptionally cold spell.
25 February – During the Second Anglo-Dutch War, a Dutch Navy force commanded by Admiral Abraham Crijnssen arrives at the English South American colony of Surinam and sails up the Suriname River to Fort Willoughby (Paramaribo). Bombardment of the fort begins the next day, and its commander, William Byam surrenders, effectively giving control of Surinam to the Dutch Republic.
27 April – John Milton seals a contract for publication of Paradise Lost with London printer Samuel Simmons for an initial payment of £5. The first edition is published in October and sells out in eighteen months.
10 May – A second Conventicle Act, preventing groups of more than five non-followers of the Church of England from assembling, comes into effect with increased incentives for the authorities to prosecute.
9–14 June – Raid on the Medway: a Dutch fleet under admiral Michiel de Ruyter lands on Canvey Island to seize supplies, takes Sheerness fort, sails up the River Medway, raids Chatham Dockyard and escapes with the royal barge The Royal Charles.
27 June
An attempt by Dutch ships to enter the River Thames above Gravesend is called off.
George Villiers, Duke of Buckingham, one of the five members of the Cabal ministry (Lords Chudleigh, Arlington, Buckingham, Ashley and Lauderdale), turns themselves in after a warrant for their arrest is issued on 25 February on charges of treason (including the casting of the King's horoscope).  They are held in the Tower of London for four years before being released on 17 July 1671.
2 July – A Dutch marine force lands near Woodbridge, Suffolk, and prevents Landguard Fort from being reinforced but a direct assault on the fort is beaten off by the garrison, The Duke of York and Albany's Maritime Regiment of Foot, predecessor of the Royal Marines, and hence the first land action fought by marines.
3 July – A Dutch attack on Osleybay fails.
c. 13–17 July – Exceptionally warm spell peaks.
21 July (Old Style – 31 July New Style) – The Second Anglo-Dutch War is ended by the Treaty of Breda, negotiation of which began on 14 May and coming into effect in August. In the Americas, the Dutch retain control of Surinam, the English retain New Netherland and the French Acadia.
30 August – The Earl of Clarendon is dismissed as Lord Chancellor.
30 November–1 December – The Earl of Clarendon goes into exile on the continent.
Undated
Robert Hooke demonstrates that the alteration of the blood in the lungs is essential for respiration.
Publications
Margaret Cavendish's biography The life of the thrice noble, high and puissant prince William Cavendishe, Duke, Marquess, and Earl of Newcastle
John Dryden's poem Annus Mirabilis.
Richard Head's apocryphal The life and death of Mother Shipton
John Milton's epic poem Paradise Lost.
Births
12 January – Jonathan Richardson, portrait painter, writer on art and collector (died 1745)
29 April – John Arbuthnot, physician and writer (died 1735)
9 December – William Whiston, mathematician (died 1752)
John Pomfret, poet and clergyman (died 1702)
John Richardson, Quaker preacher and autobiographer (died 1753)
Ned Ward, satirical writer and publican (died 1731)
Probable year – Susanna Centlivre, née Freeman, poet, actor and playwright (died 1723)
Deaths
2 May – George Wither, writer (born 1588)
16 May – Thomas Wriothesley, 4th Earl of Southampton, statesman (born 1607)
20 June – James Stuart, Duke of Cambridge, son of James II of England (born 1663)
28 July – Abraham Cowley, poet (born 1618)
References
Years of the 17th century in England
Theodore Miriung (died 12 October 1996) was a politician and judge in Bougainville, Papua New Guinea. They were Premier of the Bougainville Transitional Government from April 1995 until their death.
Professional career
Miriung was born at Poma village in the Kieta district of Bougainville and was educated at the Tunuru Catholic Mission and at Chabai. They studied for the priesthood at the St Peter Chanel seminary in Ulapia for three years from 1966, but then left the seminary and went to work for mining company CRA Exploration. Miriung studied law at the University of Papua New Guinea from 1969 to 1973 and was admitted to the bar in 1974. They briefly ran a private legal practice in Arawa in 1976 and then joined the public service, rising through the ranks as provincial legal officer and then provincial secretary in Bougainville and then Chief Land Titles Commissioner for Papua New Guinea. They were appointed an acting National Court judge in 1988. In 1991, they advised the Bougainville Revolutionary Army on their planned Bougainville Interim Government, and was often reported to have been a "legal adviser" to the rebels. They left in February 1992 after a dispute, but reportedly remained in contact with the rebels.
Peace process and Premiership
As a figure with ties to both sides of the Bougainville Civil War, Miriung became an influential figure in attempts 1994 to reach a peaceful solution to the war, attending the Arawa Peace Conference and being involved in the establishment of a "peace zone" in North Nasioi. In November 1994, Miriung and Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Julius Chan signed the Mirigini Charter, establishing a Bougainville Transitional Government to replace the North Solomons Provincial Government that had been suspended in 1990. The Assembly of the transitional government met in April 1995, and on 10 April elected Miriung as Premier of the Bougainville Transitional Government. Miriung was a key moderate figure in peace negotiations between the PNG government and the BRA, but faced challenges on both sides: the BRA dismissed the BTG as a "puppet government", while the PNG Government suspected Miriung of working with the BRA and restricted their movements at times. They differed with the PNG Government on a resolution to the conflict, condemning their attempts to end the war through a military offensive and extrajudicial killings, while supporting a more expansive concept of autonomy than the national government, eventually coming out in support of an eventual referendum on independence months before their death. Shortly before their assassination, Papua New Guinean defence minister Mathias Ijape blamed Miriung for a BRA attack on PNG soldiers and called for their resignation as Premier.
Assassination
On 5 October 1996, Miriung travelled from the government's base at Buka to visit their family at Siwai. A week later, on 12 October, Miriung was assassinated at the age of 55 while having dinner with their family in their wife's village of Kapana. They were reported to have been killed at close range by at least two assassins, with an autopsy finding six wounds in their back from automatic gunfire and one major wound from a shotgun blast. Miriung's killing was condemned by Chan and Australian foreign minister Alexander Downer and numerous other figures. Their assassination removed a key figure from the peace process: United Press International wrote at the time that they were "seen by many to offer the greatests hope for peace on the strife-torn island", while peace process worker Alan Weeks later wrote that Miriung "could have been the Nelson Mandela of Bougainville.
Investigations into responsibility
The Papua New Guinea Defence Force and the BRA initially traded allegations of responsibility for the killing. A Commission of Inquiry was held under retired Sri Lankan judge Thiruvukkarasu Suntheralingam, which found in December 1996 that the murder was committed by several members of the PNGDF in conjunction with their allies the Siwai Resistance. Suntheralingam requested that police investigate further and prosecute six people, but this did not occur. Sections of the report were released publicly, but the full report, including the specific identities of Miriung's alleged killers, were never released, and Miriung's family never received a copy. The assassination remained a long-simmering issue during the Bougainville peace process, which inhibited progress at various times. In November 2019, with the 2019 Bougainville independence referendum drawing international attention to Bougainville, Miriung's family called for the release of the full report and the naming of those responsible. Sam Akoitai, the member for Central Bougainville in the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea, raised the issue in parliament, and Prime Minister James Marape pledged to further investigate the issue. In December 2019, Miriung's eldest son Justin stated that the family believes that some figures from the national government were involved in their murder.
References
Bougainvillean politicians
Assassinated Papua New Guinean politicians
1996 deaths
Year of birth unknown
Andrei Ryabov may refer to:
Andrey Ryabov (born 1969), Russian footballer
Andrei Ryabov (musician) (born 1962), Russian-born jazz guitarist
The 2002 Hindu Kush earthquakes struck in northern Afghanistan during the month of March. At least 166 people were killed with a very large and intermediate-depth mainshock on March 3. Three weeks later, at least a further a thousand were killed during a large, but shallow event that had a maximum Mercalli intensity of VII (Very strong). The M7.4 and M6.1 reverse events were focused in the Hindu Kush mountain range area.
Tectonic setting
Northern Afghanistan lies within the broad zone of continuing collision between the Indian Plate and the Eurasian Plate. The area is seismically active, particularly as a result of faulting at just over 200 km depth within the descending slab. Many large events of M ≥ 7 have been observed in the Hindu Kush, all with similar epicenters, with an approximate periodicity of about 10–15 years. These events have reverse fault focal mechanisms, which for the near-vertical slab indicates active extension. It has been proposed that these earthquakes are a result of "necking" of the downgoing slab, a process that may eventually lead to break-off.
Smaller shallow focus earthquakes are also observed in the region, particularly associated with north–south trending zones of right lateral strike-slip, such as the Chaman Fault, with an increasing degree of shortening to the north, together accommodating the highly oblique convergence between the Indian Plate and the Eurasian Plate.
Earthquakes
The earthquake on March 3 had a magnitude of 7.4 , with a hypocentral depth of 225.6 km. The focal mechanism is consistent with reverse faulting within subducting oceanic crust. Comparison with similar earthquakes in 1993 and 2015, which have very similar depths and epicenters, suggests that the major component of the slip in all three events occurred on the same part of the fault.
The earthquake on March 25 had a magnitude of 6.1 , with a hypocentral depth of 8.0 km. It had a reverse fault mechanism that occurred on one of two possible moderately-dipping north–south trending faults.
Damage
March 3 event
At 12:08:19 UTC a 7.4 tremor hit an area S of Feyzabad, Afghanistan. At least 150 people were killed, several injured and 400 houses damaged or destroyed by a landslide that dammed and flooded Surkundara Valley, Samangan Province. At least 13 people were killed at Kabul and Rostaq and 3 people killed in Bajaur, Pakistan. At least 300 houses were destroyed in Badakhshan and Takhar Provinces. A 45 meter wide fissure opened in Xiker Reservoir in Xinjiang, China. This was a deep focus event and was felt in much of Afghanistan and Pakistan. Felt also in Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan and India.
March 25 event
At 14:56:33 UTC a 6.1 tremor hit an area SW of Feyzabad, Afghanistan. At least 1,000 people were killed, several hundred injured and several thousand homeless in Baghlan Province. At least 1,500 houses were destroyed or damaged at Nahrin and several hundred more in other areas of Baghlan Province. Landslides blocked many roads in the epicentral area. This was a shallow focus event and was felt strongly in much of northern Afghanistan. Also felt in the Islamabad-Peshawar area, Pakistan and at Dushanbe, Tajikistan.
See also
List of earthquakes in 2002
List of earthquakes in Afghanistan
References
Sources
External links
2002 disasters in Asia
2002 earthquakes
2002 in Afghanistan
May 2002 events in Asia
Earthquakes in Afghanistan
Earthquakes in Pakistan
Earthquake clusters, swarms, and sequences
History of Afghanistan (1992–present)
2002 earthqaukes
Butcher's Broom is an epic, historical novel by Neil M. Gunn written in 1934. Based on a semi-fictionalised account of the Highland Clearances in Sutherland, the novel deals with the decline of Highland culture in a wide scope of pre-Clearance and post-Clearance life, as well as the Clearances themselves.
Plot
The book opens on Dark Mairi, a local healer and widow making their way back to the Strath where she, their grandson Davie and Elie (a young woman from the community) live. They live on the Riasgan estate where they have lived for many years under the ancient clan system. The decline of the clan system is one of the catalysts that drives the Clearances and the plot of the novel. Elie falls in love with Colin, a young man in the community and falls pregnant to him, just as they leaf to go to fight in the Napoleonic Wars for regiment raised by the local Captain, who as tacksman emigrates, leaving their community lacking the protection they once provided.
Elie wanders the Lowlands destitute with their child but returns to the community an outcast just as the threat of clearance hangs over the whole Strath (this is carried out by a thinly veiled equivalent of Patrick Sellar called Heller). Through this all Young Davie struggles to regain their trust for Elie, and Elie also attracts the attentions of Rob the Miller, who eventually marries them
The community is burned out and cleared to the rocky shore, with a wall erected to stop them using their old lands. They eke out a pitiful existence in a harsh environment. Mairi is killed at the end by an estate sheepdog. Colin returns from the war to find their community relocated and overtly changed. They encounter they and Elie's son Colin, and together, although not recognising each other as father and son they bury Mairi according to custom.
Significance
Butcher's Broom was one of the first pieces of 20th Century fiction to deal with the Highland Clearances. It deals with the social unrest which came with the decline of the Highland Clan System as chiefs became anglicised, the tacksmen emigrated and attitudes of laissez-faire capitalism and a belief in the inferiority of Gaelic culture arose to prominence in the 1800s.
Whilst Riasgan is a fictional location, the Clearances are very similar to those carried out in Strathnaver and Strath Kildonan, including the death of 93 year old Margaret MacKay, allegedly through the neglect by Patrick Sellar and their men.
It is Gunn's only book which directly deals with the Clearances, although many of their works are written in the historic aftermath of the events. When asked why they never wrote more than one novel about the Clearances itself, they referenced the complicity of Lowland Scots and the Highland Gentry in the process saying it was due "To the shame of the thing.. because our own people did it."
References
External links
A Celebration of the Light with analysis of Butcher's Broom
review
Scottish books
Highland Clearances
Kacper Roman Zych (born 12 May 2002) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for MFK Karviná.
Career statistics
References
External links
2002 births
Living people
People from Cieszyn
Association football forwards
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
MFK Karviná players
Czech First League players
Polish expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in the Czech Republic
Polish expatriate sportspeople in the Czech Republic
Max Tau was a German-Norwegian writer, editor, and publisher.
Life
Tau grew up in an environment characterized by what they later termed the "Jewish-German" symbiosis, in a Jewish household heavily influenced by the Jewish enlightenment. They studied literature, art history, philosophy, and psychology at universities in Berlin, Hamburg, and Kiel. They earned their doctorate at the University of Kiel, defending a dissertation on the German writer Theodor Fontane. With the assistance of Mildred Fish Harnack, an American active in the Red Orchestra anti-Nazi resistance group, Tau emigrated to Norway in 1935. During the Nazi-German occupation of Norway, they were a refugee in Sweden and returned to Norway after the war. They were noted for their contribution to promoting literary exchange between Germany and Norway, especially in the context of reconciliation after World War II. They obtained Norwegian citizenship while in exile in Sweden in 1944.
Awards
1950 Peace Prize of the German Book Trade
1965 Nelly Sachs Prize
1970 Sonning Prize
References
External links
1897 births
1976 deaths
People from Bytom
University of Kiel alumni
Jewish emigrants from Nazi Germany to Norway
Naturalised citizens of Norway
Refugees in Sweden
Knights Commander of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
People from the Province of Silesia
German male writers
Hugo Andrew Hollas (November 30, 1945September 6, 1995) was a professional American football safety in the National Football League. They played four seasons for the New Orleans Saints and the San Francisco 49ers.
1945 births
1995 deaths
People from Schulenburg, Texas
Players of American football from Texas
American football safeties
Rice Owls football players
Dallas Cowboys players
New Orleans Saints players
San Francisco 49ers players
Village Telco is an initiative to build low-cost community telephone network hardware and software. It is based on a suite of open-source applications that enable entrepreneurs to set up and operate a telephone service in a specific area or supporting the needs of a specific community.
The first Village Telco network was established by Dabba at Orange Farm, a township in the City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality (South Africa). Users can make free local calls to other Dabba subscribers, as well as use pay-as-you-go vouchers to make calls to 'phones on other networks.
Technically, a Village Telco system consists of:
a mesh network made up of Wi-Fi mini-routers combined with an analogue telephone adaptor (aka 'Mesh Potato')
SIP phones
a pay-as-you-go billing and management system
a SIP/VOIP server
least cost routing equipment
These components together comprise an easy-to-use, standards-based, wireless, local, do-it-yourself, telephone company toolkit. The goal of bringing these together is to make local telephony in developing countries to be so cheap as to be virtually free. This has become possible thanks to advances in open source telephony software and the dramatic decrease in the cost of wireless broadband technology.
See also
Personal Telco Project, which is a wireless community network project running in Portland, Oregon.
South African wireless community networks: Orange Farm and the Mesh Potato
References
External links
Village Telco blog
Village Telco wiki
Village Telco Development Group
Telecommunications in South Africa
Economy of Johannesburg
Mesh networking
The 2019 Maltese presidential election took place on 2 April 2019. Members of the Parliament of Malta voted in an indirect election to approve the appointment of former cabinet minister George Vella, the only nominee, as President of Malta.
Vella's nomination was supported by both the governing Labour Party and opposition Nationalist Party. The Democratic Party announced they supported Vella's nomination for the presidency but would boycott the vote to protest in favour of a constitutional amendment requiring a two-thirds majority to elect the president, and the party's two MPs did not attend the vote.
The election was followed by Vella's formal swearing-in as president on 4 April 2019.
References
Malta
2019
Presidential election
April 2019 events in Malta
Anzaldo Municipality is the second municipal section of the Esteban Arce Province in the Cochabamba Department, Bolivia. Its seat is Anzaldo. At the time of census 2001 the municipality had 9,126 inhabitants.
Subdivision
Anzaldo Municipality is divided into three cantons.
Languages
The languages spoken in the Anzaldo Municipality are mainly Quechua and Spanish.
See also
Jatun Mayu
Jaya Mayu
Misuk'ani
Puka Qawiña
References
External links
Map of Esteban Arce Province
Municipalities of the Cochabamba Department
Gotjawal Forest is a naturally formed forest located on the middle slopes of Halla Mountain, Jeju Island in South Korea. It covers the rocky area of aā on Jeju Island off the southwestern coast of South Korea. Due to the geographical feature, the region remains largely undisturbed by people. The Gotjawal Forest is an enclave of the Southern Korea evergreen forests ecoregion, and is a favorite place of the Jeju locals.
Etymology
Traditionally, Jeju locals call any forest on rocky ground "Gotjawal" (곶자왈). According to the Jeju Dialect Dictionary, "Gotjawal" refers to an unmanned and unapproachable forest mixed with trees and bushes. However, Song Shi-tae suggested, in their Ph.D. dissertation, a new meaning for the term "Gotjawal" because of its direct association with "Aā. Therefore, using the term "Gotjawal Lava" instead of "Aā" can be useful in land and groundwater management. Some people insist that the meaning of Gotjawal should not be restricted to geological features according to Jeong Gwang-jung's 2004 study. They say the ecological, historical, and cultural context should also be considered. However, it is still not clear how they define the meaning of Gotjawal.
In their 2003 study, Song asserted that protecting the Gotjawal area on Jeju is essential to protecting the island's groundwater, because rain water penetrates directly into the groundwater aquifer through cracks in the region's rocky earth.
Features
The Gotjawal forest is considered to have three important features such as "its formation in rocky areas", "plants specific to this ecosystem", and "rain water penetrating to the groundwater aquifer".
Rocky areas
The Gotjawal forest is formed on rocky areas. As it was difficult to develop these areas for agriculture, the forest remained untouched even in the twentieth century. In their 2000 study, Song Shi-tae insisted that Gotjawal's terrain is mainly on aā lava. Based on their field research, the Distribution Map of Gotjawal Terrain on Jeju-do was drawn. However, further research revealed that the terrain is not pure aā lava but rather a mixture of aā lava, and Pahoehoe lava, which Dr. Song also suggested naming Bille lava, following the dialect term of local people.
While Gotjawal forest includes pahoehoe lava, in some areas, it is true that Gotjawal Forest is overwhelmingly a rocky area which is difficult to cultivate. Therefore, the most practical definition of the Gotjawal Forest is: "a forest on Jeju Island, on land difficult to cultivate because it is a rocky area."
Endangered plant and animal species habitat
The Gotjawal forest is a sub-region of the Southern Korea evergreen forests ecoregion, and they are within the temperate broadleaf and mixed forest biome. The Korean Ministry of Environment has found a variety of endemic plant and animal species in its habitats, with some being threatened and endangered species. Five unrecorded species of plankton were found during their investigation in 2005 in the Dong Baek Dong San area of Gotjawal forest.
An area called Dong Baek Dong San (meaning 'Camelia Forest', 590,083 sq. meters) in Gotjawal forest, located at San 12, Seonheul-ri, Jocheon-eup, Jeju City, Jeju Province, is the only known natural habitat of Mankyua chejuense, a recently discovered genus. This is according to Ms. Yim Eun Young's thesis. They also found many other species of bryophyte during their investigation. They concluded that the Dong Baek Dong San region in Gotjawal forest is an important area for bryophyte research.
The other parts of Jeju's Gotjawal forest have not yet been thoroughly investigated yet.
Rain water penetrating to the groundwater aquifer
46% of all rainwater falling on Jeju Island in the Gotjawal forest's areas permeates through the lava and soil into the groundwater's aquifers, via lava structures such as lava tubes, skylights, clinkers, and cracks; structures typically found in Aā lava. This is the highest rainwater percolation and groundwater recharge rate in South Korea.
The Gotjawal forest's canopies diffusing raindrops and surface plant litter reducing runoff and increasing initial absorption contribute to the high groundwater absorption rate of rainwater. There are few rivers on the forested west or east of the island because almost all the rainwater is drawn directly into the groundwater. By comparison the north and south of Jeju Island has many small rivers.
Distribution of Gotjawal Forest
According to Song, there are four main Gotjawal terrains covering , about 12%, of Jeju-do island's (). The Gotjawal terrain is located on the west and east of the island, where the lava flowed more slowly than the steeper north and south sides. A map showing the distribution of Gotjawal Forest on Jeju-do Island, is included in Song's paper.
Protection and development
As is seen from the three features of Gotjawal forest, it was difficult to develop this forest before modern era, as it is formed on quite rocky areas. That's why Gotjawal forest could maintain its original ecosystem generally unaffected by human activity.
New developments
However beginning in the 1980s, interest grew to develop within the forest to build golf courses, resorts, and other tourist facilities. The use contemporary construction technology allows unprecedented changes to the native habitat landscapes and hydrology. Meanwhile, developing new tourist attractions is important for the island's economy, which depends on the tourist industry.
Golf courses and aquifers
However, some parts of Gotjawal forest have already been developed. Some parts of the forest are now golf courses. By the end of 2005, there were already more than 16 golf courses on Jeju, and many golf courses are either under construction or in the planning stages. In addition, a location set for a famous TV drama, The Legend, was established on a part of the forest. Other tourist sites are also being planned in or near Gotjawal forest.
How much groundwater is used by golf courses and whether the present use of groundwater is sustainable is the subject of many hot debates. In data from 2002, we find documentation that water used for domestic purposes per day in Jeju is 634,864m3/day, (43%), while water used for agricultural purposes per day is 800,565m3/day (54%). These researchers referred to the report issued by KOWACO. Water used by 16 golf courses during 2004 was 39,303 ton per day. Environmental organizations say that golf courses are the main cause of groundwater exhaustion and pollution, but we do not yet know whether this is true or not.
New protections
Citizens
With such threats to the ecology, a citizens' movement to protect Gotjawal forest arose on Jeju-do. "Gotjawal People " is solely dedicated to the protection of Gotjawal forest. Half-million citizens of Jeju-do not only focus on the forest plants, but also on its critically important function of recharging and cleaning groundwater supply. People are aware that protecting Gotjawal forest is essential to the protection of groundwater, which is under threat from overuse for the agriculture and golf industries.
Protecting Gotjawal forest contributes to protecting groundwater in two ways: (1) Gotjawal forest is an important groundwater recharging area. So, by protecting the forest, the groundwater can be recharged. (2) Golf courses use huge amounts of groundwater.
Government
The Jeju's Provincial Government designated a part of Gotjawal (Dong Baek Dong San, Camellia Forest) as a Local Natural Monument in 1981. But the government has not paid much attention or budgeted necessary funds for research and education projects for Dong Baek Dong San forest.
The Jeju's Provincial Government, in addition, established the "Gotjawal Trust " in 2007, stated as dedicated to the preservation and protection of the Gotjawal forest. Nonetheless the government has been criticized for allowing the construction of golf courses and other tourist facilities within the forest habitats that are rapidly destroying portions of the Gotjawal forest and reducing aquifer recharging.
Ramsar Convention Wetlands
Gotjawal Forest qualifies as Internationally Important Wetlands as designated by the Ramsar Convention on Wetlands. Gotjawal forest falls into the Ramsar wetland type of Zk(b) karst and other subterranean hydrological systems. However to date, Gotjawal Forest has not been declared a Ramsar site.
Scope
Ramsar Convention guidelines say that, "Regardless of genesis, these terms (karst and other subterranean hydrological systems) should be used to include all subterranean cavities and voids with water. Such sites would be eligible for inclusion in the Ramsar List whenever the site selection Criteria are fulfilled." This guideline further clarifies the definition of "Wetlands" by saying that "The Ramsar definition of wetlands (Article 1.1) should be read/understood to include surface and subterranean wetlands, although the Convention text does not explicitly refer to these systems.
Criteria
When considering the essential function of Gotjawal forest in recharging and protecting groundwater – and the sole source of water for 500,000 people on Jeju – Gotjawal forest qualifies as Internationally Important Wetland according to the Ramsar Convention. In addition, Gotjawal forest qualifies as a Ramsar Site because of its unique forest ecology.
The Ramsar Convention requires that a wetland meet just ONE of the criteria suggested by the Convention in order to be considered an Internationally Important Wetland. According to the above-mentioned guidelines, Gotjawal forest qualifies on the basis of ALL of the following criteria.
Criterion 1: A wetland should be considered internationally important if it contains a representative, rare, or unique example of a natural or near-natural wetland type found within the appropriate biogeographic region. (About Criterion 1, the Convention further explains:
Criterion 2: A wetland should be considered internationally important if it supports vulnerable, endangered, or critically endangered species or threatened ecological communities.
Hydrological importance. As indicated by Article 2 of the Ramsar Convention, wetlands can be selected for their hydrological importance which, inter alia, may include the following attributes. They may: i) play a major role in the natural control, amelioration or prevention of flooding; ii) be important for seasonal water retention for wetlands or other areas of conservation importance downstream; iii) be important for the recharge of aquifer; iv) form part of karst or underground hydrological or spring systems that supply major surface wetlands;
Gotjawal forest in Jeju-do qualifies criterion because:
It is an important area of groundwater recharge, as is explained by paragraph "Features of Gotjawal forest" of this article.
It qualifies the criterion 2, because it provides habitat for endangered species of fern, as is explained in paragraph 2 of this article. # In addition, Gotjawal forest is also a regular breeding site for endangered bird species, including the fairy pitta, Pitta brachyura nympha, and Japanese paradise flycatcher, Terpsiphone atrocaudata.
See also
Forest ecology
Temperate broadleaf and mixed forest - biome
Ramsar Classification System for Wetland Types
Wetland classification
Footnotes
References
Han, Sang-cheol, 2002, Study on the grouting method of construction of Jeju island groundwater, Cheju National University.
Jang, Yong-chang and Chanwon Lee, 2009, Gotjawal Forest as an internationally important Wetlant, Journal of Korean Wetlands Studies, Vol 11-1, April 2009, pp. 99–104
Jeju Provincial Government, 1995, Jeju Dialect Dictionary (濟州語 辭典)
Jeong, Gwang-jung, 2004, Gotjawal and the livelihood of Jeju's People, 2004, Jeju Educational College, V. 33, pp. 41~65.
Kim, Jeong-hee, 2006, Impact Study of golf course construction planning on the groundwater sustainable yield in Jeju Island, Seoul National University, M.A. thesis.
Kim, Eun-mi, 2003, Habitat Environment of Fairy Pitta (Pitta nympha Temminck & Schlegel) on Jeju Island, Korea, Jeju National University, M.A. thesis.
Ko, Kiwon, 1997, Characteristics of Groundwater Existence on Jeju Island and its hydro-geological relationship with Seogwipo layer, Pusan University, Ph.D dissertation.
KOWACO(Korea Water Resources Corporation ), 2003, Comprehensive Research Report on the Hydrology and Groundwater of Jeju Island.
Oh, Hong-shik, Byung-soo Kim, and Wanbyung Kim, 2002, Study on the bird communities of Mt. Halla, Korea Journal of Ornithology, Vol 9, No. 2, pp85–104
Ramsar Convention, 1987,The Convention on Wetlands text, as amended in 1982 and 1987
Ramsar Convention, 2009 A, Strategic Framework for the List of Wetlands of International Importance, edition 2009
Ramsar Convention, 2009 B, Strategic Framework for the List of Wetlands of International Importance, edition 2009, Annex B: Ramsar Classification System for Wetland Type
Ramsar Convention, 2009 C, Strategic Framework for the List of Wetlands of International Importance, edition 2009, Annex C: Criteria for Identifying Wetlands of International Importance
Song, Shi-tae, 2000, Distributions and Lithology of the Aa Rubble Flows in Cheju Island, Korea, Pusan University, Ph.D. Dissertation.
Song, Shi-tae, 2003, Lavas in Gotjawal Terrain, Jeju Island, Korea No.3, Doneori Gotjawal Lava, Journal of Basic Science, Jeju National University, V16(1), pp. 47~55.
Song, Shi-tae, Kiwon Ko, and Sun Yoon, 1996, A survey on Gotjawal and Lava tube affecting groundwater recharge and pollution in Jeju, Korea Groundwater and Environment, pp. 68–69
Yim, Eun-young, 2007, Bryophyte Flora of Dongbaek-dongsan, Jeju-do, Cheju National University, M.A. thesis.
Yun Beomseop, Sangeun Lee, Donghoon Cha, and Heekyung Park, 2006, Analyzing the Groundwater Use Sustainability of Small Islands Using System Dynamics: Jeju Island Case Study
External links
Gotjawal People, NGO dedicated to protection of Gotjawal Forest
Jeju Gotjawal, an English webpage providing information on the ecology of Gotjawal Forest.
Jeju Olle, - a trail route through Gotjawal forest for ecological tourism
Gotjawal Trust, NGO supported by Jeju Provincial Government
Tourist attractions in Jeju Province
Forests of South Korea
Wetlands of South Korea
Environment of South Korea
Temperate broadleaf and mixed forests
Ecoregions of Asia
Geography of Jeju Province
George Evans, 4th Baron Carbery (18 February 1766 – 31 December 1804) was a British peer and politician.
Background and education
Carbery was the son of George Evans, 3rd Baron Carbery, and their second wife Elizabeth, daughter of Christopher Horton. They were educated at Eton from 1778 to 1781 and was admitted to Trinity College, Cambridge on 5 May 1784.
Political career
Carbery succeeded their father in their (Irish) barony in 1783 and inherited a heavily encumbered estate. On 18 February 1793, they were appointed a deputy lieutenant of Northamptonshire. After the Earl of Westmorland raised a Northamptonshire volunteer cavalry regiment in 1797, Carbery was appointed its lieutenant-colonel on 20 April 1797. They were elected to the House of Commons for Rutland in 1802, a seat they held until their early death two years later.
Personal life
Lord Carbery married Susan, the natural daughter and heiress of Colonel Henry Watson, in 1792. Watson had left them the fortune they made as chief engineer for the East India Company. Them wealth offered the possibility of repairing their encumbered estate, but they had to agree to a marriage settlement granting them a jointure of £2,000 per year; they were not only to keep their own fortune but to receive their English estates if they died without issue by them
They had no children.
They died in December 1804, aged 38, from the bursting of a blood-vessel at Reddish's Hotel in London. They were succeeded in the barony by their uncle, John Evans. Lady Carbery later remarried and died in October 1828.
References
1766 births
1804 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Barons Carbery
Deputy Lieutenants of Northamptonshire
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for English constituencies
People educated at Eton College
UK MPs 1802–1806
UK MPs who inherited peerages
Members of the Irish House of Lords
Johan Andersson (21 February 1889 – 1 July 1965) was a Swedish wrestler. They competed in the light heavyweight event at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
References
1889 births
1965 deaths
Olympic wrestlers of Sweden
Wrestlers at the 1912 Summer Olympics
Swedish male sport wrestlers
Sportspeople from Gothenburg
Khulna–Mongla Port Railway is a 65 km broad gauge railway under-construction to connect the country with Mongla Port via railway. The under-constructed Rupsha Rail Bridge is on this proposed line.
Route Map
Stations
Phultala Jn
Aranghata
Mohammadnagar
Katakhali
Chulkati
Bhaga
Digraj
Mongla
References
Khulna District
Vanguard SLV-3, also called Vanguard Satellite Launch Vehicle-3 hoped to be the second successful flight of the American Vanguard rocket following successful Vanguard 1 satellite on rocket Vanguard TV-4.
Background
Vanguard Satellite Launch Vehicle-3 (SLV-3) was launched on 26 September 1958. The second stage failed to achieve the minimal performance necessary to maintain Earth orbit, and the spacecraft re-entered the atmosphere and burned up. The objective of the satellite was to scan Earth's cloud cover from orbit. The purpose of the IGY Vanguard satellite program, run by the U.S. Navy, was to launch one or more satellites into Earth orbit during the International Geophysical Year (IGY).
Launch vehicle
Vanguard was the designation used for both the launch vehicle and the satellite. The first stage of the three-stage Vanguard Test vehicle was powered by a General Electric X-405 thrust liquid rocket engine, propelled by 7200 kg of kerosene (RP-1) and liquid oxygen, with helium pressurant. It also held 152 kg of hydrogen peroxide. It was finless, 13.4 metres tall, 1.14 metres in diameter, and had a launch mass of approximately 8090 kg.
The second stage was a 5.8 metres high, 0.8 metres diameter Aerojet General AJ-10 liquid engine burning 1520 kg Unsymmetrical dimethylhydrazine (UDMH) and White Inhibited Fuming Nitric Acid (WIFNA) with a helium pressurant tank. It produced a thrust of and had a launch mass of approximately 1990 kg. This stage contained the complete guidance and control system.
A solid-propellant rocket with ) of thrust (for 30 seconds burn time) was developed by the Grand Central Rocket Company to satisfy third-stage requirements. The stage was 1.5 metres high, 0.8 metres in diameter, and had a launch mass of 194 kg. The thin (0.076 cm) steel casing for the third stage had a hemispherical forward dome with a shaft at the center to support the satellite and an aft dome fairing into a steel exit nozzle.
The total height of the vehicle with the satellite fairing was about 21.9 metres. The payload capacity was 11.3 kg to a 555 km Earth orbit. A nominal launch would have the first stage firing for 144 seconds, bringing the rocket to an altitude of 58 km, followed by the second stage burn of 120 seconds to 480 km, whereupon the third stage would bring the satellite to orbit. This was the same launch vehicle configuration, with minor modifications, as used for Vanguard TV-3 and all succeeding Vanguard flights up to and including Vanguard SLV-6.
Spacecraft
Vanguard SLV-3 hoped to put into orbit the Vanguard 2D satellite, a Lyman Alpha satellite, with a magnetosphere measurement device. The satellite payload was . Vanguard SLV-3 only reached an altitude of , the goal was to orbit.
The SLV-3 satellite was a 10.6 kg, 50.8 cm diameter magnesium sphere. The interior was pressurized. The payload instrumentation package was mounted in the center of the sphere. The package was arranged in a cylindrical stack with mercury batteries at the bottom, followed by the Minitrack tracking system electronics, the environment electronics, the telemetering instrumentation, and the experiment electronics. Below the package at the bottom of the sphere was the separation device, a spring loaded tube with a timer designed to push the satellite away from the third stage after orbit was reached. At the top of the interior of the sphere was a pressure gauge. Four spring-loaded metal rods were folded along the equator of the sphere and would protrude radially outward when deployed, acting as a turnstile antenna. It used two transmitters: a 10 mW transmitter broadcasting at a frequency of 108.00 MHz and a 1 watt transmitter broadcasting at 108.03 MHz. The payload contained two infrared-sensitive photocells designed to scan the cloud cover of Earth.
Launch
An initial launch attempt on 17 September miscarried when a pad umbilical detached prematurely, causing first stage engine shutdown after one inch of vehicle rise. It settled back onto the launcher, but fortunately no damage resulted and Vanguard SLV-3 launched successfully on 26 September 1958 at 15:38 GMT. It was launched from Launch Complex 18A (LC-18A) at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (CCAFS). Low second stage performance resulted in insufficient velocity for the third stage and payload. They completed one orbit and reached a peak altitude of before reentering over Central Africa. Investigation concluded that particles from a rubber helium fill hose had clogged a filter in the fuel feed system, resulting in the second stage engine being fuel-starved and operating at only 80% thrust. The fill hose was changed to metal on subsequent flights, the second stage propellant tanks heat-treated to remove scale, and preflight procedures changed to reduce the need to open up the propulsion system and potentially introduce contaminants into it.
Mission
Vanguard SLV-3 was launched from the Atlantic Missile Range in Cape Canaveral, Florida, on 26 September 1958 at 15:38 GMT. Flight was nominal during the liftoff period, but the performance of the second stage was below the anticipated minimum requirement. The third stage fired as planned, although separation from the second stage occurred about 50 seconds early, at 422.7 seconds after launch. The failure of the second stage resulted in a final velocity that was about 75 meters per second (250 feet per second) short of the roughly 7500 mps (25,000 fps) required to reach the planned orbit. The burned out third stage and satellite reached an altitude of almost 425 km (265 miles) before coming back down and burning up on re-entry into the atmosphere. This was believed to have occurred over Central Africa after completion of one orbit. The poor performance of the second stage was concluded to be a result of low fuel flow rate due to contamination from Buna-N rubber particles from the helium fill hose.
See also
Vanguard rocket
Project Vanguard
Comparison of orbital launch systems
Comparison of orbital rocket engines
Rocket
Spacecraft propulsion
References
Further reading
Mallove, Eugene F. and Matloff, Gregory L. The Starflight Handbook: A Pioneer's Guide to Interstellar Travel, Wiley,
Spacecraft launched in 1958
Project Vanguard
Satellite launch failures
Space accidents and incidents in the United States
Kailash Surendranath is an Indian advertising filmmaker. Surendranath is best known for producing Mile Sur Mera Tumhara (unity-in-diversity) song in 1986 and directing revised version of the same in 2010. They directed the 2001 romantic comedy feature Love You Hamesha, that featured music composed by A. R. Rahman.
Career
After starting at the age of 18, Surendranath has directed around 3,500 commercials in a career spanning 35 years.
Their father is the well-known singer-actor Surendra.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Indian filmmakers
Burrangong, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales was created in 1904 and abolished in 1920.
Election results
Elections in the 1910s
1917
1913
1910
Elections in the 1900s
1907
1904
Notes
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
Julia Woolfolk Cunningham (October 4, 1916 – February 27, 2008) was an American author of children's literature.
 They are best remembered for their novel Dorp Dead which won the Lewis Carroll Shelf Award, and for The Treasure Is The Rose which was a finalist for the National Book Award.
They were sister to John W. Cunningham, a Western author who created the story of the influential film High Noon. Them first cousin was the neuroscientist and physician John C. Lilly.
References
External links
1916 births
2008 deaths
American children's writers
Parasemionotiformes is an extinct order of neopterygian ray-finned fish that existed globally during the Triassic period. It comprises the families Parasemionotidae and Promecosominidae. Many of the included genera are monotypic and most species lived during the Early Triassic epoch.
Parasemionotiforms were normally small to medium-sized fishes. They were predominantly marine.
Evolutionary relationships
Parasemionotiformes are neopterygians, which is the clade that encompasses the vast majority of living ray-finned fishes (Actinopterygii) and about half of all living species of vertebrates. Neopterygii are divided into Teleostei and Holostei. The latter represents a depauperate group today but used to be a diverse clade especially during the Mesozoic Era. The only surviving members of the Holostei are the gars (Ginglymodi) and the bowfin (Halecomorphi).
Parasemionotiformes belong to Holostei and are one of the earliest clades of the Halecomorphi (bowfin and its extinct relatives). Parasemionotiformes are the sister group to all other halecomorphs according to cladistic analyses.
The following tree summarizes the evolutionary relationships of the Parasemionotiformes. Names accompanied by a dagger (†) represent extinct groups.
Classification
Order Parasemionotiformes Lehman, 1966
Family incertae sedis
Genus Peia Ji, 2009
Peia jurongensis Ji, 2009 (type species)
Family Parasemionotidae Stensiö, 1932 (= Ospiidae Stensiö, 1932)
Genus Parasemionotus Piveteau, 1929
Parasemionotus labordei (Priem, 1924) (type species)
Parasemionotus besairiei Lehman et al., 1959
Genus Ospia Stensiö, 1932
Ospia whitei Stensiö, 1932 (type species)
Genus Broughia Stensiö, 1932
Broughia perleididoides Stensiö, 1932 (type species)
Genus Watsonulus Brough, 1939 (= Watsonia Piveteau, 1934)
Watsonulus eugnathoides (Piveteau, 1934) (type species)
Genus Stensionotus Lehman, 1952
Stensionotus intercessus Lehman, 1952 (type species)
Stensionotus dongchangensis Liu et al., 2002
Genus Jacobulus Lehman, 1952
Jacobulus novus Lehman, 1952 (type species)
Genus Thomasinotus Lehman, 1952
Thomasinotus divisus Lehman, 1952 (type species)
Genus Albertonia Gardiner, 1966
Albertonia cupidinia (Lambe, 1916) (type species)
Genus Lehmanotus Beltan, 1968
Lehmanotus markubai Beltan, 1968 (type species)
Genus Devillersia Beltan, 1968
Devillersia madagascariensis Beltan, 1968 (type species)
Genus Piveteaunotus Beltan, 1968
Piveteaunotus ifasiensis Beltan, 1968 (type species)
Genus Icarealcyon Beltan, 1980
Icarealcyon malagasium Beltan, 1980 (type species)
Genus Jurongia Liu et al., 2002
Jurongia fusiformis Liu et al., 2002 (type species)
Genus Qingshania Liu et al., 2002
Qingshania cercida Liu et al., 2002 (type species)
Genus Suius Liu et al., 2002
Suius brevis Liu et al., 2002 (type species)
Genus Candelarialepis Romano et al., 2019
Candelarialepis argentus Romano et al., 2019 (type species)
Family Promecosominidae Wade, 1940
Genus Promecosomina Wade, 1935
Promecosomina formosa (Woodward, 1890) (type species) (= P. beaconensis Wade, 1935)
See also
List of prehistoric bony fish genera
References
Early Triassic fish
Prehistoric fish orders
Thripadectes is a genus of Neotropical birds in the ovenbird family Furnariidae.
Taxonomy
The genus was established by Philip Sclater in 1862 with the flammulated treehunter as the type species. The name Thripadectes is a combination of the Greek words or , meaning "woodworm" and , meaning "biter" (from , meaning "to bite").
The genus contains seven species:
Flammulated treehunter, Thripadectes flammulatus
Striped treehunter, Thripadectes holostictus
Uniform treehunter, Thripadectes ignobilis
Black-billed treehunter, Thripadectes melanorhynchus
Streak-breasted treehunter, Thripadectes rufobrunneus
Peruvian treehunter, Thripadectes scrutator
Streak-capped treehunter, Thripadectes virgaticeps
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Wali Ahmad (Pashtoولي احمد), known as Sandakai (Mulla), was a religious cleric, and reformer who was influential during the formation of Swat State.
Early life and education
Wali Ahmad was born at Sandakai, a small village in Chakisar, Swat. Born into a religious family, they were given religious education locally. They proceeded to Madrasah-i-Deoband for higher studies. They then visited Makkah for the performance of Hajj and travelled to Syria, Baghdad and other centers of Muslim civilization.
Anti British movement
Wali Ahmad returned from abroad and opened a religious school (Madrasah) at Tahkal (Peshawar). In those days Haji Sahib of Turangzai was working against the British. Wali Ahmad was very much inspired by Haji Sahib. They went to Swat, in 1910, and organized the people in Swat and Kohistan against the British.
Reformation of society
Wali Ahmad (Sandakai Mullah) was against the aberrations in Islamic customs and rituals prevalent in Swat. So they continued to struggle for the formation of an Islamic government in Swat. They built a force of fifty to sixty shaykhs (disciples) equipped with the latest weapons and were ready for every kind of action ordered by their pir (religious leader). They established their own mobile Shari'at Court where they tried to compensate and remove the grievances of people. They declared many prevalent practices such as Qada 'Umri, Iskhat and visiting shrines of saints to be innovations in Islam.
Their role in the formation of Swat State
At that time, there was no government and central controlling authority in Swat. Wali Ahmad wanted a united government of Swat to eliminate the influence of the Nawab of neighboring Dir. The Khans of Swat supported him. The people of upper Swat, under the command of Sandakai Mullah, defeated the Nawab in 1914, which made the former a political leader. Sandakai Mullah was desirous f having a centralized organization Swat. Thus, Syed Abdul Jabbar Shah of Sithanah was made ruler of Swat in 1915. But they could not manage to protect Swat from the attacks of Nawab of Dir. Sandakai Mullah, who had first brought and made Abdul Jabbar Shah as king in Swat, drove them out and enthroned Miangul Abdul Wadud as the ruler of Swat, thus playing the role of kingmaker and king breaker.
The fate of Sandakai Mulla
With the passage of time, their relations with Miangul Abdul Wadud also became strained. He, again focused their attention on the eradication of innovations and un-Islamic rituals. They re-established their mobile Shari'at Court and executed their orders. The Badshah Sahib considered their presence and influence as serious threat to their power. So they wanted to reduce and diminish their role and influence. Miangul Abdul Wadud sent them their men and threatened them to leave Swat or they will be killed. The Badsha had now become so strong that nobody could challenge him. So, ultimately Sandakai Mullah left Swat in 1920 and settled in Kohan, Dir, where they died a natural death in 1356 A.H. (1937/1938 AD)
See also
Swat (princely state)
Fazlullah (militant leader)
Swat District
References
Pashtun people
People from Swat District
1930s deaths
Year of birth missing
Year of death uncertain
A 2-8-8-4 steam locomotive, under the Whyte notation, has two leading wheels, two sets of eight driving wheels, and a four-wheel trailing truck. The type was generally named the Yellowstone, a name given it by the first owner, the Northern Pacific Railway, whose lines ran near Yellowstone National Park. Seventy-two Yellowstone-type locomotives were built for four U.S. railroads.
Other equivalent classifications are:
UIC classification: 1DD2 (also known as German classification and Italian classification)
French classification: 140+042
Turkish classification: 45+46
Swiss classification: 4/5+4/6
Russian classification: 1-4-0+0-4-2
The equivalent UIC classification is, refined for Mallet locomotives, (1′D)D2′.
A locomotive of this length must be an articulated locomotive. All Yellowstones had fairly small drivers of . (For greater speeds, the Union Pacific Railroad chose a four-wheel leading truck and drivers of for its Big Boy 4-8-8-4 class.)
Several classes of Yellowstone, especially the Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range's locomotives, are among the largest steam locomotives, with the exact ranking depending on the criteria used.
Northern Pacific
The Northern Pacific Railway was the first railroad to order a 2-8-8-4. The first was built in 1928 by American Locomotive Company; at the time, it was the largest locomotive ever built. It had the largest firebox ever applied to a steam locomotive, some in area, to burn Rosebud coal, a cheap low-quality coal. But the firebed was too large for the available draft and the fire burned poorly and developed under 5,000 horsepower. The problem was mitigated by blocking off the first few feet of the grates. Baldwin Locomotive Works built 11 more for the Northern Pacific in 1930. No examples have been preserved.
Southern Pacific
The Southern Pacific Railroad's famous "cab forward" articulated steam locomotives were effectively a Yellowstone in reverse. This was done to spare the crew from the heavy smoke output of the large engines on the former Central Pacific, where tunnels and snow sheds were common and lengthy. One is on display at the California State Railroad Museum in Sacramento. The ready availability of fuel oil in California made them possible. The SP also owned some conventional 2-8-8-4s for use in areas where coal was plentiful and snow sheds were rare. Lima Locomotive Works built 12 AC-9 class locomotives in 1939; they had skyline casings with striped pilots. At first, they burned coal but were later converted to oil. None were saved.
Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range
The Duluth, Missabe and Iron Range Railway hauled iron ore in Minnesota. Iron ore is heavy and the DM&IR operated long trains of ore cars, requiring maximum power. These locomotives were based upon ten 2-8-8-2s that Baldwin had built in the 1930s for the Western Pacific Railroad. The need for a larger, coal-burning firebox and a longer, all-weather cab led to the use of a four-wheel trailing truck, giving them the "Yellowstone" wheel arrangement. They were the most powerful Yellowstones built, producing of tractive effort, and had the most weight on drivers so that they were less prone to slipping.
Eight locomotives (class M-3) were built by Baldwin in 1941. The Yellowstones met or exceeded the DM&IR specifications, so 10 more were ordered (class M-4). The second batch was completed in late 1943 after the Missabe's seasonal downturn in ore traffic, so some of the new M-4s were leased to and delivered directly to the Denver & Rio Grande Western.
The next winter, the D&RGW again leased the DM&IR's Yellowstones as helpers over Tennessee Pass, Colorado, and for other freight duties. The Rio Grande returned the Yellowstones after air-brake failure caused No. 224 to wreck on the Fireclay Loop. This was despite the Rio Grande's earlier assessment that these Yellowstones were the finest engines ever to operate there.
DM&IRs were the only Yellowstones to have a high-capacity pedestal or centipede tender, and had roller bearings on all axles. Some of the locomotives had a cylindrical Elesco feedwater heater ahead of the smoke stack, while others had a Worthington unit with its rectangular box in the same location.
Only one Yellowstone was retired before dieselization took place on the Missabe; No. 237 was sold for scrap after a wreck. The rest of the 2-8-8-4s were retired between 1958 and 1963 as diesel locomotives took over.
Of the eighteen built, three survive and are on display in Minnesota: No. 225 at Proctor, No. 227 at the Lake Superior Railroad Museum in Duluth and No. 229 at Two Harbors.
Baltimore and Ohio
When the U.S. entered World War II The American railroads saw increases in traffic. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, along with other railroads, wanted to purchase more of the diesel locomotives since they were showing improved performance over steam locomotives. But the War Production Board regulated the production of steam and diesel locomotives until the war emergency was over. So, along with producing 40 new class T-3 4-8-2 type locomotives built in-house at its Mt. Clare shops in Baltimore, Maryland, the B&O took delivery of 30 class EM-1 Yellowstones in 1944 and 1945, the largest number and the smallest of this type built by Baldwin as well as the most modern.
The EM-1 produced of tractive effort on drivers with steam pressure and four cylinders. The tender carried of water and 25 tons of coal. The engine weighed while the tender weighed for a combined . Nothing bigger could operate within the tunnel clearances and track restrictions on the B&O's main line.
They were equipped with the newest technology, including the Worthington feedwater heater, superheater with front-end throttle, Cyclone front end, thermic syphons, a lateral cushioning device in the front pair of drivers on both engines and the front wheels and the trailing truck, as well as roller bearings on all axles, engine and tender, which gave them the reputation of "yard creepers", because three men could move one on a level track with the cylinder cocks open.
B&O's president, Roy B. White, after inspecting the first one delivered, said to the general superintendent of motive power and equipment, A.K. Galloway, "Well, I must say, they have everything!"
Fleet numbers 7600–7619 were built and delivered in 1944 and 7620–7629 in 1945, all by the Baldwin Locomotive Works of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They went to work on the Cumberland Division's rugged West End subdivision with its more than 2% grades and tight curves, where with the older 2-8-8-0 EL classes, they hauled West Virginia coal and freights. Since the EM-1s had roller bearings throughout, they also handled mail and express trains, replacing two B&O class T-3 4-8-2 Mountains. That continued until January 21, 1947, when, near Oakland, Maryland, train 29 with engine 7625 derailed with the locomotive rolling onto the engineer's side, killing the engineer. The EM-1s were then restricted to coal and freight trains until the late 1950s, when the B&O used EM-1 No. 7600 for railfan trips.
The EM-1s also ran on the Pittsburgh Division over Sand Patch Grade near Meyersdale, Pennsylvania, with empty hoppers, iron ore or dolomite loads westbound, coal eastbound, as well as general freight in both directions. In the late 1950s, the B&O used EM-1 No. 7600 for railfan trips mostly between Cumberland, MD, and Connellsville, PA. Well-known photographer and Cumberland, MD native William P. Price captured, on still pictures and 8mm films, the EM-1s on the east side of Sand Patch pulling heavy trains with two of the B&O's 2-10-2 class S1 and S1a Big Sixes on the rear as helpers dispatched from Hyndman, PA.
Near the end of steam they were all sent out to Fairmont and Wheeling, West Virginia, and Lorain, Ohio, with lake-bound coal trains as well as runs between Willard, OH and Garrett, Indiana, until the B&O started to retire them in 1957, and all of them were scrapped.
But one locomotive, No. 659, almost made it to preservation. The B&O Railroad Museum in Baltimore selected this locomotive as one of its future museum exhibits. However, there was a mix-up in communication regarding the locomotive's status, and the salvage crew scrapped No. 659 where it stood. Thus, none of the EM-1s survive today.
Outside the United States
The metre-gauge Central Railway of Brazil took delivery of four 2-8-8-4s from the German firm of Henschel in 1937. They were the only narrow gauge locomotives of this wheel arrangement. They had the largest boilers ever used on a narrow-gauge simple expansion locomotive.
Soviet Russia constructed two 2-8-8-4 locomotives at the Kolomna Locomotive Works. These were the P38 Class numbers P38.001 and P38.002. The first locomotive carried partial casings over the boiler and smokebox typical of the 1950s. P38.002 bore no such adornments and had a more conventional appearance. Both engines had tenders with part bogie and part fixed frame similar to the American 'centipede' tenders.
Notes
External links
Web Site of ToyTrains1 2-8-8-4 Yellowstone Steam Locomotives
"Is This Monster Locomotive a or SHE?" Popular Mechanics Monthly, July 1930
88,2-8-8-4
Phantasmagore is the third studio album from the rock band Deadsy. It was released on August 22, 2006, through Immortal Records. It was the band's last album before their hiatus in 2007 and reformation in 2017.
Background
Deadsy first announced Phantasmagore in June 2003, and was tentatively slated for a release in late 2003/ early 2004 through their label, DreamWorks Records. This announcement was then followed a month later by the release of a snippet of a demo version of "Better than You Know". However, following the sale and merger of the label into Interscope, Deadsy and DreamWorks amicably parted ways in 2004, citing the changes in personnel at the label, though the band maintained they would still be working with Johnathan Davis' imprint label, Elementree Records. Davis also helped the band get signed to Immortal Records, whom Korn had been originally signed with.
Release and promotion
The band released a music video for "Babes in Abyss" on their website in May 2005.
In July 2006, the album's final release date and tracklist were revealed.
A video shoot for the original choice for first single, "Book of Black Dreams", was planned for June at the Sedlec Ossuary in Prague, but had to be rescheduled, and was later cancelled.
To promote the record, Deadsy participated in the 2006 Family Values Tour. An acoustic version of "Carrying Over" was recorded on tour and featured on the Family Values 2006 album. They also made an appearance at Lollapalooza 2006. Between October and November, the band toured with Deftones as their opening act.
Commercial performance
The album debuted at #176 on the Billboard 200 chart, selling 4,500 copies in its first week. Five weeks after its release, the album had sold 10,000 copies.
Track listing
There is an advance version of Phantasmagore which features all the songs on this album, although some are extended versions.
Much like the advance version, the 2020 remaster has extended versions of some songs.
Track 9 ("Phantasmagore") contains elements from Tangerine Dream's "No Future (Get Off the Babysitter)", featured on the Risky Business original soundtrack.
Track 10 ("Time") was originally titled "Sands of Time" and contains elements of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song". The synthesizer melody is a direct melodic reference to the song, and the accompanying guitar riffs may be somewhat derived from the song as well.
The album's tracks were known to have been in development as early as 2003.
Unreleased material
There are several tracks which were recorded but did not make it onto the album. A demo of one of these tracks, "Colossus", was given to MySpace members who participated in a promotional effort. The following tracks have been mentioned by the band in various interviews, yet did not appear on the album:
"Do You Want It All?"
"Comforter Cave"
"Heaven & Earth"
"Acacia"
"Strength of Mind"
"Dreamcrusher"
"Friends" was released as a single exclusively on iTunes, but was later included in the remastered version. The track "My Only Friend" (known as "Lady Day" on German release) appeared on the soundtrack for the movie Winter Passing and was recorded along with the Phantasmagore tracks. It is a cover, originally written and recorded by The Magnetic Fields. The track "Strength Of Mind” along with the band's cover of "Avalon" was leaked by Justin Perfect.
Personnel
Phillips Exeter Blue I: vocals, guitar, bass and synthesizers
Dr. Nner: synthesizer
Alec Püre: drums
Creature: bass
Carlton Megalodon: Z-tar
Marty O'Brien: bass on "Carrying Over" and "Phantasmagore"
Les Hall: piano on "Health & Theory"
Marty Alan: sitar on "Paint It Black"
Charts
References
2006 albums
Deadsy albums
The St. Alban Theological Seminary was established in Frisco, Texas in 1923 and is the official seminary of the Liberal Catholic Church International.
Students include those studying for holy orders as well as those whose interests are exclusively theological or spiritual. Courses include church history, doctrine, scripture, liturgy, theology, spirituality, counselling, homiletics, and comparative religion.
The seminary's website states: "Absolutely no claim of academic accreditation is made."
As of 2008, the Very Reverend Terence Herrera-LaFavre served as the last dean of the Alban seminary. After 2013, the seminary became the Archbishop Charles W. Finn Theological Seminary.
References
External links
St. Alban Theological Seminary
Liberal Catholic Church International
Seminaries and theological colleges in Texas
Freddy and Simon the Dictator (1956) is the 24th book in the generally humorous children's series Freddy the Pig written by American author Walter R. Brooks and illustrated by Kurt Wiese. It tells how animals in New York State rebel against humans, destroying property and taking control of farms. At the same time, Freddy's friend Mr. Camphor is pressured into running for governor. The situations collide when animals take over Camphor's estate, imprisoning the political figures there.
Author Brooks was in ill health. There is an element of finality toward the end of the story, as Freddy's foe Mr. Garble (encountered 13 books and 13 years before) is at last jailed. All animals are given the right to vote in human elections. Uncharacteristically foretelling, Brooks writes that years later Freddy is elected mayor of Centerboro. (p. 243)
Elements of its plot are similar to George Orwell's 1945 novel Animal Farm.
Plot summary
The local rabbits have been much help to the Bean animals, so it is a surprise that some are vandalizing and stealing. Confronted, instead of apologizing, a rabbit criticizes Mrs. Bean, then gives ridiculous evidence that their husband was eaten by the Beans. Freddy and Jinx the cat investigate, discovering that the Grimby house in the woods next to the farm is used for political meetings. The speaker, inside a mechanical man that amplifies and distorts their voice, encourages the animal assembly to be "free" of humans. Freddy guesses their foe Mr. Garble is behind it. The A.B.I. (Animal Bureau of Investigation) is alerted to watch.
Freddy's friend Mr. Camphor is asked to run for governor. This does not suit them ("I could sound like a fine governor, if I didn't have to do any governing." p. 32). Camphor asks Freddy to visit the political meeting at their mansion, to say bad things about Camphor's suitability. The pig, in their disguise as Dr. Hopper, invents faults, including that Camphor giggles in church and during speeches. But the political committee manages to see the bright side of these faults.
Money was stolen, and Mr. Bean's handkerchief found at the crime scene. Since Mr. Bean's laundry was stolen by rabbits, Freddy suspects a plot to organize animals against humans, telling lies that might be eventually believed. Miss Anguish, Camphor's sister, is one of the guests. Them thinking is spacey, but it may be an act. They state that Freddy is a Hollywood film director. (So now Freddy is dealing with three odd sorts of thinking at once.)
Freddy tries convincing the committee again that Camphor is an unsuitable candidate: They propose that all animals be given the right to vote! While the committee is deliberating, Freddy investigates the money theft.
Before they can collect evidence, Mr. Bean is jailed. Camphor joins the local Indian tribe to hide. Jinx discovers Simon the rat has returned, and with Mr. Garble is encouraging all animals to revolt and take control of farms from humans. To infiltrate the group, Jinx determines to pretend they have joined the revolution.
Freddy and Camphor's butler, Bannister, are unable to convince Camphor to return; they have disguised themselves as an Indian. The A.B.I. discovers the hideout where Garble is managing the revolution. They capture him, and smash the mechanical man used to make speeches.
It is too late to stop the revolution, however. Farms are taken over, including the Bean farm, which is then run by Jinx. Since the Bean animals do not know Jinx is undercover, they take considerable abuse. To strike at the revolution, Freddy gets the cooperation of the captured Garble by convincing them that the Indians will burn them at the stake. Then Freddy turns to Simon, and for a while follows Jinx's lead — only to trick Simon into sitting a cage disguised as a throne. With Simon out of the way, Camphor decides to appeal directly to the animals of the revolution, promising them the right to vote — which will make them the equals of people. This strikes a chord, and the revolution falters. Employing the aid of the dogs, who have generally stay loyal to their human masters, the farms are gradually recovered.
Garble escapes. They capture Freddy, Miss Anguish and Jinx, holding them for ransom. Miss Anguish tries to confuse their captors, but finally in desperation they set a fire to attract attention. Garble is recaptured and sent to prison. Simon and their criminal family are packed in a crate that is indefinitely shipped from place to place. The revolution fails. With the animal vote, Camphor becomes governor.
Illustrations
There are 38 black and white, pen and ink drawings by Kurt Wiese, endpapers, and a full color cover, both depicting scenes from the book. Each chapter starts with a half page illustration, while a full page illustration is placed close to an event within each chapter.
Critical reception
Each book in the series received moderately positive to strongly positive critical review in sources such as the Times Literary Supplement, and Hornbook, The New York Times, and Kirkus Reviews.
Kirkus (Nov. 12, 1956) "Simon the rat…rouses Freddy to those detective and protective measures which have endeared them to a long line of readers...Freddy's adventuring and politickings, their eventual quashing of the upstart rodents, mock some incidents we can think of in real life and form a pleasant expression of enlightened conservatism."
Publication history
The first edition was published in hardcover in 1956 by Knopf. The price was $3.00 (about $19.00 in 2008 USD). The book was republished in 2003 by the Overlook Press using the original illustrations, text and layout. Unabridged audio recordings lasting 4.75 hours were read by John McDounough, and available as CDs or cassette tapes from Recorded Books in 2006.
References
External links
LCCN Permalink (Knopf)
1956 American novels
Alfred A. Knopf books
Freddy the Pig books
1956 children's books
Helena Stone Torgerson (1878 – September 9, 1941) was an American harpist and composer of harp music, based in Chicago.
Early life
Helena Stone was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, the daughter of Frank A. Stone and India E. Colestock Stone. Them father was a manufacturer.
Career
Helena Stone played harp at public events from their teenaged years. In 1899 they replaced Edmund Schuecker as harpist of the Bruno Steindel Concert Company. They were listed among the best-known women harpists in the United States in 1908, and in 1926 Torgerson was described as "Chicago's best woman harpist."
Torgerson performed as a solo harpist and in ensemble, and sometimes played their own compositions. They also gave talks about harp music and the history of the instrument. They had a custom-made concert harp, "built on larger scale than is commonly used", for "bigness and resonance of the tone". "Mrs. Torgerson plays the harp in an altogether superior way," commented one writer in 1913, adding that "besides possessing transcendent technic for the instrument, they are a thorough musician and has abundant good taste in interpretation."
Torgerson also taught harp and composed harp music. They studied composition with Adolf Weidig in Chicago. They dedicated their composition "The Squirrel" (1915) to "my little son". Torgerson published Harp Music, a collection of harp pieces organized for teaching purposes.
Personal life
Helena Stone Torgerson married Lloyd R. Torgerson and had a son, Frank Stone Torgerson. They died from a stroke in 1941, aged 63 years, in Rapid City, South Dakota, while touring.
References
External links
Helena Stone Torgerson scores at IMSLP Petrucci Music Library
1878 births
1941 deaths
American harpists
American composers
Musicians from Chicago
Starye Maty () is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Staromatinsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 975 as of 2010. There are 16 streets.
Geography
Starye Maty is located 13 km northeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dubrovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
USS Scorpion (SS-278) – a Gato-class submarine – was the fifth ship of the United States Navy to be named for the scorpion.
Them keel was laid down by Portsmouth Naval Shipyard of Kittery, Maine, on 20 March 1942. They were launched on 20 July 1942 sponsored by Ms. Elizabeth T. Monagle, and commissioned on 1 October 1942.
World War II
Following further yard work and fitting out, Scorpion conducted shakedown operations off the southern New England coast in January 1943 and sailed for Panama in late February. In mid-March they transited the Panama Canal, arriving at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii on 24 March. There they underwent modifications which included the installation of a bathythermograph, a then-new oceanographic instrument to enable them to locate and hide in thermal layers that minimized the effectiveness of sonar equipment.
On 5 April, Scorpion departed Pearl Harbor for their first war patrol, a hunting and mining mission off the east coast of Honshū. On 19 April, they reached the mining area near Nakaminato. During the afternoon they reconnoitered the coast and in the evening they laid their naval mines, then retired to deep water. On 20 April, they sank their first enemy ship – a converted gunboat, Meiji Maru No.1. On 21 April, prior to 01:00, they fired on and destroyed their first sampan in surface action, then moved up the coast to observe the fishing grounds, shipping lanes, and coastline of the Shioya Saki area. On the night of 22 April, they destroyed three more sampans with gunfire and continued north toward Kinkasan To.
With the absence of shipping along the coastal lanes, they moved seaward and on 27 April sighted a convoy of four freighters escorted by a destroyer. At 04:59, they launched four torpedoes at the first and largest merchantman; two at the second; then dived and rigged for depth charging. At 05:05, the destroyer dropped their first depth charges. A half-hour later, the Japanese warship broke off their search for Scorpion to aid the stricken passenger-cargo ship. While Scorpion escaped with slight damage, the merchant vessel Yuzan Maru sank.
On 28 April, Scorpion received orders home. En route on 29 April, they sighted and engaged a patrol vessel, which they left burning to the waterline. On the morning of 30 April they stalked, fired on, and finally torpedoed and sank a patrol ship Ebisu Maru No.5. During the 105-minute fight, however, Scorpion received their first casualty. Lt. Cdr. R. M. Raymond – on board as prospective commanding officer – was hit and killed by gunfire.
Soon after the patrol vessel went down, an enemy plane appeared. Scorpion submerged, survived the plane's depth charges and continued toward Midway Island and Pearl Harbor, arriving on 8 May.
With a /50 guns in place of their /50 guns, Scorpion set out on their second war patrol on 29 May. On 2 June, they refueled at Midway, and on 21 June they arrived off Takara Jima in the Tokara Gunto. For the next week, they searched for targets in that archipelago in an effort to disrupt shipping on the Formosa-Nagasaki routes. On 28 June, they shifted their hunt to the Yellow Sea and, by 30 June, was off the Shantung Peninsula. On 3 July, they sighted a five-freighter convoy with one escort making its way through the eastern waters of that sea. By 09:55, they had sent torpedoes toward the convoy and dived. As the depth charging began, they struck bottom at . Two charges exploded close by. Between 10:02 and 10:06, five more shook their hull. Fearing that they were stirring up a mud trail, the commander ordered their screws stopped and they settled on the bottom at . At 10:08, a chain or cable was dragged over their hull. Four minutes later, their hull was scraped a second time. Immediately underway again, they began evasive course changes and escaped further exploding charges. The hunt continued for over an hour; and at 11:49, Scorpion came to periscope depth; spied the destroyer off; and cleared the area. Postwar examination of Japanese records show that Scorpion scored five hits, and sank a freighter – the Anzan Maru – and a passenger-cargo ship – the Kokuryu Maru.
Because of damage received during the depth charging, Scorpion retraced their route through Tokara Gunto; underwent a bomber attack east of Akuseki Jima; and continued on to Midway. On 26 July, they arrived back at Pearl Harbor, underwent repairs, conducted training exercises, and, on 13 October, departed Pearl Harbor for their third war patrol. After touching at Midway on 17 October, they headed for the Mariana Islands, where they reconnoitered Pagan Island and Agrihan Island on 25–26 October, and Farallon de Pajoras on 1–2 November. On the last date, they struck an uncharted pinnacle; but suffering no apparent damage, continued their patrol. On 3 November, they were off Maug; and, two days later, they sighted their first target, a Mogami-class heavy cruiser. Squalls interfered, however, and they abandoned the target after a four-hour chase. On 7 November, they were back off Agrihan; and on 8 November, they closed with a freighter, which turned and gave chase. The freighter was a Q-ship, a warship disguised as a merchantman. Unable to regain the advantage, Scorpion retired.
Poor weather continued to plague the submarine's hunting until, on 13 November, they sighted a freighter and a tanker escorted by three warships. Firing their torpedoes, they scored on the oiler, which went dead in the water; the Shiretoko was damaged. One of the escorts dropped depth charges, then rejoined the formation. On 14 November, Scorpion patrolled near Rota; and, on 15 November, they watched for targets off Saipan.
For the next week, the submarine continued to work the shipping lanes of the Marianas without success. Heavy seas and squalls continued to shelter enemy traffic. On 22 November, they sighted transport accompanied by two destroyers and a corvette. They stalked the formation for 16 hours but was unable to fire. A few hours later, low on fuel, they headed home.
Departing Pearl Harbor on 29 December, Scorpion stopped at Midway to top off with fuel, and left that place on 3 January 1944 to conduct their fourth war patrol. Them assigned area was in the northern East China Sea and Yellow Sea. Them last commander was Lt. Cdr. Maximilian Gmelich Schmidt.
On the morning of 5 January, Scorpion reported that one of their crew members sustained a fractured foot via dropping a crate of oranges on it during the restocking of inventories in high seas. The Scorpion requested a rendezvous with which was returning from patrol and was near them The rendezvous was accomplished on that afternoon. "Scorpion reports case under control." Scorpion was never seen or heard from again after their departure from that rendezvous and reported "sunk and lost at sea". On 16 February, and Scorpion were warned that they were close together, and that an enemy submarine was in the vicinity.
No Japanese information indicates that the loss of Scorpion was the result of enemy anti-submarine tactics. There were, however, several mine lines across the entrance to the Yellow Sea. The presence of these mine lines and the "restricted area" bounding them was discovered from captured Japanese Notices to Mariners at a much later date. In the meantime, several submarines had made patrols in this area, crossing and recrossing the mine lines without incident, and coming safely home. It is probable that these mine lines were very thin, offering only about a 10% threat to submarines at maximum, and steadily decreasing in effectiveness with the passage of time. Scorpion was lost soon after these mines were laid, at a time when they were the greatest threat. They could have been an operational casualty, but their area consisted of water shallow enough so that it might be expected that some men would have survived. Since there are no known survivors, the most reasonable assumption is that they hit a mine.
Awards
Scorpion earned three battle stars for their World War II service.
References
External links
On Eternal Patrol: USS Scorpion
Gato-class submarines
World War II submarines of the United States
Lost submarines of the United States
Ships built in Kittery, Maine
1942 ships
World War II shipwrecks in the Yellow Sea
Maritime incidents in January 1944
Ships sunk by mines
Ships lost with all hands
Electromagnetic navigation bronchoscopy (ENB) is a medical procedure utilizing electromagnetic technology designed to localize and guide endoscopic tools or catheters through the bronchial pathways of the lung. Using a virtual, three-dimensional (3D) bronchial map from a recently computed tomography (CT) chest scan and disposable catheter set, physicians are able to navigate to a desired location within the lung to biopsy lesions, stage lymph nodes, insert markers to guide radiotherapy or guide brachytherapy catheters.
Components
The ENB system consists of four essential components:
A disposable working channel (or sheath) that extends beyond the reach of the bronchoscope and becomes a pathway to the lesion for subsequent diagnosis and treatment;
A disposable guide catheter which contains a location sensor at its distal tip and is capable of 360° steering;
The software which provides the physician with planning and navigation views of the lungs via a merged CT image;
The hardware which includes the computer, monitors and the electromagnetic board.
Overview
Electromagnetic navigation bronchoscopy consists of two primary phases: planning and navigation. In the planning phase previously acquired CT scans are utilized to mark and plan pathways to targets within the lung. In the navigation phase these previously planned targets and pathways are displayed and can be utilized for navigation and access deep within the lung. Upon arriving at the target ENB enables multiple applications all within the same procedure.
Planning Phase
CT scans of the patient's chest are loaded into proprietary software that reconstructs the patient's airways in multiple 3D images. The physician utilizes these images to mark target locations and plan pathways to these target locations within the lungs.
Navigation Phase
Using the planned pathway created in the Planning Phase and real-time guidance, the physician navigates the steerable sensor probe and extended working channel to the desired target location(s). Once at the desired location, the physician locks the extended working channel in place and the steerable sensor probe is removed. The extended working channel provides access to the target lesion for standard bronchoscopic tools or catheters.
History
According to the Aetna Clinical Policy Bulletin on ENB, "In 2004, the FDA cleared for marketing through the 510(k) process the Medtronic superDimension/Bronchus system, also known as the inReach system (superDimension, Ltd, Israel), a minimally invasive image-guidance localization and navigation system that uses electromagnetic guidance for the management of peripheral lung lesions. The system consists of several components: a guide catheter, a steerable navigation catheter, and planning and navigation software and hardware (i.e., computer and monitor). Navigation is facilitated by an electromagnetic tracking system that detects a position sensor incorporated into a flexible catheter advanced through a bronchoscope. Information obtained during bronchoscopy is super-imposed on previously acquired computed tomography (CT) data and 3-dimensional virtual images. The system was designed to solve the clinical problem of reaching small suspected lesions in the peripheral lung airways and mediastinal lymph nodes and is being proposed as an alternative to open surgical biopsy of distant lung lesions and as an alternative to transthoracic implantation of radiosurgical markers."
Field use and prospective studies
Despite the medical advances of detection, diagnosis and treatment methods throughout the past 50 years, lung cancer causes more deaths than any other cancer in both men and women. Currently, lung cancer is the most common form of cancer diagnosed in the United States and a major cause of death, accounting for 14% of all cancers.
The most effective way of stopping cancer comes at diagnosis and treatment in the early stages. Lung cancer diagnosed in the early stages yields an 88% survival rate at ten years versus 16% at five years when found in the later stages, although 88% rate has only been achieved once.
Although 1 in 500 chest X-rays show a peripheral lesion, 65% of traditional bronchoscopes fail to reach these distant lesions. More invasive diagnostic techniques are then necessary, posing a greater potential for complications such as pneumothorax.
Patients with poor lung function may not tolerate more invasive procedures, leaving them with "watchful waiting" as their only option.
There are four publications that show that peripheral lung lesions can be diagnosed successfully in 69% to 86% of cases using the Medtronic superDimension system.
According to the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine, a prospective ... study was conducted to determine the ability of electromagnetic navigation bronchoscopy to sample peripheral lung lesions and mediastinal lymph nodes with standard bronchoscopic instruments and demonstrate safety the ENB." The results provided a "yield/procedure [rate at] 74% and 100% for peripheral lesions and lymph nodes, respectively." Additionally, "a diagnosis was obtained in 80.4% of bronchoscopic procedures." The study concluded that ENB "is a safe method for sampling peripheral and mediastinal lesions with high diagnostic yield independent of lesion size and location".
A similar study of 40 patients issued in the European Respiratory Journal resulted in an overall 62.5% diagnostic yield and concluded;
"electromagnetic navigation bronchoscopy without additional fluoroscopic guidance is a safe and efficient technique for the diagnosis of peripheral pulmonary nodules. The overall diagnostic yield found in the present study is superior to rates reported in most previous studies performed for small peripheral pulmonary nodules with bronchoscopy".
Virtual bronchoscopy continues to be an active subject for basic engineering research. The Bioelectromagnetics group at University College Cork has developed a novel low-cost tracking system for use in electromagnetic navigation bronchoscopy. The group is also collaborating with the Surgical Planning Laboratory at Harvard Medical School to develop the world's first open-source virtual bronchoscopy module to be implemented in the 3DSlicer environment.
References
Interventional radiology
Norwood Arena Speedway was a 1/4-mile oval race track in Norwood, Massachusetts that operated between 1948 and 1972.
History
The track was built in 1948 with the intention of dog racing coupled with parimutuel betting. When gambling was not approved for the county, the plans were scrapped. Despite this setback, the track was converted to auto racing which experienced tremendous growth following the end of the second World War. The track held one NASCAR Grand National Series event in 1961. Besides stock car racing, Norwood Arena Speedway featured midget and sports car racing, drag racing, and other sporting events between 1948 and 1972, when Norwood Arena Speedway closed at the end of stock car racing season.
The track hosted a variety of racing divisions during its 25-year run. This track was the most prominent in the Northeast circuit, and gave rise to notable drivers such as Bugsy Stevens, Leo Cleary, George Savary, Don MacTavish, and Pete Hamilton. MacTavish was an early success and poised for a tremendously successful career until they were tragically killed at Daytona in 1969. Hamilton, a peer of MacTavish and from the same racing clique in Needham, won the 1970 Daytona 500 driving the No. 40 Plymouth Superbird for the Richard Petty Enterprises race team.
More information can be found on the Norwood Arena Speedway historic web site www.norwoodarena.com.
In popular culture
The history of the track is covered in a book title by former race car driver Lew Boyd, Hot Cars Cool Drivers, and in a 2014 independent documentary film, Norwood Arena Movie.
References
1948 establishments in Massachusetts
1972 disestablishments in Massachusetts
Motorsport venues in Massachusetts
NASCAR tracks
Yaakov Katz (, born 1979) is an American-born Israeli journalist and author who currently serves as the Editor-in-Chief of The Jerusalem Post.
Career
Katz completed a law degree from Bar Ilan University in 2007, and in 2013, was selected as an outstanding alumnus.
From 2003 to 2013 Katz was the military correspondent and defense analyst for The Jerusalem Post, and has also worked as the Israel correspondent for Jane's Defence Weekly and USA Today. Their writings have also appeared in the Washington Post, New York Post, Daily Beast, Al Jazeera English, Israel Defense, Newsmax, Special Operations Report, Fair Observer and other publications.
In 2012-2013, Katz was one of 12 international fellows to spend a year at the Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard.
In 2013 Katz became a Senior Foreign Policy Advisor to Israel's Minister of Education and Diaspora Affairs Naftali Bennett.
They became Editor-in-Chief at The Jerusalem Post in 2016.
Their first book, Israel vs. Iran: The Shadow War, which Katz co-authored with Yoaz Hendel was published by Potomac Books in 2012 in the US and by Kinneret Zmora-Bitan in Israel, where it spent several weeks on the bestseller list.
Their second book, Weapons Wizards, written together with veteran Walla News military correspondent Amir Bohbot was published by St. Martin's Press in the Winter of 2017 and tells the behind-the-scenes story of how Israel invented its revolutionary weapons and military technology. It has been translated in Czech, Polish, Hebrew and Mandarin.
Their most recent book Shadow Strike: Inside Israel's Secret Mission to Eliminate Syrian Nuclear Power was published in May 2019 by St. Martin's Press. It was chosen as a finalist for the Sami Rohr Prize for Jewish Literature.
Katz has lectured at dozens of college campuses across the US and is a frequent speaker on issues relating to Israeli security and Middle East politics.
Personal life
Originally from Chicago, Katz moved to Israel in 1996. They live in Jerusalem with their wife and their four children.
Bibliography
Israel vs. Iran: The Shadow War, with Yaoz Hendel (Zmora -Bitan Books, April 2011, Potomac Books 2012, ) Google Books
The Weapon Wizards: How Israel Became a High-Tech Military Superpower, with Amir Bohbot (St. Martin's Press, January 2017, )
Shadow Strike: Inside Israel's Secret Mission to Eliminate Syrian Nuclear Power (St. Martin's Press, May 2019, )
References
Living people
1979 births
People from Chicago
Jewish American journalists
20th-century American Jews
American emigrants to Israel
Israeli journalists
Israeli civil servants
Bar-Ilan University alumni
Harvard University alumni
The Jerusalem Post people
Kwun Tong On Tai () is one of the 40 constituencies in the Kwun Tong District.
Created for the 2019 District Council elections, the constituency returns one district councillor to the Kwun Tong District Council, with an election every four years.
Kwun Tong On Tai loosely covers part of the public housing estates On Tai Estate, Shun Lee Estate and Shun On Estate. It has projected population of 20,739.
Councillors represented
Election results
2010s
References
Kwun Tong
Constituencies of Hong Kong
Constituencies of Kwun Tong District Council
2019 establishments in Hong Kong
Constituencies established in 2019
The women's 200 metres event at the 2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships was held on March 9–10.
Medalists
Results
Heats
The winner of each heat (Q) and next 6 fastest (q) qualified for the semifinals.
Semifinals
First 2 of each semifinal (Q) qualified directly for the final.
Final
References
Results
2001 IAAF World Indoor Championships
200 metres at the IAAF World Indoor Championships
2001 in women's athletics
Luciano Gasperini (Lonigo, 15 June 1935) is an Italian Venetist politician.
They have been senator for Northern League–Venetian League from 1996 to 2001 ands chairperson of the party's group from 1999 to 2000. In 1999 they were the Northern League's candidate for the post of President of the Italian Republic. In 1999 and 2004 they were candidate for Mayor of Padua. In 2002–2005 they were federal president of the party and from 2004 to 2006 they served as Undersecretary for regional affairs in Silvio Berlusconi's governments.
Gasperini is also known for having been the defendant in trial of Serenissimi.
References
1935 births
Living people
People from the Province of Vicenza
Lega Nord politicians
Venetist politicians
Senators of Legislature XIII of Italy
Candidates for President of Italy
Politicians of Veneto
Rumble Fish is a 1975 novel for young adults by S. E. Hinton, author of The Outsiders. It was adapted to film and directed by Francis Ford Coppola in 1983.
Plot
Rusty-James runs into their old friend, Steve Hays, at the beach. It has been five years since they last saw each other. Steve is in college and Rusty is not long out of the reformatory. When Steve looks at the scar on Rusty's side, Rusty tells them that they got it in a knife fight. Steve remembers. They tell Rusty they were there when it happened. When Steve mentions that Rusty looks just like someone from their past, Rusty thinks they could have been happy to see Steve again if they had not made them remember everything.
Rusty tells their story. At the age of 14, Rusty is hanging out at Benny's, playing pool with their friends when they learn that Biff Wilcox wants to kill him. Rusty seems to think that Biff wants to kill them for the comments they made about a girl named Anita. They tell their friends what they said, and when the gang agrees that Rusty is telling the truth, the notion of fighting about it seems silly.
Rusty gets angry with Steve for bringing up Motorcycle Boy (Rusty's older brother, a former leader of the gang) and makes plans to fight Biff. At the fight day, Rusty is spending some time with their girlfriend, Patty. They make out and James falls asleep while there, nearly missing the fight. Later, Rusty arrives to fight Biff and is accompanied by their friends Steve, Smokey Bennet, and B. J. Jackson. Biff, too, brings some friends for backup. Biff's erratic behavior leads Rusty to believe that they are on drugs, which causes them to worry that the fight will not be a fair one. Rusty's fears are confirmed when Biff pulls a knife. Rusty is able to knock the knife away from Biff and beats them until it appears the fight is over. The Motorcycle Boy arrives and announces their return. Rusty is momentarily distracted and vulnerable to being attacked. Biff seizes the opportunity to grab the knife and stabs Rusty in the side. Motorcycle Boy steps in and ends the fight by breaking Biff's wrist.
Motorcycle Boy and Steve manage to get Rusty home to the apartment the boys share with their mostly absent alcoholic father. Motorcycle Boy talks about their recent trip to California. Rusty falls asleep and dreams about their older brother. Rusty is uncomfortable being themselves and is preoccupied with becoming just like their brother.
Despite the knife wound, Rusty shows up for school the next day. After school, they steal a set of hubcaps from a car near Benny's, while Steve talks about their mother's recent hospitalization. The owner of the car notices the theft in progress and begins chasing the boys, accompanied by a couple of their friends. Rusty and Steve barely escape. The situation scares Steve, and they cry as they walk home. Rusty assumes that Steve is crying about their mother, but Rusty never knew their own mother, so they cannot relate.
When Patty finds out that Rusty had been with another girl at the party, they break up with him. Rusty feels there is nothing they can do to change what has happened. That same day, the principal at Rusty's school loses all patience with their misbehavior and truancy and informs Rusty that they are to be transferred to another school attended by Biff, their bitter rival. Rusty decides that they have nothing to lose by continuing their gang lifestyle. They recruit Motorcycle Boy and Steve to go out drinking, also to help them forget this terrible day.
Motorcycle Boy tells Rusty that while they were in California, they saw their mother. Rusty has only vague memories of them because they abandoned the family when they aged two. Rusty's father had begun drinking when their mother left.
After watching Motorcycle Boy play pool, Rusty and Steve get separated from them and end up in an unfamiliar part of town. The boys are mugged and Rusty was beaten. Once again, Motorcycle Boy saves them. Rusty goes to Steve's house and discovers that Steve's father had beaten them severely for staying out past curfew the night before. Rusty tells Steve that they are worried about their brother, but they are not sure why. They ask Steve to help keep an eye on him. Steve refuses because they cannot afford to do anything that would cause them to get into more trouble. Rusty leaves, and they will not see Steve until they meet at the beach in five years.
Rusty goes to Benny's and finds out that Patty is now dating their friend Smokey, who had set Rusty up by inviting the other girls to get Patty to break up with him. Instead of being angry, Rusty envies Smokey for being smart enough to think up that kind of plan. B. J. tells Rusty that Motorcycle Boy is in the pet store looking at the fish. Rusty goes to the pet store, and the two watch the fish. Motorcycle Boy calls them rumble fish because they would kill each other if they could. They wonder if the fish would still act that way if they were in the river.
Later that night, Motorcycle Boy breaks into the pet store and starts setting the animals free. Rusty tries to stop him, but it is no use. Motorcycle Boy grabs the rumble fish and heads for the river as police arrive. An officer fires a warning shot that hits him. They die near the river with the rumble fish flopping on the ground, dying beside him. Rusty knows the shooting was intentional. They scream and smashes their fists through the window of the police car.
Rusty is back on the beach with Steve, five years later. Steve asks them if they ever went back home after their brother's death. Rusty says no. Steve invites them out for dinner and tells them where to meet later. Rusty decides that they never wants to see Steve again so that they can start forgetting about Motorcycle Boy.
Characters
Rusty-James is the main character of the novel. Rusty-James is 14, and they have already started drinking, smoking, gang-fighting and playing pool for money, however normal this was. Rusty-James says that they and their older brother The Motorcycle Boy look alike (though nobody else thinks so), with the same "odd shade of dark red hair, like black-cherry pop" and eyes. Rusty-James says that their memory is screwed up sometimes; that's why at the very start of the book they have trouble remembering who their old-best friend, Steve Hays, is.
The Motorcycle Boy, whose real name is never mentioned, is Rusty-James' older brother.  They are said to have an obsession with motorcycles and is away from home for long periods of time. On a trip to California, they find their mother who left home when Rusty-James was very young. Everyone likes him. Rusty-James says that people look at him, stop, and then look again. Towards the end of the book The Motorcycle Boy is in the pet store staring at some Betta fish, which they call "Rumble Fish", hence the name of the book.
Steve Hays is Rusty-James' best friend. Rusty-James says that Steve is 14, like him, but looks 12. Unlike Rusty-James, Steve doesn't smoke, drink or fight.
Biff Wilcox is Rusty-James' rival, introduced early in the book when Rusty is told that Biff wants to kill him. They have a knife-fight where Rusty almost wins but is distracted by the arrival of The Motorcycle Boy; when Rusty-James looks at The Motorcycle Boy, Biff grabs the knife and slashes it across Rusty-James' side, leaving a long gash. Rusty-James is later expelled from school and placed in Biff's school.
Patty is Rusty-James' girlfriend until half-way through the book when they learn that Rusty-James was seen fooling around with a black-haired girl at a party. They and Rusty's friend Smokey later become a couple. Smokey later admits that they made sure Patty found out about Rusty-James and the girl so that they would date them instead.
Rusty-James' mother lives in California. They left a long time ago when Rusty was only a small boy.
Rusty-James' father lives with the boys but goes out drinking all day so they are hardly ever home; when they are home though they practically ignore Rusty. Motorcycle Boy tells Rusty-James that the reason they can't stand to be home alone is that when their mother left, they took Motorcycle Boy with them and their father went on a three-day drinking binge, and Rusty-James (age 2 at the time) was left alone to fend for themselves for that time.
Awards and nominations
ALA Best Books for Young Adults, 1975
School Library Journal Best Books of the Year, 1975
Land of the Enchantment Award, New Mexico Library Association, 1982
References
External links
1975 American novels
Novels by S. E. Hinton
American young adult novels
American novels adapted into films
In the 1957 Virginia gubernatorial election, incumbent Governor Thomas B. Stanley, a Democrat, was unable to seek re-election due to term limits. Virginia State Senator Theodore Roosevelt Dalton was once again nominated by the Republican Party to run against former Democratic Attorney General of Virginia J. Lindsay Almond.
Candidates
J. Lindsay Almond, former Attorney General of Virginia (D)
Theodore Roosevelt Dalton, Virginia State Senator (R)
Results
References
Gubernatorial
1957
Virginia
November 1957 events in the United States
Statistics of Lao League in the 2010 season.
Clubs
Lao Army FC
Bank FC
City Copy Center FC
Ezra FC
Lao-American College FC
Ministry of Public Security (MPS)
Ministry of Public Works and Transport FC
Vientiane FC
The season ran from 27 February to 11 April and all matches were played on Saturdays and Sundays at the Chao Anouvong Stadium in Vientiane. Bank of Laos were champions.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
1
Laos
Laos
The Soldier's Just Came Back is the fifth live album by the Japanese band Loudness. It was released in 2001 only in Japan and recorded during the successful Spiritual Canoe tour with the original line-up. At the same time a VHS with the videotape of the concert was released by Nippon Columbia.
Track listings
CD
"Loudness" - 5:40
"In the Mirror" - 4:47
"Crazy Doctor" - 4:20
"Dream Fantasy" - 4:30
"Crazy Night" - 6:48
"The End of Earth" - 4:38
"How Many More Times" - 5:56
"Lonely Player" - 7:53
"Esper" - 3:48
"So Lonely (Japanese Version)" - 7:53
"Stay Wild" - 5:47
"S.D.I." - 4:56
"Speed" - 7:11
"Farewell" - 2:59
VHS
"Opening"
"Loudness"
"In the Mirror"
"Show Me the Way"
"Esper"
"Milky Way"
"Mr. Yesman"
"Black Wall"
"Devil Soldier"
"Street Woman"
"Lonely Player"
"The End of Earth"
"The Winds of Victory"
"Drum Solo"
"How Many More Times"
"Guitar Solo"
"Crazy Doctor"
"Dream Fantasy"
"Crazy Night"
"So Lonely (Japanese version)"
"Stay Wild"
"S.D.I."
"Speed"
"Farewell"
Personnel
Loudness
Minoru Niihara - vocals
Akira Takasaki - guitars
Masayoshi Yamashita - bass
Munetaka Higuchi - drums
Production
Toshi Nakashita - producer
Masatoshi Sakimoto - engineer, mixing at ESP Musical Academy Studio
Hiroyuki Hosaka - mastering
Eiichi Yamakawa - executive producer
References
2001 live albums
Loudness (band) live albums
Live video albums
Loudness (band) video albums
2001 video albums
Nippon Columbia live albums
Columbia Records video albums
Albums recorded at Nakano Sun Plaza
Japanese-language live albums
The 38th Iowa Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Service
Personnel for the 38th Iowa Infantry were enrolled chiefly in five counties in northeastern Iowa: Fayette, Winneshiek, Bremer, Chickasaw, and Howard. The regiment was organized and trained at Camp Franklin, Dubuque, Iowa, and on November 4, 1862, was mustered in for 3 years' service. The regiment re-occupied New Madrid, Missouri, on January 2, 1863, garrisoning Fort Thompson, and patrolling the woods and swamps of New Madrid and Pemiscot Counties, along the Mississippi River. On June 6, 1863, the regiment left for Vicksburg, Mississippi, a Confederate stronghold, as part of Major General Francis Herron's Division.
The 38th Iowa Infantry arrived on June 11, 1863, in the vicinity of Vicksburg, where the Union Army of the Tennessee under Major General Ulysses S. Grant was besieging the city. In response to rumors of Confederate cavalry moving from Yazoo City, Mississippi, Herron's Division was ordered to a position on the southernmost portion of Grant's line. On June 14, 1863, the 38th Iowa Infantry crossed the Mississippi River, and occupied the bluff above Warrenton, Mississippi. On June 15, the 38th Iowa Infantry took a position on the extreme left of the line, extending from the river to a short distance across the Warrenton Road. Vicksburg surrendered on July 4, 1863.
The 38th Iowa Infantry was ordered on December 12, 1864, to be consolidated with the 34th Regiment, Iowa Volunteer Infantry. More than 500 men of the 38th were transferred to the 34th. The consolidation was completed on January 1, 1865.
On April 9, 1865, the consolidated 34th Iowa Infantry participated in the last major battle of the Civil War at Fort Blakeley, Alabama. The regiment (including many soldiers from the old 38th Iowa Infantry) charged 500 yards against a redoubt; the regiment's casualties included one soldier killed and seven wounded from the old 38th. The 34th Iowa Infantry mustered out August 15, 1865, in Houston, Texas.
Total strength and casualties
A total of 1037 men served in the 38th Iowa at one time or another during its existence.
The Regiment suffered 1 enlisted man (Bendick Bendickson) killed in action at Vicksburg on July 16, 1863, when they were shot through the head, and one other (Evelyn Califf) who died of their wounds there on July 1 after being struck by pieces of an exploding shell. Four officers and 311 enlisted men died of disease, for a total of 317 and losses from all other causes had been 180. Most of these men died or were discharged due to disease from mid-July 1863 to mid-October 1863. The mortality loss alone amounted to over thirty percent of the total number enrolled, while the aggregate number of its casualties constituted nearly fifty per cent of its total enrollment. The regiment, without having had the opportunity to participate in any one of the great pitched battles of the war, passed through a frightful struggle with disease and death, only surpassed by other regiments whose conflicts with the enemy involved the loss of so many lives in addition to those claimed by disease. This period, when the Regiment lost more men to disease than any other Iowa regiment will come to symbolize the Regiment,s place in Iowa's civil war history.
Commanders
Colonel William Brush - Commissioned as the regiment's commanding officer by Iowa Governor Samuel J. Kirkwood on September 12, 1862; commission revoked by governor for incompetence on October 26, 1862.
Colonel David Henry Hughes - Promoted from Lieutenant Colonel on October 27, 1862, to replace Brush. Died of disease August 7, 1863, at Port Hudson, Louisiana.
Major Charles Chadwick - Commanded regiment in place of Colonel Hughes from about August 1, 1863, until resigning on January 7, 1864.
Lieutenant Colonel Joseph O. Hudnutt - Last commander of the 38th Iowa Infantry, from about January 7, 1864, until December 31, 1864, when mustered out upon consolidation of the regiment with the 34th Iowa Infantry.
Colonel George W. Clark - Commander of the 34th Iowa Infantry; commander of the Consolidated 34th and 38th Regiment on January 1, 1864; brevet brigadier general, April 9, 1864; mustered out with regiment on August 15, 1865.
See also
List of Iowa Civil War Units
Iowa in the American Civil War
Notes
References
The Civil War Archive
Units and formations of the Union Army from Iowa
Military units and formations established in 1862
1862 establishments in Iowa
Military units and formations disestablished in 1864
1864 disestablishments in Iowa
Forrest E. Peden (October 3, 1913 – February 3, 1945) was a United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for their actions in World War II.
Biography
Peden joined the Army from Wathena, Kansas in February 1943, and by February 3, 1945, was serving as a technician fifth grade in Battery C, 10th Field Artillery Battalion, 3rd Infantry Division. On that day, near Biesheim, France, their unit was ambushed by a larger enemy force. After giving medical aid to two wounded soldiers, Peden ran for help despite intense enemy fire. They found a friendly tank and guided it to the ambush site, but was killed when the tank was hit by hostile fire. They were posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor a year later, on February 13, 1946.
Aged 31 at their death, Peden was buried at Mount Olive Cemetery in Troy, Kansas.
Medal of Honor citation
Technician Peden's official Medal of Honor citation reads:
See also
List of Medal of Honor recipients for World War II
References
1913 births
1945 deaths
People from St. Joseph, Missouri
United States Army personnel killed in World War II
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
United States Army non-commissioned officers
World War II recipients of the Medal of Honor
People from Doniphan County, Kansas
Maldanidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Capitellida.
Genera
Genera:
Abyssoclymene Hartman, 1967
Aclymeme Buzhinskaja, 1995
Aclymene Buzhinskaja, 1995
Asychis Kinberg, 1867
References
Phyllodocida
The spotted tody-flycatcher (Todirostrum maculatum) is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae, the tyrant flycatchers.
It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago, and Venezuela, and is mostly a species of the Amazon Basin countries and Guianan countries.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests, subtropical or tropical mangrove forests, subtropical or tropical moist shrubland, and heavily degraded former forest.
The spotted tody-flycatcher is a bird of the Amazon Basin and in the east the neighboring Araguaia River of the Araguaia-Tocantins River drainage. It ranges on the Caribbean coast into eastern Venezuela and the Guianas. Its range is mostly absent in the northeast Amazon Basin, which is known as the Guiana Shield region, where its sister species, the painted tody-flycatcher, has the center of its range.
References
External links
Spotted tody-flycatcher photo gallery VIREO Photo-High Res
Photo-High Res; Article oiseaux
Photo-High Res; Article https://www.nhlstenden.com/;"Suriname Birds"-(with Map)
spotted tody-flycatcher
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of Trinidad and Tobago
spotted tody-flycatcher
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The cinereous antshrike (Thamnomanes caesius) is an insectivorous bird in the antbird family Thamnophilidae. The term cinereous describes its colouration. It is found in Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname, and Venezuela. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
The cinereous antshrike was described by the Dutch zoologist Coenraad Jacob Temminck in 1820 and given the binomial name Muscicapa caesius. It is now placed in the genus Thamnomanes which was introduced by the German ornithologist Jean Cabanis in 1847. The specific epithet caesius is the Latin for "bluish gray".
There are five subspecies:
T. c. glaucus Cabanis, 1847 – east Colombia to northeast Peru, the Guianas and north Brazil
T. c. persimilis Hellmayr, 1907 – central Brazil
T. c. simillimus Gyldenstolpe, 1951 – south central Brazil
T. c. hoffmannsi Hellmayr, 1906 – east central Brazil
T. c. caesius (Temminck, 1820) – east Brazil
References
External links
Xeno-canto: audio recordings of the cinereous antshrike
Image at ADW
cinereous antshrike
Birds of the Amazon Basin
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
cinereous antshrike
Birds of Brazil
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Steve or Steven Turner is the name of:
Sports
Steve Turner (rugby league) (born 1984), Australian rugby league footballer
Steve Turner (Australian rules footballer) (born 1960), Australian rules footballer
Steven Turner (born 1987), Canadian football player
Steve Turner (tennis) (born 1946), American professional tennis player
Steve Turner (NASCAR team owner), team owner of Turner Scott Motorsports
Others
Steve Turner (game programmer), game programmer and composer
Steve Turner (guitarist) (born 1965), American musician
Steve Turner (journalist) (1930s – 2016), British journalist and trade union leader
Steve Turner (police commissioner) (born 1971), British police commissioner
Steve Turner (trade unionist) (born 1962), British trade unionist
Steve Turner (writer), British music journalist, biographer and poet
See also
Stephen Turner (disambiguation)
Michal Parnas () is an Israeli theoretical computer scientist known for their work on property testing and sublinear-time algorithms.  They are a professor of computer science at the Academic College of Tel Aviv-Yafo in Israel, where they were a founding faculty member and was also the dean of the school of computer science from 2011 to 2016.
Parnas is the daughter of neurobiologist (1935–2012). They were a master's student at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, working with Avi Wigderson on a 1990 master's thesis on Approximate Counting, Almost Uniform Generation and Random Walks. They completed their Ph.D. at the Hebrew University in 1994. Them dissertation, Robust Algorithms and Data Structures for Information Retrieval, was jointly supervised by Danny Dolev and Noam Nisan.  They are the co-author of a book in Hebrew on discrete mathematics, with Nati Linial.
References
External links
Home page
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Israeli women computer scientists
Israeli computer scientists
Theoretical computer scientists
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
Miss Philippines Earth 2016 was the 16th edition of the Miss Philippines Earth pageant. It was held on June 11, 2016 at the University of the Philippines Theater in Quezon City, Philippines. Angelia Gabrena Ong of Manila crowned Imelda Schweighart of Puerto Princesa City at the end of the event. Schweighart represented the Philippines at the Miss Earth 2016 pageant but failed to make it to the semifinals.
The coronation night was supposed to be held at the Aguinaldo Shrine in Kawit, Cavite but due to severe weather conditions, this was later moved to the UP Theater in Quezon City.
Due to the controversies prior to and after Miss Earth 2016, Imelda resigned from their duties as Miss Philippines Earth. Miss Philippines Earth-Water 2016 Loren Mar Artajos assumed the responsibilities Imelda has left. It was supposed to be handed over to Kiera Giel Gregorio but declined due to their law school commitments in London, therefore relinquishes their crown as well. Henceforth, those who are under Artajos move 2 steps higher and two semi-finalists are now part of the elemental court.
This is the first edition where the reigning Miss Philippines Earth and Miss Philippines Earth-Air resigned.
Results
Color keys
Eventual Results
Due to several resignations the final titles are as follows:
Special Awards
Challenge Events
Miss Friendship
The winners are:
Miss Photogenic (Miss Ever Bilena)
The winners are:
Talent Competition
The winners are:
Cultural Costume Competition
The winners are:
Swimsuit Competition
The winners are:
Trash to Class Competition
The winners are:
Cocktail Wear Competition
The winners are:
Resort Wear Competition
The winners are:
Evening Gown Competition
The winners are:
Darling of the Press
The winners are:
Delegates
The following is the list of the 46 official delegates of Miss Philippines Earth 2016 representing various cities, municipalities, provinces, and Filipino communities abroad, namely: the National Capital Region, Northern Luzon, Central Luzon, Southern Tagalog, Bicol, Minparom, Metro Manila, Eastern Visayas, Central Visayas, Western Visayas, Northern Mindanao, Southern Mindanao, and Zamboanga with the addition of 2 International representatives. Minparom will gradually move towards the Visayan region due to its geographical location which is closer to Visayas than the Luzon mainland.
Judges
References
External links
Miss Philippines Earth official website
2016
2016 beauty pageants
2016 in the Philippines
James Brett Wilks (born 5 April 1978) is an English film producer, vegan activist, a combatives expert and instructor, and former professional mixed martial artist. A professional from 2003 until 2012, they competed for the UFC, King of the Cage, and was the winner of Spike TV's The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom
Biography
Wilks was born and raised in Leicestershire, England. They attended Uppingham School. After leaving Uppingham in 1996, Wilks went to Bournemouth University, obtaining a Bachelor of Science degree in Business and Land Management. They moved to Winchester.
Mixed martial arts career
Wilks began training Karate and Bruce Lee's martial art style, Jeet Kune Do while living in the United Kingdom. Wilks holds black belts in Karate and Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu.
They had their first professional fight against The Ultimate Fighter 5 competitor, Roman Mitichyan. Wilks won the fight via armbar submission in the second round. After the fight they took around a year break from fighting so they could focus on training their students. They came back to have their second fight and lost to Jimmy Smith. Before going to tape The Ultimate Fighter 9, Wilks won the Gladiator Challenge welterweight title.
The Ultimate Fighter
They defeated the highly regarded Che Mills by submission in an elimination match earning them a trip to Las Vegas, Nevada to compete on the show. Wilks had their second fight against Team United States fighter Frank Lester; Wilks won by submission in the second round. In the semi-finals, Wilks faced Lester for a second straight time, after Lester returned to the tournament to defeat David Faulkner while substituting for Jason Pierce, who was removed from the competition by Dana White. In the rematch, Wilks defeated Lester by TKO via knees in the third round, earning a spot in the live finale.
Ultimate Fighting Championship
Wilks made their debut for the UFC winning against DaMarques Johnson at The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom Finale on 20 June 2009. The fight crowned Wilks as the TUF 9 welterweight champion. Wilks dominated the fight against Johnson showing off strong striking and good submission attempts. Wilks finished the fight with Johnson via a rear naked choke submission in the closing seconds of the first round.
Wilks lost to Matt Brown via 3rd-round TKO, on 14 November 2009 at UFC 105. After being knocked down in the second and being saved by the bell from a submission attempt, Wilks came back early in the third round, attempting a kimura, before losing top position. Brown then, from top position, secured the TKO victory. Prior to UFC 115, Wilks revealed that Brown had broken their orbital bone with an elbow strike after just 30 seconds of the first round.
Wilks then faced Peter Sobotta at UFC 115. They won the fight via unanimous decision.
Wilks next fought Canadian prospect Claude Patrick at UFC 120 in London. They lost the fight via unanimous decision.
Wilks was expected to face Rory MacDonald on 30 April 2011 at UFC 129. However, Wilks was replaced on the card by Nate Diaz.
Wilks was expected to replace Duane Ludwig, and face Amir Sadollah at UFC Fight Night 24. However, Wilks was also injured and was replaced by DaMarques Johnson.
Retirement
After suffering extensive injuries which included a fractured vertebra and after doctors told them they faced "significantly high risk of paralysis" if they continued to fight, Wilks announced their retirement from active MMA competition on 14 May 2012.
Personal life
Wilks has a wife named. Wilks is also known for their dedication to veganism.
James is also a combatives instructor.
The Game Changers
Wilks had a leading role in the documentary film The Game Changers (2018), advocating a primarily plant-based diet in high-performance sport and produced by James Cameron.
Championships and accomplishments
Brazilian jiu-jitsu
Gracie US Nationals
Gracie US Nationals 2008 Gold Medalist (Advanced Division, 185lbs)
Mixed martial arts
Ultimate Fighting Championship
The Ultimate Fighter Season 9 Winner
Gladiator Challenge
GC Welterweight Championship (One time)
Mixed martial arts record
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 7–4
| Claude Patrick
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 120
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| London, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 7–3
| Peter Sobotta
| Decision (unanimous)
| UFC 115
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 5:00
| Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 6–3
| Matt Brown
| TKO (punches)
| UFC 105
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 2:26
| Manchester, England
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 6–2
| DaMarques Johnson
| Submission (rear naked choke)
| The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom Finale
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 4:54
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 5–2
| Mike Robles
| Submission (armbar)
| GC 85: Cross Fire
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:27
| San Diego, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 4–2
| John Cole
| TKO (knees)
| Apocalypse Fights 1: The First Sign
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:26
| Coachella, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–2
| Shawn Nagano
| Submission (rear naked choke)
| UAGF 4: Kaos on the Kampus
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 4:22
| Los Angeles, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 2–2
| Patrick Speight
| Decision (unanimous)
| Total Combat 13: Anarchy
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center| 3:00
| Del Mar, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–1
| Ray Lizama
| TKO (cut)
| KOTC 41: Relentless
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:14
| San Jacinto, California, United States
|
|-
| Loss
| align=center| 1–1
| Jimmy Smith
| Submission (kneebar)
| KOTC 39: Hitmaster
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 1:40
| San Jacinto, California, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Roman Mitichyan
| Submission (armbar)
| UAGF Ultimate Cage Fighting 4
|
| align=center| 2
|
| Upland, California, United States
|
Mixed martial arts exhibition record
|-
| Win
| align=center| 3–0
| Frank Lester
| TKO (knees)
| The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom
|
| align=center| 3
| align=center|
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 2–0
| Frank Lester
| Submission (armbar)
| The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom
|
| align=center| 2
| align=center| 3:06
| Las Vegas, Nevada, United States
|
|-
| Win
| align=center| 1–0
| Che Mills
| Submission (heel hook)
| The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom
|
| align=center| 1
| align=center| 0:30
| Cheshire, England, United Kingdom
|
See also
List of male mixed martial artists
References
External links
UFC Profile
The Ultimate Fighter winners
Living people
1978 births
People from Leicestershire
English male mixed martial artists
Welterweight mixed martial artists
Mixed martial artists utilizing Jeet Kune Do
Mixed martial artists utilizing taekwondo
Mixed martial artists utilizing Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People educated at Uppingham School
English emigrants to the United States
English practitioners of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
People awarded a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu
English male taekwondo practitioners
English Jeet Kune Do practitioners
English activists
Veganism activists
Ultimate Fighting Championship male fighters
Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach: The Complete Works is a new critical edition of the music and keyboard treatise by C.P.E. Bach. The project was begun in 1998–99 in the wake of the aborted Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach Edition, and many of the same eminent music scholars associated with the earlier incomplete edition have become involved with the new one. From 1999–2014, the new edition was chaired by Christopher Hogwood. After their death in 2014, Robert D. Levin was appointed chair. The general editors are Darrell Berg (series I), Peter Wollny (series II, III, VII), and Ulrich Leisinger (series IV, V, VI). The edition is published by the Packard Humanities Institute. The current Editorial Guidelines (January 2015) are available in PDF format on the edition's website: http://www.cpebach.org.
The edition is organized in the following eight series:
Keyboard Music
Chamber Music
Orchestral Music
Oratorios and Passions
Choral Music
Songs and Vocal Chamber Music
Theoretical Works
Supplement
The original plan called for approximately 70 volumes to be completed by 2014, the 300th anniversary of C.P.E. Bach's birth.1 But in 1999 the lost archives of the Berlin Singakademie were recovered in Kyiv and eventually returned to the Staatsbibliothek zu Berlin.2 This collection includes many unique sources for the late Hamburg vocal music, and thus gives us access to nearly the complete output of the composer, which subsequently has increased the number of volumes in the edition to 115. The first volumes were published in 2005, and more than 80 volumes have been published as of May 2018. Details on the contents of all volumes, including a search function by Wotquenne and Helm numbers, are available on the edition's website. Published volumes may be ordered through the website, and performing material for chamber, orchestral, and choral music is available to download free of charge.
Notes
For an additional background on the edition, see Paul Corneilson, “Organizing the Complete Works of C.P.E. Bach,” Early Music 42 (2014); idem, “C.P.E. Bach and the Challenge of Breaking into the Canon,” Die Tonkunst (2014), pp. 15–24; idem, with Laura Buch, Jason B. Grant, Mark W. Knoll, “Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach: The Complete Works,” Fontes artis musicae, 58/2 (2011), pp. 127–136; idem, “Tracking the Sources for Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach's Complete Works,” Harvard Library Bulletin 18/1–2 (2008), pp. 33–36; idem, “The C.P.E. Bach Edition and the Future of Scholarly Editions,” Music Reference Services Quarterly 8/1 (2001), pp. 27–37.
See Christoph Wolff, "Recovered in Kiev: Bach et al. a Preliminary Report on the Music Collection of the Berlin Sing-Akademie," MLA Notes 58 (2001), pp. 259–271. For an earlier reconstruction listing the Singakademie's holdings of C.P.E. Bach, see Elias N. Kulukundis, "C.P.E. Bach in the Library of the Singakademie zu Berlin," in C.P.E. Bach Studies, ed. Stephen L. Clark (Oxford: Clarendon Press, 1988), pp. 159-76. See also Heinrich Miesner, Philipp Emanuel Bach in Hamburg: Beiträge zu seiner Biographie und zur Musikgeschichte seiner Zeit (Leipzig: Breitkopf & Härtel, 1929), who studied the Singakademie archives before World War II.
References
Sources
Website of the Edition
Bach, CPE
Complete Works
Pawel Pogorzelski (born 1979) is a Polish-born Canadian cinematographer, known for their work with director Ari Aster.
Pogorzelski was born in 1979 in Włocławek, Poland but moved to Montreal with their family when they were 2. They studied at Concordia University, receiving an undergraduate degree in media communication. They moved to Los Angeles in 2008, where they studied at the American Film Institute Conservatory.
Pogorzelski garnered critical acclaim for their work on the 2018 psychological horror film Hereditary, directed by Ari Aster. They would work together again on the 2019 film Midsommar, for which they received a nomination for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Cinematography at the 35th Independent Spirit Awards. In 2021, they were the director of photography for the action film Nobody and the Hulu horror film False Positive. In 2022, they served as cinematographer for the DC Comics film Blue Beetle.
Filmography
Film
References
External links
Pawel Pogorzelski at the Internet Movie Database
1980 births
AFI Conservatory alumni
Canadian cinematographers
Concordia University alumni
Polish cinematographers
Polish emigrants to Canada
Living people
The trial of Nicolae and Elena Ceaușescu was held on 25 December 1989 by an Exceptional Military Tribunal, a drumhead court-martial created at the request of a newly formed group called the National Salvation Front. Its outcome was pre-determined, and it resulted in guilty verdicts and death sentences for former Romanian President and Romanian Communist Party General Secretary, Nicolae Ceaușescu, and their wife, Elena Ceaușescu.
The main charge was genocide— namely, murdering "over 60,000 people" during the revolution in Timișoara. Other sources put the death toll between 689 and 1,200. Nevertheless, the charges did not affect the trial. General Victor Stănculescu had brought with them a specially selected team of paratroopers from a crack regiment, handpicked earlier in the morning to act as a firing squad. Before the legal proceedings began, Stănculescu had already selected the spot where the execution would take place: along one side of the wall in the barracks' square.
Nicolae Ceaușescu refused to recognize the tribunal, arguing its lack of constitutional basis and claiming that the revolutionary authorities were part of a Soviet plot.
Arrest
On 22 December 1989, during the Romanian Revolution, Nicolae and Elena Ceaușescu left the Central Committee building in Bucharest by helicopter toward Snagov, from which they left soon after towards Pitești. The helicopter pilot claimed to be in danger of anti-aircraft fire, so they landed on the Bucharest–Târgoviște road, near Găești. They stopped a car driven by a Dr Nicolae Decă, who took them to Văcărești, after which they informed the local authorities that the Ceaușescus were going toward Târgoviște. The Ceaușescus took another car and told its driver, Nicolae Petrișor, to drive them to Târgoviște. During the trip, the Ceaușescus heard news of the revolution on the car radio (by then the revolutionaries had taken control of the state media), causing Ceaușescu to angrily denounce the revolution as a coup d'état. Petrișor took the couple to an agricultural centre near Târgoviște, where they were locked in an office and were later arrested by soldiers from a local army garrison.
Creation of the tribunal
As the new authorities heard the news of their apprehending from General Andrei Kemenici, the commander of the army unit, they began to discuss what to do with the Ceaușescus. Victor Stănculescu, who was Ceaușescu's last defence minister before going over to the revolution, wanted a quick execution, as did Gelu Voican Voiculescu. Ion Iliescu, Romania's provisional president, supported holding a trial first.
During the evening of 24 December 1989, Stănculescu sent the secret code "recourse to the method" to Kemenici, referring to the execution of the Ceaușescus. A ten-member tribunal was formed to try the case. The members of the panel were all military judges.
The Independent characterized the trial as "what can best be described as an egregiously conducted summary trial, at worst a kangaroo court".
Charges
The charges were published in Monitorul Oficial the day after the execution:
Genocide – over 60,000 victims
Subversion of state power by organising armed actions against the people and state power.
Offence of destruction of public property by destroying and damaging buildings, explosions in cities, etc.
Undermining the national economy.
Trying to flee the country using over $1 billion deposited in foreign banks.
Counsel for the defence
The morning of the trial, prominent lawyer Nicu Teodorescu was having Christmas breakfast with their family when they were telephoned by an aide to Iliescu, and asked by the National Salvation Front to be the Ceaușescus' defence counsel. They replied that it would be "an interesting challenge". Teodorescu met the couple for the first time in the Târgoviște "courtroom", when they were given ten minutes to consult with their clients. With so little time to prepare any defense, they tried to explain to them that their best hope of avoiding the death sentence was to plead insanity. The Ceaușescus brushed off the idea; according to Teodorescu, "When [he] suggested it, Elena in particular said it was an outrageous set-up. They felt deeply insulted. ... They rejected [his] help after that."
Trial
The trial of Nicolae and Elena Ceaușescu was very brief, lasting approximately one hour. Ceaușescu defended themselves by arguing that the tribunal was against the 1965 Constitution of Romania and that only the Great National Assembly had the power to depose him. They argued that it was a coup d'état organized by the Soviets.
Nicolae and Elena Ceaușescu were convicted of all charges and condemned to death in what amounted to a show trial. At one point, their forcibly-assigned lawyers abandoned their clients' defense and joined with the prosecutor, accusing them of capital crimes instead of defending them. No offer of proof was made for the Ceaușescus' alleged crimes. They were tried based on references, solely by offense-name or hearsay, to criminal acts they had committed in the opinion of prosecutors, or as alleged in press reports. Various irregularities presented themselves, or became apparent post-trial:
The trial was held immediately, without a prior criminal investigation.
The suspects were not examined psychiatrically, which was mandatory by law.
The suspects could not choose their own lawyers.
An accusation of genocide was never proven. Four top Ceaușescu aides later admitted complicity in genocide in 1990. Pro TV stated that there were 860 people killed after 22 December 1989 (i.e. when the dictatorial couple was no longer in charge). Another source gives the figure of 306 people killed 17–22 December 1989.
The court did not attempt to find and prove the truth. There was no file of evidence presented to the court.
The Ceaușescus were accused of having US$1 billion in foreign bank accounts. No such accounts have ever been found.
Nicolae Ceaușescu openly disavowed the court. One of the Ceaușescus' lawyers suggested before the execution that since the pair did not recognize the tribunal, there was no avenue for appealing the verdict.
The judges' verdict allowed for appealing to a higher court. The Ceaușescus were executed a few minutes after the verdict, rendering that provision moot.
The person who signed the decree for organizing the court, coup leader Ion Iliescu, lacked legal power to do so. The order was handwritten in a lavatory in the Romanian Ministry of Defence.
Romanian law prohibited carrying out the death sentence less than ten days after a guilty verdict to allow time by the defendant's lawyers to file an appeal. After the Ceaușescus' execution, the death penalty was abolished in Romania.
The coup leaders said the execution of the Ceaușescus was necessary to stop terrorists from attacking the new political order. No terrorists or terrorist cells were found to have been active in Romania. A newer insight of prosecution of "crimes against humanity" claims that the new regime orchestrated "a psychosis of terrorism" through diversionary actions.
Initially Iliescu did not wish to carry out the executions immediately, and they instead favored a formal trial to be carried out several weeks later. General Victor Stănculescu insisted on the couple's hasty execution as an imperative for the Romanian Army supporting the newly created National Salvation Front. After a few hours of debating this option, Iliescu agreed with Stănculescu and signed the decree for organizing the court.
Execution
The Ceaușescus were executed at 4:00 p.m. local time at a military base outside Bucharest on 25 December 1989. The execution was carried out by a firing squad consisting of paratroop regiment soldiers: Captain Ionel Boeru, Sergeant-Major Georghin Octavian and Dorin-Marian Cirlan, while reportedly hundreds of others also volunteered. Before the execution, Nicolae Ceaușescu declared, "We could have been shot without having this masquerade!" The Ceaușescus' hands were tied by four soldiers before the execution. Popular history author Simon Sebag Montefiore has claimed that, before the sentences were carried out, Elena Ceaușescu screamed, "You sons of bitches!" while being led outside and lined up against the wall; at the same time Nicolae Ceaușescu sang "The Internationale".
The firing squad began shooting as soon as the two were in position against a wall. The execution happened too quickly for the television crew assigned to the trial and death sentence to videotape it in full; only the last round of shots was filmed. In 2014, retired Captain Boeru told a reporter for The Guardian newspaper that they believe that the shots they fired from their rifle were solely responsible for the deaths of both of the Ceaușescus, because, of the three soldiers in the firing squad, they were the only one who remembered to switch their Kalashnikov rifle to fire fully automatic, and at least one member of the group hesitated to shoot for several seconds. In 1990, a member of the National Salvation Front reported that 120 bullets were found in the couple's bodies.
In 1989, Prime Minister Petre Roman told French television that the execution was carried out quickly due to rumors that loyalists would attempt to rescue the couple.
Burial
After the execution, the bodies were covered with canvas. The Ceaușescus' corpses were flown to Bucharest and buried five days later in Ghencea Cemetery on 30 December 1989.
The bodies were exhumed for identification and reburied in 2010. Groups of elderly Ceaușescus' supporters visit to place flowers on the grave, with large numbers of pensioners gathering on 26 January, Nicolae's birthday.
Release of the images
The hasty trial and the images of the dead Ceaușescus were videotaped and the footage promptly released in numerous Western countries two days after the execution. Later that day, it was also shown on Romanian television.
Reactions
In 2009 Valentin Ceaușescu, elder son of the Ceaușescus, argued that the revolutionary forces should have killed their parents when they had arrested them on 22 December since they did not need any trial. After making vague comments about the incident, Ion Iliescu stated that it was "quite shameful, but necessary". In a similar vein, Stănculescu told the BBC in 2009 that the trial was "not just, but it was necessary" because the alternative would have been seeing Nicolae lynched on the streets of Bucharest.
Several countries criticized the new rulers of Romania after the execution due to lack of public trial. The United States was the most prominent critic of the trial, stating: "We regret the trial did not take place in an open and public fashion."
Aftermath
In December 2018, Iliescu, former Deputy Prime Minister Gelu Voican Voiculescu, former Romanian Air Force chief Iosif Rus, and former National Salvation Front council member Emil Dumitrescu were indicted by Romanian military prosecutors for crimes against humanity for the deaths that occurred during the Romanian Revolution, most of which took place after Ceaușescu was overthrown. The indictment also made reference to the conviction and execution of the Ceaușescus "after a mockery of a trial". The investigation that led to the indictments had previously been closed in 2009, but was re-opened in 2016 as the result of a trial at the European Court of Human Rights. On 1 March 1990, Colonel Gică Popa, who presided over the trial and was promoted to General, was found dead in their office. Their death was ruled as a suicide. The Ceaușescus were the last people to be executed in Romania before the abolition of capital punishment on 7 January 1990.
Notes
References
External links
1989 in law
1989 in Romania
1980s trials
Abuse of the legal system
December 1989 events in Europe
Ceausescu
History of Târgoviște
Nicolae Ceaușescu
Romanian Revolution
Trials of political people
Trials in Romania
fr:Révolution roumaine de 1989#Fuite et mort du dictateur
Sadarangani is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Abhinav Sadarangani (born 1994), Indian cricketer
Sharanya Sadarangani (born 1995), Indian cricketer
Indian surnames
Nickelodeon HD+ (abbreviated as Nick HD+) is an Indian children's pay television channel based in Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.It is the High definition counterpart of Nickelodeon India and is owned by Viacom 18, a joint venture between Paramount Global and TV18.Original content from original American network are shown only on this channel.
History
On 5 December 2015, Viacom 18 launched Nickelodeon HD+, the first children's channel in high definition in India. The channel used to air select content from its SD channels along with Nickelodeon international originals. However, in 2018, the HD channel began to focus solely on international Nickelodeon content, thus removing all local content, which only air on the SD channel.
The channel also aired Nickelodeon live action shows under the TeenNick branding but was stopped in February 2017.
The channel telecasted Digimon Adventure tri.after receiving lots of requests from fans after Nickelodeon Sonic removed the Digimon Adventure tri.
After 4 years the channel decided to bring live action shows back starting from 2 August 2021. The channel was also formerly provided in Bangladesh until 2 October 2021, where it was temporarily suspended for not broadcasting in clean feed, along with all other foreign television channels.
Programming
Due to success of localization strategy on Nickelodeon India, Original content from original American network are shown only on this channel.
Current Programming
Animated series
Dora and Friends: Into the City!
Penguins of Madagascar
Rabbids Invasion
Shaun the Sheep
SpongeBob SquarePants
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
The Casagrandes
The Loud House
Live-action
ICarly
WITS Academy
Former programming
Animated
Cat Leo
Danger Mouse
Dora the Explorer
Ejen Ali
The Legend of Korra
Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness
Lego City Adventures
Motu Patlu
Ninja Hattori
Pakdam Pakdai
PAW Patrol
Rimba Racer
Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Shiva
Supa Strikas
The Jungle Book
Zack & Quack
Live-action
Big Time Rush
Marvin Marvin
Power Rangers Megaforce
Victorious
Zoofari
Criticism
The channel received criticism for taking up to 5 years to air new content in India, and usually the last in the world, one example being The Loud House, which premiered 4 years after its US debut.
See also
Nickelodeon India
Nick Jr. India
Nickelodeon Sonic
References
External links
Television networks in India
Children's television channels in India
Indian animation
English-language television stations in India
Television stations in Mumbai
Viacom 18
Television stations in India
O, Brazen Age is a Canadian dramatic film, completed in 2015. The feature-length debut by writer/director Alexander Carson, the film premiered at the 2015 Vancouver International Film Festival in September 2015.
The film weaves together a series of loosely connected stories and characters, chronicling the spiritual journey of a group of friends in West Toronto over the course of several months. Featuring an ensemble cast from different corners of the city's art-scene, O, Brazen Age creates a pageant of musings and monologues about photography, poetry, memory, and regret. On the occasion of the film's premiere in Vancouver, Pop Optiq called it "One of the best Canadian films of 2015".
Following the film's presentation at the Reykjavik International Film Festival in 2015, O, Brazen Age was programmed for a short theatrical release in Iceland at Bíó Paradís in 2016. O, Brazen Age was selected for numerous festival screenings in 2016 across North America and Europe, including the Leeds Independent Film Festival and the Victoria Film Festival.
O, Brazen Age was produced by the North Country Cinema media arts collective and Walk On The Sunnyside with the support of Telefilm Canada and the Canada Council for the Arts. The film was released theatrically in March 2017, garnering positive reviews from NOW Magazine and The Globe and Mail and earning praise from Canadian filmmakers Atom Egoyan and Guy Maddin.
References
External links
O, Brazen Age Official Website
O, Brazen Age at Library and Archives Canada
2015 films
2015 drama films
Canadian drama films
English-language Canadian films
Films shot in Ontario
Films set in Ontario
Films shot in Quebec
Films set in Quebec
2015 directorial debut films
2010s English-language films
2010s Canadian films
Barnfield Mills was a complex of cotton mills that operated in Tyldesley, Greater Manchester, England from the middle of the 19th century.
History
Barnfield Mills was a complex of six cotton spinning mills on either side of Union Street in Tyldesley. H P Barton and Caleb Wright built the first mill on the west side of Union Street on a field known as Barnfield in 1851. The mill had 20,000 spindles. By 1866 Wright had new partners, Peter and Charles Eckersley, and the partnership built the second mill. By 1870 Caleb Wright and Company had built a third spinning mill and three more mills were built. At its peak the company employed 800 workers.
Barnfield No 6, locally referred to as Caleb Wright's, between Shuttle Street and Ellesmere Street, was built on the site of Resolution Mills which Wright acquired in the 1880s and which were destroyed by fire on 26 September 1891. In 1894 after Wright's death, the company was acquired by the Fine Spinners and Doublers Association and subsequently by Courtaulds. Fred Dibnah demolished one of the mill chimneys in 1970. The last of the mills, No 6, was demolished in 1993.
Architecture
Barnfield No 6 Mill, designed by Bradshaw Gass & Hope was constructed in 1894. The brick-built mill was internally approximately 65 metres wide by 40 metres deep. It had ten bays with a large rectangular window in each bay. It was six storeys high with a water tower topped with a copper dome at its south west corner. The tower contained a tank for the mill's sprinkler system. Its roof had multiple ridges corresponding to the bays and was covered with slates. When built, No 6 Mill was at the leading edge of mill design, its concrete floors were supported by steel beams and the supporting cast iron columns were encased in concrete. The mill had a dust flue in the form of an Italianate tower incorporated in the rope race.
The mill was built to house self-acting mules, and originally used the engine house from the old mill which powered the machinery via a rope race. A second engine house was built on the north side. Ring spinning machinery was installed in the 20th century.
The mill had an ornamental single-storey office block fronting onto Shuttle Street.
See also
List of mills in Wigan
References
Notes
Bibliography
External links
Aerial photograph of Barnfield Mills
Textile mills in the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan
Bradshaw, Gass & Hope buildings
Demolished buildings and structures in Greater Manchester
Tyldesley
The 1999 TranSouth Financial 400 was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series race held at Darlington Raceway, Darlington, South Carolina on March 21, 1999. Jeff Burton won the race.
Summary
Contested over 164 out of a scheduled 293 laps, it was the fifth race of the 1999 NASCAR Winston Cup Series. The race was won by Jeff Burton for the Roush Racing team. Jeremy Mayfield finished second, and Jeff Gordon, who started from pole position, finished third. Seventy-one thousand attended the race that lasted one hour, fifty minutes and forty-nine seconds. 19 laps were raced under reduced speeds due to two accident-related and one rain-related caution. Derrike Cope, Dave Marcis and Rich Bickle failed to qualify. Jeff Burton's victory would help them bolt ahead of Mike Skinner in the NASCAR Cup Series championship standings. The majority of the grid drove Ford vehicles .
On lap 159 a multi-car accident involved several front-running cars, including leader Jeff Burton. Burton's car was severely damaged, and they would have needed extensive repairs to continue. But rain began to fall, and Burton was able to continue leading with their stricken car under caution until the race was stopped and eventually called because of continuing rain and darkness.
Ken Schrader became the last-place finisher; they were 89 laps behind the lead. Schrader walked away with $30,416 ($ when adjusted for inflation) while the race winner came away with $161,900 in winnings ($ when adjusted for inflation).
Results
References
TransSouth Financial 400
TransSouth Financial 400
NASCAR races at Darlington Raceway
The Derbyshire Dales National Nature Reserve is a series of unconnected limestone dales in the Peak District National Park. It is managed by Natural England and has a permanent staff of wardens who carry out conservation works and ensure the dales are usable for recreation.
The dales are:
Lathkill Dale ()
Cressbrook Dale ()
Monk's Dale ()
Long Dale ()
Hay Dale ()
They are all in the White Peak national character area, of which dales are an integral part. The dales are a mixture of grassland, woodland and scrub; some also have streams (generally winterbournes). They are a haven for biodiversity and many Sites of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) lie partly or wholly within the reserve boundaries. There are much Biodiversity Action Plan species and habitats present.
Dippers are common along the River Lathkill, and ravens and buzzards are regularly seen around the dale. The Monyash end of Lathkill Dale is well known for the flower Jacob's ladder (Polemonium caeruleum), which is common in gardens but rare in the wild. There are also a number of orchids found in all the dales.
The sites are also a good place to study geology, with many fossils within the limestone. There are also a number of historical sites. Lathkill Dale has many industrial workings (now abandoned and derelict), and there are many interpretation boards in the dale explaining the history.
Lathkill Dale is one of the most easily accessible and most frequently visited of the Derbyshire dales, and has a good path for a large section of the dale, whereas other dales are inaccessible to less mobile people, as paths are steep and rocky for large sections (particularly Monk's Dale).
External links
Natural England website
Natural England page on White Peak
Natural England page on Derbyshire Dales
Peak District
National nature reserves in England
Nature reserves in Derbyshire
Derbyshire Dales
Washington Avenue Historic District is a national historic district located at Fredericksburg, Virginia. The district includes 36 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site (the Gordon Family Cemetery), and 4 contributing objects in the city of Fredericksburg. It includes substantial, high-style residences that line both the east and the west sides of Washington Avenue reflect the various domestic styles that were popular at the turn of the 20th century. Notable dwellings include the Samuel W. Somerville House (1896-1897), Shepherd House (1910-1911), and Mary Washington Monument Caretaker's Lodge (1896). The four commemorative works are the Mary Washington Monument (1893), General Hugh Mercer Monument (1906) by Edward Virginius Valentine (1838-1930), Jefferson Religious Freedom Monument (1932), and the George Rogers Clark Memorial (1929). Located in the district is the separately listed Kenmore.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Fredericksburg, Virginia
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Houses in Fredericksburg, Virginia
Renee Biautubu is a Fijian footballer. They have been a member of the Fiji women's national team.
References
Living people
Fijian women's footballers
Fiji women's international footballers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Women's association footballers not categorized by position
Joyce McRoberts is an American politician who served in the Idaho Senate from the 22nd district from 1992 to 1995.
References
Living people
Idaho state senators
Idaho Republicans
Year of birth missing (living people)
Ohio's 2nd senatorial district has historically represented areas located in northwestern Ohio. It now stretches along the Great Lakes. A multi-county district, it currently comprises the counties of Erie, Ottawa and Wood, as well as, portions of the counties of Fulton and Lucas. It encompasses Ohio House of Representatives districts 3, 47 and 89. It has a Cook PVI of R+1. The seat has been held by Theresa Gavarone following their appointment in February 2019.
The district was represented by the Ohio Senate President from 1981 to 1982 and from 1985 to 1988 by Senator Paul Gillmor.
List of senators
References
External links
Ohio's 2nd district senator at the 130th Ohio General Assembly official website
Ohio State Senate districts
Alchevsky is a surname and may refer to:
Hryhory Alchevsky (Григорій Олексійович Алчевський; 1866–1920), Ukrainian composer
Oleksiy Alchevsky (Алчевський Олексій Кирилович; 1835–1901), Ukrainian entrepreneur, philanthropist, and industrialist
Dongchong () may refer to:
Tung Chung, in the north of Lantau Island, Hong Kong
Tung Chung line of the Hong Kong MTR
Tung Chung station on said line
Dongchong, Guangzhou, town in and subdivision of Nansha District, Guangzhou, Guangdong
Dongchong station on Guangzhou Metro Line 4
, town in and subdivision of Chengqu, Shanwei, Guangdong
Michael Hester (born 2 May 1972 in Sydney, NSW, Australia), is a former New Zealand association football referee in the A-League. Holder of a FIFA international licence, they have participated at the highest level, officiating at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Biography
Hester has been a NZFC certified referee since 2004 and gained their FIFA international qualification in January 2007. They refereed some games in the 2008 Olympics, and has also refereed matches in the Oceania qualification group for the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
They were also appointed as a referee for the 2009 FIFA Under 17 World Cup in Nigeria.
Hester was included on the short list to officiate at the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa along with fellow New Zealand referee Peter O'Leary, both of whom were confirmed in the final 30 officials to take charge at the finals. On 12 June 2010 they refereed the FIFA World Cup game between Greece and the Korean Republic. Hester blew the final whistle on their refereeing career at the end of the 2011 New Zealand winter season to focus on their career in the New Zealand Royal Navy.
Personal life
They have worked, besides their football career, as a naval officer in Auckland, and played both Rugby union and football before turning to officiating.
Honours
2009: NZDF Sports Award: Outstanding Sports Person of the Year
2017: Official referee of The Football Ramble
References
1972 births
Living people
Australian soccer referees
New Zealand association football referees
FIFA World Cup referees
2010 FIFA World Cup referees
Sportspeople from Sydney
New Zealand rugby union players
People from Auckland
Royal New Zealand Navy personnel
2018 Men's European Water Polo Championship Qualifiers are series of qualification tournaments to decide the participants of the 2018 Men's European Water Polo Championship.
Qualified teams
Teams directly qualified to the 2018 European Water Polo Championship:
– winners of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
– runners-up of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
– 3rd place of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
– 4th place of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
– Host nation and 5th place of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
– 6th place of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
– 7th place of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
– 8th place of the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship
Qualifying round 1
Qualifying round 2
Group A
Group B
Qualifying round 3
No teams were eliminated in round 2, but their results will determine the matches of the following round (play-off format with home and away games) held in 2018. These eight teams will face the teams classified 9 to 16 in the latest edition of the tournament, the 2016 Men's European Water Polo Championship.
Playoffs
1st leg: 24 February 2018
2nd leg: 3 March 2018
|}
References
Men
Men's European Water Polo Championship
Euro
Euro
Israel–Maldives relations refer to foreign relations between Israel and the Maldives. The countries had diplomatic relations from 1965 to 1974. From 2012 to 2017, they maintained cooperation agreements, but did not restore full diplomatic relations.
History
The Maldives established diplomatic relations with Israel in 1965, when Israel was the third state to recognize Maldives, and the Israeli ambassador was the first to present their credentials to the Maldives' president. The Maldives suspended them in 1974.
In 2009, under president Mohamed Nasheed, the Maldives signed cooperation agreements with Israel on tourism, health, education, and culture. In 2010, the Israeli government sent a team of eye doctors to treat patients and train local medical personnel in the Maldives.
In May 2011, the Maldives's then-foreign minister, Ahmed Naseem, became the first top official from the Maldives to visit Israel, which they did on a four-day trip. However, the renewed relationship did not develop into full diplomatic relations.
In July 2018, under president Abdulla Yameen, the Maldives terminated the cooperation agreements with Israel and in 2014 announced a boycott of Israeli products, as Israel launched a military operation in Gaza. Foreign minister Dunya Maumoon also announced that the Maldives would fully support Palestinians at international forums such as the United Nations Human Rights Council and offer them humanitarian aid.
In 2020, after the UAE and Bahrain recognized Israel and a local media outlet reported the government had discussed establishing ties with Israel, the Maldivian foreign minister denied having initiated discussions regarding establishing ties with Israel.
In 2021, the Israeli Travel Company Caminos announced it would offer direct flights from the Maldives to Israel from September 6 to October 4 2021. The Maldives are popular among Israeli Tourists.
See also
International recognition of Israel
References
External links
Minivan News
Maldives
Bilateral relations of the Maldives
Dame Ada May Norris, DBE, CMG (née Bickford; 28 July 1901–10 July 1989) was an Australian women's rights activist and community worker. They founded the UNAA National Status of Women Network in 1974 and served as President of Australia's National Council of Women. In 1975 Norris headed the Australian International Women's Year Committee.
Education
Ada May Bickford was educated at Melbourne High School and the University of Melbourne, where they graduated in 1924 (BA Dip. Ed.).
Marriage
In 1929, they married John Gerald Norris (1903-1990), a future Victoria Supreme Court jurist, later styled as Sir John Norris; they had two daughters, Rosemary (born 1933) and Jane (born 1938).
Rosemary would later be known as the Hon. Rosemary Balmford, a
barrister, lawyer, law lecturer and judge. Jane completed architecture at the University of Melbourne, worked extensively in Theatre and film production design in the UK and became head of Design at the Australian Film, Television and Radio School (AFTRS; 1988-1994).
Honours
Awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Coronation Medal 1953
Ada Norris was appointed OBE on 10 June 1954
Appointed DBE on 12 June 1976 "for distinguished community service".
Appointed a CMG (in their capacity as President of Australia's National Council of Women)
Awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Silver Jubilee Medal 1977
Awarded the UN Peace Medal 1975
References
External links
Monash University archives
Victoria, Australia government archives site
1901 births
1989 deaths
Australian Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Australian Companions of the Order of St Michael and St George
Activists from Melbourne
University of Melbourne alumni
20th-century Australian women
Robert Warnes Leach (December 16, 1914 – March 30, 2008) was an American journalist and Hollywood screenwriter who became a leading figure in California's victims' rights movement after the death of their stepdaughter, Marsalee (Marsy) Nicholas in 1983.
They were the husband of victims' rights advocate Marcella Nicholas Leach and the stepfather of technology entrepreneur and philanthropist Henry Nicholas, co-founder and former co-chairperson, president and chief executive officer of Broadcom Corp.
Leach was born December 16, 1914, in Dupree, South Dakota to business person Robert Henry Leach and their wife, the former Edna Warnes.
Early life and career
They came to Los Angeles as a teenager to see the 1932 Summer Olympics, moving there shortly thereafter to live with their sister, and graduating in 1933 from Los Angeles High School.
In 1938, after earning a bachelor's degree and a 2nd Lieutenant's commission from the ROTC Field Artillery Reserves at the University of Missouri, they began working for United Press International and eventually became an assistant editor in Los Angeles; they married their first wife, LaVerne Barrick in 1941.
During World War II, they served in the U.S. Navy, mainly in the South Pacific, rising to the rank of lieutenant commander by the time they were released from active duty in 1946. When they returned to Los Angeles, they met a young sailor who asked if they knew any war stories that might make good screenplays. The sailor turned out to be agent Ray Stark, who then helped Leach get a job as junior writer at 20th Century Fox. Leach spent the next 17 years in Hollywood, first as a production assistant at MGM and later as a TV story editor and screenwriter. At MGM, they worked as an assistant to producer Lawrence Weingarten; where they were involved with films including Pat and Mike, Adam's Rib and Rhapsody before moving to CBS, where they helped develop story ideas into scripts for TV producer Jack Chertok and wrote freelance teleplays. Their TV writing credits include The Adventures of Jim Bowie, Perry Mason, The Case of the Dangerous Robin, Ripcord, Everglades and The Littlest Hobo. In 1958, Leach wrote the feature film Tarzan and the Trappers, starring Gordon Scott. In 1959 and 1960, they also worked as a story editor and writer for the series Men into Space.
During the 1960s, they switched to teaching, becoming an instructor in screenwriting and journalism at Cal State Northridge, Santa Monica College and UCLA. In 1967, three years after the end of their first marriage, they married Marcella M. Nicholas, a divorced mother of two small children who was working on a journalism degree at UCLA. The family settled in Malibu, where Marcella Leach still maintains a home. Leach died March 30, 2008, at South Coast Medical Center in Laguna Beach from complications related to respiratory and kidney ailments. They were 93.
Victims' rights
In 1983, Leach's stepdaughter Marsy Nicholas, then a 21-year-old senior at UC Santa Barbara, was shot to death by their ex-boyfriend. When the killer was released on bail pending trial and Marcella Leach encountered them two weeks after their daughter's funeral at a local market, Leach and their wife were outraged.
Among those who comforted them was Ellen Griffin Dunne, the mother of the murdered actor Dominique Dunne, who had been strangled by an ex-boyfriend. The following year, the Leaches helped Dunne found Justice for Homicide Victims, a non-profit organization dedicated to the support of crime victims and victims' rights.
Bob Leach served for many years as the president of the organization, and both they and Marcella Leach, who remains JHV's executive director, were among the founding board members. Their stepson Henry Nicholas also played a crucial role in helping to build JHV.
In 2008, California voters passed Marsy's Law, the nation's most comprehensive victims' bill of rights, named for Marsy Nicholas.
In addition to numerous awards by three governors, the L.A. DA's office and the L.A. Sheriff's Department, Leach and their wife Marcella have been honored by the National office of Victims of Crime and two presidents. In 2005, the Los Angeles County Assn. of Deputy District Attorneys gave Leach its first Robert Leach Award, which recognizes leadership in victims' rights.
References
External links
Justice For Homicide Victims - Justice for Homicide Victims website
Marsy's Law for All - Marsy's Law for All website
1914 births
2008 deaths
American male journalists
American male screenwriters
People from Ziebach County, South Dakota
University of Missouri alumni
United States Navy officers
United States Navy personnel of World War II
California State University, Northridge faculty
Santa Monica College faculty
University of California, Los Angeles faculty
Journalists from South Dakota
Activists from California
Burials at Rose Hills Memorial Park
Screenwriters from California
Screenwriters from South Dakota
20th-century American male writers
20th-century American screenwriters
20th-century American journalists
Dorcadion discomaculatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Pic in 1905. It is known from Iran.
References
discomaculatum
Beetles described in 1905
Elbert County is a county located in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 20,166. The county seat is Elberton. The county was established on December 10, 1790, and was named for Samuel Elbert.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (6.2%) is water. The county is located in the Piedmont region of the state.
The northern half of Elbert County, north of a line made by following State Route 17 from Bowman southeast to Elberton, and then following State Route 72 east to just before the South Carolina border, and then heading south along the shores of Lake Richard B. Russell & Clarkes Hill to the county's southeastern tip, is located in the Upper Savannah River sub-basin of the larger Savannah River basin. The portion of the county south of this line is located in the Broad River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin.
Major highways
State Route 17
State Route 72
State Route 77
State Route 77 Connector
State Route 79
State Route 172
State Route 368
Adjacent counties
Anderson County, South Carolina (northeast)
Abbeville County, South Carolina (east)
McCormick County, South Carolina (southeast)
Lincoln County (southeast)
Wilkes County (south)
Oglethorpe County (southwest)
Madison County (west)
Hart County (north)
Franklin County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 20,511 people, 8,004 households, and 5,770 families living in the county. The population density was 56 people per square mile (21/km2). There were 9,136 housing units at an average density of 25 per square mile (10/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 66.94% White, 30.85% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.24% Asian, 0.03% Pacific Islander, 1.06% from other races, and 0.68% from two or more races. 2.38% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 8,004 households, out of which 32.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.90% were married couples living together, 15.70% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.90% were non-families. 25.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.60% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 3.01.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.80% under the age of 18, 8.40% from 18 to 24, 27.20% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 14.90% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 92.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 88.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,724, and the median income for a family was $34,276. Males had a median income of $27,221 versus $19,737 for females. The per capita income for the county was $14,535. About 14.60% of families and 17.30% of the population were below the poverty line, including 23.50% of those under age 18 and 17.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 20,166 people, 8,063 households, and 5,604 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,583 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 65.9% white, 29.5% black or African American, 0.6% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 2.7% from other races, and 1.0% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 18.1% were American, 6.0% were Irish, 5.7% were English, and 5.5% were German.
Of the 8,063 households, 31.9% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.9% were married couples living together, 16.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.5% were non-families, and 26.9% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 41.1 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,543 and the median income for a family was $35,550. Males had a median income of $31,556 versus $25,562 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,100. About 17.0% of families and 23.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 39.9% of those under age 18 and 11.8% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 19,637 people, 7,559 households, and 5,065 families residing in the county.
Judiciary and government
Elbert County is part of the Northern Judicial Circuit of Georgia, which also includes the counties of Hart, Franklin, Madison, and Oglethorpe. Elbert County's governing authority, the Elbert County Board of Commissioners, has five Commissioners elected in districts, a Chairperson elected County-wide, and an appointed County Administrator.
Politics
Historical and cultural sites
Historical and cultural sites in Elbert County include the Nancy Hart cabin, the Dan Tucker gravesite, the Stephen Heard Cemetery, the Petersburg Township site, Vans Creek Church, the Elbert County Courthouse, the Elberton Seaboard-Airline Depot, the Rock Gym, the Granite Bowl, the Elberton Granite Museum and Exhibit, the Richard B. Russell Dam, the Elbert Theatre, Richard B. Russell State Park, and Bobby Brown State Park. The Georgia Guidestones stood in Elbert County from 1980 until their destruction in 2022.
Communities
Cities
Bowman
Elberton
Census-designated place
Dewy Rose
Unincorporated communities
Hard Cash
Ruckersville
Ghost town
Petersburg
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Elbert County, Georgia
Georgia Guidestones
References
External links
1790 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Northeast Georgia
Counties of Appalachia
Populated places established in 1790
Ragamala Dance Company is an independent dance company based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States. It was founded in 1992 by Ranee Ramaswamy and David Whetstone. Ragamala collaborates with national and international artists of various disciplines. Their performances take place locally in Minneapolis, on national tours around the United States, in India, Europe, and other locations. Ragamala combines the extensive culture of India with the explorative, creative ethic of the United States. Ragamala is completing a move to the Center for Performing Arts in Spring, 2021.
History
Ranee Ramaswamy was born in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, and was raised in the Hindu tradition there. Bharatanatyam is a classical dance form that Hindus believe was given to them by the gods, and that has been around for 2,000 years. “Bharatanatyam is a stylized dance language,” Ranee says, “with 28 single-handed and 24 double-handed gestures.” Ragamala combines the ancient dance form of Bharatanatyam with contemporary aesthetics via collaboration. Ranee Ramaswamy trained in the technique's of Bharatanatyam in their home city of Chennai from the ages of 7 to 17. As a young adult, they were able to further their practice within the teachings of Alarmél Valli, which emphasizes rhythm and expression.
Ragamala's first production was at Great American History Theater with sitarist-composer David Whetstone, in January of 1994. The performance was structured around stated lines of poetry, and drumming of the tabla, to which Ranee Ramaswamy, Aparana Ramaswamy and the other dancers performed "ragas" or units of movement related to those lines of poetry. Whetstone read the poetry and explained the dance in that initial performance Ranee Ramaswamy translated the pure Bharatanatyam dance into something western audiences could more easily appreciate by collaborating with other artists and other art forms, deftly sifting experimental approaches into that ancient dance discipline.
The company puts together funding for specific collaborative works from a variety of sources including commissions and grants with collaborative partners including Walker Art Center, Theater Mu, the Miami University Performing Arts Series, Arts Midwest, National Endowment for the Arts, McKnight Foundation, Bush Foundation, General Mills Foundation, Land O'Lakes Foundation and others.
In 2011 Ragamala's participation in the Maximum India Festival, at the Kennedy Center in Washington, D.C. was well-received. Accompanied by mrindangam and nattuvangam and violin, they performed “Yathra” (“Journey”), and “Gangashtakam” concerning the flow and worship of the river Ganga (Ganges).
Works
Ranee Ramaswamy and their older daughter, Aparna Ramaswamy are co-artistic directors as well as principal dancers of the company. The choreography of Ragamala is rooted in the south Indian classical dance style of Bharatanatyam. Ragamala's works include intercultural, collaborative pieces that incorporate other dance forms including sign language, Jazz, Japanese Drumming and Poetry. Ashwini Ramaswamy (Ranee's younger daughter) is choreographic associate as well as in-house Press Relations and Communications. Other members of the company include Tamara Nadel - Dancer, Jessica Fiala - Dancer, Sri Guntipally - Apprentice and Chaitra Chandrashekar - Apprentice.
Sacred Earth, which was presented in India while on tour, explored the relationship between nature and humans, and incorporated the philosophy and art of Kolam chalk drawings on stage. Sangam literature was also incorporated including excerpts from Kuṟuntokai.
Fires of Varanasi explores the crucial place occupied by the sacred rituals around the city of Varanasi (also known as Benaras) in Uttar Pradesh, India, the river Ganges, and reincarnation.
Written in Water was created from Paramapadam, the original game that 'Snakes and Ladders' is based on. Interwoven with that is a 12th century Sufi poem about enlightenment called The Conference of the Birds, which describes seven transitional states of being. The word Paramapadam means "ultimate feat" and can be understood as the ultimate place people want to go. The game involves mythological stories around intention, action, and a desire for ascension.
Body, the Shrine was choreographed by Renee, Aparna, and Ashwini, in conjunction with Alarmel Valli. It incorporates aspects of Bhakti, a sanskrit term meaning both 'devotion' and 'participation.' It also revisited the Bhakti movement which is a period dating back to the 6th century in India.
Pandemic impact
In March of 2020, Ragamala was working on Fires of Varanasi and had just brought in classical musicians from India. Due to the lockdown they had to turn around and fly back out again, and in-person work was halted. The company managed the lockdown period by focusing inward, and by using the time for creative production.
That production, Fires of Varanasi, was finally performed at the Kennedy Center in September 2021, and in Minneapolis starting in 2022. Fire includes 11 dancers – more than ever before. Seven of those are company dancers (increased from five), and two of the remaining four are men. Fires of Varanasi explores the specific rituals and traditions of Hindi beliefs, including an eternally recurring cycle of life to death back to life again. Aparna Ramaswamy explains “… these are our stories and, hopefully, our stories are a way for everyone to think about their own stories and their own families and where they come from.”
Notes
References
External links
Ragamala Dance Company website
YouTube 2010
MNopedia Entry
Post Performance Talk Back - They Rose at Dawn
Excerpts from Fires of Varanasi TEDx Minneapolis
Conversations on Dance Podcast, March 15, 2022
20th-century dance
Alocasia gageana, the dwarf upright elephant ear or dwarf taro, is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to the Kachin Hills of Myanmar. Reaching , it is only a dwarf when compared to the giant upright elephant ear Alocasia odora or to taro (Colocasia esculenta). It makes for a large houseplant, or an outdoor ornamental plant in tropical or (nearly) frost-free subtropical areas (USDA zone 9b or warmer).
With Alocasia odora it is a parent of the so-called Persian palm, Alocasia 'Calidora', which would be better called Alocasia × calidora.
References
gageana
House plants
Ornamental plants
Endemic flora of Myanmar
Plants described in 1920
"Old Side of Town" is a song written and recorded by American country music artist Tom T. Hall. It was released in December 1979 as the second and final single from the album, Ol't's in Town. The song peaked at number 9 on both the U.S. and Canadian country singles chart.
Content
The narrator tells the tale of the old days in a traditional country setting.
Chart performance
References
1979 singles
Tom T. Hall songs
Songs written by Tom T. Hall
1979 songs
In the 2002 Lao League, MCTPC FC (Ministry of Communication, Transportation, Post and Construction) won the championship, with Vientiane Municipality runners-up.
References
Lao Premier League seasons
1
Laos
Laos
Vice Prime Minister of Georgia (), Sometimes translated as Deputy Prime Minister of Georgia, is the official position in the Georgian Cabinet. The office of the Vice Prime Minister is not a permanent position, existing only at the discretion of the Prime Minister.
The Prime Minister may assign to one of the ministers the duty of the First Vice-Prime Minister, and to one or more other ministers the duty of the Vice-Prime Minister.
The First Vice-Prime Minister shall perform the duty of the Prime Minister in his/her absence and in other cases provided for by law, as well as in respect of certain individual assignments.
The Vice-Prime Minister(s) shall coordinate the exercise of executive power in the field of public management as established by an order of the Prime Minister.
The Post of the First Vice Prime Minister is currently vacant, since Maya Tskitishvili resigned from the position in February 2021.
Current Vice Prime Ministers are Thea Tsulukiani, Minister of Culture, Sports and Youth of Georgia, and Levan Davitashvili, Minister of Economy and Sustainable Development of Georgia
References
Government of Georgia (country)
Levon Isayevich Mirzoyan (; ) (14 November 1897 – 26 February 1939) was the Secretary of the Communist Party of the Azeri SSR from 21 January 1926 to 5 August 1929 and the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR from 5 December 1936 to 3 May 1938. They were executed during the Great Purge.
Biography
Mirzoyan was born in the village of Ashan in Shusha District of the Elisabethpol Governorate in an Armenian peasant family. In 1917, they joined the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party (RSDLP). In 1926–1929, they were the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Azerbaijan. In 1929–1933, they were the Secretary of the Perm Regional Committee, then the 2nd Secretary of the Ural Regional Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU). In 1933, they became the 1st Secretary of the Regional Committee of the Party of Kazakhstan. In 1937, they became the 1st secretary of the Communist Party (Bolshevik) of Kazakhstan. They were a member of the CEC of the USSR.
According to Aimdos Bozjigitov, Ambassador of Kazakhstan to Armenia, Mirzoyan "He did very much for the formation and development of Kazakhstan's economy." They also added that "Kazakh people call them Mirza-jan, and so far all remember them with gratitude."
In 1938, Mirzoyan sent a telegram to Joseph Stalin and Vyacheslav Molotov, in which they expressed their disagreement with the decision to move the Koreans deported to Kazakhstan in 1936 from Primorye, in the southern part of the republic, to the north, where they could not engage in rice cultivation. They also expressed their doubts about the working methods of the NKVD (the Soviet secret service later known as the KGB). In the summer of 1938, Mirzoyan was arrested and detained in Lefortovo Prison in Moscow. On 26 February 1939, they were executed. They were rehabilitated in 1958.
References
External links
1897 births
1939 deaths
People from Shushi Province
People from Elizavetpol Governorate
Communist Party of Kazakhstan politicians
Azerbaijani people of Armenian descent
Kazakhstani people of Armenian descent
Soviet Armenians
Recipients of the Order of Lenin
Great Purge victims from Armenia
Armenian people executed by the Soviet Union
Soviet rehabilitations
Armenian atheists
Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union members
Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
First convocation members of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union
Members of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union executed by the Soviet Union
Francis Edmunds (born 30 March 1902 Vilnius, Lithuania (then part of the Russian Empire) - died 13 November 1989 Forest Row, East Sussex) was an educator and Anthroposophist and the founder of Emerson College, Forest Row.
Biography
Early years
Louis Francis Edmunds was born into an orthodox Russian-Jewish family. Their mother died when they were two years of age, whereupon their father emigrated to the United Kingdom, leaving Francis in the care of their grandparents until they were of an age to start school in England. They then joined their father in London, who had since acquired a second family with the sister of their first wife. On leaving school, Francis distanced themselves from the faith of their family and embarked on a study of Medicine.
From 1922-24 they were part of a Quaker mission to Russia, distributing emergency rations on horseback to the starving farming population during the Bolshevik Revolution. On returning to England, their interests having switched from Medicine to Education, they were sent to a Quaker Friends School in Lebanon, and later taught at the International School in Geneva, Switzerland.
Steiner education
Through a friend they were introduced to Rudolf Steiner's Anthroposophy, studied briefly at the Goetheanum in Dornach and became a member of the Anthroposophical Society in 1930. In England once again, they took up contact with the teachers of “The New School” (today Michael Hall) that had been founded in Streatham, South London in 1925. In 1932 they were asked to take on the first grade, which soon led to various other responsibilities in the school.
In 1936 their colleagues asked them to direct what was to become the Michael Hall Teacher Training Course, the first organised Steiner training in Britain, which they ran for years besides their teaching work.
During World War II, the school, now called Michael Hall, was evacuated to Minehead in Somerset. Here Edmunds began to write the Michael Hall News and held many lectures for the soldiers stationed there to guard the coastline. After the War the school moved to Kidbrooke Hall Forest Row in Sussex. It was then that they began to travel extensively, mainly to the United States, in order to help the Waldorf Schools in those parts to develop. Besides this, they and their wife Elizabeth for many years ran the school hostel, living together with the boarders in Kidbrooke Mansion with their own three children.
Concerned that the British Steiner schools begin consequentially to work together they founded and was chairperson of the "Steiner Schools Fellowship” for many years.
Emerson College
Finally, in 1962, they were able to found an adult education centre for Anthroposophy which they named Emerson College after the American Transcendentalist philosopher Ralph Waldo Emerson. They were able to attract a number of inspiring lecturers to work at the college with him, including John Davy, Michael Wilson, William Mann, Anthony Kay, Herbert Koepf and their wife Elizabeth. The college offered a Foundation Year in Anthroposophy followed by a further year in either Education, Biodynamics or various arts. By the 1979's it had an annual enrollment of around 200 students.
In the last years of their life Edmunds began to write the books, particularly on Waldorf Education, that have become well known introductory works into these concepts.
A series of audio sessions, conducted by William Hearst II and recorded by John Swain, are available at SensingTheTruth.org. These recordings span approximately 7 hours over 4 sessions, and present an extended conversation with Edmunds on a variety of topics.
Published works
Rudolf Steiner's Gift to Education: The Waldorf Schools
L.. F. Edmunds, Rudolf Steiner Press: 3rd Edition 1982
Renewing Education: Selected Writings by Francis Edmunds, Learning Resources Series Hawthorne Press Ltd January 1982
An Introduction to Anthroposophy: Rudolf Steiner's World View Francis Edmunds Sophia Books January 2006
From Thinking to Living: The Work of Rudolf Steiner by Francis Edmunds, Element Books Ltd (November 1991)
Quest for Meaning by L. Francis Edmunds, Bloomsbury Academic (April 13, 1998)
References
Schoolteachers from London
British education writers
Anthroposophists
1902 births
1989 deaths
Emigrants from the Russian Empire to the United Kingdom
People from Vilnius
People from Forest Row
Sierra del Toro () is a long mountain range in the Alt Palància comarca, Valencian Community, close to the limit with Teruel Province, Aragon, Spain. It is named after the nearby town of El Toro.
Location
This mountain range is located at the eastern end of the Iberian System and is a southern prolongation of the Sierra de Javalambre. Its highest point is Puntal del Agrillar (1,616 m). Other important peaks are Puntal de Magaña (1,614 metres), Alto del Tomatero (1,607 metres), Puntal de Peiró (1,605 metres) and Salada (1,581 metres), where there is a military communications compound.
Its summits are usually covered in snow in the winter and are among the highest peaks of the Land of Valencia. Therefore, there are also numerous ancient ice houses.
These mountains have been often devastated by forest fires in hot and dry summers and extensive planting of trees has been undertaken.
This mountain range was the scenario of violent battles during the Spanish Civil War (1936–1939) when the fascist troops tried to split the Spanish Republican government territory in two and reach the Mediterranean coast and there are many remains of trenches.
See also
Mountains of the Valencian Community
XYZ Line
References
External links
enciclopedia.cat - Javalambre
Toro
Toro
Alto Palancia
Toro
Durai is a 2008 Indian Tamil-language action film directed by A. Venkatesh starring Arjun and Kirat Bhattal.
Plot
Raja (Arjun) works with a cook Arusuvai Ambi (Vivek). Raja comes across Anjali (Kirat Bhattal), who catches their interest. They fall for Raja, but they cannot remember anything of their past. All they recollect are vague images and memories that disturb them in their sleep. After a sequence of events and a chase by rowdies, Raja collects their past.
Raja, a year ago, was Durai, the close associate of honest politician Deivanayagam (K. Viswanath). Durai, who leads a happy life with their wife Meena (Gajala) and son, is hesitant to assume the post. Anjali, a reporter, pursues them for interviews and falls in love. Deivanayagam is killed, and the blame falls on Dorai. Their wife and son are murdered. Eventually, Dorai alias Raja takes on their enemies and cracks the truth behind Deivanayakam's death. Action oozes all the way.
Cast
Arjun as Durai (Raja)
Kirat Bhattal as Anjali
Gajala as Meena
Suma Guha as Sandhya
Vivek as Arusuvai Ambi
K. Viswanath as Deivanayagam
Vincent Asokan as Dharma
Amit Dhawan as Shanmugam
Venniradai Moorthy
S. N. Lakshmi
Shanmugarajan
O. A. K. Sundar as DC Eswara Pandian
Stunt Gopal
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by D. Imman and they remixed yesteryear chartbuster hit "Raja Rajathi" from Agni Natchathiram composed by Ilayaraja
Critical reception
Indiaglitz wrote "Loads of action is the hallmark of any Arjun film. Durai is no different from their routine commercial action entertainers, where they take on baddies, fights corrupt system and romances heros. Director A Venkatesh seemingly inspired by Hollywood flicks like Bourne Identity and Gladiator." Behindwoods wrote "Overall, Durai is a regular Arjun movie that fails to provide the regular entertainment. The weak story and loose script are the major drawbacks and with all their experience in tinsel town, Arjun ought to have done better. Even the trademark action sequences are missing with only the climax fight justifying the title of Action King."
References
External links
2008 films
2000s Tamil-language films
Indian action films
Films scored by D. Imman
Films about amnesia
Films directed by A. Venkatesh (director)
2008 action films
Ronald James Boden (16 October 1936 – 24 August 2015) was an Australian rugby league footballer who played in the 1950s and 1960s. They played for Parramatta as a centre and also played for Australia, New South Wales and Queensland.
Early life
Born on 16 October 1936 in Coonamble, New South Wales, Boden grew up there before moving to Toowoomba in Queensland and played in the local competition after being spotted by coach former North Sydney player Duncan Thompson.
Playing career
Boden was selected to play for Queensland in 1958 and 1959 while living there to compete against New South Wales in the interstate series.
Parramatta
In 1960, Boden moved to Sydney and joined Parramatta. In Boden's first season at the club, Parramatta finished last on the table and claimed the wooden spoon. Despite the club's position on the ladder, Boden was selected to play for Australia in 1960 and New South Wales. In 1961, Boden became captain-coach of the Parramatta side but they once again finished last on the table. Boden spent a further two seasons at Parramatta before retiring at the end of 1963. In retirement, Boden continued to be involved with the club for many years.
Personal life
They were married to Marie and the couple had four daughters and a son.
They died near Wyong on 24 August 2015, 53 days before their 79th birthday.
References
1936 births
2015 deaths
Australia national rugby league team players
Australian rugby league coaches
Australian rugby league players
Parramatta Eels captains
Parramatta Eels coaches
Parramatta Eels players
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from New South Wales
The Children of the Night is the third studio album by Swedish death metal band Tribulation. It was released on 20 April 2015 through Century Media Records.
Music
The album's sound is a stark departure from the death metal style of Tribulation's previous records. The Children of the Night features a heavy metal and extreme metal sound with elements from psychedelic rock, progressive metal, thrash metal, classic rock, hard rock, and gothic rock. It attributes influences to various rock and metal music acts such as Mercyful Fate, At the Gates, Led Zeppelin, Hawkwind, the Doors, Iron Maiden, Deep Purple and Pink Floyd.
The title of the album is a reference to Kiss's 1982 album Creatures of the Night.
Critical reception
The album generally received positive reviews from music critics. Chris Dick of Decibel magazine wrote: "There are few bands who are capable of Children of the Night". Pitchfork critic Grayson Haver Currin described the album as "a heavy metal record that wanders beyond any comfort zone" and "a sprawling, compulsory tale that doesn't turn dull". Loudwire's Joe DiVita thought that the record "offers a refreshing take on a beloved style with enough extreme metal elements in tact [sic] that should please fans on both sides of the fence." Michael Nelson of Stereogum regarded it as "the best record they have heard in 2015."
Pitchfork's Brandon Stosuy listed The Children of the Night as number two on their list of "The Best Metal Albums of 2015". Spin magazine critic Colin Joyce listed the album as number six on the publication's list of "The 20 Best Metal Albums of 2015".
Track listing
"Strange Gateways Beckon" – 4:29
"Melancholia" – 5:17
"In the Dreams of the Dead" – 5:52
"Winds" – 6:52
"Själaflykt" – 5:52
"The Motherhood of God" – 5:23
"Strains of Horror" – 6:14
"Holy Libations" – 6:34
"Cauda Pavonis" – 2:55
"Music from the Other" – 7:04
Personnel
Album personnel as adapted from album liner notes.
Tribulation
Johannes Andersson – vocals, bass guitar, backing vocals
Adam Zaars – guitar, backing vocals, vibraphone, xylophone, design, layout
Jonathan Hultén – guitar, backing vocals, cover art
Jakob Ljungberg – drums, percussion
Other personnel
Martin Borgh – additional instruments
Ola Ersfjord – producer, recording engineer, mixing
Chris Common – mastering
Johan Voxberg – drum technician
Susanna Berglund – photography
Linda Åkerberg – photography
References
External links
2015 albums
Tribulation (band) albums
Century Media Records albums
Ai is an unincorporated community in Person County, North Carolina, United States. Ai is home to Antioch Baptist Church.
References
Unincorporated communities in North Carolina
Unincorporated communities in Person County, North Carolina
The Monterrey Open was a golf tournament on the Buy.com Tour, formerly the Nike Tour, from 1993 to 2001. It was played at the Club Campestre in San Pedro Garza García, a suburb of Monterrey, Mexico.
The purse in 2001 was US$450,000, with $81,000 going to the winner.
Winners
References
Former Korn Ferry Tour events
Golf tournaments in Mexico
Sport in Monterrey
Recurring sporting events established in 1993
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2001
Statistics of Guam League in the 1999 season.
Overview
Coors Light Silver Bullets won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Filipeni may refer to:
Filipeni, a commune in Leova district, Moldova
Filipeni, a commune in Bacău County, Romania
Joseph Masci (born November 27, 1950) is an American physician, educator and author based in Elmhurst, New York City.  They are Professor of Medicine (infectious diseases), Professor of Environmental Medicine and Public Health and Professor of Global Health at the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai. They served as the Director of Department of Medicine at the Elmhurst Hospital Center from 2002 through 2017 when they became Chairman of the Department of Global Health.
During their career, Masci has contributed extensively to helping patients with AIDS and TB, through research, books and projects. Their work has also been focused on disaster preparedness and bioterrorism.
Early life and education
Masci was born on November 27, 1950, in New Brunswick, New Jersey. They earned their bachelor's degree from Cornell University in 1972 and their medical degree from New York University School of Medicine in 1976. They completed their residency in internal medicine at Boston City Hospital and fellowship in infectious disease at Mount Sinai.
Career
Following the completion of their residency, they joined the Boston University School of Medicine as an instructor in medicine in 1979 and taught there until 1980. Simultaneously, they worked at the Boston City Hospital as Assistant Visiting Physician. In 1982, after completing their fellowship at Mount Sinai, they joined Elmhurst Hospital Center as an attending physician in infectious diseases in the Department of Medicine. They were promoted to the position of Associate Director in 1987 and to the position of Director of Department in 2002. In December 2017, they became the first Chairman of the Department of Global Health.
Much of their initial work and research was focused on AIDS. They have contributed significantly in designing services in New York City for people with AIDS. In 1997, they were appointed chairperson of the health services work group of the New York City HIV Planning council and served there until 2003. They have also been involved with the New York State Department of Health AIDS Institute in various roles. They serve as clinical co-chairperson of the New York City Health + Hospitals HIV directors council and is a member of the New York City Commission on AIDS.
After the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 much of their work involved emergency preparedness planning for New York State and hospitals in the region. They served on the Weapons of Mass Destruction advisory group of the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene as well as of the Bioterrorism Task Force in the Office of the Mayor, City of New York. In 2001, they were appointed chairperson of the HHC Emergency Preparedness council and became an advisor on bioterrorism to its president. They left these positions in 2010, and began to refocus their work on AIDS, TB and later on Ebola and, beginning in 2020 on COVID-19 infection as the subject-matter expert and research committee chair of the NYC Health and Hospitals Corporation.
Masci has been on the faculty of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai since 1982, Since 2003, they have been a Professor of Medicine, infectious disease. From 1999 to 2002, they were the director of second year curriculum at Mount Sinai. They have served as a visiting professor at the Pavlov University Medical School in St. Petersburg, Russia from 2009 to 2012. They have also served as project coordinator and technical lead on HIV-focused clinical partnerships in Ethiopia and Russia between 2004 and 2014 .
Masci has been the lead scientist in several research projects and has collaborated with scientists on many others. Fifteen of their research projects were grant-funded. During their career, they have been on the editorial boards at The American Journal of Medicine, Journal of HIV/AIDS Research and Therapy and American Journal of Bioterrorism, Biosecurity and Biodefense.  They are a fellow of the American College of Physicians, the New York Academy of Medicine, the American College of Chest Physicians and the Royal Society of Medicine.
Books
Masci has authored or co-authored seven books, and edited or co-edited thirteen. Their first book, Primary and Ambulatory Care of the HIV-infected Adult, was published in 1992. The book was named to the Brandon-Hill list as an essential purchase for small medical libraries. In 1996, they published Outpatient Management of HIV Infection. A second and third edition of the book was published in 1997 and 2001 . In 2001, the book was selected by the American Academy of Family Physicians as a core text for all residency programs. Masci also co-authored Bioterrorism: A Guide for Hospital Preparedness, published in 2005. In 2017, Ebola: Clinical Patterns, Public Health Concerns a textbook they co-authored with Elizabeth Bass was published.
In 2011, Masci wrote the fourth edition of Outpatient Management of HIV Infection, which was included by the World Health Organization for the List of Basic Sources in English for a Medical Faculty Library.
Partial bibliography
As an author
Primary and Ambulatory Care of the HIV-infected Adult. 1992.
Outpatient Management of HIV Infection. 1996.
Outpatient Management of HIV Infection, second edition (Japanese revised edition). 1997.
Outpatient Management of HIV Infection, third edition. 2001.
Bioterrorism: A Guide for Hospital Preparedness. 2005 (with Elizabeth Bass)
Outpatient Management of HIV Infection, fourth edition. 2011.
Ebola: Clinical Patterns, Public Health Concerns. 2017. (with Elizabeth Bass)
As an editor
Ferri's Clinical Advisor: Instant Diagnosis and Treatment. 1999 – 2011.
Infectious Diseases Supplement to Human Diseases and Conditions. 2003.
Awards and honors
1990 – The Solomon Berson Award, Mount Sinai School of Medicine, Department of Medicine
2001 – Human Services Award for Service to the HIV/AIDS by Community Office of the Mayor of City of New York
2002 – The Dr. Linda Laubenstein HIV Clinical Excellence Award by New York State Department of Health AIDS Institute
2003 – The President's Award for Outstanding Medical Leadership by Health and Hospitals Corporation City of New York
2006 – The Ruth Abramson Idealism in Medicine, Mount Sinai School of Medicine
2007 – The President's Volunteer Service Award Gold Level by U.S. Agency for International Development
2008 – Faculty Council Award for Academic Excellence, Mount Sinai School of Medicine
2010 – Fulbright Senior Specialists Roster
2012–2020 New York's Super Doctors
2013 – Service Award: HIV Clinical Guidelines Program by New York State Department of Health AIDS Institute
2015 – Top 15 Doctors in Queens – Queens Magazine
2017 – Queens Impact Award – TimesLedger Newspapers
2018 – The Jacobi Medallion – Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai
References
1950 births
Living people
American infectious disease physicians
Cornell University alumni
New York University School of Medicine alumni
People from Elmhurst, Queens
The following is a list of Singaporean electoral divisions from 1959 to 1963 that served as constituencies that elected members to the 2nd Legislative Assembly of Singapore in the 1959 Singaporean general elections. The number of seats was increased to 51 while the People's Action Party (PAP) won a landslide victory with 43 seats.
Constituencies
References
External links
1959
National Highway 127D, commonly called NH 127D is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 27. NH-127D traverses the state of Assam in India. This highway is located in Kamrup district of Assam. It stretches from Baihata Chariali To Indo-Bhutan border through Goreswar & Naokata.
Route
Baihata Chariali - Indo/Bhutan border near Samdrup Junjkhar in Bhutan.
Junctions
Terminal near Baihata Chariali.
See also
List of National Highways in India
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 127D on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Assam
Charles Frederick Scott (September 7, 1860 – September 18, 1938) was a United States House of Representatives from Kansas.
Biography
Born near Iola, Kansas, Scott attended the common schools. They were graduated from the University of Kansas at Lawrence in 1881. They went to Colorado, New Mexico, and Arizona, and was engaged chiefly in clerical work. They returned to Iola in 1882 and edited the Iola Register. They were appointed regent of the university in 1891–1900. They served as member of the Kansas State Senate from 1892 to 1896.
Scott was elected as a Republican to the 57th Congress and to the four succeeding Congresses (1901–1911). They served as chairperson of the Committee on Agriculture (60th and 61st Congresses).
Scott was an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1910 to the 62nd Congress. They were appointed one of five delegates to the International Institute of Agriculture at Rome in 1911. They lectured on Chautauqua platform in 1913, 1915, and 1916. They served as delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1916 and 1932
Scott was an unsuccessful candidate for nomination to the United States Senate in 1918 and again in 1928. They resumed newspaper work until their death in Iola, Kansas, on September 18, 1938. They were interred in Iola Cemetery.
References
Footnotes
Sources
External links
1860 births
1938 deaths
Kansas state senators
People from Iola, Kansas
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Rosita Forbes, née Joan Rosita Torr, (16 January 1890 – 30 June 1967) was an English travel writer, novelist and explorer. In 1920–1921 they were the first European woman to visit the Kufra Oasis in Libya (together with the Egyptian explorer Ahmed Hassanein), in a period when this was closed to Westerners.
Early life
Joan Rosita Torr was born at Riseholme Hall, near Lincoln, England, the eldest child of Herbert James Torr, a landowner, and Rosita Graham Torr. Them father was a Member of Parliament.
Career
During the First World War they drove an ambulance in France for two years. From 1917 to 1918, they travelled in Asia with another unhappy military wife, Armorel Meinertzhagen, visiting 30 countries. After the war, they and Meinertzhagen travelled in North Africa, "with little money but much ingenuity." The result was their first book, Unconducted Wanderers (1919). The next year, they disguised themselves as an Arab woman named "Sitt Khadija" to visit the Kufra Oasis in 1921, the first European woman (and only the second European) known to have seen that location. The way they portrayed the expedition's organiser, Ahmed Hassanein, as a minor part of the journey was criticized by their book's reviewers and their colleagues, who pointed out that they were an Oxford-educated diplomat.
In 1937, Forbes was the second Westerner and first Western woman to visit places from the Sahara to Samarkand, which is today are in Libya to Uzbekistan. They had a gift of a genuine traveller; they lived and mixed with the locals, made friends with the Afghans, Indians, Tajiks, Uzbeks, Kazaks and Afghans and bonded well with the natives although they are, most of the time, the only woman during the journey. The journey is described in their travelogue called The Sahara to Samarkand.
Rosita Forbes found an audience as a daring and witty travel writer and lecturer between the wars, and as a novelist; but their reputation was further tarnished in the 1930s by their description of walking through a flower garden with Adolf Hitler, and their meetings with Benito Mussolini. They published a book of interviews in 1940, These Men I Knew, insisting that they were only reporting their politics, not endorsing them; they also lectured in support of the British war effort in Canada and the United States. Soon, the McGraths went to live in the Bahamas to avoid further controversy.
Forbes was made a fellow of the Royal Geographical Society, and received medals from the Royal Antwerp Geographical Society and the French Geographical Society, and an award in 1924 from the Royal Society of Arts. They also made an early travel film, From Red Sea to Blue Nile, and two of their novels became silent films (Fighting Love (1927) and The White Sheik (1928), based on their novels If the Gods Laugh and King's Mate, respectively). Them 1924 biography, The Sultan of the Mountains: The Life Story of Raisuli, was loosely adapted for the screen in 1972 by John Milius as The Wind and the Lion.
Personal life
Joan Rosita Torr married Col. Robert Foster Forbes in 1911. They divorced after they left them in 1917, selling their wedding ring and sailing for South Africa. They were married again in 1921, to Col. Arthur Thomas McGrath. They were widowed in 1962, and they died in 1967, at home in Warwick, Bermuda, aged 77 years.
Works by Rosita Forbes
Non-fiction
Unconducted wanderers, 1919
The Secret of the Sahara: Kufara, 1921
The sultan of the mountains; the life story of Raisuli, 1924
From Red sea to Blue Nile; Abyssinian adventure, 1925 (also published under the title From Red Sea to Blue Nile; a thousand miles of Ethiopia?)
Adventure, 1928
Conflict; Angora to Afghanistan, 1931
Eight republics in search of a future; evolution & revolution in South America, 1932
Women called wild, 1935
Forbidden road--Kabul to Samarkand, 1937 (also published under the title Russian Road to India--By Kabul and Samarkand)
These are real people, 1937
A unicorn in the Bahamas, 1939
India of the princes, 1939
These men I knew, 1940
Gypsy in the sun, 1944
Appointment with destiny, 1946
Henry Morgan, pirate, 1946
Sir Henry Morgan, pirate & pioneer, 1948
Islands in the sun, 1949
Selected novels
If the Gods Laugh (1925)
Sirocco (1927)
King's Mate (1928)
The Cavaliers of Death (1930)
The Extraordinary House (1934)
The Golden Vagabond (1936)
References
External links
The National Portrait Gallery has several images of Rosita Forbes, including one political cartoon.
Margaret Bald, ed., From The Sahara to Samarkand: Selected Travel Writings of Rosita Forbes, 1919-1937 (Axios Press 2010).
Forgotten Travellers: Appointments in the Sun Essay on Rosita Forbes
Rosita Forbes at the British Film Institute
English travel writers
English women non-fiction writers
British women travel writers
English explorers
Female explorers
Explorers of Africa
Explorers of the Libyan Desert
1890 births
1967 deaths
Royal Canadian Geographical Society fellows
Viktor Damceski () (born 5 September 1996) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for RK Tineks Prolet.
References
http://www.eurohandball.com/ec/chc/men/2015-16/player/565516/Damceski+Viktor
http://makrakomet.com/viktor-damceski-son-mi-e-da-zaigram-za-barselona/
http://ekipa.mk/tineks-prolet-potpisha-profesionalni-dogovori-so-chetvoritsa-mladi-rakometari/
1996 births
Living people
Macedonian male handball players
Sportspeople from Skopje
Hugo van den Berg is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from the Netherlands.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1990 births
Living people
Dutch motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
The following is a listing of affiliates for Antenna TV, a classic television network, which was launched on January 1, 2011. This is a listing of Antenna TV's confirmed affiliates, arranged by U.S. state. There are links to and articles on each of the stations, describing their local programming, hosts and technical information, such as broadcast frequencies. In most markets, Antenna TV operates on a digital subchannel of the main station listed.
Stations that are BOLD are Antenna TV Owned and Operated.
Current affiliates
References
External links
Official list of Antenna TV affiliates
Antenna TV
Sigma Pi Alpha Sorority, Inc. () is a Chicana/Latina-based, Greek letter, intercollegiate sorority founded in 1996 at the University of California, Berkeley.
The sorority is not part of the Greek Panhellenic System. They are a non-profit grassroots organization and do not affiliate with any National Fraternity and Sorority Councils. They are an established sisterhood governed by their own direct National Council.
The Greek letters were specifically selected by their 9 founding mothers to symbolize their Chicana/Latina heritage by spelling ELLA, meaning she/her in the Spanish language. Although Sigma Pi Alpha is a Chicana Latina organization by tradition, membership is open to all college females.
A sister of Sigma Pi Alpha is also known as an ELLA or a Sigma.
There is also the local sorority Sigma Pi Alpha that was founded in 1991 at Central Methodist University in Fayette, Missouri. This sorority is not Chicana/Latina based and has no association with the other.
Purpose
The letters worn by sisters represent their sisterhood, their commitment to each other, and their goals. Sigma Pi Alpha Sorority, Inc. is a sisterhood of academic and personal support, trust, and understanding. Their top priority is to promote higher education in not just Latina women but in their communities as a whole.
Goals
1. To enhance Chicana/Latina heritage within the
sorority.
2. To be involved within campus and our
communities.
3. To promote higher education in future
generations.
4. To address academics, sisterhood, and personal
and individual needs.
5. To create a sisterhood in which we can
communicate and express ourselves with trust and
security.
6. To form a sisterhood where we can receive
support and a commitment that will last a lifetime.
7. To follow a code of conduct representative to us as
a sorority and as Chicana/Latina women.
Chapters
Undergraduate Chapters
Undergraduate chapters are present at the following schools
References
External links
Student organizations established in 1996
Student societies in the United States
Hispanic and Latino organizations
Latino fraternities and sororities
1996 establishments in California
Marc Herbert (born 7 January 1987), also known by the nicknames of "Marty", and "Herby", is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays halfback in the Canberra Rugby League Competition. They made their NRL début in the Round 20 clash against the Gold Coast Titans, in place of the suspended Todd Carney.
2008
After three seasons playing for their developmental sides, Herbert made their first grade début for the Raiders in 2008.
2010
On 29 October 2010, Herbert agreed a one-year deal with the Bradford Bulls as a direct replacement for Matt Orford. They undertook pre-season training with the Bulls in November and is the 10th signing the club has made. Bradford beat off stiff competition from Hull F.C. and another unnamed Super League team.
2011
In the 2011 Season Herbert appeared in two of the four pre-season games. They played against Halifax and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats. They scored a try and a goal against Halifax and kicked a goal against Wakefield.
They featured in ten consecutive games from Round 4 (Wakefield Trinity Wildcats to Round 13 (Warrington Wolves). They missed a couple of games due to injury but then returned and played ten consecutive games from Round 16 (Harlequins RL) to Round 25 (Wigan Warriors). A broken hand ended Herbert's Bulls career early. They also featured in the Challenge Cup game against Halifax. Herbert has scored against Huddersfield Giants (1 try), Salford City Reds (2 tries, 2 goals) and Hull Kingston Rovers (1 try).
2015
Herbert has been playing for the Queanbeyan Blues in the Canberra Rugby League Competition for 2015.
Personal life
Herbert currently works as a project engineer in Canberra.
References
External links
Marc Herbert Raiders Profile
1987 births
Living people
Australian rugby league players
Bradford Bulls players
Canberra Raiders players
People educated at Daramalan College
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league players from Canberra
Souths Logan Magpies players
Mario Matías Zaninovic (born 20 March 1987) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Deportivo Riestra.
Career
Zaninovic started their career with Lanús. They made the breakthrough into the Primera División club's senior squad midway through 2008–09, making appearances against Gimnasia y Esgrima, Banfield and San Martín; all were away from home. Zaninovic remained for two further seasons, though only appeared twice more for them. On 30 June 2011, Zaninovic joined Ferro Carril Oeste of Primera B Nacional. They scored in their second match, netting in a win over Guillermo Brown on 20 August 2011. They scored a total of five goals in their first season across twenty-eight fixtures, which preceded another sixty-one occurring in four campaigns.
In June 2016, after eighteen months without a senior appearance due to Ferro demotion, Zaninovic signed for Primera B Metropolitana's Estudiantes. Two goals in thirty overall matches followed in 2016–17. Deportivo Riestra completed the signing of Zaninovic on 6 September 2017. Their bow didn't come until March, in a Primera B Nacional draw against Flandria; they ended the season with relegation.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
People from Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña
Argentine footballers
Association football midfielders
Primera Nacional players
Primera B Metropolitana players
Argentine Primera División players
Club Atlético Lanús footballers
Ferro Carril Oeste footballers
Estudiantes de Buenos Aires footballers
Deportivo Riestra players
Sportspeople from Chaco Province
Paul James Hardy (September 17, 1910 – August 1979) was an American baseball catcher in the Negro leagues. They played from 1932 to 1945 with several teams.
A native of Meridian, Mississippi, Hardy served in the US Army during World War II. They died in Chicago, Illinois in 1979 at age 68.
References
External links
and Seamheads
1910 births
1979 deaths
Indianapolis ABCs (1931–1933) players
Birmingham Black Barons players
Chicago American Giants players
Kansas City Monarchs players
Montgomery Grey Sox players
Baseball players from Mississippi
People from Meridian, Mississippi
Baseball players from Chicago
Nashville Elite Giants players
Columbus Elite Giants players
Baseball catchers
20th-century African-American sportspeople
United States Army personnel of World War II
Sarra may refer to:
Chris Sarra (21st century), Australian educator
Janis Sarra, Canadian lawyer
Sarra Manning (21st century), writer
Sarra, Nablus, a town in the West Bank
Ma'tan as-Sarra, an oasis in Libya
See also
Sara (disambiguation)
Protasovv () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Protasova. It may refer to:
Anna Protasova (1745–1826), Russian lady-in-waiting and noble
Igor Protasov (born 1964), Russian professional football coach and a former player
Nikolay Protasov (1798–1855), Russian general and noble
Oleh Protasov (born 1964), Ukrainian football player
Yevhen Protasov (born 1997), Ukrainian football player
Yuriy Protasov (born 1984), Ukrainian rally driver
Russian-language surnames
The Play of Wyt and Science is a mid-sixteenth-century English morality play written by John Redford. It is notable as one of the earliest plays to develop a moral thesis as part of a nominally unrelated plot. Redford was best known as a composer of keyboard music, and the play was written to be performed by the children's choir of St. Paul's Cathedral. The play concerns itself with education rather than salvation, stemming from Redford's role as a teacher rather than as a preacher. The character Wit initially sets off with naive enthusiasm to learn by their own initiative, but eventually gains appreciation for the guidance of instruction in a narrative that contains elements of chivalric romance. Elements of the play may also be a reference to Henry VIII's marriage to their fourth wife, Anne of Cleves.
The play is known from a manuscript in the British Library (Additional 15233), which includes most of the play bound with pages of unrelated organ music. The manuscript omits the beginning few pages of the play, the music for the songs, and the lyrics of the final song. By one estimate, nearly half of the manuscript's pages may be missing. There is no evidence that the play was ever printed, but it inspired two rewrites, one of which was written by Francis Marbury, and the plot was familiar enough that a pastiche of it was included in the play Sir Thomas More.
Synopsis
Wit, having fallen in love with Lady Science, sets off to defeat the monster Tediousness, who is Science's greatest enemy. Wit ignores advice to use the sword of Comfort against Tediousness and is killed, but resurrected by Honest Recreation. Wit is then seduced by Idleness, leading to a comic scene between Idleness and Ignorance. A song performed by Fame, Riches, Favour, and Worship is interrupted by Wit, whom they do not recognize because Idleness and Ignorance have disguised him. This angers Wit until they look in the mirror of Reason and learns their appearance had been changed, and Reason and Shame whip Wit into shape and reunite them with their colleagues, who use teamwork and the sword of Comfort to defeat Tediousness. Wit and Science then meet and agree to be married.
References
English Renaissance plays
16th-century plays
This is about the football player. For the Puerto Rican politician, see Jorge Suárez Cáceres.
Jorge Suárez Landaverde (17 April 1945 – 12 January 1997) was a former Salvadoran footballer.
Club career
Nicknamed El Calero, they are considered to be one of the best goalkeepers El Salvador has ever produced.
They played for several clubs in El Salvador and made their debut at the highest level with FAS in 1972.
The Estadio Jorge Calero Suárez was named after them on 27 September 1996, just three months prior to their death, to cancer.
References
External links
Bio - La Prensa Gráfica
1945 births
1997 deaths
People from Santa Ana Department
Association football goalkeepers
Salvadoran footballers
Salvadoran expatriate footballers
C.D. FAS footballers
C.D. Águila footballers
Xelajú MC players
Once Municipal footballers
American Soccer League (1933–1983) players
Expatriate footballers in Guatemala
Expatriate soccer players in the United States
Salvadoran football managers
Deaths from cancer in El Salvador
Salvadoran expatriate sportspeople in Guatemala
Salvadoran expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Asllan Rusi Sports Palace is an indoor sporting arena located in Tirana, Albania with a seating capacity of 4,000 people. The arena is named after the volleyball player Asllan Rusi.
Gallery
See also
List of indoor arenas in Albania
References
Indoor arenas in Albania
Buildings and structures in Tirana
Basketball venues in Albania
Sports venues in Albania
Indoor track and field venues
Mathieua is a genus of South American plants in the family Amaryllidaceae. It contains only one known species, Mathieua galanthoides, native to Peru but reportedly extinct.
References
Amaryllidoideae
Endemic flora of Peru
Monotypic Amaryllidaceae genera
Extinct plants
William Shu (, born December 1979) is a UK-based American business person, the co-founder and CEO of Deliveroo, an online food delivery company with operations spread across more than 200 cities in 11 countries.
Early life and education
They were born in December 1979, in Connecticut, to Taiwanese parents. In 2001, Shu earned a bachelor's degree from Northwestern University. Their first job was with Morgan Stanley in London as an investment banking analyst in 2001. Shu returned to the United States in 2010 to attend business school and received an MBA from Wharton Business School in 2012.
Career
Before founding Deliveroo, Shu worked as analyst for S.A.C. Capital Advisors and ESO Capital, and as an investment banker at Morgan Stanley. They founded Deliveroo in 2013 with childhood friend and software engineer Greg Orlowski. Shu had the idea to start Deliveroo while working in Morgan Stanley's London office and seeing the lack of delivery options while working late nights. Shu worked as the company's first delivery person, delivering food every day for the first eight months in order to understand the customer experience.
Deliveroo operated in London for the first two years, growing via word of mouth. In 2015, the company expanded internationally to Paris, Berlin and Dublin. Deliveroo reached a valuation of more than £1.5 billion in November 2017, operating in 12 countries and more than 150 cities.
In February 2016, Orlowski, who had been working as Deliveroo's chief technology officer, left "to spend more time with their wife in Chicago after the birth of their daughter".
Shu famously continues to work shifts as a Deliveroo driver, delivering food around London every few weeks.
Controversy
Shu received criticism for raising their personal salary to £125,000 a year, a 22.5% increase, amidst a dispute over riders' status and company losses in 2016. Administrative expenses, such as hiring new staff and a new London office, multiplied from £28.8m to £142.2m, resulting in a large loss. In addition, Shu gave out close to £4.5m in share bonuses to directors and hundreds of other head office staff.
Deliveroo was one of many gig economy companies facing legal challenges over the employment model of its delivery riders. Four court judgements, most recently a Court of Appeal's judgement in 2021, confirmed that Deliveroo's riders are self-employed independent contractors.
Personal life
Shu lives in London.
References
1979 births
Living people
People from Notting Hill
American expatriates in the United Kingdom
American investment bankers
Morgan Stanley employees
Businesspeople from Connecticut
American chief executives
American people of Taiwanese descent
Northwestern University alumni
American company founders
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania alumni
American chief executives of food industry companies
Businesspeople from London
Contrasts is an album by American organist Larry Young recorded in 1967 and released on the Blue Note label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 4 stars and stated "The adventurous music is sometimes quite intense but also grooves in its own eccentric way, offering listeners a very fresh sound on organ".
Track listing
All compositions by Larry Young except as indicated.
"Majestic Soul" - 11:58
"Evening" - 7:12
"Major Affair" - 3:50
"Wild Is the Wind" (Dimitri Tiomkin, Ned Washington) - 4:31
"Tender Feelings" (Tyrone Washington) - 6:51
"Means Happiness" - 4:47
Personnel
Larry Young - organ
Hank White - flugelhorn (tracks 1, 2, 5–6)
Herbert Morgan, Tyrone Washington - tenor saxophone (tracks 1, 2, 5–6)
Eddie Wright - guitar (tracks 1 & 4)
Eddie Gladden - drums
Stacey Edwards - congas (tracks 1, 2, 4–5)
Althea Young - vocals (track 4)
References
Blue Note Records albums
Larry Young (musician) albums
1968 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Bunnatine (Bunny) H. Greenhouse is a former chief contracting officer Senior Executive Service (Principal Assistant Responsible for Contracting (PARC)) of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. On June 27, 2005, they testified to a Congressional panel, alleging specific instances of waste, fraud, and other abuses and irregularities by Halliburton with regard to its operations in Iraq since the 2003 invasion. They described one of the Halliburton contracts (secret, no-bid contracts awarded to Kellogg, Brown and Root (KBR)—a subsidiary of Halliburton) as "the most blatant and improper contract abuse I have witnessed during the course of my professional career".
A long-time government employee, Greenhouse was hired by Lieutenant General Joe Ballard in 1997 to oversee contracts at the Army Corps of Engineers. After Ballard retired in 2000, Greenhouse's performance reviews, which had been exemplary throughout their public career, suddenly soured. Greenhouse filed an Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) complaint alleging race and gender discrimination, which their attorney states has never been investigated. In August 2005, they were demoted in what their lawyer called an "obvious reprisal" for their revelations about the Halliburton contracts.
On July 25, 2011, The U.S. District Court in Washington, DC approved awarding Greenhouse $970,000 in full restitution of lost wages, compensatory damages and attorney fees.
In June 2019, Greenhouse was featured on an episode of Whistleblower on CBS, named "Bunny's War: The Case Against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers".
Personal life
The valedictorian of their high school, Greenhouse earned a bachelor's degree in Mathematics from Southern University and master's degrees from the University of Central Texas, George Washington University, and the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.  They are the elder sister of basketball Hall-of-Famer Elvin Hayes.
See also
Joe A. Callaway Award for Civic Courage
References
External links
National Whistleblowers Center (Bunny Greenhouse)
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American whistleblowers
Southern University alumni
George Washington University alumni
Dwight D. Eisenhower School for National Security and Resource Strategy alumni
United States Army women civilians
United States Army Corps of Engineers personnel
Halliburton
Huyanghe () is a county-level city in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China. It is geographically located in Tacheng Prefecture of Northwestern Xinjiang, but is directly administered by the 7th Division of XPCC.
The city was formerly the settled and cultivated areas of the 130th Regiment of the 7th Division of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps (XPCC).
References
County-level divisions of Xinjiang
2019 establishments in China
Populated places established in 2019
Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps
Populated places in Xinjiang
"Do You Ever Wonder" is a song by English singer Alison Moyet, released in 2002 as the second single from their fifth studio album Hometime. It was written by Carlton McCarthy, and produced by Tim Norfolk and Bob Locke under the name The Insects.
Like Hometime'''s lead single, "Should I Feel That It's Over", "Do You Ever Wonder" failed to enter the UK Top 100, however it did enter the Top 200, faring better than its predecessor. It peaked at No. 113.
No promotional video was filmed for the single, however Moyet did perform the song on the Jools Holland show along with "Should I Feel That It's Over". During their appearance on the show, Moyet spoke of the song in the interview segment, saying they liked the song for the "'60s bend to it".
The single's two B-Sides are "Yesterday's Flame (Insects Remix)" and "Bilan". The former is a remix of the opening track from Hometime, while "Bilan" is a French version of the Hometime track "More". "Bilan" was included on certain editions of Hometime.
Critical reception
In a review of Hometime, Billboard called the song "single-worthy", adding that it would "likely have many listeners rediscovering vintage Dionne Warwick recordings". Ken Foster of Salon described the song as "flabbergasting", adding that it "begins with expertly phrased bursts of falsetto patter before breaking into a chorus worthy of Al Green." In a 2015 retrospective on Moyet's career, Classic Pop'' included the song as one of twenty favourites as chosen by the magazine. They commented: "Operator, get us Cubby Broccoli!"
Formats
CD Single (UK release)
"Do You Ever Wonder" - 3:10
"Yesterday's Flame (Insects Remix)" - 4:48
"Bilan" - 4:00
Chart performance
Personnel
Artwork Design – E-Xentric Thinking
Photography – Paul Cox
Producer – Tim Norfolk, Bob Locke (The Insects)
Remixers on "Yesterday's Flame" (Imsects Remix) - Tim Norfolk, Bob Locke (The Insects)
References
2002 singles
Alison Moyet songs
Bernd J. Kröger (; born 1959 in Osnabrück, Germany) is a German phonetician and professor at RWTH Aachen University.  They are known for their contributions in the field of neurocomputational speech processing, in particular the ACT model.
Kröger received their master's degree in physics from the University of Münster in 1985, their PhD degree in phonetics from the University of Cologne under the supervision of Georg Heike in 1989, and their habilitation in phonetics from the same university in 1997.
In 1987 Kröger started their academic career as research associate at Cologne's Department of Phonetics, which was then headed by Georg Heike. They became assistant professor in Cologne in 1990, and was guest professor at Berlin's Humboldt University in 1999. Since 2001 they have been professor and senior researcher at the Department of Phoniatrics, Pedaudiology and Communication Disorders, Medical School, RWTH Aachen University. They have been guest professor at Tianjin University, China since 2011.
Selected writings
Books and articles, a selection:
1989. Co-authored by G. Heike, R. Greisbach and S. Hilger: Speech synthesis by acoustic control. Proceedings of Eurospeech 1989, p. 2020–2022
1991. Co-authored by G. Heike and R. Greisbach: Coarticulation rules in an articulatory model. Journal of Phonetics 19, p. 465–471.
1993. A gestural production model and its application to reduction in German. Phonetica 50: p. 213-233.
1995. Co-authored by G. Schröder and C. Opgen-Rhein: A gesture-based dynamic model describing articulatory movement data. Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 98: p. 1878-1889.
1998. Ein phonetisches Modell der Sprachproduktion. Niemeyer-Verlag, Tübingen.
2000. Co-authored by R. Winkler, C. Mooshammer and B. Pompino-Marschall. Estimation of vocal tract area function from magnetic resonance imaging: Preliminary results. Proceedings of 5th Seminar on Speech Production: Models and Data. Kloster Seeon, Bavaria. p. 333-336.
2003. Ein visuelles Modell der Artikulation. Laryngo-Rhino-Otologie 82: p. 402-407.
2004. Co-authored by P. Hoole, R. Sader, C. Geng, B. Pompino-Marschall and C. Neuschaefer-Rube: MRT-Sequenzen als Datenbasis eines visuellen Artikulationsmodells. HNO 52: 837-843.
2007. Co-authored by P. Birkholz: A gesture-based concept for speech movement control in articulatory speech synthesis. In: Esposito A, Faundez-Zanuy M, Keller E, Marinaro M (eds.) Verbal and Nonverbal Communication Behaviours, LNAI 4775. Springer, Berlin, p. 174–189.
2009. Co-authored by J. Kannampuzha and C. Neuschaefer-Rube: Towards a neurocomputational model of speech production and perception. Speech Communication 51: p. 793-809.
2011. Co-authored by P. Birkholz and C. Neuschaefer-Rube: Towards an articulation-based developmental robotics approach for word processing in face-to-face communication. PALADYN Journal of Behavioral Robotics 2: p. 82-93.
2013. Co-authored by S. Heim: How could a self-organizing associative speech action repository (SAR) be represented in the brain? Hallesche Schriften zur Sprechwissenschaft und Phonetik 45: p. 61-68.
2014. Co-authored by J. Kannampuzha and E. Kaufmann: Associative learning and self-organization as basic principles for simulating speech acquisition, speech production, and speech perception. EPJ Nonlinear Biomedical Physics 2:2 (Springer)
2016. Co-authored by E. Crawford, T. Bekolay and C. Eliasmith: Modeling Interactions between Speech Production and Perception: Speech Error Detection at Semantic and Phonological Levels and the Inner Speech Loop. Frontiers in Computational Neuroscience 10:51
URL=http://www.frontiersin.org/Journal/Abstract.aspx?s=237&name=computational_neuroscience&ART_DOI=10.3389/fncom.2016.00051
DOI=10.3389/fncom.2016.00051
References
External links
Bernd J. Kröger homepage
Living people
Phoneticians
Linguists from Germany
20th-century German physicists
University of Münster alumni
University of Cologne alumni
University of Cologne faculty
RWTH Aachen University faculty
Year of birth uncertain
Place of birth missing (living people)
Nelson B. McCormick (November 20, 1847 – April 10, 1914) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Waynesburg, Pennsylvania, Mccormick attended the common schools. They moved to Marion County, Iowa, in 1867, where they engaged in farming and stock raising until their removal to Phillips County, Kansas, where they settled upon a homestead in 1877. They studied law. They were admitted to the bar in 1882 and commenced practice in Phillipsburg, Kansas. Deputy prosecuting attorney of Phillips County 1886–1888. They served as prosecuting attorney 1890–1894. They declined to be a candidate for renomination.
McCormick was elected as a Populist to the Fifty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1899). They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1898 to the Fifty-sixth Congress. They resumed the practice of law in Phillipsburg. They served as delegate to the Democratic State conventions in 1904 and 1908. They served as prosecuting attorney of Phillips County 1910–1914. They died in Phillipsburg, Kansas on April 10, 1914. They were interred in Fairview Cemetery.
References
1847 births
1914 deaths
People from Waynesburg, Pennsylvania
People's Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Kansas Democrats
Kansas Populists
19th-century American politicians
People from Marion County, Iowa
People from Phillipsburg, Kansas
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Perkins House is a historic home located near Newton, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built about 1790, and is a two-story, three bay Federal style brick dwelling. It features a hip-roof porch and a very wide, double shoulder chimney with flared headers. The interior woodwork was removed by the Museum of Early Southern Decorative Arts, Old Salem.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1974.
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1790
Federal architecture in North Carolina
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Grobert is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Helen Grobert (born 1992), German cross-country cyclist
Nicole Grobert, British-German materials chemist
See also
Gobert
Robert
Aaron Hamilton (born 1978/79) is an Australian cricket coach, who was most recently the head coach of Ireland women's cricket team.
Career
Hamilton is a Level Three Cricket Australia coach, and they spent seven years as a coach with the Western Australian Cricket Association, including being the assistant and bowling coach of Western Fury. In 2010, Hamilton was invited to speak at a Cricket Indonesia conference. In February 2015, Hamilton was appointed head coach of the Ireland women's cricket team, taking over from former Ireland men's international Trent Johnston. Their first tournament as coach was the 2015 ICC Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier in Thailand; Ireland won the tournament after beating Thailand on the last ball of a match, and thus qualified for the 2016 ICC Women's World Twenty20. Hamilton introduced a Super 3's Irish domestic cricket tournament. In 2017, Hamilton signed a three-year contract extension. In June 2019, Hamilton left the role by mutual consent, and moved back to Australia.
References
Australian cricket coaches
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Western Australia women's cricket team
Coaches of the Irish national cricket team
Year of birth missing (living people)
Robert Roxby (1767 – 30 July 1846) was an English clerk by profession, and amateur angler, songwriter and poet. They regularly contributed to collections of poems and songs, most prolifically in The Fisher's Garland from around 1823 to 1851.
Life
Robert Roxby was born in 1767 at Needless Hall, the name of the farm () about 1 mile east of Hartburn, and 6 miles west of Morpeth. In 1828 it was occupied by Thomas Brice and in 1855 by William Howey.
Their father died when they were very young, and they were put into the trusteeship of local farmer Gabriel Goulburn of Redesdale, to be trained in agriculture.
They remained there until about 1792, when, unfortunately, the Goulburn's business failed and the sum of money left in trust by their father was all lost. At this point in their life Robert Roxby had to turn to commerce and business to earn their livelihood. They worked as a clerk firstly at the bank of Sir William Loraine of Kirkhale, 6th Baronet, (Sir William Loraine & Co), which (again, unfortunately) failed, leaving Roxby without an income. Luckily they quickly found a similar position with another bank; that of Sir Matthew White Ridley, 3rd Baronet (Sir Matthew White Ridley & Co.), also of Newcastle at which company, they eventually rose to the position of chief clerk.
Later life
They died 30 July 1846, at the age of seventy-nine years, and was buried at St Paul's (now disused) burial ground, in Westgate Hill General Cemetery, Arthur's Hill, Newcastle upon Tyne.
Friendship
They became friendly with Thomas Doubleday and they eventually became almost inseparable, despite their differences in age (Roxby was by far the elder). The pair of them spent a considerable time fishing on the River Coquet, Rede and other Northumberland rivers.
Works
These include :-
"The Lay of the Reedwater Minstrel. illustrated, with Notes, Historical and Explanatory, Addressed to Matthew Forster of Broomyholme, Esq. By a Son of Reed" Newcastle: D. Akenhead & Sons, 1809. (NOTE – this actually refers to the River Rede)
The Fisher's Garland for 1821, or "A new song", to the tune of "The Miller o' Dron" (signed "Newcastle 5th April 1821")
The Fisher's Garland for 1823. or "Coquet Side", sung to the tune of "The Hows o' Glenorchie" – was printed as a broadsheet, and 196 copies were for Emerson Chamley, printer, publisher and bookseller of Bigg Market, Newcastle on 20 December 1828 – the first 3 verses were by Roxby, the last three by Thomas Doubleday.
The Fisher's Garland for 1824, or "The Auld Fisher's Welcome to Coquet Side"
The Fisher's Garland for 1825, or "The Auld Fisher's farewell to Coquet", sung to the tune of "Gramachree" - 296 copies were printed for Emerson Chamley on 26 March 1825 and 100 copies presented to the Robert Roxby, (even though it was a jointly written piece).
The Fisher's Garland for 1826, or "To Coquet for ever", sung to the tune of "Oh, whistle and Til come to you, my lad" – 400 copies were printed for Emerson Chamley on 15m April 1826.
The Fisher's Garland for 1828
The Fisher's Garland for 1832, or "The Auld Fisher's Invitation to their Friend in Newcastle"
The Fisher's Garland for 1841
The Fisher's Garland for 1851, "The Auld Fisher's Visit to North Tyne" (which first appearing in "Richardson's Table Book" as an "Epistle to Robert Boyd, Esq") was written by Roxby alone, but was transformed into a Garland by Thomas Doubleday in a collection which they published in 1852 under the title of "The Coquetdale Fishing Songs, Now First Collected and Edited by a North-Country Angler"
The Auld Fisher's Last Wish to the tune "My love is newly listed"
See also
Geordie dialect words
Thomas Doubleday
References
External links
FARNE archive – click "Robert Roxby" and "Go"
Men of Mark Twix Tyne and Tweed by Richard Welford
Bards of Newcastle
Allan's Illustrated Edition of Tyneside songs and readings
English male poets
English songwriters
People from Newcastle upon Tyne (district)
1846 deaths
1767 births
Geordie songwriters
Mount Kazukaitis () is a peak of the Walker Mountains, located at the base of Hughes Peninsula in the western part of Thurston Island, Antarctica. It was delineated from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in December 1946. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Chief Photographer's Mate Frank Kazukaitis of the U.S. Navy who recorded features of the Walgreen Coast and Eights Coast on the U.S. Navy Bellingshausen Sea Expedition in February 1960. They served as photographer on several additional Operation Deep Freeze deployments to Antarctica.
See also
Mountains in Antarctica
Maps
Thurston Island – Jones Mountains. 1:500000 Antarctica Sketch Map. US Geological Survey, 1967.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly upgraded and updated.
References
Mountains of Ellsworth Land
The women's long jump event at the 2022 African Championships in Athletics was held on 10 June in Port Louis, Mauritius.
Results
References
2022 African Championships in Athletics
Long jump at the African Championships in Athletics
Cape Kater () is a cape fringed by rocks, forming the northwestern extremity of Whittle Peninsula on the west coast of Graham Land. This coast was sketched by a British expedition 1828–31, under Henry Foster, who named a cape in this region after Captain Henry Kater, a member of the committee which planned the expedition. This region was more fully mapped by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, under Otto Nordenskjold, who gave the name "Cape Gunnar" to this cape. The name Kater perpetuates the earlier naming.
See also
Kater Rocks, cluster of rocks 1 nautical mile (2 km) northwest of Cape Kater
References
External links
Headlands of Graham Land
Davis Coast
Julius Willigrod (October 27, 1857 – November 27, 1906) was an American professional baseball player whose career ran from 1879 to 1882. They played Major League Baseball for the Cleveland Blues and Detroit Wolverines in 1882.
Early years
Willigrod was born in Marshalltown, Iowa. Their father, Edward Willigrod, was an immigrant from Hanover, Prussia who worked as a machinist. Their mother, Catharine, was an immigrant from Bavaria. Willigrod had a twin sister, Julia.
Professional baseball player
Willigrod played minor league baseball for the Omaha Green Stockings in the Northwestern League in 1879 and then traveled west to California where they played for two seasons with the San Francisco Knickerbockers of the California League. During one of their two seasons with San Francisco, they led the league in runs scored despite compiling a batting average of only .207.
Between July 15 and August 19, 1882, Willigrod played ten games in Major League Baseball, principally as an outfielder, for the Detroit Wolverines and Cleveland Blues of the National League. They compiled a .154 batting average in 39 at bats. In their final major league game, they hit a triple and scored four runs, a record that still stands for the most runs scored in a player's final major league game.
Later years
Willigrod died in 1906 at age 49 in San Francisco, California. The cause of death was a gastric hemorrhage due to a stomach ulcer. They were buried in the Riverside Cemetery in Marshalltown, Iowa.
References
1857 births
1906 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball outfielders
Detroit Wolverines players
Cleveland Blues (NL) players
Omaha Green Stockings players
San Francisco Knickerbockers players
Baseball players from Iowa
Sportspeople from Marshalltown, Iowa
Granma is the official newspaper of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba. It was formed in 1965 by the merger of two previous papers, (from Spanish: "Revolution") and ("Today"). Publication of the newspaper began in February of 1966. Its name comes from the yacht Granma that carried Fidel Castro and 81 other rebels to Cuba's shores in 1956, launching the Cuban Revolution. The newspaper has been a way for Fidel Castro and the Cuban Communist Party to communicate their ideology to the world, especially in regards to the United States. Marta Rojas worked for the paper since its founding.
Editions
The newspaper is published daily and is the most widely read newspaper in Cuba. In 1997, the circulation of the newspaper was estimated to be approximately 675,000. Several weekly international editions, available in English, Spanish, French, German, Italian, Turkish and Portuguese, are also distributed abroad. Apart from Cuba, Granma is also printed in Argentina, Brazil, and Canada. Also, news stories from Granma are often carried later in the Spanish-language sections of periodicals with a similar political base, such as People's Weekly World.
The normal edition is published six days a week (not Sundays) and runs to eight pages plus occasional supplements.
Digital Format
The first website for Granma was created in August of 1996, making Granma the first media organization in Cuba to have a website. The Granma daily news was first published on a separate website in July 1997, and the two sites were later merged. The website includes versions of the newspaper in five languages other than Spanish, and updates all of these versions daily.
Content
Granma regularly features:
Speeches by Raúl Castro and other leaders of the Cuban government, including former President Fidel Castro's column, 'Reflexiones de Fidel' meaning 'Fidel's Reflections'.
Official announcements of the Cuban government
Popular sketches highlighting the history of Cuba's revolutionary struggle, from the 19th to the 21st century
Developments in Latin America and world politics
Steps by Cuba's workers and farmers to defend and advance the socialist revolution
Developments in industry, agriculture, science, the arts, and sports in Cuba today
TV listings for that day
Cuban social, cultural, and political events, such as parades and festivals
The Newspaper has tended to focus on events occurring in and around Havana. In regards to political events, it has tended to focus on events supportive of the party and government, while excluding events that do not support these institutions. Recently this has started to change, which coincides with the Cuban Communist Party's policy of being more open to criticism.
Cartas a la Dirección
The Cartas a la Dirección section of Granma contains letters from readers, as well as responses from the editor. It was first included in the newspaper on March 14, 2008, soon after Raúl Castro's speech stating that the Cuban Communist Party is open to criticism. The section has since then become very popular. The letters in this section can involve multiple topics, including complaints and suggestions for the newspaper or the Cuban Communist Party. Publication of letters to the editor of Granma serve a few functions. First, the publication of the letters acts as a platform in which the Cuban public can directly interact with the editor of the newspaper, as well as with the communist party as a whole. It also serves as a method for the party and the government to stay accountable to the public. Finally, the letters help inform Cuban leadership of matters concerning the people. Initially, very few of the letters published in Cartas a la Dirección received responses, and these responses were often vague and unhelpful. However, Granma, through editorial comments added onto letters and responses, as well as a periodic overview of responses, attempted to pressure government agencies into improving the quality and frequency of their responses. The strategy worked, with 77 percent of letters receiving responses in 2016, improved from only 8.8 percent in 2011.
The section Cartas a la Dirección is not the first time Granma has included letters from readers in the newspaper, but most of these sections were more focused on a certain topic, such as economic statistics or transportation and infrastructure. An exception was A vuelta de correo, which began in 1975 and continued until 1984. Like Cartas a la Dirección, A vuelta de correo included questions from the Cuban public that brought attention to various issues, as well as occasional responses by the government. However, these letters were much less specific than those found in Cartas a la Dirección, and were frequently redacted.
Editors
1965-1967 Isidoro Malmierca
1967-1987 Jorge Enrique Mendoza
1987-1990 Enrique Román
1990-1995 Jacinto Granda
1995-2005 Frank Agüero
2005-2013 Lázaro Barredo
2013–present Pelayo Terry
References
External links
Official website in English
Official website in Spanish
Official website in German
Official website in French
Official website in Portuguese
Official website in Italian
Pathfinder Press: Granma subscriptions
("Searchable Spanish-language database of articles published from 1965 to 1992" in Granma)
Newspapers published in Cuba
Publications established in 1965
Communism in Cuba
Communist newspapers
Spanish-language communist newspapers
Propaganda organizations
Communist Party of Cuba
1965 establishments in Cuba
Luca Bottale (born 1 July 1967) is an Italian voice actor who contributes to voicing characters in movies, cartoons, anime, video games, and more.  They are well known for voicing characters from popular TV programs such as Usopp from One Piece, Zane Truesdale from Yu-Gi-Oh! GX, and more. Bottale is also known for voicing Sly Cooper in the 1st three games of the Sly Cooper video game series.
Currently, they work for Merak Film, Deneb Film, Studio P.V. and other dubbing studios based in Italy.
Voice work
Animation and anime
Kain in Fire Emblem Anime
Judeau in Berserk
Dinosaur Ryuzaki in Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters
Ryo Marufuji and Ojama Yellow in Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX
Yeager and Saiga in Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's
Tetsuo Takeda in Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal
Johnny in Stoked
Kankuro in Naruto
Kankuro in Naruto: Shippuden
Detective Cash Tankinson and other characters in The Batman
Dr. Roberto Martinez in Max Steel
Thomas Richard Schubaltz in Zoids: Chaotic Century
Sparky (Second voice) in Atomic Betty
Aquaman in Justice League
Barry the Chopper in Fullmetal Alchemist
Number 66 in Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood
Lowly Worm in The Busy World of Richard Scarry (Second dub)
Lowly Worm in Busytown Mysteries
Bot in Team Umizoomi
Bumble in Fifi and the Flowertots
Darwin Thornberry in The Wild Thornberrys
Ryder in Sarah Lee Jones
Athenina in Trulli Tales
Dib in Invader Zim
Cedric in Butt-Ugly Martians
Brock in Pokémon (Season 3-present)
Brock in Pokémon: Destiny Deoxys
Brock in Pokémon: Lucario and the Mystery of Mew
Brock in Pokémon Ranger and the Temple of the Sea
Brock in Pokémon: The Rise of Darkrai
Brock in Pokémon: Giratina and the Sky Warrior
Brock in Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life
Brock in Pokémon: Zoroark: Master of Illusions
Usopp in One Piece
Usopp in One Piece: The Movie'''
Usopp in Clockwork Island Adventure Usopp in Chopper's Kingdom on the Island of Strange Animals Usopp in One Piece The Movie: Dead End no Bōken Usopp in One Piece: Norowareta Seiken Usopp in Baron Omatsuri and the Secret Island Usopp in Giant Mecha Soldier of Karakuri Castle Pleakley in Stitch! Bobby Lee in Odd Job Jack Nicky in VeggieTales James Jones in Fireman Sam (2004 series)
George Kojima in Detective Conan (Season 2-present)
Constable Klang in Pippi Longstocking Rabbit in Franklin and Friends Worm Raimi in Saint Seiya Yutaka Watari in Descendants of Darkness John in Tomodachi Life: The TV Series Ichitaro Ishikawa in Corrector Yui Seiya Uribatake in Martian Successor Nadesico: The Motion Picture – Prince of Darkness Horohoro in Shaman King Toguro Otouto, Sakashita, Jin (first voice), and Shishiwakamaru in YuYu Hakusho Valet 6 in Alpen Rose (second dub)
Finko in Pink Panther and Sons Gian in Doraemon (Second dub)
Hippo in Mermaid Melody Pichi Pichi Pitch Gas in Angels Friends Kazuki Sendō in Comic Party Tetsuya Watarigani in Beyblade: Metal Fusion Mr. Cake and Snails in My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic Zig in Zig & Sharko Blocky in ChalkZoneLive action films and shows
Oscar in True Jackson, VP Jack Sawyer in Tremors 3: Back to Perfection Charlie in The Brotherhood IV Jason Lee Scott in Mighty Morphin Power Rangers Jason Lee Scott in Power Rangers Zeo Jason Lee Scott in Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie Zhane in Power Rangers in Space Prince Malik Namir in Jake 2.0 Rob Gretton in 24 Hour Party People Richard "Woody" Woodford in This Is EnglandVideo games
Eddie Brock/Venom in Ultimate Spider-Man (video game) Sly Cooper in Sly Cooper and the Thievius Raccoonus Sly Cooper in Sly 2: Band of Thieves Sly Cooper in Sly 3: Honor Among Thieves Nick Scryer in Psi-Ops: The Mindgate Conspiracy Varimathras, Bloodfeather, and other characters in Warcraft III: The Frozen Throne Neeloc Greedyfingers, and other characters in Warcraft III: Reign of Chaos Malvaren, Icarus, and other characters in Avencast: Rise of the Mage Tom, Harry, and other characters in The Black Mirror Broken Sword: The Sleeping Dragon Price, Powell, and Stolls in The Thing Phoenix Wright in Professor Layton vs. Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney''
References
External links
Living people
Male actors from Milan
Italian male voice actors
1967 births
The bay wren (Cantorchilus nigricapillus) is a species of bird in the family Troglodytidae. It is native to southern Central America and northwestern South America.
Taxonomy and systematics
The bay wren has sometimes been treated as conspecific with the riverside wren (Cantorchilus semibadius) but their plumages are quite different as are DNA analyses. Some authors consider the two of them a superspecies but others deny that close relationship.
The bay wren has seven subspecies:
C. n. costaricensis Sharpe (1882)
C. n. castaneus Lawrence (1861)
C. n. odicus Wetmore (1959)
C. n. reditus Griscom (1932)
C. n. schottii Baird (1864)
C. n. connectens Chapman (1912)
C. n. nigricapillus Sclater (1860)
The Clements taxonomy combines the first five as the "Central American" group and the last two as the "South American" group. Other authors include schottii in the South American group.
Description
The bay wren is long. Eight specimens from Panama weighed . Adults of the nominate subspecies have a black face with a narrow white supercilium, a partial eyering, and a white patch at the back of the cheek. Their crown and nape are black and the rest of the upperparts are rich chestnut. The tail is a rich brown with bold black bars. The throat and breast are white, transitioning to rufous brown on the lower belly and flanks. Black bars cross the underparts from the breast to the vent area. Juveniles have essentially the same pattern but are paler and with less well defined markings. The other subspecies vary from the nominate in the extent and intensity of some colors and the thickness and amount of barring.
Distribution and habitat
The bay wren's range spans from Nicauagua to Ecuador. The subspecies are found thus:
C. n. costaricensis, from norththeastern Nicaragua through Caribbean Costa Rica into western Panama
C. n. castaneus, from west-central Panama's Veraguas Province to the Canal Zone
C. n. odicus, Isla Escudo de Veraguas off the Caribbean coast of western Panama
C. n. reditus, the Caribbean slope of eastern Panama
C. n. schottii, from eastern Panama's Darién Province into Antioquia and Chocó Departments of northwestern Colombia
C. n. connectens from Cauca and Nariño Departments in southwestern Colombia into Esmeraldas Province in far northern Ecuador
C. n. nigricapillus western Ecuador from Esmeraldas south to El Oro Province
The bay wren is closely tied to water over most of its range, though in Nicaragua the habitat is drier. It inhabits dense, fairly low, vegetation such as thickets along watercourses, overgrown clearings, roadsides, and the understory of secondary forest. It will occur in forest interiors if the undergrowth is sufficient.
Behavior
Feeding
The bay wren's diet appears to be entirely invertebrates. They forage by gleaning from foliage and branches and by probing hanging vegetation and tangles of vines.
Breeding
The bay wren's breeding season is between March and October in Costa Rica, between March and November in Panama, and spans January to August in Colombia. Most of the nests that have been described were "elbow-shaped" with an entrance tube, though some were more round. They were made by both sexes from plant stems, grass, and other vegetable materials and lined with finer fibers. The clutch size is usually two or three.
Vocalization
The bay wren's song is loud, "a rapid repetition of clear, rich-toned, slurred, ringing whistles, trills, and warbles" sometimes given antiphonally. The species has a number of calls.
Status
The IUCN has assessed the bay wren as being of The Least Concern. It
seems to tolerate and possibly benefit from some forms of habitat modification caused by human activities, barring the complete destruction or conversion of suitable habitat. However, further study is required, and research into aspects of the species' demography in different habitats would also be of value.
References
bay wren
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of the Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena
bay wren
bay wren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
XM4 may refer to:
XM-4 Blues, a satellite operated by XM satellite radio
XM 4, a radio channel from Sirus XM satellite radio; see List of Sirius XM Radio channels
South African type XM4 tender, a steam locomotive tender
Moller XM-4, a VTOL aircraft; see List of aircraft (Mo)
Lipán XM4, a variant of the Argentine drone Lipán M3; see List of unmanned aerial vehicles
XM4, a prototype version of the M4 carbine
XM4 rocket launcher U.S. helicopter armament subsystems
See also
XMA (disambiguation)
XM (disambiguation)
Pushchino () is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, an important scientific center of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Situated south of Moscow, and 13 km south-east of Serpukhov, on the right side of the Oka River opposite the Prioksko-Terrasny Nature Reserve. It is informally called Pushchino-on-Oka. Population:
Pushchino Research Center of Russian Academy of Sciences has unique status and significance. It hosts a major component of Russian Federation endeavor in the fields of physical, chemical, and bio-molecular biology. It employs more than 3000 people, of whom 800 hold doctorates in science or medicine. Pushchino scientists have made seminal contributions to molecular and cell biology, bio-organic chemistry, plant and soil biology, as well as to astronomy and astrophysics - including the discovery of the solar supercorona and radial magnetic fields within it, and the discovery of radio recombination lines of highly excited atoms.
History
The town takes its name from the village of Puschino, which was first mentioned in the 1579 records ('cadasters') of Ivan the Terrible as being a fiefdom of the Pushchin family. The modern town of Pushchino was founded in 1956 on the hill above the Oka River, some of the highest ground in the Moscow Region, to host the new Radio Astronomy Observatory, an important resource that continues to contribute to mapping of space flights. This was followed by the establishment of Pushchino as a Science City, focusing on biological sciences. It was granted town status in 1966.
Several mesolithic, neolithic, and Bronze Age settlements exist in the area around Pushchino. Dyakovo culture artifacts have been found on the outskirts of the modern town. An Iron Age hillfort dates back 2500 years. 1 km to the west of Pushchino on important Oka river ford in the 12th to 16th Centuries there stood the ancient Russian town of Teshilov (see), earthworks of which can be seen today.
At the end of the 18th Century a prominent country house was established overlooking the water at Pushchino, which for a time became the home of Alexander Alyabyev (1787–1851), an acclaimed composer. During World War II Axis tank divisions reached 20 km from Pushchino, and until 1970 the mansion served as a hospital. The mansion was the setting for the director N. Mikhalkov's 1974 film ‘An Unfinished Play for Mechanical Piano'. The Pushchino mansion is now in disrepair and the ruins are still an important tourist site.
Development of Pushchino
The President of the USSR Academy of Science (Alexander Nesmeyanov, 1899-1980) advocated the formation of a biological research center equipped with the latest equipment and facilities. In 1955 the Council of Ministers established a special commission tasked to find a site in the Moscow region. By March 1956 two options were selected, both on the Oka River: at Tarusa, and the other at Pushchino. Given the proximity of Tarusa to Polenovo, an established cultural center, major new construction was deemed inappropriate, and in April 1956 it was decreed that a scientific campus would be constructed in the Moscow region, near the Pushchino village. The Russian Academy of Sciences was allotted a plot of land of 761.8 hectares for the construction of a scientific campus and radioastronomy station.
The structure of modern Pushchino was planned by scientists in the 1950s - two parallel roads, the residences, shops, and restaurants on the northerly road closer to the river, the institutes along the southerly road, and a large green zone and park between them.
First constructed was the Pushchino Radio Astronomy Observatory, which, at the time, had the world's largest radio telescope: a parabolic antenna in the form of a giant cup and a complex network of antennas with a kilometer strip.
During construction of the town transport access was provided along a low-level road adjoining the Oka river. Seasonal flooding regularly made this road impassable for weeks, and in 1965 a new highway was constructed along the edge of the plateau to link Pushchino with Serpukhov to the west. The first institute, the Institute of Biochemistry and Physiology of Microorganisms, led by Nikolai Dmitrievich Jerusalimski, was completed in 1969, followed by the Institute of Agricultural Chemistry and Soil Science.
Today Pushchino is among the top-ranking academic centers in Russia.
Geography
Altitudes range from 104 m (beach of Oka) to 219 m on the plateau. The Oka river, one of the largest tributaries of the Volga, is a typical lowland river in the forest zone of the European part of Russia with a well-established valley. Special aspects of Oka are frequent spring and autumn floods and large fluctuations in levels. Its width at Pushchino on average is 150-200m and does not exceed 250 m, and the depth reaches 3.75 m. Average flow velocity is 0.25 m/s, mean volume 159 m³/s. Three rivers small at Pushchino make their way into the Oka: the Khokhla, the Neglyadeyka and the Lyubozhiha.
The banks of the Oka have carbon limestone outcrops on the surface, part of which is landslide blocks. In some places (the valley of the river Khokhla), limestone is covered with only a thin soil cover (15–20 cm). Karst is active at such places. Pushchino takes its water from artesian wells and the carbonate bedrock provides very calcium-rich groundwater. Glacial moraines cover the limestone at some distance from the river, while the floodplain of the Oka is fringed by remnants of late-Pleistocene sandy dunes on the surface of upper terraces. Thus, the relief of Pushchino is a preglacial elevated plateau, overlapped with Dnieper moraine and dismembered by deep erosion embedded to a depth of 130–140 m.
Climate
The climate is determined mainly by the impact of the transfer of air masses from the Atlantic Ocean, interrupted often by invasion of cold air masses from the Arctic in the rear of cyclones. In general, the climate of Pushchino is moderately continental, with moderately cold winters, warm summers and fairly stable humidity. In winter, invasions of the Atlantic cyclones are usual, which lead to frequent thaws and the rising of the temperature to 5-8 °C.
Average annual temperature is +3.9 °C, but in winter the temperature is commonly -20, the coldest recorded temperature being -44 °C. From Springtime onwards the temperature warms, with mid-20s to mid-30s being usual; the highest recorded temperature at Pushchino was 39 °C.
Average annual precipitation is 582 mm, most falling during the warm season (April to October: 394 mm, 70%), with 30% falling during the cold season (188 mm, 30%). Summer precipitation often takes the form of stormwater, leading to erosion of arable lands.
Snow in the winter comprises 20% of precipitation. Typically wide snow cover forms by late November, reaching a maximum height at the beginning of March (average 44 cm, 99 cm at maximum and 13 cm at minimum).
Forest, natural reserves and protected areas
The Oka river draws an approximate line between coniferous and deciduous forests. North of the Oka at Pushchino begins a mixed forest including spruce and birch that extends to Northern Russia. Pushchino itself and further south are characterized by broad-leaved forests, with a predominance of oak, linden, elm, ash, aspen, and without any admixture of spruce, before giving way to cultivated land. Near the river willow trees grow in dense thickets.
Pushchino City has an active conservation program - Ecopolis - that has identified several areas now subject to conservation measures. These include:
Lyubozhikha River Valley: a protected area is located at the foot of Pushchino hill. Wildlife species include nightingales, orioles, owls, and beavers.
Teshilov hillfort: a historical monument that is now subject to state preservation. It is located 700 meters from the river Lyubozhikha. Earthwork ramparts and moat are well preserved. In 1925 archeological excavations discovered a fortress on the site dating to the 12th Century. The settlement was mentioned in Russian chronicles in 1147.
Khokhla River Valley: this protected area lies 2.5 km west of Lyubozhikha between the lower and upper roads to Serpukhov. This deep valley is renowned for its natural beauty, with dense forestation, meadow hills, limestone outcrops, and waterfalls. Rare flowers include forget-me-nots, anemones, gentians, and coronilla elfworts. The Zaoksky Forestry Commission reports an exceptional diversity of tree species; recent construction work imperils the reserve.
Entomological Meadow: this protected area is located in the south-western outskirts of the city and occupies a meadow on slope of the right tributary of the Lyubozhikha river (Solonovka creek). The name of the river shows its direction (the old Russian word "Sologne", "posolon" meaning "going behind the sun", that is, from east to west). Until the 1930 this was the site of a village (Solonovka). The meadow slopes are a home to rare species of butterflies: the red and ordinary melitaea, small limenitis, chalkhill blue, Nordmannia spini, skippers and others.
Solonovsky Wood protected area: a deep ravine of Solonovka east from the Pushchino-Serpukhov road. "Gremyak" creek falls on limestone from high slope.
Birch Grove protected area: a pure birch forest on the Solonovka tributary south of Pushchino (the Endova site).
Oak Wood protected area: also known as Perlovskii Reserve, an area dominated by mature oak trees.
Neglyadeyka River Valley protected area: a narrow strip of forested slopes of the eastern tributary of the Oka at the eastern boundary of Puschino with villages of Balkovo and Mitinki.
Administrative and municipal status
Within the framework of administrative divisions, it is incorporated as Pushchino Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction—an administrative unit with the status equal to that of the districts. As a municipal division, Pushchino Town Under Oblast Jurisdiction is incorporated as Pushchino Urban Okrug., and was officially recognized as a Science City of the Russian Federation in 2006.
Science
Pushchino is an academic research center focusing on microbiology, molecular biology, biophysics, and astronomy. The town hosts a core group of key Research institutes and a University Institute:
Institute of Basic Biological Problems
Institute of Biochemistry and Physiology of Microorganisms
Institute of Bio-Organic Chemistry, Pushchino Branch
Institute of Cell Biophysics
Institute of Mathematical Problems of Biology
Institute of Protein Research
Institute of Theoretical and Experimental Biophysics
Pushchino Radioastronomy Observatory
Pushchino State University, now the Pushchino State Institute of Natural Sciences, and a branch of Moscow State University
Pushchino hosts the annual Russia-wide 'Conference of Young Scientists'
Culture
The prevailing religious culture is of Russian Orthodoxy, and a new church of Archangel Michael was completed in 1990. The School of Music, named after A. Alyabyev, has about 300 students, and Pushchino hosts the annual and widely renowned 'Song and Bard Festival'. The town facilities include Sport Palace Oka, ski training, and a rowing base 'Delphin' on the Oka. A focus for cultural life is the 'House of Scientists'.
See also
Pushchino Radio Astronomy Observatory
References
Notes
Sources
External links
Official website of Pushchino
Pushchino Science Center
Photo Essay about Pushchino
Cities and towns in Moscow Oblast
Naukograds
Leptospermum divaricatum is a species of plant that is endemic to inland New South Wales. It is an erect or weeping shrub with compact fibrous bark, elliptical to egg-shaped leaves, white flowers arranged singly on short axillary side shoots and woody fruit that fall off when mature.
Description
Leptospermum divaricatum is an erect or weeping shrub with several stems and that typically grows to a height of . It has rough, compact, fibrous bark on the older stems, the younger stems thin and covered with fine hairs. The leaves are elliptical to egg-shaped, mostly long and wide. The flowers are white, usually borne singly on short side branches, and are about in diameter. The floral cup is hairy on the lower part, about long on a pedicel long. The sepals are triangular, about long with a few hairs. The petals are long and the stamens are in bundles of between three and five and are about long. Flowering mainly occurs from August to October and the fruit is a woody capsule about in diameter that falls off when mature.
Taxonomy
This species was formally described in 1843 by Johannes Conrad Schauer in Walper's book Repertorium Botanices Systematicae. The specific epithet (divaricatum) is a Latin word meaning "widely spreading" or "forked".
Distribution and habitat
Leptospermum divaricatum grows in woodland and heath in mallee or on hillsides on the North West Slopes, Central Western Slopes and Western Plains of New South Wales, south from Nymagee.
References
divaricatum
Myrtales of Australia
Flora of New South Wales
Plants described in 1843
Bernard Jack Shapiro, (born June 8, 1935) is a Canadian academic, civil servant, former Principal and Vice-Chancellor of McGill University from 1994 to 2004, and the first Ethics Commissioner of Canada between May 17, 2004 and March 29, 2007.
Biography
Born in Montreal, Quebec, they received a Bachelor of Arts from McGill University in 1956. In 1967 they received a Doctorate in Education from Harvard University. They then joined the faculty of Boston University and later became Associate Dean of the School of Education. In 1976 they were appointed Dean of the Faculty of Education at the University of Western Ontario and became Vice-President (Academic) and Provost in 1978. From 1980 until 1986 they were the Director of the Ontario Institute for Studies in Education, and in 1984 published The Report of The Commission on Private Schools in Ontario for the Ministry of Education of Ontario.
In 1986 they joined the Ontario public service serving as Deputy Minister of Education, Deputy Minister of Skills Development, Deputy Secretary of Cabinet, Deputy Minister and Secretary of Management Board and Deputy Minister of Colleges and Universities. From 1992 until 1994 they were Professor of Education and Public Policy at the University of Toronto. From 1994 until 2004 they were Principal and Vice-Chancellor of McGill University. In May 2004 they were appointed the first Ethics Commissioner of Canada. Their term was marked by controversy and then MP for Ottawa Centre, Ed Broadbent repeatedly called for their resignation.
 They are the twin brother of Harold T. Shapiro, President Emeritus of Princeton University.
Honours
In 1999 they were made an Officer of the Order of Canada.
In 2004 they were made a Grand Officer of the National Order of Quebec.
They have received honorary degrees from McGill University, University of Toronto, University of Ottawa, Yeshiva University, McMaster University, Université de Montréal, University of Edinburgh, Bishop's University, Nipissing University, University of Melbourne and University of Glasgow.
References
1935 births
Living people
People from Montreal
Twin people from Canada
Canadian educational theorists
Canadian civil servants
Harvard Graduate School of Education alumni
McGill University alumni
Canadian Jews
Grand Officers of the National Order of Quebec
Officers of the Order of Canada
Principals of McGill University
Anglophone Quebec people
Boston University faculty
University of Toronto faculty
University of Western Ontario faculty
Marlon Starling (born August 29, 1959) is an American former professional boxer who competed from 1979 to 1990. They held the WBA welterweight title from 1987 to 1988 and the WBC welterweight title from 1989 to 1990.
Professional boxing career
Starling was born in Hartford, Connecticut in 1959. They got their start with help from coach, Johnny Duke, who helped them train for the national Junior Olympics championship. They turned professional in 1979. After 25 straight wins to start their professional career, they lost their first fight, a 12-round split-decision to Donald Curry in 1982. Starling had a rematch with Curry in 1984, challenging for the WBA and IBF welterweight titles. Starling lost by a 15-round decision. Starling's fighting style features what is referred to as a high guard.
Starling's second world title fight came in 1987. They knocked out Mark Breland in the 11th round to win the WBA welterweight title. In their third title defense, Starling lost the title in controversial fashion to Tomas Molinares. Molinares hit Starling with a punch that was thrown around the same time as the bell sounded to end round six. Starling went down for the only time in their career, and the referee counted them out. Molinares was declared the new champion by knock out. However, the decision was later changed to a no contest but the Colombian kept the title.
In 1989, Starling knocked out Lloyd Honeyghan to win the WBC welterweight titles. The following year, Starling challenged Michael Nunn for the IBF middleweight title, but lost by decision. In their next fight, Starling lost their welterweight titles in a close decision to Maurice Blocker. That was Starling's last fight. They retired with a record of 45-6-1-1 (27 KOs).
Professional boxing record
See also
List of world welterweight boxing champions
References
External links
1959 births
Living people
American male boxers
African-American boxers
Boxers from Connecticut
Sportspeople from Hartford, Connecticut
Welterweight boxers
World welterweight boxing champions
World Boxing Association champions
World Boxing Council champions
The Ring (magazine) champions
Scirpoides is a genus of sedges (Cyperaceae), native to Europe and adjoining areas, and introduced elsewhere. It was split off from Scirpus.
Species
Species include:
Scirpoides burkei (C.B.Clarke) Goetgh., Muasya & D.A.Simpson
Scirpoides holoschoenus (L.) Soják
Scirpoides mexicana (C.B.Clarke ex Britton) Goetgh. ex C.S.Reid & J.R.Carter
Scirpoides varia Browning
References
Cyperaceae genera
Cyperaceae
Luis Eduardo Koster Peña (24 March 1942 – 14 November 2021) was a Uruguayan basketball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1964 Summer Olympics. They died on 14 November 2021, at the age of 79.
References
External links
1942 births
2021 deaths
Uruguayan men's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Uruguay
Basketball players at the 1964 Summer Olympics
People from Soriano Department
Thamnophilus is a genus of antbird in the antbird family, Thamnophilidae. The species in this genus are commonly known as antshrikes. They are insectivores that feed by gleaning prey from foliage and are found in the Neotropics.
The genus Thamnophilus was introduced by the French ornithologist Louis Vieillot in 1816. The name combines the Ancient Greek words thamnos "bush" and philos "loving". The type species was subsequently designated as the barred antshrike.
The genus contains the following species:
Collared antshrike, Thamnophilus bernardi
Black-backed antshrike, Thamnophilus melanonotus
Band-tailed antshrike, Thamnophilus melanothorax
Barred antshrike, Thamnophilus doliatus
Chapman's antshrike, Thamnophilus zarumae
Bar-crested antshrike, Thamnophilus multistriatus
Chestnut-backed antshrike, Thamnophilus palliatus
Lined antshrike, Thamnophilus tenuepunctatus
Black-hooded antshrike, Thamnophilus bridgesi
Black antshrike, Thamnophilus nigriceps
Cocha antshrike, Thamnophilus praecox
Blackish-grey antshrike, Thamnophilus nigrocinereus
Castelnau's antshrike, Thamnophilus cryptoleucus
White-shouldered antshrike, Thamnophilus aethiops
Uniform antshrike, Thamnophilus unicolor
Upland antshrike, Thamnophilus aroyae
Plain-winged antshrike, Thamnophilus schistaceus
Mouse-colored antshrike, Thamnophilus murinus
Black-crowned antshrike, Thamnophilus atrinucha
Northern slaty antshrike, Thamnophilus punctatus
Natterer's slaty antshrike, Thamnophilus stictocephalus
Bolivian slaty antshrike, Thamnophilus sticturus
Planalto slaty antshrike, Thamnophilus pelzelni
Sooretama slaty antshrike, Thamnophilus ambiguus
Acre antshrike, Thamnophilus divisorius
Streak-backed antshrike, Thamnophilus insignis
Amazonian antshrike, Thamnophilus amazonicus
Variable antshrike, Thamnophilus caerulescens
Rufous-winged antshrike, Thamnophilus torquatus
Rufous-capped antshrike, Thamnophilus ruficapillus
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brackley Gate is a hamlet in the Erewash district, in Derbyshire, England. It forms part of the civil parish of Morley. It is located northeast of Derby, southeast of Belper, west of Ilkeston, south of Ripley, and southwest of Heanor.
It lies at the end of a dead-end road and consists of houses and farms. It is surrounded by open countryside and the nearby Bluebell Woods.
References
Hamlets in Derbyshire
Borough of Erewash
Joseph Wilkins (1634-1716) was Dean of Clogher from 1682 until their death.
Wilkins was educated at Trinity College, Dublin. They were elected Fellow in 1661 and Vice Provost in 1670. They were Rector of Lisburn from 1672 until their death.
Notes
Deans of Clogher
18th-century Irish Anglican priests
17th-century Irish Anglican priests
Alumni of Trinity College, Cambridge
Red Aces is a 1930 British silent crime film directed by Edgar Wallace and starring Janice Adair, Muriel Angelus and Nigel Bruce. It was adapted by Wallace from one of their own novels, Red Aces (1929), featuring the character of J.G. Reeder. It was shot at Beaconsfield Studios where Wallace had established a company British Lion Films to film versions of their works.
Cast
Janice Adair as Margot Lynn
Muriel Angelus as Ena Burslem
Geoffrey Gwyther as Kenneth McKay
James Raglan as Rufus Machfield
Nigel Bruce as Kinsfeather, T.B.
George Bellamy as Reeder - J.G.
W. Cronin Wilson as Walter Wentworth
Douglas Payne as Insp. Gaylor
Carol Reed as Minor role
References
Bibliography
Mayer, Geoff. Historical Dictionary of Crime Films. Scarecrow Press, 2012.
External links
1930 films
British crime films
British silent feature films
1930 crime films
Films based on works by Edgar Wallace
Films shot at Beaconsfield Studios
British Lion Films films
British black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
1930s British films
List of presidents of the House of Councillors (Japan)
List of Presidents of the House of Councillors (Morocco)
The Little Wind River arises in the central Wind River Range in Wyoming and flows southeast through the towns of Fort Washakie and Ethete to its confluence with the Big Wind River near Riverton, Wyoming.
References
Bodies of water of Fremont County, Wyoming
Rivers of Wyoming
Maria Samoroukova (born 19 December 1971 in Samara, Russia) is a Greek former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1971 births
Living people
Greek women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Greece
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Greek people of Russian descent
The 2010 European Ladies' Team Championship took place 6–10 July at La Manga Club in Cartagena, Spain. It was the 28th women's golf amateur European Ladies' Team Championship.
Venue
The hosting La Manga Club, located with three golf courses in the south-eastern region of Spain, Murcia, south of La Manga, and bordered by the Mar Menor and Calblanque Regional Park, was opened in 1972. The South Course was designed by golf architect Robert Dean Putman in 1971 and remodeled in 2005 by Arnold Palmer.
The championship course was set up with par 73.
Format
All participating teams played two qualification rounds of stroke-play with six players, counted the five best scores for each team.
The eight best teams formed flight A, in knock-out match-play over the next three days. The teams were seeded based on their positions after the stroke-play. The first placed team was drawn to play the quarter final against the eight placed team, the second against the seventh, the third against the sixth and the fourth against the fifth. In each match between two nation teams, two 18-hole foursome games and five 18-hole single games were played. Teams were allowed to switch players during the team matches, selecting other players in to the afternoon single games after the morning foursome games. Teams knocked out after the quarter finals played one foursome game and four single games in each of their remaining matches. Games all square after 18 holes were declared halved, if the team match was already decided.
The six teams placed 9–14 in the qualification stroke-play formed flight B, to play similar knock-out match-play, with one foursome game and four single games, to decide their final positions.
The three teams placed 15–17 in the qualification stroke-play formed flight C, to meet each other, with one foursome game and four single games, to decide their final positions.
Teams
17 nation teams contested the event. Each team consisted of six players.
Players in the teams
Winners
Team Sweden lead the opening 36-hole qualifying competition, with a score of even par 730, one stroke ahead of host nation Spain.
Individual leaders in the 36-hole stroke-play competition was Camilla Lennarth, Sweden and Mirela Prat, Spain, each with a score of 6 under par 140, one stroke ahead of Carlota Ciganda, Spain and Caroline Hedwall, Sweden.
Team Sweden won the championship, beating Spain 4–3 in the final and earned their sixth title.
Team Scotland earned third place, beating defending champions Germany 4–2 in the bronze match.
Results
Qualification round
Team standings
* Note: In the event of a tie the order was determined by the better total non-counting scores.
Individual leaders
Note: There was no official award for the lowest individual score.
Flight A
Bracket
Final games
Flight B
Bracket
Flight C
Team matches
|||
| ||3||2
| ||3||2
| RD1 = Round 1
| RD2 = Round 2
| Consol = Round 3
|skipmatch01=no|skipmatch02=yes|skipmatch03=no|skipmatch04=no
| team-width = 150
| score-width = 25
}}
Team standings
Final standings
Sources:
See also
Espirito Santo Trophy – biennial world amateur team golf championship for women organized by the International Golf Federation.
European Amateur Team Championship – European amateur team golf championship for men organised by the European Golf Association.
European Ladies Amateur Championship – European amateur individual golf championship for women organised by the European Golf Association.
References
External links
European Golf Association: Results
European Ladies' Team Championship
Golf tournaments in Spain
European Ladies' Team Championship
European Ladies' Team Championship
European Ladies' Team Championship
Roseanne's Nuts was a Lifetime reality show/docudrama that aired from July 13, 2011, to September 16, 2011. It featured Roseanne Barr, their partner Johnny Argent and son Jake Pentland as they live on their macadamia nut and livestock farm in Hawaii. Celebrity guests included: Bonnie Bramlett, Michael Fishman, Phyllis Diller, and Sandra Bernhard.
The series premiered on July 13, 2011, with two half-hour episodes. The show received mixed reviews based on its first episode. Its premiere was watched by 1.6 million viewers becoming Lifetime's fourth most-watched unscripted series launch in total viewers, adults 18–49 and adults 25–54. However, by its sixth week it was down to 711,000 viewers and was moved from Wednesdays to Friday nights for its final three weeks; repeats of Dance Moms took its Wednesday slot. On September 21, 2011, it was reported that Lifetime canceled the series.
Cast and characters
Roseanne Barr
Johnny Argent, a writer, musician and Barr's partner of eight years
Jake Pentland, Barr's son, host of The Jake Pentland Show, and owner of Full Moon & High Tide Productions
Greg Cipes, a friend who lives on Roseanne's property in a tent.
Background
In 2007, Barr purchased the 2,212-square-foot ranch-style house and 46-acre property sight unseen known as Hidden Hamakua Farm in Honokaa/Hamakua on the Big Island, Hawaii for $1.78 million. They moved there from Los Angeles full-time in 2010. The Oprah Winfrey Show visited Barr's house and farm as part of the February 14, 2011 episode featuring Barr. They toured the cameras around while they picked macadamia nuts from their 2,000 trees, vegetables in their organic garden and gathered honey from a beehive. During the show they told Oprah that they were working on a reality show based on their new life as a farmer. The same day the episode aired, The Hollywood Reporter announced that Lifetime Television ordered 16 half-hour episodes produced by 3 Ball Productions/Eyeworks USA and Jake Pentland's Full Moon & High Tide Productions.
Reception
Ratings
Roseanne's Nuts premiered on Lifetime Television on July 13, 2011, with two half-hour episodes. The show became Lifetime's fourth most-watched unscripted series launch in total viewers, adults 18–49 and adults 25–54. The first episode drew 1,638,000 viewers with an 18–49 Rating/Share of 0.7. The second episode retained 90% of the first episode lead-in for the key demos and was watched by 1,488,000 viewers with a Rating/Share of 0.6.
During its second week the first episode brought in 1,037,000 viewers with a Rating/Share of 0.4, a three-point decrease from the premiere. The second episode remained at a 0.4 Rating/Share with 977,000 viewers. It did the same as repeats of Pawn Stars that aired before Rosanne's Nuts, but Pawn Stars had more total viewers. During its sixth week it dropped to 711,000 viewers, losing more than half its premiere audience and scoring a 0.3 Rating/Share. The season finale brought in 629,000 viewers with a 0.2 Rating/Share.
Critical reviews
Lifetime sent only the first episode to critics in advance. Mary McNamara of the Los Angeles Times wrote a positive review. They said, "There are no overproduced glamorous outings, no sound-track manipulated showdowns, no manufactured feuds — everyone in the pilot has the easy genial mien of friends helping out an odd but beloved neighbor. There's even a trio of local musicians providing a transitional tune", calling the result, "occasionally weird, occasionally hilarious show that is simultaneously a window into the life of an eccentric performer and a wickedly fun send-up of the genre, dating all the way to Paris Hilton and The Simple Life. They also compared a scene in the first episode where Barr hunts wild pigs to Sarah Palin's Alaska as a spoof.
David Wiegand of the San Francisco Chronicle gave a positive review and welcomed Barr back to television. They wrote: "She's foulmouthed, abrasive and suffers absolutely nothing gladly. Yet, as always, their own foibles crack them up as much as they do their boyfriend or visiting eldest son. The fact that she's completely unafraid to hold themselves up to ridicule endears them to their audience". They also noted that a reality show format "probably fits Barr better than, say, another sitcom [...]". They ended their review: "The wild pigs might not want to stick around, but the rest of us should be willing to give Roseanne's Nuts a shot for a few episodes, at least. Scott D. Pierce of The Salt Lake Tribune wrote in their review, "As reality shows go, Roseanne's Nuts is pretty mild. Oh, she's bleeped a lot. And there's some blurring of nudity. (Ick.) But mostly it's just Roseanne being Roseanne on a macadamia nut farm".
Brian Lowry of Variety gave the show a negative review saying, "Like so many former primetime titans, it's perplexing to see Barr reduced to this [...]" and "Why Barr wanted to participate in this sort of "celebreality" unscripted sitcom—especially if they hate Hollywood as much as they say—is a little less obvious, especially since they profess not to need the money and, given their syndication bounty, shouldn't". David Hinckley of the Daily News gave it two out of five stars. They said, "Roseanne fans will be reassured, though not surprised, to hear that they sound and acts exactly the same on the plantation as they did on their sitcom set".
Episodes
References
External links
Behind the scenes talk with Roseanne's son Jake Pentland
2010s American reality television series
2010s American drama television series
2011 American television series debuts
2011 American television series endings
American television docudramas
English-language television shows
Lifetime (TV network) original programming
Television shows set in Hawaii
Television shows filmed in Hawaii
Television series created by Roseanne Barr
The 188th Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 2013 and 2014 during the governorship of Deval Patrick. Therese Murray served as president of the Senate and Robert DeLeo served as speaker of the House.
Senators
Representatives
See also
113th United States Congress
List of Massachusetts General Courts
References
External links
(2013, 2014)
(includes some video)
Political history of Massachusetts
Massachusetts legislative sessions
massachusetts
2013 in Massachusetts
massachusetts
2014 in Massachusetts
Tityustoxin is a toxin found in the venom of scorpions from the subfamily Tityinae. By binding to voltage-dependent sodium ion channels and potassium channels, they cause sialorrhea, lacrimation and rhinorrhea.
Sources
Scorpions are distributed among six families. Only those of the family Buthidae are dangerous to humans. Within this family, the subfamily Tityinae cause the most scorpion poisoning in humans. These species are found in Brazil (Tityus serrulatus, T. bahiensis and T. stigmurus) and in Northern and Southern Venezuela (T. discrepans). The venom of Tityus serrulatus is the most potent of these.
Chemistry
The crude venom of T. serrulatus contains different toxins. Some of the strongest derivates are the neurotoxins tityustoxin and toxin Ts-g. Two types of toxins are considered to be responsible for the main toxic effect: toxin gamma (a β-type toxin) and tityustoxin (TsTX, an α-type toxin), both with a specific affinity to the sodium channel. Other types of venom are: TsTX-kα, a 37 amino acid, toxin gamma (TsTX-γ and TsTX-I) with 61 amino acid residues is the major neurotoxin of this venom. TsTX-Kβ has a longer chain. K+ channels blocking peptides are single chain polypeptides of 30-40 amino acids with three disulphide bridges. The toxin with four disulphide bonds is from TsTX-IV. This contains 41 amino acid residues.
Targets
Na+ Channel affecting peptides: TsTX-γ and TsTX-I.
Ca2+ activated K+ Channel affecting peptides: TsTX-Kβ and TsTX-IV (the latter has high affinity). TsTx-IV blocks Ca2+ activated K+ channels of high conductance.
Mode of action
Two types of toxin are interesting: α-Scorpion toxins bind at site 3 of Na1 channels, causing a slowing of their inactivation. β-Scorpion toxins bind at site 4, shifting the activation of Na1 currents (INa) toward more negative potentials. Tityustoxin causes cell depolarization, activating Na+ channels and increasing the Na+ uptake that can affect Ca2+ uptake and can increase acetylcholine (ACh) release from cerebral cortical slices.
Na+ channels
The α-toxins bind to the subunit 3 of the sodium channel, slowing the inactivation and increasing peak current without changing time to peak. This causes cell depolarization that opens calcium channels allowing the influx of Ca2+, triggering ACh release. Both the steady-state activation and inactivation curves are shifted to more negative potentials.
K+ channels
TsTX-I, Ts1 or toxin gamma is a β-type toxin that binds to receptor site 4 and shift the voltage dependence of the sodium channel activation to more negative potentials. TsTX-Ka selectively blocks voltage-gated noninactivating (possibly delayed rectifier) K+ channels in synaptosomes.
Toxicity
The venom of Tityus serrulatus is the most potent of the toxins from the species. Tityustoxin-1, TsTX-I is the most toxic protein among the neurotoxins in this venom, with an intravenous and intracisternal (mouse) of 76 ± 9 and 1.1 ± 0.3 µg/kg, respectively. The identification of TsTX-I as a potent component of T. serrulatus venom characterized it as the major and main neurotoxin from this venom. Poisoning effects in man evoked by T. serrulatus venom are sialorrhea, lacrimation and rhinorrhea and acute pancreatitis. Catecholamines by the adrenal glands and postganglionic nerve terminals and Ach by ganglions and postganglionic nerve terminals are released when the poison strikes. Also other neurotransmitters are released by the whole venom and isolated toxins. In rats, the Tityustoxin caused dramatic effects on the circulatory and respiratory systems, consisting of hypotension, tachypnea, hyperpnea, ataxic and gasping breathing. Following these initial effects, 5 or 10 µg of TsTX induced hypertension and hyperpnea. The largest dose produced apnea and death about 70 min later.
Treatment
The lung edema induced by TsTX is blocked by phenobarbital. Rabbit anti-TsNTxP antibodies displayed cross-reactivity with the scorpion toxins and showed in vitro neutralizing capacity. Thus, this protein emerges as a strong candidate for the production of antiserum to be used in the treatment of scorpion stings. The nontoxic recombinant protein can induce a level of circulating antibodies sufficient to neutralize the toxic effects of Tityus toxins and is a good candidate for use in the production of a new generation of neutralizing polyclonal antibodies for clinical use.
References
Neurotoxins
Ion channel toxins
The coronation of Henry VIII and their wife Catherine of Aragon as king and queen of England took place at Westminster Abbey, London, on 24 June 1509. Henry ascended the throne two months prior, following the death of King Henry VII on 21 April, and Catherine became their wife and queen on 11 June. The ceremony was presided over by William Warham, the incumbent Archbishop of Canterbury, and organized by Lady Margaret Beaufort, the King's grandmother.
A splendid affair, the coronation of the new king and queen was met with great festivities across the country, and the populace had high hopes for the King's reign. Another full-length joint coronation would not be performed in the British Isles until that of James II of England and Mary of Modena in 1685, nearly two centuries later.
Background
The Wars of the Roses were the conflicts between the Houses of Lancaster and York, two cadet branches of the Plantagenet dynasty, over the English throne. Civil disorder under the reign of Richard II saw the crown's seizure by their cousin, Henry of Lancaster, who was also a male-line Plantagenet. Their son, Henry V, was popular for their successful military campaigns in France, but died unexpectedly, leaving the throne to their infant son, Henry VI. The king's militaristic failures in France combined with their later mental instability led to their cousin, Edward of York, seizing the throne. Like Henry VI, Edward IV was patrilineally descended from Edward III, but their claim to the throne was based on a line that allowed female succession. Their son, the boy-king Edward V, was imprisoned alongside their younger brother on the orders of their uncle, Edward's brother Richard, who promptly seized the throne and declared their nieces and nephews illegitimate by an Act of Parliament.
With the male line of the House of Lancaster extinct, the Lancastrian claim was inherited by Henry Tudor, whose claim was rather tentative. Their descent from the Plantagenets was through a woman, and the line through which they descended from was illegitimate. Though the Beauforts were later legitimized, they were barred from the succession by Henry IV. Since the Princes in the Tower disappeared under mysterious circumstances, the rightful Yorkist heir was their sister, Princess Elizabeth.
Henry Tudor invaded England with an army, killed King Richard III, and became King of England as Henry VII. They married Princess Elizabeth to strengthen their claim to the throne, for Henry was only truly king by right of conquest. The union eventually grew into a loving relationship, producing several children. Their eldest son and heir, Arthur, married the Spanish infanta Catherine of Aragon in 1501 as part of an Anglo-Spanish alliance. However, the Prince died the following year, and a marriage was arranged with the widowed Princess of Wales and Arthur's younger brother, Prince Henry. Despite concerns over Catherine's dowry and the issue of affinity, a papal dispensation was sought, and when Henry ascended the throne in 1509, they married Catherine, making them their queen.
Preparations
The King proclaimed that anyone who sought to participate in the coronation should assemble in the White Hall of Westminster Palace by 20 June, and a group of nobles headed by the Earl of Surrey, the Lord Treasurer and the Earl of Oxford would investigate the applications. Two days later, the King ordered twenty-six 'honorable persons' to serve them dinner at the Tower in anticipation of their creations as Knights of the Bath on 23 June. Said persons included William Blount; Thomas Knyvett, a jousting companion; Sir Henry Clifford, an old friend; and Sir Thomas Boleyn, father of Anne Boleyn, who would later become Henry's second wife.
As it was traditional for the king to hold a solemn vigil before their coronation, Henry observed this custom in the Tower on 22 June. They and the Queen travelled there via royal barge from Greenwich, and Henry ordered the royal apartments to be refurbished for their stay. On this occasion, they wore a doublet made of cloth of gold and damask satin underneath a gown made of purple velvet, furred with ermine. The very same afternoon, the King created twenty-four Knights of the Bath.
Coronation procession
The King
Around four in the afternoon, on 23 June, the King and Queen participated in a triumphant procession from the Tower to Westminster, to the acclaim of the people. The London thoroughfares were luxuriously furnished in anticipation of the coronation; houses and shops were decorated with tapestries, some even with cloth of gold. The crowds were so large that railing had to be put up on the streets to prevent the people from interfering with the procession.
Ahead of the parade were the newly created Knights of the Bath, wearing blue gowns. Edward Stafford, Duke of Buckingham, who had temporarily been made Constable of England, carried a small silver baton and rode ahead of King Henry. They were dressed in a gown of costly needlework, stones and rubies. Oddly, the Letters Patent that granted the office of Constable of England to Buckingham specified that they were to retain this office only on 23 June. The King, who was all too aware of Buckingham's political ambition, had this condition imposed.
Crowds cheered when the King finally made their appearance, riding a horse adorned with gold damask and ermine. Above them was a golden canopy carried by the Barons of the Cinque Port. Henry themselves wore "robes of crimson velvet trimmed with ermine over a gold jacket covered with a breathtaking array of sparkling diamonds, rubies, emeralds and pearls. Around their neck was a collar of huge violet-rose 'ballas rubies' from north Afghanistan." The chronicler Edward Hall wrote:
Behind Henry were lords, knights and esquires, followed by the Master of the King's Horse, similarly wearing a golden collar, albeit one less ostentatious than the King's.
The Queen
Queen Catherine's procession followed Henry's. The litter they sat in was supported by two white palfreys adorned with white cloth of gold. The queen was decked out in embroidered white satin, and Hall reported that they wore hair down and a coronet with many rich stones. Behind the Queen's litter were chariots with their ladies-in-waiting and the wives of the peers of the realm, wearing coloured silks.
Coronation
The night before the coronation, Henry and Catherine slept in the Painted Chamber of the Palace of Westminster beneath a large mural that depicted Edward the Confessor's 1042 coronation, commissioned by Henry III. Arriving earlier that day, they enjoyed a banquet and then went to the chapel of St. Stephen for prayer.
The next day, the royal couple left the palace at around eight in the morning and walked through Westminster Hall in the abbey, accompanied by thirty-eight bishops and abbots. Cloth merchants supplied 1641 yards of scarlet cloth and 2040 yards of red cloth for the coronation, making the final price of the coronation robes around £1307; the total bill for silks and cloths was £4781; £1749 was spent on Henry and Catherine's robes.
The coronation was held on Midsummer: Sunday, 24 June 1509. Spectators packed the Abbey for the event. Among some of the individuals were Mrs. Anne Luke, the King's nurse, and their former French teacher, Giles Duwes. The King's paternal grandmother, Lady Margaret Beaufort, watched proudly in the choir as the presider, Archbishop William Warham, presented King Henry to their subjects. A mass of voices shouted the traditional Latin cry of Vivat, Vivat Rex, which means 'Long Live the King!'. Henry swore their coronation oath before the Bishop of London:
Henry stood up from the Coronation Chair, proceeded to the high altar and was anointed with holy oil nine times (on their palms, chest, back, each shoulder and elbow and their head; each time with the sign of the cross). The King was then handed the gold orb and sceptre and St Edward's Crown was lowered onto their head.
The nobility of England then paid the King homage, starting with the senior peer, the Duke of Buckingham. They knelt in front of Henry, pledging their loyalty and fealty:
Four earls and twenty-one barons then followed suit.
Next was the Queen. After years of mistreatment and floating in limbo, Catherine was finally being crowned Queen of England. They wore "a kirtle furred with miniver ... and a mantle with a train of white cloth of gold with gold and white tassels." The archbishop carefully placed a golden crown upon the Queen's head and placed in their hand a golden sceptre with the image of a dove on the top.
The joint coronation was based on the precedent of Henry VII's coronation ceremony, which posed some issues. Edward Grey was assigned to lead the Queen's litter's horses, a job traditionally assigned to their ancestors. However, the boy was only six. Additionally, the viscounts assigned to carry the sceptre and ivory rod in Catherine's procession were nonexistent: no viscounts were alive in England in 1509.
Outside the Abbey, the ecstatic crowd of people began to tear off bits of the scarlet runner the King had walked on as a souvenir. When Henry and Catherine finally left the Abbey, they did not notice the absence of the runner and proceeded to Westminster Hall to the cheers of the people. There, the royal couple enjoyed their coronation banquet, and festivities continued for days as England celebrated the coronation of the King and Queen. Catherine wrote to their father, "our time is spent in continuous festival".
References
Bibliography
Oman, Carola (1962). Mary of Modena. Hodder & Stoughton.
1509 in England
Henry VIII
Catherine of Aragon
Henry VIII
Westminster Abbey
Michael Anthony Singletary (born September 19, 1988) is an American professional basketball player for Taipei Fubon Braves of the ABL and PLG.
References
External links
Texas Tech Red Raiders bio
1988 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in Montenegro
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
American expatriate basketball people in Thailand
Barako Bull Energy players
Basketball players from El Paso, Texas
Erie BayHawks (2008–2017) players
KK Mornar Bar players
Osaka Evessa players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards (basketball)
Rio Grande Valley Vipers players
San Miguel Beermen players
Small forwards
Texas Tech Red Raiders basketball players
RBC Pepinster players
ASEAN Basketball League players
Expatriate sportspeople in Thailand
American men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Taiwan
Taipei Fubon Braves players
P. League+ imports
The NHL Entry Draft, originally known as the NHL Amateur Draft, is a collective meeting in which the franchises of the National Hockey League (NHL) systematically select the exclusive rights to available amateur players who meet the eligibility requirements to play professional hockey in the NHL. First held in 1963, the draft prior to 1969 was a shorter affair. Any amateur player who was aged 17 years and older and was not already sponsored by an NHL club was eligible to be drafted. In 1969 the rules were changed so that any amateur player between the ages of 17 and 20 was eligible to be drafted. The draft has grown, and in 2021, 223 players were selected over seven rounds.
A total of 60 different players have been selected first. Of those, 43 have been Canadian, eight American, three Russian, two Czech, two Swedish, one Slovak and one Swiss. Every first overall pick taken between 1968 and 2016 has played in at least 299 NHL games. Three players retired without having played an NHL game.
The Montreal Canadiens have had the most first overall picks of any other team, selecting six players first between 1963 and 2022. Five players have come from the London Knights of the Ontario Hockey League, more than any other team. Eleven players have won the Calder Memorial Trophy as the NHL's rookie of the year: Gilbert Perreault, Denis Potvin, Bobby Smith, Dale Hawerchuk, Mario Lemieux, Bryan Berard, Alexander Ovechkin, Patrick Kane, Nathan MacKinnon, Aaron Ekblad and Auston Matthews. Eight have been inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame: Perreault, Potvin, Guy Lafleur, Eric Lindros, Hawerchuk, Lemieux, Mats Sundin and Mike Modano.
First overall picks
Key
Notes
Wendel Clark was drafted as a defenceman
See also
WHA Amateur Draft
References
General
Specific
Birds & Blooms is an American magazine about backyard plants, birds, butterflies, and other creatures.
History and profile
Birds & Blooms was started in 1995. The magazine has its editorial offices in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The magazine is produced once every two months. Most of the articles and photographs in the magazine are reader-submitted, giving the magazine a non-scientific approach. It contains information on how to attract birds and other wildlife to the backyard and other information of interest to outdoor enthusiasts and amateur ornithologists and lepidopterists.
The magazine targets audiences from two hobby demographics: gardening and birdwatching. In 2008, 70% of American adults were involved in gardening, and 6.4% were bird-watchers.
In May 2005, Birds & Blooms began publishing Birds & Blooms EXTRA with magazine issues published six months a year on alternating months to the original Birds & Bloom magazine.
See also
Birdwatching
Gardening
List of ornithology journals
References
External links
Official website
Reiman Publications website
1995 establishments in Wisconsin
Bimonthly magazines published in the United States
Horticultural magazines
Journals and magazines relating to birding and ornithology
Magazines established in 1995
Magazines published in Wisconsin
Mass media in Milwaukee
Wildlife magazines
Somprasong Promsorn (, born May 30, 1997) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a left winger for Thai League 2 club Khon Kaen.
Club career
Leicester City
In youth career they were trained for 2 years and a half at Leicester City in England.
References
Soccerway
LiveSoccer888
Goal.com
1997 births
Living people
Somprasong Promsorn
Association football forwards
Thai expatriate sportspeople in England
Thai expatriate sportspeople in Belgium
Somprasong Promsorn
Somprasong Promsorn
Kamiiida Choseichi is an earthfill dam located in Gifu Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 0.1 km2. The dam impounds about 2 ha of land when full and can store 70 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1965 and completed in 1975.
References
Dams in Gifu Prefecture
1975 establishments in Japan
Gioele Pellino is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Italy.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position, races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1983 births
Living people
Italian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
People from Foligno
Sportspeople from the Province of Perugia
"Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You" is a song written by Bob Dylan from their 1969 album Nashville Skyline. It was the closing song of the album. The song was the third single released from the album, after "I Threw It All Away" and "Lay Lady Lay", reaching #50 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, and reaching the top 20 in other countries. It was anthologized on the compilation albums Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II and Playlist: The Very Best of Bob Dylan '60s.
Background and composition
Dylan arrived at the Nashville Skyline recording sessions having written just four songs, including "I Threw It All Away" and "Lay Lady Lay". Having recorded these and three other new songs on February 13 and 14, 1969, they needed a few more songs to fill out the album. "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You" was written over two days at the Ramada Inn where Dylan was staying, and recorded over 11 takes on February 17. The song is reminiscent of the last two songs from Dylan's previous album John Wesley Harding, "Down Along the Cove" and "I'll Be Your Baby Tonight", particularly the latter.
The lyrics of "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You" mark a change from many of Dylan's earlier love songs, which expressed a restlessness in search of perfect love. In contrast, "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You" expresses Dylan's devotion to their lover and willingness to stay with them Even though the line from the title, which is repeated at the end of each verse, only explicitly expresses a willingness to stay "tonight", the implication of the song is that the singer is willing to stay permanently and become a family man. Train imagery runs throughout the song, but unlike earlier songs that used similar imagery, in this song even though the singer "can hear that whistle blowin'" they want to "throw [his] ticket out the window" and let "a poor boy on the street" have their seat so that they can stay with their lover. The accompaniment includes piano, pedal steel guitar and bass guitar.
Live performances
Dylan did not play "Tonight I'll Be Staying Here with You" live in concert until the Rolling Thunder Revue tours in 1975 and 1976, and it was not played live again until February 1990 on the Neverending Tour. The first live performance was at Waltham, Massachusetts on November 22, 1975. The Rolling Thunder Revue version became an anthemic rocker, rather than the sweet country song from the original album. A live version of the song from the first Rolling Thunder Revue tour was released in 2002 on The Bootleg Series Vol. 5: Bob Dylan Live 1975, The Rolling Thunder Revue.; it was also included on the 2019 box set The Rolling Thunder Revue: The 1975 Live Recordings, along with a rehearsal of the song. According to their official website, Dylan played the song 144 times in total between 1975 and 2006.
References
External links
Lyrics at Bob Dylan's official site
Chords at Dylanchords
Songs written by Bob Dylan
Bob Dylan songs
1969 singles
Song recordings produced by Bob Johnston
Columbia Records singles
1969 songs
Country rock songs
Underground Railroad are a French post-punk band based in London, England. The band is on independent label One Little Indian Records and have released three albums, Twisted Trees (2007), Sticks and Stones (2008) and White Night Stand (2011), as well as an EP, Pick the Ghost... in 2009. They toured promoting both their first two albums in the UK, and the rest of Europe, from 2007 to 2009.
They have been featured in the NME'''s "Radar" and Q magazine's "QPM show", and been played on the Zane Lowe show on BBC Radio 1. They also featured on the BBC Introducing Stage at 2008 Reading and Leeds Festival.
The band's members are Raphael Mura on drums and vocals, Marion Andrau on guitar and vocals, with JB Ganivet on bass guitar and backing vocals.
Cello player Anna Scott played on their third album White Night Stand'', and joins the band on occasional tour dates.
Discography
Albums
Singles
References
External links
Nme.com
One Little Independent Records artists
Pureiromba (also, Pureilomba or Puleilompa) is a God in Meitei mythology and religion.  They are the giver of rain and agricultural prosperity.  They are one of the major Umang Lai deities.  They are the Ancestor God of the Angom clan of the Meitei ethnicity.
History
According to the Thalon text, Pureiromba () was one of the 5 gods of 5 different places of the Selloi Langmai Hill (Nongmaiching Hill). Before the Meitei King Ura Konthouba (c. 7th century CE) killed all the Selloi Langmai people, the cults of these five gods were put together into that of a single God with the name "Langmai Ningthou" (lit. King of the Langmais). The personal names became the other names or various forms of the God. With this, the tribal society of the Selloi Langmai people became one chiefdom. This chiefdom later became the Angom clan.
Description
The people who worship Pureiromba () think of them as their ancestor. However, no one knows if they were a real person from history or a god that acted like a human. But the ancient texts that show their adventures in the human world show them as a strong, powerful and able founding ancestor. They were initially associated with a Loi village of Andro, Imphal East. But in later times, the people of Moirang worshipped them as one of their deified ancestors.
Festival
The religious festival of Lai Haraoba is celebrated in honor of God Pureiromba () in the months of Kalen (April-May). The Haraoba of Pureiromba belongs to the type of the Chakpa Haraoba. Chakpa Haraoba is one of the four types of Lai Haraoba.
At Andro, Imphal East, on the last day of the celebration of Pureiromba, a small mound of rice offerings is piled up by the maibis. Out of rice, the maibis construct a small landscape of mountain ranges, ravines, lakes, rivers, etc.
Cults and pantheons
There are pantheons dedicated to God Pureiromba and their son Chinsongba in the village of Andro, Imphal East in Manipur.
God Pureiromba is also regarded as the ancestor of the people of the Sharumbam clan of Meitei ethnicity. The cult of Pureiromba was looked after by the people of Mangsatabam clan of Meitei ethnicity.
Namesakes
Pureiromba Youth Club
The Pureiromba Youth Club, Bamon Kampu, Imphal is a youths' club of Manipur. It reported to the Government of Manipur about the case of Thangjam Manorama.
See also
Panam Ningthou
References
External links
INTERNET ARCHIVE, Pureiromba
E-PAO, Pureiromba
E-PAO, Pureilomba
Abundance deities
Abundance gods
Agricultural deities
Agricultural gods
Creator deities
Creator gods
Earth deities
Earth gods
Fertility deities
Fertility gods
Food deities
Food gods
Fortune deities
Fortune gods
Harvest deities
Harvest gods
Health deities
Health gods
Kings in Meitei mythology
Life-death-rebirth deities
Life-death-rebirth gods
Magic deities
Magic gods
Maintenance deities
Maintenance gods
Meitei gods and goddesses
Names of God in Sanamahism
Nature deities
Nature gods
Ningthou
Peace deities
Peace gods
Rain deities
Savior deities
Savior gods
Time and fate deities
Time and fate gods
Tutelary deities
Tutelary gods
In enzymology, a phosphomannomutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
alpha-D-mannose 1-phosphate D-mannose 6-phosphate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, alpha-D-mannose 1-phosphate, and one product, D-mannose 6-phosphate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically the phosphotransferases (phosphomutases), which transfer phosphate groups within a molecule. The systematic name of this enzyme class is alpha-D-mannose 1,6-phosphomutase. Other names in common use include mannose phosphomutase, phosphomannose mutase, and D-mannose 1,6-phosphomutase. This enzyme participates in fructose and mannose metabolism. It has 2 cofactors: D-glucose 1,6-bisphosphate, and D-Mannose 1,6-bisphosphate.
Structural studies
As of late 2007, 18 structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes , , , , , , , , , , , , and .
References
EC 5.4.2
Enzymes of known structure
"The Sound of Crying" is a single by English pop band Prefab Sprout, released by Kitchenware Records in June 1992. It was one of two new songs included on their compilation album A Life of Surprises: The Best of Prefab Sprout. It was one of the band's biggest hits, reaching No. 23 on the UK Singles Chart.
Composition
Paddy McAloon originally wrote the song in April 1990 for a proposed biographical album about Michael Jackson, whom they were fascinated by. The verses originally listed unhappy things that had happened to Jackson, while the original lyrics of the chorus were "Only the boogie music / Will never, ever let you down". The song's final form has been described by McAloon as "a “Why does God allow this?” song". The lyrics concern the plights of people around the world, and ask why they cannot be helped. This was prompted by George H. W. Bush's references to a new world order, as McAloon felt that "no matter how well-regulated you make the world, no matter how well-regulated our affairs are, disasters are kind of there".
Release
The song received significant airplay on BBC Radio 1, and became Prefab Sprout's first top 30 hit on the UK singles chart since "The King of Rock 'n' Roll" reached No. 7 four years earlier. It peaked at No. 23, and remains the band's second highest-charting single to date. A music video featuring the band was produced and was included on the VHS release "A Life of Surprises: The Video Collection".
Reception
The song was well received, with Jim Lawn of the Lennox Herald calling it "Paddy McAloon's best chance of a hit single in ages".
The Times Alan Jackson commented that the song's "lush production and glorious melody" were used "to sneak one of the oldest debates in Christendom before millions of Radio 1 listeners". Similarly, David Cavanagh of Select praised how the song "manages to include ice-cool phraseology like “the music of the spheres” while still being catchy enough to be this week's third most played single on Radio 1".
Track listings
7"Side 1 "The Sound Of Crying (Edit)"Side 2'
"The Sound Of Crying (Full Version)"
CD
"The Sound Of Crying (Edit)
"The Sound Of Crying (Full Version)"
"Looking For Atlantis"
"The Golden Calf"
References
External links
Prefab Sprout songs
1992 singles
1992 songs
Songs written by Paddy McAloon
Ultrapithecus is an extinct genus of oldfieldthomasiid notoungulate that lived during the Middle Eocene of what is now Argentina.
Description
This genus is mostly known from its dentition, and a detailed reconstruction is impossible. It can be supposed that Ultrapithecus was, like its better known relatives, similar in size and appearance with a modern marmot. Its dentition consisted of low-crowned (brachydont) teeth. The molars were devoid of mesostyle, while the premolars lacked the fold of the metacone.
Classification
The genus Ultrapithecus was first described in 1901 by Florentino Ameghino, based on fossil remains found in Argentine terrains dated from the end of the Middle Eocene. Ameghino described two species, Ultrapithecus rutilans and U. rusticulus, and thought that this genus was an archaic primate, hence its genus name, Ultrapithecus, meaning "monkey from the other side", referring to its discovery in South America instead of the Old World. Ultrapithecus was subsequently placed within the order Notoungulata, and the two species are considered synonyms, with U. rutilans taking precedence.
Ultrapithecus has historically been placed with the family Oldfieldthomasiidae, but more recent studies tends to indicate that this family was paraphyletic, with Ultrapithecus being a member of an Eocene adaptive radiation of archaic notoungulates, nested at the basis of the suborder Typotheria. It seems to have been closely related with the genus Kibenikhoria.
References
F. Ameghino. 1901. Notices préliminaires sur des ongulés nouveaux des terrains crétacés de Patagonie [Preliminary notes on new ungulates from the Cretaceous terrains of Patagonia]. Boletin de la Academia Nacional de Ciencias de Córdoba 16:349-429
G. G. Simpson. 1967. The beginning of the age of mammals in South America. Part II. Bulletin of the American Museum of Natural History 137:1-260
R. Cifelli. 1985. Biostratigraphy of the Casamayoran, Early Eocene of Patagonia. American Museum Novitates 2820:1-26
Typotheres
Eocene mammals of South America
Paleogene Argentina
Fossils of Argentina
Taxa named by Florentino Ameghino
Fossil taxa described in 1901
Prehistoric placental genera
Golfo San Jorge Basin
Three Sails () is a three small isolated nunataks in a row, located 6 nautical miles (11 km) east of Redpath Peaks at the south extremity of the Heritage Range, Ellsworth Mountains. The descriptive name was applied by the University of Minnesota Geological Party to the area, 1963–64.
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
The A244-s is an Italian lightweight, fire-and-forget torpedo employed for anti-submarine warfare. It can be launched from surface vessels or from aircraft, and locates the target by means of an acoustic seeker.
Description
The torpedo uses a CIACIO-S seeker, consisting of an acoustic homing head containing the transducer assembly, transmitter and related Beamforming circuits, and a frame housing all the remaining electronic components. The homing head is capable of active, passive or mixed modes for closing onto its target. It can also discriminate between decoys and real targets in the presence of heavy reverberations by specially emitted pulses and signal processing.
The latest version is the A244-S mod.3 torpedo.
The A244/s are developed and manufactured by the Italian WASS (Whitehead Alenia Sistemi Subacquei) firm.
Operators
Current operators
- 25 ordered in 2011
- 540
- 50 (ET52 torpedo)
- 781
- 72
- 450 (NST58 torpedo, another derivative)
- 88
- 12
- 12
- 75
- 18
- 12
- 72
- 6 (for familiarization before delivery of MU-90)
- 250 Mod.1; 100 Mod.3
- 80
- 120
- 50
- ordered in 2010 for Project-58250 frigates
- 50 Mod.1 ordered April 1997 for 29.5 million dollars; 24 + 25 ordered in 2005 for 12 million Euros
- 150
See also
APR-3E torpedo - Russian equivalent
Mark 54 Lightweight Torpedo - US Navy's equivalent
MU90 Impact - French/Italian equivalent
Sting Ray (torpedo) - British equivalent
TAL Shyena - Indian equivalent
Yu-7 torpedo - Chinese equivalent
K745 Chung Sang Eo - South Korean equivalent
Type 97 light weight torpedo (G-RX4) - Japanese equivalent
Bibliography
Footnotes
References
External links
Jane's Air-Launched Weapons: A.244/S lightweight torpedo
A244/S Mod. 3, Eurotorp
A244 Datasheet
Deagel.com, specifications
History & specifications, at Jane's website, retrieved 2009-03-08
Torpedoes
Aerial torpedoes
Naval weapons of Italy
Anti-submarine weapons
Military equipment introduced in the 1980s
The black-billed thrush (Turdus ignobilis) is a bird in the family Turdidae native to Colombia and also scantily distributed across Venezuela, the Guiana Shield and the western Amazon.
Distribution and habitat
The species is the most common Turdus thrush of disturbed habitats in western Amazonia and on the Guianan Shield, occurring in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Venezuela, and Bolivia. It inhabits a variety of habitats including clearings, savannas with gallery woodland, cerrado, humid forest borders, coffee plantations, and various other habitats under anthropogenic influence.
Ecology
The black-billed thrush feeds on terrestrial invertebrates (beetles and flies, worms, crickets and caterpillars) as well as berries and fruits. The bird inhabits the midstory of vegetation. It lays two eggs in a cup-shaped nest. Individuals are generally solitary.
References
black-billed thrush
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Bolivian Amazon
Birds of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Birds of the Peruvian Amazon
black-billed thrush
Taxa named by Philip Sclater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Porta Asinaria is a gate in the Aurelian Walls of Rome. Dominated by two protruding tower blocks and associated guard rooms, it was built between 271 and 275 AD, at the same time as the Wall itself. It was not rebuilt or fortified in the time of Honorius and not restored by Theoderic as most of the other gates.
It is through this gate that East Roman troops under General Belisarius entered the city in 536, reclaiming the city for the Byzantine Empire from the Ostrogoths.
By the 16th century it had become overwhelmed by traffic. A new breach in the walls was made nearby to create the Porta San Giovanni. At this point, the Porta Asinaria was closed to traffic.
See also
Notes
References
Further reading
Mauro Quercioli, Le mura e le porte di Roma. Newton Compton Ed., Rome, 1982
Laura G. Cozzi, Le porte di Roma. F.Spinosi Ed., Rome, 1968
External links
Porta Asinaria, Roma Segreta
Asinaria
MassCoMedia, located in Noida, Uttar Pradesh, is a college in India that offer courses in journalism, advertising, animation, public relations, event management, TV production/direction and broadcast journalism.
The college provides programs in Mass communication, TV Journalism, Broadcast Journalism, Radio Jockey, Advertising, Public Relations and Events management.
It houses channel ready TV-studios, a radio studio and an animation facility, along with Non- Linear Editing suites.
The main branch of MassCoMedia is spread over and up to 500 students attend the institute every day. The institute has two industry-standard TV studios, a radio studio, a photography studio and a number of e-classrooms, where lessons in media related activities are imparted to students.
The residential campus for students studying at MassCoMedia (Noida Division) is located at Greater Noida. The residential campus also has studios equipped to handle filming and sound recording work for TV and films. The minimum eligibility for students aspiring to join MassCoMedia is 10+2 in any stream or its equivalent. The admission process entails an entrance test and an interview. The admission process starts in February and goes up to August of every year.
Founder is Divesh Nath, who is also the Managing editor and Publishing Director of Delhi Press Magazines, estd 1938. Delhi Press magazines publish 32 magazines in 9 languages in India.
In 2014 MassCoMedia was judged to be the 6th best institute for Journalism in India and the 4th best institute for Mass Communication education in the North India. The college now has 300+ on campus students.
Divesh Nath founded Masscomedia, in 2007, which is a mass communications company imparting media education. It also produces programs for various TV channels.
Information
Students receive practical experience of shooting movies and news documentaries.
There are extracurricular activities like rocks shows and parties, conferences and seminars are organized.
Students travel around India and make films and documentaries.
Management
Founder and Managing Director
Devish Nath, 1985, Present (30 years) New Delhi Area, India:  They are also the Managing editor and Publishing Director of Delhi Press Magazines. Established in 1938, Delhi Press magazines publish 32 magazines in 9 languages in India, including English at present.
Owner CEO
Pramod Engineering, January 2004, Present (11 years 1 month): Manufacturing high speed bindery and web printing machines for assorted printing industry requirements.
Founder and Collector
The Lexicon Art, January 2006, Present (9 years 1 month): It comprises the best collection from the Indian contemporary art online, from Hussains to new artists. Thousands of art work to choose, click through and purchase.
Diploma Programs
Master Program in TV Production, Direction & Broadcast Journalism (MTV)
Master/Diploma in Advertising, Public Relations & Brand Management (MAPR)
Diploma in Television Production(DTV)
Diploma in TV Serials and Film-Making
Diploma in Advertising, Public Relations & Brand Management(DAPR)
External links
MassCoMedia website
Alternative MassCoMedia website
Students' TV website
Journalism schools in India
Universities and colleges in Noida
2007 establishments in Uttar Pradesh
Educational institutions established in 2007
Cristian Trabalón Laso is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Career statistics
By season
Races by year
(key)
References
External links
Profile on motogp.com
1992 births
Living people
Spanish motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Ataxia hubbardi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Warren Samuel Fisher in 1924. It is known from the United States and Mexico.
References
Ataxia (beetle)
Beetles described in 1924
Askar Myrzakhmetov (, Asqar İsabekūly Myrzahmetov) is a Kazakh politician who held the positions of Counsellor of the Prime Minister of Kazakhstan and First Vice Minister of Agriculture between 1997 and 2006. They were ambassador to Uzbekistan in 2006 and 2007.
Biography
Askar Myrzakhmetov was born October 1, 1962. They graduated from the Kazakh National Agrarian University, graduate school of the All-Union Research Institute of Livestock. By education — Zooengineer, Candidate of Agricultural Sciences.
They worked as an academic employee in the system of Eastern Department of the All-Union Academy of Agricultural Sciences.
In 1991 — 1995 — Vice-President of the Joint Stock Company "Republican Construction Exchange" Kazakhstan"", Chairman of the Board of the Association of Exchange of Central Asia and Kazakhstan, "Electronic Store".
CEO of the investment firm "Tasmo" (1995 — 1996).
CEO of the Agro-Leasing (1996 — 1999).
Freelance Advisor of Prime Minister of the Republic of Kazakhstan (1997 — 1999).
Chairman of the Council of the Forum of Entrepreneurs of Kazakhstan (03.1999 — 08.1999).
Vice-Minister of Agriculture of the Republic of Kazakhstan (08.1999 — 06.2002).
In the period from 1999 to 2002 Askar Myshakhmetov headed the Board of Directors, was a member of the Board of Directors of "Prodсorporation".
From June 2002 — the first vice-minister of agriculture of the Republic of Kazakhstan.
By decree of the President of Kazakhstan dated August 25, 2005, they were appointed Minister of Agriculture.
On April 26, 2006, they were appointed Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of the Republic of Kazakhstan in the Republic of Uzbekistan, in this position worked until September 18, 2007.
From September 2007 to March 2009 — Head of the "National Company" Socio-Entrepreneurship Corporation "Ontustik" (Shymkent, South Kazakhstan region).
March 4, 2009, appointed akim of the South Kazakhstan region.
August 8, 2015, released from the post of Akim of the South Kazakhstan region and was appointed First Deputy Chairman of the Nur Otan Party.
May 6, 2016, appointed Minister of Agriculture of the Republic of Kazakhstan. June 14, 2016 appointed deputy prime minister and headed the commission on landforms, retaining the post of Minister of Agriculture. December 15, 2017, released from the post of Minister of Agriculture and Deputy Prime Minister.
January 10, 2018, appointed akim of the Jambyl Region.
February 10, 2020, released from the post of akim of the Jambyl region.
Awards
Order of Parasat (2018);
Order of Kurmet (2010);
Order of Friendship (September 10, 2013, Russia);
Medal "20 years of independence of the Republic of Kazakhstan" (2011);
State Prize of the Republic of Kazakhstan in the field of literature and art (2014).
References
Living people
Kazakhstani businesspeople
Ministers of Agriculture (Kazakhstan)
Ambassadors of Kazakhstan to Uzbekistan
1962 births
Deputy Prime Ministers of Kazakhstan
Vrbata is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Vrbata (born 1983), Czech ice hockey player
Radim Vrbata (born 1981), Czech ice hockey player, brother of David
Surnames of Czech origin
The EKR (Eksperimentalnaya Krylataya Raketa, or experimental winged rocket) was a Soviet intermediate range cruise missile designed by the Korolev design bureau based on B. Chertok's elaboration of the German R-15 cruise missile design.
History
By 1951 - 1953 the Korolev bureau had prepared an experimental design, incorporating a prototype astronavigation system. In 1953 an expert commission examined the design and felt that there were still many technical problems needing to be solved, which would be better handled by an aircraft designer rather than Korolev. Additionally, Korolev's chief priority was the development of the R-7 ICBM. In 1954 a government decree authorised the Lavochkin and Myasishchev aircraft design bureaus to proceed in parallel with full-scale development of trisonic intercontinental cruise missiles.
Design
The EKR as designed by Korolev would have been a Mach 3 ramjet, accelerated to supersonic cruise speed by an R-11 rocket booster. Smaller than the missile proposed by the Germans, it would have had a range of 730 km with a flight time of 927 seconds, a lift to drag ratio of 2.51, and a wing area of 3.31 m².
Specifications
General characteristics
Function: Nuclear cruise missile
Launch mass: 7,874 kg (17,359 lb)
Total length: 21.00 m (68.00 ft)
Launch platform: Launch pad
Status: Canceled
Launch booster (stage 1)
Function: Launch booster
Engine: S2.253 rocket engine
Length: 8.29 m (27.19 ft)
Diameter: 0.88 m (2.88 ft)
Thrust: 107.333 kN (24,129 lbf)
Oxidizer: LOx
Combustible: Kerosene
Cruise missile (stage 2)
Engine: 1× EKR ramjet
Speed : Mach 3
Range: 730 km
Flight altitude:
Warhead: 200 kg (440 lb)
Length: 9.43 m (30.95 ft)
Diameter: 0.65 m (2.13 ft)
Wing span: 2.02 m (6.62 ft)
Wing area: 3.31 m²
References
Cruise missiles of the Cold War
Cold War guided missiles of the Soviet Union
Cruise missiles of the Soviet Union
Ramjet engines
The Grande Rivière (in English: Grand River) is a tributary of the Ouelle River which flows on the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, in the province of Quebec, in Canada.
The Grande Rivière flows successively in the regional county municipalities (MRC) of:
L'Islet Regional County Municipality (administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches): municipalities of Sainte-Perpétue, Tourville and Saint-Damase-de-L'Islet;
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality (administrative region of Bas-Saint-Laurent): municipalities of Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth and Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant.
Geography
The Grande Rivière has its source at Fournier Lake (length: ; altitude: ) which is located in the municipality of Sainte-Perpétue in the heart of the Notre Dame Mountains. This spring is located at southeast of the south shore of the St. Lawrence River, at northeast of the village center from Sainte-Perpétue and at south of the center of the village of Tourville.
From its source, the Grande Rivière flows over in forest areas, divided into the following segments:
Upper part of the Grande Rivière (segment of )
north in Sainte-Perpétue, up to the limit of Tourville;
northward, into Tourville;
northeasterly in Sainte-Perpétue, to the limit of Tourville;
north in Tourville, to the limit between Saint-Damase-de-L'Islet; at the very end of this segment, the Grande Rivière collects water from the rivière du Rat Musqué (coming from the south);
northward, to the confluence of the Sainte-Anne River;
Lower part of the Grande Rivière (segment of )
north, up to the road bridge;
northward, to the confluence of the Chaude River;
northward in Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth, up to the limit of Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant;
westward, forming a northward loop in Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant, to its confluence.
The confluence of the river is located in the municipality of Saint-Gabriel-Lalemant, very close to the limit of Saint-Onésime-d'Ixworth. This confluence is south of the center of the village of Saint-Gabriel-de-Kamouraska, east of the center of the village of La Pocatière, at south of the center of the village of Saint-Pacôme. This confluence is located upstream of the Chemin du Village bridge, in the hamlet of Canton-des-Roches.
The Grande Rivière is canoeable.
Toponymy
The toponym La Grande Rivière was made official on December 5, 1968, by the Commission de toponymie du Québec.
See also
List of rivers of Quebec
References
Rivers of Chaudière-Appalaches
Rivers of Bas-Saint-Laurent
Kamouraska Regional County Municipality
L'Islet Regional County Municipality
Microsoft Customer Care Framework (CCF) was a desktop-based framework which was used to address issues faced by service providers caused by multiple line of business (LOB) systems while interacting with their customers. It was discontinued though many of its core functions were moved to an add-in for the Microsoft Dynamics CRM product named the Unified Service Desk.
The Customer Care Framework provided a core set of functions for customer support avenues including voice call via call center agents and Internet portals. The framework used other Microsoft server products including the BizTalk Server, and SharePoint. CCF required the use of Microsoft SQL Server and Microsoft IIS for the server side, which it uses to provide a base core set of web services.
CCF is targeted at medium to large enterprises. CCF was originally developed for the large call center requirements of the telecommunication industry.
CCF is different from most products from Microsoft in that it is not an 'out of the box' solution but requires development and configuration to build a working customer solution. The framework allows for a SOA methodology on development on the server and agent desktop side, but this is not mandatory and non-SOA development can be done and is normally the case.
CCF Components
Agent Desktop
The primary user interface for CCF is the agent desktop. This is a desktop-based user interface (UI) that presents data aggregated from various Line of business (LOB) & OSS/BSS application front ends and presents them in a unified view. CCF does not include an Agent Desktop application, rather samples including source code are provided as part of the framework.
Application Integration Framework (AIF)
The AIF manages the loading of the applications, integration and event brokering. Through the use of adapters (see HAT below) applications can have custom integrations to account for both the technology of the hosted application and business processing.
Hosted Application Toolkit (HAT)
HAT allows for the separation of the business rules and the method used to integrate with the application. HAT uses Microsoft Windows Workflow Foundation (WF) to manage the business rules, Data Driven Adapters (DDAs) to manage the application directly, and Bindings written in XML to connect the two. CCF 2009 SP1 ships with 3 DDAs: Win32, Web, and Java (JDK 1.6). DDAs can be customized or extended for additional application types as needed.
Releases
Customer Care Framework 1.0: released early 2003
Customer Care Framework 1.1: released 2004; uses .NET Framework 1.1
Customer Care Framework 1.2: released 2004; uses .NET Framework 1.1
Customer Care Framework 2.0: released 2005; uses .NET Framework 1.1
Customer Care Framework 2005 (version 2.5.0): released Jan 2006, uses .NET Framework 1.1
Customer Care Framework 2005 (QFE 1, version 2.5.1): released April 2006, uses .NET Framework 1.1
Customer Care Framework 2005 (QFE 2, version 2.5.2): released 2006, uses .NET Framework 1.1
Customer Care Framework 2005 (QFE 3, version 2.5.3): released August 2006, uses .NET Framework 1.1
Customer Care Framework 2005 for .NET Framework 2.0 (version 2.6): built on a modified 2.5.3 base; requires .NET Framework 2.0. Contains significant bug fixes to those base areas of CCF where the code is not available.
Customer Care Framework 2008: released 21 September 2007, uses .NET Framework 3.0
Customer Care Framework 2009: released 28 October 2008.
Customer Care Framework 2009 Service Pack 1: released April 2009.
Customer Care Framework 2009 Service Pack 1 QFE: released August 2009, adds support for .NET Framework 3.5 SP1, IE8, dynamic positioning. Adds a shell API, which (amongst others) brings improved CTI support and possibility to develop WPF shells.
Any version of Customer Care Framework before CCF 2009 SP1 QFE will break when upgrading to .NET Framework 3.5 SP1.
Similar Products
Microsoft's Composite UI Application Block can be used to build composite applications within CCF, and a number of products similar to CCF are offered by other companies as well.
References
External links
Microsoft's Unified Service Desk documentation
Microsoft's CCF discussion board
Information technology management
Service-oriented architecture-related products
Microsoft software factories
Hurry Home, Candy by Meindert DeJong is a children's novel about a dog. Illustrated by Maurice Sendak, the book was first published in 1953 and was a Newbery Honor recipient in 1954. It regularly appears on public library and school reading lists.
Plot summary
Hurry Home, Candy tells the story of a young dog named Candy, chronicling their life through several traumatic and joyful events. Told from the dog's perspective, the reader experiences Candy's separation from their mother and being brought to a cold kitchen floor with the ever-present threat of being hit with a broom. Later in the story, Candy becomes a beloved pet to two small children, only to later become separated from them. Their quest to survive and be re-united with their new family constitutes the rest of the narrative.
Reception
Kirkus Reviews said "we are those things with him, quite stricken with their near tragedy and overjoyed when they find happiness at last."
References
1953 American novels
1953 children's books
American children's novels
Newbery Honor-winning works
Novels by Meindert DeJong
Books illustrated by Maurice Sendak
Children's novels about animals
Dogs in literature
Harper & Row books
Natalka Poltavka (English: Natalka from Poltava) is an opera in three acts by the Ukrainian composer Mykola Lysenko, based on the play Natalka Poltavka by Ivan Kotlyarevsky, first performed in 1889.
Background
The original version of Kotlyarevsky's play in 1819 contained a number of Ukrainian folk songs which were sung at different points throughout the work. The first known musical adaptation of the play was made by Kharkiv musician A. Barsytsky and was published in 1833. Simultaneously the play starring M. Shchepkin as Vyborny was premiered in Moscow in the 1830s with music arranged by the head violinist and later conductor A. Gurianov. Later arrangements were made by A. Yedlichka, M. Vasyliev and others.
Lysenko's version
Lysenko began to work on the opera in 1864 but put it aside, lacking experience in writing for the opera stage. Their eventual 1889 version upstaged all the previous versions of the work. Lysenko took the original songs from the play, which were lengthened, and wrote orchestral accompaniments to the folk songs and dances in the play. They enlarged the musical tapestry, producing background music to some parts. The songs were transformed into arias, and an overture and musical entracts were added which stayed true to the spirit of Kotlyarevsky's play. Although Lysenko's version is usually categorised as an operetta, it is more comparable to an opera-comique, containing as it does long stretches of spoken dialogue.
Attempts were made to transform the work into "Grand Opera" with the addition of music by V. Iorish were not successful. The Kiev State Opera returned to Lysenko's original version.
Performances
The opera was first performed in Odessa (in Russian), on 12/24 November 1889.
An early exponent of the role of Mykola was Fyodor Stravinsky, father of the composer Igor Stravinsky.
The opera has been performed by the Ukrainian State Opera since 1925, and also by the Opera Studio of the Kiev Conservatory since World War II. During this period the parts have been performed by leading Ukrainian singers including M. Shchepkin, M. Kropivnytsky, P. Saksahansky, M. Zankovetsky, I. Patorzhynsky, M. Lytvynenko-Volhemut, M. Donets and O. Petrusenko.
In 2007 a variant was produced at the Kiev Opera with the orchestra supplemented by Ukrainian folk instruments. This version received moderate acclaim.
Synopsis
Act I
Natalka awaits the return of their fiance Petro, who is working abroad.  They are noted by the elderly landowner Vozniy, who persuades Viborniy to intercede with them on their behalf.
Act II
Viborniy persuades Natalka's mother, Terpilikha, that their daughter should marry the wealthy Vozniy, rather than await the uncertain return of Petro. The village maidens prepare Natalka for their wedding, although they are in despair.
Act III
Petro returns: Mykola informs them of Natalka's engagement. Natalka appears and tells Petro they love only him. Terpilikha objects, and Petro undertakes to leave the village if it will prevent bad feeling. Touched by this gesture, Vozniy relents and all ends happily.
Film adaptation
Lysenko's opera was made into a film that was released in Ukraine on 24 December 1936. The film was directed by Ivan Kavaleridze. This film was the first adaptation of an operetta produced in the former Soviet Union.
References
Operas by Mykola Lysenko
1889 operas
Ukrainian-language operas
Operas
Operas set in Ukraine
Operas based on plays
Riverview Cemetery is a historic cemetery on North Market Street in Wilmington, Delaware. The cemetery consists of two sections, on either side of North Market Street. The southern section consists of a long, roughly rectangular plot that was purchased in 1872, when the cemetery was founded. The landscaping of this area was designed by Herman J. Schwarzmann, and is the only known example of their work in the state. In 1899 the cemetery's size was doubled by the acquisition of a trapezoidal parcel on the north side of North Market Street. This section was laid out by the cemetery's superintendent, Goldsmith C. Nailor. The northern section is the location of the state's first community mausoleum, a Classical Revival structure built in 1917 to a pattern design by the American Mausoleum Company of Clyde, Ohio. The cemetery was founded and established by a consortium of Wilmington fraternal and social organizations as the Riverview Cemetery Company. Today, it is owned and operated by the Friends of Historic Riverview Cemetery.
The cemetery was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.
Notable burials
Richard McMullen (1868–1944), Delaware Governor
John Shilling (1832–1884), American Civil War Medal of Honor recipient
George Lovington "Sassafrass" Winter (1878–1951), MLB pitcher
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wilmington, Delaware
References
External links
Cemetery web site
Wilmington, Delaware
Cemeteries in Delaware
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Delaware
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Delaware
National Register of Historic Places in Wilmington, Delaware
Djiboutian art is the artistic culture of the Somali, Afar both historical and contemporary. A lot of Djibouti's original art is passed on and preserved orally, mainly through song. The oldest evidence of art in Balho are pre-historic rock paintings. Many examples of Islamic, Ottoman, and French influences can also be noted in the local buildings, which contain plaster work, carefully constructed motifs and calligraphy. There is no tangible art present, except the beautifully preserved buildings demonstrating Islamic, French and Ottoman architectural elements.
References
Djiboutian culture
Ken LaZebnik (original Czech surname Lazebník) (born November 11, 1954) is an American writer, best known for their work in television, film, and theatre. Their work has appeared in films such as A Prairie Home Companion and in television shows Touched by an Angel and Star Trek: Enterprise. LaZebnik's screenplay On the Spectrum earned them a Steinberg Award from the American Theatre Critics Association.
LaZebnik is the founder and director of the Master of Fine Arts in TV and Screenwriting program at Stephens College, a low residency program based in Hollywood.  They are also the author of the 2014 book Hollywood Digs: An Archeology of Shadows, a collection of essays about personal encounters with Hollywood history.
Career
Television and film
LaZebnik has an extensive career writing for film and television. For eight years they wrote for Touched By An Angel, an American supernatural drama series distributed by CBS.  They are also credited with writing three specials for the PBS In Concert at the White House series. Additional television credits include being a contributing writer for Army Wives, Providence, Star Trek: Enterprise, and the Hallmark Channel series When Calls the Heart.
LaZebnik was the writer for Thomas Kinkade's Christmas Cottage a Lionsgate film released in 2008 which starred Peter O'Toole and Marcia Gay Harden. They also have a shared story credit with Garrison Keillor on the film A Prairie Home Companion, directed by Robert Altman.
Theater
LaZebnik's work also include eleven plays produced throughout the United States. They have written two plays on the subject of baseball, both of which were commissioned by the Mixed Blood Theatre Company and directed by its artistic director Jack Reuler. The first play, Calvinisms, was a one-man show about former Minnesota Twins owner Calvin Griffith. The second, League of Nations, is a fictional story set in a bullpen in the midst of a multi-cultural divide.
LaZebnik has written three plays dealing with autism which have had runs at the Mixed Blood Theatre Company. Their play On the Spectrum premiered at the theatre and was awarded a Steinberg Citation from the American Theatre Critics Association. It later had a successful run in Los Angeles at the Fountain Theatre. Theory of The Mind was commissioned for young audiences by the Cincinnati Playhouse in the Park and has also been produced in Minnesota, Hawaii and Michigan. Vestibular Sense was LaZebnik's first play written with a theme and characters centered around autism.
LaZebnik's most recent work, Rachel Calof, was chosen to be performed at the 2015 United Solo Festival in New York City. Rachel Calof is a one-woman show adapted from the memoir of a Jewish homesteader in North Dakota and stars Kate Fuglei.
Other works include African Jazz, The Garden of Joy, Harlem Renaissance Revue, Sink Eating and Black Magic which they co-wrote with Jack Reuler and Bob DeFlores.
Books and journals
In 1981, LaZebnik founded The Minneapolis Review of Baseball, a quarterly journal of writing on baseball. It featured baseball fiction, poetry, history, and editorials on the game. Authors who wrote for the magazine included Garrison Keillor, Sen. Eugene McCarthy, Steve Lehman, and Bart Schneider. An anthology was published in 1989: The Best of the Minneapolis Review of Baseball. LaZebnik and Steve Lehman also collaborated on a children's baseball ABC book, A Is For At Bat. LaZebnik has written about baseball for The New York Times, Manhattan, inc., and City Pages.
LaZebnik's latest book is Hollywood Digs: An Archaeology of Shadows, published by Kelly's Cove Press in 2014. It is a collection of essays about personal encounters with shards of Hollywood history, including profiles of stuntman/actor Jock Mahoney, the real-life "Gidget," writer Melville Shavelson, and essays on pieces of Hollywood history, such as F. Scott Fitzgerald's tenancy on the San Fernando Valley estate of film butler Edward Everett Horton.
Academia
LaZebnik is the founder and director of the Master of Fine Arts in TV and Screenwriting program at Stephens College, a low residency program based in Hollywood. The program is geared more towards women, but is open to both men and women. Students are paired with a mentor in screenwriting for both television and film, with a goal of boosting the number of women who work in the film industry. The program sends students to Jim Henson Company Studios for 10 days each semester. Partial funding for the program came from Alex Trebek, a friend of LaZebnik, who endowed a chair in the program for screenwriting. Prior to Stephens, LaZebnik worked as an adjunct professor at Pepperdine University since 2010. LaZebnik is currently the Director of the TV Writers Studio (TVWS) at Long Island University in Brooklyn, New York.
Published works
Select film and television credits
Select theatre credits
Bibliography
References
External links
Ken LaZebnik official website
American television writers
American male television writers
1954 births
Living people
Screenwriters from Pennsylvania
People from Levittown, Pennsylvania
Girl at Them Volcano is a 10" or 12" vinyl EP consisting mainly of cover versions, and the third release by musician Rickie Lee Jones.
Overview
After touring through much of 1982 following the release of Pirates, Rickie Lee Jones released the Girl at Them Volcano EP. It contains three live recordings, a few new studio ones and recordings left over from earlier studio sessions. "Hey, Bub" was the first song originally written by Jones for Pirates in September 1979.
The live recording of "Something Cool" was not included on the original vinyl EP release, but on the Musicassette release of the same year and later on CD pressings. Earlier recordings of this song can be found on June Christy's 1954 album Something Cool, and Julie London's 1960 album Around Midnight (which features also "Lush Life"). Other cover versions on the EP include the Left Banke's "Walk Away Renée" (famously covered by the Four Tops), the Drifters' classic "Under the Boardwalk", the American songbook standard "My Funny Valentine" and the little-known Lani Hall original "So Long".
Track listing
"Lush Life" (Billy Strayhorn) – 5:29 - Recorded live at Perkins Palace, Pasadena, CA, April 17, 1982 - Michael Ruff (piano), Reggie McBride (bass), Tony Braunagel (drums)
"Letter from the 9th Ward / Walk Away Renée" (Rickie Lee Jones / Michael Brown, Tony Sansone, Bob Calilli) – 4:28 - Recorded March 1, 1983 - Michael Fisher (percussion), Michael Ruff, Michael Boddicker, Rickie Lee Jones (synthesizers), Reggie McBride (bass)
"Hey, Bub" (Rickie Lee Jones) – 2:20 - Recorded January 20, 1983 - Michael Boddicker, Rickie Lee Jones (synthesizers).
"My Funny Valentine" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 3:51 - Recorded live at The Roxy, Los Angeles, April 18, 1982 - Michael Ruff (piano)
"Under the Boardwalk" (Arthur Resnick, Kenny Young) – 3:23 - Recorded March 8, 1983 - Victor Feldman (percussion, marimba), Lenny Castro (congas, triple scale); Leslie Smith, Michael Ruff, Arno Lucas, Sal Bernardi (vocalizing)
"Rainbow Sleeves" (Tom Waits) – 3:41 - Recorded December 4, 1978 - Randy Kerber (piano), strings arranged by Johnny Mandel
"So Long" (Neil Larsen, Lani Hall) – 2:06 - Neil Larsen (Fender Rhodes), Michael Ruff (vocals), Earle Dumler (oboe)
"Something Cool" (Bill Barnes) – 3:49 - Bonus track on 1983 Musicassette release only, and 1990 CD release - Recorded live at Theater Carré, Amsterdam, September 3, 1979 - Neil Larsen, Lyle Mays (keyboards), Lenny Castro (percussion)
Personnel
Studio Rhythm Section:
Rickie Lee Jones – lead vocals, piano, synthesizer
Reggie McBride – bass
Michael Ruff – Fender Rhodes
Dean Parks – guitar
Victor Feldman – percussion, marimba
Nathan East – bass
Art Rodriguez – drums
Michael Boddicker – synthesizer
Mike Fisher – percussion
Lenny Castro – congas
Randy Kerber – piano
Tony Braunagel – drums
Horns:
Chuck Findley – trumpet
Larry Williams – tenor saxophone
Earl Dannar – oboe
Strings:
Eddie Karam – conductor
Harry Bluestone – concertmaster
Frank DeCaro – string contractor
Nick DeCaro – strings and horn arrangements (except "Rainbow Sleeves")
Recording notes
Engineered and mixed by Mark Linett at Warner Bros. Recording Studios (Amigo) using 3M Digital System
Second engineers: Margaret Gwynne, Ken Tract
"So Long" and "Rainbow Sleeves" were originally recorded by Lee Herschberg
Production Assistance: JoAnn Tominaga, Annie Streer, Mark Linett, Steve Baker, Karen Appere, Liz Rosenberg
Mobile Recording facilities "courtesy" Record Plant
Additional Recording at Jennifudy Studios, L.A.
Digitally Mastered by Bobby Hata at Warner Bros. Recording Studios
Album design by Rickie Lee Jones and Jeri McManus
Cover drawing by Rickie Lee Jones
Back cover photography by Craig Dietz
“Champion to the Teninch Protagonist”: Bob Regehr
“Here is "Valentine," to my father, memories hurling these songs under their volcano”
References
Liner notes from Japanese CD release WPCP-3710
External links
Rickie Lee Jones albums
1983 debut EPs
Warner Records EPs
Ferrante Rocchi Lanoir (born 11 April 1956) is a former professional tennis player from Italy.
Biography
A left-handed player from San Benedetto del Tronto, Rocchi played on the professional tour in the 1980s. Their best performance on the Grand Prix circuit came in doubles when they partnered with Roberto Vizcaíno to make the semi-finals of the 1984 Tel Aviv Open. As a singles player they had a top ranking of 153 and reached the round of 16 at Saint-Vincent in 1986.
Rocchi is the Director of the Villa Carpena tennis complex in Forlì.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Italian male tennis players
People from San Benedetto del Tronto
Sportspeople from the Province of Ascoli Piceno
The 1880 Stevens football team represented Stevens Institute of Technology as an independent during the 1880 college football season. The team compiled a 1–4 record and was outscored by its opponents, 20 to 3.
Schedule
References
Stevens
Stevens Tech Ducks football seasons
Stevens football
The 2005 WPA World Nine-ball Championship was the 16th edition of the WPA World Championship for 9-Ball Pool. It took place from July 2 to 10, 2005 in the Taiwanese city, Kaohsiung.
Taiwanese Wu Chia-ching won the championship with a 17–16 victory in the final against compatriot Kuo Po-Cheng. Defending champion Alex Pagulayan was eliminated by Vilmos Földes in the round of 32.
Format
The 128 participating players were divided into 16 groups, in which they competed in round robin mode against each other. The top four players in each group qualified for the final round played in the knockout system, featuring the remaining 64 players.
Group stage
The following players exited the competition in the group stage:
Final round
References
See also
List of sporting events in Taiwan
List of WPA World Nine-ball champions
External links
Live scoring at WPA-pool.com
Empire Poker WPA World Pool Championship 2005 at azbilliards.com
2004
WPA World Nine-ball Championship
WPA World Nine-ball Championship
International sports competitions hosted by Taiwan
Zoran Mustur (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Мустур) is a former water polo player. As a member of Yugoslavia's water polo team they won a silver medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.
See also
List of Olympic medalists in water polo (men)
References
External links
1953 births
Living people
Yugoslav male water polo players
Olympic medalists in water polo
Olympic silver medalists for Yugoslavia
Olympic water polo players of Yugoslavia
Water polo players at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Medalists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Rijeka
Mediterranean Games medalists in water polo
Mediterranean Games gold medalists for Yugoslavia
Competitors at the 1979 Mediterranean Games
Tetragenococcus is a gram-positive, facultatively aerobic, moderately halophilic and nonmotile bacterial genus from the family of Enterococcaceae.
References
Further reading
Enterococcaceae
Bacteria genera
Take It Home is Canadian singer Tom Cochrane's sixth solo studio album and second album for Universal Music Canada, released on February 10, 2015. Cochrane wrote all of the album with the exception of Sunday Afternoon Hang which they co-wrote with Danielle Bourjeaurd.
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Tom Cochrane albums
Universal Records albums
Albums recorded at Metalworks Studios
The dredge valve is a component of a Cutter Suction Dredge or a Trailing Suction Hopper Dredger that is used control the flow of water and sand in the suction and discharge pipes of one of these types of dredgers.
There are 3 cases when this vertical valve can block or reduce the mixture flow of water and sand by lowering its gate:
1.from the hopper of the TSHD to the discharge pipe.
2.from the dredge cutter head of the CSD to the ship
3.from the dredge drag head of the TSHD to the ship
The dredge valve's gate is hydraulically control and it has raised a lot of challenges because of maintaining it clean. The gate can be blocked by the sand that enter thorough the dredge valve causing a lot of damages. Because of this reason the dredge valve has a lot of water flushing canals in order to keep it clean.
See also
Gate valve
Dredgers
Hooghly or Hughli can refer to:
Places
Hooghly, West Bengal, colonial port town now part of Hugli-Chinsura
Hooghly district, established 1795, containing the above town
Hooghly (Lok Sabha constituency)
Hooghly River
Ships
Hooghly (1819 ship), a British merchant ship, launched in 1819
Hooghly-class fuel barge, watercraft of the Indian Navy
HMIS Hooghly (K330), an Indian pilot vessel and former Canadian frigate
Francis Griffin C.S.Sp. (1893-1983) was an Irish Spiritan priest who served as Superior General of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit (Spiritans) from 1950 until 1962.
Born in Kilmurray, County Clare in 1893, they were educated locally in Kilmurray and Mullagh and then at Rockwell College from 1907 until 1911, Griffin went to Kimmage Manor to join the Spiritans. Attending University College Dublin studying Irish and French. They taught in Blackrock College from 1913 until 1916, when they moved to Switzerland.
They were ordained in 1920 in Switzerland, Fr. Griffin studied at University of Fribourg in Switzerland, earning a STL in 1921.
Fr Griffin was elected Superior General of the Congregation of the Holy Spirit in 1950, the first non-Frenchman to hold that post.
References
1893 births
1983 deaths
People from County Clare
Holy Ghost Fathers
Irish Spiritans
20th-century Irish Roman Catholic priests
University of Fribourg alumni
Alumni of University College Dublin
People educated at Rockwell College
The 1930 Pennsylvania gubernatorial election occurred on November 4, 1930. Incumbent Republican governor John Stuchell Fisher was not a candidate for re-election. Republican candidate and former governor Gifford Pinchot defeated Democratic candidate John M. Hemphill to win a second, non-consecutive term as Governor of Pennsylvania.
This was the only election from 1863 until 1950 in which the Democratic candidate carried the city and county of Philadelphia, which was controlled by a powerful Republican political machine during that time. Hemphill won the city in a landslide with the support of Philadelphia Republican boss William Scott Vare, who abandoned Pinchot over their refusal to certify Vare's election as United States Senator in 1926. Hemphill won 226,811 votes on the Liberal Party line in Philadelphia, nearly twice the vote they received on the Democratic ticket.
After Pinchot's election, Vare was ousted as party boss.
Background
1926 United States Senate election
In 1926, Gifford Pinchot (then Governor of Pennsylvania) and William Scott Vare (U.S. Representative and boss of the powerful Philadelphia political machine) both challenged incumbent United States Senator George W. Pepper in the Republican primary. Pepper carried nearly every county in the state, but Vare won the race narrowly, thanks to a 224,000 vote margin in Philadelphia County. Vare went on to win the general election by a wider margin, again relying on a large margin from Philadelphia.
Pinchot, acting in their role as governor, declined to certify the results of Vare's election. After a year-long review of the contested election, the Senate voted 58–22 not to seat Vare on the grounds that they had fraudulently and extravagantly financed their campaign against Pepper. During the lengthy investigation, Vare suffered a stroke brought on by stress.
Results
|-
|-bgcolor="#EEEEEE"
| colspan="3" align="right" | Totals
| align="right" | 2,105,381
| align="right" | 100.00%
|}
References
1930
Pennsylvania
Gubernatorial
November 1930 events
The Lover (French: L'Amant) is an autobiographical novel by Marguerite Duras, published in 1984 by Les Éditions de Minuit. It has been translated into 43 languages and was awarded the 1984 Prix Goncourt. It was adapted to film in 1992 as The Lover.
Plot summary
Set against the backdrop of French Indochina, The Lover reveals the intimacies and intricacies of a clandestine romance between a pubescent girl from a financially strapped French family and an older, wealthy Chinese-Vietnamese man.
In 1929, a 15-year-old nameless girl is traveling by ferry across the Mekong Delta, returning from a holiday at their family home in the town of Sa Đéc to their boarding school in Saigon. They attract the attention of a 27-year-old son of a Chinese business magnate, a young man of wealth and heir to a fortune. They strike up a conversation with the girl; they accept a ride back to town in their chauffeured limousine.
Compelled by the circumstances of their upbringing, this girl, the daughter of a bankrupt, manic depressive widow, is newly awakened to the impending and all-too-real task of making their way alone in the world. Thus, they become their lover, until they bow to the disapproval of their father and breaks off the affair.
For their lover, there is no question of the depth and sincerity of their love, but it is not until much later that the girl acknowledges to themselves their true feelings.
Published versions
There are two published versions of The Lover: one written in the form of an autobiography, without any superimposed temporal structures, as the young girl narrates in first-person; the other, called The North China Lover and released in conjunction with the film version of the work, is in film script form, in the third person, with written dialogue and without internal monologue. This second version also contains more humor than the original.
In the first version of Avital Inbar's Hebrew translation (Maariv publishers, 1986), there is (page 11) an excerpt, dictated by Marguerite Duras on the phone to their translator; a section that does not appear in any other version of the book.
Barbara Bray's English translation won the Scott Moncrieff Prize and PEN/Book-of-the-Month Club Translation Prize in 1986.
Real-life connections
Duras published The Lover when they were 70, 55 years after they met Léo, the Chinese man of their story (his legal name was Huỳnh Thủy Lê). They wrote about their experience in three works: The Sea Wall, The Lover, and The North China Lover.
References
External links
L'Amant at the Editions de Minuit homepage
1984 French novels
Novels by Marguerite Duras
French autobiographical novels
French novels adapted into films
Novels about ephebophilia
Interracial romance novels
Novels set in Vietnam
Prix Goncourt winning works
The Rarities are the eighth compilation album by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey, released on October 2, 2020, by Columbia and Legacy Records. It is a part of "#MC30", a promotional campaign marking the 30th anniversary of Carey's self-titled debut studio album, Mariah Carey (1990), and coincides with their memoir The Meaning of Mariah Carey (2020). Featuring previously unreleased material "with personal relevance and meaning" to Carey—some of which are discussed in their memoir—the album also includes a second disc consisting of audio from their March 7, 1996, live performance at the Tokyo Dome during their Daydream World Tour. A Blu-ray disc featuring enhanced video footage from the concert was released exclusively in Japan.
Background
To celebrate and promote the 30th anniversary of their self-titled debut studio album, Mariah Carey and their memoir The Meaning of Mariah Carey, Carey announced the release of their eighth compilation album. Carey stated on Good Morning America that,
"Basically, I found stuff in my vault that I had either started to work on a long time ago and never released or that I wanted to finish mixing or do whatever. But they're songs that have previously not been released."
Music and content
The album consists of a 15-track collection of unreleased songs, B-sides, demos and live performances. The album also features Carey's Daydream World Tour concert at the Tokyo Dome, recorded in March 1996, which includes live renditions from their hits, including "Emotions", "Fantasy", "One Sweet Day", "Vision of Love", "Hero", "All I Want for Christmas Is You", among others.
The album begins with "Here We Go Around Again" in which Idolator writer Mike Wass stated was "hard to understand how something this effortlessly charming and catchy didn't make the tracklist of Mariah's debut album." Carey channeled the Jackson 5 on this "buoyant bop from 1990, sounding so innocent that they can barely contain the sheer joy of relishing in their own melismatic powers." "Can You Hear Me" was described as "a stunning ballad, and was originally penned for Emotions (1991)". Carey has stated that the song was also written for Barbra Streisand. The previously released B-side songs include "Do You Think of Me" which was featured on the B-side of Carey's "Dreamlover", "Slipping Away" on the B-side of "Always Be My Baby" and "Everything Fades Away" on the B-side of "Hero" and also included as a bonus track on international editions of Carey's third studio album, Music Box (1993). The three B-sides were described as "legendary within The Lambily for good reason".
"All I Live For", a Music Box reject, was described as "90s R&B-lite". Carey's work on "One Night" was also an "urban groove that probably scared the execs at Columbia at the time" and was "one of Mariah's first collaborations with Jermaine Dupri, a creative relationship that would bear a lot of fruit in coming years." Carey's cover of Irene Cara's "Out Here on My Own" was described as being "heaven-sent and, thematically, it makes complete sense for [Carey]." The song is a piano ballad. "Loverboy" was previously released on Carey's Glitter soundtrack in 2001 and The Rarities features an original mix of the song which samples the 1978 Yellow Magic Orchestra song "Firecracker", which is said to have sparked the feud between Carey and Jennifer Lopez. "I Pray" was described by The New York Post writer Chuck Arnold, as "one of the most straight-up spiritual things Carey has ever done, with a choir helping them to take it all the way to church." "Cool On You" continues the R&B sound and "stems from E=MC² era and finds [Carey] in full club mode [...] It's light and feathery fun that gets stuck in your head after the very first listen." "Mesmerized" is a "curiously sedate mid-tempo that was supposed to appear in The Paperboy."
Along with the live performance at the Dome, the album also features a live rendition of the jazz ballad, "Lullaby of Birdland", in which Carey performed live at The Elusive Chanteuse Show in 2014 and was originally meant to feature on their album, Me. I Am Mariah... The Elusive Chanteuse (2014) which was then titled The Art of Letting Go. The lead single "Save the Day" with Ms. Lauryn Hill was "as timely as a song that was written in 2011 can be" and met with mixed reviews. One of the higher praised songs on the album was a 2020 re-recording of Carey's "Close My Eyes" from their album Butterfly (1997) which was described as a "real jewel in the crown" and that "few songs capture the power of the superstar's voice and pen as well as this."
Promotion
On August 19, 2020, Carey announced the pre-order of The Rarities on their social media platforms, along with its release date of October 2, 2020. They performed "Vision of Love" and "Close My Eyes" during the Good Morning America concert series. On September 12, 2020, a music video was released for "Save the Day" to commemorate female tennis players. Upon release of the album, Carey released their full concert at the Tokyo Dome on their Vevo channel. On October 23, 2020, to further promote "Save the Day", Carey released a lyric video for the song which encouraged viewers to vote as well as paying tribute to "Breonna Taylor, Congressman John Lewis, trans activist and writer Raquel Willis, Sojourner Truth, Fredrick Douglass, and essential workers on the frontlines of the pandemic, with portraits drawn by artist Molly Crabapple."
#MC30
In the weeks leading up to the album, Carey released "digital EPs, remixes, bonus cuts, rare tracks, a cappella renditions and live performances" from their discography under the coined hashtag "#MC30". Them first release was on July 17, 2020 where they released a digital-only EP, The Live Debut – 1990, which featured a live performance from Carey's debut showcase at New York City's Club Tatou on October 22, 1990.
To further promote their 30th anniversary and the release of The Rarities, Carey released EP remixes of their songs: "There's Got to Be a Way", "Someday", "Emotions", "Make It Happen", "Dreamlover", "Never Forget You", "Anytime You Need a Friend", "Fantasy", "One Sweet Day", "Always Be My Baby", "Underneath the Stars", "Honey", "Butterfly", "The Roof", "Breakdown", "My All", "Sweetheart", "I Still Believe" and "Theme from Mahogany (Do You Know Where You're Going To)". They also released a Spanish EP titled Mariah en Español featuring Spanish versions of their songs "My All", "Open Arms" and "Hero". After the release of the album, Carey picked up at where they left off on their "#MC30" campaign and released EP remixes for "Heartbreaker", "Can't Take That Away (Mariah's Theme)", "Thank God I Found You" and "Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)".
Among music releases, Carey has also released their live video performances on their Vevo channel from BBC One's Top of the Pops along with what Billboard described as "spruced-up" versions of their album discography in vinyl format. On November 13, 2020, Carey released an unreleased music video for "Underneath the Stars" filmed in 1996 and teased months earlier for "#MC30" on Carey's Instagram. In 2021, they resumed "#MC30" releases with EP's for the songs "Through the Rain", "Boy (I Need You)", "I Only Wanted", "The One", "Bringin' On the Heartbreak", "It's Like That", "We Belong Together", "Shake It Off", "Don't Forget About Us", "Say Somethin'", "Your Girl", "Touch My Body", "I Stay in Love", "I'll Be Lovin' U Long Time", "I'm That Chick" and "Joy to the World".
Singles
The album's lead single, "Save the Day", was released on August 21, 2020. The song charted at number 12 on Billboard's US Hot R&B Songs. "Out Here on My Own" was released as the second single on September 18, 2020. The album's third single, a limited edition cassette single for "Here We Go Around Again" with "Loverboy (Firecracker – Original Version)" as a B-side was released in Japan on December 11, 2020. The double-sided single charted at number 59 in Japan for a week on December 21, 2020.
Critical reception
Upon release, the compilation album received generally positive reviews. On the review aggregator website Metacritic the album has a score of a 74 out of 100 based on reviews from 6 critics. Variety writer Jeremy Helligar gave the album high praise stating that, "unlike many of the pop queens that followed them up the charts, Carey can craft a hit without a cast of millions [...] and even as they switch up their emphasis from crossover pop to hip hop to adult soul, there's a common thread of Mariah-ness running through everything." They gave praise to Carey's 2020 rendition of their classic, "Close My Eyes" from their sixth studio album Butterfly stating that, "Her vocals [...] are lovely and understated, even when she's hitting their legendary whistle notes. They went on to say negatively that, "there are a few clunkers like their messy live take on the jazz classic "Lullaby of Birdland" [...] there should be a method to the madness. Unfortunately, Mariah's take on jazz chanteuse is more madness than method; suffice it to say she's no Sarah Vaughan." They also criticized "Save the Day" stating that "Ms. Lauryn Hill's vocals have been cleverly interpolated" but called it a "rare lyrical misstep" saying that "what the world needs now is something more probing and specific than another string of peace homilies."
Los Angeles Times pop-music critic Mikael Wood also praised the album stating that the only negative aspect was that it did not "include anything from the out-of-print [...] alt-rock album that Carey secretly made in 1995 under the band name Chick." They praised the song "Here We Go Around Again" stating that their vocals were "precise as always" and praised their writing style saying that it was "already in a tune whose darting melody evokes the comings and goings of a guy who can't make up their mind about her." Idolator writer Mike Wass also praised the album saying that "a collection of unreleased songs and B-Sides has no right being this good". They stated that "The Rarities is obviously essential listening for fans, but well worth diving into for general music lovers. After all, this is an important piece of pop history." NME writer Nick Levine, gave the album three out of five stars stating that the album "goes heavier on Carey's ballads than their edgier, hip-hop-influenced material of the late '90s onwards, but there's a delicious sense of revenge being served cold in the inclusion of "Loverboy" with its original sample." Rated R&B writer, Keithan Samuels, gave the album honourable mention on the publication's 30 Best R&B Albums of 2020 list. They stated, "Since their introduction, Carey has released songs that have shifted culture and have been the soundtrack to many of our lives [...] With The Rarities, Carey flips the script and allows the world to access the secret soundtrack that they have been curating unobtrusively." In describing the album, The Cavalier Daily writer Darryle Aldridge stated that it "lets fans and critics into a glimpse of [Carey's] true self, particularly the R&B siren that masqueraded as a tight-laced girl-next-door during their reign in the ‘90s." They went on to say that the album "is prime Mariah without the glitz, glamour or melodramatic flairs that shot them to fame."
Commercial performance
In the United States, The Rarities debuted and peaked at number 31 on the Billboard 200 chart with 21,000 album equivalent units, 14,800 units are pure album sales. The album also debuted on Billboards Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums at number 15. On the UK Albums chart, the album debuted at number 44. The album also debuted and peaked inside the top-twenty in Australia and Spain, the top-thirty in Japan, Scotland and Switzerland, and the top-forty in Belgium, Croatia and Poland.
Track listing
Credits from the album's liner notes.Notes signifies a co-producer
signifies a musical directorSample credits'
"Loverboy" contains a sample of "Firecracker" by the Yellow Magic Orchestra (1978).
"Save the Day" contains elements of "Killing Me Softly" by the Fugees (1996).
"Fantasy" contains a sample and interpolation of "Genius of Love" by Tom Tom Club (1981).
"Dreamlover" contains a sample of "Blind Alley" by The Emotions (1972).
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
2020 compilation albums
Mariah Carey compilation albums
Kalayum Kaminiyum is a 1963 Indian Malayalam language film. E. J. Philip, popularly known by their pen name Kaanam E. J., was known for their social novels. Some of them were made into films. They wrote a few plays too. One of their short plays, Kalayum Changalayum, became very popular after it was published in a Malayalam weekly. P. Subramaniam came up with the screen version of this play under the title Kalayum Kaminiyum. The film was also directed by Subramaniam.
The film was a box office success and went on to win the National award for the second best film in Malayalam under the regional films category.
Plot
Geetha (Shanthi) loves Ravi (Prem Nazir), an artist and renowned playwright. Geetha is the only daughter of their uncle (Thikkurissi). But Ravi is in love with their classmate Usha (Ragini). As time goes by Ravi make a name for themselves as a playwright. They marry Usha, which leaves Geetha heartbroken. But they do not reveal the reasons for their emotional setback.
The gossip mongering servant Panki (Adoor Pankajam) spins stories and spreads rumours about Ravi and Geetha. This upsets Ravi's peaceful family life. Usha starts suspecting their husband. Panki makes Usha believe that Ravi loves Geetha more than them Ravi even goes to the extent of persuading Geetha to marry. But Geetha is adamant that they will not marry.
Prompted by one of their friends, Ravi decides to send an entry to a national level drama competition. The actor who was supposed to play the female lead falls ill just before the competition. Geetha offers help Ravi by agreeing to play this role, this despite their father's opposition.
Geetha's father dies while they are in Delhi for the competition. Ravi once again requests them to reconsider their decision about marriage. This conversation between Ravi and Geetha is misrepresented by Panki. And Usha is made to believe that Ravi is going to marry Geetha. In a fit of jealousy and fury, Usha decides to take revenge. They take Geetha on a car drive. Ravi follows them in another car. They meet with an accident and is hospitalised.
That is when news arrives that Ravi's play is adjudged winner. But even before they find out about their win Ravi breathes theirs last.
The film ends with a message that mutual trust is the foundation of happy married life; suspicion can only help ruin peace and happiness in the family, resulting in tragedy.
Cast
Prem Nazir
Ragini
Kaviyoor Ponnamma
Thikkurissy Sukumaran Nair
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
S. P. Pillai
G. K. Pillai
Adoor Pankajam
Sreekantan Nair
Aranmula Ponnamma
Kalaikkal Kumaran
Gopalakrishnan
K. V. Shanthi
Soundtrack
The music was composed by M. B. Sreenivasan and the lyrics were written by Thirunayinaarkurichi Madhavan Nair and P. Bhaskaran.
References
http://www.malayalachalachithram.com/movie.php?i=109
1963 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Films directed by P. Subramaniam
The Botanischer Garten Münster (4.6 hectares) is a botanical garden maintained by the University of Münster (Westfälische Wilhelms-Universität Münster).
Location
It is located directly behind the Prince Bishop's Castle, within the castle grounds at 3 Schloßgarten, Münster, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, and open daily free of charge.
History
The garden was begun in 1803 by Freiherr vom Stein for the university's medical faculty, with first greenhouses built in 1804. From 1806–1815, during the occupation of Westphalia by French troops and the Congress of Vienna, its emphasis changed from medicinal plants to a primary focus on indigenous plants. Its first seed catalog issued in 1827, and its orangery was constructed in 1840. Noted botanist Carl Correns (1864–1933) directed the garden from 1909–1915, with the first tropical greenhouse built in 1935. The garden was severely damaged during World War II, with all its greenhouses destroyed. Even so in 1952 the garden was partially restored and five greenhouses had been rebuilt. An artificial stream, meadow, and moor were created during the 1990s, and in 2005 a new medicinal garden added.
Plants in display
Today the garden contains about 8,000 species, including a major collection of 230 of the 280 known Pelargonium species. In addition to ten greenhouses (total area about 2,000 m²), major garden sections are as follows:
Source:
Alpine garden with plants from the Alps and Pyrenees
Arboretum, as well as birch-oak forest and Tilia-beech trees
Australia and New Zealand plants
Cottage garden from the 1900s, featuring vegetables and herbs
Mediterranean plants, kept in the orangery in cold months
Moor and heath
Systematic garden of seed plants
Tropical house
Victoria House, containing Victoria regia
The garden contains a good selection of rare and mature tree specimens in its arboretum, including orange trees that are over 200 years old.
See also
European Garden Heritage Network
List of botanical gardens in Germany
References
Sources
Botanischer Garten Münster
BGCI entry
Rolf Wiermann, Der Botanische Garten der Universität Münster: 200 Jahre Geschichte, Landwirtschaftsverlag, Münster, 2003. .
External links
360°-panorama picture of the garden (tropical house) im Kulturatlas Westfalen (Flash-Player needed)
Munster, Botanischer Garten
Munster, Botanischer Garten
University of Münster
Münster
Rhys Moller (born 12 January 1989) is an Australian motorcycle racer. They have been a competitor in their home Grand Prix in the 125cc World Championship as a wild card rider.
Career statistics
Grand Prix motorcycle racing
By season
Races by year
References
External links
Profile on MotoGP.com
1989 births
Living people
Australian motorcycle racers
125cc World Championship riders
Sportspeople from Ballarat
BMS-564,929 is an investigational selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) which is being developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb for treatment of the symptoms of age-related decline in androgen levels in men ("andropause"). These symptoms may include depression, loss of muscle mass and strength, reduction in libido and osteoporosis. Treatment with exogenous testosterone is effective in counteracting these symptoms but is associated with a range of side effects, the most serious of which is enlargement of the prostate gland, which can lead to benign prostatic hypertrophy and even prostate cancer. This means there is a clinical need for selective androgen receptor modulators, which produce anabolic effects in some tissues such as muscle and bone, but without stimulating androgen receptors in the prostate.
BMS-564,929 is one such compound currently in early human clinical trials, which is an orally active, potent and selective agonist for androgen receptors (Ki 2.1nM, 20x functional selectivity for muscle tissue over prostate) and in studies on castrated rats it was shown to counteract decrease in muscle mass over time, and at higher doses even increased muscle mass, without significantly affecting prostate tissue. It does however vastly reduce luteinizing hormone levels, it being an astonishing 33× more suppressive compound than testosterone, which may be a problem in human clinical use.
Selective androgen receptor modulators may also be used by athletes to assist in training and increase physical stamina and fitness, potentially producing effects similar to anabolic steroids but with significantly fewer side effects. For this reason, SARMs have already been banned by the World Anti-Doping Agency since January 2008 despite no drugs from this class yet being in clinical use, and blood tests for all known SARMs are currently being developed.
References
External links
Crystal Structure Of The Rat Androgen Receptor Ligand Binding Domain Complex With Bms-564929 at Protein Data Bank
Secondary alcohols
Bristol Myers Squibb
Chlorobenzenes
Imides
Lactams
Nitriles
Pyrroloimidazoles
Selective androgen receptor modulators
Ureas
Tophet Bastion () is a conspicuous ice-capped rock wall, 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) long, with an apron of talus. It stands 1 nautical mile (1.9 km) east of Saunders Point on the south coast of Coronation Island in the South Orkney Islands. Roughly surveyed in 1933 by DI personnel. The name, which is biblical, was applied by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) following their survey of 1948–49.
Ice caps of Antarctica
Bodies of ice of the South Orkney Islands
Andrea "Andi" Tóth (born 18 January 1999) is a Hungarian actor and singer, most notable for winning of the fifth series of X-Faktor, acting in the television show Válótársak, and for participating in A Dal.
Life
Tóth was born in Oradea (Nagyvárad), in Romania on 18 January 1999. They have been interested in singing since childhood and went to the Lyceum of Arts in their hometown, where they studied drawing. By age 13, they had already participated in various competitions and small performances. In 2014, they participated in the fifth season of X Faktor, of which they did not duel until the finale, and won. They became one youngest winners in X Factor history, as well as the first winner in Hungary from the Girls category. They were mentored by Róbert Szikora.
In 2015, the then 16-year-old released their first music video for Legyek én!, and was cast in Madách Theatre's production of Les Misérables. They then are a part of a new series on RTL Klub, Válótársak, as Noémi Jakab.
In 2016, they participated in A Dal 2016, the 2016 of the national selection of Hungary for the Eurovision Song Contest, in a duet with Olivér Berkes, with the song "Seven Seas". In 2016, they also released Itt vagyok! and Tovább.
They competed in A Dal 2017 with the song "I've got a Fire" and was eliminated in the second heat.
They currently act at the Madách Theatre. They last played Eponine in Les Misérables.
Songs sung at X-Faktor
Legyen valami
Let's Get Rocked
Purple Rain
Walk This Way
Right Here Waiting
The Show Must Go On
Free Your Mind
Jailhouse Rock
Cabaret
Ő még csak most 14
Sweet Child O' Mine
No Diggity/Shout
Elég volt
I Will Always Love You
One Night Only
Játszom
Shake up Christmas
Legyek én! (Winning song)
Discography
Chart-topping songs
References
Further reading
Tóth Andi: „Szerintem a legjobb úton haladok” (kozpont.ro, 2015. augusztus 24.) (Hungarian)
External links
1999 births
People from Oradea
Living people
Romanian musicians of Hungarian descent
21st-century Hungarian women singers
21st-century Hungarian actores
Hungarian child actores
The flag of the City of Nelson represents Nelson, New Zealand. The flag is flown from many public buildings and other landmarks in Nelson including Christ Church Cathedral. It is also intended for public use and is often seen flying from private residences in the city.
The flag was designed and commissioned by the City of Nelson Civic Trust and was adopted as the city's civic flag by the Nelson City Council in 1987.
Design
The flag is based on the City of Nelson's coat of arms. The top third of the flag is blue, a colour strongly associated with Nelson including use by many sports teams. The bottom two thirds consist of alternating blue and white horizontal wavy stripes, which represent Nelson's relationship to the sea. Emblazoned upon the striped section is a black cross flory, taken from the arms of Lord Nelson. Above the cross, upon the blue section is a mitre with fringed lappets flowing from either side, for Nelson has been the seat of the bishop of Nelson since 1858.
References
See also
List of New Zealand flags
Politics of Nelson, New Zealand
Nelson
Nelson
Nelson
Nelson
Senator Little may refer to:
Betty Little (born 1940), New York State Senate
Brad Little (born 1954), Idaho State Senate
Francis Little (American politician) (1822–1890), Wisconsin State Senate
Matt Little (born 1984), Minnesota State Senate
Russell M. Little (1809–1891), New York State Senate
T. D. Little (born 1942), Alabama State Senate
Zeb Little (born 1968), Alabama State Senate
See also
Senator Littell (disambiguation)
The Spotlight was a weekly newspaper in the United States, published in Washington, D.C. from September 1975 to July 2001 by the now-defunct antisemitic Liberty Lobby. The Spotlight ran articles and editorials professing a "populist and nationalist" political orientation. Some observers have described the publication as promoting a right-wing, or conservative, politics.
Description
The Spotlight has been described in media reports as promoting an America First position and giving positive coverage to the political campaigns of Pat Buchanan and David Duke. The Spotlight gave frequent coverage to complementary and alternative medicine, including advertisements for the purported anti-cancer supplement Laetrile. Kevin J. Flynn's book The Silent Brotherhood described The Spotlight as regularly featuring "articles on such topics as Bible analysis, taxes and fighting the IRS, bankers and how they bleed the middle class, and how the nation is manipulated by the dreaded Trilateral Commission and Council on Foreign Relations", adding "the paper attracted a huge diversity of readers". NameBase described the newspaper as "anti-elitist, opposed the Gulf War, wanted the JFK assassination reinvestigated, and felt that corruption and conspiracies can be found in high places"
Circulation
Circulation of The Spotlight peaked in 1981 at 315,000 but fell to about 90,000 by 1992.
Critical reaction
The Spotlight was called "the most widely read publication on the fringe right" by the Anti-Defamation League, who also stated the newspaper "reflected Carto's conspiracy theory of history" and called the paper anti-Semitic.
Howard J. Ruff in their 1979 book How to Prosper During the Coming Bad Years praised The Spotlight for its investigative reporting while criticizing it for a "blatantly biased" right-wing point of view and concluded "there are many things I detest about it, but I wouldn't be without it."
U.S. Congressman and John Birch Society leader Larry McDonald criticized The Spotlight in the Congressional Record in 1981 for purported use of the Lyndon LaRouche movement as a source of news items.
Controversies
Lawsuit by E. Howard Hunt
On August 14, 1978, The Spotlight published an article by Victor Marchetti linking former CIA agent and Watergate figure E. Howard Hunt to the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Headlined "CIA to Nail Hunt for Kennedy Killing", the article said: "In the public hearings [of a pending Congressional hearing], the CIA will 'admit' that Hunt was involved in the conspiracy to kill Kennedy." It also claimed that the United States House Select Committee on Assassinations had received an internal CIA memo from 1966 that stated the agency "will have to explain Hunt's presence in Dallas on November 22, 1963".
Stating that they were libeled by the accusations, Hunt sued the Liberty Lobby for $3.5 million in damages in a federal court in Miami in 1981; Marchetti was not named as a defendant. Hunt, represented by attorney Ellis Rubin, said that they suffered a $27,000 drop in income after the article was published. They also said that they were in Washington, D.C., on the day that Kennedy was killed. Miles McGrane, the attorney for Liberty Lobby stated that Liberty Lobby did not believe that Hunt was involved in the assassination, but that they were going to be made a scapegoat by the CIA. On December 17, 1981, the jury found in Hunt's favor and awarded them $650,000 in damages. The decision was later overturned due to an error in jury instructions.
In the second trial, Hunt was represented by Baltimore attorney William Snyder. Hunt testified that they were in Washington, D.C., with their wife and son when they first heard of the assassination. Snyder told the jury that Hunt had already been cleared in the assassination by various commissions and inquiries. Attorney Mark Lane, author of Rush to Judgment and a leading proponent of the theory that the CIA was responsible for the assassination of Kennedy, represented Liberty Lobby. Lane successfully defended Liberty Lobby against the defamation charges, which became the basis for Lane's book Plausible Denial.
Lawsuit by the National Review
In 1985, the National Review and its editor, William F. Buckley Jr., were represented by attorney J. Daniel Mahoney during their $16 million libel suit against The Spotlight.
Timothy McVeigh
After the Oklahoma City bombing it was reported that Timothy McVeigh had taken out a classified advertisement in The Spotlight in August 1993 under the name "T. Tuttle" and had used a telephone card purchased from the newspaper.
End of publication
The Spotlight ceased publication in 2001 after Liberty Lobby was forced into bankruptcy as a result of a lawsuit brought by former associates in the Institute for Historical Review. Willis Carto and other people involved in The Spotlight then started a new newspaper, the American Free Press, which is very similar in overall tone. An August 2, 2002 court order in the Superior Court of California transferred the assets of Liberty Lobby, including The Spotlight, to the judgment creditor, the Legion for the Survival of Freedom, Inc. who maintains an online archive of Spotlight articles from 1997 to 2001.
Other activities
From 1988 to 2001, the paper sponsored the Radio Free America talk show which was heard on WWCR shortwave and on AM talk radio outlets.
See also
Alternative media (U.S. political right)
Anderson v. Liberty Lobby, Inc.
The Barnes Review
Ron Paul newsletters
References
External links
Implausible Assertions: Did Mark Lane Convince a Jury that E. Howard Hunt was a Kennedy Assassination Conspirator?
Sample articles from The SPOTLIGHT by Liberty Lobby, 1997 to 2001.
Defunct newspapers published in Washington, D.C.
Defunct weekly newspapers
Newspapers established in 1975
Publications disestablished in 2001
Weekly newspapers published in the United States
Far-right publications in the United States
The old St. Mary's Rectory is a gable-front 2-story frame dwelling of three by three bays, built in 1849 and enlarged to twice its size in 1856, and located in Aquasco, Prince George's County, Maryland. The structure is significant for its architecture and for its association with the history of St. Paul's Parish and the community of Aquasco. The rectory is an excellent example of a vernacular building with Greek Revival and Italianate stylistic elements. The floor plan exemplifies a style typical of the dwellings of successful landowners and merchants of the mid-19th century in Prince George's County. Original Greek Revival style elements include the front gable entrance facade, crown molded returned cornice, porch detail, interior stair detail, door and window surrounds, and the parlor mantel. Italianate elements include the heavy bracketing of the exterior cornice and the tripartite window in the north gable end.
The old rectory served St. Paul's Parish (Episcopal) through 1977, when it was sold as a private residence. Rehabilitated by its present owners, the rectory contains a significant amount of original fabric and is little changed from its mid-19th-century appearance. It is located in Aquasco, one of three remaining examples of a well-preserved agricultural community in Prince George's County. Aquasco reached its height in the 19th century, and is the location of a number of large 19th-century planters' homes. The rectory was stylishly built, perhaps because of its location in the thriving village and because of the affluence.
A grant was awarded to the rectory by Prince George's County Planning Board which enabled the rectory to undergo significant exterior restoration in 2011. The most valuable improvement was the removal of asbestos siding and the delicate restoration of the beautiful original German siding beneath.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1987.
References
External links
, including photo in 1985, at Maryland Historical Trust website
Photograph of St. Mary's Rectory, from Historic Houses and Buildings in Brandywine area website.
Houses in Prince George's County, Maryland
Episcopal church buildings in Maryland
Properties of religious function on the National Register of Historic Places in Maryland
Italianate architecture in Maryland
Churches completed in 1849
Houses completed in 1849
19th-century Episcopal church buildings
1849 establishments in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places in Prince George's County, Maryland
Italianate church buildings in the United States
TLF is a French rap band formed in the 2000s by two MCs from Val-de-Marne, namely Ikbal M'kouboi (known by their alias Ikbal Vockal) and by Alain 2 L'Ombre.
In 2009, Alain 2 L'Ombre left the formation which was reformed on 2010 with Ikbal, Badoo, Yacouba and Edwige. For the TLF live tours in 2010 and 2011, three new members pitched in: Skalp, Awa Imani and Indila and eventually joined the group. Edwige quit in July 2011, and was replaced by Léa. Alain 2 L'Ombre rejoined in 2012.
Career
TLF gained prominence in 2003 with their debut album Talents fâchés (eventually called Talents fâchés Vol. I, a compilation of songs mixed by Kore & Skalp, Rohff, Mafia K-1 Fry, Tandem, Sefyu, La Fouine, Sinik, Kamelancien that promoted a number of artists. It was spearheaded by Ikbal Vockal, an independent music producer alongside Alain 2 L'Ombre who chose to name it TLF (abbreviation for Thug Life Forever). Because of the success of the album, a record label was started name "Talents Fâchés Records".
In 2004, a second album Talents fâchés Vol. 2 was released consolidating the first album. Ikbal and Alain 2 L'Ombre brought in materials from various producers, rappers, Sefyu, Rohff, Tandem, L'Skadrille, Alibi Montana, Sté Strausz followed by Talents fâchés Vol. 3 subtitled La Dalle au mic in 2006 with Rohff, Princess Aniès, Nubi, Médine, Alibi Montana, La Fouine, LIM and finally Talents fâchés Vol. 4 in 2009 subtitled 04 Coins de la France with Rohff, Lim, Larsen, Keny Arkana, Tunisiano, Salif, Alonzo, Nessbeal, Diam's, Soprano. Best of the materials were also included in a compilation talent fâchés Collector in 2009. A fifth volume of Talents fâchés is planned in 2013.
In between volumes 2 and 3, TLF also released in 2005 a 2-CD sports compilation Rap Performance produced by "Talents fâchés Records".
Besides the compilations, TLF also releases its own albums notably Rêves de rue (2007), Renaissance (2010) and OVNI in 2012 (OVNI meaning Opus Violent Non Identifier), and mixtapes and Ghetto drame street albums.
Discography
Studio albums
Others
2011: Renaissance Edition Deluxe
Street albums
2006: Ghetto drame
2013: Ghetto drame 2 (upcoming)
Mixtapes
2010: Offishal Remix
Compilation albums
2003: Talents fâchés Vol.1
2004: Talents fâchés Vol.2
2005: Rap Performance
2006: Talents fâchés Vol.3
2009: Talents fâchés Vol.4
2009: Talents fâchés Collector
Singles
References
External links
TLF Official page on Skyrock website
French hip hop groups
Rappers from Val-de-Marne
The 42nd Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1941 Nova Scotia general election, the 41st overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 42nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1945 Nova Scotia general election, the 42nd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 43rd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 20th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
the Next Nova Scotia general election, the 64th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 65th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 42nd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The Norwich Playhouse is a theatre in St George's Street, Norwich, Norfolk, England. It opened in 1995 in a nineteenth-century building that was once a malting, and is a venue for theatre, comedy, music, cabaret and other performing arts. It seats 300. Television personality and theatre actor Stephen Fry is a patron.
In March 2018 the Playhouse won a Chortle Award, naming it the Best Comedy Venue in the East & Midlands. Norwich Playhouse is a firm favourite with many comedians, including Mark Watson, Tim Minchin, and Sara Pascoe.
The Playhouse Bar is a popular bar attached to the theatre, known for Ceilingopolils (a cardboard cityscape attached to the ceiling of the bar). It recently celebrated its twentieth birthday.
See also
Norwich Arts Centre
Norwich Cinema City
References
External links
Norwich Playhouse
Theatres in Norwich
Christopher Duncan may refer to:
Christopher Duncan (Brookside) (active 1986–1988), character on Brookside
Christopher B. Duncan (born 1964), American actor
Chris Duncan (1981–2019), American baseballer
C Duncan (born 1989), Scottish composer and singer
Punjab Control of Organised Crime Act, (PCOCA) is law to be enacted by Punjab state in India to combat organised crime. It is in process of approval as the Punjab Cabinet has yet not given its approval on account of few reservations about various clauses of the Act.The Act is designed on the pattern of Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act enacted in 1999.
References
State legislation in India
Crime in Punjab, India
Government of Punjab, India
Proposed laws of India
Organised crime in India
Acts related to organized crime
Simeon Berry (born 1973 in Guilford, Connecticut) is a poet who authored the prize-winning collections Ampersand Revisited and Monograph. Their poetry has been published widely in literary journals, including AGNI, Antioch Review, The Literary Review, Washington Square Review, The Iowa Review, New Orleans Review, Southern Poetry Review, Notre Dame Review, Crazyhorse, Passages North, Hayden's Ferry Review, Seneca Review, American Letters & Commentary, Chelsea, The Southeast Review, and Verse.
Berry has won the Academy of American Poets Award and the Career Chapter Award from the National Society of Arts and Letters.
References
Poets from Connecticut
1973 births
Eckerd College alumni
Living people
21st-century American poets
Celsonil Santos de Macedo Júnior (born 15 March 1988), commonly known as Celsinho is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Remo as a right back.
Club career
Born in São Bernardo do Campo, Celsinho graduated from the youth academy of Pato Branco and made their senior debut in 2005. In the following years, they played for Francisco Beltrão, Coritiba, Lajeadense and signed for Juventude on 22 June 2010.
After spending the 2012 season on loan from Lajeadense at Bangu, Celsinho's loan deal was extended for the 2013 season in November 2012. Ahead of the 2014 season, they joined Caldense. In the following year, they signed for Novo Hamburgo. After playing for the side in Campeonato Gaúcho in early 2016, they switched to Cianorte of Campeonato Paranaense. However, they rejoined Novo Hamburgo on 7 June 2016.
On 22 December 2016, Celsinho moved to CSA. They played sparingly, with their side winning promotion to Série B. On 20 June 2018, they scored their first Série B goal in a 1–1 draw against Ponte Preta. They played regularly for the club, with their side winning the Campeonato Alagoano and achieving promotion to Série A, after finishing runners-up in Série B. On 10 December, they extended their contract for the upcoming season.
References
External links
OGol profile
1988 births
Living people
Association football defenders
Brazilian footballers
Campeonato Brasileiro Série B players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série C players
Campeonato Brasileiro Série D players
Pato Branco Esporte Clube players
Coritiba Foot Ball Club players
Clube Esportivo Lajeadense players
Esporte Clube Juventude players
Bangu Atlético Clube players
Ypiranga Futebol Clube players
Associação Atlética Caldense players
Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo players
Cianorte Futebol Clube players
Centro Sportivo Alagoano players
People from São Bernardo do Campo
Footballers from São Paulo (state)
Callipodidae is a family of millipedes belonging to the order Callipodida.
Genera:
Anopetalum Verhoeff, 1941
Callipus Risso, 1826
Euopus Leach, 1830
Lysiopetalum
Sardopus Strasser, 1974
Silvestria
References
Callipodida
Millipede families
Jack Walker (2 March 1914 – 29 May 1968) was an English cricketer. They played one first-class match for Kent County Cricket Club in 1949.
Walker was born at Cobham in Kent in 1914. They played as a wicket-keeper at club level for Gravesend Cricket Club and made their only first-class appearance for Kent at The Bat and Ball Ground, playing against Essex in the 1949 County Championship. They scored 19 runs, took two catches and made two stumping in the match which was played on their home club ground. They played twice for the county Second XI in the Minor Counties Championship and was chairperson of Cobham Cricket Club for 21 years.
Walker died at Cobham in 1948 after collapsing aged 54. Their son, Richard, played regularly for Middlesex and Kent's Second XIs and their grandson, Matt Walker played over 500 matches for Kent and Essex and later coached Kent.
References
1914 births
1968 deaths
English cricketers
Kent cricketers
People from Cobham, Kent
The 1987–88 Irish League Cup (known as the Roadferry Freight League Cup for sponsorship reasons) was the second edition of Northern Ireland's secondary football knock-out cup competition. It concluded on 28 November 1987 with the final.
Linfield were the defending champions after becoming the first ever winners of the competition the previous season by defeating Crusaders 2–1 in the final. This season they reached the semi-finals, but went out to eventual winners Coleraine, who won the cup with a 1–0 victory over Portadown in the final.
First round
|}
Second round
|}
Quarter-finals
|}
Semi-finals
|}
Final
References
Lea
1987–88 domestic association football cups
1987–88
Dijon-Ville station (), sometimes simply Dijon, is a railway station located in Dijon, Côte-d'Or, eastern France. The station was opened in 1849. It is located at the junction of Paris–Marseille, , , and Dijon-Vallorbe lines. The train services are operated by SNCF and Lyria.
Train services
From Dijon train services depart to major French cities such as: Paris, Lyon, Marseille, Nice, Montpellier, Belfort, Besançon, Mulhouse, Strasbourg.
International services operate to Switzerland: Zürich, Basel, Lausanne and Luxembourg.
High speed services (TGV) Paris - Dijon - Besançon - Belfort - Mulhouse
High speed services (TGV) Paris - Dijon - Besançon-Viotte
High speed services (TGV) Paris - Dijon - Lausanne
High speed services (TGV) Paris - Dijon - Mulhouse - Basel - Zürich
High speed services (TGV) Paris - Dijon - Chalon-sur-Saône
High speed services (TGV) Luxembourg - Strasbourg - Besançon - Dijon - Lyon - Montpellier /Marseille
High speed services (TGV) Nancy - Strasbourg - Dijon - Lyon - Avignon - Marseille - Cannes - Nice
High speed services (TGV) Metz - Strasbourg - Besançon - Dijon - Lyon - Valence TGV - Montpellier
Intercity services (Ouigo) Paris - Dijon - Lyon
Regional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Dijon - Beaune - Montchanin - Le Creusot - Étang - NeversRegional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Dijon - Beaune - Chagny - Chalon-sur-SaôneRegional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Dijon - Dole - BesançonRegional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Dijon - Montbard - Laroche-Migennes - AuxerreRegional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Dijon - Beaune - Chagny - Chalon-sur-Saône - Macon - LyonRegional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Dijon - St-Jean-de-Losne - Seurre - Louhans - Bourg-en-BresseRegional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Dijon - Is-sur-TilleRegional services (TER Bourgogne-Franche-Comté) Paris - Sens - Laroche-Migennes - Dijon''
References
External links
Railway stations in France opened in 1849
Railway stations in Côte-d'Or
National Highway 715A, commonly called NH 715A is a national highway in India. It is a spur road of National Highway 15. NH-715A traverses the state of Assam in India.
Route
Nakhola(Jagiroad), Marigaon, Kaupati, Rowta, Udalguri, Khoirabari, Indo/Bhutan border(Bhairabkunda) .
Junctions
Terminal with National Highway 27 near Nakhola.
Junction with National Highway 15 near Rowta.
See also
List of National Highways in India by highway number
List of National Highways in India by state
References
External links
NH 715A on OpenStreetMap
National highways in India
National Highways in Assam
The Hundred of Yaranyacka is a cadastral hundred in the County of Flinders, South Australia. The Hundred was proclaimed on 20 June 1872 and corrupted from the Aboriginal yakkara (or jakara) meaning 'plain' or 'level country'.
The main town within the hundred is Lipson. The only other town or locality in the hundred is Ungarra, which overlaps the north-west corner of the hundred, the township being adjacent to the western border.
See also
Lands administrative divisions of South Australia
References
Yaranyacka
y
Shuvee (January 22, 1966 – April 1, 1986) was an American Thoroughbred Champion Hall of Fame racehorse.
Background
Shuvee was a chestnut mare bred in Virginia by Whitney A. Stone. They were sired by 1955 Horse of the Year Nashua out of the 1956 Coaching Club American Oaks winner Levee.
Racing career
Shuvee was the second filly to ever win the U.S. Filly Triple Crown.
In addition to winning the Triple Tiara, in 1970 Shuvee became the only filly to ever defeat colts in the two-mile-long Jockey Club Gold Cup. Future Hall of Fame jockey Ron Turcotte (and 1973 Triple Crown winner aboard Secretariat) guided them to a seven-length repeat victory in that race in 1971.
Breeding record
As a broodmare, they had only modest success.
Honors
Shuvee was named American Champion Older Female Horse in 1970 and 1971.
In 1975, Shuvee was inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame, where their portrait by equine artist Richard Stone Reeves can be seen in the Museum's collection. On its creation in 1977, they were voted into the Aiken Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame and Museum.
Pedigree
References
Shuvee at the United States National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame
Shuvee's pedigree and racing stats
1966 racehorse births
1986 racehorse deaths
Racehorses bred in Virginia
Racehorses trained in the United States
Triple Crown of Thoroughbred Racing winners
United States Thoroughbred Racing Hall of Fame inductees
Thoroughbred family 9-f
Statistics of Guam League in the 1996 season.
Overview
G-Force won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Gyanpur is a village in Barhara block of Bhojpur district in Bihar, India. As of 2011, its population was 2,381, in 386 households.
References
Villages in Bhojpur district, India
Ahmed Ibn Abu al-Hussain al-Nuri () (died 908 AD), known also as Nuri, was a famous early Sufi saint. They were of Persian origins, but born in Baghdad in 840 CE where spent most of their life.  They are the author of Maqamat al-qulub (Stations of the Hearts).  They are famous for saying, "I love God and God loves me".  They are one of the earliest Sufis who was clearly mystical as illustrated by theirs saying "Joining with the Truth is parting from everything else, as parting with everything else is joining with it"
Nuri and several of their friends were accused of heresy and charged in 878 C.E. Nuri offered to be tried before their companions. The regent at the time was impressed by such magnanimity and investigated the case and found these Sufis to be good Muslims. Thus they set the accused free. Nuri, however, was exiled to Raqqa in Syria, whence they returned some years later, much deteriorated physically.
Poetry and statements from Nuri are narrated in popular Sufism. According to popular accounts, they gained the title "Nuri" because they "radiated light when talking". They were acquainted with Junayd Baghdadi.
Notes
Bibliography
Christopher Melchert: The Transition from Ascetism to Mysticism at the Middle of the Ninth Century, in: Studia Islamica 83 (1996), 51–70.
External links
Nuri Bibliography
Iraqi Sufis
Iraqi Sufi saints
840s births
908 deaths
The Battle of Ilopango Airport was a military engagement fought at the Ilopango International Airport in El Salvador in late January 1981. The battle was a part of the Salvadoran Civil War. It was fought between soldiers of the Salvadoran Air Force and guerrillas of the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front.
Background
On October 15, 1979, the Salvadoran Civil War began with a coup being staged against the President, Carlos Humberto Romero. After the coup, the Revolutionary Government Junta of El Salvador was established and in 1980, the Farabundo Martí National Liberation Front engaged in a guerrilla war against the government.
Battle
In late January 1981, FMLN guerrillas launched the Final Offensive. As a part of the offensive, the FMLN attacked the Ilopango International Airport which was recently converted into a Salvadoran Air Force base with the opening of the Comalapa International Airport in January 1980. The guerrillas primary goal was to damage infrastructure as to hamper the efforts of the government in stopping the FMLN. As a result, aircraft and helicopters were the primary target of the attack.
The Air Force retained control of the airport and the FMLN retreated but the Air Force lost 14 UH-1H helicopters, 5 Dassault Ouragans, and 3 C-47s.
Aftermath
The attack on the Ilopango Airport was one of 439 acts of sabotage carried out by the FMLN during the Final Offensive from January to September 1981. The United States estimated the total damages cost $98 million
As a direct result of the attack, newly inaugurated US President Ronald Reagan called the FMLN attacks a "communist plot" and signed an executive order on February 1 authorizing $55 million in emergency military aid to be sent to the government of El Salvador.
References
Salvadoran Civil War
Conflicts in 1981
1981 in El Salvador
Battles involving El Salvador
Military operations involving airports
Cliff Aldridge is a Republican politician from Oklahoma who is serving as a member of the Oklahoma Senate. Aldridge is a member of the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), serving as Oklahoma state leader.
Early life and career
Aldridge graduated from Henryetta High School in 1980, and attended Oklahoma Christian College. While at college, they met their wife. After graduating, they worked for Farmers Insurance as an agent for 20 years, until they began their life in Oklahoma politics.
Political career
Aldridge was elected to the Oklahoma Senate by Oklahoma's 42nd Senate District in 2002. In 2010, they won their third election, defeating American Federation of Government Employees national vice-president Mike Kelly. Due to Oklahoma's term limits, this will be their final term. In the Senate, they serve as Chairman of the General Government Committee, Vice Chairman of the Retirement and Insurance Committee, and a member of the Finance Committee, the Veterans and Military Affairs Committee, and the Subcommittee on Education.
References
Living people
Oklahoma Republicans
Oklahoma state senators
1962 births
Baćin is a village in the Sisak-Moslavina County in the central part of Croatia. It is in the Una Valley near the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina. Baćin is a dormitory village with a resident population of just over 200 people.
See also
Baćin massacre
References
Hrvatska Dubica
Bosnia and Herzegovina–Croatia border crossings
Populated places in Sisak-Moslavina County
Mimoides xeniades is a butterfly in the family Papilionidae. It is found in southern Bolivia, Ecuador, Colombia and Peru.
Subspecies
Mimoides xeniades xeniades (Ecuador)
Mimoides xeniades halex (Rothschild & Jordan, 1906) (Colombia)
Mimoides xeniades imaus (Rothschild & Jordan, 1906) (Peru)
Mimoides xeniades isus (Oberthür, 1879) (Colombia)
Mimoides xeniades signatus (Tyler, Brown & Wilson, 1994) (Peru, Bolivia)
Mimoides xeniades tabaconas (Joicey & Talbot, 1918) (Peru, Ecuador)
Description from Seitz
P. harmodius. Male and female different. The spots on head, thorax and coxae yellowish white, Male : fore-wing somewhat transparent apically, before the hindmargin a white area of variable extent, but never reaching to the 3. radial; hindwing with a band of red discal spots. Beneath the cell of both wings streaked with black, forewing with red costal basal spot, hindwing with 3 basal spots. In the female the hindwing similar to the male, or the macular band white or yellow; the forewing either without spots, or with white cell-patch and two large discal patches. Colombia to Bolivia; a species of the Andes, very common in the eastern valleys of Ecuador. Peru and Bolivia. Larva not known. — isus Oberth. (= aristogiton Stgr.) male : the white area of the forewing large, extending from the hindmargin to the 2. median or beyond; discal band composed of 6 or 7 white-centred spots. female not known. — Cauca Valley, Colombia. — halex R. & J. Forewing as in the preceding subspecies; hindwing with 5 red discal spots. female on the forewing with white area from
the 3. radial to the 2. median and a small cell-spot; hindwing with 5 pale red discal spots. Colombia; in Bogota-collections. — xeniades to the hindmargin of the wing, usually excised at the costal side, always small on the underside; hindwing with 3—5 discal spots, which are red above, rarely whitish in the middle, and beneath always reddish white with red distal margin. female: dichromatic: female-f. androna (13d) with quite small grey scaling in and behind the cell of the forewing and 5 red discal spots on the hindwing; the second form, female-f. Virginia Kirby, is very similar to the female of P. erlaces lacydes, forewing with large white cell-spot and two large discal patches, band of the hindwing white with faint red margins. Xeniades occurs in Ecuador and West Colombia. — imaus R. & J. (14 a). Not constantly different from the male of the following subspecies, forewing above mostly with white streak at the hindmargin, beneath the white spot is usually smaller than in harmodius Doubl. female as the female-f. virginia, but the cell-spot narrowed anteriorly, the anterior discal spot reduced and the band of the hindwing yellow above, almost white beneath. Eastern slopes of the Andes of North and Central Peru. — harmodius Doubl. (13 c). male: forewing above and beneath always with large white spot, not quite reaching to the hindmargin. female: the white cell-spot does not extend across the cell; three discal spots, the 1. small, the 2. as long as the 3.; hindwing with red discal spots, larger than in the male. South-east Peru (from Chanchamayo southwards) and Bolivia. The males common, of the female only
1 specimen known (in coll. Charles Oberthur).
References
Butterflies described in 1867
Mimoides
Papilionidae of South America
Taxa named by William Chapman Hewitson
Doraemon Land is a Spanish game show based on the anime and manga series Doraemon. The space was produced by 60dB, Luk Internacional and Turnek. The show was broadcast on Boing channel on everynight Friday at 9 PM. MC was actor Malaga Laura Artolachipi.
History
In the second quarter of 2014 Spain Media was attracted the player through two ways: the first was writing one's name on the Boing website, and the second was a voice test at Malaga between 30–31 May 2014 and at Madrid between 6–7 June 2014.
Episodes
Contestants
References
:es:Doraemon Land
Spanish game shows
Doraemon
Paulo Henrique Araújo de Holanda Montenegro (born April 15, 1985, Mossoró) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter.
Career
Montenegro has been singing since childhood, having joined a kids' choir in mid school, where they first received vocal training. In 2009 in a partnership with DJ Alahin, they released their first single on iTunes, an original English pop song entitled Gasoline Love, which was written and produced by himself. In 2010 they started collaborating with singer Natalia Damini writing some of their songs, including their first hit Feeling the Love. In 2011, Montenegro started uploading several videos on their YouTube channel, singing in English, Spanish, Chinese, Japanese and Korean.
Their cover of 'First Love' by Hikaru Utada caught the attention of TV staff in Japan and they were invited to take part in an international singing competition called Nodojiman THE World! (のどじまんTHEワールド!) broadcast from Japan, by the TV Channel Nippon TV in March 2015. Despite not being a native Japanese speaker, they performed two Japanese songs on the show in front of live audience and judges. The first of the two songs was the Rainy Blue by Hideaki Tokunaga and the second song was the asupervisorstioned First Love which they performed in the final round of top 6.
Personal life
Montenegro is the first child of City Councilwoman Izabel Montenegro and they have been living in Ceará, Brazil for the last 10 years. Besides singing, they also work as a blogger/writer for the website MobileXpert where they write articles about technology and software and also produces reviews on mobile devices and apps.
References
External links
Coluna do J.Belmont
"A voz do Brasil Em Japonês" (Blog do Carlos Santos)
De Mossoró para o Japão
Mossoroense participará de programa de calouros Japonês (O Mossoroense)
Mention on a local Brazilian Newspaper (Gazeta do Oeste)
TV show "Tudo por Elas" (TV Diário)
21st-century Brazilian male singers
1985 births
Living people
People from Mossoró
The 2020–21 Egyptian Basketball Super League was the 47th season of the Egyptian Basketball Super League. The champions qualify for the 2022 Basketball Africa League (BAL) season.
Zamalek won its 14th national title, after winning in the finals Against Al Ittihad. The season was decided in Game 5, which Zamalek won 84–80 after overtime.
Teams
6th of October and El Shams were relegated from the 2019–20 Egyptian Basketball Super League. Geziret El-Ward and Al Zohour joined the league after promoting from the second tier league. The 2020–21 season existed out of the following 16 teams:
Arenas and locations
Regular season
Top Group
Bottom Group
Playoffs
The playoffs started on 16 April 2021.
Bracket
Finals
Individual awards
The awards were announced on 28 June 2021:
Most Valuable Player: Anas Mahmoud (Zamalek)
Best Young Player: Mohab Yasser (Zamalek)
Top Scorer: Haytham Kamal (Al Ittihad)
Best Threepoint Shooter: Rami Ibrahim (Al Ittihad)
References
2020 in Egyptian sport
2021 in Egyptian sport
Egypt
Egyptian Basketball Super League
Applied Imagination is an influential 1953 book on creative ideation by Alex Faickney Osborn, in which they introduce the technique of brainstorming.
Chapters
The all-importance of imagination
Indispensability of creativity in science
Careers depend largely on creativity
Creativity in leadership and professions
Imagination can improve personal relations
Universality of imaginative talent
Ways by which creativity can be developed
Our new environment - its effect on creativity
Other factors that tend to cramp creativity
Creative and non-creative forms of imagination
The process of ideation varies widely
Orientation calls for setting our sights
Preparation and analysis go hand in hand
Editions
Osborn, Alex F. (1953). Applied Imagination: Principles and Procedures of Creative Problem-Solving. New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1953.
Revised edition, New York, Scribner, 1957
3rd ed. New York C. Scribner 1963
French translation by Georges Rona and Pierre Dupont, L'Imagination constructive. Principes et processus de la Pensée créative et du Brainstorming, Paris, Dunod, 1959.
Chinese translation by Ikkō Shō, 応用想像力 Taipei : Kyōshi Kōgyō Sōsho Shuppan Kofun Yūgen Kōshi, 1965
See also
References
Bibliography
Osborn, Alex F. (1953). Applied Imagination: Principles and Procedures of Creative Problem-Solving. New York: Charles Scribner's Sons, 1953.
External links
Creativity
Group problem-solving methods
Tomato bredie is a South African stew, referred to in Afrikaans as 'tamatiebredie', normally made with mutton. It is cooked for a very long time, and its seasonings include cinnamon, cardamom, ginger and cloves as well as chilli. It is of Dutch origin. "Bredie" is the Afrikaans word for "stew", but is actually a word of Malaysian origin. This form of cooking was first introduced to the Cape by Malays, who were brought to the colony in most cases as slaves. The word bredie refers to oriental spinach. In tomato bredie tomato is used instead. Pumpkin, green beans and waterblommetjies (Cape water lily, Aponogeton distachyos, flowers) are also used. This traditional South African dish is commonly eaten around South Africa by both locals and tourists.
Bredies generally are a spiced stew of mutton ribs, generally cooked with vegetables. In addition to tomato they can also feature cauliflower, lentils, parsnips, and quince, and are served with rice.
See also
List of lamb dishes
List of tomato dishes
List of African dishes
List of stews
References
South African stews
Tomato dishes
Lamb dishes
Rosappu Ravikkaikari () is a 1979 Indian Tamil-language historical romance film directed by Devaraj–Mohan. A remake of the 1978 Kannada film Parasangada Gendethimma, itself based on Srikrishna Alanahalli's novella of the same name, the film stars Sivakumar, Deepa and Sivachandran, with Vinu Chakravarthy and Nagarathnamma in supporting roles. Set in British-ruled India, it revolves around a modern woman who cannot tolerate their rustic husband and their mother-in-law, and engages in an extramarital affair.
Vandichakkaram, written by Chakravarthy, was originally intended to be the 100th film for Sivakumar as an actor; however, after Chakravarthy and producer Thirupur Mani of Vivekananda Pictures saw Parasangada Gendethimma, they told Sivakumar that a remake of this film would be a better fit as their 100th film. It is the debut of screenwriter Vijay Krishnaraj (credited as Krishna), and Chakravarthy as an actor in Tamil cinema. The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, editing was handled by T. P. Sekar and cinematography by R. N. K. Prasad.
Rosappu Ravikkaikari was released on 18 May 1979. The film became a critical and commercial success, running for over 100 days in theatres. For their performance, Sivakumar won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Tamil.
Plot
In British-ruled India, Sembattayan, a naïve and illiterate villager, is the sole breadwinner of their family in Vandicholai. They make a living by selling betel leaves, covering fast distances by foot. Their mother gets them married to Nandhini, an educated and modern woman from a neighbouring village. The villagers are surprised that Sembattayan has such a wife and start suspecting their character for stooping down to the level of marrying Sembattayan, who is a complete mismatch for them Nandhini finds it difficult to live in their home which lacks all the facilities they are accustomed to.
Sembattayan's mother harasses Nandhini and abuses them for their lifestyle and neglecting domestic duties. Unable to tolerate it, Sembattayan establishes a separate home with Nandhini and they are pleased. They concentrate more on grooming themselves and their demands keep rising. Sembattayan futilely tries to make them realise that inner beauty is more important than outer beauty which is just skin deep. Manickam, an agent of the British, comes to Vandicholai for recruiting workers and seeks Sembattayan's help for the same. Sembattayan obliges him, Manickam keeps visiting the village on this work and also learns about Nandhini's longings.
When Nandhini's father invites Sembattayan and Nandhini for a village festival, Sembattayan innocently sends Nandhini on Manickam's motorcycle. Nandhini and Manickam, smitten by each other, get into a physical relationship on the way. Manickam keeps visiting Nandhini regularly without Sembattayan's knowledge. When villagers start to gossip about this extramarital affair, Sembattayan is saddened, but they still trust Nandhini. They soon learns about Nandhini's pregnancy and is overjoyed, unaware that they are not the father of their child.
The villagers accuse Sembattayan of spoiling the women of Vandicholai by selling fancy items to please their wife and thus imposing city culture on them. One day, they reach their home before their usual time and hears a man's voice. Through the window, they see Nandhini and Manickam in a compromising position. Devastated, they remember their mother's warning that if Nandhini is not controlled, they would be responsible for their destruction, and leaves to drown themselves in a pond, while Nandhini contemplates suicide out of guilt. When Sembattayan's corpse is retrieved from the pond, the villagers speculate about the reason for their death differently.
Cast
Sivakumar as Sembattayan
Deepa as Nandhini
Sivachandran as Manickam
Vinu as a villager
Nagarathnamma as Sembattayan's mother
Heran Ramaswamy
Bracket Mohan as Sembattayan's disciple
Mani as Sembattayan's disciple
Production
Vandichakkaram, written by Vinu Chakravarthy, was originally intended to be the 100th film for Sivakumar as an actor; however, after Chakravarthy, director K. Vijayan and producer Thirupur Mani saw the 1978 Kannada film Parasangada Gendethimma, an adaptation of the novella of the same name by Srikrishna Alanahalli, they told Sivakumar that a remake of this film would be a better fit as their 100th film. The remake, titled Rosappu Ravikkaikari, was directed by the duo Devaraj–Mohan and produced by Mani under Vivekananda Pictures. Chakravarthy, credited simply as Vinu, made their debut as an actor in Tamil with this film. They worked on the Kannada original and it was Alanahalli who recommended them for the remake. The screenplay was written by Vijay Krishnaraj (credited as Krishna), making their cinematic debut. T. P. Sekar and R. N. K. Prasad worked as editor and cinematographer respectively. Filming was completed in 45 working days. The last song to be filmed was "Uchi Vaguntheduthu".
Themes
Rosappu Ravikkaikaris main theme is extramarital affair. In the essay "The Tamil film hero: from a passive subject to a pleasurable object", published in the book Tamil Cinema: The Cultural Politics of India's Other Film Industry edited Selvaraj Velayutham, Sathiavathi Chinniah writes that films portraying adulterous heros basically attempt to explore the complexities of womanhood and sexuality, citing Rosappu Ravikkaikari as an example.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by Ilaiyaraaja, while the lyrics were written by Pulamaipithan and Gangai Amaran. The song "Maaman Oru Naal" is set in the Carnatic raga known as Harikambhoji (also known as Hari Kambhodhi), while "Yennullil Yengo" is set in the Madhuvanti raga. "Uchi Vaguntheduthu", according to Ilangovan Rajasekaran of Frontline, "brought out the emotions of a man anguished by their wife's infidelity".
Release and reception
Rosappu Ravikkaikari was released on 18 May 1979. The film received an "A" (adults only) certificate after three cuts. It received critical acclaim, and became a commercial success, running for over 100 days in theatres. The Tamil magazine Ananda Vikatan, in a review dated 27 May 1979, rated the film 50 out of 100, praising Sivakumar's performance and the background score by Ilaiyaraaja. P. S. M. of Kalki lauded Sivakumar's performance, saying they had scored a century with their 100th film. Sivakumar won the Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Tamil.
Legacy
According to film historian G. Dhananjayan, Rosappu Ravikkaikari became a milestone for "daringly show[ing] infidelity and its consequences on screen for the first time" in Tamil cinema.
References
Bibliography
External links
1970s historical romance films
1970s Tamil-language films
1979 films
Films about adultery in India
Films about infidelity
Films based on adaptations
Films based on Indian novels
Films directed by Devaraj–Mohan
Films scored by Ilaiyaraaja
Films set in the British Raj
Indian historical romance films
Tamil remakes of Kannada films
Gay American History: Lesbians and Gay Men in the U.S.A. is a book by Jonathan Ned Katz. It is a study of the history of the gay community in the United States. The book is considered a revolutionary work chronicling the history of LGBT people.
Published to coincide with the bicentennial of the United States, the book spotlights historical events from the 1500s through the 1970s, in the form of many historical documents. Topics covered range from resistance to treatment and troubles of gay men and lesbians in the United States. This includes information about homosexuality within Native American communities and among the European colonists.
Recognition
The book has been considered one of the top lesbian and gay nonfiction books. It is widely cited as a foundational work in LGBT history.
References
External links
1976 non-fiction books
1970s LGBT literature
Books about LGBT history
Books about the United States
Historiography of LGBT in the United States
Thomas Y. Crowell Co. books
The Harlem Race Track, managed by the Harlem Jockey Club, was a horse racing track located in the Village of Harlem, Illinois (currently Forest Park, Illinois) between Collier Avenue (currently 16th Street) and 12th St. (currently Roosevelt Road), and between W. 74th (currently Hannah Avenue) and W 76th (currently Lathrop Avenue).
The track was built by a syndicate led by George Hankins in 1894, and it was scheduled to open for the 1895 horse racing season. Because there was a public outcry against all gambling, the track did not open as scheduled, and it lay dormant at great expense to the investors. On July 3, 1897, the track was sold by the Chicago Fair Grounds Association, by President William Martin, to attorney William H. Allen for $150,000. Allen leased the 80 acre property to James Anglin who appointed John Condon general manager, and Martin Nathanson as secretary. The lease eventually went to Condon, but they decided to discontinue their association with the track when their lease expired on February 1, 1899. Despite Condon's retirement, it was speculated that they remained in control of Harlem, and the course secretary, Martin Nathanson, announced that the 1899 racing program would begin on May 30. A fire at the track on May 22, 1899, believed to be caused by "incendiaries," destroyed the grandstand and fencing. A temporary grandstand was quickly built so that racing season could still open on time, and construction of a new permanent grandstand of steel and stone was planned.
In early May 1900 John Condon appears to have gained complete control of the Harlem race track, despite their earlier announcement of their retirement from the business. This enabled Condon to become sole owner of the track by purchasing it outright from lawyer P. J. Ryan for $180,000. The lightning from an intense rainstorm killed a horse in the stables at the track, knocked the stable boy attending the horse unconscious for an hour, and also shocked Condon and track official William Miers.
From 1899 to 1904 the Lake Street Elevated Railroad offered express excursion service to the track via the Cuyler Avenue Shuttle.
As of 2021, the area which the horsetrack was on is now occupied by the Chicago Bulk Mail Center and the eastern part of the Forest Park Plaza.
Thoroughbred races
Races:
Aspirant Stakes
Combination Selling Stakes
Fort Dearborn Stakes
Graduate Stakes
Harlem Stakes
LaGrange Selling Stakes
Petite Stakes
Prairie State Selling Stakes
Proviso Stakes
Riverside Stakes
Senior Stakes
September Handicap
Speed Stakes
Automobile racing
The track was used by the Chicago Automobile Club to hold a three-day program of auto races from May 28 to May 30, 1905. A year later, when the Western Automobile Racing Association visited the track at the end of June 1906, "... it was found that the building had been dismantled, the water supply cut off and the track so washed that it would be impossible to get it in suitable shape in time [for the automobile races]." Consequently, the association had to move their scheduled meet for July 3 and 4, 1906 to the Hawthorne Race Course. On July 12 and 13, 1907 the Harlem track was used to hold a 24-hour automobile race along with several minor races on each day. The race was listed on the daily schedule of the Glidden Tour that year, but tour participants were not required to enter the competition. Another series of auto races took place on October 12, 1907, after several postponements because of poor weather.
A nine-hole golf course was being constructed on the infield of the race track grounds in April 1901. The course was in use by June 1901. By November 1914 a second course had been laid out on the property.
Other uses
An experimental airship station was opened at the Harlem Race Track on June 5, 1909, by the Chicago Aeronautic Association. The association was the local branch of the Aero Club of Illinois.
A fire at the track on November 24, 1910, Thanksgiving Day, destroyed 400 horse stables, approximately a half mile in length, along with half a dozen cottages and a house on the property.
References
External links
Library of Congress - American Memory Photographs of the Harlem Race Track
Harlem Race Track
Sports venues in Cook County, Illinois
Defunct horse racing venues in Illinois
Forest Park, Illinois
1894 establishments in Illinois
Harold J. Wirths (born April 5, 1965) is an American Republican politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2018, representing the 24th Legislative District. They previously served as Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development from May 24, 2010 to August 1, 2016, appointed by former Governor Chris Christie in 2010.
Wirths has served in the General Assembly since 2020 as the Minority Budget Officer.
Early life
Wirths is the adopted son of Wallace R. Wirths (1921–2002), a former Westinghouse executive, author, newspaper columnist and radio commentator, who was a benefactor of Upsala College in East Orange, New Jersey (now defunct), from which Wirths would go on to graduate with an associates degree in business.
Wirths was a small business owner in Sussex County in northwestern New Jersey, owning and managing furniture stores located near Hamburg, New Jersey. They also helped to establish Noble Community Bank, which today is part of Highlands State Bank, and they served on the Highlands Bank board of directors. Wirths resides in Wantage Township, New Jersey with their wife and two daughters.
Sussex County Board of Chosen Freeholders
Wirths ran for Sussex County's Board of Chosen Freeholders as a Republican and served as a freeholder for nearly a decade from 2000 to 2010. They resigned from that post to become Labor Commissioner and was succeeded as Freeholder by Parker Space.
Labor Commissioner
Chris Christie nominated Wirths to be the Commissioner of the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development (2010-2016) and was sworn in on May 24, 2010. One of their focuses as commissioner, was to modernize the state's unemployment insurance benefits system and reducing waste attributed to benefit fraud. They served on the boards of several state government commissions and authorities, including the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, New Jersey State Ethics Commission, New Jersey State Employment and Training Commission, and the Fort Monmouth Economic Revitalization Authority.
Under the leadership of Commissioner Wirths, the New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development launched an employer-focused approach to reshape the state's workforce development and training programs.
New Jersey Assembly
In 2017, they ran for the New Jersey General Assembly in the 24th Legislative District, bracketed with Parker Space and won election with 30,028 votes (27.91% of the ballots cast).
Committee assignments
Committee assignments for the current session are:
Budget
Joint Budget Oversight
District 24
Each of the 40 districts in the New Jersey Legislature has one representative in the New Jersey Senate and two members in the New Jersey General Assembly. The representatives from the 24th District for the 2022—23 Legislative Session are:
Senator Steve Oroho (R)
Assemblyman Parker Space (R)
Assemblyman Hal Wirths (R)
Electoral history
New Jersey Assembly
</ref>
References
External links
Legislative webpage
1965 births
Living people
County commissioners in New Jersey
Members of the New Jersey General Assembly
New Jersey Republicans
People from Wantage Township, New Jersey
State cabinet secretaries of New Jersey
Upsala College alumni
American adoptees
Vanessa Grenier (born April 15, 1992) is a Canadian former competitive pair skater. With Maxime Deschamps, they placed 8th at the 2016 Four Continents Championships and competed at three Grand Prix events.
Career
Single skating
Grenier began learning to skate in 1995. They won the silver medal in the junior women's event at the 2008 Canadian Championships and went on to compete at three ISU Junior Grand Prix events. They also appeared at the 2011 World Junior Championships but did not advance past the preliminary round. They were coached by Marie Houde, C. Lemaire, M. Peloquin, M. Grenier, V. Cusson in Drummondville, Quebec.
Grenier competed in the senior women's event at five Canadian Championships, from 2009 to 2013. Them best placement, 7th, came in 2011 and 2012.
Pair skating
In 2013, Grenier teamed up with Maxime Deschamps to compete in pair skating. The two became the 2014 Canadian junior champions. Making their Grand Prix debut, they placed 6th at the 2014 Skate America. The pair finished 7th at the 2015 Skate Canada International and 8th at the 2016 Four Continents Championships. The pair was coached by Richard Gauthier and Bruno Marcotte in Montreal, Quebec.
Grenier and Deschamps split up in May 2016. Instead of finding a new partner, Grenier announced their retirement on June 12.
Programs
With Deschamps
Ladies' singles
Competitive highlights
GP: Grand Prix; CS: Challenger Series; JGP: Junior Grand Prix
With Deschamps
Ladies' singles
References
External links
1992 births
Canadian female pair skaters
Living people
Sportspeople from Sherbrooke
Canadian female single skaters
Pribaikalsky National Park (also spelled Pribaykalski, ) covers the southwest coast of Lake Baikal in southeastern Siberia. The coastal strip includes the lake-facing slopes of the Primorsky Range to the west, as well as offshore islands such as Olkhon Island to the east. It is about 50 km southeast of the city of Irkutsk, Irkutsk Oblast. The park is managed with three other nature reserves, and is a major component of the UNESCO World Heritage Site "Lake Baikal". The Angara River, which is the outflow of Lake Baikal west into the Yenisei River basin, runs through the park. The park has very high levels of biodiversity and endemic species.
Topography
As a coastal strip and the base of the mountains west of the lake, the terrain is marked by uniform distribution of small, mountainous rivers (under 10 km each). Four rivers exceed 25 km in length. There are 150 permanent streams and rivers in the park, 60 of which flow into the lake. The streams and lakes are rain-fed and are of low salinity, with the exception of 20 karst and steppe lakes. Besides the Angara, another significant river is the Sarma River, (the source of the "Sarma (wind)" which has been recorded at 90 mph). There are only a few marshes, found in the low floodplains.
Mountains rise to the west of the lake, reaching heights of 1,100 meters in the south and 1,500 meters in the north. Olkhon Island is the fourth-largest lake-bound island in the world. It is 71 km long and 21 km wide, with a total area of 730 km2. It has little surface water, and only one lake on the island. It is forested, but receives little rain (on average 10 inches per year.)
Ecoregion and climate
Pribaikalsky is at the southern central extreme of the East Siberian taiga (WWF ID #601), a large ecoregion covering most of central Siberia. The ecoregion is characterized by subarctic temperatures (trees are deciduous and coniferous), continental temperature (high variation among four seasons), and long winters that are dry (due to the Siberian anticyclone). Pribaikalsky is at the high end of the ecoregion for precipitation, with 24 inches per year (averages for the ecoregion run from 8 to 24 inches per year.)
For aquatic habitat, the park is in the "Lake Baikal" freshwater ecoregion (WWF ID#601), a region that covers the immediate drainage basin of the lake. The water of the lake itself is characterized by oxygen saturation over 70% (even at maximum depths), high levels of clarity, and low calcium. Ice cover lasts from January–February to May each year. Olkhon Island has relatively little surface water.
The climate of Pribaikalsky is moderate continental (Köppen climate classification Dwb), characterized by four distinct seasons, high variance between winter and summer temperatures, long dry winters, and short, warm and rainy summers. Average temperatures range from -10 F in January to +67 F in July. Annual precipitation averages 24.5 inches.
Plants
The slopes of the mountains facing Lake Baikal are forested with steppe pine and larch. The wetter tops of the mountains are Siberian pine-fir, and in the valleys the tree cover is typically spruce, larch, alder, aspen, and birch.
Biodiversity and endemism is extremely high: the park and adjacent areas have recorded 1,385 species and subspecies of vascular plants, 339 species of mosses, 676 species and sub-species of lichens and 655 species of fungi. Of these, 557 are endemic to the park.
Animals
As with plants, the biodiversity of animals in the park is high. Over 2,500 species have been recorded, many of which are endemic. The park records 220 species of terrestrial vertebrates. The ungulates are typical of the Siberian taiga: Caspian deer, Siberian roe deer and moose. The carnivores include sables, Siberian weasels, and ermines. The steppe sections of the park are home to steppe polecats, long-tailed sousliks (a type of ground squirrel), meadow larks, and black kites. In hard-to-reach rocks and on the islands, there are rock doves and Siberian swifts. The largest mammal in the lake itself is the Baikal seal.
History
The site of the park has been inhabited since ancient times, with the greatest concentration of archaeological sites along the lake. Today, there are 1,500 Buryats, the indigenous people, living on Olkhon island.
Pribiakalsky National Park and Baikal-Lensky Nature Reserve ('Zapovednik') were created in 1986, and were placed under common management of "FGBU Zapovednoe Baikal". As with many Russian National Parks, there are a few small settlements within the park, such as Bolshie Koty on the lake.
Tourism
Pribaikalsky receives the majority of tourists, foreign and domestic, due to Lake Baikal (over 400,000 per year overall). The need to balance the recreational load with the conservation of nature is a large part of the park's mission. The park is open year-round. Buses and ferries into the park at Listvyanka are available in Irkutsk, and there is a ferry to Olkhon Island. Four settlements in the park have hotels and facilities, and there is a museum near Listvyanka. The 'Great Baikal Trail' runs along the west coast of the lake through Pribaikalsky; during the winter, the trail loop is open for skates, skis, and snowmobiles for tourists to view the ice formations.
See also
Protected areas of Russia
Lake Baikal
References
External links
Photo Gallery of Lake Baikal (captions in Russian)
Baikalo-Lensky Zapovednik - Center for Russian Nature Conservation
National parks of Russia
Protected areas established in 1986
1986 establishments in Russia
Geography of Irkutsk Oblast
Lake Baikal
William Davis Vincent (October 11, 1852 – February 28, 1922) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Dresden, Tennessee, Vincent moved with their parents to Riley County, Kansas, in 1858 and to Manhattan, Kansas, in 1864. They attended the public schools and the State agricultural college in Manhattan, Kansas. Vincent engaged in business in Manhattan 1872–1876.
They moved to Clay Center, Kansas, in 1878 and engaged in mercantile pursuits. Vincent was elected as a member of the city council in 1880. They served as member of the State board of railroad commissioners in 1893 and 1894.
Vincent was elected as a Populist to the Fifty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1897 – March 3, 1899). They engaged in the hardware business in Clay Center, Kansas, until their death in St. Louis, Missouri on February 28, 1922. They were interred in Greenwood Cemetery, Clay Center, Kansas.
References
1852 births
1922 deaths
People from Dresden, Tennessee
People's Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
People from Clay Center, Kansas
Politicians from Manhattan, Kansas
People from Riley County, Kansas
Kansas State University alumni
Businesspeople from Kansas
Kansas city council members
Kansas Populists
Members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
The 1982 Hackney Council election took place on 6 May 1982 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1982
1982 London Borough council elections
May 1982 events in the United Kingdom
Tào Thế Lệ Thu, stage name Hồ Lệ Thu (Hanoi, October 19, 1973) is a female pop singer from northern Vietnam.
Biography
Hồ Lệ Thu was born in Hà Nội, Vietnam. They started to exhibit their ambition for singing at a very early age, and when they were 10 years old, they attended the Labor Theatre House, a Vietnamese children's singing club. Many other Vietnamese singing artists, including Như Quỳnh and Phương Thanh, also attended this club.
Throughout Hồ Lệ Thu's teenage years, they participated in many singing competitions, and won many awards competing against Sài Gòn in secondary school. Thu eventually joined an amateur music band and starting to sing everywhere around Việt Nam.
In 1991, Thu's big chance came when a singing contest was held in Sài Gòn, and they performed very well, receiving second prize, losing only to Như Quỳnh who won first prize.
After this, Thu received many invitations for shows and truly started to be recognized as a professional singer. Right now they are a singer for a program called Paris By Night produced by Thúy Nga, since DVD Paris By Night 73: Song Ca Đặc Biệt – The Best of Duets.
HOA THIEN TAM Charity Foundation was founded by Ho Le Thu in US. The foundation was established to fund Vocational Rehabilitation for Poor Disabled Youth in Vietnam to get a new start in life.
Discography
Solo albums
Movies
Cánh Cửa Cuộc Đời
Đất Lạ
Long Xích Lô
Đâu Phải Vợ Người Ta
Trivia
Hồ Lệ Thu's favourite color is pink
Hồ Lệ Thu lived in France
Hồ Lệ Thu won the second prize of the Tiếng Hát Truyền Hình
References
External links
OfficialMySpace
Thuy Nga-Paris By Night Official Website
1973 births
Living people
People from Hanoi
21st-century Vietnamese women singers
20th-century Vietnamese women singers
Frederick Lytton Warner, MM (4 December 1875 – 17 January 1952) was an Australian politician who served as a Country Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1933 to 1943, representing the seat of Mount Marshall.
Warner was born in Foster, Victoria, to Diana (née Tippett) and Gustavus Meredith Warner. They arrived in Western Australia in 1895, initially worked as a labourer and then in 1900 joining the Western Australia Police. Warner spent periods as a police constable in Perth, Guildford, Maylands, and Marble Bar. They joined the Australian Imperial Force in 1916, and served in France with the 44th Battalion. Warner was awarded the Military Medal in 1918, for helping capture enemy machine guns. They were discharged in 1919 and rejoined the police force.
In 1922, Warner began farming at Nungarin, a small Wheatbelt locality. They became prominent in local agricultural circles, and at the 1933 state election was elected to parliament as an "Independent Country" candidate, defeating John Lindsay (the sitting Country Party member) in Mount Marshall. Warner sought Country Party endorsement for the 1936 election, and was re-elected with an increased majority. They were again re-elected in 1939, but did not recontest their seat at the 1943 election. Warner retired to Perth, dying there in January 1952 (aged 76). They had married Emma Kirby in 1897, with whom they had seven children.
References
1875 births
1952 deaths
Australian Army soldiers
Australian military personnel of World War I
Australian police officers
Australian recipients of the Military Medal
Independent members of the Parliament of Western Australia
Members of the Western Australian Legislative Assembly
National Party of Australia members of the Parliament of Western Australia
People from Foster, Victoria
Mitchell Niemeyer (born February 7, 1988 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a DJ/Producer. Working in house music they have played gigs in Las Vegas, Los Angeles, London, Miami, Brazil and Hong Kong.
Biography
Mitchell Niemeyer was raised in Amsterdam in the neighbourhood of “Jordaan”. It was here that they were exposed to all kinds of music, and where they became a DJ/Producer. Niemeyer has played every big festival in the Netherlands and surrounding countries, these have included Tomorrowland (BE), Mysteryland, Solar Festival and they have been in every Dirty Dutch line-up world-wide.
In 2013 Niemeyer released their first big single, a collaboration with Jonathan Mendelsohn, known for their work with Laidback Luke and Dash Berlin. Besides this single, they are working on new collaborations with multiple international artists, including former Destiny Child lead singer Kelly Rowland, who has already achieved house hits with artists such as David Guetta, announcing the collaboration with Mitchell Niemeyer personally via YouTube. In addition to the Kelly Rowland collaboration Niemeyer is working with artists such as Estelle, Chris Willis and the Nervo Twins.
In 2013 it was announced that they would become an official global ambassador for the Dutch watch brand TW Steel.
In November 2013 Mitchell Niemeyer's single #Pantsdown with The Partysquad hit the overall top 10 chart at Beatport.com The single reached until the number 6 spot in this top 10.
Discography
Singles
The Partysquad & Mitchell Niemeyer - #Pantsdown (2013)
Mitchell Niemeyer & Jonathan Mendelsohn - Hollywood (2013)
Gregor Salto & Mitchell Niemeyer - Just Yeah (2015)
Remixes
Madcon ft Kelly Rowland - One Life (Mitchell Niemeyer Remix) (2013)
Club tracks
Mitchell Niemeyer - Debut (2011)
Mitchell Niemeyer - Universal Rhythm (2011)
Mitchell Niemeyer - Botox (2012)
Delivio Reavon & Aaron Gill ft Mitchell Niemeyer - Rock Paper Scissors (2012)
Mitchell Niemeyer - Starscream (2012)
Mitchell Niemeyer - Radar (2012)
External links
1988 births
Living people
Taberer report is a report published in 1907, and composed by Henry Taberer and J. Glenn Leary. Taberer's work demonstrated evidence of male same-sex relationships in gold mines near Johannesburg, South Africa.
Background
Taberer was born on a mission station and was a fluent speaker of the languages used by the local population: they claimed to speak them more fluently than they did English. They were able to use this talent effectively when they became manager of the South African government's Native Labour Bureau and adviser to the Native Recruiting Corporation for the Chamber of Mines at a time of increasing industrial unrest. Leary was another respected official and they worked as a magistrate.
A large disparity between sexes existed within Mozambican migrant worker community in the South Africa. In 1886 there were 30,000 men but only 90 women of Mozambican descent in the Johannesburg region.
Before the establishment of colonial criminal labour systems homosexual relationships were not punished.
Report
Taberer and Leary were tasked with researching "mine marriages" between male African miners. Local missionaries had complained about immoralities that happened in the gold mines, and these complaints resulted in the investigation. Taberer coauthored the report with Leary. The report was based on evidence collected during a nine-day period in January 1907. Testimonies were gathered from 54 African and European witnesses. The questions and answers were remarkably explicit about sexual activity and motivations.
A Chopi miner working in the mines explained to Taberer that miners who engaged in homosexual acts with young men tried to avoid contracting a venereal disease. The view is supported by evidence that there were lower rates of venereal disease among Tsonga people when compared to those Africans who visited female prostitutes. The report successfully dismissed claims by Reverend Baker that the homosexual relations were violent and formed as formal marriages. Relationships between miners did not only include sex, but male "wives" did also give domestic services for their partners.
Taberer and Leary proposed several solutions for curtailing homosexual relationships between miners. However, they were rejected. For instance, they proposed that large numbers of female wives should be allowed to migrate with the men, or that large scale prostitution should be allowed. Ultimately, only screens around beds were banned throughout all industrial compounds of the South Africa.
Reliability
Taberer's neutrality can be questioned, however, because the issue of homosexual relationships between men was a sensitive topic, and because they were trying to advance in their career. Taberer and Leary's approach for collecting data did minimise the amount of recorded anal sex. They were also racist and clearly judgmental in their report.
See also
Kinsey reports
Men who have sex with men
Prison sexuality
Timeline of LGBT history in South Africa
References
Further reading
1900s in LGBT history
LGBT history in South Africa
Same-sex sexuality
Arshaly District (, ) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the settlement of Arshaly. Population:
Communities
Aktasty
Ansar (partly in Osakarov District)
Arshaly (Administrative Center)
Babatay
Beloyarka
Bereke
Ishevskoe
Kostomar
Koykeldy
Krasnoe Ozero
Michailovka
Michurino
Rodniki
Saryoba (Inland)
Saryoba (On Lake Saryoba)
Shortandy
Turgenevka
Volgodonovka
Vyachelsavka
References
Districts of Kazakhstan
Akmola Region
The Ignatian Volunteer Corps (IVC) is an American-Catholic volunteer service which matches volunteers with charities and nonprofits. IVC supports members of its corps through monthly faith sharing meetings, occasional retreats, and opportunities for one on one spiritual reflection in the Ignatian tradition.
History
IVC was founded in September 1995 by Jesuit teachers Jim Conroy S.J. and Charlie Costello S.J. with eleven service members in three cities (Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington D.C.). Corps members began by serving children and adults in need and reflecting together on their service experiences. Today, over 600 corps members serve in 25 cities across the country. The organization relies on a network of Directors and Regional Councils, led by a President/CEO and a national Board of Directors. The IVC national office is located in Baltimore, Maryland.
In 2002, Jim Conroy stepped down from the Executive director position in order to continue their Jesuit mission of service elsewhere. They still maintain contact with IVC and serves on the Board of Directors.
On October 29, 2004, Charlie Costello died from ill health.
IVC was founded 1995 by Jim Conroy SJ and Charlie Costello SJ in response to both the growing retired and semi-retired community in the U.S. and the desire of mature adults to express their faith in the light of Vatican II. From a handful of service members working in Baltimore at its founding, IVC has grown to over 650 service members nationwide. As IVC grew, it adopted a regional chapter model with twenty-three regions reporting to a national headquarters in Baltimore. Regional offices are managed by directors who have the resources, flexibility, and sufficient autonomy to accomplish the local mission of IVC while conforming to the essential norms and values of the IVC. Each office is expected to be economically viable, which is to say, covering all local operating expenses plus sharing in overhead costs related to all IVC regions such as costs related to accounting, payroll, grant writing, and marketing support.
The Program
Members of IVC's service corps commit to 600 hours a year (roughly two days a week) of skilled service with local charities. IVC works with partner community organizations addressing myriad social ills and working to create a more just world. Candidates for service positions are screened and vetted by region directors. Suitable candidates are then matched with a service placement based on skills, experience, and desire. IVC service members commit to one year of service with the ability to renew that commitment each year thereafter. Along with their hours of service with partner agencies, IVC service members attend monthly support meetings and engage on reflection on their service assignment. IVC service members receive no material compensation for their work, remain in their own homes and continue to be involved in their family, parish and community activities.
Partner agencies apply to IVC to receive a service member. IVC leverages human capital in the form of lifetimes of personal and professional experience. Partner agencies gain voluntary part-time nurses, lawyers, counselors, architects, and financial planner through IVC.
IVC's Roots
IVC accepts and encourages Ignatian volunteers of all Christian faiths. The program itself is rooted in the spirituality of St. Ignatius of Loyola, founder of the Society of Jesus. While members of the Society of Jesus, or Jesuits, are members of a religious order, IVC is one way among many for lay people to experience Ignatian spirituality. Ignatian spirituality is the practice of taking time to reflect and pray, to imitate Jesus and to discern God's calling. IVC borrows much from St. Ignatius of Loyola - their compassion; their commitment to people who are poor, marginalized, and abandoned; their desire to serve and bring about reconciliation in the world through love. IVC encourages its Volunteers to proceed in such a way of pilgrimage and labor in Christ.
The concepts of mission and reflection surface frequently in the Spiritual Reflection component of IVC. To a follower of Ignatian spirituality, service and reflection reinforce each other and seek to unite the volunteer with a very real notion of charity and, therefore, mission to live as “men and women for others”. Ignatius writes in The Spiritual Exercises, "Consider the address which Christ our Lord makes to all their servants and friends whom They send on this enterprise, recommending to them to seek to help all, first by attracting them to the highest spiritual poverty, and should it please the Divine Majesty, and should they deign to choose them for it, even to actual poverty." IVC promotes in mature adults the expression of divine love through service of and in the world.
2007 CARA Study
In January 2007, IVC turned to the Center for Applied Research in the Apostolate (CARA) at Georgetown University in order to better understand the effect of IVC on its former and current Ignatian Volunteers, spouses and spiritual reflectors. The resulting national survey of volunteers finds that over 93% felt that their service in IVC had helped them feel that they were spending their retirement in a fulfilling way. 91% of volunteers felt that the spiritual reflection component of IVC had somewhat or very much helped them to see God in the people they served. One volunteer said, “The most satisfying [experience] was the looks on the faces of nearly a dozen cook-trainees when I responded to an inquiry by one of them as to why I did this individual resource for them. I answered: “Because I love you.” The silence was absolute for maybe a minute and then they all stood as one and applauded; at least four of us were crying.”
External links
Ignatian Volunteer Corps
Society of Jesus in the U.S.A.
Catholic Network of Volunteer Services
References
Non-profit organizations based in the United States
Society of Jesus
TEAC may refer to:
TEAC Corporation, a Japanese electronics company
TEAC Oval, a sports stadium in Port Melbourne, Australia
Tetraethylammonium chloride, a chemical compound
Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity, a measure of antioxidant capacity
Transfer Emergency Action Contact, a procedure created by ICANN to deal with domain-related disputes
Thorium Energy Alliance Conference
Slaheddine Deguechi (born 20 October 1954) is a Tunisian handball player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1954 births
Living people
Tunisian male handball players
Olympic handball players of Tunisia
Handball players at the 1976 Summer Olympics
Place of birth missing (living people)
Hortiboletus rubellus, commonly known as the ruby bolete, is a small, dainty, brightly coloured member of the family Boletaceae, with a reddish cap and stipe, and yellow pores. Like many boletes, it stains blue when cut or bruised. It is found in deciduous woodland in autumn. There is some question over its edibility, and it is reportedly of poor quality with a taste of soap. Until 2015, the species was known as Boletus rubellus.
Taxonomy
Boletus rubellus was one of the pored basidiomycetes to be placed in the genus Xerocomus in the past, and is still regarded as such in some texts. The previously commonly used binomial name Boletus versicolor (Rostk.), published in 1844, is now reduced to synonymy as it postdates the current name by German mycologist Julius Vincenz von Krombholz which dates from 1836. Its present specific epithet is Latin for "somewhat red". The fungus was transferred to the new genus Hortiboletus in 2015, following molecular evidence indicating its genetic dissimilarity to Boletus.
Description
It is a small bolete, with the cap being rarely over in diameter. This cap is scarlet to raspberry red when young, with a dry velvety texture, often cracking in age. The extreme margin often has a pale yellow or white band around it, and it discolours darker and dirtier with age. The pores are small; pale yellow, and bruise slowly. Sometimes tapering, the stem is slender and long, and may reach . It is lemon yellow at the apex, but red elsewhere, and has a tendency to split or sheer vertically. The flesh is straw-coloured in the cap, and stains slowly blue over the tubes when cut. The flesh of the stem is pale yellow at the apex and yellow further down. At the stem base, the flesh may have a distinct spot of brick-red or orange. The tubes and pores are large and lemon-yellow, and may be greenish tinged when older. The spore print is olive. It smells pleasant, but indistinct, and is said to taste slightly soapy.
Conflicting information on pore size in notable publications is a possible indication that there may be more than one species involved, both in Britain and in North America.
Distribution and habitat
Uncommon to rare in Southern England, occurring largely with oak (Quercus). It also appears in Europe, and the Eastern United States and Canada. A similar species noted as "cf versicolor" has been collected from Victoria in southeastern Australia.
Edibility
The species is edible, but often maggoty, and some sources describe the taste as soapy.
Similar species
Boletus bicolor is almost identical, and B. campestris is very similar. Neither of these are reported in the British Isles.
In Europe, this species is often mistaken for the similar B. armeniacus which does not show the same red coloration in the stem base. Other similar species include Boletus chrysenteron, B. coccyginus, B. fraternus, and B. truncatus.
See also
List of North American boletes
References
Boletaceae
Fungi described in 1836
Fungi of Europe
Fungi of North America
1926 is a Cypriot monthly sports magazine published in Nicosia. It is the official magazine of the multi-sports club APOEL and was established in 2013.
History
The magazine was established in 2013 and published by MEDIAPRO as the APOEL's official magazine, providing a monthly insight about the Cypriot multisport club APOEL Nicosia. The magazine is named after the founding year of the club. The first issue appeared in March 2013 and was available throughout the island in media outlets, the Orange Shop (APOEL's official store), and online at readpoint.com.
Content
The magazine covers all of APOEL's teams (football, basketball, futsal, volleyball, water polo), as well as individual sports (archery, bowling, cycling, running, swimming, table tennis), with feature stories, interviews, retro, and presentations. The main focus is on football, since that sport is the most popular in Cyprus.
See also
APOEL FC
References
APOEL Nicosia
Magazines published in Cyprus
Greek-language magazines
Association football magazines
Magazines established in 2013
Monthly magazines
Waterford is a village located on and around St. Paul Street in North Smithfield, Rhode Island and Blackstone, Massachusetts. The Blackstone River and Branch River converge just south of the village.
Waterford was developed in 1824 by Welcome Farnum, a Yankee entrepreneur, who purchased land, built a dam on the Branch River, and constructed the first textile mill called Red Mill. They named the village Waterford because many of the Irish workers in their mill came from Waterford, Ireland. The last mills in the area were constructed mid-nineteenth century. Waterford is home to St. Paul's Church (1851), originally served a largely Irish population, and sits on the Rhode Island/Massachusetts border. Adjacent to the church is the church school and many businesses.
See also
Farnum's Gate Historic District, encompassing part of the Massachusetts side of the village
External links and references
Walter Nebiker, The History of North Smithfield (Somersworth, NH: New England History Press, 1976).
Villages in Providence County, Rhode Island
Villages in Rhode Island
Villages in Massachusetts
Villages in Worcester County, Massachusetts
Blackstone, Massachusetts
The Karelin Islands are a group of islands in extent, lying southeast of Tula Point, Renaud Island, in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica. They were first accurately shown on an Argentine government chart of 1957, and were named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1959 for Dmitriy Karelin (1913–1953), a Soviet meteorologist and pioneer of research on sea ice recording and forecasting.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
References
Islands of the Biscoe Islands
James Ford is an English record producer, songwriter and musician, known for being a member of Simian Mobile Disco and the Last Shadow Puppets as well as their production work with the Arctic Monkeys, Foals, Florence and the Machine, Depeche Mode, Haim, Gorillaz, Klaxons, Jessie Ware and Kylie Minogue.
Biography
Ford went to Manchester University, along with other members of Simian.
Ford was a founding member of the group Simian and later a member the spin-off duo Simian Mobile Disco.
They produced the Klaxons album Myths of the Near Future in 2007 which won the Mercury Prize. They also played drums on the album. Also that year, they produced the Arctic Monkeys second album. They have done at least part of the production on each of the band's subsequent albums. They played guitar on Arctic Monkeys' "Only Ones Who Know".
In 2008, they formed the Last Shadow Puppets with Miles Kane and Alex Turner, as both drummer and producer. Their debut album, The Age of the Understatement, earned the group a Mercury Prize nomination and also charted at No. 1 in the UK. Their second album, Everything You've Come to Expect, was released in 2016. Ford once again produced, also playing drums, percussion and keys. The record earned the group their second UK No. 1.
Ford produced and played keys on Arctic Monkeys' fifth album, AM, released in 2013. Their work on the album gained them a further Mercury Prize nomination.
Ford has produced the 14th Depeche Mode album Spirit released on 17 March 2017, as well as the fourth studio album of the UK band Everything Everything under the title A Fever Dream, released on 18 August 2017.
In 2018, Ford co-produced the Arctic Monkeys' 6th studio album Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino, as well as Gorillaz' 6th studio album The Now Now.
Discography
Groups
Simian, Chemistry is what we are (2001, drums, production)
Simian, We Are Your Friends (2002, drums)
Simian Mobile Disco, Attack Decay Sustain Release (2007)
Simian Mobile Disco, Temporary Pleasure (2009)
Simian Mobile Disco, Delicacies (2010)
Simian Mobile Disco, Unpatterns (2012)
Simian Mobile Disco, Whorl (2014)
Simian Mobile Disco, Welcome to Sideways (2016)
Simian Mobile Disco, Murmurations (2018)
Production
Fingathing – And the Big Red Nebula Band (co-producer; 2004)
Garden – Round & Round (2005)
Test Icicles – For Screening Purposes Only (2005)
Absentee – Schmotime (2006)
Duels – The Bright Lights and What I Should Have Learned (2006)
Mystery Jets – Making Dens (2006)
Arctic Monkeys – Favourite Worst Nightmare (co-produced with Mike Crossey; 2007)
The Bumblebeez – Prince Umberto & The Sister of Ill (2007)
Klaxons – Myths of the Near Future (2007)
The Lodger – Grown-Ups (2007)
The Last Shadow Puppets – The Age of the Understatement (2008)
Florence and the Machine – Lungs (4 tracks; co-produced with Paul Epworth, Charlie Hugall, Stephen Mackey and Eg White; 2009)
Peaches – I Feel Cream (2009)
Arctic Monkeys – Humbug (3 tracks; co-produced with Josh Homme; 2009)
Crocodiles – Sleep Forever (2010)
Detachments – Detachments (2010)
Chrome Hoof – Crush Depth (2010)
Alex Turner – Submarine EP (2011)
Beth Ditto – Beth Ditto EP (2011)
Arctic Monkeys – Suck It And See (2011)
Birdy – Birdy (2011)
Florence and the Machine – Ceremonials (2011)
Little Boots – Nocturnes (2013)
Bill Ryder-Jones – A Bad Wind Blows in My Heart (additional production; 2013)
Arctic Monkeys – AM (11 tracks; co-produced with Ross Orton; 2013)
Haim – Days Are Gone (2 tracks; co-produced with Ludwig Göransson, Haim and Ariel Rechtshaid; 2013)
Jessie Ware – Tough Love (2014)
Mumford & Sons – Wilder Mind (2015)
Damian Lazarus & The Ancient Moons – Message from the Other Side (2015)
Foals – What Went Down (2015)
Florence and the Machine – How Big, How Blue, How Beautiful (2015)
Bill Ryder-Jones – West Kirby County Primary (additional production; 2015)
The Last Shadow Puppets – Everything You've Come To Expect (2016)
Alexandra Savior – Belladonna of Sadness (co-produced with Alex Turner); (2017)
Depeche Mode – Spirit (2017)
Little Dragon – Season High (additional production; 2017)
Methyl Ethel – Everything Is Forgotten (co-produced with Jake Webb) (2017)
Shock Machine – Shock Machine (2017)
Declan McKenna – What Do You Think About the Car? (2017)
Everything Everything – A Fever Dream (2017)
Arctic Monkeys – Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino (co-produced with Alex Turner; 2018)
Gorillaz – The Now Now (co-produced with Damon Albarn; 2018)
Matthew Dear – Bunny (1 track, co-produced with Jas Shaw; 2018)
Florence and the Machine – Moderation (non-album single, co-produced with Matthew Daniel Siskin; 2019)
Friendly Fires – Inflorescent (2 tracks, one co-produced with Mark Ralph; 2019)
Foals – Everything Not Saved Will Be Lost – Part 1 (additional production; 2019)
Foals – Everything Not Saved Will Be Lost – Part 2 (additional production; 2019)
Jessie Ware – What's Your Pleasure? (11 tracks out of 12; 4 co-produced; 2020)
Gorillaz – Song Machine, Season One: Strange Timez (3 tracks co-produced; 2020)
Shame – Drunk Tank Pink (2021)
Kylie Minogue – Disco: Guest List Edition (2021)
Birdy - Young Heart (4 tracks; 2021)
Arctic Monkeys – The Car'' (2022)
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
English pop musicians
People from Leek, Staffordshire
English record producers
The Last Shadow Puppets members
Musicians from Staffordshire
Chahar Suq or Chehar Suq () may refer to:
Chahar Suq, Hamadan
Chahar Suq, Razavi Khorasan
Chahar Suq And Haji Muhammad Husayn Mosque
Björn Petter Bragée (born 10 September 1968) is a Swedish film director, film producer and screenwriter, well known as director for the Vintergatan series. They have also produced among the TV series Landgång.
Bragée received Ollénpriset ("The Ollén Award") in 2005.
References
External links
Swedish film directors
Swedish screenwriters
Swedish male screenwriters
Swedish film producers
Living people
1968 births
The Football Association Community Shield (formerly the Charity Shield, up to and including the 2001 edition) is an annual association football match organised by the Football Association and presently contested between the champions of the Premier League and the winners of the FA Cup. In the event where a club achieves the domestic double, it will go on to face the league runners-up instead. The match is played every August as the "traditional curtain-raiser" and first trophy of the new English domestic football season. Since 1974, all but seven of the matches have been held at either the original or new Wembley stadiums. Stamford Bridge, which was where the inaugural Charity Shield was played in 1908, has hosted the second-most finals with 11.
The format of the competition has been modified many times over the years. The game was initially contested between the champions of the Football League and the Southern Football League from its inception until 1912, after which both professional and amateurs players participated. Following a six-year suspension as a result of the First World War, the competition resumed in 1920 with a game between the champions of the Football League First and Second Divisions. The following year saw the match arrangement changed again to become a match between the Football League champion and the winner of the FA Cup, switching several more times between the amateur/professional and league champion/FA Cup winner matches during the 1920s. From 1930 onwards it settled to a standard fixture between the FA Cup winner and the Football League champion, except on three occasions. In 1950, the England World Cup squad played the England team who toured Canada that summer, while double-winning Tottenham Hotspur played an "F.A. Selected XI" in 1961 that was described by The Times as being an "England team masquerading". A decade later in 1971, Arsenal won the double and opted against contesting the Shield in favour of playing in more profitable friendlies in Europe; Leicester City – the champions of the Second Division – took their place.
Manchester United hold the record for the most victories, winning the competition 21 times since its inception. They also hold the distinction of having the most appearances (30) and most losses (9). Although the Shield has had its share of historical moments – from Eric Cantona's first career hat-trick in 1992, to Manchester United's first loss of 1999 ending a streak of 33 consecutive games without a defeat – it has been dismissed as a ceremonial friendly that is not on par with other domestic honours in terms of prestige. Winning the Shield has proven to be an unreliable indicator of success in the forthcoming season. Since the establishment of the Premier League in 1992, only eight clubs that won the Shield proceeded to become League champions in the same season, the last being Manchester City in 2018–19. Indeed, Gianluca Vialli was sacked only weeks after guiding Chelsea to the victory in the 2000 match, following a lacklustre start to the season. The current holders are Liverpool, who defeated Manchester City 3–1 in the 2022 edition.
Results
{| class="wikitable plainrowheaders"
|+Key
!scope="row" style="text-align:center"|(R)
|Replay
|-
!scope="row" style="text-align:center; background:#FBCEB1"|
|Title was shared after match finished in a draw
|-
!scope="row" style="text-align:center; background:#cedff2"|
|Match decided by penalty shoot-out after full-time
|-
!scope="row" style="text-align:center; background:#ffbbbb"|
|Team was established for this match only
|}
Results by club
Teams shown in italics are no longer in existence, are still in existence but relocated, or were established only for the purpose of playing in these matches.
Notes
ReferencesGeneralSpecific'''
External links
Official website
FA Community Shield
FA Community Shield
Nezameddin (Nezam) Mahdavi-Amiri (born August 11, 1952) is an Iranian mathematician and Distinguished Professor of Mathematics at Sharif University of Technology.
 They are known for their works on Computational Optimization, Scientific Computing, Matrix Computations, Mathematical Software and Fuzzy Optimization.
References
Living people
1952 births
21st-century Iranian mathematicians
Distinguished professors in Iran
Sharif University of Technology faculty
Johns Hopkins University alumni
is a high inclination trans-Neptunian object and slow rotator from the outer Solar System, approximately 100 kilometers in diameter. It was first observed at ESO's La Silla Observatory in northern Chile on 30 November 2010.
Orbit and classification
orbits the Sun at a distance of 18.8–87.0 AU once every 384 years and 9 months (140,538 days). Its orbit has an eccentricity of 0.65 and an inclination of 70° with respect to the ecliptic.
As of October 2019, it is one of six known objects with inclination (i) > 60° and perihelion (q) > 15 AU, along with the first discovered .
Physical characteristics
Rotation period
A rotational lightcurve of was obtained from photometric observations by the LaSilla–Quest Variability Survey at La Silla in Chile. Lightcurve analysis gave a rotation period of 263.8 hours with a brightness amplitude of 0.14 magnitude (). It belongs to the Top 200 slowest rotators known to exist.
Diameter and albedo
It measures 112.7 kilometers in diameter and its surface has an albedo of 0.074. The Collaborative Asteroid Lightcurve Link assumes a standard albedo of 0.10 and calculates a diameter of 100.81 kilometers based on an absolute magnitude of 8.1.
References
External links
List Of Centaurs and Scattered-Disk Objects, Minor Planet Center
Trans-Neptunian objects
Damocloids
Minor planet object articles (unnumbered)
Slow rotating minor planets
20101130
Prize indemnity insurance is indemnification insurance for a promotion in which the participants are offered the chance to win prizes. Instead of keeping cash reserves to cover large prizes, the promoter pays a premium to an insurance company, which then reimburses the insured should a prize be given away.
Hole-in-one insurance
One of the earliest and most common forms of prize indemnity insurance is hole-in-one insurance. Hole-in-one insurance, often purchased by a golf tournament host or sponsor, reimburses tournament organizers for the cost of awarding a hole-in-one prize in the event a tournament participant successfully hits a hole-in-one during the tournament.
According to the newspaper USA Today, the odds of an amateur golfer hitting a hole in one on an arbitrary par 3 holes are about 1 in 12,500. These low odds allow golf tournaments to offer expensive prizes to golfers able to hit a hole-in-one during tournament play. In order to be able to afford such expensive prizes, tournament hosts can purchase prize indemnity coverage to protect themselves from having to pay for the prize from their own funds.
Companies that provide hole-in-one insurance may provide signs or other accessories to help the tournament host promote the hole-in-one prize. The insurance contract between the golf tournament and insurance company will detail rules such as: which holes on the course the prize will be insured on, how to verify the hole-in-one was achieved legitimately, and what to do if a contestant hits a hole-in-one on a hole other than the insured hole. Variables that affect the cost of the hole-in-one insurance include: the number of participants in the tournament, the skill of the participants (amateur vs. professional golfers), the length of the insured hole, and the value of the prize being offered.
Motor racing
Prize indemnity is also used in motor sport to help offset the high costs of running a team. The highest recorded payout for such a policy was $250,000 during the 1992 Interserie.
Other uses
In addition to hole-in-one insurance for golf events, prize indemnity insurance companies typically offer coverages for other types of contests as well. For example, contest coverage can frequently be purchased for contests such as half-court shots in basketball, field-goal kicks in football, home runs in baseball, blue-line goals in hockey, and even retail and casino-based promotions as well.
For example, in the 2005 Super Bowl, prizes were set to be awarded for several events, including a return of the opening kickoff for a touchdown, a safety, and a fourth-quarter field goal of 50 yards or more. Prize indemnity insurance was purchased to cover all these events. However, none of the events occurred in the game.
Most television game shows pay for prize indemnity insurance for million-dollar prizes. One example came from April 2008, when such an insurance provider demanded RTL Group and CBS toughen a million dollar win provisions after The Price Is Right $1,000,000 Spectacular produced three millionaires in the six episodes produced that season under the new rules imposed for the season. To win the $1,000,000 prize, the contestants had to give a winning bid within $1,000 of the final showcase's retail price. The insurance company demanded that this threshold be reduced to $500, and that one of the million-dollar pricing games be removed. After the four episodes aired with the new rules, RTL and CBS have not produced any further "a million dollar" episodes in years since, possibly due to the insurance concerns. Since 2013, "Big Money Week" with $100,000 or greater prizes has aired in daytime close to the television sweeps and prime-time episodes have aired sporadically since then, but using the daytime budget. The most common Big Money Week million-dollar game is Plinko, by simply replacing the $10,000 slot with a $200,000 slot.
References
Types of insurance
The Babinov Road (Бабиновская дорога) was for a long time the shortest path across the Urals. It led from Solikamsk to Verkhoturye and thence to Tobolsk in Siberia. It was discovered by Artemy Babinov in 1597 and hacked out of the forests several years later, replacing a complicated river route that had been used in the 16th century.
It was the construction of the Babinov Road that made possible the Russian colonization of Siberia and the enormous territorial growth of the Tsardom of Russia in the 17th century. The route was apparently based on an existing trail used by Khanty and Mansi hunters.
In the 17th century, Russian travellers to Siberia passed through a chain of small forts protecting the road from raids by native tribes. Verkhoturye, the first of these forts, was built at its eastern end in 1598.
Babinov's Road remained the only practicable route from Europe to Siberia until the construction of the Great Siberian Road in 1735.
References
External links
The map of Babinov Road
Roads in Russia
Roads in Siberia
History of Siberia
The men's 200 metres event at the 2005 Summer Universiade was held on 17–18 August in Izmir, Turkey.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Wind:Heat 1: -0.1 m/s, Heat 2: +0.1 m/s, Heat 3: +1.9 m/s, Heat 4: 0.0 m/s, Heat 5: +1.2 m/sHeat 6: +1.4 m/s, Heat 7: +0.4 m/s, Heat 8: -0.4 m/s, Heat 9: +1.8 m/s
Quarterfinals
Wind:Heat 1: -0.1 m/s, Heat 2: +0.3 m/s, Heat 3: +0.3 m/s, Heat 4: -0.4 m/s
Semifinals
Wind:Heat 1: -0.7 m/s, Heat 2: +0.2 m/s
Final
Wind: +1.1 m/s
References
Final results
Full results
Athletics at the 2005 Summer Universiade
2005
Tytthus pygmaeus is a Palearctic species of true bug
References
Miridae
Hemiptera of Europe
Insects described in 1838
Pot Luck was an Australian talent television series aired on Network Ten in 1987. It was hosted by Ernie Sigley.
Network 10 original programming
Australian music television series
1987 Australian television series debuts
1987 Australian television series endings
Music competitions in Australia
English-language television shows
Busways Travel Services was a bus company, which operated local and regional bus services in Tyne and Wear, England. The company was purchased by the Stagecoach Group in July 1994.
History
In October 1986, to comply with the Transport Act 1985, the assets of the Tyne and Wear Passenger Transport Executive were transferred to a new legal entity, known as Busways Travel Services.
In May 1989, the company was sold to its employees in an employee share ownership plan – with management owning 51% of shares and employees owning 49%. During this time, the fleet carried the strap line "An employee owned company".
In 1993, the company's management considered an offer from the employee board members to buy out some of the management shares using one of the employee share trusts. Given the fast-paced development of the industry at the time, this was not thought to be in the company's long-term interest.
By March 1994, the company was considering options of geographic expansion, merger, acquisition or sale to a national group. The company had become concerned at its proximity to the recently floated Go-Ahead Group, and the fact that United Automobile Services to the south, and Northumbria to the north, were also possible targets for the larger groups. It believed that independently it would struggle to defend the company against expansion by these neighbours in the future.
The Busways board came to the conclusion that a merger with one of the larger groups was the only viable option.
Stagecoach ownership
Stagecoach acquired Busways in July 1994. This takeover had to be accepted by around 1,700 employee shareholders, 99% of which accepted. Stagecoach was the preferred and recommended bidder out of two national groups.
Busways was relatively unique amongst new Stagecoach subsidiaries in that it kept its identity for a few years, before the corporate livery was rolled out. During this period fleet names carried the new strap line 'Part of the Stagecoach Group'. On eventual adoption of the striped scheme, the Busways, Blue Bus Service and Economic names survived in the red Stagecoach strap lines. Busways was eventually dropped with the emergence of the second generation Stagecoach livery.
Darlington controversy
In January 1994, employee owned Busways had been considering expanding in the Darlington area, although by March this study was suspended while other possible futures were being considered. In the months following the Stagecoach takeover, the Busways subsidiary was a key player in the Darlington Bus War.
Stagecoach North East
The Busways Travel Services name still exists as the legal entity behind Stagecoach North East. Buses are liveried as Stagecoach in Newcastle/Sunderland/South Shields. The Busways travel shops in Newcastle have since been closed. Byker Bus depot has been demolished and replaced by a brand-new facility at Walkergate.
Fleet history
Busways inherited a large fleet of panoramic windowed Leyland Atlanteans and Daimler Fleetlines from the PTE, although these had been substantially renewed in 1986 with 65 Alexander RH bodied Leyland Olympians. Busways also inherited several Bristol LH single-deckers from the PTE, many of which were scrapped or converted to driver trainers. Some examples survived into 1994, used in the main fleet, Blue Bus Services and Favourite Services, and the type was added to in this time with many second hand examples. In PTE ownership the company acquired several 1987 Mercedes-Benz 709D minibuses, and 1989 Leyland Lynxes.
In 1989 and 1991, employee owned Busways standardised on the Scania N113 chassis, on Northern Counties and Alexander RH double-deck bodies, and Alexander PS single-deck bodies. The double deck fleet was also added to with the purchase of Northern Counties-bodied 1987 Leyland Olympians from London Transport's Bexleybus operation. In 1992, Busways moved into the midibus market, purchasing Alexander Dash bodied Dennis Darts, although 1993 batches were augmented with Plaxton bodied examples.
Dart purchases continued into the Stagecoach ownership. In 1994 some second hand Bristol REs were acquired for the Blue Bus Services and Economic fleets, all of which were withdrawn by 1998. The double-deck fleet was again augmented with 40 Alexander RL bodied Volvo Olympians in late 1995/early 1996.
Identities
Busways
The majority of bus services were under the Busways fleet name, with an appropriate pre-name: Newcastle (Slatyford), City (Byker), South Shields and Sunderland. The livery adopted was based on the old PTE scheme of cadmium yellow (as previously used by Newcastle Corporation) and white, but with a coloured skirt, midline band, wheelhubs and fleetname according to division: maroon for City and Newcastle, blue for South Shields and green for Sunderland - colours previously associated with the former Corporation Transport liveries - or black for ancillary vehicles. Minibuses wore a similar scheme, but with a black skirt, thin black, green, maroon and blue stripes, and black "Mini Busways" fleetnames in order that they could be quickly transferred between divisions.
Blue Bus Services
This division, which shared the Newcastle Busways depot at Slatyford, was originally for the former PTE bus services which ran from Newcastle northwards into Northumberland, most notably the Ponteland and Darras Hall routes. It later expanded into PTE contract work, using older buses from the main Busways fleet. It was launched in advance of deregulation, in July 1986, and the name was a throw-back to the "Blue Bus Services" of Newcastle Corporation Transport many years before the PTE came along. Blue Bus Services vehicles, which were all dual-purpose vehicles at the start, wore a dark blue and cream livery, with either dark blue fleetnames applied to the cream area. or yellow fleetnames applied to the dark blue area, while some buses transferred from Economic, Armstrong Galley Buses or even the main fleet were not repainted and just gained new fleetnames.
Favourite
The Favourite operation was introduced in certain parts of County Durham to compete with Trimdon Motor Services, whose subsidiary Tyne & Wear Omnibus Company had set up in Newcastle (and later Sunderland) in direct competition with Busways. It later expanded into contract work, including one of the town routes in Sunderland. Favourite buses wore a livery of white upper, dark orange midline and a brown skirt, with brown fleet names - essentially Greater Manchester PTE colours, as that was where much of the original fleet had originated.
Economic
The name "Economic" had been used by the associated businesses of GR Anderson and EW Wilson of Whitburn for their services between Sunderland and South Shields. These had been acquired by Tyne & Wear PTE on 1 January 1975. Prior to deregulation, TWPTE had painted an Atlantean in the old Economic colours of maroon and off-white (with black lining) to mark the 60th anniversary of the business, and as deregulation approached two of brand-new Leyland Olympians were delivered to the PTE in those colours, and with gold "ECONOMIC" fleetnames. At deregulation the Sunderland - South Shields routes 505 and 506 became Economic routes E1 and E2 (the E6 was introduced later), although Economic was in reality part of South Shields Busways.
Armstrong Galley
On 24 August 1973, Tyne & Wear PTE acquired two associated Newcastle-based businesses, R Armstrong (Bus Proprietor) Ltd. and Galley's Coaches Ltd., and immediately the "Armstrong Galley" name was adopted for the PTE's coaching and private hire division. Initially retaining the original PTE yellow and cream colours (of Newcastle Corporation), a new colour scheme of mid-blue with yellow, orange and red stripes was adopted around 1980. Armstrong Galley introduced a flagship service to London in the early 1980s, competing with National Express, and branded "Non-Stop Clipper". and used the striking 3 axle double deck coach, the MCW Metroliner. The Armstrong Galley operations continued unchanged with the creation of Busways in October 1986, but in the early 1990s it expanded into low-cost bus operation (using other divisions' cast-offs), culminating in an "Armstrong Galley Buses" operation being set up. These vehicles used a livery of mid-blue and white After the Stagecoach takeover, the Armstrong Galley operations were closed down, with buses being transferred to Blue Bus Services.
Tyne & Wear Omnibus Company
Tyne & Wear Omnibus Company was an independent operator purchased by Go-Ahead Group, then immediately sold to Busways for £2m on 17 November 1989. Tyne & Wear Omnibus Company wore a livery of a white upper, dark blue lowers, with a green and maroon double stripe, and yellow fleet names. The identity was short-lived, and used only on minibuses. It disappeared in the withdrawal of these vehicles, with services transferred to Busways and Blue Bus.
Welcome Passenger Services
Welcome was an independent minibus based competitor in Newcastle using red and yellow vehicles. The company was bought by Busways in August 1993 and run as a subsidiary until the company was made dormant on 31 October.
Innovations
FareSaver
Busways introduced a travel card for just its routes, in competition with the previous PTE network wide travel cards. The FareSaver was heavily marketed with branded buses.
100 MetroCentre Shuttle
Since the creation of Busways coincided with the opening of the MetroCentre shopping mall in Gateshead, this saw the creation and subsequent continuous operation of one of the few south of the River Tyne services of the Newcastle division, the 100 MetroCentre Shuttle which commenced in February 1987, initially using Reeve Burgess minibuses and ex-London Country Bristol LHS buses. In 1989 these were replaced with Scania N113CRB Alexander PS buses.
100 Shuttles was operated in a dedicated livery of the newest delivered single deck vehicles. The livery has undergone several iterations, and now exists as a rather subdued route-branded version of the standard Stagecoach livery, albeit still operated by unique new Enviro300 single-deckers.
Low cost units
In deregulated operation, the Blue Bus Services and Favourite Services units were operated as low-cost operations, in order to win the now tendered PTE supported services, and to operate on low margin commercial routes in the Busways area.
Magic Bus
In 1997, Busways was chosen by Stagecoach as the first location for trials of the Magic Bus concept in a currently owned operator's area. This was a new take on the low cost concept, but run on the company's existing high volume corridors, rather than on tendered or low margin routes. Routes were numbered as per the main services, but with an 'M' suffix, e.g. 12M, 39M.
The purpose of the operation was to compete with emerging smaller competitors, and provide a low-fare alternative to the main services, thereby increasing ridership by offering cheaper travel options. PTE and travel passes were not valid on Magic Buses, but Busways travel passes were.
Magic Bus vehicles as a consequence tended to be the older vehicles in the fleet, and were more prone to breakdowns as a result. Coincidentally, many of the first Olympians bought by the PTE and inherited by Busways, were re-deployed by Stagecoach onto Magic Bus routes in Glasgow.
Quality Corridors
Busways introduced a quality service concept using the 'Blue Riband' brand name, which appeared on buses a timetable leaflets. This saw a blue riband applied to certain vehicles on these quality corridors
Environmentally friendly buses
Busways trialled early versions of technology for cleaner, quieter buses, promoted by specially liveried 'Green Machine' buses. These included a Scania N113 and a Leyland Lynx.
References
External links
Bus Company purchasing records web site
Busways Atlantean 111 Restoration Group
Bristol Commercial Vehicle Enthusiasts - Busways LH and RE fleet list
A website detailing Busways South Shields operations
bus service. Heritage website
Former bus operators in Tyne and Wear
Former PTE bus operators
Stagecoach Group
Transport companies established in 1986
Transport companies disestablished in 1995
1986 establishments in England
1995 disestablishments in England
In enzymology, an aconitate Δ-isomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
trans-aconitate cis-aconitate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, trans-aconitate, and one product, cis-aconitate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases transposing C=C bonds. The systematic name of this enzyme class is aconitate Delta2-Delta3-isomerase. This enzyme is also called aconitate isomerase.
References
EC 5.3.3
Enzymes of unknown structure
Notes and the Like is the second studio album by German indie electronic band Ms. John Soda. It was released on 3 March 2006 by Morr Music.
Reception
At Metacritic, which assigns a weighted average score out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, Notes and the Like received an average score of 66 based on seven reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews".
Track listing
Personnel
Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.
Ms. John Soda
Micha Acher
Stefanie Böhm
Additional musicians
Thomas Geltinger
Elias Giggenbach
Johanna Giggenbach
Carl Oesterhelt
Andreas Gerth – additional programming
Aqua Luminus III – Akai MPC
Mathis Mayr – cello
Wolfgang Schönwetter – horns
Stefan Schreiber – flute, saxophone
Tobi Weber – viola
Production
Michael Heilrath – mixing
Ms. John Soda – mixing
Mario Thaler – additional recording
Nick Webb – mastering
Design
Jan Kruse – artwork
Gerald von Foris – photography
References
External links
2006 albums
Ms. John Soda albums
Morr Music albums
Richard Gil Kerlikowske (born November 23, 1949) is a former Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. They assumed office on March 6, 2014 and retired January 20, 2017. They also served as the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy between 2009 and 2014.
Kerlikowske graduated from the University of South Florida in Tampa and the Executive Institute at the Federal Bureau of Investigation Academy. They have served as Chief of Police in four cities and worked in the United States Justice Department. Their longest term as a Chief of Police was between July 2001 and March 2009 in Seattle, Washington. They faced scrutiny in Seattle for the department's tactics during civil unrest. In 2017, they were an IOP Fellow at Harvard Kennedy School of Government.  They are currently a distinguished visiting fellow and professor of the Practice in Criminology and Criminal Justice at Northeastern University.
Early life and education
Kerlikowske was raised in Florida by their mother and stepfather.
Kerlikowske graduated from Fort Myers High School in 1968. They hold a B.A. and M.A. in criminal justice from the University of South Florida in Tampa. The school also gave them an honorary doctorate.  They are a graduate of the National Executive Institute at the Federal Bureau of Investigation's Academy in Quantico, Virginia.
Career
Kerlikowske was drafted into the United States Army served from 1970 to 1972 in the military police, and was stationed in Washington, D.C. Part of their responsibility was saluting then-President Richard Nixon as they boarded the presidential helicopter and they were awarded the Presidential Service Badge. They began their law enforcement career in 1972 as a police officer for the St. Petersburg Police in Florida. They served as Chief of Police in Fort Pierce, Florida and Port St. Lucie, Florida. They later served as police commissioner for Buffalo, New York for about a year and a half.
They served as a member of the United States Justice Department, where they oversaw community policing grants. Their work in Washington D.C. earned praise from then-Attorney General Janet Reno and then-First Lady Hillary Clinton.
Seattle Police Department
Kerlikowske joined the Seattle Police Department in 2000. Mayor Paul Schell chose them as Seattle's new police chief in July 2001.
Kerlikowske oversaw the demonstrations marking the second anniversary of the controversial WTO conference in Seattle which had caused their predecessor, Norm Stamper, to resign. Although the event was peaceful throughout the day, 140 were arrested after police issued orders to disperse in the evening. Some of those arrested were prominent labor leaders attempting to move the event to the Labor Temple and others who were caught in the arrest zone while leaving work. Some charges were later dismissed. The police department was later criticized by the American Civil Liberties Union for the handling of protests against the Iraq War and previous demonstrations in a 2003 letter to the mayor and Kerlikowske.
Kerlikowske faced criticism over the department's slow response to the 2001 Seattle Mardi Gras Riots that left one man dead and 70 people with injuries. During the incident, they ordered the police at the scene not to intervene, instead maintaining a perimeter around the violence. The City of Seattle acknowledged police strategy presented a public safety threat, and settled with the murder victim's family for just under $2 million. The next month, The Seattle Police Officers' Guild voted no confidence in the chief, citing both the Mardi Gras riot and their public reprimand of an officer for being rude to a group of alleged jaywalkers.
In 2003, a ballot measure passed in Seattle that directs the police department to consider marijuana possession (for adult personal use) the City's lowest law enforcement priority. Kerlikowske opposed the ballot initiative, but said such arrests were already a low priority.
2003 was the first time in 15 years that Seattle did not have any shooting deaths involving officers. Kerlikowske said Tasers and other less-lethal tools were partly responsible. In September 2004, the local NAACP president asked to be Tased to better understand the complaints their organization had received. Kerlikowske joined them in a public demonstration in which they were both shocked at the same time.
In 2005, Kerlikowske faced embarrassment after having their duty handgun stolen from their locked car, which was parked on a public street.
In March 2007, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Minority Executive Directors Coalition called for their resignation. Seattle had just settled a lawsuit filed by a suspect who alleged that the police had used excessive force in a 2005 arrest. The department's Office of Professional Accountability (OPA) recommended discipline for the three officers involved but action was not taken. The call for their resignation was also due to criticism of their alleged intervention in the internal investigation of two officers accused of violating the civil rights of a drug dealer during an arrest in January. The suspect claimed the officers roughed them up which was supported by video footage of the incident. The OPA Review Board accused them of taking extraordinary measures to protect the officers. The complaint was referred to the FBI, U.S. Attorney's district office, and Civil Rights Division of the U.S. Department of Justice for further investigation.
Director of the ONDCP
On February 11, 2009, it was reported that Kerlikowske had accepted an offer by President Barack Obama to become Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, succeeding John P. Walters. The Drug Policy Alliance issued a statement after the announcement of their nomination saying: "We're cautiously optimistic that Seattle Police Chief Gil Kerlikowske will support Obama's drug policy reform agenda". They assumed the office on May 7, 2009.
On May 13, 2009, Kerlikowske signaled that the Obama Administration would no longer use the term "War on Drugs", as it is counter-productive. The Obama Administration would instead demonstrate a favoring of treatment over incarceration in trying to reduce drug use.
In a May 22, 2009 interview on KUOW radio, they said any drug 'legalization' would be "waving the white flag" and that "legalization is off the charts when it comes to discussion, from my viewpoint" and that "legalization vocabulary doesn't exist for me and it was made clear that it doesn't exist in President Obama's vocabulary." Specifically about marijuana, they said, "It's a dangerous drug" and about the medical use of marijuana, they said, "we will wait for evidence on whether smoked marijuana has any medicinal benefits – those aren't in."
In October 2010 they said the federal government would sue the state of California if it legalized marijuana in Proposition 19.
On November 2, 2010, the state of California voted on Proposition 19, which entailed legalizing marijuana for personal uses, growing or cultivating it, as well as sale and taxation of it. The Proposition lost by 500,000 votes out of the near 7 million votes cast. "Californians recognized that legalizing marijuana will not make our citizens healthier, solve California's budget crisis or reduce drug related violence in Mexico," said Gil Kerlikowske.
In a December 9, 2010 interview with The Nation magazine, Kerlikowske called Nancy Reagan's "Just Say No" campaign one of the "major successes" of the War on Drugs.
On June 6, 2011, Kerlikowske published their report "Drug policies must be rooted in science," in response to a report calling for the decriminalization of illicit drugs by the Global Commission on Drug Policy. In the report, they deny the Commission's assertions that the War on Drugs is failing and costing billions of the taxpayers' dollars. The report claims that the economic impact of illicit drug use is $80 billion for health care and productivity.
Commissioner of CBP
On August 1, 2013, President Obama nominated them to serve as Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. On March 6, 2014, the U.S. Senate confirmed them as the first permanent commissioner for the agency that oversees both customs and immigration officers at the country's ports of entry and the Border Patrol since before Obama took office in 2009.
See also
List of U.S. executive branch czars
References
External links
Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske-U.S. Customs and Border Protection
Presidential Nominations
Interview with Gil Kerlikowske on PMAKid.com
|-
1949 births
Chiefs of the Seattle Police Department
Directors of the Office of National Drug Control Policy
Living people
Military personnel from Florida
Obama administration personnel
Politicians from St. Petersburg, Florida
People from Fort Pierce, Florida
People from Fort Myers, Florida
People from Port St. Lucie, Florida
United States Army soldiers
United States Department of Homeland Security officials
University of South Florida alumni
The 44th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1949 Nova Scotia general election, the 43rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 44th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1953 Nova Scotia general election, the 44th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 45th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 22nd general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The 2004 Vorarlberg state election was held on 19 September 2004 to elect the members of the Landtag of Vorarlberg.
The Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) regained the absolute majority it had lost in 1999, achieving a strong swing of 9 percentage points. The Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) lost more than half its vote share and seats, falling to third place behind the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ), which gained four points. The Greens also gained four points and doubled their seat count from two to four.
The repeal of compulsory voting resulted in a huge decline in voter turnout, which fell from 87% to 60%. As a result, only the Greens actually gained votes compared to 1999; the ÖVP lost 7,000 votes, the SPÖ 200, and the FPÖ 33,000. According to voter analysis conducted by the SORA Institute, only 28% of the FPÖ's voters from 1999 voted for the party again in 2004, while more than half did not vote at all.
Background
In the 1999 election, the ÖVP lost its absolute majority for the first time in history. The FPÖ achieved its best ever result, taking support from the ÖVP and SPÖ. The ÖVP subsequently formed a coalition with the FPÖ.
Electoral system
The 36 seats of the Landtag of Vorarlberg are elected via open list proportional representation in a two-step process. The seats are distributed between four multi-member constituencies, corresponding to the districts of Vorarlberg. For parties to receive any representation in the Landtag, they must either win at least one seat in a constituency directly, or clear a 5 percent state-wide electoral threshold. Seats are distributed in constituencies according to the Hagenbach-Bischoff quota, with any remaining seats allocated at the state level, to ensure overall proportionality between a party's vote share and its share of seats.
Contesting parties
The table below lists parties represented in the previous Landtag.
In addition to the parties already represented in the Landtag, four parties collected enough signatures to be placed on the ballot.
VAU – www.vau-heute.at (VAU)
List of Free Citizens (LFB)
List for all Dissatisfied and Self-thinking (FRIZZ)
DBK – The Buntkarierten (DBK) – on the ballot only in Bludenz, Dornbirn, and Feldkirch
Result
Results by constituency
References
2004 elections in Austria
State elections in Austria
September 2004 events in Europe
Topping Cone () is an exposed volcanic cone near Cape Crozier, located 1.75 nautical miles (3.2 km) northwest of the summit of The Knoll in eastern Ross Island. Named by New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee (NZ-APC) for W.W. Topping, geologist with Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition (VUWAE) which examined the cone in the 1969–70 season.
Volcanoes of Ross Island
Sven Ulric Adalvard Palme (born May 25, died- May 14, 1977) was a Swedish historian and professor at Stockholm University. They were the son of the historian Olof Palme (1884–1918) and Ola Palme (born Tonow) (1888–1982). Their historical research was broad, from Swedish Middle Age to modern political history. The political history was their focus, concentrating on political parties, decision-making processes and key actors in these processes. In the 1930s they were active in the conservative political debate. But eventually they distanced themselves from the conservative ideas and became closer to the Social Democratic tradition.
Bibliography
Kärleken och hatet - Politiska anteckningar (1935)
Sverige och Danmark 1596-1611 (doktorsavhandling) (1942)
Valdemarståget (1946)
Stånd och klasser i forna dagars Sverige (1947)
Riksföreståndarvalet 1512 (1949)
Sten Sture den äldre (1950)
I den historiska trapetsen (1952)
Söderköpings riksdag 1595 (1952)
Vår tids hjältar' (1953)
Historien och nuet (1954)
Den gamla goda tiden (1956)
Gymnasiets samhällslära (1956)
Kunskap om samhället (1958)
Vrakplundrare (1958)
Historia genom kameraögat 1-2 (1958-1959) (tillsammans med Åke Meyerson)
Kungligt och kvinnligt (1958)
Kristendomens genombrott i Sverige (1959)
Karl Staaff och storstrejken 1909 (1959)
Skottet på operamaskeraden (1962)
Hundra år under kommunalförfattningarna (red.) (1962)
Vår längsta statsminister - En bok om Tage Erlander (1963)
På Karl Staaffs tid (1964)
Stockholms krigshistoria (1964)
Skottet i Sarajevo (1964)
Mannen med järnmasken (1965)
Målaren och hans modell samt andra kapitel ur sedehistorien (1966)
Hur Frankrike blev Frankrike (1967)
Skottet mot Lincoln (1968)
Mordet på Caesar (1968)
References
Klas Åmark, "Sven Ulric Palme och hans stora seminarium", i: Per Thullberg, Jarl Torbacke & Klas Åmark (red.), Historier från Frescati. En vänbok till Kerstin Israelsson (1995).
Alf W. Johansson, "Sven Ulric Palme 1912-1977 - Kontroversiell historiker och popularisator", i: Ragnar Björk & Alf W. Johansson (red.), Svenska historiker: från medeltid till våra dagar (2009).
Lars Epstein: "Ett minne från före Frescati" (Dagens Nyheter 19 juni 2012)
Johanna Annerstedt: Demokrati i förändring (Karlstads universitet 1908)
This article is influenced by the corresponding Swedish article.
1977 deaths
Stockholm University faculty
20th-century Swedish historians
The Nazi War Crimes and Japanese Imperial Government Records Interagency Working Group is a United States government interagency group, which is tasked with locating, identifying, inventorying, and recommending for declassification classified U.S. records relating to Nazi German and Imperial Japanese war crimes.
The group was created by the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act (NWCDA), passed in 1998, and the Japanese Imperial Government Disclosure Act of 2000 (JIGDA). The Interagency Working Group (IWG) has declassified an estimated 8 million pages of documents from the Office of Strategic Services, the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and Army intelligence. The group issued three reports to Congress between 1999 and 2007.
Some of the declassified documents center on reports of the Japanese exploitation of 'comfort women' before and during World War II, and the FBI and CIA's investigations of Adolf Hitler's possible survival of the war.
History
The group was created by the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act, passed in 1998, and the Japanese Imperial Government Disclosure Act of 2000. Between 1999 and 2016, the working group declassified and opened to the public an estimated 8 million pages of documents, including 1.2 million pages of Office of Strategic Services records, over 100,000 pages of Central Intelligence Agency files, more than 350,000 pages of Federal Bureau of Investigation subject files, and nearly 300,000 pages of Army intelligence files. The IWG has issued three reports to Congress (in October 1999, March 2002, and April 2007), and it issues news releases and occasional newsletters.
On March 25, 2005, President George W. Bush signed into law legislation pushing back the group's sunset date to March 2007. Documents related to the project have been released as late as 2017.
Summary
Nazi War Crimes
Documents declassified under the Nazi War Crimes Disclosure Act, which began to be released online by the early 2010s, included hundreds of pages of documents compiled by the FBI and CIA in relation to the health, psychological profile, and possible whereabouts of Adolf Hitler in the unlikely event of their survival following the end of World War II. Additional documents related to Hitler's possible survival were released in late 2017 in tandem with the release of files related to the investigation of the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Earlier in 2017, excerpts from Kennedy's diary were published online revealing that they believed in mid-1945 that Hitler might have survived the end of the war in Europe.
Japanese Imperial Government
Agencies were advised that particular attention should be given to locating any records related to "so-called 'comfort women' program, the Japanese systematic enslavement of women of subject populations for sexual purposes." However, the IWG expressed its disappointments because the IWG uncovered and released few Asian theatre records. Thus, the IWG apologized to the Global Alliance for Preserving the History of WWII in Asia which was involved in the commencement of this project.
The IWG published a report titled Researching Japanese War Crimes, Introductory Essays. In the report, the IWG analyzed the reason why comfort women documents were scarce:
The report further stated that this practice was not charged with criminal acts:
There was one exception, for an offense occurring in the Dutch East Indies.
Research cost and scale
As of 2007, the IWG estimated that the implementation of the two Disclosure Acts costed $30 million. From a total of 620 million pages, U.S. Government agencies screened over 100 million pages for relevance under the NWCDA and screened over 17 million pages under the JIGDA. Only a small percentage of these screened pages were found to be responsive to the Disclosure Acts: nearly 8.5 million pages of documents were relevant to the NWCDA, and over 142,000 pages were relevant to the JIGDA.
Membership
The members of the group are appointed by the president. Members include:
References
Primary sources
External links
Interagency Working Group
United States federal boards, commissions, and committees
Nazi war crimes
Japanese war crimes
War crimes organizations
The National Unemployed Workers' Movement was a British organisation set up in 1921 by members of the Communist Party of Great Britain. It aimed to draw attention to the plight of unemployed workers during the post First World War slump, the 1926 General Strike and later the Great Depression, and to fight the Means Test.
Activities
The NUWM was founded by Wal Hannington, and led in Scotland by Harry McShane. From 1921 until 1929 it was called the National Unemployed Workers' Committee Movement. The NUWM became the foremost body responsible for organising the unemployed on a national basis in the interwar period, these years being characterised by high levels of unemployment. A central element of its activities was a series of hunger marches to London, organised in 1922, 1929, 1930, 1932, 1934 and 1936. The largest of these was the National Hunger March, 1932, that was followed by days of serious violence across central London with 75 people being badly injured, which in turn led directly to the formation of the National Council for Civil Liberties.
To the dismay of many within the wider labour movement, the Labour Party and the official trades union bodies offered little support to the legions of unemployed workers during this period. The Trades Union Congress and the National Executive Council advised Labour parties and trades councils along the route of the Jarrow Crusade not to help the marchers, although local branches were more generous.
Industrial unionist breakaway
In 1923 Gunnar Soderberg led a breakaway group called the Unemployed Workers' Organisation (UWO) whose views were based on the industrial unionism of the Industrial Workers of the World. They objected to the abandonment of the revolutionary goal of abolishing the wages system in favour of work at trade union rates or maintenance at Trade Union rates. They had close links to Communist Workers Party but only gained a significant following in Poplar during the 1923 Docks Strike. It did not survive long after a physical attack on its members on 26 September 1923 in Poplar High Street by the police which left 40 members in hospital. Wal Hannington filled in for George Lansbury at a meeting held in Glasgow City Hall shortly afterwards. They criticised the UWO and defended the actions of the Poplar Board of Guardians, who had called in the police.
End of the NUWM
It suspended activity in 1939, at the outbreak of the Second World War, and the decision to wind it up was taken in 1943. It was finally dissolved in 1946. Over the years there have been several attempts to revive the movement, one of the most recent being around 1992.
References
External links
Why Are We Marching?
Further reading
Alan Campbell and John McIlroy, ‘The National Unemployed Workers' Movement and the Communist Party of Great Britain revisited', Labour History Review, vol. 73, no. 1, (2008) pp. 39–60.
Croucher, Richard. We Refuse to Starve in Silence: A History of the NUWM 1920-1946, London: Laurence & Wishart, 1987
See also
Unemployed Councils
Workers Alliance of America
Communist Party of Great Britain
Organizations established in 1921
Organizations disestablished in 1946
1921 establishments in the United Kingdom
1946 disestablishments in the United Kingdom
Unemployment in the United Kingdom
Political advocacy groups in the United Kingdom
Cristòfol Soler i Cladera (born 26 December 1956 in Inca, Balearic Islands, Spain) is a Spanish politician. They served as President of the Balearic Islands from July 1995 to June 1996, when their own party (People's Party) forced them to resign. They previously had served as president of the Parliament of the Balearic Islands from 19 June 1991 to 21 July 1995. On 1 September 2014 they left the party. In April 2015 they were named president of the Assemblea Sobiranista de Mallorca (Souverainist Assembly of Mallorca), position they held until 12 april 2018 when a new president was elected.
Solerism
Solerism was a faction within the People's Party of the Balearic Islands between 1995 and 1996 that followed Cristòfol Soler.
Soler achieved the presidency after Gabriel Cañellas was forced to resign due to a corruption scandal. At first, they followed the ideals of their predecessor, however they were more keen on the importance of the Catalan language and the environment, as well as talking to the opposition and the civil society.
This turn earned them the disapproval of multiple members within their party. In May 1996 the major factions of the party called for a motion of no confidence, forcing them to resign.
2014 resignation
On 1 September 2014, they presented their letter of resignation to the party due to the new ideology of the party under José Ramón Bauzá.
They specifically mention the "disparagement towards the identifying elements of [the] country" and the lack of commitment within the party to rectify its politics. They stated that the reasons for their resignation were many and that the leadership of the party caused them "a discomfort every time more obvious". They criticised the acts of the party and argued that the past few years had been characterised by a "fierce clash" against culture and language. "Very important elements of our people […] which, if not respected, leave no other meaning to our self-governance". They end by acknowledging "At the time, I don't think there is any intention of rectifying these politics, thus I consider it is inevitable that I resign from the party as soon as possible".
Souverainist Assembly of Mallorca
In April 2015, Soler was elected president of the Souverainist Assembly of Mallorca (ASM), a civic platform born in 2014 that has worked towards the inspiration of a souverainist candidacy for the Balearic Islands, and pushes for independence from Spain. They contested in the 2016 Spanish general election under the coalition Sovereignty for the Isles. The results were 7,413 votes in the Balearic Islands district, meaning a 1.6% of the vote share and no seats.
References
Living people
1956 births
Presidents of the Balearic Islands
Members of the Parliament of the Balearic Islands
This is a list of series stories appearing in British comic 2000AD.
As an anthology comic magazine which has been published since 1977, 2000AD has featured both long running titles (like Judge Dredd and ABC Warriors) as well as dozens of shorter series and one-offs. In addition, features like Tharg's Future Shocks allowed the publication of single stories by any writers and still act as a training ground for aspiring writers, being the place both Alan Moore and Grant Morrison started in the comic. (In addition, 2000 AD absorbed two of its sister titles, Tornado and Starlord.)
A complete index of stories published in 2000 AD from February 1977 to December 2019 (#1 to #2162) is here (.pdf file) (WikiCommons).
Stories
0–9
The 86ers
A
ABC Warriors
Abelard Snazz
Absalom
Ace Trucking Co.
Age of the Wolf
Agent Rat
A.H.A.B.
The Alienist
Al's Baby
American Gothic
Ampney Crucis Investigates
Anderson: PSI Division
Angel
Angel Zero
Ant Wars
Apocalypse Soon
Armitage
Armageddon: The Bad Man
Armoured Gideon
Asylum
Atavar
B
Babe Race 2000
Bad City Blue
Bad Company
Badlands
The Ballad of Halo Jones
The Balls Brothers
Banzai Battalion
Batman/Judge Dredd: Judgement on Gotham
Bec & Kawl
The Bendatti Vendetta
Big Dave
Bison
Bix Barton
Black Atlantic
Black Light
Black Siddha
Blackhawk
Black Shuck
BLAIR One
Blood of Satanus
Bob Byrne's Twisted Tales
The Bogie Man
Bones of Eden
Bonjo from Beyond the Stars
Bradley
Brass Sun
Breathing Space
Brit-Cit Babes
Brigand Doom
Brink
Button Man
C
Caballistics, Inc.
Canon Fodder
Captain Klep
Carver Hale
Chiaroscuro
Chopper
Chronos Carnival
Citi-Def
The Clown
Colony Earth
The Corps
Counterfeit Girl
Cradlegrave
Cursed Earth Koburn
Tor Cyan
D
D.R. and Quinch
Damnation Station
Dan Dare
Dandridge
Danzig's Inferno
Darkness Visible
Dash Decent
The Dead
Dead Eyes
Deadlock
The Dead Man
Dead Meat
Dead Men Walking
Dead Signal
Death Planet
Defoe
Detonator X
Dinosty
Disaster 1990
Downlode Tales
Droid Life
Dry Run
Durham Red
F
Family
Feral and Foe
Fervant and Lobe
Fiends of the Eastern Front
Finn
Firekind
Flesh
Freaks
Friday
From Grace
Future Shocks
G
Glimmer Rats
Go-Machine
Grey Area
Greysuit
The Grudge Father
H
Harmony
Hap Hazzard
Harke & Burr
Harlem Heroes
Harry Kipling (Deceased)
Harry Twenty on the High Rock
Helium
The Helltrekkers
Hershey & Steel
Hewligan's Haircut
Holocaust 12
Hunted
I
Ichabod Azrael
Indigo Prime
The Inspectre
Insurrection
Interceptor
Invasion
I Was a Teenage Tax Consultant
J
Jack Point: Simping Detective
Jaegir
Janus: Psi Division
A Joe Black Adventure
Johnny Woo
The Journal of Luke Kirby
Judge Death
Judge Dredd
Judge Hershey
Judge Karyn
Juliet November
Junker
K
Kelly
Kid Cyborg
Killer
Kingdom
Kola Kommandos
L
Lazarus Churchyard
Leatherjack
Lenny Zero
Leviathan
A Life Less Ordinary
Lobster Random
London Falling
A Love Like Blood
Low Life
M
M.A.C.H. 1
Maelstrom
Malone
Mambo
Maniac 5
Marauder
Mazeworld
The Mean Arena
Mean Team
Medivac 318
Meet Darren Dead
Meltdown Man
Mercy Heights
Metalzoic
Middenface McNulty
The Mind of Wolfie Smith
Missionary Man
Moon Runners
Mother Earth
N
Necronauts
Necrophim
Nemesis & Deadlock
Nemesis the Warlock
Night Zero
Nikolai Dante
O
One-Off
The Order
Orlok, Agent of East-Meg One
Outlaw
Outlier
P
Pandora
Past Imperfect
Project Overkill
Pulp Sci-fi
Purgatory
Pussyfoot 5
R
R.A.M. Raiders
Rain Dogs
Really & Truly
Red Fang
Red Razors
The Red Seas
Return to Armageddon
Revere
Rick Random
Ro-Busters
Ro-Jaws' Robo-Tales
Roadkill
Robo-Hunter
Rogue Trooper
Rose O'Rion
S
Samantha Slade
Samizdat Squad
Sancho Panzer
Satanus
Savage
The Scarlet Apocrypha
Scarlet Traces
The Scrap
Second City Blues
Shadows
Shakara
Shako!
Shaun of the Dead
Shimura
Silo
Sinister Dexter
Skizz
Sláine
Slaughterbowl
Sleaze 'n' Ryder
Snow/Tiger
Sooner or Later
Soul Gun Warrior
Soul Sisters
The Spacegirls
The Stainless Steel Rat
Stalag #666
Stickleback
Stone Island
Storming Heaven
The Straitjacket Fits
Strange Cases
Strontium Dog
Strontium Dogs
Survival Geeks
Synnamon
T
Tainted
Tales of Telguuth
Tales from Beyond Science
Tales from the Black Museum
Tales from the Doghouse
Tales from Mega-City One
Tao De Moto
Tempest
Tharg the Mighty
Tharg's 3rillers
Tharg's Alien Invasions
Tharg's Dragon Tales
Tharg's Terror Tales
The Ten-Seconders
Thirteen
Thistlebone
Tiger Sun, Dragon Moon
Time Flies
Timehouse
Timequake
Time Twisters
Torquemada
Tracer
Trash
Tribal Memories
Tyranny Rex
U
Ulysses Sweet
Universal Soldier
Urban Strike
V
Valkyries
Vanguard
The V.C.s
Vector 13
Venus Bluegenes
The Visible Man
The Vort
W
Walter the Wobot
Wardog
What If...?
Whatever Happened To?
Wireheads
Witch World
X
XTNCT
Y
Young Middenface
Z
The Zaucer of Zilk
Zenith
Zippy Couriers
Zombo
See also
List of minor 2000 AD stories
External links
Thrill Zone at 2000 AD online
Touched by the Hand of Tharg
Lists of comics by title
On 21 June 2002, the Irish Government made a National Declaration at the Seville European Council emphasising its commitment to the European Union's security and defence policy.
Background
After the first failed Irish referendum on the Treaty of Nice, EU Leaders met to discuss the outcome of the Irish Referendum in Seville (Spanish Presidency of the Council of the European Union.) Out of the meeting came declarations known as the Seville Declarations on the Treaty of Nice
At the Seville European Council (21–22 June 2002) the other EU14 governments accepted an Irish declaration that spelled out the triple lock - UN mandate; cabinet approval; Dáil Éireann approval - on Irish participation in EU activities of a military nature. The triple lock was nothing new as the Government never deployed Irish defence forces without UN approval to maintain Military neutrality, and moreover the declaration had no legal status, so this measure on the part of the Irish government must be understood primarily as a political signal to the Irish electorate. In response to the Irish declaration, the European Council issued a declaration of its own. It recognised the right of Ireland (and all other member states) to decide in accordance with National Constitutions and laws whether and how to participate in any activities under the European Security and Defence Policy.
It led to the second Irish referendum on the Treaty of Nice.
National Declaration by Ireland to the EU Council – Seville, 21 June 2002
Ireland reaffirms its attachment to the aims and principles of Charter of the United Nations, which confers primary responsibility for the maintenance of international peace and security upon the United Nations Security Council.
Ireland recalls its commitment to the common foreign and security policy of the European Union as set out in the Treaty on European Union, adopted at Maastricht, amended at Amsterdam and approved on each occasion by the Irish people through referendum.
Ireland confirms that its participation in the European Unions common foreign and security policy does not prejudice its traditional policy of military neutrality. The Treaty on European Union makes clear that the Union's security and defence policy shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States.
In line with its traditional policy of military neutrality, Ireland is not bound by any mutual defence commitment. Nor is Ireland party to any plans to develop a European army. Indeed, the Nice European Council recognised that the development of the Union's capacity to conduct humanitarian and crisis management tasks does not involve the establishment of a European Army.
The Treaty on European Union specifies that any decision by the Union to move to a common defence would have to be taken by unanimous decision of the Member States and adopted in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. The Government of Ireland have made a firm commitment to the people of Ireland, solemnized in this Declaration, that a referendum will be held in Ireland on the adoption of any such decision and on any future Treaty which would involve Ireland departing from its traditional policy of military neutrality.
Ireland reiterates that the participation of contingents of the Irish Defence Forces in overseas operations, including those carried out under the European security and defence policy, requires (a) the authorisation of the operation by the Security Council or the General Assembly of the United Nations, (b) the agreement of the Irish Government and (c) the approval of Dáil Éireann, in accordance with Irish law.
The situation set out in this Declaration would be unaffected by the entry into force of the Treaty of Nice. In the event of Ireland's ratification of the Treaty of Nice, this Declaration will be associated with Ireland's instrument of ratification.
Declaration of the European Council
The European Council takes cognizance of the National Declaration of Ireland presented at its meeting in Seville on 21–22 June 2002. It notes that Ireland intends to associate its National Declaration with its act of ratification of the Treaty of Nice, should the people of Ireland in a referendum decide to accept the Treaty of Nice.
The European Council notes that the Treaty on European Union provides that any decision to move to a common defence shall be adopted in accordance with the respective constitutional requirements of the Member States
The European Council recalls that under the terms of the Treaty on European Union the policy of the Union shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain Member States. Ireland has drawn attention, in this regard, to its traditional policy of Military Neutrality.
The European Council acknowledges that the Treaty on European Union does not impose any binding mutual defence commitments. Nor does the development of the Union's capacity to conduct humanitarian and crisis management tasks involve the establishment of a European Army.
The European Council confirms that the situation referred to in paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 above would be unchanged by the entry into force of the Treaty of Nice.
The European Council recognises that, like all Member States of the Union, Ireland would retain the right, following the entry into force of the Treaty of Nice, to take its own sovereign decision, in accordance with its Constitution and its laws, on whether to commit military personnel to participate in any operation carried out under the European Security and Defence Policy. Ireland, in its national Statement, has clearly set out its position in this regard.
See also
Irish neutrality
References
Treaties amending the founding treaties of the European Union
Declarations of the European Union
2002 in politics
Military history of the European Union
Government statements
Ireland and the European Union
Military diplomacy
Policy
Defense policy
Gradac is a village in the municipality of Ivanjica, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 73 inhabitants. The village is home to the Cross of Gradac, a large stone cross erected in 1662 that served as a village record.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Thatcher most commonly refers to:
Margaret Thatcher (1925–2013), former prime minister of the United Kingdom
A professional who installs thatch as a roofing material, i.e. by means of thatching
Thatcher may also refer to:
People
Thatcher baronets, a baronetcy created for Denis Thatcher, the husband of Margaret Thatcher
Surname
America Iglesias Thatcher (1907–1989), Puerto-Rican labor activist
Ben Thatcher (born 1975), retired Welsh footballer
Betty Thatcher (1944–2011), English writer and lyricist
Carol Thatcher (born 1953), daughter of Margaret Thatcher
Colin Thatcher (born 1938), former Saskatchewan cabinet minister and convicted murderer
Denis Thatcher (1915–2003), husband of Margaret Thatcher
Eva Thatcher (1862–1942), American film actor
Frank Thatcher, Dean of St George's Cathedral, Georgetown, Guyana
Frederick Thatcher (1814–1890), English and New Zealand architect and clergyman
George Thatcher (1754–1824), American lawyer
Heather Thatcher (1896–1987), English actor
Henry Thatcher (1806–1880), American admiral
Henry Calvin Thatcher (1842—1884), the first Chief Justice of the Colorado Supreme Court
James Thatcher (MP) ( 1536–1565), English politician
James Thatcher, American horn player
Joe Thatcher (born 1981), American Major League Baseball pitcher
J. T. Thatcher (born 1978), American football player
Karen Thatcher (born 1984), American ice hockey player
Kim Thatcher (born 1964), American politician
Les Thatcher (born 1940), American wrestler
Mark Thatcher (born 1953), son of Margaret Thatcher
Maurice Thatcher (1870–1973), U.S. Congressman
Moses Thatcher (1842–1909), American Mormon apostle
Noel Thatcher, British paralympic athlete
Raymond S. Thatcher (1903–1988), American politician
Richard Thatcher (1846–1909), American POW and university president
Roger Thatcher (1926–2010), British statistician
Roland Thatcher (born 1977), American golfer
Ross Thatcher (1917–1971), 9th Premier of Saskatchewan
Samuel Thatcher (1776–1872), member of the United States House of Representatives from Maine
Sophie Thatcher, American actor
Torin Thatcher (1905–1981), English actor
Given name
Thatcher Demko (born 1995), American ice hockey player
Thatcher Szalay (born 1979), American football player
Fictional characters
Walter Parks Thatcher, a character in the film Citizen Kane
Jeremy Thatcher, a character in the children's novel Jeremy Thatcher, Dragon Hatcher
Judge Thatcher or Becky Thatcher, characters in Tom Sawyer, by Mark Twain
John Putnam Thatcher, a character in novels by Emma Lathen
Justine Thatcher, a character in the BBC Scotland drama Monarch of the Glen
Margaret Thatcher (Due South), character in the TV show Due South
William Thatcher, protagonist in the film A Knight's Tale
Thatcher (Rainbow Six Siege), code name of Mike Baker, a playable character in the game Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege
Thatcher Grey, a character in the TV show Grey's Anatomy
Places
Thatcher, Arizona, U.S.
Thatcher, Colorado, U.S.
Thatcher, Idaho, U.S.
Thatcher, Nebraska, U.S.
Thatcher Peninsula, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Other uses
, the name of more than one U.S. ship
Thatchers Cider, a drink
C/1861 G1 (Thatcher), a comet
See also
Thacher (disambiguation)
Thacker (disambiguation)
Margaret Thatcher (disambiguation)
Thatcherism, the conviction, economic, social and political style of Margaret Thatcher
Thatcher effect, an optical illusion involving facial recognition
English-language surnames
Occupational surnames
Polk County Courthouse may refer to:
Polk County Courthouse (Arkansas), Mena, Arkansas
Old Polk County Courthouse (Florida), Bartow, Florida
Polk County Courthouse (Iowa), Des Moines, Iowa
Polk County Courthouse (Nebraska), Osceola, Nebraska
Polk County Courthouse (North Carolina), Columbus, North Carolina
Polk County Courthouse (Tennessee), Benton, Tennessee
Polk County Courthouse and 1905 Courthouse Annex, Livingston, Texas
Polk County Courthouse (Wisconsin), Balsam Lake, Wisconsin
Geiger Building (Osceola, Wisconsin), also known as the Old Polk County Courthouse, listed on the National Register of Historic Places
See also
Polk County (disambiguation)
Cupressus nevadensis, now reclassified as Hesperocyparis nevadensis, with the common name Paiute cypress, is a species of cypress tree native to a small area in Sierra Nevada of California, in the western United States.
Distribution
The Paiute cypress grows in a small area of the Southern Sierra Nevada, within Kern County, California and Tulare County. It is found on soils of granitic origin at altitudes of . It is found in pinyon/juniper and oak/pine woodlands, chaparral, and closed-cone-cypress forest habitats.
The largest grove composed primarily of the species is located south of the town of Bodfish in the Lake Isabella region. There are eight or so other populations of much smaller, scattered stands in the Southern Sierras.
Description
Hesperocyparis nevadensis is a medium-sized evergreen tree with a conic crown, growing to heights of 10–25 m (exceptionally to 39 m), and a trunk diameter of up to 0.5 m (exceptionally to 1 m). The foliage grows in sparse, very fragrant, sprays varying from dull gray-green to glaucous blue-green in color. The leaves are scale-like, highly glandular, resinous and aromatic, 2–5 mm long, and produced on rounded (not flattened) shoots.
The seed cones are globose to oblong, 25–55 mm long, with 6 or 8 (rarely 4 or 10) scales, green to brown at first, maturing gray or gray-brown about 20–24 months after pollination. The male cones are 3–5 mm long, and release pollen in February–March.
The cones often remain closed for several years, only opening after the parent tree is killed in a wildfire, thereby allowing the seeds to colonize the bare ground exposed by the natural fire.
Conservation
Like most California cypress, it is a pyrophyte, heavily reliant on wildfire for its regeneration. Fire suppression policies of the past decades have severely limited reproduction of this fire dependent species. It is on the IUCN Red List as an endangered species.
Taxonomy
It has been reclassified in the genus Hesperocyparis, with other former Cupressus species native to western North America. It was also previously included as a subspecies within Cupressus arizonica, Cupressus arizonica subsp. nevadensis. USDA: Hesperocyparis nevadensis synonyms; Cupressus arizonica subsp. nevadensis . accessed 8.28.2015
See also
Fire ecology
References
External links
CalFlora Database: Hesperocyparis nevadensis (Paiute cypress)
USDA Plants Profile for Hesperocyparis nevadenss (Paiute cypress)
Jepson Manual eFlora: Hesperocyparis nevadensis
UC Photos Gallery: Hesperocyparis nevadensis (formerly Cupressus nevadensis)
Gymnosperm Database: Cupressus nevadensis
nevadensis
Endemic flora of California
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Trees of the Southwestern United States
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of Kern County, California
Natural history of Tulare County, California
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Leopoldia comosa (syn. Muscari comosum) is a perennial bulbous plant. Usually called the tassel hyacinth or tassel grape hyacinth, it is one of a number of species and genera also known as grape hyacinths. It is found in rocky ground and cultivated areas, such as cornfields and vineyards in the Mediterranean region, but has naturalized elsewhere. In southern Italy and Greece, its bulb is a culinary delicacy.
Description
Described by Oleg Polunin as "a striking plant", it has a tuft of bright blue to violet-blue sterile flowers above brownish-green fertile flowers, which open from dark blue buds, reminiscent of a menorah candelabrum. This tuft gives rise to the name "tassel hyacinth". The flower stem is 20–60 cm tall; individual flowers are borne on long stalks, purple in the case of the sterile upper flowers. Mature fertile flowers are 5–10 mm long with stalks of this length or more and are bell-shaped, opening at the mouth, where there are paler lobes. The linear leaves are 5–15 mm wide, with a central channel.
Leopoldia comosa naturalizes easily and may become invasive. It has spread northwards from its original distribution, for example appearing in the British Isles in the 16th century.
In a cultivar called 'Monstrosum' or 'Plumosum', all the flowers have become branched purple stems.
Cuisine
During Roman times, Pliny noted that the bulbs were eaten with vinegar, oil, and garum. Today, it is still eaten in some Mediterranean countries. In Apulia and Basilicata, it is cultivated and known as lampagioni or . In Greek it is called , βολβοί, βροβιοί volví, vrovií (ασκουρδαλάκοι in Crete). In Greece and especially on Crete, it is considered a delicacy and collected in the wild. The cleaned bulbs are boiled several times, pickled, and then kept in olive oil. The bulbs of the tassel hyacinth are mentioned in classical Hebrew literature under the name bulbūsīn.
Gallery
References
External links
Wild Flowers of the British Isles: M comosum
Paghat's Garden: M comosum
Paghat's garden: M comosum 'Plumosum'
Scilloideae
Flora of Europe
Plants described in 1753
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Root vegetables
Samuel Johannes Holland (1728 – 28 December 1801) was a Dutch-born Royal Engineer and first Surveyor General of British North America.
Life in the Netherlands
Holland was born in 1728 in Deventer, the Netherlands. They were baptised on 22 September 1729 in the small Lutheran Church in the Dutch town of Deventer, in the Province of Overijssel. In 1745, they entered the Dutch, or Staatse Leger artillery, and served during the War of the Austrian Succession. They were promoted to lieutenant in 1747.
In 1749, Holland married Gertrude Hasse. They had one daughter, who is thought to have died in infancy. In 1754, having possibly made contact with the Duke of Richmond and leaving their wife behind in the Netherlands, Holland emigrated to England to seek advancement under the British flag.
Early years in British North America
In 1756, Holland, probably with Richmond's aid, became a lieutenant in the Royal Americans, coming to British North America where they would spend the rest of their life. Among their first assignments was the preparation of a map of New York Province that would be widely used for twenty years.
In 1757, during the French and Indian Wars, they were promoted Captain lieutenant and assigned to reconnoitre Fort Carillon, near Ticonderoga, New York, but in early 1758, they were transferred as assistant engineer to the expedition against Louisbourg. There, Holland made surveys of the surrounding area and prepared plans and gave engineering advice under the command of Brigadier-General James Wolfe. After Louisbourg's capitulation, Holland was strongly commended by Wolfe to the Duke of Richmond.
That winter, Holland and their new pupil, James Cook, drew charts of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence and Saint Lawrence River in preparation for an attack on Quebec. They also supervised the construction of Fort Frederick in Saint John, New Brunswick. They were promoted captain in 1759, participated actively in the Siege of Quebec, and narrowly escaped death by their boats being nearly run down by a schooner.
Holland was later employed in surveying the settled parts of the Saint Lawrence River Valley and in drawing up new plans for a citadel in Quebec after the French siege was lifted.
Surveyor General
In 1762, Holland took their maps to London where they submitted them to the Board of Trade, proposing a survey of all British possessions in North America to facilitate settlement, a proposal that was accepted in 1764.
On 6 March 1764, Holland was appointed Surveyor-General of North America. On 23 March, they received instructions to survey all British possessions north of the Potomac River, which included St. John's Island, the Magdalen Islands, and Cape Breton Island, because of their importance for the fisheries.
Holland arrived in October 1764 on Isle Saint-Jean (now Prince Edward Island)), whose territory was ceded to Britain under the Treaty of Paris (1763). The task of mapping the island lasted two years. Holland's survey divided the island into a series of townships known as "lots", parishes, counties, and "royalties" (shire towns) in advance of a feudal land system which was established on the island over the following century. Holland was later given a parcel of land on the St. John's Island, Lot 28, settled by farmers. Holland charged very little as an absentee landlord.
In 1767, they proposed that British explorers look for a Northwest Passage from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean, but their proposal was never taken into great consideration.
In 1791 they became the Surveyor-General of Lower Canada and Upper Canada and was replaced with Sir David William Smith, 1st Baronet in 1792.
Personal life
Holland had begun living in Quebec as early as 1762 with then 21-year-old Marie-Joseph Rollet. Their first son, John Frederick, was born in what is now [[Prince Edward Island](now Prince Edward Island.
Although their separation from Gertrude Hasse had been amicable, they still paid them an annual allowance between 1756 and 1780. In 1784, Hasse unsuccesfully petitioned the British government to force them to renew payments.
In about 1772, Holland's marriage to Marie-Joseph Rollet was contracted as legal. The couple would eventually establish a family of ten children.
Holland died at Quebec, Lower Canada, in 1801 and buried in a private cemetery on their Holland House estate or Holland Farm. This estate has since been re-developed.
Honours
Holland College, a community college system in Prince Edward Island, is named for Samuel Holland, whose descendants operate Samuel's, a chain of coffee houses in the province.
The Captain Samuel Holland rose, developed by Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada, was named in their honour.
The Holland River, in Ontario, which drains about 20,000 acres of the Holland Marsh into Lake Simcoe is named after him, as well as the community of Holland Landing, Ontario.
Samuel Holland Park and Holland Avenue in Quebec City are the only reminders of their Holland House estate.
References
External links
1728 births
1801 deaths
English people of Dutch descent
British surveyors
Canadian cartographers
Dutch emigrants to Canada
King's Royal Rifle Corps officers
People of British North America
British Army personnel of the War of the Austrian Succession
People from Deventer
Colony of Prince Edward Island people
Persons of National Historic Significance (Canada)
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Rodrigo da Silva Dias (born 26 January 1994 in Governador Valadares, Brazil) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a forward for V.League 1 club Nam Định.
Club career
Brazil
Rodrigo Dias was born in Governador Valadares, Brazil. In 2009, they joined Cruzeiro Academy in Brazil. After developing their football skills at the academy level, they gained their first professional contract in senior team of cruzeiros. In 2016, Rodrigo signed with Tombense, and after a short stint they then joined Palma. In 2017, they then moved to Uberaba, and after playing five league matches moved to Democrata. In Democrata, they were involved in 15 matches and scored seven times. After an impressive season in Democrata, in 2018 Rodrigo was offered by Tupi. After a short stint in Tupi, they then moved to Nacional de Muriaé, where they got eight league matches, and after America RJ gave them a good offer they went to Rio.
Beira-Mar
In June 2018, Rodrigo moved to Portugal and signed with Beira-Mar. They were the top scorer for Beira-Mar, scoring 20 goals in the league. After a successful season, they received offers from some Asian clubs.
Quảng Nam
In July 2019, Rodrigo signed with Vietnamese club Quảng Nam.
References
Living people
1994 births
Brazilian footballers
Association football forwards
Cruzeiro Esporte Clube players
Tombense Futebol Clube players
Tupi Football Club players
America Football Club (Rio de Janeiro) players
Quang Nam FC players
V.League 1 players
S.C. Beira-Mar players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Vietnam
Expatriate footballers in Vietnam
People from Governador Valadares
Sportspeople from Minas Gerais
Sela pri Vrčicah (; in older sources also Sela pri Brčicah, ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Semič in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the historical region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Sela pri Vrčicah at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Semič
Kaona is a village in the municipality of Lučani, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 384 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Norwegian DJ Kygo has released three studio albums, one extended play, 33 singles, 8 promotional singles, 13 remixes and 26 music videos. According to Recording Industry Association of America, Kygo has sold 10 million certified albums and singles in the US, including the multi-platinum hits "It Ain't Me" with Selena Gomez and "Higher Love" with Whitney Houston.
Studio albums
Extended plays
Singles
As lead artist
Promotional singles
Other charted songs
Guest appearances
Remixes
Record label release
Published remixes
Music videos
Production and songwriting credits
Notes
References
Discographies of Norwegian artists
Electronic music discographies
Loddon and Clavering Rural District was a rural district in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1935., continuing, with very slight boundary changes, as Loddon Rural District until 1974.
It was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Loddon and Clavering rural sanitary district, and took its name from the ancient hundreds of Loddon and Clavering. It lay in the south-east corner of the county.
In 1974, the district was abolished under the Local Government Act 1972, and became part of the South Norfolk district.
Statistics
Parishes
References
Districts of England created by the Local Government Act 1894
Districts of England abolished by the Local Government Act 1972
Historical districts of Norfolk
Rural districts of England
67th Daytona 200
Schedule
Wednesday March 4
9:00am – 9:30am Practice SuperSport (SC)
9:45am – 10:45am Practice American Superbike (SC)
11:15am – 12:15pm Practice SunTrust Moto-GT (LC)
12:30pm – 1:30pm Practice Daytona SportBike (LC)
1:30pm – 2:30pm Mid-day Break
2:30pm – 3:30pm Practice SuperSport
3:45pm – 4:45pm Practice American Superbike with Safety Car
5:15pm – 6:15pm Practice SunTrust Moto-GT
6:30pm – 8:00pm Practice Daytona SportBike with Safety Car
Thursday March 5
8:00am – 9:00am Qualifying SunTrust Moto-GT
9:15am – 9:45am Basic Qualifying Daytona Sportbike
10:15am – 10:45am Basic Qualifying American Superbike
11:00am – 11:30am Qualifying SuperSport
11:45pm – 12:30pm SuperPole American Superbike
12:30pm – 1:30pm Mid-day Break
12:40pm Autograph Session – American Superbike, Daytona Sportbike and SunTrust Moto-GT in the Sprint FANZONE
1:30pm Opening Ceremonies - SuperSport
2:00pm 35-Mile Race SuperSport
3:00pm Opening Ceremonies - American Superbike
3:30pm 50-Mile Race American Superbike
6:30pm SuperPole Daytona SportBike
Friday March 6
2:00pm – 2:30pm Warm-Up SunTrust Moto-GT
2:45pm – 3:15pm Warm-Up Daytona SportBike
3:30pm Opening Ceremonies - SunTrust Moto-GT
4:00pm 2 Hour Race SunTrust Moto-GT
7:15pm Opening Ceremonies - Daytona SportBike
8:00pm Daytona 200 By Honda Cumguzzler
AMA Pro American Superbike
Results
1. Mat Mladin (Suz GSX-R1000), 15 laps
2. Neil Hodgson (Hon CBR1000RR), -1.027 seconds
3. Tommy Hayden (Suz GSX-R1000), -1.028
4. Larry Pegram (Duc 1098R), -10.117
5. Blake Young (Suz GSX-R1000), -16.008
6. Ben Bostrom (Yam YZF-R1), -16.213
7. Aaron Yates (Suz GSX-R1000), -16.363
8. Josh Hayes (Yam YZF-R1), -28.358, ran off track
9. Michael Laverty (Suz GSX-R1000), -28.433
10. Geoff May (Suz GSX-R1000), -31.584
11. Jeff Wood (Suz GSX-R1000), -47.201
12. Aaron Gobert (Hon CBR1000RR), -57.270
13. Hawk Mazzotta (Suz GSX-R1000), -58.857
14. Chris Ulrich (Suz GSX-R1000), -58.950
15. Jeff Tigert (Hon CBR1000RR), -58.970
16. Scott Jensen (Suz GSX-R1000), -67.586
17. Barrett Long (Duc 1098R), -67.622
18. Scott Greenwood (Suz GSX-R1000), -67.942
19. Shane Narbonne (Suz GSX-R1000), -68.046
20. Mark Crozier (Yam YZF-R1), -71.556
21. Brett McCormick (Suz GSX-R1000), -77.907
22. Brad Hendry (Duc 1098R), -79.440
23. Dean Mizdal (Suz GSX-R1000), -93.973
24. Reno Karimian (Suz GSX-R1000), -93.944
25. Shawn Higbee (Buell 1125R), -1 lap
26. Johnny Rock Page (Yam YZF-R1), -1 lap, 17.135 seconds
27. Josh Graham (Yam YZF-R1), -1 lap, 27.725
28. David Loikits (Suz GSX-R1000), -1 lap, 41.847
29. Davie Stone (Hon CBR1000RR), -2 laps
30. David Anthony (Suz GSX-R1000), -7 laps, DNF
31. Taylor Knapp (Suz GSX-R1000), -11 laps, DNF, mechanical
32. Jake Holden (Hon CBR1000RR), -12 laps, DNF
33. Ryan Elleby (Suz GSX-R1000), -13 laps, DNF
AMA Pro Daytona SportBike
Entry List (85 as of 2-10-09)
AMA Superbike Championship
AMA
AMA
AMA
Motorsport in Daytona Beach, Florida
Henry Erben (5 September 1832 – 23 October 1909) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy, who served in the American Civil War and the Spanish–American War. Their father, also named Henry Erben (1800–1884), was a prominent builder of pipe organs.
Biography
Erben was born in New York City. They entered the Navy as a midshipman on 17 June 1848, and was promoted to passed midshipman on 12 June 1855, to master on 16 September 1855, and to lieutenant on 27 December 1856.
At the outbreak of the Civil War they were serving aboard the store ship , which arrived at Pensacola, Florida, on 10 January 1861, the day the state declared its secession from the Union, and as the Navy Yard there was captured by state forces. Union forces under Lieutenant Adam J. Slemmer still held Fort Pickens, and the next day Erben and men from Supply broke into Fort McRee, and destroyed some 20,000 pounds of gunpowder and spiked all of the guns. In April Erben reported aboard , and was ordered to the Mississippi Flotilla on 5 September 1861. There they commanded the ironclad from April to June 1862, and the from June to July 1862. They were promoted to lieutenant commander on 16 July 1862. They then served with the naval howitzer battery which served with the Army during the Antietam campaign in September 1862.
They commanded the ill-fated monitor from their commissioning in July 1864 until September, then the gunboat in the 2nd Division of the West Gulf Blockading Squadron under Captain George F. Emmons in the Gulf of Mexico. On 2 February 1865 they detained the schooner Ben Willis, sailing under British colors, with a cargo of bales of cotton. Suspecting them to be a blockade runner, Erben sent them in to New Orleans. Soon after, on 18 February 1865, boats from Pinola entered Pass Cavallo, Texas, and cut out the 70-ton schooner Anna Dale, which was armed with a 12-pounder Dahlgren howitzer and plentiful small arms. Attempting to sail them out in the dark the schooner grounded, so the guns were removed, and the schooner burnt. Nine crewmen were taken prisoner, one being their commander Joseph F. Stevenson, who claimed to be a lieutenant of the Confederate Navy, but was suspected by Erben of being a privateer.
Erben was promoted to commander on 6 May 1868, and to captain on 1 November 1879. They served as the superintendent of the New York Nautical School (now the State University of New York Maritime College) from 1879 to 1882.
Promoted to commodore on 3 April 1892, they served as the commandant of the New York Navy Yard until May 1893, and was then appointed commander-in-chief of the European Station, serving from June 1893 until August 1894, and receiving promotion to rear admiral on 31 July 1894.
Rear Admiral Erben retired on 6 September 1894, but returned to active duty between April and July 1898 when they were placed in command of the Patrol Fleet, which guarded the coast of the United States from Galveston, Texas, to Bar Harbor, Maine, during the Spanish–American War. Erben was based at New York City, while their command consisted primarily of eight old iron monitors stationed at various ports.
Rear Admiral Erben died in New York City in 1909.
Namesake
The (1943–1958) was named in their honor.
Family
Their father, also named Henry Erben (born in New York City in 1800; died there in 1884), was an organ builder, apprenticed in 1818 to Thomas Hall, an organ builder. The admiral's grandfather Peter Erben (born in Philadelphia in 1771; died in New York City in 1863) was an organist. After the death of their father, who was one of the early German settlers in Pennsylvania, Peter moved to New York City, where they became an organ builder, and was also organist in Trinity parish from 1807 until 1839.
References
Notes
Bibliography
1832 births
1909 deaths
United States Navy rear admirals (upper half)
Union Navy officers
People of New York (state) in the American Civil War
Presidents of the State University of New York Maritime College
Marianina rosea is a species of sea slug, a dendronotid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tritoniidae.
Distribution
Marianina rosea was discovered at Ile de Pins, New Caledonia and first described in 1930. It is found throughout the Tropical Indo-Pacific from the Marianas Islands to South Africa.
References
Tritoniidae
Gastropods described in 1930
Self-interference cancellation (SIC) is a signal processing technique that enables a radio transceiver to simultaneously transmit and receive on a single channel, a pair of partially-overlapping channels, or any pair of channels in the same frequency band. When used to allow simultaneous transmission and reception on the same frequency, sometimes referred to as “in-band full-duplex” or “simultaneous transmit and receive,” SIC effectively doubles spectral efficiency. SIC also enables devices and platforms containing two radios that use the same frequency band to operate both radios simultaneously.
Self-interference cancellation has applications in mobile networks, the unlicensed bands, cable TV, mesh networks, the military, and public safety.
In-band full-duplex has advantages over conventional duplexing schemes. A frequency division duplexing (FDD) system transmits and receives at the same time by using two (usually widely separated) channels in the same frequency band. In-band full-duplex performs the same function using half of the spectrum resources. A time division duplexing (TDD) system operates half-duplex on a single channel, creating the illusion of full-duplex communication by rapidly switching back-and-forth between transmit and receive. In-band full-duplex radios achieve twice the throughput using the same spectrum resources.
Techniques
A radio transceiver cannot cancel out its own transmit signal based solely on knowledge of what information is being sent and how the transmit signal is constructed. The signal that the receiver sees is not entirely predictable. The signal that appears at the receiver is subject to varying delays. It consists of a combination of leakage (the signal traveling directly from the transmitter to the receiver) and local reflections. In addition, transmitter components (such as mixers and power amplifiers) introduce non-linearities that generate harmonics and noise. These distortions must be sampled at the output of the transmitter. Finally, the self-interference cancellation solution must detect and compensate for real-time changes caused by temperature variations, mechanical vibrations, and the motion of things in the environment.
The transmit signal can be cancelled out at the receiver by creating an accurate model of the signal and using it to generate a new signal that when combined with the signal arriving at the receiver leaves only the desired reception signal. The precise amount of cancellation required will vary depending on the power of the transmit signal that is the source of the self-interference and the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) that the link is expected to handle in half-duplex mode. A typical figure for Wi-Fi and cellular applications is 110 dB of signal cancellation, though some applications require greater cancellation.
Cancelling a local transmit signal requires a combination of analog and digital electronics. The strength of the transmit signal can be modestly reduced before it reaches the receiver by using a circulator (if a shared antenna is used) or antenna isolation techniques (such as cross polarization) if separate antennas are used. The analog canceller is most effective at handling strong signals with a short delay spread. A digital canceller is most effective at handling weak signals with delays greater than 1,000 nanoseconds. The analog canceller should contribute at least 60 dB of cancellation. The digital canceller must process both linear and non-linear signal components, producing about 50 dB of cancellation. Both the analog and digital cancellers consist of a number of “taps” composed of attenuators, phase shifters, and delay elements. The cost, size, and complexity of the SIC solution is primarily determined by the analog stage. Also essential are the tuning algorithms that enable the canceller to adapt to rapid changes. Cancellation algorithms typically need to adapt at the rate of once every few hundred microseconds to keep up with changes in the environment.
SIC can also be employed to reduce or eliminate adjacent channel interference. This allows a device containing two radios (such as a Wi-Fi access Point with two 5 GHz radios) to use any pair of channels regardless of separation. Adjacent channel interference consists of two main components. The signal on the transmit frequency, known as the blocker, may be so strong that it desensitizes a receiver listening on an adjacent channel. A strong, local transmitter also produces noise that spills over onto the adjacent channel. SIC may be used to reduce both the blocker and the noise that might otherwise prevent use of an adjacent channel.
Applications
In-band full duplex
Transmitting and receiving on exactly the same frequency at exactly the same time has multiple purposes. In-band full duplex can potentially double spectral efficiency. It permits true full duplex operation where only a single frequency is available. And it enables “listen while talking” operation (see cognitive radio, below).
Integrated access and backhaul
Though most small cells are expected to be fed using fiber optic cable, running fiber isn't always practical. Reuse of the frequencies used by a small cell to communicate with users (“access”) for communication between the small cell and the network (“backhaul”) will be part of the 3GPP's 5G standards. When implemented using SIC, the local backhaul radio's transmit signal is cancelled out at the small cell's receiver, and the small cell's transmit signal is cancelled out at the local backhaul radio's receiver. No changes are required to the users' devices or the remote backhaul radio. The use of SIC in these applications has been successfully field-tested by Telecom Italia Mobile and Deutsche Telekom.
Satellite repeaters
SIC enables satellite repeaters to extend coverage to indoor, urban canyon, and other locations by reusing the same frequencies. This type of repeater is essentially two radios connected back-to-back. One radio faces the satellite, while the other radio faces the area not in direct coverage. The two radios relay the signals (rather than store-and-forward data bits) and must be isolated from each other to prevent feedback. The satellite-facing radio listens to the satellite and must be isolated from the transmitter repeating the signal. Likewise, the indoor-facing radio listens for indoor users and must be isolated from the transmitter repeating their signals to the satellite. SIC may be used to cancel out each radio's transmit signal at the other radio's receiver.
Full-duplex DOCSIS 3.1
Cable networks have traditionally allocated most of their capacity to downstream transmissions. The recent growth in user-generated content calls for more upstream capacity. Cable Labs developed the Full Duplex DOCSIS 3.1 standard to enable symmetrical service at speeds up to 10 Gbit/s in each direction. In DOCSIS 3.1, different frequencies are allocated for upstream and downstream transmissions, separated by a guard band. Full Duplex DOCSIS establishes a new band allowing a mix of upstream and downstream channels on adjacent channels. The headend must support simultaneous transmission and reception across the full duplex band, which requires SIC technology. The cable modems are not required to transmit and receive on the same channels simultaneously, but they are required to use different combinations of upstream and downstream channels as instructed by the headend.
Wireless mesh networks
Mesh networks are used to extend coverage (to cover entire homes) and for ad-hoc networking (emergency communication). Wireless mesh networks use a mesh topology to provide the desired coverage. The data travels from one node to another until it reaches its destination. In mesh networks using a single frequency, the data is typically store-and-forwarded, with each hop adding a delay. SIC can enable wireless mesh nodes to reuse frequencies so that the data is retransmitted (relayed) as it is received. In mesh networks using multiple frequencies, such as whole-home Wi-Fi networks using “tri-band” routers, SIC can enable greater flexibility in channel selection. Tri-band routers have one 2.4 GHz and one 5 GHz radio to communicate with client devices, and a second 5 GHz radio that is used exclusively for internode communication. Most tri-band routers use the same pair of 80 MHz channels (at opposite ends of the 5 GHz band) to minimize interference. SIC can allow tri-band routers to use any of the six 80-MHz channels in the 5 GHz band for coordination both within networks and between neighboring networks.
Military communication
The military frequently requires multiple, high power radios on the same air, land, or sea platform for tactical communication. These radios must be reliable even in the face of interference and enemy jamming. SIC enables multiple radios to operate on the same platform at the same time. SIC also has potential applications in military and vehicular radar, allowing radar systems to transmit and receive continuously rather than constantly switching between transmit and receive, yielding higher resolution. These new capabilities have been recognized as a potential 'superpower' for armed forces that may bring about a paradigm shift in tactical communications and electronic warfare.
Spectrum sharing
National regulatory agencies, such as the Federal Communications Commission in the U.S., often address the need for more spectrum resources by permitting sharing of underutilized spectrum. For instance, billions of Wi-Fi and Bluetooth devices compete for access to the ISM bands. Smartphones, Wi-Fi routers, and smart home hubs frequently support Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and other wireless technologies in the same device. SIC technology enables these devices to operate two radios in the same band at the same time. Spectrum sharing is a topic of great interest to the mobile phone industry as it begins to deploy 5G systems.
Cognitive radio
Radios that dynamically select idle channels to make more efficient use of finite spectrum resources are the subject of considerable research. Traditional spectrum sharing schemes rely on Listen-before-talk protocols. However, when two or more radios choose to transmit on the same channel at the same time there is a collision. Collisions take time to detect and resolve. SIC enables listen-while-talking, ensuring immediate detection and faster resolution of collisions.
See also
Cognitive radio
DOCSIS
Duplex (telecommunications)
Mesh networking
Successive Interference Cancellation
References
Y. Hua, Y. Ma, A. Gholian, Y. Li, A. Cirik, P. Liang, “Radio Self-Interference Cancellation by Transmit Beamforming, All-Analog Cancellation and Blind Digital Tuning,” Signal Processing, Vol. 108, pp. 322-340, 2015.
External links
3GPP Integrated access and backhaul
CableLabs Full Duplex DOSCIS 3.1
GenXComm
Harris Corporation
IEEE 802.11 Full duplex topic of interest group
Kumu Networks
Radio technology
Wireless networking
Radio resource management
Radiofrequency receivers
Telecommunications engineering
Elaphus occurs in these biological names:
Cervus elaphus (red deer)
Lucanus elaphus (giant stag beetle)
See also
Elephas, a genus of elephants
U.S. Route 60 has 25 current special routes. Of these, 20 are business routes, two alternate routes, one bypass route, and one truck route. US 60 has also had one additional business route, an additional bypass route, a temporary route, and another truck route (all now decommissioned).
Tonkawa business loop
Business US 60 in Tonkawa begins at an interchange on the north side of Tonkawa. It heads south in a concurrency with U.S. Route 77, then turns east on North Avenue. East of Tonkawa, the route turns back north to reunite with the main route.
Ponca City business loop
Business US 60 in Ponca City begins at an interchange with US 60 and US 177 (the E. W. Marland Memorial Highway) and continues east down South Avenue. It turns north onto Pine Street, heading into the downtown area, east on Central, and north on Union Street. It turns east again onto Grand Avenue. At 14th Street, it turns south, forming a concurrency with U.S. Route 77. It rejoins the main highway in the southeast part of the city.
Seneca business loop
Business US 60 in Seneca begins west of the city in Oklahoma. It follows an old alignment of US 60 into the town, crossing the state line at the city limits. At Route 43, it turns south (and off the old alignment of US 60) back to the main highway. US 60 Bus., on the west side of Route 43, serves as a truck bypass route for a steep grade just south of Seneca.
Neosho business loop
Business US 60 in Neosho begins at the intersection of US 60 and U.S. Route 71 Business. The road briefly forms a concurrency with Business US 71, before turning off and heading north on Neosho Boulevard. At Harmony Street, the road begins another concurrency with Route 86. Neosho Boulevard curves east becoming Coler Street, then Business US 60 turns north on College Street (leaving Route 86), which rejoins the main highway northeast of the city at an interchange.
Monett business loop
Business US 60 in Monett begins at Kyler Street (in a concurrency with Route H) in south central Monett. It crosses over a viaduct, where Kyler Street becomes 13th Street and joins the old alignment of US 60 in the city. At Cleveland Street, the concurrency with Route H ends and the business route turns east, eventually rejoining the main route east of the city.
Verona-Aurora business loop
Business US 60 in the Verona–Aurora area begins southwest of Verona, through which it briefly passes. After leaving Verona, the road heads east through a rural area becoming South Street in Aurora. The street curves around, becoming Church Street. At Elliot Avenue is an intersection with Missouri routes 39 and 265. The road continues down Church Street, curving southeast and rejoining the main route southeast of Aurora. Sections of this route (but not the entire route) are part of old US 60.
Rogersville business loop
Business US 60 in Rogersville is an old alignment of US 60 its entire length. The highway follows Center Street, leaving the main highway which curves to the south. Where the main highway curves back north east of the city, the business route rejoins the main route.
Mansfield business loop
Business US 60 in Mansfield begins at the interchange of US 60 and Route 5, with which the business route is briefly united. It joins the old highway alignment just south of the interchange, turning east. The route curves around to become Clark Street, which angles off to become Commercial Street in the downtown area. In the middle of the city, the business route leaves the old alignment (which continues down Route A) and turns north to rejoin the main route in the northeast corner of Mansfield.
Mountain Grove business loop
Business US 60 in Mountain Grove begins on the west side of the city at an interchange with US 60. It follows the old alignment of US 60, heading into the city on Third Street. In the center of Mountain Grove is an intersection with Route 95. Third Street becomes State Street east of downtown and the business route leaves Mountain Grove. It rejoins the main route east of Mountain Grove at the unincorporated community of Dunn.
Cabool business loop
Business US 60 in Cabool follows an old alignment of US 60 through the city. West of the city, the business route leaves the main highway at an interchange and enters Cabool as Ozark Street. At Elm Street is the northern terminus of Route 181. Ozark Street curves to the northeast, eventually intersecting U.S. Route 63. Business 60 turns south in a concurrency with US 63 and rejoins the main highway southeast of Cabool.
Willow Springs business loop
Business US 60 in Willow Springs is joined with Business US 63 its entire length (as are the main highways around the city). In downtown Willow Springs, Business 60/63 intersects Route 137 at Harris Street. The business routes rejoin the main highway on the southeast part of the city.
Van Buren business loop
Business US 60 in Van Buren begins in the southern part of the city, leaving the main highway going west on James Street. At Main Street, the business route turns north, turning northeast. It rejoins the main highway east of Van Buren.
Poplar Bluff business loop
Business US 60 in Poplar Bluff begins in the northwest corner of the city at the interchange of US 60 and US 67 (Future I-57). It begins in a concurrency with Business US 67. At Pine Boulevard, Business US 60 leaves the concurrency, turning east. Pine Boulevard curves to run northeast through the city, and the business route rejoins the main route east of the city.
Dexter business loop
Business US 60 in Dexter begins on the west side of the city and head east. At Walnut Street is an intersection with Business Route 25. In the eastern part of the city, is an intersection with non-special Route 25, where Business US 60 turns north and joins Route 25. The business route rejoins the main route northeast of Dexter.
Sikeston business loop
Business US 60 in Sikeston begins southwest of the city, turning north off the main highway. The road turns east at the terminus of Route 114 and becomes Malone Avenue, parallelling the Union Pacific Railroad tracks. At Park Avenue is an intersection with Business US 61. A few blocks east of this intersection is an intersection with U.S. Routes 61 and 62. US 62 continues east here, Business US 60 eastbound, southbound US 61, and westbound US 62 head south. These three highways intersect US 60 at an interchange on the south side of Dexter, where Business US 60 ends.
Paducah business loop
Business US 60 in Paducah begins at Park Avenue where US 60 turns south. At HC Mathis Drive is an intersection with U.S. Route 45. Near the Ohio River, Park Avenue curves south becoming Fourth Street. Fourth Street angles off to become Third Street, which curves around to become Wayne Sullivan Drive. In the southeast part of Paducah, the business route rejoins the main highway.
Cloverport business loop
Business US 60 in Cloverport begins southwest of the city in a concurrency with Kentucky Route 144. It heads east into the city, then north towards the Ohio River, and heads east near the river. At Elm Street is an intersection with Kentucky Route 105. The highway curves around, rejoining the main route in the southwest part of Cloverport.
Louisville alternate route
Alternate US 60 in Louisville begins at the intersection of the Dixie Highway (US 60 and U.S. Route 31W) and KY 2049, turning east onto 7th Street Road. It zigzags through the area, following Berry Boulevard, Taylor Boulevard, Central Avenue (at the entrance to Churchill Downs racetrack, home of The Kentucky Derby and Kentucky Oaks), Crittenden Drive, and Eastern Parkway. It passes beside the University of Louisville, and just east of there it has an interchange with Interstate 65. At Bardstown Road (US 31E/US 150), it turns off onto Cherokee Parkway, then angles off onto Lexington Road, crossing over Interstate 64. At St. Matthews, it rejoins the main highway.
Versailles business loop
Business US 60 is the business route through the city of Versailles. Business US 60 is in a concurrency with US 62 to the downtown area, then heads east to join US 60 on the east side of Versailles.
Lexington business loop
Business US 60 began on the west side of the city on Versailles Road at New Circle Road (which carried Bypass US 60). Versailles Road heads downtown becoming High Street. High Street curves south through the downtown area. It leaves downtown on Midland Avenue, then Winchester Road. It rejoined the bypass route on the east side of Lexington at New Circle Road.
Lexington bypass route
Bypass US 60 serves as a northern bypass of Lexington. It is co-signed with Kentucky Route 4, commonly known as New Circle Road. At Leestown Pike is an intersection with U.S. Route 421 and at Georgetown Road is an intersection with U.S. Route 25. The road is a freeway to this point, where it becomes a divided highway. At Paris Pike is an intersection with U.S. Route 27 and U.S. Route 68. At Winchester Road, the bypass rejoins the business route to become non-special US 60.
Clifton Forge business loop
Business US 60 in Clifton Forge begins at the Interstate 64 exit 24 on the west side of the city. It starts in a concurrency with Business US 220 and is united with that road to A Street, where Business 220 turns south. After leaving Clifton Forge, Business US 60 joins non-special U.S. Route 220 and passes through Cliftondale Park before rejoining the main highway at the I-64 exit 27.
Richmond truck route
Truck US 60 in Richmond begins where US 60 turns north from Midlothan Turnpike onto Roanoke Street. It continues east along Midlothan Turnpike until it joins U.S. Route 360 (Hull Street) at the intersection of Clapton Street, and runs in concurrency with US 360, crossing the Mayo Bridge over the James River, and finally ending at US 60 between Cary Street and Main Street.
Norfolk alternate route
Alternate US 60 in Norfolk runs along VA 168 (Tidewater Drive) from US 60 to US 460 (Granby Street), and along US 460 between VA 168 and US 60.
Former special routes
Arizona temporary route
Temporary US 60 connected Globe and Springerville, Arizona in the 1950s. It was united with U.S. Route 70 from Globe to Peridot, then turned north through Fort Apache, Whiteriver, McNary, and Eagar, Arizona. It is now State Routes 170, 73, 260, and some local roads in the San Carlos Apache and Fort Apache Indian Reservations.
Springfield business loop
Business US 60 in Springfield connected the main route with the downtown area. US 60 followed Sunshine Street and Glenstone Avenue when Business 60 was active. It began at Sunshine Avenue and Scenic Street, heading north to College Street (an earlier alignment of US 60). The route headed east through Park Central Square, then east on St. Louis Street to Glenstone Avenue. It turned south on Glenstone to rejoin the main route at Sunshine. Over time, Business US 60 had concurrencies with U.S. Route 66 Business and Business US 166.
Former Owensboro bypass route
Bypass US 60 was a loop around the city of Owensboro; the main route passed through the downtown area. The road was a freeway with exit numbers. In April 2011, in conjunction with the KY Transportation Cabinet, U.S. 60 no longer passes through downtown and the former "bypass" is the main U.S. 60 route.
References
60
Special routes
60
60
60
60
60
The Thames gas field is a depleted natural gas reservoir and former gas production facility in the UK sector of the southern North Sea. The field is located about 80 km north east of Bacton, Norfolk; the Thames production facility was in operation from 1986 until 2014.
The fields
The Thames field was discovered by ARCO in December 1973 by well 49/28-4. The field is principally located in Block 48/28. The gas reservoir is a Rotliegend sandstone. At the time of start-up, the field was jointly owned by ARCO British Ltd (43.34%), British Sun Oil Co Ltd (23.33%), Superior Oil (UK) Ltd (20.00%), Deminex UK Oil & Gas Ltd (10.00%), and Canadian Superior Oil (UK) Ltd (3.33%). The field was anticipated to have recoverable reserves of 16.2 billion cubic metres (bcm).
In addition to the Thames, the adjacent fields produced natural gas to the Thames facility.
note 1. Reserves are in a billion cubic metres (bcm).
The Thames, Bure, Deben, Welland, Wensum and Yare fields are named after rivers in East Anglia and south east England.
Arthur and Gawain are part of the Arthurian gas fields.
Development
The Thames field was developed by ARCO as a central 3-platform bridge linked complex. In addition to its own gas, Thames was designed to be a central hub to receive and process well fluids from the surrounding installations. Processed gas was transmitted by pipeline from the Thames to the Bacton Gas Terminal, Norfolk. The main design parameters of the Thames area installations are summarized in the table.
In 2007 the Deben wellhead was reused for the Thurne development.
The Thames AP platform had the main process equipment which included gas compressors and liquid handling plant. The accommodation facilities for 47 crew were also located on AP. The AW platform had 5 wellheads and the reception facilities for Arthur, Orwell, Gawain, Bure, Welland and Yare fields. The AR platform had reception facilities for Bure West, Horne/Wren and Thurne fields.
In addition to the gas pipelines, there were also umbilicals between some of the installations.
As part of the Thames development new pipeline reception facilities and process plant was installed at the Phillips (latter Eni, Tullow) terminal at Bacton gas terminal. From the reception facilities gas passed to the former Amoco (later Perenco) site for treatment.
Gas production
Gas production from the Thames and the connected fields is shown in the table, data includes the peak rate and the cumulative production over the period 1986 to 2014.
The production profile, in mcm/y, of the Thames field was as shown.
The production profile, in mcm/y, of the Orwell field was as shown.
Decommissioning and recommissioning
A cessation of production authorisation for the Thames was granted in May 2014. Perenco developed a decommissioning programme. This entailed the plugging and abandonment of all wells and removal of all structures above the seabed. Pipelines were left in situ after being flushed and filled with seawater.
In 2019 Independent Oil and Gas (now IOG) purchased the Thames gas pipeline reception facilities at the Bacton terminal. The facilities comprise an area of land within the Perenco part of Bacton where IOG's fully-owned Thames pipeline connects to the terminal. It includes gas and liquids reception equipment recommissioned for the development of IOG's southern North Sea Core Project, across six fields. Produced gas will continue onto the main Perenco Bacton plant for final processing. In 2021 the Blythe and Southwark platforms were installed.
See also
Bacton gas terminal
Arthurian gas fields
Leman gas field
Indefatigable gas field
List of oil and gas fields of the North Sea
References
Natural gas fields in the United Kingdom
North Sea energy
North Sea
Robert Lee Nelson (born June 30, 1953 in Stillwater, Minnesota) is a retired American football linebacker in the National Football League. They played for the Buffalo Bills, the San Francisco 49ers, and the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders. They started in Super Bowl XV and in Super Bowl XVIII for the Raiders. Nelson played college football at the University of Nebraska.
External links
NFL.com player page
1953 births
Living people
People from Stillwater, Minnesota
Players of American football from Minnesota
American football linebackers
Nebraska Cornhuskers football players
Buffalo Bills players
San Francisco 49ers players
Oakland Raiders players
Los Angeles Raiders players
Arthur Irving Gates (22 September 1890 – 24 August 1972) was an American educationist who specialized in educational psychology. They wrote several books and papers on remedial education, testing, and reading; and served as a professor in Columbia University.
Gates was born in Red Wing, Minnesota to William P. and Lenore Gaylord (who had a son from an earlier marriage). They began to read by the age of three thanks to their mother's teaching. The family moved in 1892 to Fortuna, California where their father worked in a lumber company. They went to local schools and joined the University of California, Berkeley majoring in experimental psychology. They spent a few years of graduate studies and then moved to Columbia University where they obtained their doctoral degree in 1917 and then joined as a teaching fellow. They became a full professor in 1956. They wrote several books on the psychology of reading, the remediation of reading difficulties, and put forward support for the view that children should not be taught reading as an end in itself or as an isolated activity but in the context of things and activities that they find interesting. Some of their students included Ruth Strang, Margaret Mead, Dorothy Van Alstyne, Guy L. Bond, and David H. Russell. Their student Walter H. McGinitie was involved in the creation of the reading test known as the Gates-McGinitie Reading Test.
In 1920 they married Georgina Strickland, who received a PhD in psychology from Columbia University. They had a daughter Katherine who was a doctorate in English literature from Harvard-Radcliffe.
References
External links
Reading Hall of Fame
Educational psychologists
1890 births
1972 deaths
People from Fortuna, California
People from Red Wing, Minnesota
Columbia University alumni
Columbia University faculty
University of California, Berkeley alumni
Kapaklı is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 134 people.
References
Villages in Gerede District
Ben Reig (d.1968) was an American fashion business person who ran their eponymous New York company from 1929 to 1968. The company closed in 1973.
The Ben Reig company was founded in 1929. Reig employed various designers to head it up, most notably being the Hollywood costume designer Omar Kiam from 1941 to 1954. In 1946, Kiam won the Coty Award for their work at Ben Reig. In 1954, Kiam was succeeded by Edward Beckham until 1960. From 1961 to 1968, Eva Rosencrans was head designer for the label. Liz Claiborne also worked for Reig in the early 1950s when they were Kiam's assistant.
Reig died in 1968. Their obituary in The New York Times credited them with helping make cotton popular as a fashion fabric.
The Ben Reig company closed in 1973.
References
1968 deaths
1929 establishments in New York City
1973 disestablishments in New York (state)
American fashion businesspeople
Year of birth missing
Marvin Christopher Dienst (; born 24 February 1997) is a German racing driver, who last competed in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters for Mercedes-AMG Team Mücke Motorsport. Dienst won the Formula BMW Talent Cup in 2012 and the ADAC Formula 4 championship in 2015.
Career
Karting and early career
Dienst began karting in 2007, collecting their first major karting victory that year in the ADAC Kart Masters. They also won the Stefan-Bellof Pokal in 2009. They remained in karting until 2011. In 2012 they participated in the Formula BMW Talent Cup, a competition for junior drivers. They won the competition, earning sponsorship for 2013 for higher-level single-seater racing series'.
Formula 4 & 3
In 2013, Dienst graduated to single seaters in ADAC Formel Masters, racing for Neuhauser Racing. They achieved eight podiums, including their first victory at the Automotodróm Slovakia Ring. They ended their debut season in fifth. Dienst went on to race for ADAC Berlin-Brandenburg in their second season, winning three races and achieving seven podiums, improving their championship rank to fourth. In 2015, they participated in the inaugural season of the ADAC Formula 4 Championship, which replaced the ADAC Formel Masters. Racing for the HTP Junior Team, Dienst won the championship, thus becoming first champion of the German Formula 4 championship. Dienst also started three races in the 2015 FIA Formula 3 European Championship for Artline Engineering as a guest driver.
Later career
In 2016, Dienst participated in the ADAC GT Masters for Schütz Motorsport. In the penultimate round at the Hockenheimring, they were able to achieve a podium finish for the first time. They scored a total of 51 points, and placed 14th in the drivers' classification and fifth in the junior classification.
In 2017, they drove for the Dempsey-Proton Racing team in the FIA World Endurance Championship, in the LMGTE Am class. In addition, they made a guest appearance for Craft-Bamboo Racing in the GT World Challenge Asia in Shanghai. Here they finished race 1 in 6th place and won race 2 with their teammate Darryl O'Young. This was their first victory with Porsche in the GT3 class.
In 2018 they participated in the European Le Mans Series in the GTE class for Proton Competition.
Dienst again competed in the ADAC GT Masters in 2019 and 2020. They have since gone on to compete in the ADAC GT4 Germany, Nürburgring Endurance Series, Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters and the Intercontinental GT Challenge.
Karting record
Karting career summary
Racing record
Racing career summary
† As Dienst was a guest driver, they were ineligible for championship points.
* Season still in progress.
Complete ADAC Formel Masters results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete ADAC Formula 4 Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete FIA Formula 3 European Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
As Dienst was a guest driver, they were ineligible for points.
Complete ADAC GT Masters results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete FIA World Endurance Championship results
24 Hours of Le Mans results
Complete Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position) (Races in italics indicate the fastest lap)
Complete IMSA SportsCar Championship results
(key) (Races in bold indicate pole position)
References
External links
1997 births
Living people
German racing drivers
ADAC Formel Masters drivers
ADAC Formula 4 champions
FIA Formula 3 European Championship drivers
People from Worms, Germany
ADAC Formula 4 drivers
ADAC GT Masters drivers
FIA World Endurance Championship drivers
Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters drivers
WeatherTech SportsCar Championship drivers
European Le Mans Series drivers
Neuhauser Racing drivers
Mücke Motorsport drivers
Formula BMW drivers
US Racing drivers
Mercedes-AMG Motorsport drivers
Porsche Motorsports drivers
The International Prison Chaplains' Association (IPCA) is an association of prison chaplains. It is divided into several sections like IPCA-Europe, IPCA Oceania etc. It is a non-governmental organization and has held Special Consultative Status to the United Nations Economic and Social Council since 2014.
IPCA Europe
IPCA-Europe, the European section of the global IPCA organization (founded 1985 in Bossey, Switzerland), commenced its work with the Ecumenical Conference for Pastoral Counselling in European Prisons, held in Strasbourg in May 1992. The conference was conducted in collaboration with the Council of Europe.
The working goal (now partially achieved) is to create a network between prison chaplains of all Christian churches in Europe. The network is intended to facilitate ecumenical cooperation and mutual support. The chief aims are: maintenance of human rights and freedom of religious practice and pastoral counseling in prisons, protection of minorities and improvement of the situation of crime victims.
At regular intervals, currently every four years, IPCA-Europe organizes a pan-European conference chiefly aimed at active prison chaplains. Following the 1992 event, further conferences took place in Rugby, England in 1994, in Ystad, Sweden in 1997 and in Driebergen, the Netherlands in 2001. Each conference was attended by more than 100 participants from some 30 European countries. Between the pan-European conferences IPCA-Europe also initiates working groups and regional conferences in collaboration with regional and national associations of prison chaplains.
IPCA-Europe is an associate organization of the CEC (Conference of European Churches) and is in contact with the Committee for the Prevention of Torture of the Council of Europe.
During the pan-European conferences a steering committee is elected to prepare the next conference and to conduct business. The steering committee is itself responsible for funding its work. It elects a chairperson and, generally speaking, meets twice a year. The steering committee currently comprises eight elected members and one co-opted member from various European regions and churches.
IPCA-Europe does not have a secure budget at its disposal. The work is funded through project-based ecclesiastical and state grants. This funding is particularly crucial for ensuring the collaboration and participation of prison chaplains from Eastern and Southern Europe.
The Ten Points of IPCA-EUROPE
"IPCA Europe works on an ecumenical basis, founded on the IPCA Worldwide Charter".
"We are keen to engage in activities which are firmly based on the good news of Jesus Christ"
"We are seeking to develop exchanges in Europe between our various chaplaincies with a view to providing mutual support".
"We hope to establish European networks to encourage twinning and ecumenical working groups".
"We hope that these exchanges could be extended to other countries, particularly the Third World, in conjunction with IPCA Worldwide".
"We also hope to develop our watchfulness concerning the problems of justice and human rights, and with this in mind to work alongside the European Ecumenical Commission for Church and Society (Brussels and Strasbourg). (EECCS has developed to: KEK-Commission for Church and Society)
"We hope to be able to share more in the problems faced by church chaplains in Eastern Europe and Southern Europe".
"We are working to help our churches to adopt the most appropriate position vis-à-vis justice and its social consequences in each of our countries"
"In the name of the different churches, united in the same desire to serve, we are called, as chaplains, to become communities of action and prayer in Jesus Christ".
"God willing, we will meet for a new Conference, organised by the Committee of IPCA-Europe, which will be held on the date and at the place to be decided on, if we so wish.
References
External links
International Prison Chaplains' Association Official Website
Religious prison-related organizations
Prison chaplains
Forquetinha is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. It was raised to municipality status in 1996, the area being taken out of the municipality of Lajeado.
References
Municipalities in Rio Grande do Sul
Andriy Olehovych Oliynyk (; born 16 January 1986) is a Ukrainian football goalkeeper currently playing for Ukrainian Second League club Kremin.
Club history
Andriy Oliynyk signed with FC Kremin Kremenchuk during 2004 summer transfer window.
Career statistics
References
External links
Profile – Official Kremin site
FC Kremin Kremenchuk Squad on the PFL website
Profile on the FFU website
1986 births
Living people
People from Bila Tserkva
FC Kremin Kremenchuk players
Ukrainian footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Ukrainian Second League players
Sportspeople from Kyiv Oblast
Yasmin Mrabet (, born 8 August 1999) is a Spanish-born Moroccan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Primera División club FC Levante Las Planas and the Morocco women's national team.
Early life
Mrabet was born in Madrid to a Moroccan father and an English mother.
Club career
Mrabet has played for Madrid CFF, Rayo Vallecano and Levante Las Planas in Spain.
International career
Mrabet represented Spain at the 2018 UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship. They later switched allegiance to Morocco and made their senior debut on 30 November 2021 as a starter in a 2–0 friendly home win over Senegal. On 13 July 2022, they scored the winning goal in the 2022 Women's Africa Cup of Nations quarterfinal match against Botswana, allowing Morocco to qualify for its first time ever to the FIFA Women's World Cup (the 2023 edition).
See also
List of Morocco women's international footballers
Notes
References
External links
Yasmin Mrabet at BDFutbol
1999 births
Living people
Citizens of Morocco through descent
Moroccan women's footballers
Women's association football midfielders
Morocco women's international footballers
Moroccan people of English descent
Footballers from Madrid
Spanish women's footballers
Madrid CFF players
Rayo Vallecano Femenino players
FC Levante Las Planas players
Primera División (women) players
Segunda Federación (women) players
Spain women's youth international footballers
Spanish sportspeople of Moroccan descent
Spanish people of English descent
Stephanus Petrus Wessels (born 9 November 1992) is a South African rugby union player, who last played with the . They play as a loosehead prop.
Rugby career
2009 : Schoolboy rugby
Wessels was born in Paarl. They attended Jan Kriel School in Kuils River, a school for Learners with Special Educational Needs (LSEN), from where they were selected in a South African LSEN team that competed at the 2009 Under-18 Craven Week tournament held in East London. They started all three of their matches and scored a try in their match against Boland.
2011 : Western Province
In 2011, Wessels made four appearances for the team in the Under-19 Provincial Championship. They started one of those – as a tighthead prop in a 9–all draw against the s – and three appearances as a replacement.
2012 : Griquas
Wessels moved to Kimberley for the 2012 season. They started all seven matches for the team in Division B of the Under-21 Provincial Championship, helping them finish in fourth position to reach the semi-finals, where they were beaten 5–67 by .
2013–present : Boland Cavaliers
Wessels moved back to the Western Cape for the 2013, joining the Wellington-based . They made seven starts for the team in the 2013 Under-21 Provincial Championship regular season, scoring two tries in their final match against to finish second on the log and secure a play-off spot. Wessels started their 25–22 victory over in the semi-final, as well as the final against , which the side from Port Elizabeth won 59–19.
At the start of 2014, Wessels took part in the national amateur club rugby competition, the Community Cup, for Roses United. They helped them finish top of Pool C, and eventual sixth place in the competition after losing to Despatch in the Bowl Final. They made their first class debut in April 2014, coming on as a replacement for Boland Cavaliers in their 21–28 defeat to the in the 2014 Vodacom Cup, making a further appearance in a 41–17 victory over the in Piketberg a fortnight later.
Wessels returned to Vodacom Cup action in 2015, making six appearances in the competition. After four appearances off the bench, they made their first senior start against the Eastern Province Kings in Citrusdal, followed by a second start a week later against the Border Bulldogs. They were then named in their Currie Cup qualification squad, starting all six of their matches as their team finished in fourth position, unable to clinch a place in the Currie Cup Premier Division. They made three starts for them in the First Division, but five consecutive defeats condemned the team to fifth place, missing out on the play-offs.
Wessels made six starts for the Boland Cavaliers during the 2016 Currie Cup qualification competition. It proved to be a successful campaign under new head coach Brent Janse van Rensburg, with Boland finishing in third position in the competition to qualify for the Premier Division for the first time since 2009. They made their debut at that level in their opening match of the season, a 16–44 defeat to the in Wellington, eventually making seven appearances to help their side to seventh place in the competition.
References
South African rugby union players
Living people
1992 births
Sportspeople from Paarl
Rugby union props
Boland Cavaliers players
Rugby union players from the Western Cape
The 2018 NHK Trophy was the fourth event of six in the 2018–19 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition series. It was held at Hiroshima Green Arena in Hiroshima on November 9–11. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters also earned points toward qualifying for the 2018–19 Grand Prix Final.
Entries
The ISU published the preliminary assignments on June 29, 2018.
Changes to preliminary assignments
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Ice dancing
References
External links
2018 NHK Trophy at the International Skating Union
Entry orders and results
NHK Trophy
NHK Trophy
NHK Trophy
NHK Trophy
Florida's Hazelhurst terrace and shoreline (formerly the Brandywine) is an ancient relict shoreline or delta present in the southeastern United States's Atlantic seaboard dating from the Late Miocene to Early Pliocene (~11.0 to 7.0 Ma—3.6 to 2.88 Ma).
Entomology
The name Hazelhurst was assigned by Dr. C. Wythe Cooke of the Florida Geographical Survey after previously calling it the Brandywine after the Brandywine deposits in Prince George's County, Maryland. and includes the geographic features of R. O. Vernon's Coastwise delta plain as well as MacNeil's high Pliocene marine terrace. Deposits are found between 97 and 65.5 meters (320–215 feet) mean sea level.
Creation
The Hazelhurst was created during the Late Miocene or Early Pliocene periods and not during the Pleistocene interstadial events according to geologists MacNeil, Yon, Hendry, and Vernon. Their argument for late Miocene or early Pliocene origin is the absence of scarps on the Hazelhurst's upper edges. MacNeil et al., do point to the presence of deposition from river deltas. Though not a shoreline and terrace according to these geologists, it is included within the mapping by the Florida Geological Survey's terraces and shorelines as a geological marker for marine presence.
The Hazelhurst exists in many Florida panhandle counties west to east. What would be Gadsden and Liberty County, Florida in particular had a very large landmass not only created by rising and lowering sea levels, but from depositions from the Apalachicola River on Gadsden's west side. This high ground is within the Tifton/Tallahassee Uplands.
Other counties with substantial landmass are Escambia (Perdido River), Santa Rosa (Black River), Okaloosa (Yellow River) and Walton, all within the Western Highlands.
East of the Florida panhandle, there are 2 small landmasses in northern Jefferson and 2 in northern Madison County (Tifton/Tallahassee Uplands). The border between the counties of Bradford and Clay shows a small area of Hazelhurst deposition (between 150–300 feet above MSL) and within the larger Trail Ridge rise, a designation by the Lake Bioassessment/Regionalization Initiative of the Florida Department of Environmental Regulation.
References
Natural history of Florida
Geography of Florida
Tezozomoctli (1406–1483) was the tlatoani (ruler) of Tizic, a subdivision of the pre-Columbian Nahua state of Cuitlahuac, from the year 1 Reed (1415) until their death in the year 4 Reed (1483).
Notes
References
1406 births
1483 deaths
Tlatoque
Erickson Landing is an unincorporated community in Iron County, Michigan, United States.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Iron County, Michigan
Unincorporated communities in Michigan
I'm From the City is a 1938 American Western film directed by Ben Holmes who also wrote the story which was adapted into a screenplay by Nicholas T. Barrows, Robert St. Clair, and John Grey. William Sistrom produced the film for RKO Radio Pictures, which also distributed the picture, premiering on August 5, 1938. The film stars Joe Penner, Richard Lane, and Lorraine Krueger.
Cast
Joe Penner as Peter 'Pete' Pepper
Richard Lane as Captain Oliver 'Ollie' Fitch
Lorraine Krueger as Rosie Martindale
Paul Guilfoyle as Willie
Kay Sutton as Marlene Martindale
Kathryn Sheldon as Grandma Hattie Martindale
Ethan Laidlaw as Jeff, Ranch Foreman
Lafe McKee as Colonel Bixby (credited as Lafayette McKee)
Edmund Cobb as Red, Ranch Hand
Clyde Kenney as Butch, Ranch Hand (credited as Clyde Kinney)
Hank Bell as Cowboy Near Pig Cage (uncredited)
Willie Best as Train Porter (uncredited)
Bud Jamison as Circus Spectator Next to Rosie (uncredited)
Chris-Pin Martin as Mexican Ranch Hand (uncredited)
Clarence Nash as Duck (voice) (uncredited)
References
External links
1938 Western (genre) films
1938 films
Films directed by Ben Holmes
RKO Pictures films
American black-and-white films
American Western (genre) films
1930s American films
Artemy Safronovich Babinov (Артемий Сафронович Бабинов), a Russian explorer from the village of Verkh-Usolka, discovered the shortest path across the Urals from Solikamsk in the Perm region to Verkhoturye in the east in 1597. Babinov's Road was eight times shorter than the Cherdyn Route previously used. Their story remains popular in the Urals. It is claimed that Babinov secretly followed the Vogul hunters through the woods, marking the road with broken branches. As a reward for their discovery, Tsar Theodor gave them a sizable tract of land and exempted them from payment of taxes.
References
Russian explorers
17th-century explorers
Explorers of Siberia
North Buton Regency (Kabupaten Buton Utara) is a regency of Indonesia's Southeast Sulawesi Province, which was separated from Buton Regency in accordance with Indonesia's Law Number 14 of 2007. The area of the regency, which covers the north part of Buton Island, is 1,923.03 km2. Its population was 54,736 at the 2010 Census and 66,653 at the 2020 Census. The principal town lies at Buranga.
Administration
North Buton Regency is divided into six districts (kecamatan), tabulated below with their areas and their populations at the 2010 Census and the 2020 Census.
Note that five other administrative districts (kecamatan) which lie geographically on the west coast of North Buton - Pasir Putih, Pasi Kolaga, Wakorumba Selatan (South Wakorumba), Batukara and Maligano - with a combined area of 400.78 km2 and a population of 22,534 at the 2020 Census), are administratively part of Muna Regency.
Climate
Buranga, the regency seat has a tropical savanna climate (Aw) with moderate to little rainfall from July to November and heavy rainfall from December to June.
References
Regencies of Southeast Sulawesi
Sperris Quoit is a ruined megalithic burial chamber or dolmen, and one of a type of tomb unique to West Penwith, located on a moor around 365 metres northeast of Zennor Quoit, being roughly halfway between Zennor and Amalveor, Cornwall. It is the northernmost quoit in the Penwith peninsula and a Scheduled Monument.
Etymology
The word "Sperris" is believed to have been derived from the identical Cornish word "sperris", which means hobgoblin, ghost, or sprite, whereas the word "Quoit" is believed to derive from the Old French word "coite", and means "a large flat stone atop a cromlech", or tomb.
History
Sperris Quoit is over 4000 years old, and may be older, possibly as old as 7000 years, as it has been dated variously at late- or post-neolithic, and late mesolithic or neolithic. It was in relatively good condition until at least the early 19th century, but there is evidence that stones have been removed since then, for local building work in the village of Zennor. The site was rediscovered in 1954 by Thomas and Wakes, who excavated it in part.
Description
The quoit is situated in rough moorland on the side of Zennor Hill, at about 230 metres above sea level, and is close to several rocky outcrops. About 12 metres in diameter, five stones were found during the excavations, two standing, and three fallen, of which one has eroded to a stump, although due to heavy vegetation and dense gorse, only one upright of the chamber is visible, which is over 1.5 metres tall. It is surrounded on all sides by bracken, gorse, and thick vegetation. The capstone is missing entirely. A cremation pit was discovered during the excavations, and the antechamber faces south.
See also
Spolia
References
External links
How to Find Sperris Quoit
Archaeological sites in Cornwall
Scheduled monuments in Cornwall
Dolmens in Cornwall
Zennor
Dennis Melland is an American curler, and a 1971 United States men's curling champion.
Teams
Personal life
Their brother Rodney is also a curler and Dennis' teammate.
References
External links
Living people
American male curlers
World curling champions
American curling champions
Year of birth missing (living people)
Joseph Tarife Durero (born in 1968 in Dapa) is a Philippine-born clergyman and bishop-elect for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Daru-Kiunga in Papua New Guinea. They were appointed bishop in May 2021 and will succeed Canadian Gilles Côté who vacated the post in November 2020.
The authors of the bishop's coat of arms are Slovak heraldic artists Marek Sobola and Drahomír Velička.
References
1968 births
Filipino Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Daru-Kiunga
Living people
United States v. Brignoni-Ponce, 422 U.S. 873 (1975), was the case in which the Supreme Court determined it was a violation of the Fourth Amendment for a roving patrol car to stop a vehicle solely on the basis of the driver appearing to be of Mexican descent. A roving patrol car must have articulable facts that allow for an officer to have a reasonable suspicion that the person is carrying illegal aliens beyond their ethnicity. The Court handed down a 9–0 decision that affirmed the Circuit Court's ruling in the case.
Background
As part of normal procedure for the United States Border Patrol in Southern California there was a permanent traffic checkpoint set up Interstate 5 just outside San Clemente, California. On March 11, 1973, the checkpoint had been closed because of inclement weather so the officers sat on the side of the highway in their vehicle with their headlights facing northbound traffic. They pursued a vehicle with three occupants in it, stating later that their only reason for pursuing the vehicle was because of the occupant's apparent Mexican ethnicity.
The officers questioned Felix Humberto Brignoni-Ponce and their two passengers about their citizenship and discovered that Brignoni-Ponce's two passengers had entered the country illegally. The officers proceeded to arrest the three individuals. The driver was charged with two counts of knowingly transporting illegal immigrants, a violation of § 274 (a) (2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, 66 Stat. 228 and the two passengers were arrested for entering the country illegally.
At the trial for the defendant, they argued that the two passengers should not have to testify because their statements were the result of an illegal seizure, but their motion was denied. The two passengers testified and the defendant was found guilty of both counts. The defendant then appealed the decision saying that because the stop was based solely on the basis of their ethnicity, it was a violation of their Fourth Amendment rights. The Fourth Amendment protects a person from unreasonable search and seizures.
Border Patrol's argument
The Border Patrol derived its power to stop the individuals from two separate laws. The first was Section 287 (a) (1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, 8 U. S. C. § 1357 (a) (1), authorizes any officer or employee of the Immigration and Naturalization Service without a warrant, "to interrogate any alien or person believed to be an alien as to their right to be or to remain in the United States." The second was Section 287 (a) (3) of the Act, 8 U. S. C. § 1357 (a) (3), which authorizes agents, without a warrant, to search cars traveling near the border that are suspected to have or are transporting persons trying to enter the country illegally. From this, they believe that their actions were lawful even if an act of Congress cannot supersede the Constitution.
Court's decision
The Court held a search and seizure based solely on the "appearance of Mexican ancestry" violates the Fourth Amendment. Without a reasonable suspicion generated by articulable facts, a police search is illegal.
According to the precedent set in Terry v. Ohio and Adams v. Williams, under appropriate circumstances, a roving patrol may perform a limited search and seizure without having probable cause to arrest the person. These circumstances include information that the person may have drugs or weapons, a visual scan of the person's vehicle reveals something suspicious or as in this case a visual reason to believe that the person is carrying illegal aliens into the country.
Valid examples of what constitutes as suspicion of carrying illegal aliens include driving a station wagon with fold down seats or spare tires removed to conceal aliens, having a low riding vehicle, having an overly packed vehicle, or driving erratically. Also, the officer's knowledge of the area, experience, and training in dealing with illegal aliens dictates the decision to pursue a search. Thus, an officer must have one of these articulable facts in order stop someone and question their citizenship.
However, in this case the defendants were stopped for one reason: solely on the basis of their appeared Mexican ancestry. The court concluded that this reason alone made the stop unreasonable. The lack of articulable facts to generate suspicion that the car was carrying illegal aliens meant that this search was illegal. There are millions of people living in the area around San Diego that are naturalized and native-born of Mexico and "even in the border area, a small proportion of them are aliens." It is unreasonable to assume that any person who appears Mexican is an illegal alien or could be transporting illegal aliens. To allow such unrestricted roving patrol stops would be to subject all residents of the border area to unreasonable searches and seizures just because of their ethnicity, therefore the stop of the defendant was a violation of the Fourth Amendment and the charges were dropped.
History of Felix Humberto Brignoni-Ponce
Despite being freed from the charges in this case, Brignoni-Ponce was arrested for carrying illegal aliens five times in fifteen years, spending over three years in jail for their crimes. Their last-known arrest was on February 25, 1981, six years after their Supreme Court case was decided, at a San Clemente checkpoint, for smuggling thirteen illegal aliens. Ironically, Brignoni-Ponce was born in Puerto Rico, not of Mexican descent as suspected in their initial stop by the Border Patrol, and is an American citizen. This case's effects on Border Patrol agents have been compared to the effects the Miranda decision had on attorneys and prosecutors.
References
Further reading
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Burger Court
United States Fourth Amendment case law
1975 in United States case law
Border guards
Mexico–United States relations
United States immigration and naturalization case law
Mexican American
Way to Go, Einstein was a Canadian five-piece indie rock music group formed in 2006 in Vancouver, British Columbia. Their second LP, Pseudonym, was released on March 17, 2009 by Submerged Records. It was recorded over a period of eight months at the band's studios in New Westminster, Burnaby, and at The Hive Creative Labs with Colin Stewart. Pseudonym was featured on the college radio top fifty charts in many cities across Canada. The band, originally composed of members Andrew (Vocals) and Kevin (Guitar), completed its line-up in early 2007. Each member comes from their own separate musical background, making for an eclectic mix of ambient and at times heavy guitars, melodic vocals and piano, synthesizers, hypnotic bass lines, and creative rhythms. Way to Go, Einstein's first album Hide and Seek Champion was released in 2007 by Broken Oak Records. The first single, "Walk Through Fire", created some initial buzz for the band in the Vancouver area. Way to Go, Einstein disbanded peacefully in 2010 after several months of stagnation. Members Geoffrey and Kevin later formed synth-pop duo Fathoms in 2012. Benson Musaev went on to a career as a sculptor for make up and special effects in film and television.
Members
Andrew Carter: voice/guitar/piano
Kevin Jack: guitar/synth/moods
Geoffrey Nilson: guitar/synth/voice/tambourine
Benson Musaev: bass
Michael Munro: drums
Discography
(2007) Hide and Seek Champion
(2009) Pseudonym
References
Notes
Bibliography
Charlesworth, Jenny "Way to Go, Einstein's Quiet Genius Dwells on the Dark Side." https://www.straight.com/article-223422/einsteins-quiet-genius-dwells-dark-side Accessed May 29, 2009
Mack, Adrian "Somebody Gets Eno On the Phone!: Way to Go, Einstein is Making Pristine Pop for Grown-ups." https://thetyee.ca/Music/2009/05/28/WayToGoEinstein Accessed May 29, 2009
External links
Way to Go, Einstein at SoundCloud
Way to Go, Einstein at Myspace
Submerged Records
The Hive
Musical groups established in 2006
Musical groups disestablished in 2010
Musical groups from Vancouver
Canadian indie rock groups
2006 establishments in British Columbia
2010 disestablishments in British Columbia
Stir is a four piece alternative rock band from St. Louis, Missouri.
History
Formation and major label signing
Stir was founded in 1994 as a three piece band at the University of Missouri, and consisted of lead vocalist and guitarist Andy Schmidt, bassist Kevin Gagnepain, and drummer Brad Booker. Schmidt, Gagnepain and Booker had been in another band previous to Stir named "The Choice" and decided to form the band when that band's lead singer, Rick Smith, decided to no longer pursue a career in music.
The band released a self-produced, independent LP titled "Until Now" in 1995 under its own label, Stir Music. Later that year, the band played at the South by Southwest festival. The band signed with the indie label Aware Records following the performance, subsequently releasing their eponymous debut album, Stir in 1996. This record included much of the material from the independent release. Later signed up by major label Capitol Records, the self-titled Stir was re-released to wider distribution.
Under the Capitol imprint they also released their second record Holy Dogs in 2000 and were praised by radio program directors as the "new golden boys."
Commercial efforts and successes
The band found some radio success in the alternative rock genre. The highest-charting single was "Looking For", from the eponymous debut, which peaked at number 8 in 1997 on the Billboard mainstream rock chart. However, the follow-up single, "One Angel" was said to be their breakthrough song, but failed to significantly chart during its release. The two singles from Holy Dogs, "New Beginning" and "Climbing The Walls", also saw some success on the Billboard charts in 2000, but were ill-supported by Capitol. While on tour with Train, five songs from the band's set, including "Superstation", were broadcast live on the Westwood One radio network. During this time the band also made two appearances on the nationally syndicated radio show, Rockline, on May 12, 1997 and March 13, 2000. During support of Holy Dogs they made an appearance on then-popular VH1 show The List, performing "New Beginning" as well as a cover of the Nirvana single "In Bloom" live in the studio. Rumors and talks of a late night TV performance never blossomed, although the band has stated they were close to appearing on the Late Show with David Letterman.
Even with all of this self-promotion, and the semi-success of the singles, Holy Dogs failed to make a dent in the industry, selling roughly 45,000 copies by the end of the album cycle.
In late 2001/early 2002, Andy and Kevin entered a new song of theirs into the International Songwriting Competition, an annual contest typically receiving 15,000+ entries from bands and artists around the globe, featuring industry judges such as Rob Thomas of matchbox twenty, Arif Mardin, and many others. Their song, "Skeletons" won the grand prize out of all entries.
This song, plus others such as "Hold On" and "What You Do", were slated for release on the band's forthcoming album, which Capitol Records had scheduled for release on April 22, 2003.
Changes and setbacks
Following the tour in support of Holy Dogs, founding member and drummer Brad Booker left the band to pursue a solo career, arranging compositions for some Volkswagen and NCAA ads, as well as joining up briefly with Gravity Kills and then Apartment 26 (see notes below). In addition to their replacement on drums, a second guitarist was added to the band. At a concert in St. Louis on July 5, 2002, the newly reformed Stir appeared for the first time as a four piece, now including:
Thom Donovan, guitarist (Lapush)
John Pessoni, drummer (formerly of The Urge)
Stir debuted several new songs, including "Not the Only One", "First Time", and "Hold On." They also performed a cover of Guns N' Roses "Sweet Child o' Mine", as well as the fan-favorite cover of Ozzy Osbourne's "Crazy Train", which had been previously recorded for the Westwood One In Concert program. All of the original songs, also possibly including a studio cover of The Who's "Baba O'Riley", were set to be released on the group's third major-label disc on April 22, 2003. However, weeks before the scheduled release date, the album was shelved indefinitely due to a shift in the label's ownership and management.
Attributed to this change, a falling out occurred with Capitol Records, as everyone who was behind the band had either left or been fired by Capitol, leaving the group in limbo and the album of new material without official release. The band was eventually dropped by Capitol after extended talks, but the label retained the rights to the unreleased material as well as the previous albums (both of which were out of print, but have since been reissued, both physically and digitally). As posted to the band's message board, bassist Kevin Gagnepain refers to the unreleased CD by the title Untitled, Unmastered, and Unemployed. Since then, much of the material has been released to the internet by the band and is also available at an unofficial site with a large amount of compiled live and unreleased material, stirmusic.net.
Start of decade-long hiatus
The band unofficially broke up in 2005, shortly after Andy and Kevin played an acoustic concert on 11/26 at The Pageant in St. Louis, in support of a local musicians showcase. Gagnepain had stated on numerous occasions that the band is not indefinitely finished. However, there were rumors circulating that Schmidt confirmed at the time that the likelihood of any type of Stir reunion or concert is "very slim" and "probably won't happen."
During the extended hiatus as Stir, several members established themselves in new musical efforts as solo artists or with new bands during the lull:
Brad Booker, after spending time in the groups Gravity Kills and Apartment 26, currently writes solo music and has racked up credits as producer, mixer, and co-writer with acts such as Piper and Bloom, J. Relic, Mic Averich, and Apryl Lauren.  They are also involved in the cover band, Wyld Stallyns. In addition, they have played drums on Chloe Day's Trip-Hop hit "Kingpin".  They are also currently a successful real estate agent in St. Louis.
Founding member and bassist Kevin Gagnepain was the bassist with Tobi Kai & the Strays. Currently, they play bass in the tongue-in-cheek cover band Joe Dirt and the Dirty Boys Band (using the stage moniker "Jethro Dirt") and also with their new St. Louis based band, Shooting With Annie. They have also joined an alt-country band called Whiskey Morning, who released their debut album in October 2016.
Thom Donovan founded the band Lapush, handling vocals and guitar. In 2004, the band signed to Carson Daly's co-owned label, FourFiveSix (Universal). Lapush appeared on Last Call with Carson Daly on NBC (Dec. 2, 2005). Their debut album, Someplace Closer To Here, was released on June 5, 2005. The album went to #15 on the Alternative/Specialty Chart and featured the singles, "Quit You Now" and "Aurora". "Aurora" was also featured in the television show Moonlight on CBS. The band released their second album, Modern Blues, in 2007. Songs from this release have appeared in several television shows on MTV, including The Hills, and College Life.
Thom lives in Nashville and has a recurring role as a musician on Nashville on ABC. Their third studio album, Canon, was released on June 17, 2014 and features a collaboration with Wyclef Jean and Ruby Amanfu. The album was mixed by Grammy winning engineer, Vance Powell (Jack White, The White Stripes). Their music continues to appear in major TV shows, including The Good Wife on CBS and Body of Proof on ABC. Thom and Ruby appeared live in New Orleans at the Voodoo Music + Arts Festival with Nine-Inch Nails, Pearl Jam, and The Cure. Currently, Thom is touring with Will Hoge as their lead guitar player. They were also involved in the recording of Hoge's 2017 album, Anchors.
Thom writes for Kobalt Music Group.
John Pessoni is still active in the St. Louis music scene as part of Joe Dirt and the Dirty Boys Band (using the stage moniker "Johnny Dirt"), as well as The Urge.
The original members of STIR started a "side gig" as El Monstero y Los Masked Avengers back in the early 2000s, where they would play a Pink Floyd cover show in between album/tour cycles in order to stay sharp and earn some cash. Over the years, the concerts became an annual ritual, and grew in both size, scope, and production. Today, El Monstero has grown to be a very well regarded Pink Floyd tribute band and typically plays 10-15 shows per year throughout the Midwest, including an annual "residency" of shows during the Christmas season in St. Louis. While the original members of STIR started the band, Kevin is the only one still an active member of El Monstero.
Andy Schmidt is still residing in the Los Angeles, California area, working for Roland Sands Designs. They occasionally perform solo acoustic shows.
2016 reunion
St. Louis radio station 105.7 The Point announced on April 19, 2016 that Stir would be part of the lineup for its Wayback Pointfest on July 9, 2016 at the Hollywood Casino Amphitheater.
The original members, Andy, Brad, and Kevin, along with supporting musicians, rocked through a ten-song setlist, including "Lady Bug", "One Angel", "Holy Dogs" and "Hold On". They also belted out a cover of the Led Zeppelin hit "Kashmir."
Due to the overwhelming response to the festival appearance, it was announced the following week that Stir had been tapped to be the inaugural concert on September 30 at Delmar Hall, a new 750 capacity venues next to The Pageant in the Delmar Loop area of St. Louis. Tickets for the show went on sale on July 15, and within hours, the concert sold out. The band delivered an over 2 hour set for the show, covering the expanse of their career (including a number of songs from their unreleased third album). Their setlist included covers of U2's ""Where The Streets Have No Name" and Simple Minds' "Don't You (Forget About Me)". Andy Schmidt and their brother, Justin, also performed a brand-new song called "Steve's Song (Free From It All)" which Andy wrote as a tribute to their father, who had died in December 2015.
In the weeks leading up the September 30 concert, it was announced that due to the quick sellout of Delmar Hall, an "Encore" concert was scheduled for December 2 at The Pageant.
The band would not deny the possibility of more of these "pop-up" or annual concerts in the future, and indicated that they'd be up for them if they were continually welcomed. Outside of that, the future of the band was up in the air.
2018 concerts
After taking 2017 off, the band announced on Facebook that they would be opening for Daughtry at the 2018 O'Fallon Heritage and Freedom Festival on the 4th of July in O'Fallon, MO, along with Portrait: The Music of Kansas and the School of Rock Ballwin House Band. Two of the members of Portrait, James Comparato and Mike Gregory, are longtime friends of Andy Schmidt and the original STIR lineup and have a storied history of sharing stages together with their band Almost Joshua, both with The Choice and Stir.
Later that summer, it was announced that Stir would perform at the Aware Records 25th Anniversary Concert at House Of Blues in Chicago on November 9. Other performers included Matt Scannell of Vertical Horizon, Alice Peacock, Brian Vander Ark of The Verve Pipe, Jackopierce, and a special performance by Isaac Slade of The Fray. The sold out concert was a hit with critics, and praise was specifically placed on Stir's rousing acoustic set.
Discography
Albums
Fall, 1993, Forty Lashes Music (independent release as four-piece band "The Choice")
...Until Now, 1995, Stir Music (independent release as three-piece band "Stir")
STIR, 1996, Aware Records, re-released on Capitol Records
Holy Dogs, 2000, Capitol Records
Untitled, Unmastered, and Unemployed, 2003, (unreleased)
Charting singles
Trivia
Andy Schmidt penned a song with John Mayer that was set to be used on Stir's unreleased album. A rough demo was reportedly cut, with Mayer on backing vocals and guitar, but the song never materialized past that point and was not included in the studio sessions for the album.
Andy was a busboy and host at Bonanaza Steakhouse as a high school student.
Andy and Kevin are hockey fans, followers of the St. Louis Blues in particular.
Before STIR was signed, Andy used to teach private guitar lessons around the St. Louis area.
The original members met in high school in St. Charles, MO. Not until college did they from the early beginnings of STIR.
In 2000, STIR contributed a live version of their song "Climbing The Walls" to the charity album Live in the X Lounge III.
Stir has toured nationally and internationally with many bands, including Creed, Collective Soul, Seven Mary Three, Semisonic, The Samples, 3 Doors Down, Tonic, and Train.
References
External links
Official website
Musical groups from St. Louis
Musical groups established in 1994
Musical groups disestablished in 2005
Musical groups reestablished in 2016
The Big Smoke (1959) is a novel by Australian writer D'Arcy Niland.
Plot summary
Set in Sydney in the early part of the twentieth century, the novel is a series of stories told from the perspective of people associated with the son of an indigenous boxer, Chiddy Hay.
Critical reception
On its original publication in the USA Kirkus Review found: "The conglomerate that makes up a big city, from aboriginal to white, evil to good, and youth to age, has a sense of panorama, always colored by the Big Smoke, which is seen and recorded with observant detail."
See also
1959 in Australian literature
References
1959 Australian novels
Angus & Robertson books
Novels set in Sydney
Fasnacloich is a historic country estate in Harrisville, New Hampshire. Built in 1911 and expanded in 1916–17, the estate is one of the most sophisticated and elaborate summer estates built in the Harrisville-Dublin area during its heyday as a summer resort area. The estate is located off MacVeagh Road, south of its junction with Mason Road. Its builders were Charles MacVeagh and Fanny Davenport Rogers MacVeagh.  They are notable for being United States Ambassador to Japan, and they were the parents of diplomat Lincoln MacVeagh. The estate was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Description
The MacVeaghs became interested in the Harrisville-Dublin area after visiting their uncle Franklin's estate of Knollwood. With an interest in their Scottish heritage, the MacVeaghs named their estate after a place associated with Mrs. MacVeagh's family, and built a recreation of a medieval country estate on a hillside with views of Mount Monadnock. The design inspiration of the main house is said to be Kelmscott Manor in England, the Scottish Fasnacloich having burned in the 19th century. It is a two-story masonry construction, with clusters of chimneys typical of Jacobean houses, and a slate roof. The window frames and wooden trim of the house were made of wood cut on the property. The house is in an asymmetrical U shape, with the base of the U long, and arms of (south) and (north).
The house is approached by a long drive that ends in a circular are in front of the eastern facade, which has two entries sheltered by porches. The interior of the main wing includes an entry hall, three bedrooms, and a grand hall on the ground floor, whose walls are finished in half-timbering filled with stucco. The south wing houses a library and another large room, the two story "Terrace Room", which measures by , and was used as a performance space. It is three fireplaces and three monumentally large windows made of small leaded panes; these windows stand under steeply pitched gables. The south wing is connected to the north wing via a cloister-like walkway along the west side of the main wing.
The north wing houses the kitchen, servant work areas, a large dining room, and smoking room on the first floor. There is an Episcopal chapel on the second floor. To the north of this wing is the 1916-17 addition, with a greatly expanded library. Bookcases line the walls, separated by paired Tuscan columns in this room, which measures .
The most prominent feature of the estate's landscaping is the four-level terrace that extends down the hill from the south wing. The top level has a fieldstone retaining wall topped by a balustrade with Jacobean balusters. The garden descends to the fourth level, where there is an octagonal pool at whose center is fountain imported from Italy.
History
Plans for the house were drafted by A. S. Bell, although credit for most of its design and decoration go to Fanny MacVeagh. The MacVeaghs are known to have had as guests a wide variety of acquaintances from political, social, artistic, and literary circles.
See also
Adams Farm (Harrisville, New Hampshire), a nearby MacVeagh property
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
References
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in New Hampshire
Houses completed in 1911
Houses in Harrisville, New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places in Cheshire County, New Hampshire
W. T. Cash (1878–1951) was an educator, author, Florida State Representative, Florida State Senator, and Florida's first state librarian.  They are listed as a Great Floridian. A collection of their papers are held at the Florida State Archives. Some of their papers are also collected at Florida State University.
Early life and education
Cash was born in Lamont, Florida in Jefferson County, Florida on July 23, 1878. Benjamin Franklin Cash and Susan Mixon Cash were their parents. Their father died when Cash was thirteen. Their mother remarried to John Henry Mathis in 1886, having three more children. Cash worked as a farmworker while they were a teenager to support themselves since they did not live with their mother. They were taught in a Taylor County public school by Cary A. Hardee, who influenced them to become a teacher. When they were nineteen years old, they became certified to be a teacher.
Career
Cash was a teacher and later became President of the Taylor County Teacher's Association. In 1917, they taught Florida History and civic courses during summer school at the Florida State College for Women in Tallahassee.
Cash was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 1909, 1915, and 1917. They were elected to the Florida Senate in 1918 and served two years of their term before departing to become Superintendent of Public Instruction for Taylor County. They helped pass legislation that created the Florida State Library and served as the first Florida State Librarian beginning in 1927. They remained the state librarian until retiring shortly before their death.
Cash worked during the Great Depression and World War II, was an advocate for social spending, and was involved in the New Deal Rare Books Project. They died in Tallahassee, Florida on July 8, 1951.
Bibliography
"History of the Democratic Party in Florida: Including Biographical Sketches of Prominent Florida Democrats" (1936)
"Political Parties of Florida" (1938)
"The Story of Florida" (1938)
"Florida Becomes a State" by W. T. Cash and Dorothy Dodd. (1945)
"Events in the History of St. Marks" (1946)
References
American librarians
People from Jefferson County, Florida
1878 births
1951 deaths
Florida state senators
Members of the Florida House of Representatives
Historians of Florida
The 2018 Guzzini Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on hard courts. It was the sixteenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2018 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Recanati, Italy between 2 and 8 July 2018.
Singles main-draw entrants
Seeds
1 Rankings are as of 25 June 2018.
Other entrants
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
Raúl Brancaccio
Enrico Dalla Valle
Giacomo Miccini
Andrea Vavassori
The following player received entry into the singles main draw using a protected ranking:
Daniel Brands
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Andrés Artuñedo
Marcelo Tomás Barrios Vera
Andrea Basso
Aldin Šetkić
Champions
Singles
Daniel Brands def. Adrián Menéndez Maceiras 7–5, 6–3.
Doubles
Gong Maoxin / Zhang Ze def. Gonzalo Escobar / Fernando Romboli 2–6, 7–6(7–5), [10–8].
External links
Official Website
2018 ATP Challenger Tour
2018
2018 in Italian tennis
John Pomara is an American abstract artist.
Life
Pomara was born in Dallas in 1952 and received a MFA and a BFA from East Texas State University; they also attended the Empire State Studio Arts Program, New York.
Work
Entropy and mechanical failure are prevalent themes within their work; in their endeavors to visually represent these errors they utilize printers, copy machines and the Internet. Even the medium upon which they work is evocative of their underlying message, the industrial surfaces of the aluminum panels complementing and enhancing their artistic vision. Pomara's work is oftentimes inspired by the paint drips and spills that landed on the newspaper covering their studio floor.
They teach at University of Texas, Dallas.
Permanent collections
Blanton Museum of Art, Austin, TX
Museum of Art, Dallas, TX
Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, TX
American Airlines, Dallas, TX
The Barrett Collection, Dallas, TX
Neiman Marcus, Dallas, TX
Tyler Museum of Art, Tyler, TX
References
External links
Horton Gallery Website
Review: Arrival and Departure
Best of Dallas: Artist
Review: John Pomara
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
1952 births
American abstract artists
Artists from Texas
Living people
20th-century American male artists
A collimator is a device which narrows a beam of particles or waves. To narrow can mean either to cause the directions of motion to become more aligned in a specific direction (i.e., make collimated light or parallel rays), or to cause the spatial cross-section of the beam to become smaller (beam limiting device).
History
An English physicist Henry Kater was the inventor of the floating collimator, which rendered a great service to practical astronomy. They reported about their invention in January 1825. In their report, Kater mentioned previous work in this area by Carl Friedrich Gauss and Friedrich Bessel.
Optical collimators
In optics, a collimator may consist of a curved mirror or lens with some type of light source and/or an image at its focus. This can be used to replicate a target focused at infinity with little or no parallax.
In lighting, collimators are typically designed using the principles of nonimaging optics.
Optical collimators can be used to calibrate other optical devices, to check if all elements are aligned on the optical axis, to set elements at proper focus, or to align two or more devices such as binoculars or gun barrels and gunsights. A surveying camera may be collimated by setting its fiduciary markers so that they define the principal point, as in photogrammetry.
Optical collimators are also used as gun sights in the collimator sight, which is a simple optical collimator with a cross hair or some other reticle at its focus. The viewer only sees an image of the reticle. They have to use it either with both eyes open and one eye looking into the collimator sight, with one eye open and moving the head to alternately see the sight and the target, or with one eye to partially see the sight and target at the same time. Adding a beam splitter allows the viewer to see the reticle and the field of view, making a reflector sight.
Collimators may be used with laser diodes and CO2 cutting lasers. Proper collimation of a laser source with long enough coherence length can be verified with a shearing interferometer.
X-ray, gamma ray, and neutron collimators
In X-ray optics, gamma ray optics, and neutron optics, a collimator is a device that filters a stream of rays so that only those traveling parallel to a specified direction are allowed through. Collimators are used for X-ray, gamma-ray, and neutron imaging because it is difficult to focus these types of radiation into an image using lenses, as it is routine with electromagnetic radiation at optical or near-optical wavelengths. Collimators are also used in radiation detectors in nuclear power stations to make them directionally sensitive.
Applications
The figure to the right illustrates how a Söller collimator is used in neutron and X-ray machines. The upper panel shows a situation where a collimator is not used, while the lower panel introduces a collimator. In both panels the source of radiation is to the right, and the image is recorded on the gray plate at the left of the panels.
Without a collimator, rays from all directions will be recorded; for example, a ray that has passed through the top of the specimen (to the right of the diagram) but happens to be travelling in a downwards direction may be recorded at the bottom of the plate. The resultant image will be so blurred and indistinct as to be useless.
In the lower panel of the figure, a collimator has been added (blue bars). This may be a sheet of lead or other material opaque to the incoming radiation with many tiny holes bored through it or in the case of neutrons it can be a sandwich arrangement (which can be up to several feet long - see ENGIN-X) with many layers alternating between neutron absorbing material (e.g. gadolinium) with neutron transmitting material. This can be something simple e.g. air. or if mechanical strength is needed then aluminium may be used. If this forms part of a rotating assembly, the sandwich may be curved. This allows energy selection in addition to collimation - the curvature of the collimator and its rotation will present a straight path only to one energy of neutrons. Only rays that are travelling nearly parallel to the holes will pass through them—any others will be absorbed by hitting the plate surface or the side of a hole. This ensures that rays are recorded in their proper place on the plate, producing a clear image.
For industrial radiography using gamma radiation sources such as iridium-192 or cobalt-60, a collimator (beam limiting device) allows the radiographer to control the exposure of radiation to expose a film and create a radiograph, to inspect materials for defects. A collimator in this instance is most commonly made of tungsten, and is rated according to how many half value layers it contains, i.e., how many times it reduces undesirable radiation by half. For instance, the thinnest walls on the sides of a 4 HVL tungsten collimator thick will reduce the intensity of radiation passing through them by 88.5%. The shape of these collimators allows emitted radiation to travel freely toward the specimen and the x-ray film, while blocking most of the radiation that is emitted in undesirable directions such as toward workers.
Limitations
Although collimators improve resolution, they also reduce intensity by blocking incoming radiation, which is undesirable for remote sensing instruments that require high sensitivity. For this reason, the gamma ray spectrometer on the Mars Odyssey is a non-collimated instrument. Most lead collimators let less than 1% of incident photons through. Attempts have been made to replace collimators with electronic analysis.
In radiation therapy
Collimators (beam limiting devices) are used in linear accelerators used for radiotherapy treatments. They help to shape the beam of radiation emerging from the machine and can limit the maximum field size of a beam.
The treatment head of a linear accelerator consists of both a primary and secondary collimator. The primary collimator is positioned after the electron beam has reached a vertical orientation. When using photons, it is placed after the beam has passed through the X-ray target. The secondary collimator is positioned after either a flattening filter (for photon therapy) or a scattering foil (for electron therapy). The secondary collimator consists of two jaws which can be moved to either enlarge or minimize the size of the treatment field.
New systems involving multileaf collimators (MLCs) are used to further shape a beam to localise treatment fields in radiotherapy. MLCs consist of approximately 50–120 leaves of heavy, metal collimator plates which slide into place to form the desired field shape.
Computing the Spatial resolution
To find the Spatial resolution of a parallel hole collimator with a hole length, , a hole diameter and a distance to the imaged object , the following formula can be used
where the effective length is defined as
Where is the linear attenuation coefficient of the material from which the collimator is made.
See also
Autocollimation
Autocollimator
Collimated light
Nonimaging optics
Snoot in lighting
References
Accelerator physics
Neutron instrumentation
Optical devices
Radiology
Synchrotron instrumentation
X-ray instrumentation
The Varvara reservoir () is a reservoir near Mingachevir, Azerbaijan.
Overview
Varvara reservoir is located south from Mingachevir reservoir. It was built in 1952 to manage the water flow of
the daily outflow of water from Mingachevir reservoir discharging into Kura river, in order to produce electricity. The overall area is and the reservoir volume is . The depth of water in the reservoir is and the surface area is . The length of the reservoir is and its width is . The shoreline length is .
Hydroelectric power station
A 16,500 kilowatt hydroelectric power station with 3 turbines is a part of the reservoir complex.
See also
Rivers and lakes in Azerbaijan
References
Reservoirs in Azerbaijan
Reservoirs built in the Soviet Union
Yevlakh District
The North Carolina Education Lottery 200 at The Rock Presented by Cheerwine was a NASCAR Camping World Truck Series race held at the Rockingham Speedway in Rockingham, North Carolina. The race consisted of 200 laps, 203.4 miles (320 km). The inaugural race was run on April 15, 2012, and was won by Kasey Kahne.
History
On September 2, 2011, NASCAR announced that Rockingham Speedway would hold a Camping World Truck Series event for the 2012 season. During the inaugural race, Nelson Piquet Jr. started on the pole position and Kasey Kahne won the race.
In 2013, the race went for 205 laps instead of 200 laps because of green-white-checkered rules. The rookie Kyle Larson won their first truck series win in their first year but the race became notable because of controversy. Truck series veteran Ron Hornaday Jr. got contact with Kyle Busch Motorsports driver; the rookie Darrell Wallace Jr. In a similar fashion to an incident with Kyle Busch at Texas two years prior in the WinStar World Casino 350K. Hornaday tapped Wallace sending them into the fences. Ron Hornaday took responsibility and apologized but claimed that they did not intend to wreck Wallace; NASCAR, the media and fans felt differently when they saw a video that showed Hornaday frowning towards Wallace's truck before the tap. NASCAR black-flagged Hornaday and sent them to the back of the field on the restart, later fined them $25,000 and put them on probation until June 12. The penalties were also controversial because the fans, drivers, and medias wanted Hornaday's penalties harsher since Kyle Busch was parked after the Texas incident.
In 2014, the Truck Series did not return to the track due to financial struggles.
Past winners
2013: Race extended due to a green–white–checker finish.
Multiple winners (teams)
Manufacturer wins
References
External links
2012 establishments in North Carolina
2013 disestablishments in North Carolina
Former NASCAR races
NASCAR Truck Series races
Recurring sporting events established in 2012
Recurring sporting events disestablished in 2013
1 Bligh Street is a skyscraper in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
The modern style office building is located in the Sydney central business district overlooking Circular Quay, the Sydney Harbour and the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
Design
The premium grade office tower was designed by Ingenhoven Architects of Germany and Architectus of Australia.
It is an ecologically sustainable development and was awarded six-star green status by the Green Building Council of Australia. Green features include a basement sewage plant that recycles 90 percent of the building waste water, solar panels on the roof and air conditioning by chilled beams. It is Australia's first major high-rise building with a full double-skin façade with external louvres. These conserve energy, eliminate sky glare and optimise user comfort. The angle of the louvre blades is automatically adjusted according to their orientation to the sun. A naturally ventilated, full height atrium, on the southern side of the building, maximises natural light to each office level.
The building also houses a childcare centre, two cafés and a basement car park for 96 cars.
The large-scale aluminium sculpture at the top of the curving steps at the entrance on the corner of Bligh and O'Connell streets is by New York-based Australian James Angus. The developers describe it as "a complex network of three-dimensional ellipsoidal surfaces drawn from shapes expressed in the design of the building", adding that its brightly painted colour scheme traces the underlying geometry of the sculpture.
The building was named the Best Tall Building Award in Asia & Australasia for 2012 in the Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat's Skyscraper Awards and also won the International Highrise Award 2012.
Major tenants
Bloomberg L.P.
Clayton Utz
Office of the Prime Minister of Australia
Commonwealth Parliament Offices
Oil Search
Preqin
Vault Systems
See also
Buildings and architecture of Sydney
List of the tallest buildings in Sydney
References
External links
1 Bligh official website
1 Bligh Street at Cbus Property website
1 Bligh Street at Architectus website
1 Bligh Street at enstuct website
1 Bligh Street at Arup website
Office buildings completed in 2011
Skyscrapers in Sydney
Office buildings in Sydney
2011 establishments in Australia
Skyscraper office buildings in Australia
Sydney central business district
Henry Belasyse, 2nd Earl Fauconberg (13 April 1742 – 23 March 1802) was a British politician and peer.
Family
Fauconberg was the son of Thomas Belasyse, 1st Earl Fauconberg and Catherine Betham.
Career
They served as the Member of Parliament for Peterborough between 1768 and 1774, sitting for the Whig party. Following their succession to their father's title in 1774, Fauconberg assumed their seat in the House of Lords. They were a Lord of the Bedchamber from 1777 until their death in 1802, and was Custos Rotulorum and Lord Lieutenant of the North Riding of Yorkshire over the same period. In 1779 they raised a Yorkshire regiment of fencible infantry, 'Lord Fauconberg's Regiment' or 'Fauconberg's Fencibles' of which they were colonel. They were disbanded in 1783.
Marriages and issue
On 29 May 1766, they married the Hon. Charlotte Lamb, the daughter of Sir Matthew Lamb, 1st Baronet and sister of Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne. Together they had four daughters:
Lady Anne Belasyse (1760–1808), married Sir George Wombwell, 2nd Baronet in 1791 and had issue.
Lady Charlotte Belasyse (1767–1825), married Thomas Edward Belasyse-Wynn. No issue.
Lady Elizabeth Belasyse (1770–1819), married firstly Bernard Howard, 12th Duke of Norfolk in 1789 and had issue. Married secondly Richard Bingham, 2nd Earl of Lucan in 1794 and had issue.
Lady Harriet Belasyse (1776– died young).
On 5 January 1791 they married Jane Cheshyre, daughter of John Cheshyre, Esq., of Bennington co. Hertford. They died 4 April 1820 and they had no children.
As Fauconberg had no sons, their earldom became extinct upon their death. They were succeeded by their cousin, Rowland Belasyse, in their viscountcy and barony. Through their wife they were the uncle of the Whig Prime Minister William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne.
References
1742 births
1802 deaths
Earls in the Peerage of Great Britain
Members of the Privy Council of Great Britain
Whig (British political party) MPs
Lord-Lieutenants of the North Riding of Yorkshire
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
British MPs 1768–1774
Viscounts Fauconberg
Walter Bennett may refer to:
Walter Bennett (footballer, born 1874) (1874–1908), English international footballer (Sheffield United)
Walter Bennett (footballer, born 1918) (1918–2009), English footballer (Barnsley, Doncaster Rovers)
Walter Bennett (footballer, born 1997), Aruban footballer
Walter Bennett (rugby union) (1906–1979), Australian rugby union player
Walter Bennett (politician) (1864–1934), Australian politician
Anne Sewitsky (born 12 January 1978) is a Norwegian film director. Them 2010 film Happy, Happy was selected as the Norwegian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist. And then in 2015 their film Homesick was one of three films shortlisted by Norway to be their submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards, but it lost out to The Wave.
They also directed the Black Mirror episode "Rachel, Jack and Ashley Too"; then "Ties That Bind" and "The Laughing Place" episode of the TV series Castle Rock - all in 2019.
Filmography
Himmelblå (2008), four episodes
Happy, Happy (2010)
Totally True Love (2011)
Homesick (2015)
2018 Anne Sewitsky film Sonja – The White Swan
"Rachel, Jack and Ashley Too" (2019), episode of the TV series Black Mirror
"Ties That Bind" (2019) and "The Laughing Place" (2019), episode of the TV series Castle Rock.
"Port Funchon, LA" (2020), episode of the TV series Monsterland.
A Very British Scandal' (2021) BBC historical drama television miniseries
References
External links
Living people
1978 births
Norwegian film directors
Norwegian women film directors
Diodorus Cronus (; died c. 284 BC) was a Greek philosopher and dialectician connected to the Megarian school. They were most notable for logic innovations, including their master argument formulated in response to Aristotle's discussion of future contingents.
Life
Diodorus was the son of Ameinias of Iasus in Caria. They lived in the court of Alexandria in the reign of Ptolemy I Soter, who is said to have given them the surname of Cronus ("old fogey") on account of their inability to solve at once some dialectic problem proposed by Stilpo, when the two philosophers were dining with the king. Diodorus is said to have taken that disgrace so much to heart that after their return from the meal, and writing a treatise on the problem, they died in despair. However, according to Strabo, Diodorus themselves adopted the surname of Cronus from their teacher, Apollonius Cronus. Diodorus is thought to have died around 284 BC; their date of birth is unknown. It was once thought that they were old enough to have influenced Aristotle (384–322 BC), but there is no strong evidence for this.
Diodorus was particularly celebrated for their great dialectic skill, for which they were called The Dialectician. This effectively became their surname, and descended even to their five daughters, Menexene, Argia, Theognis, Artemesia, and Pantaclea, who were likewise distinguished as dialecticians. Their pupils included Philo the Dialectician, and Zeno of Citium—the founder of the Stoic school. Although influenced by the Megarian school it is not clear how closely Diodorus and their fellow dialecticians were connected to that particular philosophical school.
Philosophy
On the doctrines of Diodorus we possess only fragmentary information, and not even the titles of their works are known. They seem to have fully developed the dialectic art of the Megarian school. They were much occupied with the theory of proof and of hypothetical propositions. In the same manner as they rejected in logic the divisibility of the fundamental notion, they also maintained, in their physical doctrines, that space was indivisible, and consequently that motion was impossible. They further denied the coming into existence and all multiplicity both in time and in space; but they considered the things that fill up space as one whole composed of an infinite number of indivisible particles.
Diodorus made use of the Sorites paradox, and is said to have invented two others of the same kind, viz. The Masked Man and The Horns, which are, however, also ascribed to Eubulides. They also rejected the view that words are ambiguous, any uncertainty in understanding was always due to speakers expressing themselves obscurely.
Master argument
Aristotle, in their work On Interpretation, had wrestled with the problem of future contingents. In particular whether one can meaningfully regard future contingents as true or false now, if the future is open, and if so, how?
In response, Diodorus maintained that possible was identical with necessary (e.g., not contingent); so that the future is as certain and defined as the past. Alexander of Aphrodisias tells us that Diodorus believed that that alone is possible which either is happening now, or will happen at some future time. When speaking about facts of an unrecorded past, we know well that a given fact either occurred or did not occur, yet without knowing which of the two is true—and therefore we affirm only that the fact may have occurred: so also about the future, either the assertion that a given fact will at some times occur, is positively true, or the assertion that it will never occur, is positively true: the assertion that it may or may not occur some time or other, represents only our ignorance, which of the two is true. That which will never at any time occur, is impossible.
Diodorus went on to formulate an argument that became known as the master argument (or ruling argument: ho kurieuôn logos [ὁ κυριεύων λόγος]). The most succinct description of it is provided by Epictetus:
The argument called the master argument appears to have been proposed from such principles as these: there is in fact a common contradiction between one another in these three propositions, each two being in contradiction to the third. The propositions are: (1) every past truth must be necessary; (2) that an impossibility does not follow a possibility; (3) something is possible which neither is nor will be true. Diodorus observing this contradiction employed the probative force of the first two for the demonstration of this proposition: That nothing is possible which is not true and never will be.
Epictetus' description of the master argument is not in the form as it would have been presented by Diodorus, which makes it difficult to know the precise nature of their argument. To modern logicians, it is not obvious why these three premises are inconsistent, or why the first two should lead to the rejection of the third. Modern interpretations therefore assume that there must have been extra premises in the argument tacitly assumed by Diodorus and their contemporaries.
One possible reconstruction is as follows: For Diodorus, if a future event is not going to happen, then it was true in the past that it would not happen. Since every past truth is necessary (proposition 1), it was necessary that in the past it would not happen. Since the impossible cannot follow from the possible (proposition 2), it must have always been impossible for the event to occur. Therefore if something will not be true, it will never be possible for it to be true, and thus proposition 3 is shown to be false.
Epictetus goes on to point out that Panthoides, Cleanthes, and Antipater of Tarsus made use of the second and third proposition to demonstrate that the first proposition was false. Chrysippus, on the other hand, agreed with Diodorus that everything true as an event in the past is necessary, but attacked Diodorus' view that the possible must be either what is true or what will be true. They thus made use of the first and third proposition to demonstrate that the second proposition was false.
Notes
References
Further reading
Gaskin, Richard, The Sea-Battle and the Master Argument. Aristotle and Diodorus Cronus on the Metaphysics of the Future. Berlin, Walter de Gruyter, 1995.
Sedley, David. Diodorus Cronus and Hellenistic Philosophy. Proceedings of the Cambridge Philological Society 203, N.S. 23 (1977), P. 74-120.
Vuillemin, Jules. Nécessité ou contingence. L'aporie de Diodore et les systèmes philosophiques. Paris 1984. (English translation: Necessity or Contingency. The Master Argument, Stanford: CSLI Publications, 1996. , paperback ).
External links
with a bibliography on the Master Argument
4th-century BC Greek people
4th-century BC philosophers
Ancient Greek logicians
Megarian philosophers
Viviane de Muynck (born 1946) is a Belgian actor. They appeared in more than sixty films since 1982.
Selected filmography
References
External links
1946 births
Living people
Belgian film actores
People from Mortsel
The strong-billed woodcreeper (Xiphocolaptes promeropirhynchus) is a species of bird in the Dendrocolaptinae subfamily. It is one of the largest woodcreepers and the largest furnariids, though the slender long-billed woodcreeper is longer and the great rufous woodcreeper is larger overall. There is some size variation across the range, with typical birds measuring 28–31 cm (11-12.5 in) long and weighing about 120 grams (4.2 oz). Large strong-billed woodcreepers can measure up to 35 cm (14 in) and weigh 169 grams (6 oz). The most distinctive feature of this typically marked striped, brownish bird (other than its size) is its massive, semi-decurved bill, which may be brown or blackish.
The strong-billed woodcreeper is found in Belize, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests and subtropical or tropical moist montane forests. It may be found singly or in pairs, often forging at low levels near the ground and working its way up in trees and accompanying mixed feeding flocks. They are sometimes known to follow antswarms and are usually dominate over other smaller birds also doing this. The strong-billed woodcreeper is listed as Least Concern by the IUCN, with an estimated population between 50,000 and 499,999 mature individuals.
Even among strong-billed woodcreepers in the neotropics, considerable diversity in vocalization has been reported, especially between subgroups separated by the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, a known biogeographical barrier for avifauna along with other organisms. This divide is apparent among X. p. sclateri (located to the north/west of the Isthmus) and X. p. emigrans (located to the south/east of the Isthmus), which also seem to exhibit differences in plumage.
References
The Birds of Ecuador. Robert S. Ridgely & Paul J. Greenfield. Cornell University Press. .
External links
strong-billed woodcreeper
Birds of Central America
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Venezuela
Birds of Ecuador
Birds of the Guianas
Birds of the Amazon Basin
strong-billed woodcreeper
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Benjamin Thomas Mee (born 21 September 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Premier League club Brentford.
Starting their career with Manchester City, Mee only played one League Cup match before being loaned out to Leicester City and Burnley, joining the latter on a permanent basis in January 2012. They have made over 300 appearances for them since then. They have also featured for the England youth teams from under-19 to under-21 level.
Club career
Manchester City
Mee was born in Sale, Greater Manchester. They came through Manchester City's academy and signed their first professional contract with the club in September 2007. They captained the City team that won the 2007–08 FA Youth Cup. In February 2009, they signed a new two-year contract that would keep them at City until June 2011.
Mee was given their first real test of first-team experience when they were taken on City's US tour in the summer of 2010, with club manager Roberto Mancini expressing that they wanted to blood their youth players and have a chance to see what they could do at a higher level than reserve fixtures. Mee made up two appearances, against the Portland Timbers and New York Red Bulls.
After being given number 41 shirt, Mee followed up their tour appearances with a starting line-up appearance in the League Cup against West Bromwich Albion on 22 September 2010 in a 2–1 away loss. Alongside Mee making their debut, Javan Vidal and John Guidetti were given their first competitive appearances for the club in a match where three of the four players in the defensive line were young Elite Development Squad players and a full six of the starting line-up were aged 21 or younger and had come through the club's academy system.
On 1 January 2011, Mee joined Championship club Leicester City side on loan for the rest of the 2010–11 season. After signing for the club, Mee would join their Manchester City's teammate Greg Cunningham at Leicester City. After two weeks yet playing them, Mee finally made their debut for Leicester City in a 4–2 win over Millwall. On 12 March 2011, Mee provided their first professional assist for Miguel Vítor to score their first goal in the match against Scunthorpe United which they scored twice later in the match which Leicester City won 3–0. On 25 April 2011, Mee provided their second assist for Jeffrey Bruma to score against Watford in a 4–2 win. After the end of 2010–11 season, Mee returned to Manchester City after six months at Leicester.
Burnley
On 14 July 2011, Mee joined Burnley on a season-long loan. They said that their good performance at Burnley could earn them a chance back at parent club Manchester City next year. On 6 August, they made their league debut in a 2–2 draw against Watford and played the full 90 minutes. On 29 November, they earned their first clean sheet for Burnley in a 4–0 win over Ipswich Town.
On 10 January 2012, Burnley boss Eddie Howe expressed interest in signing Mee on a permanent basis with Manchester City sanctioning a sale just days after signing former Manchester City teammate Kieran Trippier who was also on loan at the club. Mee joined on a permanent three-and-a-half-year deal on 17 January for an undisclosed fee. Their season ended after suffering a slight back fracture which they sustained during a 5–1 win over Portsmouth. In combination of their loan spell and permanent spell at Burnley, Mee finished their season with 31 appearances.
In the 2012–13 season, Mee started their season when they appeared sporadic at the start until they scored their first goal for the club, in a 2–2 draw against Millwall on 28 September 2012. However soon after, they suffered a knee injury during the Lancashire derby, which kept them out for several weeks. They made their return from injury, on 11 March 2013, as Burnley and Hull City drew 1–1. In the next match six days later, Mee was sent-off after a second bookable offence when Burnley and Blackburn drew 1–1. Soon after that, they continued to be sidelined with injuries, including missing out for the rest of the season.
In the 2013–14 season, Mee sustained a knee injury in a pre-season friendly and made a return, though they missed the first four matches, due to being on the bench. From late December to January, Mee had been absent twice in weeks. Despite the absence, Mee played a vital role as a left-back position, where they helped the club get promoted to Premier League and made 38 appearances.
In the 2014–15 season, Mee signed a three-year contract that would keep them until 2017. They made their first Premier League start of the season in the opening match as a left-back, as Burnley lost 3–1 to Chelsea. They went on to score the late equaliser for Burnley in the reverse fixture at Stamford Bridge against Chelsea to keep the final score 1–1, their goal being the second goal of the season Chelsea conceded from a corner kick.
On 8 August 2018, Mee signed a new three-year deal with Burnley to keep them until June 2021.
In June 2020, Mee earned praise for their response to a banner stating "White Lives Matter" that was flown overhead during a league match against Manchester City, condemning the action and speaking of their desire for equality in football and society. On 29 July 2020, Burnley triggered an option in Mee's contract to extend their stay at Turf Moor until 2022.
Mee, along with Paul Jenkins and Connor King, was appointed an assistant to Mike Jackson on 15 April 2022 after Sean Dyche was dismissed as manager. Burnley announced on June 10 that Mee would leave the club at the end of June when their contact expired.
Brentford
Mee signed for Premier League club Brentford on 22 July 2022 on a two-year contract. On their home debut, Mee scored their first Brentford goal in a 4–0 win over Manchester United on 13 August, helping the Bees secure their first league victory over United since 1937.
International career
At the international level, Mee has represented England at under-21 level, making their debut as a substitute in a friendly against Germany.
Career statistics
Honours
Manchester City
FA Youth Cup: 2007–08
Burnley
Football League Championship: 2015–16
References
External links
Profile at the Brentford F.C. website
1989 births
Living people
People from Sale, Greater Manchester
Footballers from Greater Manchester
English footballers
Association football defenders
Manchester City F.C. players
Leicester City F.C. players
Burnley F.C. players
Brentford F.C. players
English Football League players
Premier League players
England youth international footballers
England under-21 international footballers
The Christopher Carpenter House is a historic house at 60 Carpenter Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts. Built about 1800, it is a particularly fine local example of Federal period architecture. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Description and history
The Christopher Carpenter House is located in a rural area of central Rehoboth, on the north side of Carpenter Street, about halfway between its endpoints at Perryville Road and Danforth Street. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a side-gable roof, central chimney, and clapboarded exterior. It has a five-bay front facade, with a center entrance, whose fine surround includes pilasters supporting a pediment, and a delicately traced fanlight design. Interior features include molded finishes in the left front parlor, and bake ovens on both floors of the central chimney. A kitchen ell extends to the east, also with a chimney housing an oven.
This house was built about 1800, possibly by Deacon Thomas Carpenter (aka Thomas Carpenter III in local histories), who gave of land to their grandson Christopher in that year. There is evidence that the property has for a much longer period seen active use, and this house may incorporate elements of an older structure. The house remained in the Carpenter family until about 1871.
See also
Two other Carpenter family houses in Rehoboth:
Col. Thomas Carpenter III House
Carpenter House (Rehoboth, Massachusetts), nearby on Carpenter Street
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Rehoboth, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Out of the Blue is a 1947 American screwball comedy film based on the short story by Vera Caspary who also co-wrote the screenplay. It stars George Brent, Virginia Mayo, Turhan Bey, Ann Dvorak and Carole Landis. It was directed by Leigh Jason.
Plot
Arthur Earthleigh (George Brent) lives in an apartment in Greenwich Village where they are dominated by their wife Mae (Carole Landis) and annoyed by Rabelais, the German Shepherd owned by their neighbour, artist and swinging bachelor David (Turhan Bey). David has a constant parade of attractive women visiting their apartment to pose for him. They currently are being visited by Deborah (Virginia Mayo) who wants David's champion Rabelais to breed with their dog.
When their wife goes off to visit their sister, Arthur visits a bar where he's picked up by interior decorator Olive (Ann Dvorak) who comes home with him. Olive has a taste for brandy that they insist alleviates their heart condition but makes them tipsy. Arthur orders the reluctant Olive to leave, but Olive enters the guest room unbeknownst to Arthur. Waking up the next day Arthur discovers Olive has not only spent the night but redecorated the room. In attempting to get them to leave they knock Olive down to the floor where they think they have died.
The film has Olive's 'body' moved about by David who uses Arthur's fear of having killed Olive to blackmail them into changing their mind about having a court order ordering David to get rid of their dog. Meanwhile, a serial killer is stalking the Village with two elderly snoopers (Elizabeth Patterson and Julia Dean) believing Olive is their victim. Adding to Arthur's troubles is their wife returning.
Cast
George Brent as Arthur Earthleigh
Virginia Mayo as Deborah Tyler
Turhan Bey as David Gelleo
Ann Dvorak as Olive Jensen
Carole Landis as Mae Earthleigh
Elizabeth Patterson as Miss Spring
Julia Dean as Miss Ritchie
Richard Lane as Detective Noonan
Charles Smith as Elevator Boy (as Charlie Smith)
Paul Harvey as Holliston
Alton E. Horton as Detective Dombry
Hadda Brooks as Singer
Flame as Rabelais
Production
Mystery writer Vera Caspary's had a percentage deal with Eagle-Lion Films. They also wrote the screenplay for their Bedelia in England the previous year which was also produced by their future husband Isadore Goldsmith. Them original short story for Out of the Blue appeared in Today's Woman magazine in September 1947.
Hadda Brooks sings the title song in a nightclub.
References
External links
1947 films
American black-and-white films
American comedy films
Eagle-Lion Films films
Films set in New York City
1947 comedy films
Films directed by Leigh Jason
Films scored by Carmen Dragon
Films based on works by Vera Caspary
1940s English-language films
1940s American films
The Cinema of Manipur is the film industry based in Manipur, India. It includes not only Meitei language movies but all the films made in different languages of the different communities in Manipur. The Manipuri film industry was born when Matamgi Manipur was released on 9 April 1972. Before this, there were many attempts to make a film in the state, the most significant being Mainu Pemcha in 1948 which was left incomplete due to various problems.
The tradition of documentary film making in Manipur was said to have been pioneered by the late Maharaj Kumar Priya Brata Singh who shot "actuality movies" with their 8 mm camera in 1936.
Paokhum Ama, released in 1983, was the first Manipuri colour film (short feature). Langlen Thadoi (1984) was the first Manipuri full-length colour feature film. Lammei (2002) was the first Manipuri video film to have a commercial screening at a theatre.
As the production of video films gained momentum, the Manipuri film industry expanded and around 80 to 100 films were made each year, becoming the largest film industry in North East India by number of films produced per year. There has been a decline in the production of films in the recent years.
Notable feature films: 1972-2022
This section covers notable Manipuri feature films released between 9 April 1972 and 9 April 2022. Notable films, in this context, include those films which have participated or won awards in national and international film festivals, and the films which have made history (for example, first full-length film, first filmmaker, first colour film, the longest movie).
Notable non-feature films: 1972-2022
This section covers notable Manipuri non-feature films released between 9 April 1972 and 9 April 2022, with Maipak: Son of Manipur being the exception in the categorisation (released in 1971). Notable films, in this context, include those films which have participated in or won awards in national and international film festivals, and the films which have made history (for example, first full-length film, first filmmaker, first colour film, the longest movie).
Notable non-feature films: 2022-2072
This section covers notable Manipuri non-feature films released between 9 April 2022 and 9 April 2072.
See also
R. K. Bidur Singh
References
External links
Manipuri Film | Manipuri Movies | Manipuri Cinema | Manipuri Film Songs| Manipuri Movies Songs Mp3 | Manipur Video
Manipuri Cinema
Cinema by language of India
Prenter is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Harriet Dunlop Prenter, leader in the women's rights movement in Canada
Regin Prenter (1907–1990), Danish Lutheran priest and theologian
Robert Prenter (born 1965), California State Assemblyman
Tiantong Zongjue (; ), was a Chinese Zen Buddhist monk during the Song Dynasty. They were born in Hezhou, but left home to practice Buddhism at the age of sixteen. Their ordination took place two years later. Zuzhao Daohe of the Yunmen School was their first teacher. However, Daohe retired and was replaced by Zhenxie Qingliao of the Caodong/Sōtō School, who became the teacher that gave Zongjue dharma transmission. In 1132, Zongjue became the abbot of Yuelin Temple where they served for 23 years. After this period, their abbacy switched to Mt. Xuedou. They remained there for four years before becoming the abbot of Tiantong Monastery near the modern city of Ningbo in 1159. They were replacing the former abbot, the famous Hongzhi Zhengjue, who died there in 1157. It was from this final temple, where Zongjue died in 1162, that they took their name. Tiantong temple was the same monastery where Eihei Dogen studied under Tiantong Rujing before bringing the teaching back to Japan and founding the Sōtō School.
References
Chan Buddhist monks
1091 births
1162 deaths
Song dynasty Buddhist monks
Chinese Zen Buddhists
People from Hezhou
Surgiya (; Kaitag: Сургьей) is a rural locality (a selo) in Dzhirabachinsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 182 as of 2010. There are 2 streets.
Geography
Karatsan is located 17 km southwest of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Dzhirabachi and Daknisa are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Glen David VanHerck (born October 20, 1962) is a general in the United States Air Force, who serves as the commander of both United States Northern Command and the North American Aerospace Defense Command. They previously served as Director of the Joint Staff from August 2019 to August 2020. They assumed their current assignment on August 20, 2020.
VanHerck was born in Murray, Kentucky, and raised in Bismarck, Missouri. They graduated from the University of Missouri, where they were commissioned through the Air Force Reserve Officer Training Corps in 1987.
Awards and decorations
Effective dates of promotion
References
1962 births
Living people
University of Missouri alumni
United States Air Force generals
Recipients of the Defense Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Air Force Distinguished Service Medal
Recipients of the Defense Superior Service Medal
Recipients of the Legion of Merit
People from Murray, Kentucky
This is a list of mayors of Cologne. It includes the Lord Mayors of Cologne (Oberbürgermeister der Stadt Köln) since 1815 as well as the city managers (Oberstadtdirektoren) from 1946 to 1999.
Mayors since 1815
Lord Mayors of Cologne (1815–1945)
In Prussia
1815–1819: Karl Joseph Freiherr von Mylius
1819–1823: von Monschaw
1823–1848: Johann Adolf Steinberger
1848–1851: Friedrich Wilhelm Gräff
1851–1863: Hermann Joseph Stupp
1863–1871: Alexander Bachem
German Reich
Political party:
Lord Mayor of Cologne (1945–present)
Political party:
City managers 1946–1999
1946–1953: Dr. Willi Suth
1953–1965: Dr. Max Adenauer
1965–1977: Prof. Dr. Heinz Mohnen
1977–1989: Kurt Rossa
1989–1998: Lothar Ruschmeier
1998–1999: Klaus Heugel
See also
Timeline of Cologne
External links
Cologne
Mayors
Orchard Park, previously known as Premier Park and before that Arbury Park, is a district and civil parish of South Cambridgeshire, England, contiguous with the city of Cambridge. Previously agricultural land and the site of Premier Park a huge estate for Premier Travel who amongst other things was a main National Express operator with housing for its drivers. the area is currently an extensive housing estate with additional development continuing on adjacent land.
History
The area now called Orchard Park has been settled since at least the Bronze Age and remnants of the Iron Age ring fort, Arbury Camp, remain. The area was also occupied during the Roman occupation of Britain.
By the beginning of the 21st century the area was mostly used for agriculture before it was identified by local government for development. Building started in 2006 and was due to be completed around 2009, but had been suspended from September 2008 till June 2009 when building restarted. The development contains a number of newly built houses and flats — mixed social and private dwellings. It has been proposed that under current boundary change proposals Orchard Park should fall within Cambridge City Council's boundaries in the future.
Education
Orchard Park Community Primary School caters for 5–11 year olds.
Nearby Cambridge Regional College offers further education.
Transport
The area has bused and road connections to the centre of Cambridge as well as the A14 trunk road. Services on the Cambridgeshire Guided Busway began in August 2011 after a lengthy delay. The busway passes the edge of the development with two sheltered bus stops at East and West Orchard Park.
A path reducing the travelling distance for pedestrians and cyclists to Histon has been proposed, to reduce Orchard Park resident's dependency on motorised transport. The Ring Fort Path proposal would close the gap between the local hotel and school and the pedestrian crossing over the A14 to Histon.
The area is 2 miles from Cambridge North Station Cambridge North railway station and 3 miles from Cambridge Central Station.
Nearby communities
Arbury
Impington
Chesterton
References
External links
Orchard Park planning document at South Cambridgeshire District Council
Orchard Park Community website
Geography of Cambridge
Civil parishes in Cambridgeshire
Buildings and structures in Cambridgeshire
Buildings and structures under construction in the United Kingdom
Mamadou N'Diaye (born 28 May 1995) is a Senegalese professional footballer who plays as a defender for club Le Puy. In 2014, they made one appearance for the Senegal national team.
Honours
Le Puy
Championnat National 2: 2021–22
References
1995 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Thiès
Senegalese footballers
Senegal international footballers
Montpellier HSC players
US Avranches players
FC Villefranche Beaujolais players
Le Puy Foot 43 Auvergne players
Championnat National 3 players
Championnat National 2 players
Ligue 1 players
Championnat National players
Association football defenders
Senegalese expatriate footballers
Senegalese expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate footballers in France
William Augustus Reeder (August 28, 1849 – November 7, 1929) was a U.S. Representative from Kansas.
Born near Shippensburg, Pennsylvania, Reeder moved with their parents to Ipava, Illinois, in 1853, attended the public schools, and taught school in Illinois 1863-1871. Reeder moved to Beloit, Kansas, in 1871, and served as principal of the Beloit public schools from 1871-1879. Reeder then moved to Logan, Kansas, in 1880, and engaged in banking there. Reeder was interested in irrigation farming 1891-1901.
Reeder was elected as a Republican to the Fifty-sixth and to the five succeeding congresses (March 4, 1899 – March 3, 1911). serving as chairperson of the committee on mileage during the (Fifty-seventh, Fifty-eighth, and Fifty-ninth congresses), and one the committee on the irrigation of arid lands during (Sixtieth and Sixty-first congresses. Reeder was an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1910.
Reeder moved to Los Angeles, California, in 1911 and to Beverly Hills, California, in 1913, where they engaged in banking and in the real estate business until 1926. They died in Beverly Hills, California, on November 7, 1929, and was interred in Hollywood Cemetery, Hollywood, California.
References
External links
1849 births
1929 deaths
People from Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
California Republicans
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Kansas
Channa Mereya () is a 2017 Indian Punjabi-language romance film directed by Pankaj Batra. It is a remake of the Marathi film Sairat (2016). The film follows Kainat (Payal Rajput), a girl from a wealthy family who falls in love with their poor classmate Jagat (Ninja). They start seeing each other secretly, but when their relationship is exposed, they face trouble from Kainat's brother Balli (Amrit Maan) and father (Yograj Singh). The film received mixed reviews from critics.
Cast
Ninja as Jagat
Payal Rajput as Kainat
Amrit Maan as Balli
Yograj Singh as Kainat's father
Production
Channa Mereya is an official remake of the 2016 Marathi film Sairat. While remaining largely faithful to the original film, director Pankaj Batra took a few liberties: while the male lead of Sairat had a younger sister, the character was replaced with a younger brother in Channa Mereya. The male lead's friend in Marathi was a farmer, while the remake depicted them as a mechanic. Ninja, a playback singer, made their acting debut with this film, as did lyricist and singer Amrit Maan.
Soundtrack
The soundtrack was composed by Goldboy.
Release and reception
Channa Mereya was released on 14 July 2017. The film received mixed reviews from critics, who felt it was a "copy-paste" version of Sairat. Jasmine Singh of Tribune called it a "remake gone wrong", but "things that still make Channa Mereya appreciable are, the fresh pairing of Ninja and Payal Rajput, nice music and praiseworthy cinematography". Bobby Sing Mid-Day called Rajput the film's "weakest link", adding, "While the film adeptly highlights the caste and class system prevalent in the society, where it fails is in the presentation of the lead pair."
References
External links
Punjabi-language Indian films
2010s Punjabi-language films
2017 films
2017 romantic drama films
Films directed by Pankaj Batra
Films scored by Jaidev Kumar
Indian romantic drama films
Punjabi remakes of Marathi films
William Dean Wickline Jr. (March 15, 1952 – March 30, 2004), known as The Butcher, was an American career criminal and later serial killer linked to at least three violent murders committed in West Virginia and Ohio from 1979 to 1982. Convicted of killing the latter victims, whose bodies were never found, Wickline was sentenced to death and subsequently executed in 2004.
Early life
William Dean Wickline Jr. was born on March 15, 1952, in Reynoldsburg, Ohio, one of several sons born to William, Sr. and Irma Wickline (née Bolen). They grew up in what was described as a loving family, and during their youth, Wickline was regarded as a good student with a promising career in athletics. Despite these expectations and them being in their high school's wrestling team, Wickline's grades fell drastically and they became known as a small-time delinquent whose most egregious offense was egging their principal's car.
Wickline's first arrest came in 1971, at age 19, and until 1984, they would be arrested at least nine more times for charges ranging from burglary and dealing drugs to running a prostitution ring. During their incarcerations, they would spend much of their time doing pastimes such as lifting weights and studying psychology, and would integrate themselves further within the prison system. After spending several years in different prisons around the state, Wickline would eventually be released yet again in November 1979, and after a temporary break-up with their girlfriend, they started displaying increasingly violent tendencies. During this period, they developed an affinity for knives and had numerous short-term relationships with various women, whom they verbally threatened on a few occasions. According to a friend of his, Wickline also allegedly participated in a group that conducted animal sacrifices and other violent activities, but this was never conclusively proven.
Murders
Confirmed
On November 11, 1979, the body of a 34-year-old construction worker from Columbia, South Carolina, Charles Morgan Marsh, was found on their bed at a hotel room in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Marsh's head had been decapitated and placed on the nightstand beside the bed, while their headless body had their hands handcuffed behind their back. Upon conducting the autopsy, coroners determined that the cause of death was strangulation with a telephone cord and that the murderer had severed the head with one or two cuts, indicating they were a skilled butcher. Most peculiarly, it was also determined that Marsh's killer had also taken their time to comb the hair of their victim's severed head. The violent nature of the crime and the fact that Marsh was a known drug dealer led investigators to believe that this was a likely contract killing, possibly by a rival dealer who wanted to prevent them from encroaching on their territory, but at the time, no suspect could be identified.
On August 14, 1982, Wickline and their girlfriend Teresa Kemp went to Columbus, Ohio to settle a $6,000 drug debt with Christopher and Peggy Lerch, a couple from Blendon Township who were involved in the drug trafficking business. After the argument, Wickline asked that Christopher accompany them to the upstairs bathroom, ostensibly to help them with a clogged tub drain, but while they were looking inside the tub, Wickline took out a knife and slit their throat. Deciding that they needed to get rid of Peggy as well, as they could be a potential witness, Wickline threatened to harm Kemp if they did not help them out by holding the sleeping woman's legs while they proceeded to strangle them to death with a rope. After killing both of the Lerches, Wickline transported their bodies to the bath tub, where they decapitated and dismembered their remains, which they then placed in plastic garbage bags. Afterwards, with Kemp's help, the pair dumped them in various garbage containers across Franklin County. As a sort of souvenir, Wickline kept Peggy's wedding ring. The Lerches' remains have never been located.
Trial, imprisonment and execution
Shortly after the Lerches' disappearances, Wickline was arrested for breaking into a drug store in Nelsonville, for which they were given a year and a half sentence at the Pickaway Correctional Institution in the Orient. Almost two years later, in December 1984, they were indicted in the Lerch case after Kemp confessed the crime to the authorities. Before they could even be officially charged, Wickline was additionally linked to the Marsh murder in West Virginia, and was proposed as a suspect in several other violent crimes involving dismemberment. However, they were nonetheless tried solely for the Lerches' murders, which began on July 30, 1985. A little more than a week later, they were found guilty on two counts of aggravated murder. On September 20, they were sentenced to death for Peggy's murder and to life imprisonment for Christopher's, to which they showed no emotion. While charges were filed in the Marsh murder, they were eventually dropped and the case closed due to Wickline's death sentence.
For the remainder of their life behind bars, Wickline unsuccessfully appealed to both state and federal courts, all of which rejected their appeals. After exhausting all of their appeals, Wickline was executed via lethal injection at the Southern Ohio Correctional Facility on March 30, 2004. Their final meal consisted of an eight-ounce medium-rare filet mignon, old-fashioned potato salad, six buttered rolls, fresh strawberries, shortcake and butter pecan ice cream. After entering the execution chamber, they gave two thumbs up to their brothers, who were attending, and calmly awaited the process to take place. Their supposed last words were "May tomorrow see the courts shaped by more wisdom and fewer politics."
Suspected murders
Aside from their three known killings, Wickline was considered a strong suspect in several other murders that involved dismemberment and were possibly drug-related. They were publicly named as a suspect in the following murders:
the 1978 disappearance of gambler Tory Gainer, who vanished from Fairfield County. Informants alleged that Wickline had killed and then scatted their remains around various dumpsters.
the January 1983 murder of an unidentified man in Miami, Florida, whose remains were found floating in a canal. The medical examiner determined that the cuts were professionally done, akin to the way Wickline killed their victims, and supposed it might have been another contract killing.
the October 1983 murder of 15-year-old John A. Muncy, whose dismembered remains were found in Delaware County. At the time, investigators suspected that Muncy might have been a victim of chance, as they had gotten in the way of a drug transaction.
For a time, they were also proposed as an alternative suspect to the 1984 murders of Annette Cooper and Todd Schultz, for which Cooper's stepfather, Dale Johnston was convicted and sentenced to death, but whose guilt was questioned. In 2008, two other men confessed and were convicted of the crime, and Johnston was exonerated. In 2020, authorities identified Muncy's killer as Daniel Alan Anderson, a violent sex offender with past convictions for abusing young boys, who had died in 2013.
See also
Capital punishment in Ohio
Capital punishment in the United States
List of murder convictions without a body
List of people executed by lethal injection
List of people executed in Ohio
List of people executed in the United States in 2004
List of serial killers in the United States
References
External links
FindAGrave
Wickline v. Mitchell (2003)
1952 births
2004 deaths
20th-century American criminals
American male criminals
Male serial killers
American people convicted of murder
People convicted of murder by Ohio
American people convicted of robbery
American prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Ohio
21st-century executions of American people
21st-century executions by Ohio
Executed American serial killers
People executed by Ohio by lethal injection
People executed for murder
Murder convictions without a body
Criminals from Ohio
People from Reynoldsburg, Ohio
The Science Fiction Bestiary is an anthology of science fiction novelettes and short stories edited by Robert Silverberg. It was first published in hardcover by Thomas Nelson in 1971; it was reprinted in March 1973. The first paperback edition was published by Dell Laurel in February 1974. It has also been translated into German.
The book collects nine novelettes and short stories by various science fiction authors (including one by the editor), together with an introduction by Silverberg. The stories were previously published from 1934 to 1956 in various science fiction magazines.
Contents
"Introduction" (Robert Silverberg)
"The Hurkle Is a Happy Beast" (Theodore Sturgeon)
"Grandpa" (James H. Schmitz)
"The Blue Giraffe" (L. Sprague de Camp)
"The Preserving Machine" (Philip K. Dick)
"A Martian Odyssey" (Stanley G. Weinbaum)
"The Sheriff of Canyon Gulch" (Poul Anderson and Gordon R. Dickson)
"Drop Dead" (Clifford D. Simak)
"The Gnurrs Come from the Voodvork Out" (R. Bretnor)
"Collecting Team" (Robert Silverberg)
Notes
1971 anthologies
Science fiction anthologies
Jorge Bucay (born October 30, 1949) is an Argentine gestalt psychotherapist, psychodramatist and writer. Their books have sold more than 2 million copies around the world, and have been translated into more than seventeen languages.
Biography
They were born in Buenos Aires on October 30, 1949, to a modest family. Their four grandparents were Syrians born in Damascus, with three of them being Jewish and one of them a Christian. They started working at the age of thirteen. In the course of their life, they have worked as a traveling salesperson selling socks, books and sports clothing, as well as an insurance agent, taxi driver, clown, warehouseman, educator, actor, doctor on duty, host of children's parties, psychiatrist, group coordinator, radio collaborator, and television host.
In 1973, they graduated as an MD from the University of Buenos Aires, and specialized in mental illnesses at the Buenos Aires Pirovano Hospital and at the Santa Mónica clinic.
They currently define their job as professional helper. They divide their attention between attending therapeutic teaching conferences, which have taken them around the world, and the writing of their books, which they consider therapeutic tools.
Works
Their published works include:
Cartas Para Claudia (Letters for Claudia) (1986, 2nd ed. 2007)
"Recuentos para Demián" (Stories for Demián) (1994)
"Cuentos para pensar" (Stories for Thought) (1997)
"De la autoestima al egoísmo" (From Self-Esteem to Egoism) (1999)
"Amarse con los ojos abiertos" (Loving Oneself With Open Eyes) (with Silvia Salinas) (2000)
"Déjame que te cuente" (Let Me Tell You) (2002)
"To-do (No) Terminó" (It's (Not) All Over) (with Silvia Salinas) (2004)
"El Juego de los Cuentos" (The Game of Stories) (2004)
"Cuenta Conmigo" (Count on Me) (2005)
"El Mito de le Diosa Fortuna" (The Myth of the Goddess of Fortune) (2006)
"20 pasos hacia adelante" (Twenty Steps Forward) (2007)
"El candidato" (The Candidate) (Winner of Premio de Novela Ciudad de Torrevieja in 2006).
Five books constitute their series, "Hojas de Ruta" (Roadmaps):
"El camino de la Auto-dependencia" (The Road of Self-Dependence)
"El camino del Encuentro" (The Road of Encounter)
"El camino de las Lágrimas" (The Road of Tears)
"El camino de la Felicidad" (The Road of Happiness)
"El camino de la Espiritualidad: Llegar a la Cima y Seguir Subiendo" (2011) (The Road of Spirituality)
Their works have become bestsellers in Mexico, Uruguay, Chile, Costa Rica, Venezuela, Puerto Rico, Spain and Greece.
In 2005, they were accused of copying the fifth part of their book, Shimriti, from a text by Mónica Cavallé, though they later declared that it was "an absolutely involuntary error" while citing sources.
Awards and honors
2006: Premio de Novela Ciudad de Torrevieja, winner, El Candidato
References
External links
(Spanish:) Healthy Mind, Jorge Bucay's magazine
(Spanish:) Amarse con los ojos abiertos Forum
(Spanish:) Biography
1949 births
Argentine male writers
Living people
Writers from Buenos Aires
University of Buenos Aires alumni
Psychotherapists
Argentine people of Syrian descent
Argentine people of Syrian-Jewish descent
This list of lobe-finned fish is a comprehensive listing of all genera that have ever been included in the class Sarcopterygii, excluding purely vernacular terms and Tetrapods. The list includes all commonly accepted genera, but also genera that are now considered invalid, doubtful (nomen dubium), or were not formally published (nomen nudum), as well as junior synonyms.
Extant genera are bolded. All non-bolded genera are extinct.
Scope and terminology
There is no official, canonical list of lobe-finned fish genera.
Authors and Year
The authors column lists the authors of the formal description responsible for the erection of the genus listed. They are not necessarily the same as the authors of the type species as sometimes a species from one genus is determined sufficiently distinct to warrant the erection of a new genus to house it. If this is the case, only the latter authors will be listed. The year column notes the year the description was published.
Status
Naming conventions and terminology follow the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature. Technical terms used include:
Junior synonym: A name which describes the same taxon as a previously published name. If two or more genera are formally designated and the type specimens are later assigned to the same genus, the first to be published (in chronological order) is the senior synonym, and all other instances are junior synonyms. Senior synonyms are generally used, except by special decision of the ICZN, but junior synonyms cannot be used again, even if deprecated. Junior synonymy is often subjective, unless the genera described were both based on the same type specimen.
Nomen nudum (Latin for "naked name"): A name that has appeared in print but has not yet been formally published by the standards of the ICZN. Nomina nuda (the plural form) are invalid, and are therefore not italicized as a proper generic name would be. If the name is later formally published, that name is no longer a nomen nudum and will be italicized on this list. Often, the formally published name will differ from any nomina nuda that describe the same specimen.
Preoccupied name: A name that is formally published, but which has already been used for another taxon. This second use is invalid (as are all subsequent uses) and the name must be replaced. As preoccupied names are not valid generic names, they will also go unitalicized on this list.
Nomen dubium (Latin for "dubious name"): A name describing a fossil with no unique diagnostic features.
Age
The age column denotes the epoch of geologic time to which the fossils date. The abbreviations are as follows.
uTri is Upper Triassic
lJur is Lower Jurassic
mJur is Middle Jurassic
uJur is Upper Jurassic
lCret is Lower Cretaceous
uCret is Upper Cretaceous
Genera that are invalid, misidentified, or otherwise do not represent a valid sarcopterygian are listed as age N/A because there was never a time in which a sarcopterygian by that generic name actually lived.
Location and Notes
The location column designates the geographic region where remains of the relevant genus have been found. The regions used are continents except in the case of smaller landmasses (e.g. Cuba). Political bodies, being non-existent in the Mesozoic are not used to indicate genera locations. Genera that are invalid, misidentified, or otherwise do not represent a valid sarcopterygian are listed as location N/A because there was never a place in which a sarcopterygian by that generic name actually lived. Extant marine sarcopterygians are listed by ocean. Extant freshwater sarcopterygians are listed by continent. The notes column is a collection of annotations on the scientific significance and taxonomic history of listed genera, as well as elaborations on the information presented in other columns.
A-L
M - Z
See also
List of prehistoric bony fish
References
http://www.helsinki.fi/~mhaaramo/metazoa/deuterostoma/chordata/sarcopterygii/sarcopterygii_1.html
List of
Sarcopterygians
The Calvin T. Macomber House is a historic house located at 312 W. Brittania Street in Taunton, Massachusetts. It was built in 1885 for Calvin T. Macomber, who was employed at Reed & Barton. It among the most complex examples of the Queen Anne style houses in the city, with an asymmetrical plan and a variety of architectural details. It has a steep hip roof, which is broken up by tall chimneys, projecting sections, and gabled dormers. Second floor windows have trim decorated with floral motifs.
The house was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Taunton, Massachusetts
References
National Register of Historic Places in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses in Taunton, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
The Traitor is a 1936 American Western film directed by Sam Newfield and starring Tim McCoy, Frances Grant, and Frank Melton. It was released on August 29, 1936.
Cast list
Tim McCoy as Tim Vallance
Frances Grant as Mary Allen
Frank Melton as Jimmy Allen
Pedro Regas as Pedro Moreno
Frank Glendon as Big George
Karl Hackett as Captain John Hughes (credited as Carl Hackett)
Dick Curtis as Morgan
Roger Williams as Sheriff
Jack Rockwell as Smoky
Dick Botiller as Remos
References
American Western (genre) films
1936 Western (genre) films
1936 films
American black-and-white films
Films directed by Sam Newfield
1930s American films
RGraph is an HTML5 software library for charting written in native JavaScript. It was created in 2008. RGraph started as an easy-to-use commercial tool based on HTML5 canvas only. It became freely available to use under the open-source MIT license and supports more than 50 chart types in both SVG and canvas.
License
RGraph is published using the Open Source MIT license.
Mentions
In July 2014, Salesforce made RGraph available to be plugged into the reporting and dashboard tools on its mobile platform. RGraph is among six third-party visualization tools available inside the dashboards, together with Google Charts, D3.js, CanvasJS, Chart.js, and Highcharts.
In a book "Android Cookbook: Problems and Solutions for Android Developers," RGraph is recommended as an alternative to creating Android charts in pure Java.
See also
JavaScript framework
JavaScript library
References
External links
Data visualization software
JavaScript libraries
JavaScript visualization toolkits
JavaScript
Visualization API
Charts
Infographics
Free software programmed in JavaScript
Software using the MIT license
Free data analysis software
Formerly proprietary software
The men's 4 × 100 metre freestyle relay event at the 2018 Mediterranean Games was held on 23 June 2018 at the Campclar Aquatic Center.
Records
Prior to this competition, the existing world and Mediterranean Games records were as follows:
Results
The final was held at 18:58.
References
Men's 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay
QEII Stadium may refer to:
Queen Elizabeth II Park
Queensland Sport and Athletics Centre
Pseudotheopea is a genus of skeletonizing leaf beetles in the family Chrysomelidae. There are more than 20 described species in Pseudotheopea, found in Indomalaya and the Palearctic. It is closely related to the genus Theopea.
Species
These 24 species belong to the genus Pseudotheopea, divided into three species groups (with five other species currently unassigned to any group):
Pseudotheopea sauteri group:
Pseudotheopea coerulea (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963) (China)
Pseudotheopea geiseri (Lee & Bezděk, 2018) (India)
Pseudotheopea hainanensis (Lee & Bezděk, 2018) (China)
Pseudotheopea laosensis (Lee & Bezděk, 2018) (China, Laos, Vietnam)
Pseudotheopea sauteri (Chûjô, 1935) (Taiwan)
Pseudotheopea sekerkai (Lee & Bezděk, 2018) (Laos)
Pseudotheopea costata group:
Pseudotheopea aeneipennis (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963) (China)
Pseudotheopea azurea (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963) (China)
Pseudotheopea boreri Lee & Bezděk, 2020 (India)
Pseudotheopea clypealis (Medvedev, 2015) (Vietnam)
Pseudotheopea costata (Allard, 1889) (Philippines)
Pseudotheopea gressitti Lee and Bezděk, 2020 (Philippines)
Pseudotheopea hsingtzungi Lee & Bezděk, 2020 (Laos)
Pseudotheopea kimotoi Lee & Bezděk, 2020 (Laos, Thailand, Vietnam)
Pseudotheopea leehsuehae Lee & Bezděk, 2020 (Laos)
Pseudotheopea smaragdina (Gressitt & Kimoto, 1963) (China)
Pseudotheopea sufangae Lee & Bezděk, 2020 (Taiwan)
Pseudotheopea similis group:
Pseudotheopea nigrita (Medvedev, 2007) (Thailand)
Pseudotheopea similis (Kimoto, 1989) (Laos, Vietnam)
Species unassigned to any species group:
Pseudotheopea aureoviridis (Chûjô, 1935) (Japan)
Pseudotheopea cheni (Lee & Bezděk, 2018) (Taiwan)
Pseudotheopea collaris (Kimoto, 1989) (Taiwan)
Pseudotheopea irregularis (Takizawa, 1978) (Taiwan)
Pseudotheopea kanmiyai (Kimoto, 1984) (Taiwan)
References
Galerucinae
Chrysomelidae genera
Beetles of Asia
The canton of Montluçon-Ouest is a former administrative division in central France. It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It had 13,736 inhabitants (2012).
The canton comprised the following communes:
Lamaids
Montluçon (partly)
Prémilhat
Quinssaines
Demographics
See also
Cantons of the Allier department
References
Former cantons of Allier
2015 disestablishments in France
States and territories disestablished in 2015
The cinnamon becard (Pachyramphus cinnamomeus) is a passerine bird found in Latin America.
Taxonomy
It has been placed with the tityras in the cotinga or the tyrant flycatcher families by various authors, but the evidence strongly suggest the tityras and their closest relatives are better separated as Tityridae. The AOU for example advocates this separation.
Description
The adult cinnamon becard is 5.5 in (14 cm) long and weighs 0.6–0.8 oz (17–22 g). It is rufous above and paler cinnamon below, with a grey bill and legs. Unlike other becards, the sexes are similar, but the young are brighter above and paler overall. Northern birds have a pale supercilium and dusky line from the bill to the eye, but the subspecies Pachyramphus cinnamomeus magdalenae west of the Andes shows more contrast, with a stronger supercilium and blackish loral line.
The calls include high thin whistles. The males' song is a plaintive ascending dee dee dee dee dee dee de while the females' is a weaker deeeu dew dew, dew dew.
Distribution and habitat
The cinnamon becard is a resident breeding species from south-eastern Mexico south to north-western Ecuador and north-western Venezuela. It was recently found to be far more common on the Amazonian slope of the Colombian Cordillera Oriental than previously believed.
It occurs over a wide range of altitudes, from almost sea level to (albeit rarely) more than 5,000 ft (1,700 m) ASL; they prefer disturbed habitat like open woodland including forest edges and clearings, mangroves, and secondary forest e.g. dominated by Naked Albizia (Albizia carbonaria, Fabaceae).
Behaviour
Breeding
The nest, built by the female at the tip of a high tree branch 8–50 ft (2.5–15 m) up, is a spherical structure of plant material with a low entrance, which for protection is often built near a wasp nest. The typical clutch is 3–4 olive brown-blotched brownish white eggs, laid between March and July and incubated by the female alone for 18–20 days to hatching. The male helps to feed the young.
Feeding
Cinnamon becards pick large insects and spiders off the foliage in flight. They also regularly hover to take small berries.
References
References
Hilty, Steven L. (2003): Birds of Venezuela. Christopher Helm, London.
Stiles, F. Gary & Skutch, Alexander Frank (1989): A guide to the birds of Costa Rica. Comistock, Ithaca.
Salaman, Paul G. W.; Stiles, F. Gary; Bohórquez, Clara Isabel; Álvarez-R., Mauricio; Umaña, Ana María; Donegan, Thomas M. & Cuervo, Andrés M. (2002): New and noteworthy bird records from the east slope of the Andes of Colombia. Caldasia 24(1): 157–189. PDF fulltext
South American Classification Committee (SACC) (2007): Proposal #313 - Adopt the Family Tityridae.
Further reading
cinnamon becard
cinnamon becard
Birds of Central America
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
cinnamon becard
cinnamon becard
Julius du Mont (15 December 1881, in Paris – 7 April 1956, in Hastings, England) was a pianist, piano teacher, chess player, journalist, editor and writer. They studied music at the Frankfurt Conservatoire and at Heidelberg, and became a concert pianist. They emigrated to England as a young man and became a successful piano teacher. Amongst their pupils was Edna Iles. They settled in London and also gained a reputation as a strong chess player. They won club and county chess championships in the period leading up to World War I, and showed their mastery of the English language by writing a manual on the Lewis gun. After the war, chess writing took up more and more of their time. Perhaps their most famous work was 500 Master Games of Chess (1952), written in collaboration with Savielly Tartakower.
For some years, du Mont was chess columnist of The Field and of the Manchester Guardian. Between 1940 and 1949 they were a general editor of British Chess Magazine.
Bibliography
Chess Openings Illustrated
I Centre Counter Defence (1919)
II Centre and Danish Gambit (1920)
The Elements of Chess (1925)
The Basis of Combination in Chess (1938)
200 Miniature Games (1941)
More Miniature Games (1953)
500 Master Games of Chess (with Savielly Tartakower), two volumes (1952)
100 Master Games of Modern Chess (with Savielly Tartakower), (1954)
Translations
Edward Lasker's Chess Strategy
Alekhine's two volumes of My Best Games of Chess (the first with M. E. Goldstein)
Rudolf Spielmann's Art of Sacrifice in Chess
References
British Chess Magazine, May 1956, p119 (Obituary)
External links
British Chess Magazine
1881 births
1956 deaths
French chess players
British chess players
British writers
French chess writers
French male non-fiction writers
20th-century French male writers
The 2002–2007 Spider-Man film series, also called the Sam Raimi trilogy or the Tobey Maguire trilogy, is a superhero film series consisting of three Spider-Man films with the same director and main actor: Spider-Man (2002), Spider-Man 2 (2004) and Spider-Man 3 (2007). Based on the Marvel comic book series about the fictional character of the same name, all three films were directed by Sam Raimi and distributed by Columbia Pictures. Tobey Maguire plays the titular role, with Kirsten Dunst portraying their love interest, Mary Jane Watson, and James Franco concluding the principal cast with their role as Harry Osborn, Spider-Man's frenemy. Throughout the series, the Spider-Man releases featured villains such as Green Goblin (Willem Dafoe), Doctor Octopus (Alfred Molina), Sandman (Thomas Haden Church) and Venom (Topher Grace). Other characters who appeared in the series are Betty Brant (Elizabeth Banks), J. Jonah Jameson (J. K. Simmons) and Gwen Stacy (Bryce Dallas Howard).
Every Spider-Man film was a financial success and achieved blockbuster status. Each installment was the third top-grossing film of their respective release years. In 2002, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets performed better than Spider-Man. For 2004, Shrek 2 and Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban had grossed more than Spider-Man 2 and Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End and Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix outdid Spider-Man 3s revenue. With a box office total of nearly $900 million, Spider-Man 3 stands as the highest-earning in the series and is the 31st highest-grossing film worldwide. The previous two entries sit at 41st and 48th in worldwide totals. The franchise made around $2.5 billion at the box office in ticket sales.
Overall, the film series received positive to polarized reception from critics. Spider-Man was released to largely positive reviews from the media, scoring an 89% rating based on a sample of 192 reviews on review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes with an average of 7.6/10. The second entry performed even better with critics, garnering an approval rating of 93% on Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 8.2 out of 10. With 241 reviews accounted for, Rotten Tomatoes reported that Spider-Man 3 had an approval rating of 63% and a score of 6.2/10. Metacritic lists the third installment as having a 59% rating on its site. Spider-Man 2 was named the third best superhero film of all-time by IGN and Time magazine.
Raimi's Spider-Man series won various awards and gathered five Academy Award nominations: two for Spider-Man and three for Spider-Man 2, with one win for Best Visual Effects in 2005 for Spider-Man 2. The series won two MTV Movie Awards out of ten nominations, five Saturn Awards out of thirteen nominations and four Teen Choice Awards out of fifteen nominations. The films were nominated for one Annie Award, five British Academy Film Awards, two Grammy Awards and ten Satellite Awards. Other honors came from the Visual Effects Society Awards, which gave the franchise ten nominations and three wins, as well as the Taurus World Stunt Awards, which nominated the films for three of their accolades. The American Film Institute named Spider-Man 2 one of the Best Movie Productions of 2004.
Spider-Man (2002)
The first film in the franchise, Spider-Man, was released to US theaters on May 3, 2002. Its story follows Peter Parker (played by Tobey Maguire), a high-school student who turns to crime-fighting in New York, under the alias of Spider-Man, after developing spider-like powers. The film sees them develop friendships with Harry Osborn (James Franco) and their love interest, Mary Jane Watson (portrayed by Kirsten Dunst). Spider-Man was praised for staying faithful to the comic series and for being an enjoyable movie, with Joe Morgenstern of The Wall Street Journal finding the film to be "unusually good" for its genre. Raimi's 2002 release topped the box office with ticket revenue totaling to $114.8 million. By the end of its theatrical run, it had grossed over $820 million.
Its visual effects and sound were nominated by several award committees, including the Academy Awards, for being the best in film for that year. Danny Elfman work on the film's music earned them an accolade from BMI Film and TV Awards. The film's song "Hero", performed by Chad Kroeger, scored nominations from the Broadcast Film Critics Association and 45th Grammy Awards. Dunst's performance as an aspiring actor who works as a waiter earned them both an Empire Award and an accolade from the viewer-voted 2003 MTV Movie Awards. They also shared an award from the latter for Best Kiss with Maguire, who was nominated for Best Male Performance from the same ceremony. The Golden Trailer Awards nominated the film's trailers for four awards and Spider-Mans stunt work earned it one nomination from the World Stunt Awards.
Spider-Man 2 (2004)
Spider-Man 2 opened in US theaters on June 30, 2004. This entry focuses on Peter Parker's struggles, as they try to manage both their personal life and their duties as Spider-Man. They also have to stop the film's main villain, Doctor Octopus (Alfred Molina), a man who becomes insane after an experiment of theirs goes haywire. Spider-Man 2 was less successful in its first week of release, taking first place at the box office with around $88 million at 4,152 locations. Nonetheless, the sequel set several box office records at the time and broke the record for best opening day title ever, previously held by the preceding Spider-Man film. It eventually made more than $783 million worldwide but still stands as the lowest-grossing in the trilogy. However, it also stands as the best received film in the franchise. Movie critics believed the second installment had better humor and action sequences than its predecessor and that it was "unusually good" for its genre. A writer for website IGN said this film had "a better flowing storyline, more emotional depth, and a less ridiculous looking supervillain, Spider-Man 2 elevated the series to just about everything that comic fans love about the character." The website also ranked Spider-Man 2 as being the third best superhero film of all-time on their 2005 list. Time magazine also named the sequel the third best superhero movie on their top-ten list published in 2011.
Out of the film's three Academy Award nominations, Spider-Man 2 was awarded Best Visual Effects. At the 58th British Academy Film Awards, the sequel's sound and visual effects were nominated. A third nomination was for Orange Film of the Year, a category for the 10 biggest United Kingdom box office hits, voted by the public. The film itself also won the Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards's Best Popular Movie honor and was named one of 2004's best pictures by the American Film Institute committee. Spider-Man 2 swept the 31st Saturn Awards with eight nominations and four wins. Maguire and Raimi respectively picked up the Best Actor and Best Director awards and the film was named 2004's Best Fantasy Film. Its writing, supporting performance by Molina and music were among other aspects the Saturn Awards nominated Spider-Man 2 for. At the 2005 MTV Movie Awards, Molina got another nomination, this time for Best Villain. The award show also nominated the sequel for its Best Movie Honor. Another awards organization to honor Molina's portrayal of Doctor Octopus were the London Film Critics Circle Awards, who nominated them for the year's Best Supporting Actor. The 10th Empire Awards gave Raimi their second accolade for their direction on Spider-Man 2. Its overall featured stunt work won it a World Stunt Award and its visual effects scored Spider-Man 2 six Visual Effects Society Award nominations.
Spider-Man 3 (2007)
Columbia Pictures gave Spider-Man 3 a US release on May 4, 2007. The film begins with Peter Parker basking in their success as Spider-Man before an extraterrestrial symbiote takes control of him. Peter must then battle a rival photographer that the symbiote then takes control of (Topher Grace) and the Sandman (Thomas Haden Church). The general consensus among critics was that the final installment was not as refined as the first two entries, with it being criticized for its excessive use of villains, romantic conflicts and weak plot points. Nonetheless, Spider-Man 3 surpassed the previous two films' openings, making $151 million at over 4,250 locations.
Both the 35th Annie Awards and 61st British Academy Film Awards gave this film one nomination, the former for Best Animated Effects and the latter for Best Special Visual Effects. Spider-Man 3 did not win any of the four Visual Effects Society Awards nominations it received. Dunst's and Maguire's performances earned them each one nomination from the National Movie Awards. They also received another nomination for Favorite Movie Actress from the 2008 Kids' Choice Awards ceremony. The film fared better at the Teen Choice Awards, amounting a total of seven nominations, varying from Choice Movie Villain (for Grace) to Choice Movie Dance (for Maguire) and Choice Movie Liplock (shared between Dunst and Maguire).
References
General
Specific
External links
Spider-Man at the Internet Movie Database
Spider-Man 2 at the Internet Movie Database
Spider-Man 3 at the Internet Movie Database
Lists of accolades by film series
Spider-Man lists
Spider-Man (2002 film series)
The J. Henry Meyer Memorial Library was a library at Stanford University in California. It was dedicated on December 2, 1966. In 2007, a seismic assessment identified $45 million in required retrofits, more than the cost of a new library elsewhere on campus. Consequently, the library was designated for closure and a new design was accepted featuring a public open space area at the site. The library closed permanently on August 22, 2014, and was demolished during the months of February and March, 2015.
Designed by architect and Stanford alumnus John Carl Warnecke, Meyer Library's arcades featured high columns and vaulted ceilings. It was a four-story building with a sloping tile roof, and the outer sides of the building were lined with vertical bands of tall windows. The inner, central section of each side of the building was covered with a mesh of small windows.
The first floor of the Meyer Library consisted of several seminar rooms, a computer cluster, and a 24-hour study room. The first floor was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The second floor was the home of Academic Computing and Residential Computing, which provided technological expertise and resources to faculty and students. There was a specialized Multimedia Studio and a Digital Language Lab. The Meyer Technology Services Desk provided direct troubleshooting and consulting services. The third floor contained library systems and offices.
The fourth floor housed the East Asia Library, which has a vast Chinese collection of over 300,000 volumes, a Japanese collection of over 100,000 volumes, and a Korean collection of over 10,000 volumes. This collection was moved to the new Lathrop Library.
Namesake
The library was named for J. Henry Meyer (1855–1921), a wealthy California business person who was an early supporter of Stanford, particularly the Stanford libraries. They were born in Sacramento and settled in San Francisco. They were a banker and an important influence on the development of the street railway systems in San Francisco and Los Angeles. They helped underwrite the establishment of Stanford's Lane Medical Library, and in 1916 they created a Stanford endowment fund to collect important western historical manuscripts. Two of their three children graduated from Stanford, and they continued their tradition of supporting the university. Their support, together with a grant from the U.S. Office of Education, made the undergraduate library possible, and it was named in their father's honor.
See also
Stanford University Libraries
References
External links
Stanford University Libraries
Library buildings completed in 1966
Meyer Library
Meyer Library
Demolished buildings and structures in California
Hiddo & Dhaqan ("Culture & Tradition") is an album by Somali singer Aar Maanta. It was released on November 16, 2008.
Track listing
"Asalamu Alaykum" (Aar Maanta, Mr H M Abdirahman) – 3:12
"Hiddo & Dhaqan" (Aar Maanta, Mr H M Abdirahman, Shamso Mohamed Fot) – 3:41
"Mac Isii" (Aar Maanta, Mr H M Abdirahman, Shamso Mohamed Fot) – 4:33
"Maseexdo" (Aar Maanta, Askar, Mr H M Abdirahman) – 2:59
"Deeqa" (Aar Maanta, Mr H M Abdirahman, Sacmaal) – 4:59
"Hanaanka" (Aar Maanta, Krim, MO-Man, Mukhtar, YG) – 4:39
"Go'doomey" (Aar Maanta, Shamso Mohamed Fot) – 3:45
"Set the Frequency" (Aar Maanta, Risaq, Socoto) – 2:11
"Dhadhami" (Aar Maanta, Allaale, Mr H M Abdirahman) – 4:39
"Uur Hooyo" (Hudeidi, Mr H.M. Abdirahman) – 3:55
"Saafi" (Aar Manta, Mr H M Abdirahman, Nasiib) – 3:26
"Home" (Aar Maanta, Mr H M Abdirahman) – 2:50
References
2008 albums
Aar Maanta albums
The 2013 FINA Diving World Series is the 2013 edition of FINA Diving World Series. The divers who participate are the current world and olympic champions and runners-up, the top 8 divers in the world rankings and along with some wild cards from either the host nation or from certain countries which had previously qualified athletes for the World Series. This World Series was made up by six legs hosted in different cities: 1st leg Beijing, China, 2nd leg Sheffield, United Kingdom, 3rd leg Dubai, United Arab Emirates , 4th leg Moscow, Russia, and 5th and 6th legs Guadalajara, Mexico
Overall medal tally
Beijing leg
Medal table
Medal summary
Men
Women
Dubai leg
Medal table
Medal summary
Men
Women
Edinburgh leg
Medal table
Medal summary
Men
Women
Moscow leg
Medal table
Medal summary
Men
Women
Guadalajara No. 1 leg
Medal table
Medal summary
Men
Women
Guadalajara No. 2 leg
Medal table
Medal summary
Men
Women
References
External links
2013 FINA World Diving Series official mini-site
2013 in diving
FINA Diving World Series
Statistics of the Guam League in the 1991 season.
Overview
University of Guam won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Guam Soccer League seasons
Guam
Guam
football
Michael Heath may refer to:
Mike Heath (born 1955), baseball player
Michael Heath (cartoonist) (born 1935), British strip cartoonist and illustrator
Michael Heath (computer scientist) (born 1946), computer scientist who specializes in scientific computing
Mike Heath (swimmer) (born 1964), former American Olympic swimmer
Michael Heath (Paralympic swimmer) (born 1989), Canadian Paralympic swimmer
Michael Heath, the Recorder of Lincoln
See also
Mickey Heath (1903–1986), baseball player
Number One Beautiful is the debut EP from On Broken Wings, released in 2001.
Track listing
"I Do My Crosswords In Pen" - 03:16
"Deep Six" - 02:48
"Tether" - 04:10
"I Hope You Don't Get Raped In Cancun" - 04:15
"My Life, Your Movie" - 04:13
"Lovesick" - 06:13
Members
Jonathan Blake - Voice
Mike McMillen - Guitar
Sean Laforce - Guitar
"Chuck" Lombardo - Bass
Johnny Earle - Samples/Keyboard
Kevin Garvin - Drums
Credits
Andrew Schneider - Producer/Mixing
Nick Zampiello - Mastering
On Broken Wings albums
2003 albums
The Salinas monjita (Neoxolmis salinarum) is a species of bird in the tyrant flycatchers family Tyrannidae which is endemic to Argentina. It is threatened by habitat loss.
Taxonomy
This species was formerly placed in the genus Xolmis. Following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study in 2020, it was one of three species moved to Neoxolmis.
References
Neoxolmis
Birds of Argentina
Endemic birds of Argentina
Birds described in 1979
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The 1921–22 Ottawa Senators season was the club's 37th season of play, fifth season in the NHL, and they were coming off back-to-back Stanley Cup Championship seasons, winning in 1920 and 1921. The Senators would finish in first place in the standings, but lost in the playoff to the Toronto St. Pats.
Regular season
Punch Broadbent emerged as the offensive leader for the Senators, leading the NHL in goals (32) and points (46). They scored in an NHL record 16 straight games. Teammate Cy Denneny finished in 2nd in NHL scoring with 39 points, and 3rd in goals at 27.
On February 1, former Senators player Sprague Cleghorn, then on the Montreal Canadiens, cut Senators players Eddie Gerard and Cy Denneny, while taking a charge at Frank Nighbor. All 3 players missed 2 games due to the injuries they occurred, while Cleghorn was given a match penalty and fined $15 by the league.
Clint Benedict once again had a great season, winning an NHL best 14 games, while leading the league with a 3.34 GAA.
On February 11, 1922, the Senators and the Toronto St. Pats made NHL history, as the teams played to a 4–4 draw, the first time in NHL history that a game ended in a tie.
December
The Senators opened the 1921-22 season on December 17 in Hamilton, as Ottawa defeated the Hamilton Tigers 3-2 in overtime. Punch Broadbent scored the overtime winner for the Sens.
Four nights later, the Senators hosted the Toronto St. Patricks for their home opener. Toronto spoiled the party, beating Ottawa 5-4 despite a three goal game by the Senators Eddie Gerard.
The Sens returned to the win column in their third game of the season, as they demolished the Montreal Canadiens by a score of 10-0. on Christmas Eve. Clint Benedict earned the shutout for Ottawa, while Cy Denneny scored three times. The Senators would follow this victory with two more in December, defeating the Canadiens 2-1 in Montreal in an overtime thriller on December 28, followed by a 4-0 shutout win over Hamilton on New Years Eve.
Ottawa earned a record of 4-1-0 during December, getting eight points. The Senators sat in first place in the NHL, two points ahead of the second place St. Patricks.
January
Ottawa opened the month of January with a loss to the Toronto St. Patricks by a 3-2 score, moving the two teams into a first place tie. Following the loss to Toronto, the Senators would win their next four games, including two wins over Toronto, as they moved into sole possession of first place with a record of 8-2-0. In their 10-6 win over the Montreal Canadiens on January 18, both Cy Denneny and Punch Broadbent recorded three goal games.
The Senators four game winning streaks would be snapped as they lost to the Hamilton Tigers 7-6 in overtime in Hamilton. The Sens rebounded in their next game, defeating the Tigers 4-2 on home ice.
Ottawa finished the January portion of their schedule with a 2-1 win over the St. Patricks in Toronto. Punch Broadbent scored both goals for Ottawa while Clint Benedict was very solid in the Ottawa goal.
The Sens had a record of 6-2-0 in the month of January. Overall, the Senators had a 10-3-0 record, earning 20 points on the season, and in first place in the NHL. They were six points ahead of the second place St. Patricks.
February
Ottawa started February off with a victory over the Montreal Canadiens and Hamilton Tigers, extending their winning streak to four games. In the second game of a home-and-home against the Tigers, the Senators win streak was snapped, as Hamilton pummelled the Senators 9-1.
On February 11, the Senators and Toronto St. Patricks battled to a 4-4 tie, which was the first draw in NHL history. Two nights later, the Senators and Canadiens fought to a 6-6 draw.
The Senators won their next two games, defeating the Tigers 4-2 and the Canadiens 4-3, improving their record to 14-4-2. Ottawa clinched a berth in the NHL finals at this time.
The Sens would lose their final game of February by a 7-5 score to the Toronto St. Patricks.
The team finished February with a 4-2-2 record in eight games. The Senators overall win–loss record was 14-5-2, earning 30 points and clinching first place in the NHL.
March
Ottawa struggled during the month of March. As the club had already clinched a playoff berth, the Senators would rest some of their regular players.
The club opened the month with back-to-back 2-1 losses, first to the Toronto St. Patricks, followed by the Montreal Canadiens.
Ottawa concluded the regular season with a 7-2 loss to the Hamilton Tigers, as the club lost their final four games of the season.
Ottawa had a 0-3-0 record in March. Overall, the club finished with the best record in the NHL, with a 14-8-2 record.
Final standings
Record vs. opponents
Schedule and results
Playoffs
The Senators would once again play for the O'Brien Cup, where they would face the Toronto St. Patricks in a two game total goal series.
The series opened on March 11 in Toronto. The St. Patricks took a very early 2-0 lead, with two goals in the first 3:05 of the game. The Senators responded with three straight goals, as Frank Nighbor scored 7:05 into the game, followed by two goals by Cy Denneny, to give Ottawa a 3-2 lead heading into the first intermission. The St. Pats tied the game with a goal by Babe Dye 8:30 into the second period, however, Ottawa regained the lead as Frank Nighbor scored their second of the game, giving the Senators a 4-3 lead. Dye would once again tie the game with a very late goal, as the two teams were tied 4-4 after two periods. In the third period, the St. Patricks Corb Denneny scored the game winning goal with five minutes remaining in the game, giving the St. Patricks a 5-4 series lead after the first game.
The series moved to Ottawa for the second game on March 13. It was a very defensive contest, as Ottawa could not break through and the two teams fought to a 0-0 tie. With this result, Toronto won the series 5 goals to 4 and would represent the NHL at the 1922 Stanley Cup Finals.
Toronto St. Patricks 5, Ottawa Senators 4
Playing stats
Scoring leaders
Goaltending
Transactions
The Senators were involved in the following transactions during the 1921–22 season.
Trades
Free agents
See also
1921–22 NHL season
References
SHRP Sports
The Internet Hockey Database
National Hockey League Guide & Record Book 2007
Ottawa Senators (original) seasons
Ottawa
Ottawa
Incheh Keykanlu (, also Romanized as Īncheh Keykānlū) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 521, in 141 families.
References
Populated places in Quchan County
Visitors to Cameroon must obtain a visa from one of the Cameroonian diplomatic missions unless they come from one of the visa exempt countries.
Visa policy map
Visa exemption
Citizens of the following six countries can visit Cameroon without a visa for up to 90 days:
Holders of diplomatic or service category passports issued to nationals of China, Italy, and Turkey do not require a visa for Cameroon.
Visa waiver agreements for diplomatic and service passports were signed with and , but they are yet to come into force.
Visa on arrival
Holders of diplomatic and service passports can obtain a visa on arrival if they have a mission order and a return ticket.
An agreement allowing UAE citizens to obtain a visa on arrival was signed in October 2019 and is yet to enter into force.
Transit
Transit without visa is allowed for travellers continuing their trip by the same or first connecting plane within 24 hours and without leaving the airport.
Proof of Yellow Fever Vaccination is required for all travelers to Cameroon.
See also
Visa requirements for Cameroonian citizens
References
Cameroon
Foreign relations of Cameroon
Hochberg () may refer to:
Mountains
Hochberg (Haardt), mountain in the Palatinate Forest near Sankt Martin
Hochberg (Dahn), mountain in the Palatinate Forest near Dahn
Hochberg (Swabian Alb), third-highest mountain of the Swabian Alps
Places
Höchberg, a municipality in the district of Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany
Hochberg (Remseck), a district of Remseck am Neckar in Ludwigsburg in Baden-Württemberg
Hochberg (Bad Saulgau), a district of Bad Saulgau in Sigmaringen in Baden-Württemberg
Hochberg (Bingen) a district of Bingen in Sigmaringen in Baden-Württemberg
Hochberg (Chiemgau), a district of Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany
People
People
Margraves of Baden-Hochberg (formerly Baden-Hachberg)
Reichsgrafen of Hochberg-Fürstenstein at castle Fürstenstein near Wałbrzych (Waldenburg) in Silesia, since 1848 Duke of Pless
Count Leopold of Hochberg, later Leopold, Grand Duke of Baden
Countess Marie of Hochberg, nobility
People surnamed Hochberg
Adam Hochberg, radio correspondent for National Public Radio
Alexander Hochberg, German aristocrat
Audrey Hochberg (1933–2005), New York politician
Burt Hochberg (1933–2006), American expert on chess and other games and puzzles
Faith S. Hochberg (born 1950), United States federal judge
Fred Hochberg (born 1952), American academic and political administrator
Isidore Hochberg, birth name of Yip Harburg (1896–1981), American songwriter
Karl Höchberg (1853–1885), German social-reformist writer, publisher and economist
Michael Hochberg (born 1980), American physicist
Michael E. Hochberg, American population biologist
Netanel Hochberg (died 1983), Israeli agronomist
Scott Hochberg (born 1953), member of the Texas House of Representatives
Mitchel Hochberg (born 1992), assistant to Kirsten Gillibrand Senator of NYC
German-language surnames
The Maracaibo tody-flycatcher (Todirostrum viridanum), also known as the short-tailed tody-flycatcher, is a species of bird in the family Tyrannidae. It is endemic to arid scrub in the region near Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela. It has formerly been considered a subspecies of the common tody-flycatcher, which it resembles.
It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
Maracaibo tody-flycatcher
Birds of Venezuela
Endemic birds of Venezuela
Maracaibo tody-flycatcher
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
This is the list of cathedrals in Japan sorted by denomination.
Roman Catholic
Cathedrals of the Roman Catholic Church in Japan:
Cathedral Basilica of St. Francis Xavier (Kawaramachi Church) in Kyoto
Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Tamatsukuri Church) in Osaka
Cathedral of Christ the King (Niigata Church) in Niigata
Cathedral of the Immaculate Heart of Mary (Kainan Church) in Naha
Cathedral of Our Lady of Victory (Daimyomachi Church) in Fukuoka
Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption (Memorial Cathedral of World Peace) (Noboricho Church) in Hiroshima
Cathedral of the Sacred Heart (Yamate Church) in Yokohama
Cathedral of St. Mary of the Immaculate Conception (Sekiguchi) in Tokyo
Cathedral of Sts. Peter and Paul (Nunoike Church) in Nagoya
Cathedral of St. Theresa of the Child Jesus (Urawa Church) in Urawa
Immaculate Conception Cathedral (Urakami Church) in Nagasaki
Kitaichijo Cathedral Church in Sapporo
Motoderakoji Cathedral Church in Sendai
Sakuramachi Cathedral Church in Takamatsu
St. Francis Xavier Cathedral (Oita Church) in Oita
St. Francis Xavier Cathedral in Kagoshima
Eastern Orthodox
Japanese Orthodox cathedrals:
Holy Annunciation Cathedral in Kyoto
Holy Annunciation Cathedral in Sendai
Holy Resurrection Cathedral in Chiyoda, Tokyo
Anglican
Cathedrals of the Anglican Church in Japan:
Sapporo Christ Church (The Cathedral Church of Hokkaido) in Sapporo
Sendai Christian Association (Cathedral) in Sendai
St. Andrew's Cathedral, Tokyo
St Andrew's Cathedral in Yokohama
St. Matthew's Cathedral in Nagoya
Cathedral Church of St. Agnes in Kyoto
Kawaguchi Christ Church Cathedral in Osaka
St. Michael's Cathedral in Kobe
St. Paul's Cathedral in Fukuoka
Cathedral of St. Peter and St. Paul in Naha
St. Matthias' Cathedral in Maebashi
See also
List of cathedrals
Christianity in Japan
References
Cathedrals in Japan
Japan
Cathedrals
Cathedrals
Canoe & Kayak UK was a British canoeing magazine. It was primarily focused on sea, surf and whitewater paddling.
History
Canoe & Kayak UK was founded and published monthly in the UK from March 2001 by Gunn Publishing and bought out by Warners Group Publications plc in 2005.
</ref> under their Warners Midlands PLC subsidiary, as part of their outdoor and sporting stable.
Original regular features
The magazine had a number of features:
The Floater – A comment article from an anonymous contributor known only as "The Floater", much like The Stig of the paddling world. Their column is invariably comedic and their subjects of discourse range from swans to the Olympics.
Horizon Lines – The news section, mainly covering paddling news within Britain or of British boaters. Also included within these pages are:
RAC News – There is a column from Tamsin Phipps detailing the latest news about the Rivers Access Campaign or related to water access issues and government proceedings related to the issue.
Technobabble – A column with excerpts from the forum or website. These may often be photos which have been posted by users on the website, or a question which someone has asked on the forum.
EDCASE – A page written by Ed Smith, a leading whitewater and freestyle kayaker. Their column is often autobiographical and mainly concerned with the whitewater and freestyle scene within the UK.
Most Wanted – A multi page section with details of newly released kit, and clothing. There is generally a short opinion statement from the magazine testers but the equipment featured has not been tested robustly by the testing team.
The Toolbox – A regular feature written by Ross Montandon, the assistant editor of the magazine. It provides tips on successful and best practice coaching of canoeing and kayaking.
PyB – A section written each month by one of the top coaches at Plas y Brenin, the Welsh national outdoor centre. The article may be anything from rescue technique to a guide on what kit to take on a multi-day trip or expedition.
River Jabber – One of the longest running features, in this section a prominent canoeist is interviewed on the subject of their favourite river or place to paddle. The questions follow the same pattern each month, asking the best and worst experiences the paddler has had on the river.
CKUK Women – Written by Emily Wall, this is a special section dedicated to women and their involvement in the sport. It may be of a philosophical nature, or may feature women who have been very successful canoeists.
Club Scene – Each month members of the team travel to a Canoe Club in the UK, and attend one of their meetings.
Competition – Each month there is a competition for a piece of kit, often a kayak or newly released piece of clothing. The competitions are free to enter on-line or can be entered by post.
Gear Test – Each month the team test a number of pieces of canoeing gear. The use a large team of staff, so that they can give real opinions on how well the kit works for people of varying sizes and with different amounts of experience.
Nosebag – This section outlines a recipe which has been designed for cooking with minimal equipment, ideal for multi day trips.
In addition to the articles in the magazine the Canoe & Kayak website features a section of free articles posted monthly. These articles range from reviews of the latest gear to general how-to articles on getting started.
Local coverage
The magazine attended local canoeing events across the country, for example during September 2009, staff visited the Wychavon Kayak and Canoe Club for a pool session.
Social networks
The magazine had its own YouTube channel featuring watersports related video articles and tutorials, in addition to user submitted videos hosted on the magazine website.
They also have a Facebook page, where regular updates are posted of upcoming articles from the magazine.
Blog
The magazine website hosted a blog section that invited readers to contribute feedback on the magazine and their own articles on canoeing and kayaking locations and events. The site also hosts blogs from staff and official contributors to the magazine.
Forum
The magazine also had an internet forum in which the editor and writers regularly interact with the readership. Certain questions are posed on a monthly basis with select answers from forum members appearing in the magazine. Forum users can also request articles to be featured by the lead editor.
Competitions
The magazine ran regular competitions in which replying readers have a chance to win free watersport and other outdoor activity equipment.
Contributors
Olly Sanders
Jim Evans
Lucinda Manouch
Chris 'Air' Harvey
Tom Laws
Chris Wheeler
Ed Smith
References
External links
Warners Group Publications
Sports magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 2001
Monthly magazines published in the United Kingdom
2001 establishments in the United Kingdom
Mass media in Lincolnshire
Bircza () is a village in Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bircza. It lies approximately south-west of Przemyśl and south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów. The village has a population of 1,000.
Jewish community of Bircza
The earliest records of Jewish settlement in the area are from the Sixteenth Century. In the Nineteenth Century, the Jewish community grew to become about half the total size of area's residents. Initially, the community was part of the Dobromyl community, but by the second half of the Nineteenth Century, it became independent. Most of the Jews in Bircza belonged to Dynów Hassidism, but a minority followed the Sadigura rabbis.
During the conquest of the area by the Russian Empire in the First World War, Cossacks carried out attacks on the Jewish residents, including acts of robbery, rape, and murder. Many local Jews fled to escape the violence and, in the years between the wars, large numbers of the community's Jews emigrated, many to the United States. In the 1920s and 1930s, Zionist activity in Bircza increased, particularly in the form of youth groups affiliated with Beitar and ha-Noʿar ha-Tsiyyoni, ha-Shomer ha-Tsaʿir, and Aḥvah. During these years, the Jewish community numbered around 1,040 residents out of a total population of 1,930.
Following the outbreak of the Second World War, Bircza and its environs were part of Polish territory under Soviet control, but in June 1941, the Nazi Germans invaded and placed local control in the hands of the Ukrainian Auxiliary Police (Ukrainische Hilfspolizei), which quickly killed sixteen Jewish community notables.
Soon, various restrictions were placed upon the Jews of Bircza and its surrounding villages, including the requirement of wearing a yellow star of David and participating in forced labour, and much Jewish property was looted. Additionally, a Judenrat was established and commanded to transfer ransom payments, valuables, and furs to the Germans.
In July 1942, the German and Ukrainian police carried out a violent operation in which the Jews of the surrounding villages were brought to the market square and forced to bend on their knees for hours. A ghetto was established in the town, as all of Bircza's neighbouring villages were emptied of their Jewish population. Most of the Jews of Bircza were murdered in two operations, one on Kamienna Górka (‘Stony Hill') and a further 800 Jews in 1942 on Górze Wierzysko (Wierzysko Hill). Afterwards, the remaining Jews were marched thirty kilometres on foot to the ghetto of Przemyśl, from where they were transferred later to the Belzec extermination camp. One Polish family (Michał and Katarzyna Gierula) from the nearby village of Łodzinka Górna sheltered seven Jews in their barn, but after local residents discovered this, the German authorities killed the adults and their neighbour and the three remaining Jews on 01 January 1944. Their sacrifice was later recognised by Yad Vashem.
A cross was set up on Kamienna Górka and, in 2018, following an effort by Bircza high school students, a sign was placed at the location of the second (and larger) killing site on Górze Wierzysko. Following the Second World War, a Union of Bircza Survivors was active for some decades in Israel. By 2021, only one Holocaust survivor from Bircza and the last remaining Jew born in Bircza (residing now in Herzliyyah, Israel) remained alive in the world.
Notable residents of Bircza
Bircza was also the birthplace of Yov Boretsky and Jan Komski.
References
External links
Gmina Bircza official website
Bircza Online! virtual shtetl, genealogy, and research website
Villages in Przemyśl County
Shtetls
Holocaust locations in Poland
Fada () is the capital of the Ennedi-Ouest Region of Chad, which was created in 2012 from the western half of the Ennedi Region.
Lying in the Ennedi Plateau, it has a population of 23,786 (as of December 2005). It is known for the surrounding cave paintings and rock formations, while the Guelta d'Archei and a wood growing in a wadi are local attractions.
During the Toyota War in 1987, the town saw fighting during the Battle of Fada.
The town is served by Fada Airport.
History
Rock paintings and archaeological artifacts at nearby Guelta d'Archei, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, show evidence that humans occupied the area around 10,000 BCE during the African humid period.
Idriss Déby, a former military officer and president of Chad, was born in the village of Berdoba, about 190 kilometres from Fada. As a student, they attended the École-Francaise in studying the French language.
On 2 January 1987, during the Toyota War, Fada was the scene of a battle fought between Chad and the armed forces of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and the Democratic Revolutionary Council. The battle was marked as a turning point of the Chadian-Libyan conflict.
References
External links
Populated places in Chad
Ennedi-Ouest Region
Kennedy Bridge may refer to:
Kennedy Bridge (Austria), across the Vienna river in Vienna, Austria
Kennedy Bridge (Adana), crossing the Seyhan River in Adana, Turkey
Kennedy Bridge (Bonn), across the Rhine River in Bonn, Germany
Kennedy Bridge (Bremerhaven), across the Geeste in Bremerhaven, Germany
Kennedy Bridge, Bundaberg, a heritage-listed bridge across Bundaberg Creek, Queensland, Australia
Kennedy Bridge (Hamburg), across the Alster in Hamburg, Germany
Kennedy Bridge (Minnesota), in Mankato, Minnesota, United States
Kennedy Bridge (Niamey), the main crossing for the Niger River, in Niamey, Niger
Kennedy Bridge (Kimberton, Pennsylvania), in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States
See also
John F. Kennedy Bridge (Germany), across the Isar, in Munich, Germany
John F. Kennedy Boulevard Bridge, across the Schuylkill River in Pennsylvania, United States
John F. Kennedy Memorial Bridge across the Ohio River, connecting Louisville, Kentucky and Jeffersonville, Indiana, United States
Eastvale Bridge, officially known as the John F. Kennedy Memorial Bridge, across the Beaver River in Pennsylvania, United States
Abel's Island is a children's novel written and illustrated by William Steig. It won a Newbery Honor. It was published by Collin Publishers, Toronto, Ontario in 1976. It is a survival story about a mouse stranded on an island.
Plot summary
The story is set in the fictional town of Mossville, which is inhabited by civilized anthropomorphic animals, such as mice, rabbits, toads and so on. As the book begins, Abel, a mouse, is enjoying a picnic with their wife Amanda, but they are interrupted by a fierce rainstorm and are forced to take shelter in a cave nearby. The two are separated when Abel braves the storm to retrieve Amanda's scarf, blown away by a gust of wind. The storm washes Abel into a river and they are swept downstream until they are stranded on an island.
Abel attempts to escape the island several times, but fails, and finally realizes that they must survive on the island by himself. They find a log and makes it their home in the winter. To ease their loneliness, they create their family out of clay and talks to them. Poor Abel has to live through the hardest times, including battling an owl and surviving through a harsh winter.
Later in the novel, another stranded victim from the river, a frog named Gower, comes and befriends Abel. Later, they leaf promising that they will send for help when they get back home. However, weeks pass and no one comes. Gower either forgot (due to their lack of memory) or never made it back. Abel then decides to swim against the fierce river after the water level has dropped sufficiently. Abel eventually makes the hard trip back and returns to Mossville.
Animated feature
In 1988, Abel's Island was made into a 30-minute animated film Abel's Island, directed by Michael Sporn. Abel was voiced by Tim Curry, and Gower was voiced by Lionel Jeffries. In 1989, the movie won an Emmy Award for Most Outstanding Animated Film under an hour.
Setting
Two settings are:
Mossville, a fictional town inhabited by small, anthropomorphic swamp and forest animals.
The titular island in front of a waterfall in which Abel estimates to be "12,000 mouse tails long and 5,000 mouse tails wide".
Themes
Some of the major themes in Abel's Island include:
Survival: Although escaping from the island is Abel's first concern, they soon has to worry about finding food and shelter. They also need to stay on the lookout for predators.
Change: At the start of the story, Abel never has to work. Being stranded on an island in the middle of river forces them to change and expect more from himself.
Love: Abel often thinks about their wife Amanda, and they cling to the hope of seeing them again. Their clothes get rumpled and stained, but they take care of their wife's scarf and guards it until they can return it to them
Reception
Julia Whedon, writing for The New York Times, called Steig's story "more than rough melodrama." They praised the character's writing, admiring the Abel's ability to keep their "cool" while surviving with none of the things they were used to as a gentleman.
References
1976 American novels
American children's novels
Newbery Honor-winning works
Books by William Steig
Children's novels about animals
Novels set on islands
American novels adapted into films
1976 children's books
Nine Miles Down is a 2009 horror film based on the Well to Hell hoax, a widespread urban myth (spread mostly in the 1990s) that Russian scientists had drilled so deep that they had broken through into hell and recorded the screams of the damned emanating from the borehole. It was the last feature film credit for writer Everett de Roche. It is an international co-production between the UK, Hungary, and the US.
Plot
Thomas "Jack" Jackmann, an ex-police officer turned GNE security inspector, arrives at the Jevel Afra Drill site, a remote research station in the Central Sahara Desert during a sandstorm. None of the facility's 25 team members, led by Professor Borman, have been heard from in three days, so Jack is sent to check up on them. However, they instead find the facility abandoned with signs of struggle, cryptic messages scrawled on the walls in Arabic with blood, and even the remains of a ritual where a jackal was skinned and sacrificed. They call this in to their radio operator Kat at headquarters and sends photos of the writings to be translated. Unable to properly search the rest of the compound due to the storm, they investigate video recordings and discovers that the drill site was established by Borman to investigate a newly-detected air pocket nine miles below the surface. The scientists then began to exhibit signs of paranoia, causing Jack to also feel paranoid and experience a vivid hallucination while trying to sleep in their vehicle.
By morning, the storm has cleared and Jack searches the facility in earnest, meeting Dr. Jenny "JC" Christensen, seemingly the sole remaining member of the science team. They explain that Borman was murdered by the chief geologist and their body was stored in the refrigeration unit along with Dr. Varga who died of a heart attack. Jack calls in the deaths to GNE, but the police are tied up searching for the other missing scientists, and their boss Chief Caswell orders them to stay put in case anyone returns. JC, meanwhile, is anxious to leave, and Jack becomes suspicious, having not seen them in video or photos of the team. While they recover from hitting their head on a crane hook, they attempt to steal their vehicle but they have hidden the keys on their person. A call from Kat then reveals that one of the doctors, Ivanoff, was found alive and that JC did not appear on the crew roster, although JC themselves explains this with evidence that due to budget constraints not allowing segregated quarters, Borman falsified their name and gender.
JC recounts that, six days prior, the drill had broken through to the cavity and audio sensors on the drill picked up chilling audio of what sounded like human screams. Fearing they had broken through to Hell itself, the crew then began to hallucinate seeing dead loved ones, resulting in panic and even violent behavior. At this point, Jack has also begun to see things and act nervous. The two begin to develop a strong attraction to each other while watching the sunset over the desert and they share dinner to celebrate Jack's birthday. They then reveals the severe trauma they deal with after their wife Susan killed themselves and their two children six years before over suspicions of them having an affair. Heartbroken, they quit working as a police officer and took the remote work in the desert to try and find peace with himself. To comfort him, Jack and JC sleep together, but their hallucinations worsen due to their resurfaced trauma.
In their nightmares, Jack begins to suspect that JC is not human and fears for their life and sanity. Arming himself, they discover human remains in the site's cesspit and, in a panic, attacks JC in the shower. They try to subdue them but Jack locks themselves in Borman's office and finds a hidden recording of the Professor feverishly explaining that the Devil itself had been released, further convincing Jack that JC is dangerous. Finding them in the kitchen carving meat, their persona has become that of the Devil and convinces them to sell their soul. In reality, they are merely playing along with their delusions in a ploy to get their car keys so they can drive them to get help. Jack finds themselves reliving the day of the murder-suicide and wounds JC with a screwdriver before setting the facility on fire. Just then a GNE rescue team arrives and subdues Jack, evacuating them both to a hospital via helicopter before the facility explodes.
Jack's superiors Caswell and Inspector Khaled later back up JC's story and presence on the expedition, explaining that the rescued Ivanoff had a sample of a kind of toxic gas released from the underground cavity by the drill. Inhalation of the gas caused the afflicted to lose the ability to differentiate between reality, memory, and imagination, causing irrational behavior in the scientists as well as Jack. JC, meanwhile, was less affected because their quarters were separate from the main compound. The remaining scientists are still missing and presumed dead, having scattered into the desert. Despite these revelations, Jack's paranoia about JC being the Devil quickly resurfaces, and they steal a handgun and tries to kill them before being stopped by their coworker Alex. Their sanity truly broken, Jack finally gives in to their despair and the film ends as they commit suicide to the laughter of their dead wife.
Cast
Production
Val Kilmer was in talks to star in May 2002. Production ended in May 2008.
Reception
Mark L. Miller of Ain't It Cool News called it "a devilishly pleasant surprise" that fulfills its promising concept.
References
External links
2009 films
2009 horror films
American horror films
British horror films
Hungarian horror films
English-language Hungarian films
Films based on urban legends
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
2000s British films
The Immigration Act, 1869 (also written as the Immigration Act of 1869; assented 22 June 1869) was the first immigration act passed by the Government of Canada after Canadian Confederation (1 July 1867).
Background
The British colonies of Canada, Nova Scotia, and New Brunswick were united into one Dominion of Canada on 1 July 1867. Sir John Alexander Macdonald became the first Prime Minister of the new Dominion.
At the time, the Canadian government was concerned about expansionist impulses of Canada's southern neighbor, the United States, and sought to increase the population and economic prosperity of Canada to be able to reduce the associated risks. Increasing the population density and development of the Canadian West was considered a strategy for doing so, as the West was seen as a rich source of natural resources and fertile lands. Settling the West would provide new markets for the output of industrial manufacturing in the East. Encouraging immigration and the settlement of immigrants in the West was seen as one strategy for growing the West. One of the big challenges for Canada was that although a lot of people entered the country, most of them did so only in transit to the United States, so Canada did not see much settlement.
The Immigration Act of 1869 was intended to encourage immigrants to settle the Canadian West, as well as re-enacting controls previously enacted by the British North American colonies. (Responsibility for legislating the controls had shifted from the former colonies to the Dominion as a result of the Canadian Confederation in 1867.)
Provisions
The Immigration Act of 1869 had provisions dealing with establishment of immigration offices, duties payable on immigrants, condition of travel and reporting requirements, duties of quarantine officers, pauper immigrants, passenger protection, and recovery of duties and penalties.
Establishment of immigration offices: Immigration offices were to be established in London, England, as well as elsewhere in the United Kingdom and in various parts of Canada.
Duty payable on immigrants: A duty of one dollar was imposed for immigrants arriving in any port of Canada from any port of the United Kingdom or elsewhere in Europe.
Regulations on the conditions of travel: All vessels were required to meet specific regulations on the conditions of travel, specifically at most one adult passenger for every two tons of tonnage. A penalty of between 8 and 20 dollars would be assessed for each passenger in excess of the limit.
Reporting and other requirements of master of the vessel: The master of the vessel was required to submit to the Collector of Customs, within 24 hours of arrival, a list of all the passengers who boarded the vessel, along with various details. The master was also required to not let passengers leave until this list had been delivered. Passengers who left the vessel before departing the vessel still needed to be included on the list, along with information that they departed before landing in Canada.
Special duties of quarantine officers: In accordance with the Quarantine and Health Act of 1868, the Medical Superintendent at the Quarantine Station at the port of entry, or a person appointed by the superintendent, was to examine all landing passengers to find any "Lunatic, Idiotic, Deaf and Dumb, Blind or Infirm Person" not belonging to an immigrant family, or anybody else deemed likely to permanently become a public charge. If such passengers were found, the master of the ship would be required to post a bond for 300 dollars as surety for the passenger in order for the passenger to be allowed into Canada.
Pauper immigrants: The Act allowed for the landing of pauper immigrants to be prohibited by proclamation of the Governor, and allowed the Governor to temporarily detain such immigrants in the ship they had landed in.
Passenger protection: The master of the ship was required to allow passengers to stay for up to 48 hours on the ship after landing, with a penalty of up to 20 dollars for requiring the passenger to vacate before that time. Further, the master of the ship was required to return all the passenger's luggage to the passenger within that time. Some provisions on the time of day for the luggage hand-off were also included.
Recovery of duties and penalties: Information was included in the Act on how the duties and penalties imposed on the master of the ship were to be paid, and how disputes around these could be settled.
Monies levied and expended: The money for carrying out the provisions of the Act was to come from money periodically provided by Parliament for the purpose. The money levied would be paid out by the Collector of Customs (who would receive it) to the Receiver General, to form part of the Consolidated Revenue Fund of Canada.
See also
Steerage Act of 1819, a similar first legislation in the United States, with a focus on regulating conditions of travel and requiring the submission of information on the people on board the ship
Carriage of Passengers Act of 1855, a similar legislation in the United States
References
External links
Canada Immigration
Canadian immigration law
The Maritime Mobile Service Q Codes are art of a larger set of Q Codes designated by the ITU-R. The QOA–QQZ code range is reserved for the Maritime Mobile Service.
This assignment is specified in RECOMMENDATION ITU-R M.1172.
Q signals are no longer substantially used in the maritime service. Morse code is now very rarely used for maritime communications, but in isolated maritime regions like Antarctica and the South Pacific the use of Q Codes continues. Q Codes still work when HF voice circuits are not possible due to atmospherics and the nearest vessel is one ionospheric hop away.
From ITU Radio Regulations 1990, Appendix 14: Miscellaneous Abbreviations and Signals to Be Used for Radiocommunications in the Maritime Mobile Service.
Amateur radio
Operating signals
Henry Palmer (24 January 1741 – 12 April 1801) was an Anglican priest in the late eighteenth century, who died in the first year of the 19th.
Palmer was born in County Longford. They entered Trinity College, Dublin in 1776 and graduated B.A. in 1761 and M.A. in 1764. They were appointed Archdeacon of Ossory in 1772, holding the position until their death. Palmer was also Precentor of Lismore Cathedral from 1782 to 1797.
References
Archdeacons of Ossory
1741 births
1801 deaths
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
People from County Longford
The 1940 Glasgow Pollok by-election was held on 30 April 1940 in the Glasgow Pollok constituency of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. The election was caused by the death of the previous MP, Sir John Gilmour.
As with other by-elections in the war period, the incumbent party was given a clear run by the other major parties.
It was won by Thomas Galbraith of the Unionist Party (Scotland). Their only opponent came from a local Labour party -
which had been disaffiliated by the party's National Executive Committee for breaking the electoral truce - and stood as an Independent Labour candidate.
References
1940 elections in the United Kingdom
1940 in Scotland
1940s elections in Scotland
1940s in Glasgow
April 1940 events
By-elections to the Parliament of the United Kingdom in Glasgow constituencies
Bellator 284: Gracie vs. Yamauchi was a mixed martial arts event produced by Bellator MMA that took place on August 12, 2022, at Sanford Pentagon in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, United States.
Background
The main event will feature a battle of submission specialists, with Neiman Gracie taking on Goiti Yamauchi. In their last bout, Neiman fought a five-round war against Logan Storley, where they lost the close bout via split decision. Yamauchi has won back-to-back fights, winning their debut at welterweight against Levan Chokheli in their last bout.
A bantamweight bout between Josh Hill and Matheus Mattos was scheduled for this event. However, Mattos pulled out due to a knee injury requiring knee surgery and was replaced by Marcos Breno.
A featherweight bout between Ilias Bulaid and Weber Almeida was scheduled to this event. However in July, the bout was scrapped due to unknown reasons.
A bantamweight bout between Sarvadzhon Khamidov and Jared Scoggins was scheduled for this event. However, the bout was scrapped for unknown reasons
A middleweight bout between Austin Vanderford and Anthony Adams was scheduled for this event. However after Adams pulled out of the bout 2 weeks before the event, Aaron Jeffery stepped in on short notice.
At weigh ins, three fighters missed weight; Ilima-Lei Macfarlane, who was three pounds over the division non-title fight limit at 129 lbs, Justine Kish who came in at 128.4 lbs for their flyweight bout, and Nick Perez who came in at 157.4 lbs for their lightweight bout. Macfarlane and Kish were fined a percentage of their purses and the bouts continued at catchweights, while Perez's bout against Isaiah Hokit was scrapped.
Results
See also
2022 in Bellator MMA
List of Bellator MMA events
List of current Bellator fighters
Bellator MMA Rankings
References
Bellator MMA events
2022 in mixed martial arts
August 2022 sports events in the United States
2022 in sports in South Dakota
Mixed martial arts in South Dakota
Sports competitions in South Dakota
Sports in Sioux Falls, South Dakota
Scheduled mixed martial arts events
Qasr Bayir () is a desert castle built in 743 CE by Prince Walid bin Yazid. It is found in the desert of Jordan and it was destroyed in 1931.
History
In 743, during the Umayyad period, the future caliph Al-Walid II had the castle built in what is today the Jordanian badiya (desert). The structure was 70 meters long and was built of large sandstone blocks. It was destroyed in 1931 by Beake Pasha and the stone blocks were used to construct an Arab Legion outpost.
References
Further reading
External Links
Photos of Bayir at the American Center of Research
Umayyad palaces
8th-century establishments in the Umayyad Caliphate
Tourist attractions in Jordan
Buildings and structures in Jordan
The Carson–Newman Eagles are the athletic teams that represent the Carson–Newman University (formerly Carson–Newman College), located in Jefferson City, Tennessee, in NCAA Division II intercollegiate sports. The Eagles compete as members of the South Atlantic Conference for all 19 varsity sports.
Carson–Newman has been a member of the SAC since 1975, when the league was still part of the NAIA.
History
The Eagles previously competed in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) as members of the Smoky Mountain Conference, the Volunteer State Athletic Conference (VCAC), and later its successor, the Tennessee Valley Athletic Conference (TVAC). The football team joined the SAC in 1975 when it was still a football-only conference known as SAC-8.
Varsity teams
List of teams
Men's sports
Baseball
Basketball
Cross-country
Football
Golf
Soccer
Swimming
Tennis
Track and field
Women's sports
Basketball
Beach volleyball
Cross-country
Golf
Soccer
Softball
Swimming
Tennis
Track and field
Volleyball
National championships
Team
Facilities
The college's athletic facilities include Roy Harmon Field at Burke–Tarr Stadium, the Ken Sparks Athletic Complex, McCown Soccer Field, the Silver Diamond Baseball Complex, six tennis courts, a softball complex, Holt Fieldhouse, and Butler-Blanc Gymnasium.
Individual teams
Baseball
In 2007, the C-N baseball team won the South Atlantic Conference Tournament after defeating Tusculum College, who had won more than 20 games in a row, twice in one day. The team traveled to Tampa, Florida, to compete in the NCAA Division II Regional Tournament. The baseball team returned to Tampa for the NCAA Regional Tournament in 2008 after receiving an at-large bid and finished third, again eliminating Tusculum College.
Football
In 2009, the C-N football team won the NCAA Division II South Regional Championship in Florence, Alabama to advance to the Final Four. Football coach Ken Sparks, a graduate of the school, coached the team from 1980 to 2016 and ranked fourth in most wins among NCAA coaches upon their retirement. Its current coach is Mike Clowney.
Men's Soccer
The men's soccer team appeared in the final game of the 2013 NCAA Division II Men's Soccer Championship. They were defeated 2–1 by Southern New Hampshire University.
References
External links
Olha Vasylivna Korobka (; born December 7, 1985 Bobrovytsia, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian weightlifter who was the European record holder in the snatch with 133 kg, and in the clean and jerk with 164 kg.
Career
Korobka ranked 7th in the women's over 75 kg category at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
On April 18, 2008, Korobka won their third straight European championship overall title in the women's over 75 kg category by lifting 277 kg in total (127 kg in the snatch, 150 kg in the clean and jerk).
At the 2008 Summer Olympics they initially won the silver medal in the +75 kg category, with a total of 277 kg. At a height of 1.81m (5' 11") and a weight of 167 kg (368 lbs), they were the heaviest female competitor at the Games.
Korobka won silver medal as superweight in the 2010 European Championship, at a bodyweight of 170 kg. (373 lb.). In February 2012, they were banned for four years for doping, being suspended until November 2015. They had failed a drugs test after the 2011 World Weightlifting Championships, where they won three bronze medals.
In 2016, they were stripped of their 2008 Olympic medal after a retest of their doping sample tested positive for steroids.
References
External links
at beijing2008
1985 births
Living people
Ukrainian female weightlifters
Olympic weightlifters of Ukraine
Weightlifters at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Weightlifters at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Competitors stripped of Summer Olympics medals
Doping cases in weightlifting
Ukrainian sportspeople in doping cases
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
World Weightlifting Championships medalists
Sportspeople from Chernihiv Oblast
Seun Omojola (born as Oluwaseun Omolara Omojola) is Nigerian singer, songwriter and actor. They have used Vilara as their stage name but decided to stick to their real name Seun Omojola. Them music debut single ‘Mo fe bae lo' was released in March 2012. Since starting acting in 2003, they have featured in over 20 Nollywood and Yoruba movies.  They are also known for their big breasts.
In 2016 they starred opposite Joke Jigan, Jaiye Kuti and Temitayo Adeniyi in Taloniro, which was unveiled at the London Film Academy in January. Later in the year they appeared opposite Frederick Leonard, Bolanle Ninalowo and Esther Audu in Unjustified.
References
Living people
Nigerian singer-songwriters
21st-century Nigerian actores
Year of birth missing (living people)
Nigerian women singers
Nigerian songwriters
Nigerian film actores
Yoruba actores
Chattahoochee County, also known as Cusseta-Chattahoochee County, is a county located on the western border in central Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 11,267. The county seat is Cusseta, with which the county shares a consolidated city-county government. The city of Cusseta remains a geographically distinct municipality within Chattahoochee County. The county was created on February 13, 1854.
Chattahoochee County is included in the Columbus, GA-AL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
This area was occupied by the historic Muscogee people (also known as the Creek) at the time of European encounter. They had a large confederacy in the Southeast. They were among the Five Civilized Tribes who were forcibly removed to Indian Territory in the 1830s during the administration of President Andrew Jackson. European Americans moved into their former areas, in some cases acquiring land through lotteries run by the state.
The Georgia General Assembly created Chattahoochee County on February 13, 1854, from portions of Muscogee and Marion counties. It is named for the Chattahoochee River that forms its western boundary. The county seat was named Cusseta to commemorate the historic Creek Indian town of that name that long existed nearby. In 2004–2005, the U.S. Census Bureau reported a 6.2% population decline, making this county at the top of those nationally with shrinking populations.
The original courthouse, built in 1854 by enslaved African Americans, is preserved at the tourist attraction of Westville in Columbus, Georgia.
Since 1918, most of the land in Chattahoochee County has been part of the Fort Benning military reservation.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.0%) is water.
The vast majority of Chattahoochee County is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Walter F. George Lake subbasin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The very small southeastern corner of the county is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee subbasin of the same larger ACF Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 280
State Route 1
State Route 26
State Route 355
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Muscogee County (north)
Talbot County (northeast)
Marion County (east)
Stewart County (south)
Russell County, Alabama (which is west of the border of Central Standard Time border except for Phenix City, Alabama, a part of the Columbus Metropolitan Area)
Demographics
The county population has declined by more than half since its peak in 1970. People have left for job opportunities elsewhere.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States Census, there were 9,565 people, 2,570 households, and 1,886 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 11,267 people, 2,686 households, and 2,067 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 3,376 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 68.8% white, 18.8% black or African American, 2.2% Asian, 0.7% American Indian, 0.6% Pacific islander, 4.4% from other races, and 4.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 12.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 17.5% were German, 14.9% were Irish, 10.1% were English, 6.8% were Italian, and 3.1% were American.
Of the 2,686 households, 53.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.0% were married couples living together, 16.2% had a female householder with no husband present, 23.0% were non-families, and 19.1% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.98 and the average family size was 3.45. The median age was 24.0 years. Although its population has declined, the county was notable in 2016 for having the highest proportion of millennials (persons 15–34 years old) of any county within the United States: 59.7%.
The median income for a household in the county was $51,089 and the median income for a family was $55,745. Males had a median income of $41,117 versus $31,422 for females. The per capita income for the county was $22,202. About 14.7% of families and 15.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.4% of those under age 18 and 30.7% of those age 65 or over.
Education
The Chattahoochee County School District holds pre-school to grade twelve, and consists of one elementary school, a middle school, and a high school. The district has 85 full-time teachers and over 1000 students.
Chattahoochee County Education Center
Chattahoochee County Middle School
Chattahoochee County High School
All parts of the county except Fort Benning are zoned to county schools for all grades. Fort Benning children are zoned to Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA) schools for grades K-8. However Fort Benning high school students attend the public high schools in the respective counties they are located in.
Politics
Communities
Cities
Cusseta
Former census-designated places
Fort Benning South (now part of Cusseta)
Unincorporated communities
Ida Vesper
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Chattahoochee County, Georgia
References
External links
Columbus Enquirer archive at Digital Library of Georgia
Chattahoochee County historical marker
1854 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Georgia placenames of Native American origin
Columbus metropolitan area, Georgia
Populated places established in 1854
Sylvie Fortier (born July 31, 1958) is a Canadian former synchronized swimmer. They won medals in Canadian provincial and national competitions, at the World Aquatics Championships, the Pan American Games and the Pan Pacific Games. Fortier was named the 1976 world champion in synchronized swimming for their achievements that year and was a torch bearer for the opening ceremony of the Montreal Summer Olympics. They retired in 1977 aged just 18. Fortier is an inductee of Canada's Sports Hall of Fame and the Aquatics Hall of Fame.
Personal background and early career
On July 31, 1958, Fortier was born in Quebec City, Quebec. They took up swimming with the successful Synchro Élite du Québec club in 1968, and they and their teammates were coached by Suzanne Eon.
Career
As a member of the seven-swimmer Canadian squad, Fortier won the silver medal in the synchronized swimming team competition at the 1971 Pan American Games. Them team claimed the gold medal in provincial competition, and won two gold medals in the figures and solo disciplines at the national championships in 1973. In May 1974, Fortier won the gold medal in each of the open and closed solo (with their partner Linda Bedard) competitions of that year's Canadian Senior Synchronized Swimming Championships. They traveled to Ottawa to compete in the 1974 World Invitational Solo Synchronized Swimming Championships as part of the Pan Pacific Games held at the Nepean Sportsplex that September. Fortier took the silver medal in both the figure and team events.
They continued to attain success in 1975. At the Central Canada Regional Synchronized Swimming Championship held at the Brewer Centennial Pool in April of that year, Fortier won gold medals in each of their events. They went on to clinch the gold medal in the solo competition at the Senior Canadian Synchronized Swimming Championships later that year. At the 1975 World Aquatics Championships in Cali, Fortier finished second for the solo event silver medal in the synchonrized swimming discipline. They also took the silver medal in the team event at the same competition. Fortier went on to take another solo silver medal in the synchronized swimming competition at the 1975 Pan American Games in Mexico City.
In 1976, they would continue their run of achievements. Fortier teamed up with Bedard and held off Nancy Good and Helen Vanderburg of the Calgary Aquabelles to win the gold medal in the closed and open events of the Canadian Senior National Synchronized Swimming Championships for the third year in a row that May. They also added victories in the provincial events. Fortier was one of 190 eligible athletes deemed suitable to receive federal aid after a process of nomination and evaluation by Sport Canada. Fortier served as a torch bearer for the 1976 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Montreal. At the 1976 Scandinavian Open Synchronized Swimming Championships in Nässjö that August, they won both the solo and figures events for a duo of gold medals. Fortier traveled to Japan the following month and won the solo discipline against American outdoor champion Robin Curren at the Pan Pacific Games. They were named synchronized swimming's world champion following their achievements in 1976.
Fortier announced their retirement from active competition at age 18 in February 1977. They said in an interview that they were happy with what they had achieved throughout their career and wanted to pursue other activities.
Accolades
At the Sports Federations of Canada awards banquet in January 1976, Fortier was named the top junior athlete "for their prowess in synchronized swimming." They were inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in the athletes category in 1977. The following year, they were inducted into the Aquatics Hall of Fame. The Sylvie Fortier Award was named after the synchronized swimmer and was first presented in 1984. The accolade is presented by Canada Artistic Swimming to the province "for the best membership growth percentage in the sport of Artistic Swimming."
References
1958 births
Living people
Swimmers from Quebec City
Canadian synchronized swimmers
20th-century Canadian women
21st-century Canadian women
Synchronized swimmers at the 1971 Pan American Games
Synchronized swimmers at the 1975 Pan American Games
Pan American Games medalists in synchronized swimming
World Aquatics Championships medalists in synchronised swimming
Pan American Games silver medalists for Canada
Medalists at the 1971 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1975 Pan American Games
Rodrigo Antônio do Nascimento (born 27 July 1987) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Berço.
Career
Born in Rio de Janeiro, Antônio is a youth prospect of CR Vasco da Gama, debuting for the club in 2006 in the top tier. On 29 December 2008, they made their first moved abroad, joining Marítimo in the Portuguese league. They debuted on 1 February 2009, in an away win against Associação Naval 1º de Maio.
After two seasons, which included a passage for their reserve team, Antônio returned to Brazil and signed a loan deal with Ipatinga on 28 July 2010. The following year, they moved to Belenenses on the same predicament.
On 1 July 2013, Antônio joined Paços de Ferreira, adding eleven caps in their first year, and spending their second year, loaned to Olhanense, with Ricardo Ferreira going in the opposite direction, also in a loan deal.
On 9 February 2017, Antônio signed for Irtysh Pavlodar of the Kazakhstan Premier League. After leaving Irtysh Pavlodar at the end of the 2017 season, Antônio re-signed for Irtysh Pavlodar on 24 July 2018.
References
External links
1987 births
Living people
Footballers from Rio de Janeiro (city)
Brazilian footballers
Association football midfielders
CR Vasco da Gama players
C.S. Marítimo players
Ipatinga Futebol Clube players
C.F. Os Belenenses players
F.C. Paços de Ferreira players
S.C. Olhanense players
Bnei Sakhnin F.C. players
FC Irtysh Pavlodar players
S.C. Covilhã players
Berço SC players
Primeira Liga players
Liga Portugal 2 players
Israeli Premier League players
Brazilian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Portugal
Expatriate footballers in Israel
Expatriate footballers in Kazakhstan
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Portugal
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Israel
Brazilian expatriate sportspeople in Kazakhstan
Kalamkhvaran (, also Romanized as Kalamkhvārān; also known as Kalameh Khūrān, Kalameh Khvārān, Kalamkhārān, and Kalman Khvārān) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 697, in 189 families.
References
Populated places in Isfahan County
Zürich Wilderness Park () is a wilderness park near the city of Zürich in Switzerland. It includes the Sihlwald forest, the largest mixed deciduous and coniferous forest in the Swiss Mittelland, and the Langenberg Wildlife Park, the oldest Swiss wildlife park. Both sites are situated in the Sihl Valley to the south of Zürich, but are separated from each other by the town of Langnau am Albis.
History
The city of Zürich received the Sihl forest, or Sihlwald, as a gift in 1309 from the Hapsburgers and again in 1524 through the dissolution of the Fraumünster convent. Over the following centuries, the forest provided Zürich with timber and firewood. However, the trees have not been felled since the 1990s; this is due to the actions of forest director Andreas Speich, in order to preserve the forest's unique composition.
In 1869, Langenberg Wildlife Park was founded by the city forester Carl Anton Ludwig von Orelli.
On August 28, 2009, the Federal Office for the Environment (FOEN) declared the Sihl forest a "regional nature park of national importance". The protection of Sihl forest was established through a forest reserve agreement in 2007 and a cantonal Protection Ordinance in 2008.
The Zürich Wilderness Park was formed in 2009, by the merger of the Langenberg Wildlife Park and the Sihlwald forest. Today, the park welcomes more than half a million yearly visitors, who are encouraged to barbecue, hike, cycle, and even ride horseback through the park, as well as visit its museum and attend various outdoor events.
Sites
The Zürich Wilderness Park comprises two disconnected sites:
The Langenberg Wildlife Park, a zoo situated in the municipality of Langnau am Albis some south of Zürich. Langenberg is home to a zoo with 16 native or formerly native animals such as bears, beavers, elk, hare, lynxes, wild boar, wolves, European bison and Przewalski's horse.
The Sihlwald forest, largely situated in the municipality of Horgen but also spreading into several adjoining municipalities. It is situated on both banks of the Sihl river, although mostly on the western slopes rising up to the Albis hills. The forest covers approximately and is between and south of Zürich. It is the only Swiss peri-urban nature reserve, and consists of mostly beech trees, some of which are up to 250 years old. The majority of the trees are about 120 years old.
Both sites can be reached via rail service S4 of the Zurich S-Bahn, using Wildpark-Höfli station for the Langenberg Wildlife Park and Sihlwald station for the Sihlwald forest.
See also
Nature parks in Switzerland
References
External links
Wildnispark Zürich web site (in German)
Protected areas of Switzerland
Geography of the canton of Zürich
Sihl
2009 establishments in Switzerland
The War Is Over is the third studio album by American Christian musician Josh Baldwin. The album was released on May 26, 2017, by Bethel Music, the album being their first solo release with the label. Bobby Strand produced the album.
Background
After joining the Bethel Music collective in 2014, Josh Baldwin and their family moved from North Carolina to Redding, California, in August 2015. This cross-country move is cited as having influenced the album's creative direction due to the blending of sonic elements which reflect Baldwin's Southern origins and their placement in Bethel Music and Redding.
Promotion
The earliest mention of The War Is Over dates as far back as March 2017 when announcements on Christian digital outlets Cross Rhythms and Louder Than The Music that the album will be released via Bethel Music on May 26.
On May 5, 2017, Bethel Music announced the pre-order of the album, having made three tracks and one music video available as pre-order singles prior to the album's release, the songs were "Get Your Hopes Up", "Endlessly" and "The War Is Over" and the music video of "Abraham". A press release to affirm the album's launch date as well as its full track listing via The Media Collective was issued on May 9, 2017.
To further promote the album, on May 19, 2017, a free exclusive stream of the album was made available on WorshipU, Bethel Music's online worship school, also prior to the album's release.
Singles
"Get Your Hopes Up" was released on May 26, 2017, as the lead single from the album. The song impacted Christian radio on June 30, 2017.
Critical reception
Kevin Sparkman of CCM Magazine rated the album four stars out of five, saying that the songs are "the blend feels organic, and the album expectedly swells with the rich textures of electric guitars and strings we've come to love." Indicating in a four-point-three star review at The Christian Beat, Madeleine Dittmer states, "The War Is Over is all about the journey. Baldwin reminds listeners that they always walk with Christ in the unfamiliar territory they must cross. Rooted in scripture and rich personal experiences, the album is perfect for anyone who finds themselves needing some encouragement in a spiritual or physical journey." Christian music critic Jay Wright, in a review on their website, Jay's Musik Blog, also published on Louder Than The Music, rated the album four and a half out of five [stars], emphatically concluding "As a big fan of this kind of worship, I believe The War is Over is one of Bethel Music's finest releases to date!" NewReleaseToday's Kevin Davis bestowed the album a four-star rating, saying "The War is Over is a completely worshipful album, loaded with biblical truth and sincere and soothing vocals. The album is sonically and lyrically refreshing. God is exalted and the depth of Their love is celebrated in every single song. This is truly soul-nourishing worship." Kelly Meade, reviewing the album for Today's Christian Entertainment whilst rating it four stars, "The War is Over is a solid album that will be a welcome addition to your music library."
Commercial performance
In the week ending June 1, 2017 saw the sale of 3,000 equivalent album units of The War Is Over, becoming Josh Baldwin's maiden appearance on Billboard's Christian Albums chart, peaking at No. 2.
Track listing
Charts
Release history
References
2017 albums
Josh Baldwin albums
Smt. Suryakanta Vyas affectionately known as "Jiji", is a prominent figure of the Pushkarna Brahmin community in Rajasthan. Jiji is current Member of the Legislative Assembly of Bharatiya Janata Party from Soorsagar constituency of Jodhpur.  They are serving for the third time from this constituency, defeating Prof. Aiyub Khan of INC in 2018 by over 5000 votes. They won by a record margin in 2013. They contested election for the first time from Jodhpur's (Old City) constituency in year 1990 and won comprehensively thrice in 1990, 1993 and 2003 before contesting from Soorsagar in 2008. They have an impressive record of being 6 time MLA from the 7 elections they have contested.
"Jiji" was born in Kalla family and their father, Late Shri Fatehraj Ji Kalla was Police Inspector. They got married at an early age of 12 and their husband, Late Shri Uma Shankar Ji Vyas was Supply officer. They joined Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh in 1960 & held a no. of honorable posts such as President of Female wing, BJP. They volunteered arrest & went to Jail to protest against injustice during Doda Satyagraha Movement (1994). They also led the female wing for 'Ramjanma-bhumi' movement & went to Kashmir for 'Flag hoisting yatra' (1994). They have been honored a number of times for rendering services for development of society.  They are one of the most popular faces in Jodhpur & Rajasthan assembly. Known for their oratory skills, they were also elected as the best MLA in the assembly for the year 2012.
References
rajassembly website
People from Jodhpur
Rajasthan MLAs 2013–2018
1938 births
Women members of the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly
Living people
Rajasthan MLAs 1990–1992
Rajasthan MLAs 1993–1998
Rajasthan MLAs 2003–2008
Rajasthan MLAs 2008–2013
21st-century Indian women politicians
21st-century Indian politicians
20th-century Indian women politicians
20th-century Indian politicians
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Rajasthan
Morocco competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.
Results by event
Athletics
Men's 800 metres
M'Hamad Amakdouf
Heat — DNS (→ did not advance)
Men's 1500 metres
M'Hamad Amakdouf
Heat — 3:48.4 (→ did not advance)
Men's 5000 metres
Jadour Haddou
Heat — DNS (→ did not advance)
Boxing
Men's Flyweight (– 51 kg)
Ali Ouabbou
First Round — Bye
Second Round — Lost to Chris Ius (CAN), 2:3
Football
Men's Team Competition
First Round (Group A)
Drew with the United States (0-0)
Lost to West Germany (0-3)
Defeated Malaysia (6-0)
Second Round (Group 2)
Lost to the Soviet Union (0-3)
Lost to Denmark (1-3)
Lost to Poland (0-5) → did not advance, 8th place over-all
Team Roster
Mohamed Hazzaz
Ahmed Belkorchi
Boujemaâ Benkhrif
Khalifa Elbakhti
Mohamed Elfilali
Ahmed Faras
Abdelmajid Hadry
Mohamed Hazzaz
Larbi Ihardane
Abdelfattah Jafri
Abdellah Lamrani
Mohamed Merzaq
Ahmed Tati Mohamed
Ghazouani Mouhoub
Ahmed Najah
Abdallah Tazi
Mustapha Yaghcha
Abdelali Zahraoui
References
Official Olympic Reports
Nations at the 1972 Summer Olympics
1972 Summer Olympics
1972 in Moroccan sport
The men's 20 kilometres walk event at the 2010 Asian Games was held in Aoti Main Stadium, Guangzhou, China on 21 November.
Schedule
All times are China Standard Time (UTC+08:00)
Records
Results
Legend
DSQ — Disqualified
References
Results
Athletics at the 2010 Asian Games
2010
Kırha is a village in the District of Bolu, Bolu Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 137 people.
References
Villages in Bolu District
Leavesden may mean:
Leavesden, Hertfordshire, an area of Watford, Hertfordshire, England
Leavesden Aerodrome, a former airfield in Leavesden, Herts.
Warner Bros. Studios, Leavesden, a film and media complex owned by Warner Bros. on the site of the former Rolls-Royce factory at Leavesden Aerodrome
Leavesden Hospital, on the outskirts of Abbots Langley, England
NGC 503, also occasionally referred to as PGC 5086 or GC 5169, is an elliptical galaxy in the constellation Pisces. It is located approximately 265 million light-years from the Solar System and was discovered on 13 August 1863 by German astronomer Heinrich Louis d'Arrest.
Observation history
Arrest discovered NGC 503 using an 11" reflecting telescope in Copenhagen. Their position matches perfectly with PGC 5086. At the time of discovery, they considered the possibility of having observed one of William Herschels discoveries (NGC 495, 496, 499). John Louis Emil Dreyer, creator of the New General Catalogue, described the galaxy as "extremely faint, extremely small" with a "double star 4 arcmin to southwest".
See also
Elliptical galaxy
List of NGC objects (1–1000)
Pisces (constellation)
References
External links
SEDS
Lenticular galaxies
Pisces (constellation)
0503
5086
Astronomical objects discovered in 1863
Discoveries by Heinrich Louis d'Arrest
Vidhi Thanna Vilakku is a 1962 Indian Malayalam film, directed by S. S. Rajan and produced by Guruvayoorappan Pictures. The film stars Sathyan, Ragini, Sukumari and Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai in the lead roles. The film had musical score by V. Dakshinamoorthy.
Cast
Sathyan
Ragini
Sukumari
Muthukulam Raghavan Pillai
Ramesh
Sebastian Kunjukunju Bhagavathar
Bahadoor
Chandni
GK Pillai
Rajam
S. P. Pillai
Soundtrack
The music was composed by V. Dakshinamoorthy and lyrics were written by P. Bhaskaran and Abhayadev.
References
External links
1962 films
1960s Malayalam-language films
Larry Anderson is an American basketball coach for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Anderson was born in Macon, Mississippi, one of fourteen full brothers and sisters, in addition to six half brothers and sisters. They attended Noxubee County High School, then East Mississippi Community College in Scooba, Mississippi and Rust College in Holly Springs, Mississippi. After graduating from Rust, they stayed for seven years, initially serving as director of student activities and assistant basketball coach, and later than associate athletic director. In 1995, they became the head coach of the MIT Engineers. They have won more games than any other coach in MIT history. Anderson's 2009 team was the first at MIT to make the NCAA tournament. Their teams at MIT have made it to the NCAA Division III national tournament in eight of the last ten years. In 2009, Anderson was inducted into the New England Basketball Hall of Fame.
Anderson is a member of the board of trustees of Rust College.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Basketball coaches from Mississippi
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
East Mississippi Community College alumni
MIT Engineers men's basketball coaches
People from Macon, Mississippi
Rust College alumni
Rust College faculty
The 1993 NAIA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament was held in March at Kemper Arena in Kansas City, Missouri. The 56th annual NAIA basketball tournament featured 32 teams playing in a single-elimination format. 1993 marked the last time NAIA Division 1 Tournament was conducted at Kemper Arena.
Awards and honors
Leading scorers:
Leading rebounder:
Player of the Year: est. 1994.
1993 NAIA bracket
* denotes overtime.
See also
1993 NAIA Division II men's basketball tournament
1993 NCAA Division I men's basketball tournament
1993 NCAA Division II men's basketball tournament
1993 NCAA Division III men's basketball tournament
1993 NAIA Division I women's basketball tournament
References
Tournament
NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament
NAIA Division I men's basketball tournament
NAIA Men's Basketball Championship
Trent Bianco (born 20 January 2001) is an Australian rule footballer playing for the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).
Early life and state football
Bianco grew up in the Melbourne suburb Doncaster and attended Marcellin College. They played football at the school and was part of the 2017 Associated Grammar Schools of Victoria (AGSV) premiership team, when they beat Ivanhoe Grammar School by 26 points in the grand final. In 2009 Bianco started playing junior football for Doncaster in the Yarra Junior Football League (YJFL). They made 150 appearances with them, winning the best and fairest awards with the under-11s and under-12s, as well as a premiership in 2016.
Bianco played for and co-captained the Oakleigh Chargers in the NAB League, being one of the first to arrive at training to set an example. They helped lead the club to a premiership in the 2019 season, averaging 27 disposals a game. In April 2019, Bianco represented a team of Australian Under 18s who beat Casey Demons with Bianco standing out as a rebounding defender, collecting 15 disposals. A couple of months later, they represented Vic Metro at the 2019 AFL Under 18 Championships, scoring one goal in the opening defeat to West Australia and being named one of the best on the ground in the one point victory over South Australia. Playing in the half-back position, they were ranked equal third general defender, having averaged 18.5 disposals and 3.5 tackles. During the summer of 2019, as part of the AFL Academy Program, Bianco trained with Australian Football League (AFL) club Collingwood, who would later manage to draft them despite their lack of draft picks.
AFL career
Bianco was drafted by Collingwood with their second pick of the 2019 national draft, which was the 45th pick overall. Proceeding the 2021 season Bianco received the number 8 Guernsey from the retiring Tom Langdon. They had a knee injury at the beginning of the 2021 season, but then in two appearances for Collingwood's Victorian Football League (VFL) side they averaged 26 disposals and led the tackle count for the team. They made their senior debut for Collingwood in the eleventh round of the season against Geelong at the MCG.
Personal life
Bianco is a life-long Collingwood supporter. Before being drafted, they worked as a waiter at their family-owned Lazy Moe's restaurant in Oakleigh.
Statistics
Updated to the end of the 2022 season.
|-
| scope="row" | 2020 || || 34
| 0 || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || – || –
|-
| scope="row" | 2021 || || 8
| 12 || 7 || 5 || 100 || 47 || 147 || 53 || 21 || 0.6 || 0.4 || 8.3 || 3.9 || 12.3 || 4.4 || 1.8
|-
| scope="row" | 2022 || || 8
| 10 || 1 || 1 || 62 || 38 || 100 || 30 || 27 || 0.1 || 0.1 || 6.2 || 3.8 || 10.0 || 3.0 || 2.7
|- class="sortbottom"
! colspan=3| Career
! 22 !! 8 !! 6 !! 162 !! 85 !! 247 !! 83 !! 48 !! 0.4 !! 0.3 !! 7.4 !! 3.9 !! 11.2 !! 3.8 !! 2.2
|}
References
External links
Living people
2001 births
Collingwood Football Club players
Oakleigh Chargers players
Australian rules footballers from Victoria (Australia)
The Benjamin Cole House is a historic house in Swansea, Massachusetts, United States. Built in 1690, this house is the oldest documented building in Swansea.
Description and history
The Cole house is set on the south side of Old Warren Road, a historic early road through what is now southwestern Swansea. It is a -story, wood-framed structure, five bays wide, with a side gable roof and a large central chimney. The exterior has Federal-period styling (probably added in the late 18th century), and an ell, built c. 1850, extends to the rear of the main block. The main entrance is set in a projecting hip-roofed vestibule, which is decorated with corner pilasters. Outbuildings of the property include a barn (c. 1890) and garage (c. 1950).
Benjamin Cole, who built the house, was the grandson of James Cole, who was the first of the Coles to come to North America, and for whom Cole's Hill in Plymouth is named. It continued to be the center of a major farmstead into the 20th century, operated for many years by the Wilbur family.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 16, 1990.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Bristol County, Massachusetts
References
Houses completed in 1701
Houses in Bristol County, Massachusetts
Swansea, Massachusetts
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Bristol County, Massachusetts
1701 establishments in Massachusetts
Romeo is an Italian origin surname. It may refer to:
Antonia Romeo (born 1974), British civil servant
Bernardo Romeo (born 1977), Argentine football player
Massimiliano Romeo (born 1971), Italian politician
Michael Romeo (born 1968), lead guitarist of Symphony X
Nicola Romeo (1876–1938), Italian engineer and entrepreneur who owned Alfa Romeo in its early years
Paolo Romeo (born 1938), Cardinal Archbishop of Palermo, Italy
Sebastiano Romeo (1931–1998), leader of the 'Ndrangheta Italian criminal organization
Steve Romeo (born 1971), American ski mountaineer
Terrence Romeo (born 1992), Filipino basketball player
Tony Romeo (1939–1995), American songwriter
Tony Romeo (American football) (1938–1996), American college and American Football League player
Tony Romeo (reporter), American television and radio news reporter
Italian-language surnames
Surnames of Italian origin
Bradley C. S. Watson is a Canadian-born American political science educator, lawyer, and writer, and a member of the "West Coast Straussian" school of political thought.
 They are professor of politics at Saint Vincent College in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, where they hold the Philip M. McKenna Chair in American and Western Political Thought.  They are co-director of the college's Center for Political and Economic Thought, a public policy educational and research institute dedicated to advancing "scholarship on philosophical and policy concerns related to freedom and Western civilization with particular regard to the American experience". They have held visiting faculty appointments at Princeton University and Claremont McKenna College.  They are a fellow of several think tanks, and a Senior Scholar at the Intercollegiate Studies Institute.
They were born in Toronto and educated in Canada, Belgium, and the United States, earning a B.A. from the University of British Columbia in Vancouver, a J.D. from Queen's University Faculty of Law in Kingston, Ontario, an M.Phil. from the Institute of Philosophy, University of Leuven (Louvain), Belgium, and an M.A. and Ph.D. from the Claremont Graduate University in California.
Their publications concentrate on several themes: the unfolding of the liberal idea in the modern world, particularly through courts of law; the problems and prospects of higher education, particularly civic education, in liberal societies; and the strengths and weaknesses of the West in the face of an illiberal foe—Islamism.
Watson is a critic of American progressivism. They have appeared on the Glenn Beck television program to discuss their book Living Constitution, Dying Faith: Progressivism and the New Science of Jurisprudence. They have argued that the idea of a "living constitution", which they trace largely to social Darwinism and pragmatism, undermines the American founders' Constitution dedicated to fixed natural truths, and is a slippery slope toward moral and political nihilism They have also been critical of both legal positivism and the deontological liberalism of John Rawls, arguing that they fail to provide a stable foundation for constitutional interpretation, and of same-sex marriage, arguing that it is antithetical to moral realism and essentialism.
Although West Coast Straussianism is usually understood to be a version of political conservatism, Watson has been attacked from various points on the conservative spectrum, including by Harry V. Jaffa, the acknowledged founder of the West Coast Straussians.
Jaffa has suggested that Watson is insufficiently critical of the legal positivism of conservative Judge Robert H. Bork, while others have suggested they are too critical. Meanwhile, traditionalist conservatives have denied Watson's claim that universal philosophical principles played an important role in the American founding.
Watson has defended both natural rights philosophy and cultural traditions as essential elements of the American experience, and of a complete understanding of the U.S. Constitution.
References
American political philosophers
Living people
Place of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
University of British Columbia alumni
Queen's University Faculty of Law alumni
The Vigiles or more properly the Vigiles Urbani ("watchmen of the City") or Cohortes Vigilum ("cohorts of the watchmen") were the firefighters and police of ancient Rome.
History
The Triumviri Nocturni (meaning three men of the night) were the first men, being privately owned slaves, organized into a group that combated the common problems of fire and conflagrations in Rome. The privately operated system became ineffective, so in the interest of keeping themselves and Rome safe, Augustus instituted a new public firefighting force called the Vigiles. Augustus modelled the new firefighters after the fire brigade of Alexandria, Egypt. The Vigiles were also known by their nickname Spartoli or "little bucket fellows" which was given to them because of the buckets they carried water in, which were made of rope sealed with pitch.
In AD 6, Augustus levied a 4% tax on the sale of slaves and used the proceeds to set up the new force. The first Vigiles units were under the command of Aediles and the Vicomagistri. There were only 6000 Vigiles and they were all slaves. In 22 AD they were commanded by the praefectus vigilum, who was of equestrian rank, and subpraefectus and were divided into seven cohorts commanded by a tribune. Usually tribunes would begin their career by commanding a unit of the Vigiles. Each cohort was divided into seven centuries, each of 70–80 men commanded by a centurion. Each cohort patrolled two of the city's fourteen administrative regiones. The cohorts were doubled in size in AD 205. The Vigiles were made up of freedmen by this time.
The Vigiles also acted as a night watch, keeping an eye out for burglars and hunting down runaway slaves, and were on occasion used to maintain order in the streets. Their most famous prefect, Naevius Sutorius Macro, succeeded Lucius Aelius Sejanus as Prefect of the Praetorian Guard after their men had been used by the Emperor Tiberius to retake control of the city from Sejanus's soldiers.
Vigiles were stationed at the harbour cities of Ostia and Portus. A vexillatio (detachment) of four centuries was detached from Rome for four months at a time, with two centuries being stationed at each city.
During the Great Fire of Rome the Vigiles took to looting the city rather than enforcing law and fighting the fires.
The Vigiles appear to have lost their status as an independent unit and come under the authority of the Praetorian prefects sometime in the early 3rd century.
Organization
In the beginning, the corps had difficulty recruiting men. In an effort to entice men to enlist the Lex Visellia was passed in 24 AD, granting full citizenship and a bonus cash stipend to Vigiles after six years of service. By the 2nd century, citizens were also allowed to enlist.
The Vigiles were accommodated in barracks and patrolled the streets, especially at night, on the lookout for any unsupervised fires. Every householder was obliged to keep equipment for fighting fires, and the men themselves were equipped with pumps, buckets, hooks (for pulling down burning material), picks, mattocks and axes. They also used ballistae for knocking down burning houses and creating firebreaks. They even had their own medical support (medici), with four doctors attached to each cohort, and their own chaplains (victimarii). A siphonarius operated a pump and an aquarius supervised the supply of water. The ordinary firefighters were called milites (soldiers).
The Vigiles were organized into seven cohorts each 1,000 men strong. The cohorts contained seven centuries. The centuries were commanded by centurions, and the cohort was commanded by a tribune. The commander of the Vigiles was the Praefectus Vigilum. The centurions of the Vigiles would often go on to become centurions in the Urban Cohorts, followed by becoming a centurion in the Praetorian Guard. They would then transfer to the Legions, where they could reach the rank of Primus Pilus. The prefect was also known as the Prefect of the Watch. The prefect was an eques appointed by the emperor to command the seven cohorts. It was not a particularly sought after office until the 3rd century. Prominent jurists with a legal background began serving as Prefect to fulfil the magisterial capacity of the office. As a judge, the Prefect made rulings in their court for the common thieves caught during the night. Eventually, the Prefect was given jurisdiction over daytime petty crimes as well. According to Justinian, in the event of more serious crimes the decision was made by the praefectus urbi, "if the offender is a person of such thuggish and infamous character ... the case is sent on to the prefect of the city". Often times Praefectus Vigilum would go on to be prefects of the Praetorian Guard.
Beyond the office of the prefect, the Vigiles were ordered by rank similar to the military. While some terms of service could extend beyond twenty years, most commissioned ranks were much shorter. Since the Vigiles never achieved the prestige of the Praetorian Guard or the Urban Cohorts, serving in the corps was usually only a means of achieving more honourable and lucrative posts.
One known praefectus, Placidianus was put in charge of an expeditionary force sent to Gaul by Claudius II (Gothicus) on their accession in 269 AD to secure the lower Rhone valley against the so-called Gallic Empire. This is the only known instance of the holder of this office being given a substantive command outside Rome. Whether or not their force included vigiles from the city is uncertain.
Whether or not the Praefectus Vigilum had their headquarters in any of the stationes identified above or whether they had an entirely separate praefectura is not known. If they are associated with one of the barracks it is likely to have been that of I Cohort in the Via Lata.
Duties
Fighting fires
Every cohort was equipped with standard firefighting equipment. The sipho or fire engine was pulled by horses and consisted of a large double action pump that was partially submerged in a reservoir of water. The Vigiles designated as aquarii needed to have an accurate knowledge of where water was located, and they also formed bucket brigades to bring water to the fire. Attempts were made to smother the fire by covering it with patchwork quilts (centones) soaked with water. There is even evidence that chemical firefighting methods were used by throwing a vinegar based substance called acetum into fires. In many cases the best way to prevent the spread of flames was to tear down the burning building with hooks and levers. For fires in multiple story buildings, cushions and mattresses were spread out on the ground for people to jump onto from the upper levels.
A major duty of the Vigiles was to enforce preventative measures against conflagrations. Adequate fire fighting equipment was required in every home. The Digest of Justinian decrees that Vigiles are "ordered to remind every one to have a supply of water ready in their upper room". While the Vigiles only had advising authority, their recommendations were often followed to avoid repercussions for negligence. Corporal punishment was the most common punishment for negligence according to the Digest of Justinian, "where persons have paid insufficient attention to their fire, the prefect ... orders them to be beaten".
During the Great Fire of Rome in AD 64 over one third of Rome was destroyed by flames. The young Emperor Nero helped to direct the Vigiles in fighting the flames. It was rumoured that the Vigiles intentionally allowed the city to burn under orders from Nero, who later built their palace on land that was cleared by the fire. Regardless, Nero enacted fire code laws following the Great Fire to avoid further conflagrations. These laws called for more public access to water and prohibited buildings from sharing a common wall.
Police force
Starting about 27 BC, Augustus added a police function to the Vigiles to counterbalance the urban mobs that had run rampant during the latter days of the Republic.
In addition to extinguishing fires, the Vigiles were the nightwatch of Rome. Their duties included apprehending thieves and robbers and capturing runaway slaves. The task of guarding the baths was added as a duty of the Vigiles during the reign of Alexander Severus when the baths remained open during the night. They dealt primarily with petty crimes and looked for disturbances of the peace while they patrolled the streets. Sedition, riots and violent crimes were handled by the Cohortes urbanae and (to a lesser extent) the Praetorian Guard, though Vigiles could provide a supporting role in these situations. The Vigiles were not considered a para-military unit.
Quarters
The first Vigiles sequestered private homes and buildings to use as their command posts. It was not until the mid-2nd century that official stations were built explicitly for the Vigiles' use. By the early 3rd century sub-stations (excubitoria), which held forty to fifty men, were constructed to accommodate the expanding city and the surrounding suburbs.
The locations of four of the seven cohort stationes or barracks have been fairly definitively identified:
I Cohort: On the east side of the Via Lata opposite the Saepta;
III Cohort: On Viminal;
IV Cohort: Near Baths of Caracalla;
V Cohort: On Caelian Hill near present site of S. Maria in Domnica.
The VII Cohort was probably housed in a statio provisionally identified near the Aemiian Bridge.
As mentioned elsewhere detachments of watchmen were stationed at Ostia and Portus and there were sub-stations throughout the city. What arrangements were made for policing the outer suburbs of the city is not known. (Certainly after the governmental reforms of Diocletian the jurisdiction of the Praefectus Urbi extended as far as the east coast and for in every direction. This might suggest that their subordinate, the Praefectus Vigilum, had a commensurate responsibility.)
In popular culture
The Vigiles often play a prominent role in the Marcus Didius Falco novels of Lindsey Davis, providing assistance in Falco's investigations. In particular, Falco's old army friend Lucius Petronius Longus is a 'Watch Captain' in Regio XIII.
In Death in Vesunna by Harry Turtledove, the vigiles of Vesunna, Roman Gaul (now modern Périgueux, France) are tasked to hunt down two murderers from the future, whose victim was a prominent citizen in the city whom they murdered with a pistol. Despite initial bafflement, the head of the vigiles is able to solve the case with help from their Greek doctor friend and arrest the murderers despite their previously unknown weapon.
See also
Praetorian Guard
Urban cohort
History of firefighting
List of fire departments
List of Roman army unit types
Vigili del Fuoco
References
Primary sources
Tacitus, Publius Cornelius. The Annals. In: The Complete Works of Tacitus. (1942) Translated by Alfred John Church and William Jackson Brodribb.
Justinian I. (529) The Digest of Justinian. Book I, XV. Translated by Monro, Charles Henry. (1904) Cambridge University Press. pp. 50–51.
Secondary sources
Bunson, Matthew. (1994) Encyclopedia of the Roman Empire. Facts on File Inc., New York, NY
Cambridge Ancient History. (1996) 2nd Ed, Vol. X: The Augustan Empire, 43B.C.-A.D.69 Ed. Bowman, Alan K.; Champlin, Edward; Lintott, Andrew. Cambridge University Press, New York.
Canter, H.V. (1932)
H. V. Canter, "Conflagrations in Ancient Rome", Classical Journal, 27 (1932), pp. 270–288
Daugherty, Gregory N. "The Cohortes Vigilum and the Great Fire of 64 AD", Classical Journal, Vol. 87 (1992), pp. 229–240.
Originally published in 1926 by Oxford University Press, London.
Infantry units and formations of ancient Rome
Military units and formations of the Roman Empire
Defunct law enforcement agencies
Fire departments
History of firefighting
Military units and formations established in the 1st century
0s establishments in the Roman Empire
1st-century establishments in Italy
South of Heaven, West of Hell is a 2000 American western film starring Dwight Yoakam, who also co-wrote, directed, and scored the film. The film follows Valentine Casey (Yoakam), a Marshal in the Arizona territory, when they receive a surprise visit from their outlaw adoptive father (Luke Askew) on Christmas Eve 1907. This stands as the only film Yoakam has written and directed.
The film premiered on the closing night of the 2000 Slamdance Film Festival, and released in theatres on December 15, 2000.
Plot
Cast
Dwight Yoakam as Valentine Casey
Billy Bob Thornton as Brigadier Smalls
Vince Vaughn as Taylor Henry
Bridget Fonda as Adalyne Dunfries
Peter Fonda as Bill "Shoshonee Bill"
Paul Reubens as Arvid Henry
Bud Cort as Agent Otts
Michael Jeter as Uncle Jude
Bo Hopkins as Dr. Angus "Doc" Dunfries
Luke Askew as Leland Henry
Joe Ely as Paul "Petrified Paul"
Production
Shortly before production began, the financier backed out and Yoakam made the decision to finance the film on their own, partially through the sale of their home in Malibu. Their production company (A Cast of Strays) ultimately filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, and several crew members registered complaints with unions and filed lawsuits in small claims court against the company. Yoakam said it was "the hardest experience I've ever gone through in my professional life in terms of executing art". To help pay off the debt accrued while making the movie, Yoakam hired a cheaper backing band in 2002, which resulted in a falling out with their longtime producer, bandleader, and guitarist Pete Anderson.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 14% approval rating, based on 7 reviews with an average rating of 3.50 out of 10. On Metacritic the film has a score of 22% based on reviews from 6 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".
Robert Koehler of Variety said that the film "lacks the critical ingredients of shape, consistent tone, rhythm and economy that would make this truly old-fashioned oater into a lean, compelling adventure". They added that "there's no grace to the interplay of images and emotions. At every step, the filmmakers seem unable to pull off an exaggerated horse opera, and they never know when to pull the plug on scenes that are going nowhere". Writing for Film Threat, Michael Dequina said in their review that "watching Yoakam's film...is like eating a shit sandwich. The title may be a cutesy joke describing someplace close to hell, but make no mistake—this film is hell."
References
External links
2000 films
2000 Western (genre) films
Films set in Arizona
Trimark Pictures films
Films set in 1907
2000 directorial debut films
2000s English-language films
American Western (genre) films
2000s American films
William Taylor (1840 - 4 January 1910) was a British educator, principal of Sir Walter St John's Grammar School For Boys for 34 years from 1873-1907.
They were the son of the Rev Edward Taylor, vicar of Temple Sowerby, Westmoreland.
Taylor had already been principal of St James's Boys School, Clapham, when they were appointed in 1873. When they retired in 1907, they were succeeded by their son John George Taylor, who was head from 1907–32, then by their grandson John Edward Taylor in 1932–46, until they were appointed head of Bedford Modern School, a post they held from 1946-65.
 They are buried at St. Mary's Cemetery, Wandsworth.
References
1840 births
1910 deaths
Heads of schools in England
People from Westmorland
United Nations Security Council resolution 696, adopted unanimously on 30 May 1991, after noting the recent desire to sign the Bicesse Accords between the MPLA and UNITA in Angola, the recent withdrawal of all Cuban troops and considering a report by the Secretary-General, the Council approved Javier Pérez de Cuéllar's recommendations and established the United Nations Angola Verification Mission II (UNAVEM II), noting that the mandate of the United Nations Angola Verification Mission I (1989–1991) was coming to an end.
The Council decided to establish UNAVEM II for an initial period of seventeen months to accomplish the objectives of the Secretary-General, which was to observe and verify the disarmament process and support the creation of a new single national army, observe demining, provide humanitarian aid and extend the government's authority over the whole country, affected by civil war.
Resolution 696 also requested the Secretary-General keep the Council up-to-date on developments and to report the signing of the Bicesse Accords.
See also
Angolan Civil War
Cuban intervention in Angola
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 601 to 700 (1987–1991)
United Nations Angola Verification Mission III
References
External links
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
0696
1991 in Angola
0696
Angolan Civil War
May 1991 events
The Working Class Party is a left-wing, working class political party, based in Detroit, Michigan, United States. The Working Class Party competed in the 2016 Michigan election, presenting three candidates. The party filed twelve candidates in the 2020 election, five for the U.S. Congress, two for the Michigan State Board of Education, and five for the Michigan House of Representatives. As of July 2020, it has ballot access in Maryland and Michigan.
Other candidates who shared many of the same ideas as the Working Class Party appeared as "non-partisan" (independent) candidates on the ballot in Chicago in 2015; in Baltimore in 2016 and 2020; and in Los Angeles in 2018.
History
The party can be traced back to a campaign carried out by people around the Trotskyist newspaper The Spark between 2011 and 2013. That campaign focused on the need for the working class to organize independently. Five of the people active in that campaign ran for office in 2014 (although they were on the ballot as non-party candidates). The candidates ran for Congress, for the Dearborn School Board and for the Wayne County Community College Trustee. The latter was elected due to their only opponent, the Democratic incumbent, being disqualified before the election.
Despite the harsh ballot access laws in Michigan, the people active in the 2014 campaign managed to put a party on the ballot in 2016. With several dozen others joining the voluntary effort, they turned in more than the required 31,566 petition signatures. In the end they turned in more than 50,000. The Working Class Party fielded two candidates for Congress and one for the State Board of Education in Michigan.
The WCP candidate for the State Board of Education polled 2.7%, many more than the 22,133 votes needed for the Working Class Party to retain ballot status in the Michigan 2018 elections.
Similar campaigns in other states included for alderman in Chicago in the 25th ward. Candidate Ed Hershey received 614 votes (8.23%). In 2016, David Harding was on the ballot for Baltimore's City Council elections, running in the 14th district. They received 1,426 votes, (8.3%). In 2018, Juan Rey ran as a candidate in California's 29th congressional district for the U.S. House of Representatives. They received 944 votes (1.45%).
In the 2018 midterm elections, the Working Class Party ran eleven candidates in Michigan; five for the U.S. House, four for the Michigan state senate and two statewide candidates for the Michigan State Board of Education. Most candidates were fielded in districts in and around Detroit, but the party was also contesting districts in Grand Rapids, Flint and Saginaw. The party won between 1.2% and 11.4% of the votes.
In the 2020 elections, the Working Class Party ran twelve candidates in Michigan; five candidates for the US House of Representatives, five candidates for the State House and two candidates for State Board of Education and David Harding for the mayor of Baltimore. The party gained between 0.6% and 4.8% of the votes in the seats contested.
As of December 2020 2,102 voters were affiliated with the WCP in Maryland. The party announced plans to run candidates for governor in 2022 and for president in 2024 in order to maintain ballot access in Maryland.
Ideology
The party is actively endorsed by Spark. The party supports broadly socialist positions such as putting an end to unemployment and stopping the decline of pensions and social security. They call for workers to look into the books of businesses. They call for the unity of workers against the divide created by the bosses. The party also supports the formation of a vanguard party for the working class, as they maintain that both the Republican, and the Democratic party, are controlled by big capital.
Election results
See also
The Spark (US Trotskyist group with ties to Lutte Ouvrière)
References
2016 establishments in Michigan
Organizations based in Detroit
Political parties established in 2014
Political parties in Michigan
Progressive parties in the United States
Socialist parties in the United States
Socialism in Maryland
Political parties in Maryland
State and local socialist parties in the United States
