Flame cleaning, also known as flame gouging, is the process of cleaning a structural steel surface by passing an intensely hot oxyacetylene flame over it. Mill scale and rust are removed by the reducing effect of the flame and the action of the heat, leaving the surface in a condition suitable for wire brushing and painting.
Overview
There are many uses for flame cleaning rather than just to remove rust and mill scale. It is also used as a removal tool for paints, bad welds, burrs, mechanical wear (scraping, cuts, gouges and more) along with other surface imperfections.
The process of flame cleaning is not anything new and does not require any extra equipment than what would be found in a typical metal shop. It is just an oxygen-fuel torch that is used parallel with the surface to melt and blow off any blemishes that the operator wants to eliminate. Shown in the adjacent diagram, the surface is blasted with the oxygen-fuel torch across the surface versus the orthodox use of the flame as a cutting or gouging tool. Though the equipment is the same, the flame used in cleaning is drastically reduced to prevent excess removal of the surface. Various kinds of fuel can be run with the oxygen, for example acetylene.
Various surfaces can be cleaned using this process. The oxy-flame can work on assorted surface qualities and remove some of the hardest to clean substances such as lubricants and grease. Ceramics, steel constructions, offshore systems and even concrete elements can all be cleaned. Although the function of cleaning can be thoroughly accomplished, the general aesthetic look is damaged due to the burn marks by the oxy-flame. The surface is then ready for further processing such as painting, grinding or any other further operation.
See also
Air carbon arc cutting
References
Metalworking
Cleaning methods
Caldwell Municipal Airport is a city-owned, public-use airport located southwest of the central business district of Caldwell, a city in Burleson County, Texas, United States.
Although most U.S. airports use the same three-letter location identifier for the FAA and IATA, this airport is assigned RWV by the FAA but has no designation from the IATA.
Facilities and aircraft
Caldwell Municipal Airport covers an area of and has one runway (15/33) with an asphalt surface measuring 3,252 x 50 feet (991 x 15 m). For the 12-month period ending March 24, 2006, the airport had 2,700 general aviation aircraft operations, an average of 225 per month.
References
External links
at Texas DOT airport directory
Airports in Texas
Buildings and structures in Burleson County, Texas
Transportation in Burleson County, Texas
Gregory Russell Kuehn is an American composer, songwriter, musician and producer.
Career
As a performing musician
Kuehn's career began in Orange County's early punk scene, when they left their classical piano studies at California State University, Long Beach to join horror punk icons T.S.O.L. Together they made the album Beneath the Shadows, still a highly regarded and influential work.
Following their tenure in T.S.O.L. , they spent several years as a recording and touring musician working with artists including Bob Dylan, The Church, Duane Peters, Megan Mullally, Berlin and Ian Astbury of The Cult. Most recently, Kuehn has been performing with LA punk legends X, filling in for the late Ray Manzarek of The Doors.
Composing film scores
Kuehn got their start in film working on the score for cult classic Repo Man, on which they arranged music and played keyboards. Since then, Kuehn has scored numerous films, including Confessions of a Superhero and Meet the Hitlers, both directed by Matt Ogens and produced by filmmaker Morgan Spurlock, A Small Section of the World, directed by Lesley Chilcott, and The Achievers, The Story of The Lebowski Fans. One of their songs was featured in the documentary The Other F Word, directed by Andrea Nivens. They worked with producer Peter Jackson scoring the trailer for the Amy Berg directed doc, West of Memphis, and has completed the score for Go North a new feature film directed by Matt Ogens, and starring Jacob Lofland, Sophie Kennedy Clark and Patrick Schwarzenegger. Kuehn composed the music for Shooting An Elephant, a narrative short film featured in the 2016 Tribeca film festival, directed by JP Rothie and written by Alec Sokolow. Code Blue, a short film Kuehn scored based on the T.S.O.L. song and the Jack Grisham short story, was featured in the 2016 Cannes Film Festival Court Metrage (Short Film Corner).
Television and commercial work
Kuehn has composed the music for CNN Heroes, Stand Up 2 Cancer, Give it up For Greg Giraldo and The Daytime Emmys.
Kuehn has scored hundreds of television commercials for clients including Toyota, Ancestry, HP, Subaru, MINI, Hyundai, Honda, Blue Shield, Nike, Adidas, DirecTV, Miller, Gatorade and Petco among many others. Their company, Peligro Music and Sound is one of Los Angeles' most sought after boutique music houses.
Personal life
Kuehn's sons Elvis and Max Kuehn are both members of LA band FIDLAR. Greg lives in Los Angeles, CA.
Discography
T.S.O.L., Beneath the Shadows (1982)
The Joneses, Criminals (1983)
Repo Man Soundtrack (1984)
Suburbia Soundtrack (1984)
Cruzados, Cruzados (1985)
Berlin, Count Three & Pray (1986)
The Joneses, Keeping up with the Joneses (1986)
Echo Park Soundtrack (1986)
The Church, Starfish (1988)
The Joneses, Tits and Champagne (1989)
Tairrie B, Power of a Woman (1990)
Angel Ferreira, Angel (1991)
Candyman's Grooves, Acid Jazz (1992)
Guru, Loungin' Remix (1993)
Megan Mullally and Supreme Music Program, Sweetheart (1999)
T.S.O.L., Divided We Stand (2003)
The Diffs, Self-Titled (2005)
The Joneses, Criminal History (2008)
Duane Peters and the Great Unwashed, Beautiful Tragedy (2012)
Blacklist Royals, Die Young With Me (2014)
Tiger Army, V •••–(2016)
T.S.O.L., The Trigger Complex (2017)
Los Bolos, The Best of the Greatest Hits (2020)
External links
Peligro Music
References
American male composers
American composers
American male songwriters
American producers
T.S.O.L. members
"Nevada" is a song by American rapper YoungBoy Never Broke Again. It was released on July 7, 2021, as the third single from their third studio album Sincerely, Kentrell. The song was produced by TnTXD and Vadebeatz.
Composition
The song finds YoungBoy melodically rapping over an electric guitar instrumental. It has been called an "apparent ode to their significant other": "Don't know who I want, you are the one I want / Never said I don't, that's that money talk / Drunker than a skunk, it goes down in the room / Choppas in the trunk, baby, this that slime tone".
Charts
Certifications
References
2021 singles
2021 songs
Atlantic Records singles
Songs written by YoungBoy Never Broke Again
YoungBoy Never Broke Again songs
Events from the year 1826 in France.
Incumbents
Monarch – Charles X
Prime Minister – Joseph de Villèle
Events
15 January - The newspaper Le Figaro begins publication in Paris, initially as a weekly.
June - Photography: Nicéphore Niépce makes a true photograph, View from the Window at Le Gras.
19 August - Louis Christophe François Hachette purchases the Brédif bookshop on rue Pierre-Sarrazin, Paris, origin of the Hachette publishing business.
Unknown date - Société alsacienne de constructions mécaniques founded; becomes part of Alstom, global railway rolling stock manufacturer.
Arts and literature
The second novel by Victor Hugo, Bug-Jargal, is published.
Births
6 April - Gustave Moreau, painter (died 1898)
5 May - Eugénie de Montijo, wife of Napoléon III (died 1920)
18 May - Emile-Justin Menier, pharmaceutical manufacturer, chocolatier and politician (died 1881)
29 June - Charles Ernest Beulé, archaeologist and politician (died 1874)
24 October - Léopold Victor Delisle, bibliophile and historian (died 1910)
Full date unknown
Alphonse de Polignac, mathematician (died 1863)
Louis-Arsène Delaunay, actor (died 1903)
Deaths
3 January
Marie Le Masson Le Golft, naturalist (born 1750)
Louis Gabriel Suchet, Marshal of France (born 1770)
22 January - Henri-Cardin-Jean-Baptiste d'Aguesseau, politician (born 1746)
2 February - Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin, lawyer, politician, epicure and gastronome (born 1755)
8 October - Marie-Guillemine Benoist, painter (born 1768)
5 November - Élie Halévy (Chalfan), Hebrew poet and author (born 1760)
Full date unknown
Jean-Baptiste Stouf, sculptor (born 1742)
See also
References
1820s in France
Point is a French surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Brayden Point (born 1996), Canadian ice hockey player
Christophe Point (born 1965), French footballer
Colton Point (born 1998), Canadian ice hockey player
Craig Point (born 1986), Canadian lacrosse player
Mittie Frances Clarke Point (1850–1937), American writer
Steven Point (born 1951), Canadian judge
Susan Point (born 1952), Canadian artist
See also
Jason LaPoint (born 1977), American racing driver
French-language surnames
Nurobod District (, Russian spelling: Nurabad District) is a district in Tajikistan, one of the 9 Districts of Republican Subordination. Formerly known as Darband District, Nurobod District lies east of the city of Roghun, south of the city of Vahdat and Rasht District, and west of Sangvor District. Its southern border is with the Khatlon Region. The capital of Nurobod District is the town Darband. The population of the district is 82,100 (January 2020 estimate).
Administrative divisions
The district has an area of about and is divided administratively into one town and six jamoats. They are as follows:
Notes
References
Districts of Tajikistan
"I'm Not Alone" is a song by Scottish recording artist Calvin Harris, released as the lead single from their second studio album, Ready for the Weekend (2009). The track was first played by Pete Tong on BBC Radio 1 as their "essential new tune" on 23 January 2009 and has been described as a slice of euphoric dance.
On 12 April 2009, the song debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, earning Harris their first solo number-one single on the chart and second overall following their 2008 collaboration with Dizzee Rascal and Chrome, "Dance wiv Me".
In 2010, Harris received a writing credit on Chris Brown's hit single "Yeah 3x", due to the perceived similarities between the two songs.
Background and writing
Harris called the song "a big stadium dance tune, somewhere between Snow Patrol, Faithless and Grandaddy". They said in a publicity release: "The whole track's a light and shade thing, two styles put together. I find it quite hard to write a happy-happy lyric now, for some reason. I don't know why that is, to be honest with you. Maybe it's staying in a room for a huge amount of time on your own, and that's reflected in the lyrics!" The song is written in the key of E minor, and follows a chord progression of Em/D/Am/C.
Chart performance
"I'm Not Alone" debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart on 12 April 2009 ― for the week ending 18 April 2009 ― knocking Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" off the top of the chart. It remained at the top position for two weeks, until it was dethroned by Tinchy Stryder's "Number 1" featuring N-Dubz. On 3 January 2010, "I'm Not Alone" re-entered the chart at number ninety-nine.
In the Republic of Ireland, the single debuted at number fourteen on the Irish Singles Chart on 9 April 2009, peaking at number four by its third week.
Controversy
When Chris Brown's 2010 single "Yeah 3x" was released, Harris claimed that "Yeah 3x" plagiarised "I'm Not Alone". They tweeted, "Choked on my cornflakes when I heard [the] new Chris Brown single this morning. Do you know what I mean?" After receiving many abusive messages from Brown's fans after posting the comment, they later tweeted, "I don't care that you call me a nobody. Stealing is still stealing, doesn't matter who you are! ... Because Chris Brown is an international celebrity doesn't make it OK to rip off a guy from [the] UK not many people have heard of."
When asked in an interview with Australia's Herald Sun if Brown knew him, Harris replied, "Well, he's never heard of me, that's the funniest thing. But the producer he's worked with, DJ Frank E, has definitely heard of me. He's a respected producer, he's worked with Tiësto on a few tracks, perhaps that's where the link is. It's all a bit of fun." Brown later spoke with Harris and upon hearing the similarities between the two songs, had Harris' name added to the songwriting credits, with no legal action taken. The two artists reportedly have no hard feelings toward each other since the controversy; Harris even called Brown their "best mate" and said that they enjoy listening to their work.
Music video
The music video for "I'm Not Alone" was filmed in Oslo, Norway on 6 February 2009. It was directed by Christian Holm-Glad. The clip begins with a small boy (potentially meant to represent a young Harris) found in thick snow wandering the woods dragging a sledge with a toy bear on top. They then sets up camp and lights a fire to keep warm whilst cuddling their toy bear. The bear is then found on the sledge again and is then dropped. The scene closes and cuts to a dungeon styled setting that showcases Harris portrayed as a Frankenstein-type character who is seen to perform experiments on numerous female captives, combining their essences to reanimate their "lost" teddy bear.
"I'm Not Alone 2019"
Harris re-released the single on 5 April 2019, alongside the'm Not Alone 2019 EP, featuring the re-released 2019 edit, several new remixes and a remastered version.
Track listings
UK CD single
"I'm Not Alone" (Radio Edit) – 3:32
"I'm Not Alone" (Extended Mix) – 4:28
UK 12-inch single
A1. "I'm Not Alone" (Hervé's See You at the Festival Remix) – 5:33
A2. "I'm Not Alone" (Radio Edit) – 3:32
B1. "I'm Not Alone" (Deadmau5 Remix) – 8:15
B2. "I'm Not Alone" (Extended Mix) – 4:28
UK iTunes single
"I'm Not Alone" (Tiësto Remix) – 6:41
"I'm Not Alone" (Radio Edit) – 3:32
UK iTunes EP
"I'm Not Alone" (Radio Edit) – 3:31
"I'm Not Alone" (Extended Mix) – 4:26
"I'm Not Alone" (Deadmau5 Mix) – 8:15
"I'm Not Alone" (Hervé's See You at the Festival Remix) – 5:33
"I'm Not Alone" (Burns Rework) – 6:36
US iTunes EP
"I'm Not Alone" (Radio Edit) – 3:31
"I'm Not Alone" (Extended Mix) – 4:28
"I'm Not Alone" (Tiësto Remix) – 6:41
"I'm Not Alone" (Deadmau5 Mix) – 8:15
"I'm Not Alone" (Hervé's See You at the Festival Remix) – 5:34
"I'm Not Alone" (Hervé's See You at the Dub Parade) – 3:41
"I'm Not Alone" (Burns Rework) – 6:36
"I'm Not Alone" (Instrumental) – 3:31
2019 releaseDigital download'''
"I'm Not Alone" (CamelPhat Remix I) – 4:04
"I'm Not Alone" (CamelPhat Remix II) – 6:03
"I'm Not Alone" (2019 Edit) – 3:21
"I'm Not Alone" (Thomas Schumacher Remix) – 3:41
"I'm Not Alone" (2009 Remaster) – 3:36
Personnel
Calvin Harris – vocals, producer, instrumentation, arranger, engineering, mixing
Brian Gardner – mastering
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
Release history
References
2009 singles
Songs about loneliness
Calvin Harris songs
Columbia Records singles
Trance songs
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Songs written by Calvin Harris
2008 songs
This article contains information about the literary events and publications of 2016.
Events
May 20 – Writers who sign a letter calling for the United Kingdom to remain in the European Union include Hilary Mantel, John le Carré, Philip Pullman and Tom Stoppard; nevertheless, the June 2016 United Kingdom European Union membership referendum endorses Brexit.
May 24 – Hundreds of US writers, including Stephen King, Robert Polito and Nicole Krauss, sign an "open letter to the American people" urging them not to support Donald Trump as a presidential candidate in the November 2016 United States presidential election.
November 26 – UK Poet Laureate Carol Ann Duffy receives the Wilfred Owen Poetry Award.
Anniversaries
January 10 – Fiftieth anniversary of the publication of Truman Capote's In Cold Blood
February 1 – 20th anniversary of the publication of David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest.
February 22 – 40th anniversary of the publication of Raymond Carver's Will You Please Be Quiet, Please?
February 28 – Centenary of Henry James's death in 1916
March 28 – 75th anniversary of the death of Virginia Woolf in 1941
April 3 – 25th anniversary of Graham Greene's death in 1991
April 12 – Centenary of the birth of Beverly Cleary, American children's author
May 21 – Centenary of the birth of Harold Robbins, American novelist dubbed one of "the world's bestselling authors."
May 28 – Centenary of the birth of Walker Percy, National Book Award-winning American novelist (The Moviegoer, published 55 years ago in 1961)
April 21 – Bicentenary of Charlotte Brontë's birth in 1816
April 22 – 400th anniversary of the death of Miguel de Cervantes.
April 23 – Possible 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death
April 24 – Centenary of the Easter Rising in Dublin, which inspired W. B. Yeats's poem "Easter, 1916"
July 1 – Centenary of the first day of the Battle of the Somme, in which those fighting included Robert Graves, Ford Madox Ford and JRR Tolkien
July 14 – Centenary of the birth of Natalia Ginzburg, Italian author
September 13 – Centenary of the birth of Roald Dahl, Welsh-born children's author
September 17 – Centenary of the birth of Mary Stewart (Mary Rainbow), English romantic suspense novelist
September 28 – Fiftieth anniversary of the death of André Breton, French poet, essayist and theorist; the leading exponent of Surrealism in literature
October 3 – Centenary of the birth of James Herriot (James Alfred Wight), English writer and veterinary surgeon
October 22 – 90 years ago, Ernest Hemingway's novel The Sun Also Rises is published in a first edition consisting of 5090 copies, selling at $2.00 per copy
December 14 – Centenary of the birth of Shirley Jackson, American novelist and short story writer
December 29 – Centenary of the publication in book form of A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man by James Joyce, in New York
New books
The date after each title indicate the U.S. publication date, unless otherwise stated.
Fiction
Naomi Alderman – The Power (UK, October)
Mohammed Hasan Alwan – A Small Death (موت صغير, Lebanon, May)
Fernando Aramburu – Patria (Spain)
Anuk Arudpragasam – The Story of a Brief Marriage (UK)
Margaret Atwood – Hag-Seed (October)
Sebastian Barry – Days Without End (October)
Gary Barwin – Yiddish for Pirates (April 8)
Mike Binder – Keep Calm (February 2)
Pierce Brown – Morning Star (February 9)
Graeme Macrae Burnet – Their Bloody Project (UK)
Marcia Clark – Blood Defense (May 1)
J. M. Coetzee – The Schooldays of Jesus (UK, September 27)
Jean-Baptiste Del Amo – Règne animal (France, August 18)
Emma Donoghue – The Wonder (September)
Linda Grant – The Dark Circle (UK only, November 3)
Mark Greaney – Back Blast
Yaa Gyasi – Homegoing
Michael Helm – After James (September 13)
Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson – Navigators of Dune (September 13)
Vigdis Hjorth – Arv og miljø (Wills and Testaments, Norway)
Anosh Irani – The Parcel
Alexandra Kleeman – Intimations: Stories (September 13)
Christian Kracht – The Dead (Die Toten, Germany, September 8)
László Krasznahorkai – Baron Wenckheim's Homecoming (Báró Wenckheim hazatér, Hungary, September)
Shari Lapena – The Couple Next Door
Deborah Levy – Hot Milk (UK, March 24)
Édouard Louis – Histoire de la violence (History of Violence, France, January 7)
Mike McCormack – Solar Bones (UK, May 5)
Elizabeth McKenzie – The Portable Veblen
C. E. Morgan – The Sport of Kings
Sayaka Murata – Convenience Store Woman (コンビニ人間, Konbini ningen, Japan, July 27)
Maggie O'Farrell – This Must Be the Place (UK, May 17)
Chibundu Onuzo – Welcome to Lagos (UK)
Stef Penney – Under A Pole Start
Sarah Perry – The Essex Serpent (UK, May 27)
Kerry Lee Powell – Willem de Kooning's Paintbrush
Christoph Ransmayr – Cox
David Adams Richards – Principles to Live By
Steven Rowley – Lily and the Octopus (June 7)
Joss Sheldon – The Little Voice (UK, November 23)
Leïla Slimani – Chanson douce (France, August 18, translated as Lullaby or The Perfect Nanny)
Ali Smith – Autumn (UK, October 20)
Zadie Smith – Swing Time
Botho Strauß – Oniritti Höhlenbilder (Germany, October 10)
David Szalay – All That Man Is (linked short stories, UK, April 7)
Yasuko Thanh – Mysterious Fragrance of the Yellow Mountains (Canada)
Madeleine Thien – Do Not Say We Have Nothing (October 11)
Rose Tremain – The Gustav Sonata (UK, May 19)
Katherena Vermette – The Break (Canada)
Colson Whitehead – The Underground Railroad
Zoe Whittall – The Best Kind of People (August 27)
Corrina Wycoff – Damascus House (May 25)
Children and young people
Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont (with Mahlon F. Craft and Kinuko Y. Craft) – Beauty and the Beast (La Belle et la Bête)
Jo Ellen Bogart – The White Cat and the Monk
Paula Bossio – The Pencil (original El Lapiz, 2011)
Maxine Beneba Clarke – The Patchwork Bike
Brian Conaghan – The Bombs that Brought Us Together
Mem Fox and Judy Horacek – Ducks Away!
Denise Fleming – 5 Little Ducks
Jory John and Lane Smith – Penguin Problems
Dav Pilkey - Dog Man (first in the eponymous series of 10 books)
J. Patrick Lewis (with Gary Kelley) – The Navajo Code Talkers
Sophie Piper (with Anne Yvonne Gilbert) – Jesus is Born
Francesca Simon – The Monstrous Child
Maggie Stiefvater – The Raven King (last book in The Raven Cycle series)
Jacqueline Wilson – Rent a Bridesmaid
Toni Yuly – Cat Nap (Yuly book)
Poetry
Matthew and Michael Dickman – Brother
Alice Oswald – Falling Awake
Jacob Polley – Jackself
Drama
Caryl Churchill
Escaped Alone (UK, 20 January)
Pigs And Dogs (UK, 21 July)
Martyna Majok – Cost of Living
Suman Pokhrel – Yajnaseni
J. T. Rogers – Oslo (June)
Zlatko Topčić – Silvertown
Alex Vickery-Howe – Out of the Ordinary
Non-fiction
Jimmy Barnes – Working Class Boy
Daniel Beer – The House of the Dead: Siberian Exile Under the Tsars (UK)
Paul Cartledge – Democracy: A Life (UK, March 24)
Nicholas Crane – The Making of the British Landscape: From the Ice Age to the Present
Daisy Deomampo – Transnational Reproduction
Susan Faludi – In the Darkroom (June 14)
Christopher Goscha – The Penguin History of Vietnam
John Guy – Elizabeth: The Forgotten Years (UK, May 5)
Jock Haswell (with John Lewis-Stempel) – A Brief History of the British Army (UK, May 26)
Gareth Stedman Jones – Karl Marx: Greatness and Illusion (UK, August)
Daniel Levitin – A Field Guide to Lies: Critical Thinking in the Information Age
John Lewis-Stempel
The Running Hare: The Secret Life of Farmland (UK, June 20)
Where Poppies Blow: The British Soldier, Nature, The Great War (UK)
John McWhorter – Words on the Move: Why English Won't – and Can't – Sit Still (Like, Literally)
Rajiv Malhotra
Academic Hinduphobia
Battle for Sanskrit
Hisham Matar – The Return (UK, June 30)
Helaine Olen and Harold Pollack – The Index Card (January 5)
Patrick Phillips – Blood at the Root
John Preston – A Very English Scandal (UK, May 5)
Kassia St. Clair – The Secret Lives of Colour
Gary Younge – Another Day in the Death of America
Deaths
Birth years link to the corresponding "[year] in literature" article:
January 11 – Gunnel Vallquist, Swedish writer and translator (born 1918)
January 18 – Michel Tournier, French writer, 91 (born 1924)
January 20 – David G. Hartwell, American anthologist, author and critic (b. 1941)
February 8 – Margaret Forster, English novelist and biographer, 77 (born 1938)
February 18 – Yūko Tsushima (津島 佑子), Japanese author, 68 (born 1947)
February 19
Umberto Eco – Italian philosopher and novelist (The Name of the Rose), 84 (born 1932)
Harper Lee – American author (To Kill a Mockingbird), 89 (born 1926)
February 29 – Louise Rennison, English author and comedian (born 1951)
March 4 – Pat Conroy, American novelist (The Prince of Tides), 70 (born 1945)
March 8 - Enrique Estrázulas, Uruguayan writer, poet, essayist, playwright, journalist and diplomat, 74 (born 1942)
March 21 – Tomás de Mattos, Uruguayan writer and librarian, 68 (born 1947)
March 31 – Imre Kertész, Hungarian writer and the 2002 laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature, 86 (born 1929)
April 3 – Lars Gustafsson, Swedish writer and scholar, novelist and poet, 79 (born 1936)
April 5 – E. M. Nathanson, American author (The Dirty Dozen), 87 (born 1928)
April 12 – Sir Arnold Wesker, English dramatist, 83 (born 1932)
April 30 – Daniel Berrigan, American Jesuit priest, poet, peace activist and recidivist, won the 1957 Lamont Prize in Poetry, 94 (born 1921)
June 6 – Sir Peter Shaffer, English playwright (Amadeus), 90 (born 1926)
June 25 – Adam Small, 79, South African writer and poet, winner of the Hertzog Prize (born 1936)
June 30 – Sir Geoffrey Hill, English poet, 84 (born 1932)
July 1 – Yves Bonnefoy, French poet, 93 (born 1923)
July 2 – Elie Wiesel, American Jewish author (Night) and 1986 Nobel Peace Prize winner (born 1928)
July 14 – Péter Esterházy, Hungarian writer, 66 (born 1950)
July 19 – Carlos Gorostiza, Argentine playwright, theatre director and novelist, 96 (born 1920)
August 24 – Michel Butor, French essayist, novelist, critic and a leading figure of 1950s Nouveau Roman group, 89 (born 1926)
September 4 :
Isidore Okpewho, Nigerian novelist and critic, 74 (born 1941)
Cyril C. Perera, Sri Lankan author and translator, 93 (born 1923)
September 16
Edward Albee, American playwright (Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?), 88 (born 1928)
W. P. Kinsella, Canadian author (Shoeless Joe), 81 (born 1935)
October 13 – Dario Fo, Italian playwright and the 1997 laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature, 90 (born 1926)
October 31 – Natalie Babbitt, American author (Tuck Everlasting), 84 (born 1932)
November 7 – Leonard Cohen, Canadian poet, novelist and songwriter, 82 (born 1934)
November 10 – Francisco Nieva, Spanish playwright, novelist and short story writer, 91 (born 1924)
November 11 – Sir James McNeish, New Zealand novelist, playwright and biographer, 85 (born 1931)
November 20 – William Trevor, Irish novelist, playwright and short story writer, 88 (born 1928)
December 12 – Shirley Hazzard, Australian novelist and short story writer, 85 (born 1931)
December 24 – Richard Adams, English author (Watership Down), 96 (born 1920)
December 28 – Michel Déon, French novelist, 97 (born 1919)
Awards
In alphabetical order of prize names:
Anisfield-Wolf Book Award: Mary Morris for The Jazz Palace
Baileys Women's Prize for Fiction: Lisa McInerney, The Glorious Heresies
Baillie Gifford Prize: Philippe Sands, East West Street
Booker Prize: Paul Beatty, The Sellout (first American winner)
Caine Prize for African Writing: Lidudumalingani Mqombothi, "Memories We Lost"
Camões Prize: Raduan Nassar
Costa Book Awards: Sebastian Barry, Days Without End (novel and overall winner); Francis Spufford, Golden Hill (first novel); Alice Oswald, Falling Awake (poetry); Keggie Carew, Dadland (biography); Brian Conaghan, The Bombs that Brought us Together (children's)
Danuta Gleed Literary Award: Heather O'Neill, Daydreams of Angels
Dayne Ogilvie Prize: Leah Horlick
Desmond Elliott Prize: Lisa McInerney, The Glorious Heresies
DSC Prize for South Asian Literature: Sleeping on Jupiter by Anuradha Roy, India
Dylan Thomas Prize: Max Porter, Grief is the Thing with Feathers
European Book Prize: Javier Cercas, The Impostor and, Erri De Luca, Le Plus et le Moins
Folio Prize: No prize awarded
German Book Prize: Bodo Kirchhoff, Widerfahrnis
Goldsmiths Prize: Mike McCormack, Solar Bones
Gordon Burn Prize: David Szalay, All That Man Is
Governor General's Award for English-language fiction: Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing
Governor General's Award for French-language fiction: Dominique Fortier, Au péril de la mer
Governor General's Awards, other categories: See 2016 Governor General's Awards.
Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française: Adélaïde de Clermont-Tonnerre Le Dernier des nôtres
International Booker Prize: Han Kang, The Vegetarian
International Dublin Literary Award: Family Life by Akhil Sharma
International Prize for Arabic Fiction: Rabai al-Madhoun, Destinies: Concerto of the Holocaust and the Naqba
James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Fiction: Eimear McBride, The Lesser Bohemians
James Tait Black Memorial Prize for Biography: Laura Cumming, The Vanishing Man
Kerry Group Irish Fiction Award: Anne Enright, The Green Road
Lambda Literary Awards: Multiple categories; see 28th Lambda Literary Awards.
Miguel de Cervantes Prize: Eduardo Mendoza
Miles Franklin Award: A. S. Patrić, Black Rock White City
National Biography Award: Brenda Niall for Mannix
National Book Award for Fiction: Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad
National Book Critics Circle Award: Louise Erdrich, LaRose
Nike Award: Bronka Nowicka, Nakarmić kamień
Nobel Prize in Literature: Bob Dylan
PEN/Faulkner Award for Fiction: James Hannaham, Delicious Foods
PEN Center USA Fiction Award:
Premio Planeta de Novela:
Premio Strega: Edoardo Albinati, La scuola cattolica
Pritzker Literature Award for Lifetime Achievement in Military Writing: Hew Strachan
Prix Goncourt: Leïla Slimani, Chanson douce
Pulitzer Prize for Fiction: Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer
Pulitzer Prize for Poetry: Peter Balakian, Ozone Journal
RBC Taylor Prize: Rosemary Sullivan, Stalin's Daughter: The Extraordinary and Tumultuous Life of Svetlana Alliluyeva
Rogers Writers' Trust Fiction Prize: Yasuko Thanh, Mysterious Fragrance of the Yellow Mountains
Russian Booker Prize:
Scotiabank Giller Prize: Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing
Golden Wreath of Struga Poetry Evenings:
Walter Scott Prize: Simon Mawer, Tightrope
W. Y. Boyd Literary Award for Excellence in Military Fiction: Ralph Peters, Valley of the Shadow
Zbigniew Herbert International Literary Award: Lars Gustafsson
See also
Notes
Information on the literary calendar at Books in 2016: a literary calendar |Books |The Guardian
References
Years of the 21st century in literature
Lohja sub-region was a subdivision of Uusimaa and one of the Sub-regions of Finland. The sub-region was abolished in 2009 and merged into the Greater Helsinki.
Municipalities
Karjalohja
Karkkila
Lohja
Nummi-Pusula
Sammatti
Vihti
History
January 1, 1997 the city of Lohja and the Lohja municipality were merged.
January 1, 2009 Sammatti is merged into Lohja.
After the abolition
January 1, 2013 Nummi-Pusula and Karjalohja were merged into Lohja.
References
Former sub-regions of Finland
Santa Cruz Sky Park was an airport located in Scotts Valley, California, within Santa Cruz County.
Historical timeline
See also
List of airports of Santa Cruz County
References
External links
Abandoned & Little-Known Airfields: California: Monterey Area
Defunct airports in California
History of Santa Cruz County, California
Airports in Santa Cruz County, California
1947 establishments in California
1983 disestablishments in California
Airports established in 1947
Otto Koistinen (August 7, 1925 - February 22, 2020) was a Finnish kantele maker who specialized in building acoustic kanteles and Estonian kannel. They started to make their first kanteles in 1957 while they were working as a pilot on Pielinen Lake in North Karelia, and also built a few mandolins and guitars.
10 years later they found kantele drawings in the library of a hospital in Kontioniemi. During the winter they built their first kantele in the sauna of Ahveninen pilot station. Otto had a deep respect and close relationship with nature and they wanted to bring the beauty of Karelian nature into their kanteles. This unique tradition of kantele sound is in the essence of work by Koistinen Kantele.
As the first instrument was completed during winter 1957, Koistinen found out a number of lacks in construction and sound and thus lifetime development of Finnish and later Estonian chromatic kanteles was initiated. The influence of the family has always had an important role in this process. Otto's daughter, Ritva Koistinen, started to play kantele at early age showing high level of talent and thus brought motivation for their father's work. Otto's son Hannu Koistinen started to build kanteles with their father at the age of seven and later continued to develop the instrument and preserve family tradition by establishing Koistinen Kantele company.
In 2010 Otto Koistinen received the Master Kantele Builder Honorary title from The Finnish Guild of Masters Craftsmen.
In the past years Otto Koistinen has devoted most of their time to building chromatic kanteles based on Estonian tradition. Among the players who have played their instruments are Kristi Mühling, Hedi Viisma, Anna-Liisa Eller, Ella Maidre and others. Otto Koistinen died at the age of 94 in 2020; they continued working on kantele development until they turned 90 years old.
References
1925 births
2020 deaths
Finnish luthiers
Sarriguren is a locality located in the municipality of Valle de Egüés, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 15665. Sarriguren is the capital of the municipality of Valle de Egüés.
Geography
Sarriguren is located 6km east of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
"All About You" / "You've Got a Friend" is a double A-side single by English pop rock band McFly. The former song is an original McFly track while the latter is a cover of the 1971 song written by Carole King. The band's first double A-side single, it was released on 7 March 2005 as the lead single from their second studio album, Wonderland (2005). The single was the official Comic Relief charity single for 2005, with all royalties being donated to the charity. The single was also used to promote Make Poverty History.
The single peaked at number one on the UK Singles Chart as well as in Ireland. Having sold over 536,000 copies in the UK, "All About You" is McFly's best-selling single and received a platinum sales status certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for sales and streams exceeding 600,000 units. "All About You" was nominated for the Record of the Year in 2005.
Song information
The song was written by Tom Fletcher for their then-girlfriend, and now wife, Giovanna Fletcher, as a gift for Valentine's Day as a result of them forgetting the actual day. It is the lead A-side single, and the first of McFly's singles to feature an orchestra, conducted by Simon Hale and the string leader, Gavin Wright. The second track on the double A-side was "You've Got a Friend", written and originally recorded by Carole King.
Chart performance
"All About You" debuted at number one on the UK Singles Chart, giving McFly their third UK number-one single, as well as their fifth top-five hit in less than a year. It debuted at number one, only to be knocked off the top spot the following week by the unofficial Comic Relief single "Is This the Way to Amarillo", by Tony Christie and (mimed by) Peter Kay.
Music videos
The video for "All About You" was filmed on 14 January 2005, the same day good friends Busted announced their break-up. In the video, Harry Judd tries to get into the studio where the rest of McFly are in progress recording the song, but a security guard outside refuses to let them in, until Harry sneaks in by distracting the guard with Smash Hits magazines all with Busted on the front cover (of whom a badge announced them to be a fan). The song is stopped halfway when a cleaner unplugs the equipment to plug in a vacuum, Harry then arrives, the songs starts again and the recording is finished. The comedic video features a number of British celebrities including Fearne Cotton, Johnny Vegas, Davina McCall, Ben Miles, Lee Hurst, Graham Norton, Dermot O'Leary, Simon Amstell, Ruby Wax as the cleaner, Kate Thornton, Harry Hill as the security guard, and violinist Johanna McWeeney-Oxer.
"You've Got a Friend" was shot on location in Uganda. The boys spent a week there in January 2005 for Comic Relief. The video sees McFly with the children of Uganda, playing with them, performing for them, and teaching them to sing. Towards the end of the video, McFly's vocals are removed for a chorus sung by the children.
Track listing
UK CD single
"All About You"
"You've Got a Friend"
"Room on the 3rd Floor"
"All About You" (orchestral version)
"All About You" (video)
Charts and certifications
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2005 songs
2005 singles
McFly songs
Charity singles
Comic Relief singles
Irish Singles Chart number-one singles
Island Records singles
Number-one singles in Scotland
Song recordings produced by Hugh Padgham
Songs written by Carole King
Songs written by Tom Fletcher
UK Singles Chart number-one singles
Universal Records singles
Ingentidens is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian (upper Roadian age) mudstone deposits of Dashankou locality, Xidagou Formation of China. It was first named by Jin-Ling Li and Zheng-Wu Cheng in 1999, from a mandible (IGCAGS V 363). The type species is Ingentidens corridoricus. The generic name means “large” (Inget in Latin) + “tooth” (dens), and the specific name referring to the region of Gansu, the Hexi Corridor where the type specimen was found.
References
Chroniosuchians
Permian tetrapods of Asia
Prehistoric tetrapod genera
Fossil taxa described in 1999
Fossils of China
Roland Bertranne (born 6 December 1949 in Ibos) is a former French rugby union player. They played as a Centre.
Bertranne played for Stade Bagnérais and Toulon. They earned their first national cap on 27 February 1971 against the England in Twickenham and scored a try on debut. They held the French record for most caps (69) for a long time. They still hold the French record of consecutive caps.
They also played for the Barbarians and for a World XV on 9 August 1980 against in Buenos Aires, losing 36-22. Bertranne was the youngest member of the RFU President's Overseas XV squad that played 4 matches as part of the centenary celebrations of the Rugby Football Union in 1971.
Honours
Grand Slam : 1977, 1981
French rugby champion finalist, 1979, 1981 with Stade Bagnérais.
References
External links
sporting-heroes
1949 births
French rugby union players
Living people
France international rugby union players
Rugby union centres
Sportspeople from Hautes-Pyrénées
RC Toulonnais players
Nemeske () is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
The Ninth Gate is a 1999 neo-noir horror thriller film directed, produced, and co-written by Roman Polanski. An international co-production between the United States, Portugal, France, and Spain, the film is loosely based upon Arturo Pérez-Reverte's 1993 novel The Club Dumas. The plot involves authenticating a rare and ancient book that purportedly contains a magical secret for summoning the Devil.
The premiere showing was at San Sebastián, Spain, on 25 August 1999, a month before the 47th San Sebastian International Film Festival. Though critically and commercially unsuccessful in North America, where reviewers compared it unfavorably with Polanski's supernatural film Rosemary's Baby (1968), The Ninth Gate earned a worldwide gross of $58.4 million against a $38 million budget.
Plot
Dean Corso is a New York City rare book dealer who is hired by wealthy collector Boris Balkan. Balkan has acquired a copy of The Nine Gates of the Kingdom of Shadows, a book by 17th-century author Aristide Torchia said to be able to summon the Devil. Torchia is alleged to have written the book in collaboration with the Devil, and only three copies survived when they and their works were burned for heresy. Balkan believes only one of the three is authentic and wants Corso to inspect the other two to determine which one. During their travels, Corso comes into contact with a mysterious woman (identified as "The Girl" in the film's credits) who appears to be following him.
Corso interviews Liana Telfer, the widow of Andrew Telfer who sold Balkan The Nine Gates shortly before killing himself. Telfer later seduces Corso, hoping they will sell the book to them After they have had sex, and they refuse to sell, they attack him, and knocks them unconscious. The next day, Corso goes to a bookseller they had entrusted the book to and finds them hanged in their store like an engraving in The Nine Gates. Corso retrieves the book and travels to Toledo, Spain, to speak to the Ceniza Brothers, book restorers who owned Balkan's copy before the Telfers. The two show them that, of the book's nine engravings, only six are signed "A.T."; the other three are signed "L.C.F." for Lucifer.
Corso travels to Sintra, Lisbon, Portugal, and meets with Victor Fargas who owns a copy of The Nine Gates. Corso finds that three different engravings in their copy are signed "L.C.F.", and the engravings signed this way have subtle differences from those signed "A.T." Corso relays their findings to Balkan and Balkan orders them to acquire Fargas' copy. The next day the Girl takes Corso to see Fargas, who has been drowned; Corso retrieves Fargas's burnt copy from the fireplace and finds the three "L.C.F." engravings torn out. Corso goes to Paris, France, to investigate the third copy owned by Baroness Kessler. Wary of Corso and knowing they are employed by Balkan, they refuse him. Corso hides Balkan's book in their hotel room and tells Kessler about the "L.C.F." engravings, proposing that each copy has three that together make an authentic set of nine. Intrigued, Kessler allows Corso to look at their copy. Corso is attacked, and the Baroness is strangled to death and their library set on fire. Corso returns to their hotel and discovers Balkan's copy is missing, probably stolen by Liana.
The Girl and Corso track Liana to a manor where a Satanic cult are conducting a ritual using Balkan's book. Balkan interrupts the ceremony, takes their copy back, and strangles Liana to death. Corso abandons the Girl, presuming they were working for Balkan, and pursues Balkan but loses him. Corso finds a clue in Kessler's belongings that directs them to a remote castle, where Balkan is preparing to summon the Devil using the nine "L.C.F." engravings. They subdue Corso and forces them to watch as they perform the ritual; it apparently works and grants Balkan power and immunity to harm, and they immolate themselves to demonstrate. However, the ritual did not work and Balkan begins to scream in pain. Corso retrieves the engravings and shoots Balkan. Entering Balkan's car, Corso is confronted by the Girl. The two have sex on the ground, the Girl astride Corso and backlit by the castle, now engulfed in flames. Them face appears to change as they grind on top of Corso.
The Girl explains Balkan's ritual did not work because one of the engravings was forged. When they stop for gas they leaf, but gives Corso a note sending them to the Ceniza brothers. At their shop, Corso finds they have mysteriously vanished and the shop is being cleaned out. As workmen remove a large bookcase, a dust-covered paper floats down from the top. This is the authentic engraving, which depicts a woman who resembles the Girl riding atop a dragon-like beast in front of the burning castle. Corso appears returning to the castle with the gates opening up full of bright blinding light, implying the entrance of the Ninth Gate has opened for him.
Cast
Production
Roman Polanski read the screenplay by Enrique Urbizu, an adaptation of the Spanish novel El Club Dumas (The Club Dumas, 1993), by Arturo Pérez-Reverte. Impressed with the script, Polanski read the novel, liking it because they "saw so many elements that seemed good for a movie. It was suspenseful, funny, and there were a great number of secondary characters that are tremendously cinematic". Pérez-Reverte's novel, El Club Dumas features intertwined plots, so Polanski wrote their own adaptation with their usual partner, John Brownjohn (Tess, Pirates and Bitter Moon). They deleted the novel's literary references and a sub-plot about Dean Corso's investigation of an original manuscript of a chapter of The Three Musketeers, and concentrated upon Corso's pursuing the authentic copy of The Nine Gates.
Polanski approached the subject skeptically, saying, "I don't believe in the occult. I don't believe. Period." Yet they enjoyed the genre. "There [are] a great number of clichés of this type in The Ninth Gate, which I tried to turn around a bit. You can make them appear serious on the surface, but you cannot help but laugh at them." The appeal of the film was that it featured "a mystery in which a book is the leading character" and its engravings "are also essential clues".
In reading El Club Dumas, Polanski pictured Johnny Depp as "Dean Corso", who joined the production as early as 1997, when they met Polanski at the Cannes Film Festival, while promoting The Brave. Initially, they did not think Depp right as "Corso", because the character was forty years old (Depp at the time was only 34). They considered an older actor, but Depp persisted; they wanted to work with Roman Polanski.
The film press reported, around the time of the North American release of The Ninth Gate, creative friction between Depp and Polanski. Depp said, "It's the director's job to push, to provoke things out of an actor". Polanski said of Depp, "He decided to play it rather flat, which wasn't how I envisioned it; and I didn't tell them it wasn't how I saw it". Visually, in the neo-noir genre style, rare-book dealer Dean Corso's disheveled grooming derives from Philip Marlowe, Raymond Chandler's quintessential literary private investigator.
Polanski cast Frank Langella as Boris Balkan based upon their performance as Clare Quilty in Lolita (1997). Barbara Jefford was a last-minute replacement for the German actor originally cast as the Baroness Frieda Kessler, who fell sick with pneumonia, and after a second actor proved unable to learn the character's dialogue; with only days' notice, Jefford learned their part, spoken with a German accent. Depp met their long-time partner Vanessa Paradis during the shooting.
Filming
The Ninth Gate was filmed in France, Portugal, and Spain in the summer of 1998. Selected prominent buildings in the film are:
Chalet Biester, Sintra, Portugal (as mansion of book collector Victor Fargas)
Château de Ferrières, Seine-et-Marne, France (as mansion owned by Liana Telfer)
Château de Puivert, Aude, France (castle seen in the closing scenes of the film)
Calle Buzones in Toledo, Spain (street with Ceniza Brothers' bookshop)
Soundtrack
The musical score for The Ninth Gate was composed by Wojciech Kilar, who previously collaborated with Polanski on Death and the Maiden (1994). The film's main theme is loosely based upon Havanaise, for violin and orchestra, by Camille Saint-Saëns; some of the score has a vocalization (specifically, a melodic aria) by Korean soprano Sumi Jo. A soundtrack album was released on 16 November 1999 via Silva Screen label.
Release and reception
Box office
The premiere screening of The Ninth Gate was in San Sebastián, Spain, on 25 August 1999; in North America, it appeared in 1,586 cinemas during the 10 March 2000 weekend, earning a gross income of $6.6 million, and $18.6 million in total. Worldwide, it earned $58.4 million against a $38 million production budget.
In May 22, 2007 an extended version was released with a runtime of 2 hours and 13 minutes
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 44% based on reviews from 91 critics, with an average rating of 5/10. The consensus reads, "Even though the film is stylish and atmospheric, critics say The Ninth Gate meanders aimlessly and is often ludicrous. And despite the advertising, there's hardly any chills." On Metacritic it has a score of 44 out of 100 based on reviews from 30 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the film a grade D− on scale of A to F.
Roger Ebert said the ending was lackluster, "while at the end, I didn't yearn for spectacular special effects, I did wish for spectacular information — something awesome, not just a fade-to-white". In their review for The New York Times, Elvis Mitchell said the movie was "about as scary as a sock-puppet re-enactment of The Blair Witch Project, and not nearly as funny". Entertainment Weekly rated the film "D+", and Lisa Schwarzbaum said it had an "aroma of middle-brow, art-house Euro-rot, a whiff of decay and hauteur in a film not even a star as foxed, and foxy, as Johnny Depp, himself, could save". In the Los Angeles Times, Kenneth Turan said the film was "too laid-back, and unconcerned about the pacing of its story to be satisfying", because "a thriller that's not high-powered, is an intriguing concept, in reality it can hold our attention for only so long". In the Village Voice, J. Hoberman said the film was "barely releasable hokum, stuffed with cheesy blah-blah". European reviews were generally more attentive and praised the film's pace and irony.
In Sight and Sound magazine, Phillip Strick said it was "not particularly liked at first outing — partly because Johnny Depp, in fake grey temples, personifies the odious Corso of the book a little too accurately — the film is intricately well-made, deserves a second chance, despite its disintegrations, and, in time, will undoubtedly acquire its own coven of heretical fans".
In Time magazine, Richard Corliss said that The Ninth Gate was Polanski's most accessible effort "since fleeing the U.S. soon after Chinatown".
In the San Francisco Chronicle, Bob Graham said that "Depp is the best reason to see Polanski's satanic thriller" and "Polanski's sly sense of film-noir conventions pokes fun at the genre, while, at the same time, honoring it".
After the release of The Ninth Gate, Artisan sued Polanski for taking more than $1 million from the budget, refunds of France's value-added tax that they did not give to the completion bond company guaranteeing Artisan Entertainment a completed film.
References
External links
Texts, engravings and formatting of the book - Original
"Satanic Verses" article from American Cinematographer magazine
1999 films
1990s mystery thriller films
1990s psychological thriller films
1990s supernatural thriller films
French mystery thriller films
Spanish mystery thriller films
Spanish thriller films
1990s French-language films
Latin-language films
Portuguese-language films
1990s Spanish-language films
Fictional gates
Films about bibliophilia
Films based on Spanish novels
Films based on thriller novels
Films based on works by Arturo Pérez-Reverte
Films set in France
Films set in New York City
Films set in Paris
Films set in Portugal
Films set in Spain
Films shot in France
Films shot in Portugal
Films shot in Spain
Films about books
Artisan Entertainment films
Films directed by Roman Polanski
Films produced by Roman Polanski
Films scored by Wojciech Kilar
Films with screenplays by Roman Polanski
English-language French films
French psychological thriller films
Films shot in the province of Toledo
1990s English-language films
1990s French films
1990s Spanish films
Rhabdophis callistus, Boettger's keelback, is a keelback snake in the family Colubridae found in Indonesia.
References
Rhabdophis
Snakes of Southeast Asia
Reptiles of Indonesia
Endemic fauna of Indonesia
Reptiles described in 1873
Taxa named by Albert Günther
Gebo and the Shadow (Portuguese: O Gebo e a Sombra, French: Gebo et l'Ombre) is a 2012 Portuguese-French drama film directed by Manoel de Oliveira. It is based on a play by Raul Brandão. It was shown at the 69th Venice International Film Festival. The film received a 100% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.
It was the final feature film directed by de Oliveira, who was 104 years of age when the film was released, and one of the last film appearances of Jeanne Moreau before their death on 31 July 2017.
Cast
Claudia Cardinale as Doroteia
Jeanne Moreau as Candidinha
Michael Lonsdale as Gebo
Leonor Silveira as Sofia
Ricardo Trêpa as João
Luís Miguel Cintra as Chamiço
References
External links
2012 drama films
Films directed by Manoel de Oliveira
2010s French-language films
2012 films
Portuguese drama films
French drama films
Films shot in Paris
French films based on plays
2010s French films
Hartmaniellidae is a family of polychaetes belonging to the order Eunicida.
Genera:
Hartmaniella Imajima, 1977
References
Polychaetes
Progressive Slovakia () is a social-liberal, progressive, pro-European political party in Slovakia established in 2017. The party chair is European Parliament vice-president Michal Šimečka.
was the only parliamentary deputy of Progressive Slovakia in the National Council until they left for the parliamentary group of the centrist party For the People. In the European Parliament, the party is a member of the Renew Europe group and is a full member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party. The party has three MEPs: Michal Šimečka (vice-president of Renew Europe and vice-president of the parliament), Martin Hojsík, and Michal Wiezik (both environmental activists); Wiezik left for the EPP group and Together – Civic Democracy. Lucia Ďuriš Nicholsonová also cooperates as member of Renew, but not as a member of Progressive Slovakia.
The party rejects cooperating with nationalist and populist parties, for example Direction – Slovak Social Democracy, Slovak National Party, Republic, and People's Party Our Slovakia, with Voice – Social Democracy (due to corruption scandals) and with the socially conservative We Are Family.
Zuzana Čaputová, the current president of Slovakia, was nominated by PS in the 2019 Slovak presidential election, which they won. They ran on a green and pro-European program.
History
The party was registered with the Slovak Interior Ministry on 28 November 2017, after the submission of 13,500 signatures. The party's founding congress was held on 20 January 2018, which resulted in being elected as the party's chairperson. Štefunko views the left–right political spectrum as obsolete, instead aiming for the party to be a centrist and liberal political movement, claiming that "Slovakia is full of people who want a modern, open and European country". However, Štefunko stepped down as the party's leader in 2019 following criticism of their past involvement in business and politics, although the official reasoning for their resignation was due to health issues. Štefunko was replaced by former deputy leader . Truban is an IT professional, an entrepreneur, and an anti-corruption activist, who also favors digitalization of governance and bureaucracy.
The party first gained attention in 2018 when its favored candidate, Matúš Vallo, won the 2018 municipal elections in Bratislava, and subsequently became the city's mayor. After the 2019 presidential election, the victory of Progressive Slovakia's presidential candidate, 45-year-old lawyer Zuzana Čaputová, was hailed by international media commentators as a victory of liberalism over right-wing populism. According to Professor Michael Rossi, Čaputová's popularity is related to their appeal as an outsider amidst frustration over political corruption and clientelism among the electorate. Čaputová first gained fame as a campaigner against a toxic waste dump created by real estate brokers who were connected to the ruling Smer-SD, which led to many commentators describing them as the "Slovak Erin Brockovich". While campaigning for the presidency, Čaputová focused on the issues of corruption, inflation, justice, the environment, and overhaul of healthcare, and ran on the slogan "stand up to evil". They stayed silent on the issue of immigration and open borders, which most Slovaks are opposed to, and was the only major candidate not to condemn the Global Compact on Migration.
The party also got the highest share in the 2019 European Parliament election in Slovakia, earning over 20.1% of the vote and becoming the largest party represented in the Slovak section of the European Parliament, with the establishment Direction – Social Democracy's 15.7% and the neo-fascist Kotleba – People's Party Our Slovakia's 12.1%. For the 2020 parliamentary election, Progressive Slovakia signed a cooperation agreement and non-aggression pact with former president Andrej Kiska's extra-parliamentary For the People party and the Christian Democratic Movement. However on election day, in rather stunning fashion, the PS/Spolu coalition narrowly missed on entering the National Council after finishing with 6.96% of the vote, as coalitions must reach a threshold of 7% in order to enter parliament.
European representation
In the European Parliament, Progressive Slovakia sits in the Renew Europe group with two MEPs.
In the European Committee of the Regions, Progressive Slovakia sits in the Renew Europe CoR group with one full member for the 2020-2025 mandate.
Election results
National Council
European Parliament
Presidential
Leaders
See also
Politics of Slovakia
List of political parties in Slovakia
Notes
References
External links
Official website
2017 establishments in Slovakia
Political parties established in 2017
Centrist parties in Slovakia
Pro-European political parties in Slovakia
Liberal parties in Slovakia
Adelaide Harriet Boddam-Whetham (9 December 1860 – 20 September 1954) was a British archer. They competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics in London. Boddam-Whetham competed at the 1908 Games in the only archery event open to women, the double National round. They took 10th place in the event with 510 points.
References
External links
Adelaide Boddam-Whetham's profile at Sports Reference.com
1860 births
1954 deaths
Archers at the 1908 Summer Olympics
Olympic archers of Great Britain
British female archers
Current Polish coins and banknotes issued by the National Bank of Poland.
Coins
Although some of the coins were minted as early as 1990, they were not released until January 1, 1995, when the złoty was redenominated. There are 100 grosz (gr) to one złoty (zł).
Mintage
Special issue 5zł coins
These special issue coins have value and are intended for general circulation.
Banknotes
Commemorative banknotes
See also
Poland and the euro
Polish złoty
Commemorative coins of Poland
References
Currencies of Poland
Lists of coins
Guttorm Haraldsson was the first son of King Harald Fairhair of Norway and Åsa, daughter of Håkon Grjotgardsson, who was the first Earl of Lade.
Harald had wrested Rånrike in Viken from the Swedish King Erik Eymundsson. Harald made Guttorm king over Rånrike and gave them the responsibility of defending southeast Norway from Sweden.
Guttorm fell in a sea battle against the sea-king Solve Huntiofsson (Solve Klove), son of Huntiof, King of Nordmøre. Solve Klove had earlier escaped capture at the First battle of Solskjel (ca. 870) in which both King Huntiof and King Nokkve of Romsdal had been slain.
References
Other sources
Sturluson, Snorri. Heimskringla: History of the Kings of Norway, translated Lee M. Hollander. Reprinted University of Texas Press, Austin, 1992.
Related Reading
Finlay, Alison (editor and translator) Fagrskinna, a Catalogue of the Kings of Norway (Brill Academic. 2004)
Hermannsson, Halldór (2009) Bibliography of the sagas of the kings of Norway (BiblioBazaar)
Jones, Gwyn (1984) A History of the Vikings (Oxford University Press. 2nd ed) .
9th-century Norwegian nobility
10th-century Norwegian nobility
Fairhair dynasty
Norwegian petty kings
The 1986 Hackney Council election took place on 8 May 1986 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1986
1986 London Borough council elections
Malice n Wonderland is the tenth studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg; it was released on December 8, 2009, by Doggystyle and Priority Records. Production for the album took place from January 2009 to September 2009 at several recording studios and the production was handled by Battlecat, The-Dream, Tricky Stewart, The Neptunes, Teddy Riley, Lil Jon and Terrace Martin.
The album debuted at number 23 on the US Billboard 200 chart, selling 61,000 copies in its first week. Upon its release, Malice n Wonderland received generally mixed to positive reviews from music critics.
Background
The album was originally planned to be released through a distribution deal with MTV, after their departure with Interscope Records. In 2009, Priority Records announced that Snoop Dogg was appointed creative chairperson of Priority Records and the label also announced plans to release their tenth studio album on the label.
The album consists of fourteen tracks and features production from Teddy Riley, Nottz, The Neptunes, The-Dream, and Terrace Martin. Guest features include R. Kelly, Soulja Boy Tell 'Em, and Brandy.
Doggystyle Records president and Snoopadelic Films president Ted Chung, Snoop shooting a mini-movie to accompany the album (similar to their 1994 short film/soundtrack Murder Was the Case), portraying them as a "super gangster".
Reception
Malice n Wonderland was received with generally mixed to positive reviews, with Metacritic giving it 61 out of 100. The Smoking Section said "[Snoop's] one-of-a-kind flow and the knowledge of how to actually craft an enjoyable record will likely continue to serve as one of premiere blueprints in Hip-Hop."
Singles
"Gangsta Luv" featuring The-Dream, was released as the album's lead single on October 6, 2009. The song was produced by American producers, The-Dream and Tricky Stewart, one of two such productions on the album.
The album's second single "That's tha Homie", was released for digital download on November 3, 2009.
The album's third single "I Wanna Rock" was released for digital download on November 17, 2009.
The album's fourth single, "Pronto" featuring Soulja Boy, was released for digital download on December 1, 2009.
Promotion
Snoop Dogg hosted WWE Raw on October 19, 2009 to promote Malice n Wonderland.
Commercial performance
Malice n Wonderland debuted at number 23 on the US Billboard 200, selling 61,000 copies in its opening week. It is their first album since Paid tha Cost to Be da Boss (2002) not to reach the top ten on the Billboard 200, their lowest charting album on the US R&B/Hip-Hop charts and their only album to miss the British and Australian Top 100. Malice n Wonderland has sold over 400,000 copies in the United States as of 2011.
Track listing
Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.
(co.) Co-producer
Sample credits
"I Wanna Rock" contains elements and samples from "It Takes Two" as performed by Rob Base and DJ E-Z Rock and "Think About It" as performed by Lyn Collins.
"Secrets" contains interpolations from "Talking in Your Sleep" as performed by The Romantics.
"Pimpin Ain't EZ" elements and samples from "Zoom" as performed by The Commodores.
Personnel
Credits for Malice n Wonderland adapted from Allmusic.
Musicians
Misty Anderson - background vocals
Bokie - vocals
Soulja Boy - vocals
Brandy - vocals
Shante Broadus - vocals, background vocals
Dee Dimes - background vocals
DJ Ez Dick - vocals
Bryce Doherty - background vocals
The-Dream - vocals, producer
Eric Eylands - background vocals
Andrew Gouche - bass
Dustin Hess - bass guitar
Nipsey Hussle - vocals
Holli Joyce Ivory - background vocals
R. Kelly - vocals
Kokane - vocals
Trevor Lawrence - percussion
Cha'nelle Lewis - background vocals
Bokie Loc - vocals
Terrace Martin - accordion, arranger, keyboards, mixing, producer, saxophone
Rona Mercado - background vocals
Problem - vocals
Kevin Randolph - keyboards
Tricky Stewart - producer
T'yana Shani Stewart - background vocals
Jazmine Sullivan - vocals
Marlon Williams - guitar
Pharrell Williams - vocals
Mansur Zafr - keyboards
Production
Lucky Alvarez - design, layout
Marcella "Ms. Lago" Araica - mixing
B-Don - producer
Jason Bale - assistant engineer
Battlecat - mixing, producer
Mike Bozzi - assistant
Aaron "A-Game" Brunson - keyboard programming
Smith Carlson - assistant
Ted Chung - assistant, engineer
Andrew Coleman - digital editing, engineer
Danja - producer
Scoop DeVille - producer
Dr. Dre - mixing
Shon Don - engineer
Caliph Gamble - engineer
Brian Gardner - mastering
Abel Garibaldi - engineer
Tasha Hayward - hair stylist
Mauricio Iragorri - mixing
Chris Jackson - A&R, engineer
Jaycen Joshua - mixing
Sam Kalandijan - engineer
Justin Keitt - engineer, vocal arrangement
Keke - production coordination
Kori Lewis - assistant
Justin Li - A&R
Lil Jon - vocals, mixing, producer
Giancarlo Lino - mixing assistant
Deborah Mannis-Gardner - sample clearance
Fabian Marasciullo - mixing
Jason Martin - producer
Ian Mereness - engineer
Mister Cartoon - cover art
Luis Navarro - assistant engineer
The Neptunes - producer
Nottz - producer
Estevan Oriol - photography and design
Erik "Mr. E." Ramos - engineer
Erik Reichers - mixing
Robert Reyes - assistant engineer
Teddy Riley - producer
Ramon Rivas - assistant
April Roomet - wardrobe
Marcus Rutledge - engineer
Edward "Poeted" Sanders Jr. - assistant
Constance Schwartz - marketing
Ray Seay - mixing
Kelly Sheehan - engineer
Brent Smith - booking
Snoop Dogg - arranger, executive producer, primary artist, producer
Ethan Sugar - engineer
Super Ced - drum programming, producer
Brian "B-Luv" Thomas - engineer
Pat Thrall - engineer
Frank Vasquez - engineer
Mark Vinten - engineer
Andrew Wuepper - engineer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
References
External links
2009 albums
Snoop Dogg albums
Albums produced by Battlecat (producer)
Albums produced by Danja (record producer)
Albums produced by Lil Jon
Albums produced by Nottz
Albums produced by Scoop DeVille
Albums produced by Teddy Riley
Albums produced by Terrace Martin
Albums produced by Tricky Stewart
Albums produced by The-Dream
Albums produced by the Neptunes
Priority Records albums
Doggystyle Records albums
Arfanul Haque Rifat is a Bangladeshi Awami League politician who is the incumbent mayor of Comilla City Corporation. Rifat is serving as the general secretary of Comilla city unit Awami League since 2017.
Career
Rifat joined the Chhatra League in 1976 and became president of its Comilla city unit after two years. They also served as a senior vice-president of the district unit of Jubo League.  They are serving as District Football Association president since 2010. In 2022 Cumilla City Corporation election, Rifat defeated their closest rival former BNP leader Monirul Haque Sakku by a margin of only 343 votes. They take oath on 5 June 2022 by Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina as 2nd Mayor of Cumilla City Corporation (CUSIC).
Controversies
Rifat was listed number one patrons of drug dealers and smugglers in Cumilla according to a government agency which was listed by prime ministers office in 2018, according to The Daily Star, Vorer Kagoj, Prothom Alo and other credible media. Though, the leaders of Awami League denied the allegations.
References
Living people
Awami League politicians
Year of birth missing (living people)
Mayors of Comilla
People from Comilla District
Today Is Vintage is an entertainment company founded in 2012 by music mogul Rebstar. Spearheading the "Swedish invasion", Today Is Vintage is the country's leading record label, music publisher and management firm in hip hop export with its headquarters in New York City.
History
Today Is Vintage was founded by Swedish artist Rebstar in 2012 to serve as a platform for creative minds with international potential.
In late 2012, American-Hungarian Kállay Saunders became the first artist to sign to the label with their first single My Baby peaking #1 on the Hungarian Top 40 chart. Following up with international success, My Baby was a top contender for Hungary in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013, ending up as the runner-up in the Hungarian qualifiers.
In mid 2014 it was announced that Gambian recording artist Saint has signed to the label.
On December 18, 2016, Rebstar revealed LE SINNER as the latest signee to Today Is Vintage. On January 13, they released LE SINNER's debut single "Paris". Within 2 weeks of its release "Paris", peaked #1 on Spotify's Viral Charts in the USA.
Today Is Vintage is also known for arranging concerts and events in Sweden under the brand Le Fest.
In 2019, Today Is Vintage moved its headquarters to New York City.
In 2020, the company launched its film and TV production division with Saturday Night Live writer Megan Callahan-Shah serving as co-founder and co-CEO.
As of 2022, the company represents Grammy winners and artists, songwriters and producers accumulating over 10 billion streams worldwide.
Roster
Amadeus
DJ Pain 1
Evince
fransisco!
GERD
Gingr
Isac Cederborg
LE SINNER
MoonFace
Naod
New West
Rebstar
Riley Bell
SYNCHRO
T-Minus
Virgin Miri
WIZARDMCE
References
External links
www.todayisvintage.com
Swedish record labels
Event management companies of Sweden
Today Is Vintage
Today Is Vintage
Publishing companies established in 2012
Record labels established in 2012
Hip hop record labels
Pop record labels
Team Angle is a professional wrestling tag team and stable that has had many incarnations led by Kurt Angle in both World Wrestling Federation/Entertainment (WWF/WWE) and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).
Team ECK/Team RECK (WWF), consisting of Kurt Angle along with Christian and Edge and later Rhyno.
Team WWF (WWF), consisting of a fan favorite character of Angle and other past and current multiple fan favorites during the Invasion storyline. Angle was the leader after the original leader Stone Cold Steve Austin betrayed them and joined The Alliance and before The Rock made their return. This was also the only full-time stable where Angle was a fan favorite.
The World's Greatest Tag Team (WWE), consisting of Kurt Angle along with Charlie Haas and Shelton Benjamin.
An alliance, consisting of Kurt Angle along with Luther Reigns and Mark Jindrak.
The Angle Alliance (TNA), consisting of Kurt Angle (with Karen Angle) along with A.J. Styles and Tomko.
The Main Event Mafia (TNA), consisting of Kurt Angle along with Booker T (with Sharmell), Kevin Nash, Scott Steiner, and Sting.
The term Team Angle has also existed referring to one-time alliances such as:
Team at Survivor Series (WWE), consisting of Kurt Angle along with Bradshaw, Chris Benoit, Hardcore Holly, and John Cena.
Team at Survivor Series (WWE), consisting of Kurt Angle along with Carlito Caribbean Cool, Luther Reigns, and Mark Jindrak.
Team at Lockdown (TNA), consisting of Kurt Angle along with Jeff Jarrett, Rhino, Samoa Joe, and Sting.
Team at Lockdown (TNA), consisting of Kurt Angle along with Booker T, Kevin Nash, and Scott Steiner.
Ragy Thomas is an American executive and entrepreneur, best known as founder and CEO of Sprinklr, a company that develops a customer experience management platform. They were previously president of Epsilon Interactive, now part of advertising network Publicis, and founded email marketing company Bigfoot Interactive.
Education and early life
Thomas was born and grew up in Kerala in India, the son of academic parents who uprooted and moved frequently. Thomas' parents moved to Nigeria for work when they were in the third grade. When Thomas was in the fifth grade, their parents returned to India and enrolled them in boarding school.
They attended Pondicherry Engineering College in India, and earned a degree in Computer Science Engineering. In 1996, while working for international consultancy Tata Unisys (now Tata Consultancy Services) they came to Wisconsin in the United States. They then moved to New Jersey to do IT consulting for AT&T and Bell Labs, and worked for a dot com startup during the boom of 2000. They attended New York University Stern School of Business part-time and earned their MBA in Finance and Information Systems.
Career
Bigfoot Interactive/Epsilon Interactive
After the dot-com bubble burst, Thomas co-founded an email marketing company that became Bigfoot Interactive. Thomas served first as CTO. In 2005, the company was acquired by marketing services company Alliance Data, and was renamed Epsilon Interactive. In 2006, Thomas became president of Epsilon Interactive. At Epsilon, they oversaw the technical integration between Bigfoot and DoubleClick Email Solutions, acquired from online advertising company DoubleClick in 2006. They left Epsilon Interactive in 2008.
Sprinklr
In 2009, Thomas founded social media and customer management company Sprinklr, and serves as its CEO. The idea for the company reportedly came to Thomas in 1999 when they were managing email marketing for Bigfoot International's predecessor.
By July 2016, Sprinklr was valued at $1.8 billion, giving it Unicorn status. In September 2020, the company raised $200 million from private-equity firm Hellman & Friedman in a deal that valued the company at $2.7 billion. On June 23, 2021, Sprinklr went public on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol CXM.
Entertainment producing
Thomas was a producer of the 2015 Indian Malayalam language film Ennu Ninte Moideen, directed by RS Vimal. They also co-produced The Parisian Woman, a Broadway play starring actor Uma Thurman.
Personal life
Thomas lives in New Jersey with their wife and two children.
References
External links
Ragy Thomas on Twitter
American technology chief executives
New York University Stern School of Business alumni
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Savinkov () is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Savinkova. It may refer to
Boris Savinkov (1879–1925), Russian writer and revolutionary terrorist
Galina Savinkova (born 1953), Soviet discus thrower
Ludmila Savinkova (born 1936), Soviet rhythmic gymnast
Russian-language surnames
The T.G. Smith Centre is an ice hockey complex in Steinbach, Manitoba, Canada. It features two indoor arenas and one outdoor ice rink.
History
The original part of the complex, the Steinbach Centennial Arena, opened in 1967 and accommodates up to 1,250 spectators (seated and standing room combined). A second indoor rink was constructed in the mid-1990s after which the entire complex was named after the late T.G. Smith, a local banker and supporter of local sport programs. The newer of the two indoor rinks, the T.G. Smith Arena, has a capacity of approximately 300.
The T.G. Smith Centre has been the home of the Steinbach Pistons of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League since 2009. It is also the longtime home of the Steinbach Huskies junior and senior hockey teams, as well as the community's minor hockey, ringette, and figure skating programs.
In Senior 'AAA' hockey, the arena has played host to two Allan Cup national senior "AAA" championships: the Steinbach North Stars, active from 2007 to 2010, hosted the 2009 event, while the South East Prairie Thunder hosted in 2016.
In international hockey, the T.G. Smith Centre hosted the ninth place game of the 2002 World Under-17 Hockey Challenge, in which Germany defeated Finland.
Aside from hockey, the T.G. Smith Centre has hosted two Manitoba Provincial Curling Championships (2006, 2010). The Centennial Arena's capacity can be increased to 1,600 spectators for major curling events.
The arena underwent major renovations in 2017 which saw the installation of a new ceiling cover and LED lighting in the Centennial Arena. In addition, a new high definition video scoreboard was purchased for the Pistons and an outdoor fireplace was installed in front of the building. In March 2019, the T.G. Smith Centre hosted Rogers Hometown Hockey, the first time the program was hosted by a southeastern Manitoba community.
Future
In June 2012, the Steinbach city council began planning the construction of new recreational facilities for the city. The first phase of the project, a movie theatre and the new Steinbach Curling Club attached to the T.G. Smith Centre, was completed in October 2014. However, city council cancelled the remainder of this project in 2016.
A new proposal by a non-profit group called Southeast Events Centre Inc. was presented and approved by city council in 2019 which would see part of the existing T.G. Smith Centre, namely the Centennial Arena, replaced with a new 2,500-seat arena, field house, and atrium. This project was confirmed to be proceeding when funding details from all levels of government were made public in July 2021.
Major Events
1979 Allan Cup Western Canadian Finals
2002 Air Canada Cup Western Regional Championship
2006 Safeway Select
2009 Allan Cup
2010 Safeway Select
2013 Turnbull Cup Finals
2015 Turnbull Cup Finals
2016 Allan Cup
2016 Turnbull Cup Finals
2017 Telus Cup Western Regional Championship
2018 Esso Cup Western Regional Championship
2018 Turnbull Cup Finals
2018 ANAVET Cup
External links
City of Steinbach Website
References
Sport in Steinbach, Manitoba
Indoor ice hockey venues in Canada
Indoor arenas in Manitoba
1967 establishments in Manitoba
Sports venues completed in 1967
Bearsted railway station serves Bearsted in Kent, England. The station and all trains serving it are operated by Southeastern. It is down the line from via Herne Hill.
Inside the station building are a manned and self-service ticket sales and a café. A new footbridge was built on the opposite side of the station from the original in 2011.
History
Bearsted station opened on 1 July 1884 as part of the London, Chatham and Dover Railway's extension of the line from Maidstone to . The goods yard was on the upside. It comprised three sidings, one of which served a good shed. A 30 cwt-capacity crane was provided. Freight facilities were withdrawn on 7 October 1968. The signal box closed on 14 April 1984. A refuge siding was located on the downside.
Services
Current Services
All services at Bearsted are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to
1 tph to via and
During the peak hours and on Saturdays, the station is served by an additional hourly service between London Victoria and Ashford International, increasing the service to 2 tph in each direction. There are also a small number of services to and from London Blackfriars.
Future Services
In December 2019, it was planned that a new Thameslink service between Maidstone East and service would start with the first and last trains extended to Ashford International and therefore calling at Bearsted. However the introduction of this service has now been postponed to an unknown date.
References
Sources
External links
Borough of Maidstone
Railway stations in Kent
Former London, Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1884
Railway stations served by Southeastern
1884 establishments in England
In enzymology, a 3-(hydroxyamino)phenol mutase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
3-hydroxyaminophenol aminohydroquinone
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, 3-hydroxyaminophenol, and one product, aminohydroquinone.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular transferases transferring hydroxy groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is 3-(hydroxyamino)phenol hydroxymutase. Other names in common use include 3-hydroxylaminophenol mutase, and 3HAP mutase.
References
EC 5.4.4
Enzymes of unknown structure
James Milton French (September 14, 1834 – January 3, 1916) was a nineteenth-century Virginia lawyer, Confederate officer and politician, who served as a delegate to the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1868 and later became a state senator before moving west.
Early life
On September 14, 1834, James Milton French was born to George Pearis French (1804–1850) and their wife Martha (Patsy) Bolton French (1808–1891) at Boyd Place, on Wolf Creek in what became Bland County, Virginia. Their great-grandfather Matthew French (1737–1814) had married in Culpeper, Virginia and settled with their wife and seven children on Wolf Creek in the New River (Kanawha River) valley in 1775. Matthew and their eldest son John had fought for independence in the Montgomery County militia, including at the Battle of Wetzell's Mills and Battle of Guilford Courthouse. James M. French was named after their grandfather, Matthew's third son James. moved to James M. French had at least three brothers (Joseph, George and Daniel French) who later served under them in the Confederate States Army. James M. French read law and was admitted to the bar in Wise County, Virginia before the American Civil War.
James M. French married three times. Their first marriage was on February 20, 1856, to Rhoda Loudema Henderson (1836–1879), daughter of their legal mentor Augustus F. Henderson (elected Commonwealth Attorney of Wise County in 1860). They had at least eight children, of whom seven survived to adulthood: Nancy Jane French (1856–1860) died as a child, Robert Napoleon French (1859–1927) later became a lawyer in Arizona, Wirt A. French (1862–1918) moved to West Virginia, James Thompson French (1866–1943) became a Methodist minister in Kentucky, Virginia Katharine French (1866–1954), George Henderson French (1871–1940), Mattie May French (1876–1963) and Oshie Anna French Sincock (1878–1964) of North Carolina. After Rhoda French died, French married Lucy Gooch, and later on July 21, 1898 Lillian Lee Ogden (1866–1960), who survived him.
Career
French had begun their legal practice in Gladeville in Wise County, Virginia but soon moved to Pearisburg, the Giles County seat which was named for their ancestor. Their practice included several southwest Virginia counties. They ran for Commonwealth attorney of Wise County against their father-in-law in 1860, but lost.
Confederate military officer
During the American Civil War, French and their brother Joseph enlisted in the 51st Virginia Infantry at Abingdon on July 16, 1861, along with Augustus Henderson and others from Wise County. Joseph S. French remained a private in the Confederate States Army and received a medical discharge a month later, as would many members of the unit by winter (which lost far more men due to exposure, poor diet and the camp diseases of pneumonia, dysentery, typhoid fever and measles than in combat; Joseph S. French would then re-enlist in their brother's 63rd Virginia in Chattanooga in November 1863 but had baggage duty and went home the following February).
In mid-1861 Augustus Henderson received a first lieutenant's commission and their son-in-law James French received a second lieutenant's commission. The unit, commanded at first by Brig. Gen. Gabriel C. Wharton and Lt. Col. James Woods Massie both VMI professors, and George Alfred Cunningham, tried to defend the Kanawha Valley, but by fall lost the Battle of Carnifex Ferry (which led to the creation of the state of West Virginia). By January 2, 1862, the remainder of the 51st Virginia and other units traveled by railroad to Bowling Green, Kentucky, where they took steamboats to assist the defense of Nashville, Tennessee. After combination with the 56th Virginia in mid-February 1862, the Confederates lost the Battle of Fort Donelson on the Cumberland River, the first major combat the 51st Virginia faced. However, the unit managed to evacuate before the fort's surrender to assist in defending Nashville and Chattanooga. It returned to Abington in late March 1862 to recover and reorganize. Its General, former Virginia governor John G. Floyd, was then reassigned to organize the Virginia State Line Battalion of home guards, and many men resigned (or transferred or refused to re-enlist) after disciplinarian Gen. Henry Heth was placed in command. Later that year, they won the Battle of Charleston (1862) and seized the Kanawha saltworks.
However, on May 26, 1862, immediately after the 51st Virginia participated in the ignominious defeat at the Battle of Lewisburg (where panicked Confederates escaped and burned the bridge over the Greenbrier River in their escape), Lt. French was released from the 51st Virginia to help recruit the 63rd Virginia Infantry in southwest Virginia and southern West Virginia. They received a commission as Major (under Col. James J. McMahon, a Presbyterian minister who had previously served under Gen. Floyd). The 63rd Virginia trained at Camp Narrows near Pearisburg during the summer of 1862 and on September 12, 1862 scored their first victory, a skirmish at Montgomery Ferry in the Charleston Campaign, but withdrew from the Kanawha valley again, because reinforcements were needed after the Battle of Antietem in October 1862, and these troops were likely returned to Giles County to guard the narrows of the New River and Saltville, Virginia. On December 17, 1862 they embarked trains at Wytheville and arrived to defend Richmond two days later. They camped and fought that winter in Southampton County, Virginia and northeastern North Carolina, although Col. French was away recruiting much of the time.
On April 15, 1863, Col. John Dils (1818–1895) and the Unionist 39th Kentucky home guard captured Col. French, together with their company surgeon, 14 officers and 70 men near Shelby Fork and Pikeville in eastern Kentucky, where they were attempting to recruit the 65th Virginia regiment (as well as dissuading Confederate sympathizers from enrolling in Col. Nathaniel C. Menifee's regiment, which had raided Pikeville and also engaged in atrocities). Col. French and other Confederate prisoners were taken to Camp Chase in Ohio. In part due to Col. Dils' high regard for Col. French's integrity (and Dils' prior imprisonment at the notorious Libby Prison in Richmond), they were exchanged for Union prisoners at City Point, Virginia within a month, and many ceased fighting. Col. James French's brother George D. French commanded Company D of the 63rd Virginia, and would continue to command Company B under Col. Clarence J. Prentice of Kentucky, when the unit also was involved in atrocities.
On September 13, 1863, Col. McMahon was removed from command of the 63rd Virginia, and Major French led the men to victory during the Battle of Chickamauga on September 18–21, 1863, where about 1/3 became casualties and Lt.Col. Abram Fulkerson (although technically of the 63rd Tennessee, and later a U.S. Congressman from Virginia) was among those receiving commendations for valor. However, Confederate forces were then defeated at the Battle of Missionary Ridge on November 25, 1863, and the unit's provisioning and disease problems worsened that winter.
James M. French was promoted to colonel on April 4, 1864 and wounded in action on August 22, 1864 at Mt. Zion Church during the Atlanta Campaign. They were taken prisoner a second time on December 5, 1864 near La Vergne, Tennessee during the Franklin-Nashville Campaign and again sent to Camp Chase on April 11, 1865, where they were paroled on July 25, 1865.
Postwar career
Following the war, James French resumed their legal practice at Pearisburg and surrounding counties. Wise County had only one resident lawyer, the Commonwealth Attorney by default, Alexander W. Smith.
In 1867, voters from Bland and Tazewell counties elected French to the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1868. A Conservative, they were the sole delegate elected from that western transmontane convention district. Voters in July 1869 ultimately approved that new state Constitution (which eliminated the 1850 Constitution's provisions authorizing slavery, among others) and refused to adopt two provisions disenfranchising former Confederates.
Following the Constitution's approval (which allowed Congressional Reconstruction to end and Virginia's readmission to the Union), French was subsequently elected and reelected to the Senate of Virginia. Although the district boundaries changed in 1867, 1869 and again in 1871, they represented Pulaski, Bland, Giles and Russell for the 1869/70 and 1870/71 sessions, and Pulaski, Bland, Tazewell and Russell counties in 1871/72 and 1872/73.
However, by 1880, French had moved their practice (including a law student boarder) and family to Mercer, West Virginia on the New River (Kanawha River). The city had grown because of a Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad line through Huntington, which linked Virginia and West Virginia coalfields to the Ohio River.
In 1899, Governor James Hoge Tyler appointed French as a member of the Virginia Commission working with a National Commission to locate the position of Virginia troops in the Battle of Chickamauga.
French later moved to Cochise County, Arizona, where their eldest son Robert N. French practiced law. The 75-year-old operated a ranch with their third wife Lilian and grandson Wirt (1887–1857) in 1910.
Death
James M. French later moved to southern California, where their daughter May lived with their husband Howard F. Worth, a wealthier merchant (and independent Republican, although Mrs. May Worth was president of the Woman's Woodrow Wilson League of San Diego County, among other charitable activities). Col. French died in San Diego County, California on January 3, 1916, survived by their third wife, several children and grandchildren.  They are buried there in Mount Hope Cemetery.
References
Virginia state senators
People from Wise County, Virginia
People from Pearisburg, Virginia
People from Bland County, Virginia
1834 births
1916 deaths
Confederate States Army officers
People of Virginia in the American Civil War
People from Princeton, West Virginia
Jaquarii Roberson (born July 28, 1998) is an American football wide receiver for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). They played college football at Wake Forest and signed with the Cowboys as an undrafted free agent in 2022. Roberson holds the single season record for receiving yards per game (102.9) at Wake Forest.
Early life and high school
Roberson was born in Murfreesboro, NC to Satoya Powell and the late Paul N. Roberson Jr. They attended Hertford County High School in Ahoskie, NC, where they played football as a wide receiver. In their junior year, they broke school records, with 66 receptions for 1,480 yards and 19 TDs. The following year, they amassed 76 receptions for 1,370 yards and 15 TDs in their senior year. They were named to the NCPreps 2A All-State team their senior year and All-Northeastern Coastal 2A Conference as a junior and senior. In basketball, they were named All-District their sophomore and junior years.
Recruiting
Roberson was a consensus three-star wide receiver out of high school, listed as a top 50 player in the state by 247Sports. They had offers from East Carolina, NC State, and Old Dominion, but ultimately decided to play at Wake Forest under head coach Dave Clawson.
College career
Freshman year
Roberson enrolled at Wake Forest in June 2017. They redshirted their first-year student year, seeing no on-field action. Roberson was named scout team player of the week following the team's week 10 victory over Syracuse.
Sophomore year
Roberson entered the 2018 season as a redshirt first-year student. They saw their first collegiate action in the Demon Deacons' week 5 wins over Rice, logging 2 catches for 2 yards. In the Birmingham Bowl vs Memphis, Roberson earned their first start, gaining 15 yards on 2 receptions. They ended the season totaling 4 catches for 74 yards.
Junior year
Coming into the 2019 season, Roberson was nursing an injury that kept them off the depth chart in week 1. In their first start of the season vs Elon in week 4, they caught their first career collegiate touchdown while getting a then career-high 60 yards on 3 catches. They finished the season with 6 receptions with 80 yards and a TD.
Senior year
In their redshirt junior year, Roberson broke out as the team's starting slot receiver. They accumulated 92 yards on 4 receptions in the Demon Deacons' first game of the season vs top-ranked Clemson. Roberson had their first 100-yard game in a week 7 win over Virginia, racking up a team-high 126 yards on 7 catches. In the team's final four games of the season, they had over 100 yards in each game, tied for the longest streak in Wake Forest history. During the stretch, they amassed 36 receptions for 566 yards and 7 TDs. Roberson tallied up 62 receptions for 926 yards and 8 TDs in the team's 9 games. Their 102.9 receiving yards per game is the most in a single season in Demon Deacons history and most in the ACC that year. Pro Football Focus had Roberson graded as the nation's second-best receiver behind Heisman Trophy winner Devonta Smith with a 92.6 grade. Their efforts garnered a spot on the second-team All-ACC roster.
Final year
Because of the Covid-19 pandemic, every player from the 2020 season earned an extra year of eligibility, keeping Roberson as a redshirt junior. Before the season, Roberson gained national attention for their all-conference efforts. They were picked to be on the preseason first-team All-ACC team and the 2021 Biletnikoff Award and Maxwell Award watch lists. In the week 1 win over Old Dominion, Roberson had 6 catches for 46 yards and a TD. They had their best game of the season in the week 8 wins over Army, recording 8 receptions for a season-high 157 yards and 3 TDs. Wake Forest won the ACC Atlantic Division for the first time since 2006, playing in the 2021 ACC Championship Game against 15-ranked Pittsburgh in what would be Roberson's final game as a Demon Deacon. They had 9 catches for 54 yards in a 45-21 loss. A few days before the team's appearance in the TaxSlayer Gator Bowl, Roberson announced that they would not play in the game in order to start preparing for the 2022 NFL Draft, citing a minor knee surgery as the reason why. Roberson finished the season with 71 receptions for 1,078 yards, both career-highs, and 8 TDs. For the second season in a row, Roberson was named second-team All-ACC. In their collegiate career, they totaled 146 receptions for 2,158 yards and 17 TDs.
Roberson accepted an invitation to the 2022 East-West Shrine Bowl to showcase their skills before the draft, but did not end up playing.
College statistics
Professional career
Dallas Cowboys
Roberson signed with the Dallas Cowboys as an undrafted free agent on April 30, 2022, shortly after the 2022 NFL Draft. They were waived on August 23, 2022.
Pittsburgh Steelers
On September 7, 2022, Roberson signed with the Pittsburgh Steelers practice squad.
References
External links
Wake Forest Demon Deacons bio
1998 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
Wake Forest Demon Deacons football players
People from Murfreesboro, North Carolina
Dallas Cowboys players
Pittsburgh Steelers players
A diabetic bulla is a cutaneous condition characterized by a noninflammatory, spontaneous, painless blister, often in acral locations (peripheral body parts, such as feet, toes, hands, fingers, ears or nose), seen in diabetic patients.
See also
Diabetic dermadromes
Skin lesion
List of cutaneous conditions
References
External links
Skin conditions resulting from errors in metabolism
The 1981 Royal Bank of Scotland World Women's Curling Championship, the women's world curling championship, was held from 16 to 21 March at the Perth Ice Arena in Perth, Scotland.
Teams
Round robin standings
Round robin results
Draw 1
Draw 2
Draw 3
Draw 4
Draw 5
Draw 6
Draw 7
Draw 8
Draw 9
Playoffs
Semifinals
Final
External links
World Women's Curling Championship
1981 in women's curling
Sport in Perth, Scotland
Women's curling competitions in Scotland
1981 in Scottish sport
March 1981 sports events in the United Kingdom
International curling competitions hosted by Scotland
1981 in Scottish women's sport
The Zijlpoort was a city gate in Haarlem, built in the 17th century. Salomon de Bray was involved in the design. It is depicted on the painting "De Zijlpoort van Haarlem" (c. 1670) by Gerrit Berckheyde. It was named after "Het Zijl", a small stream coming from the dunes, that was later dug out to become the Brouwersgracht. The Zijlpoort was demolished in 1824.
Buildings and structures in Haarlem
Buildings and structures demolished in 1824
Demolished buildings and structures in the Netherlands
Cornouaille (; ) is a historical region on the west coast of Brittany in West France. The name is cognate with Cornwall in neighbouring Great Britain. This can be explained by the settlement of Cornouaille by migrant princes from Cornwall who created an independent principality founded by Rivelen Mor Marthou, and the founding of the Bishopric of Cornouaille by ancient saints from Cornwall. Celtic Britons and the settlers in Brittany spoke a common language, which later evolved into Breton, Welsh and Cornish.
Etymology
The toponym Cornouaille was established in the early Middle Ages in the southwest of the Breton peninsula. Prior to this, following the withdrawal of Rome from Britain, other British migrants from what is now modern Devon had established the region of Domnonea (in Breton) or Domnonée (in French) in the north of the peninsula, taken from the Latin Dumnonia.
The region was first mentioned in surviving records by a Cornouaille-related name between 852 and 857, when Anaweten, bishop of Saint-Corentin at Quimper Cathedral, took over Cornugallensis under the order of Nominoe, Duke of Brittany and Tad ar Vro. The names Cornwall and Cornouaille, like the surname Cornwallis, are from Corn-wealas. The first element is from the name of a Brythonic tribe Latinized as Cornovii, meaning 'peninsula people', from the Celtic kernou, 'horn, headland'. It is a cognate of the English word horn, both being from PIE *ker- 'uppermost part of the body, head, horn, top, summit'. The second element is the Anglo-Saxon suffix -wealas, from walh, a word used by the Germanic speakers for 'a non-Germanic foreigner', especially Celtic speakers but also sometimes used for Romance-language speakers. Walh is an element found in the words and names walnut, Walloon, Wales, Wallasey, Waleswood, Wallachia, Wallace, Walcheren, and Walsh.
A Corn-/Kern- name was used in reference to the resettling of the new wave Celts from Great Britain in formerly Dumnonian-seized lands. This is related to the difference between Grande-Bretagne (Great Britain) and Bretagne (Brittany) in French, with Brittany having originally been thought of a British colony (and the second such in the same area). In Breton, Cornouaille is known as Kernev or Bro-Gernev, and in Latin as Cornugallia or Cornubia. In Cornish, Kernev is written Kernow, but the pronunciation is the same.
History
Strong contacts between Armorica (a larger region than the Duchy of Brittany or modern Brittany) and southern Britain had already been noted by Julius Caesar. Native British troops were hired to support the usurpation of Magnus Maximus, who is said to have settled them in Armorica. Settlements expanded when invading Anglo-Saxons expanded westward within Britain. Strong links existed in the 6th century between the British and Armorican territories. Legends about King Arthur and the Matter of Britain make frequent reference to the maritime connections between the peoples of Wales, southern Ireland, Cornwall in southwestern Britain and the early kingdoms of Brittany, cf. the tale of Tristan and Iseult.
The existence of an ancient district in Anjou called "la Cornuaille" has led to the hypothesis that Cornouaille may have been a geographical or military label for all of southern Brittany as far as the northern shore of Domnonée in the 6th or 7th century.
At the origin of this feudal county, the reigning dynasty acceded to a dukedom of the region, which then passed to the Ancient Lord-Bishop of Quimper.
Diocese
The name Cornouaille signifies the diocese of Quimper which persisted until the French Revolution. The diocese covered more than half of the south of Finistère, and extended over part of Morbihan and the Côtes-d'Armor. There were two archdeacons, one for Cornouaille and one for Poher. There were also a cantor, a treasurer, a theologian and twelve canons. This episcopal division was the poorest in Brittany.
After the French Revolution, the new constitution created a diocese of Finistère, erasing that of the diocese of Kerne (Cournouaille); most of the old diocese was absorbed into the new.
Traditional districts
List of rulers
Gradlon (semi-legendary)
Rivelen Mor Marthou (c. 430)
Congar (c. 450)
Daniel Drem Rud (c. 500)
Melar (c. 500s)
Budic II (c. 545)
Macliau (544-577)
Judicael (circa 857-874) - the county of Cornouaille is not yet precisely defined. Its leaders represent the interests of "western Brittany" and join the King of Brittany in fights against the Vikings.
Riwallon (circa 874)
Gourmaëlon (early 10th century)
Alan II (early to mid-10th century)
Alain Canhiart
Hoel of Cornouaille, who ruled Brittany as Duke jure uxoris.
Alan IV
Notes
Medieval Brittany
Geography of Brittany
Geography of Finistère
Barbarian kingdoms
Geographical, historical and cultural regions of France
Former principalities
Barbara Avedon (June 14, 1925 – August 31, 1994) was an American television writer, political activist, and feminist. They founded the anti-war organization Another Mother for Peace.
Biography
They were one of the writers for the television series Bewitched, and helped a group of Jefferson High School students write the episode "Sisters at Heart". They also wrote for Executive Suite and Fish, a 1977-78 spin-off from Barney Miller. With Barbara Corday, Avedon created Cagney & Lacey, the world's first dramatic television series to place women in both of its starring roles. They came up with the idea for this television series after having read Molly Haskell's book From Reverence to Rape which stated that there had never been a female buddy film. Avedon and Corday initially intended Cagney & Lacey to be a film. While they were writing the series together, Avedon was more experienced and proficient in screenwriting than Corday, and Avedon mentored Corday in this area throughout the series. They were best friends for nearly a decade.
Personal life
Avedon married twice. Them first husband was Phil Sharp; they remained married until their death. Them second husband was Mel Avedon; they had one child before the marriage was dissolved. Them son Joshua is a co-founder of Jumpstart, a not-for-profit that focuses on transforming the broader Jewish community through spirituality, learning, social activism, and culture, and the Jewish congregation IKAR.
References
1925 births
1994 deaths
American television writers
American women television writers
American feminist writers
20th-century American women writers
American women screenwriters
20th-century American screenwriters
Screenwriters from New York (state)
Writers from New York City
Distomus variolosus is a species of tunicate or sea squirt in the family Styelidae. It is native to the northeastern Atlantic Ocean where it lives on the seabed, typically on the stems and fronds of kelp.
Description
Distomus variolosus is a colonial sea squirt that forms leathery patches, often encircling the stems of kelp. The zooids are globose or ovoid and about high, with the two short siphons close together near the apex. It is difficult to distinguish the buccal siphon from the exhalant siphon. The zooids are separate, but linked by the base or the sides. Zooids with closed siphons have a warty appearance, giving the species its specific name. Generally red, the colonies may be spotted with yellow, brown or pink.
Distribution and habitat
Distomus variolosus is found in the northeastern Atlantic Ocean. Its range extends from the southwest of Great Britain and Ireland as far south as Portugal. It has been reported from the Mediterranean Sea but this is probably a misidentification of Distomus fuscus, which is believed to be the only member of the genus to be found in the Mediterranean. It typically grows on the stems and blades of kelp, such as Laminaria digitata, Laminaria hyperborea and Saccharina latissima, at the base of hydroids, and sometimes colonises the shells of crustaceans such as the spider crab, Maja brachydactyla.
Biology
Sea squirts take in water through the buccal siphon and expel it through the exhalant siphon, having filtered out any edible particles. The colonies grow by budding new zooids. Distomus variolosus is a hermaphrodite. Sexual reproduction takes place with sperm being liberated into the sea by a male phase zooid. When this is drawn into a female phase zooid, fertilisation takes place and the larva is brooded in the sea squirt's body cavity. When it is mature enough, it is expelled into the water column, and after a short planktonic life, settles on the substrate to form a new colony.
References
Stolidobranchia
Fauna of the Atlantic Ocean
Animals described in 1774
Taxa named by Joseph Gaertner
Richard Kaser (born c. 1933) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions and Ottawa Rough Riders. They won the Grey Cup with Ottawa in 1960. They played college football for the University of Toledo.
References
1930s births
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Living people
Hükümet Kadın 2 (Government Woman 2) is a 2013 Turkish comedy film, directed and written by Sermiyan Midyat. It is a prequel to the 2013 film Hükümet Kadın and its story takes place seven years before that of the original film.
References
External links
2013 films
2013 comedy films
Turkish comedy films
2010s Turkish-language films
Turkish sequel films
Christine Margaret Oddy (20 September 1955 – 27 July 2014) was an English politician.
Born and brought up in Coventry, they were educated at Stoke Park School, University College London, the Institute of European Studies, and Birkbeck College. They worked as a solicitor, and later as a lecturer, also serving as an officer for NATFHE.
Oddy was the Labour Member of the European Parliament for the Midlands Central constituency from 1989 to 1999. They won the seat from the Conservatives in 1989 and retained it in 1994. They served on several committees including Committee on Women's Rights, and also spent time as the treasurer of the European Parliamentary Labour Party.
However, they only obtained seventh place out of eight on the proposed Labour Party candidate list for the West Midlands constituency for the 1999 European Parliament elections.
They then took the Labour Party to an industrial tribunal about the selection procedures for the list, and was removed altogether from the Labour Party list about a month before the election.
They resigned from the Labour Party, and contested, as an independent, the 1999 European election in the West Midlands constituency (gaining 36,000 votes) and the 2001 UK general election in Coventry North West.
Cancer and death
They later won damages from University Hospital Coventry in relation to alleged shortcomings with their care and treatment for cervical cancer. The cancer metastasized and they died on 27 July 2014.
References
1955 births
2014 deaths
Alumni of Birkbeck, University of London
Alumni of University College London
MEPs for England 1989–1994
MEPs for England 1994–1999
20th-century women MEPs for England
Labour Party (UK) MEPs
Politicians from Coventry
Deaths from cervical cancer
Deaths from cancer in England
The Temptation of St. Tony () is a 2009 Estonian film written and directed by Veiko Õunpuu, starring Taavi Eelmaa. The plot has been described as a black comedy and centers around a successful, middle aged man who becomes interested in questions about morality. The film was a co-production between companies from Estonia, Sweden and Finland.
Cast
Taavi Eelmaa as Tõnu
Ravshana Kurkova as Nadezhda
Tiina Tauraite as Tõnu's wife
Sten Ljunggren as Herr Meister
Denis Lavant as Count Dionysos Korzybski
Hendrik Toompere Jr. as Toivo
Katariina Lauk as Toivo's wife
Harry Kõrvits as Director
Taavi Teplenkov as Urbo
Marika Barabanstsikova as Urbo's wife
Rain Tolk as Kleine Willy
Liis Lepik as Tõnu's child
Valeri Fjodorov as Nadezhda's father
Evald Aavik as Priest
Andres Puustusmaa as Fence builder
Awards and nominations
Markku Pätilä and Jaagup Roomet were nominated for Best Production Designers at the European Film Awards 2010 for their work on the film. The Temptation of St. Tony was selected as Estonia's submission for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards, but it didn't make the final shortlist.
See also
List of Estonian submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
List of submissions to the 83rd Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
The Temptation of St. Anthony
The temptation of St. Anthony in visual arts
References
External links
Official website
2009 films
Estonian comedy films
Estonian-language films
2009 black comedy films
Schalk Burger Brits (born 16 May 1981) is a South African former professional rugby union player who last played for the South Africa national team and the in Super Rugby. They primarily played as a hooker. They were part of the 2019 Rugby World Cup-winning team.
Personal life
Brits was born in Empangeni, KwaZulu-Natal and attended Stellenbosch University. They married Colinda Wijnants on 29 January 2011 in Greyton, South Africa.
Club career
Western Province
Brits played for the Western Province from 2002 to 2004 and rejoined the Cape franchise from 2006 to 2009.
Stormers
Brits played for the Stormers for four seasons making 51 appearances for them and managing to score 20 points.
Saracens
Brits made their debut for Saracens in the season opener against London Irish. They scored their first try for Saracens on 27 September 2009 against Gloucester in a 19–16 win. They scored seven tries in the 2009–10 season and played every minute in the Premiership Final against Leicester Tigers, which Saracens lost 33–27.
Brits was voted Players' Player of the year for the 2009–10 season.
In the 2010–11 grand final against Leicester, Brits won the Man of the Match award in a match that Saracens won 22–18.
On 27 June 2011, Brits moved back to their former club Stormers on a short-term loan deal. They played as a back rower for the South African side in the Super Rugby semifinal loss against the Crusaders as a replacement for Duane Vermeulen.
In January 2012, they signed a new deal with the Saracens that kept them at the club for another three seasons. This was later extended, and they remained at Saracens until the end of the 2017–18 season. During their time at Saracens they have won four Premiership titles in 2011, 2015, 2016 and 2018, with Brits featuring in all four finals. They also helped Saracens win the European Champions Cup in 2016 and 2017.
International career
Brits made their international debut against in 2008. They were next called up when they were included in the Springbok squad that toured Ireland, Scotland and England during the 2012 end-of-year rugby union internationals. They came on as a substitute in the match against Scotland to earn their fourth cap. They earned their fifth cap in their next match, replacing Adriaan Strauss as they beat England 16–15.
Brits returned to international rugby in 2015, coming on as a substitute in South Africa's 2015 Rugby World Cup warm-up match against Argentina, and was then included in South Africa's squad that participated at the 2015 Rugby World Cup. While they didn't feature in their 32–34 loss to in their opening match, they did play off the bench in their next match against , scoring a late try in a 34–16 victory. They were again omitted against before another appearance from the bench in a 64–0 victory over the . They didn't feature in their 23–19 win over in the quarter final, their 18–20 loss to in the semi-finals or the third-place play-off against , which South Africa won 24–13 to secure the bronze medal in the competition.
In 2019, Brits was selected to play for at the 2019 Rugby World Cup, aged 38. They were named captain in their match against , playing out of position as an eighth man, and also scored a try in the match. South Africa went on to win the tournament, defeating England in the final.
References
External links
Profile on itsrugby.co.uk
Stormers profile
1981 births
Living people
People from Empangeni
Afrikaner people
South African rugby union players
South Africa international rugby union players
Stormers players
Western Province (rugby union) players
Saracens F.C. players
Golden Lions players
Lions (United Rugby Championship) players
Rugby union hookers
South African expatriate rugby union players
Expatriate rugby union players in England
South African expatriate sportspeople in the United Kingdom
Alumni of Paul Roos Gymnasium
Rugby union players from KwaZulu-Natal
Lewis County is a county located in the north central region of the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 census, the population was 3,533, making it the fourth-least populous county in Idaho. The county seat is Nezperce, and Kamiah is the largest city. Partitioned from Nez Perce County and established in 1911, it was named after the explorer Meriwether Lewis. Most of the county is within the Nez Perce Indian Reservation, though Native Americans comprise less than 6% of the county population. Similar to the opening of lands in Oklahoma, the U.S. government opened the reservation for white settlement in November 1895. The proclamation had been signed less than two weeks earlier by President Cleveland.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is the fourth-smallest county in Idaho by area. The county contains the northern portion of the Camas Prairie, an elevated prairie-like region of the middle Columbia basin, south of the Clearwater River. The Clearwater River forms the eastern boundary of Lewis County, just upstream of where the Lewis and Clark Expedition put their canoes in the water for the trip to the Pacific Ocean.
History
Native American Settlement
Early settlement of Idaho by native peoples occurred around 14,000 years ago. Initially, natives of the region were spear hunters of big game. Documented settlement of Idaho's Camas Prairie by the Nez Perce dates back more than 8,000 years with characteristics of the Old Cordilleran Culture appearing in the region. Characteristics of this culture consist of more sophisticated tools for hunting and the introduction of art forms. The Nez Perce, like their Shoshoni counterparts of southern Idaho gained access to horses prior to the Lewis and Clark Expedition's first interaction with the tribe in 1805. The expedition camped near Kamiah in the winter of 1806 before returning to the main Clearwater River for their continued trek westward. The majority of Nez Perce County's territory is located within the boundary of the Nez Perce Reservation. The reservation was established in 1859 following the provisions of an 1855 treaty with the four bands of the Nez Perce Tribe. Relations with the Nez Perce were amicable until discovery of gold at multiple locations within the reservation's boundaries created tension starting in 1860. A smaller reservation was negotiated with the Kamiah and Lapwai bands of Nez Perce, with a treaty signed in 1867. The Salmon-Wallowa and lower Snake River bands were not a party to the treaty and efforts to force them to the reservation resulted in the Nez Perce War in 1877 that decisively forced all of the Nez Perce to the Nez Perce Reservation. Settlement of non-natives within the boundary of the reservation was authorized starting in 1894.
Non-Native Settlement
With the opening of non-native settlement by agreement of 1894, settlements emerged starting at Winchester in 1896 followed by Craigmont and Kamiah areas starting by 1898. By the 1900 Census, Nez Perce County established precincts for Central Ridge, Cold Springs, Fletcher, and Nez Perce within the territory of present Lewis County. Their combined population at the time was 2,782.
Settlement increased along the route of the Camas Prairie Railroad which reached Reubens in 1906 with operation of the line starting in 1908. The railroad had stops at Nucrag, Reubens, and Craigmont. By 1908, multiple stage lines commenced operation with terminus at Kamiah. At the 1910 Census, Nez Perce established additional precincts for Chesley, Kamiah, Mason, Mohler, and Winchester. Together, all precincts at the 1910 census had a population of 5,037.
Development of Cities
Nez Perce Village incorporated in 1903 with Kippen Village following in 1907. Vollmer town was incorporated in 1908 with the villages of Ilo and Kamiah incorporated in 1909. Reubens and Winchester Villages incorporated by 1920. Ilo and Vollmer consolidated as Craigmont in 1920. Kippen Village was dis-incorporated by 1940 as it is absent from that census.
Adjacent counties
Nez Perce County – northwest
Idaho County – southeast
Clearwater County – northeast
Major highways
– US 12
– US 95
– SH-7
– SH-11
– SH-62
– SH-64
– SH-162
National protected area
Clearwater National Forest (part)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 3,747 people, 1,554 households, and 1,050 families living in the county. The population density was 8 people per square mile (3/km2). There were 1,795 housing units at an average density of 4 per square mile (1/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 92.21% White, 0.35% Black or African American, 3.84% Native American, 0.43% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 0.93% from other races, and 2.16% from two or more races. 1.89% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race. 30.6% were of German, 17.5% American, 10.6% English and 8.7% Irish ancestry.
There were 1,554 households, out of which 27.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 57.80% were married couples living together, and 32.40% were non-families. 28.10% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.50% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.39 and the average family size was 2.92.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.40% under the age of 18, 5.30% from 18 to 24, 23.80% from 25 to 44, 27.10% from 45 to 64, and 18.50% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42 years. For every 100 females there were 101.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 98.20 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $31,413, and the median income for a family was $37,336. Males had a median income of $31,021 versus $22,538 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,942. About 8.70% of families and 12.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 12.90% of those under age 18 and 9.00% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 3,821 people, 1,657 households, and 1,041 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 1,880 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 90.3% white, 4.7% American Indian, 0.4% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 1.6% from other races, and 2.4% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.3% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 39.4% were German, 16.7% were English, 16.5% were Irish, and 3.0% were American.
Of the 1,657 households, 24.8% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.8% were married couples living together, 7.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 37.2% were non-families, and 32.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.26 and the average family size was 2.84. The median age was 48.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $35,808 and the median income for a family was $41,250. Males had a median income of $32,933 versus $23,850 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,580. About 10.4% of families and 16.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 30.1% of those under age 18 and 7.2% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Craigmont
Kamiah
Nezperce
Reubens
Winchester
Unincorporated communities
Slickpoo
Politics
As a unionized logging county, Lewis County was the most Democratic single county in Idaho during the Fifth Party System – it never voted Republican between 1932 and 1968 – and retained its Democratic leanings into the 1980s when Michael Dukakis won a majority while losing nationwide. Since the 1990s, however, the county has tilted strongly Republican in US presidential elections.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Lewis County, Idaho
References
External links
– Lewis County
County Parcel Map
State of Idaho official site – Lewis County
Idaho counties
1911 establishments in Idaho
Populated places established in 1911
Howie Do It was a Canadian/American comedy television series, co-commissioned by Global and NBC, that stars Howie Mandel and DJ Ravidrums. The series features practical jokes in the vein of earlier shows like Just for Laughs: Gags, Punk'd or Candid Camera – the supposed twist being that the cameras are in the open, not hidden as in the other series. Mandel appears, often incognito, in several of the jokes. After the big reveal, either Howie or one of their assistants then delivers the line "This is Howie Do It!" The theme song to the show is a remix of "This Is How We Do It" by Montell Jordan, remixed by DJ Ravidrums. The show premiered on NBC and Global TV on January 9, 2009.
Mandel also served as an executive producer of the series, along with Scott Hallock and Kevin Healy of Spy TV, and Morgan Elliot and Michael Rotenberg. Six episodes were ordered. The studio segments were filmed at Caesars Windsor in Windsor, Ontario on August 24, 25, and 26, 2008. Tickets to the tapings were given out to new members of Harrah's Total Rewards program at the casino. The head of NBC's unscripted department, Craig Plestis, said that NBC's choice to share the costs of the series with Global was part of "trying to figure out new ways to do business as shows become more expensive."
U.S. Nielsen ratings
References
External links
Official Website
Josef Adalian, "NBC asks Howie Mandel to 'Do It'." Variety. April 17, 2008.
"Global and NBC Say 'Deal' to New Howie Mandel Series." Broadcaster Magazine. April 18, 2008.
2000s American reality television series
2000s Canadian reality television series
2009 American television series debuts
2009 Canadian television series debuts
2000s American comedy television series
2000s Canadian comedy television series
2009 American television series endings
2009 Canadian television series endings
Global Television Network original programming
NBC original programming
Television series by Corus Entertainment
Television shows filmed in Windsor, Ontario
Etlingera newmanii is a monocotyledonous plant species described by S. Sakai and Hidetoshi Nagamasu. Etlingera newmanii is part of the genus Etlingera and the family Zingiberaceae. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.
References
newmanii
Mireille Johnston, PhD, (née Mireille Busticaccia; 4 October 1935 – 5 October 2000) was a French/American cook, author and scholar who also hosted television shows on the BBC.
Biography
Johnston was born Mireille Busticaccia in Nice on 4 October 1935. Them father was later a member of the French Resistance. Part of their early education was obtained at boarding school in England. Returning to France after the war, they studied at Aix-en-Provence and won a Fulbright Scholarship to study American Indian civilisation at Oberlin College. They took their PhD in comparative literature from Yale University, where they also met their husband, fellow student Thomas M.C. Johnston, a future documentary filmmaker and aide to Senator Robert F. Kennedy. They taught French at Yale, Barnard College and Sarah Lawrence College. Along with their husband, they were active in civil rights protests in the 1960s.
In 1972, as a tribute to their father, they translated the film The Sorrow and the Pity – about the collaboration of French nationals in a town during the Second World War. But their published works focused on the culinary traditions of their native land. Cuisine of the Sun: Classical Dishes from Nice and France was published in 1976 and focused on the culinary traditions of Provence. It was followed by The Cuisine of the Rose in 1982, which focused on Burgundy.
Johnston's Complete French Cookery Course (1992–1994) was based on the two series of A Cook's Tour of France, which they hosted for BBC Two in 1992 and 1993. Each of the 12 episodes reviewed the cuisine of a particular region of France. Although they and local people from the region describe and demonstrate how certain traditional dishes are made, it is not a traditional cookery course but focuses on the cultural history of the region and its cuisine.
Johnston died at their home in Paris, France, on 5 October 2000, one day after their 65th birthday. They were survived by their husband and two daughters.
References
Mireille Johnston obituary in The Guardian
Mireille Johnston obituary in The New York Times
Mireille Johnston obituary at Whitings Writings
1935 births
2000 deaths
French food writers
People from Nice
French chefs
Lacandon may refer to:
the Lacandon people, one of the contemporary Maya peoples
the Lakandon Ch'ol, a historic Maya people
the Lacandon language, the language spoken by the contemporary Lacandon people
the Lacandon Jungle, a Mexican region
See also
Lacandonia, a genus of plants
Lacantunia, a genus of catfish
Lacantún River, in Mexico
Laocoon (disambiguation)
Bella Alekseïevna Bournasheva (Бэлла Алексеевна Бурнашева, b. 1944) is a Soviet–Russian astronomer credited with the discovery of several asteroids.
The minor planet 4427 Burnashev was named in honour of them and their husband Vladislav Ivanovich Burnashev.
References
1944 births
Discoverers of asteroids
Place of birth missing (living people)
Soviet women scientists
Living people
Soviet astronomers
Women astronomers
Seaside Communications is a Canadian cable television and telecommunications company. In 1975, Seaside was established in Sydney, Nova Scotia, when it was issued a cable licence from the CRTC.
Products
Digital, high-definition television and analog television, high speed internet, home phone.
Service areas
Glace Bay, Nova Scotia, New Waterford, Nova Scotia, Reserve Mines, Louisbourg, Baddeck, Nova Scotia, St. Peter's, Nova Scotia and surrounding communities such as Albert Bridge, Hornes Road, Hillside, Hills Road, Marion Bridge, Carabin's Trailer Park, Main-à-Dieu, Neal Cove, Bateston, Catalone and Catalone Road.
Company history
1975 Seaside Cable TV Ltd.
1984 Seaside Cable TV (1984) Ltd. (Ownership Change)
1988 Seaside expands to the communities of Albert Bridge, Hornes Road, Hillside, Hills Road, Marion Bridge, Carabin's Trailer Park, Main-à-Dieu, Neal Cove, Bateston, Catalone and Catalone Road.
1991 Seaside acquires River Bourgeois Cablevision Limited.
1992 Seaside acquires Baddeck Cable T.V. Company Ltd.
1992 Seaside acquires St. Peter's Cablevision Limited.
2000 Seaside Communications Inc. (Name Change)
2006 Seaside adds Video on demand (VOD) services to its lineup.
References
External links
Seaside Communications
Seaside Wireless High Speed
Cable and DBS companies of Canada
Telecommunication companies of Canada
Internet service providers of Canada
Companies based in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality
Telecommunication companies established in 1975
1975 establishments in Nova Scotia
The Dome is a mountain summit located in Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument, in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest, in Skamania County of southwest Washington state. It is situated in the Cascade Range, less than north of Spirit Lake, and northeast of Coldwater Peak. Its nearest higher neighbor is Mount Margaret, to the northeast, and Mount St. Helens rises to the south. Precipitation runoff from The Dome is drained by Coldwater Creek, a tributary of the North Fork Toutle River.
Geology
The history of the formation of the Cascade Mountains dates back millions of years ago to the late Eocene Epoch. Geological events occurring many years ago created the diverse topography and drastic elevation changes over the Cascade Range leading to various climate differences. During the Pleistocene period dating back over two million years ago, glaciation advancing and retreating repeatedly scoured and shaped the landscape. With the North American Plate overriding the Pacific Plate, episodes of volcanic igneous activity occurred. The lateral blast from the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens was pointed straight toward The Dome and stripped the vegetation from the slopes. Due to Mount Saint Helens' proximity to The Dome, volcanic ash is common in the area.
Climate
The Dome is located in the marine west coast climate zone of western North America. Most weather fronts originate in the Pacific Ocean, and travel northeast toward the Cascade Mountains. As fronts approach, they are forced upward by the peaks of the Cascade Range (Orographic lift), causing them to drop their moisture in the form of rain or snowfall onto the Cascades. As a result, the west side of the Cascades experiences high precipitation, especially during the winter months in the form of snowfall. During winter months, weather is usually cloudy, but due to high pressure systems over the Pacific Ocean that intensify during summer months, there is often little or no cloud cover during the summer. The months July through September offer the most favorable weather for viewing or climbing this peak.
See also
Geology of the Pacific Northwest
List of mountain peaks of Washington (state)
References
External links
Weather forecast: The Dome
Hiking trail: US Forest Service
Cascade Range
Mountains of Skamania County, Washington
Mountains of Washington (state)
Gifford Pinchot National Forest
North American 1000 m summits
Polom is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 275 people.
Notable people
Milorad Drašković
Pero Petrović
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Alexander Ogilvie Walker Anderson (20 February 1930 – 2016) was a Scottish professional footballer who played in the Football League for Southend United.
References
1930 births
2016 deaths
Scottish footballers
Association football defenders
English Football League players
Southend United F.C. players
Folkestone F.C. players
Hamilton is an unincorporated community in Jackson Township, Madison County, Indiana.
History
Hamilton was founded in 1836.
Geography
Hamilton is located at .
References
Unincorporated communities in Madison County, Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Indianapolis metropolitan area
Ding Lei (born October 1963), also known as David Ding, the former president of Shanghai General Motors, is a Chinese automotive entrepreneur and CEO of HiPhi EV. They have served as the founder and chairperson of Human Horizons since 2017. From August 2013 to July 2015, Ding was appointed as the Deputy governor of Pudong New District in Shanghai.
Early life and education
Born in Shanghai in October, 1963, Ding graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree in nuclear physics, and a Master of Science degree in solid-state physics, from Fudan University respectively. In 2003, they earned an EMBA degree at China Europe International Business School.
Career
In 1988, Ding Lei joined Shanghai Volkswagen, a joint venture of Volkswagen Group. From 2005 to 2011, they were the CEO of Shanghai General Motors (SGM), and SAIC-GM's president from 2005 to 2007. They participated in the establishment of Shanghai General Motors in 1995, overseeing the acquisition of MG Rover by the SAIC in 2002.
From 2011 to 2015, Ding served in the Shanghai government departments, successively as the Executive Deputy Director and Director of the Shanghai Zhangjiang High-Tech Park Administrative Committee, and the Deputy Mayor of Pudong New Area.
Since August 2017, Ding has been the Chairman of Human Horizons, as well as East Coast Capital.
References
1963 births
Living people
Businesspeople from Shanghai
Fudan University alumni
Chinese computer businesspeople
The Anglican Diocese of Brisbane, also known as Anglican Church Southern Queensland, is based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. The diocesan bishop's seat is at St John's Cathedral, Brisbane. The diocese stretches from the south-eastern coastline of Queensland, down to the New South Wales border and west to the Northern Territory and South Australian borders. The diocese currently markets itself as "Anglican Church Southern Queensland" (ACSQ). The "Anglicare Southern Queensland" brand is also heavily promoted by the diocese.
The current Archbishop of Brisbane is Phillip Aspinall, who was formerly the primate of the Anglican Church of Australia. The current assistant bishops are Cameron Venables (Bishop of the Western Region since 2014), Jeremy Greaves (Northern Region since 2017) and John Roundhill (Southern Region since 2018).
History
In 1858, the Brisbane diocese was separated from the Diocese of Newcastle. Until then, the area had been under the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Newcastle, William Tyrrell.
In 1859, Queen Victoria appointed the diocese's first bishop, Edward Tufnell (1814–1896). Tufnell designated St John's Cathedral in Brisbane as the pro-cathedral. The central stained glass windows in the apse were donated by Bishop Tufnell. In 1866, there was one archdeaconry: Benjamin Glennie was Archdeacon of Brisbane.
The second bishop was Matthew Hale, who was translated from Perth in 1876. Hale was succeeded by William Webber.
With the creation of the Province of Queensland in 1905, the Diocese of Brisbane became the permanent metropolitan see and its bishop the metropolitan archbishop.
Bishopsbourne
A bishops' house called Bishopsbourne (now Old Bishopsbourne) was built in Milton for Edward Tufnell. It was used by subsequent bishops and archbishops until Archbishop Philip Strong purchased the house Eldernell (formerly Farsley) at 39 Eldernell Street, Hamilton, in 1964, renaming it Bishopsbourne.
In April 2007, Archbishop Phillip Aspinall sold the Hamilton residence for $11.2 million and moved to a residence in Ascot costing $2.6 million, which has also been renamed Bishopsbourne.
Episcopate
Archbishops of Brisbane
Assistant bishops
The first co-adjutor bishop for the Brisbane diocese was John Francis Stretch, who was consecrated at St Paul's cathedral in Melbourne in November, 1895. Stretch was the first Australian to be made a bishop for ministry in Australia (and their consecration service was only the second occasion that such a service had happened in Australia at that time). Among the previous assistant bishops of the Diocese of Brisbane were: Henry Le Fanu (bishop coadjutor), who became Archbishop of Perth and Primate of Australia; De Witt Batty (coadjutor, 1930–1931); Horace Henry Dixon (consecrated 29 March 1932 at St John's; coadjutor, 1932-1961); John Hudson served as coadjutor bishop from 1961; Ralph Wicks was consecrated 27 July 1973; Adrian Charles and Bruce Schultz were consecrated on 1 March 1983; George Browning was a assistant bishop for the Northern Region, 1985–1992, then for the Coastal Region until they became Bishop of Canberra and Goulburn in 1993; John Noble and Ron Williams were consecrated on 29 June 1993 — Noble served the Northern Region until their 2002 election to North Queensland, and Williams served the Southern until 2007; Ray Smith, Archdeacon of the Downs (Raymond Bruce Smith, not Raymond George Smith) was consecrated 1 November 1996 to serve as assistant bishop for the Western Region; Rob Nolan was consecrated bishop on 27 June 2003 and served the Western Region until 2014; and John Parkes who became the Bishop of Wangaratta. Alison Taylor served as Bishop of the Southern Region from 2013 to 2017.
The current assistant bishops are Cameron Venables (Bishop of the Western Region since 2014), Jeremy Greaves (Northern Region since 2017) and John Roundhill (Southern Region since 2018).
Saint John's Cathedral
The Cathedral of Saint John was completed in 2005, after 100 years of construction.
In 2015, a series of statues, costing $45,000 each according to the ABC, were purchased and blessed by Archbishop Aspinall before being installed on the cathedral's facade.
Shortly before this, a storm warped one of the cathedral's walls, causing millions of dollars' worth of damage.
Theological training
Clergy trained in a variety of colleges and seminaries are active in the diocese. Those trained within it attend Saint Francis' Theological College, an affiliate of Charles Sturt University. The principal of the college is Bishop Jonathan Holland.
A motion put to the 2017 synod that would have allowed diocesan ordinands to study at the more evangelical Brisbane School of Theology, a historic "Bible college", was not carried.
Churchmanship
The diocese has a dominant liberal Anglo-Catholic ethos. Religious orders such as the Society of Saint Francis and the Oratory of the Good Shepherd have made Brisbane their Australian base. The Society of the Sacred Advent was also founded in the city.
According to the diocesan handbook, in keeping with the Anglo-Catholic nature of the diocese clergy must always wear a stole over the cassock or alb when celebrating the Eucharist (plain clothes or business suits are not allowed).
Archbishop Phillip Aspinall is a liberal Anglo-Catholic of the Affirming Catholicism school and gave the keynote address at the Australian Church Union's 2006 Keble Mass.
Despite the dominant liberal Anglo-Catholic ethos, there are a handful of low church parishes in a few of Brisbane's southern suburbs, such as Coorparoo. However the diocese's Anglo-Catholic orientation has rarely been questioned.
Lobby groups
The dean of the cathedral, Peter Catt, is the founder of A Progressive Christian Voice and is, according to the Brisbane Times, an advocate for same-sex marriage. They also chair the diocese's social responsibilities committee.
The Angligreen environmental group is also a significant voice in the diocese.
Issues
Biblical literacy
Archbishop Aspinall has observed that "Few Anglicans in Brisbane have any depth of knowledge of the Bible; few read or study the Bible regularly ..."
Transgender priests
Archbishop Aspinall supported English-born Brisbane priest and Saint Francis' lecturer, Josephine Inkpin, when they came out as Australia's first openly-transgender priest. Aspinall's letter indicated they were aware "there are further transgender people involved in our wider diocesan life." Inkpin's wife, Penny Jones, was one of the first female priests in the United Kingdom. In 2020, Archbishop Aspinall supported another priest, Selina McMahon, in their transition. The State Library of Queensland interviewed Revd Josephine Inkpin and their wife Penny about the intersection of gender, faith, religion and identity for their Dangerous Women podcast.
Same-sex marriage
According to the Courier Mail, in 2015 the diocese's social responsibilities committee endorsed same-sex civil unions.
A large number of priests in the diocese publicly support same-sex marriage. In 2022, St. John's Cathedral announced that it would offer blessings for same-sex unions.
Reintegration of convicted child abusers
According to the Courier Mail and Brisbane Times, two convicted child sexual abuser priests attended church, perform lay reader duties and worked in a choir with children at Holy Trinity Church, Fortitude Valley. This led to public outcry. Although defrocked, "they were later allowed to keep reading to the congregation as what's known as a lector." The matter was referred to the diocese's professional standards board.
State-church relationship
Links to the military
According to an academic paper by Jonathan Holland, Archbishop Philip Strong had opposed 13 other bishops from around the country who had spoken out against the war. Archbishop Strong had argued for National Service and vigorously defended Australia's support of America in Vietnam on the grounds that "Conflict at the right time and in the right place may serve the cause of ultimate world
peace." At the same time, the priest in charge of the Chermside parish sought to dismiss curates who took a Christian pacifist stance.
Links to the legal community
According to the ABC, the diocese has close links to the legal establishment in Brisbane. This has led to public concerns about a serious conflict of interest.
All Saint's Brisbane
A conservative Anglo-Catholic parish, All Saints' Brisbane, joined the Forward in Faith movement in protest over the issue of the ordination of women and the diocese's refusal to provide alternative episcopal oversight. Archbishop Aspinall suspended the priest in charge of the parish, David Chislett, after they were consecrated as a bishop by the Traditional Anglican Communion. In a speech to Federal Parliament, Peter Slipper declared, "I believe that this action by Archbishop Aspinall seriously brings into doubt their moral fitness to be the Anglican Archbishop of Brisbane."
Child sexual abuse
In 2009, the diocese refused to revoke an age limit for child sex abuse claims, retaining the requirement that victims must sue the church before they were 21 years of age. A victim said it showed the church was protecting its money rather than its flock. Another victim stated that "[We] sue the diocese because of the overwhelming evidence that the diocese knew about the abuse and knew about the offenders yet did nothing to stop the abuse nor prevent further abuse."
In 2015, a child abuse survivor who was threatening to sue the diocese, alleged to the Guardian newspaper that Archbishop Aspinall told them that litigation against the church would be sinful. Aspinall again denied the claims.
In 2017, the diocese failed to meet two deadlines to pay another victim the compensation they were due.
At the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse in March 2017 it was reported that the Diocese of Brisbane was subject to more complaints than any other Anglican diocese.
In February 2018, a group of former students of the Anglican Church Grammar School called for an independent board to govern the school, saying that they no longer wanted the diocese to control church schools "amid concern about the handling of child sexual abuse cases and its dated school governance practices".
Ecumenism
The diocese has a strong ecumenical relationship with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Brisbane.
The Anglican, Roman Catholic and Uniting churches perform some collaborative ministry and the Lutheran Church of Australia has been in discussions with them. However, the diocese only recognises church denominations with an episcopal form of government. In 2002, Aspinall suggested that the Uniting Church in Australia adopt such a form of governance.
Demography
According to a synod paper, between 2011 and 2016, the number of parishioners in the diocese declined by 7%.
See also
Anglicare
References
External links
Official website
Bishops and Archbishops of Brisbane at Anglican Archives
Anglican Church of Australia Ecclesiastical Province of Queensland
1859 establishments in Australia
Religion in Brisbane
Anglo-Catholic churches in Australia
The Little Don River also known as the Porter, is a tributary of the River Don in South Yorkshire, England. Arising on the Langsett Moors in the northern Peak District, the Little Don River feeds the Langsett and Underbank Reservoirs. It runs through the town of Stocksbridge before joining the River Don.
A section of the river has been designated as a site of special scientific interest since 1977. The site is of considerable importance as it is a proposed reference example for various subdivisions of the Carboniferous. It is one of 35 sites of special scientific interest in South Yorkshire.
Course
The Little Don rises as a large number of streams flowing northwards from Howden Edge, close to the contour, on Rushbed Moor and Harden Moor, which unite and then flow eastwards. It is soon joined by Loftwshaw Brook, which similarly starts as a number of streams on Rushbed Moor, but slightly further to the west, and follows a more northerly route before joining the Little Don. It is joined by Mickleden Beck and Haslingshaw, both of which flow northwards and join the right bank. Long Moor Beck flows eastwards and joins as the Little Don enters Swinden Plantation, and the moorland scenery gives way to woodland. The river loops to the north, where it is joined by Great Grain, and passes over a weir to enter Langsett Reservoir.
The reservoir was built as a join venture by the corporations of Sheffield, Doncaster, Rotherham and Barnsley. Sheffield Corporation bought the site in 1898 (or 1889 - sources vary) from the Pilkington family, and also purchased a number of local farms which were then abandoned, in order to prevent contamination of the water supply. Work started on constructing the dam, and the dams of Midhope and Underbank Reservoirs, further downstream, simultaneously, and Langsett Reservoir was completed in 1904. It was officially opened on 17 October, and held the largest volume of water of the dams constructed in the Sheffield area. Transport of materials for the construction was aided by the Sheffield Corporation Railway, which ran along the north bank of the river from Stocksbridge. The dam crossed the valley at the eastern end of the reservoir, and Midhope Cliff Lane ran along the top of it. A treatment works and filters were constructed below the dam, and a spillway to maintain flow in the river ran from the northern edge of the dam. Ownership of the reservoir passed to the Yorkshire Water Authority in 1974, and following the passing of the Water Act 1989 and the privatisation of the water companies, it has been owned by Yorkshire Water. The reservoir covers , the earth embankment that forms the dam is long and a maximum of high, and it impounds over of water. A new treatment works to replace those at Langsett and Midhope was constructed between 1983 and 1985, and can treat 60 Megalitres of water per day. It supplies drinking water to south-west Barnsley and north-west Sheffield.
A little further downstream, the Little Don is joined by Hagg Brook, a small stream that is fed by the overflow from Midhope Reservoir. There is another weir in the Little Don at Midhopestones, just before Midhopestones Bridge. This small bridge carried Mortimer Road over the river, and is constructed of coursed gritstone blocks. It has three arches, a large one in the centre and a smaller one at either side. It dates from 1788 and is grade II listed. Underbank Reservoir begins immediately below the bridge. While Langsett and Midhope reservoirs are used for water supply, Underbank provides compensation water for the Little Don and the Don. The volumes of water released were thought to be too high in 2017, as they had historically supplied the many industrial sites further down the Don. There is a spillway from the southern edge of the dam with a weir at the bottom, after which the river is crossed by Unsliven Bridge. A bridge was mentioned at this location in a charter which pre-dates 1290. The bridge that now stands there was erected around 1730, with a main arch and a smaller arch in the north abutment. It formed part of the route between Bradfield and Wakefield, on which traffic increased significantly during the industrial revolution. It was widened twice in the 18th century, and by 1796 was twice as wide as it had been. The northern approach was realigned in 1805, when the bridge became part of the Langsett, Wadsley, and Sheffield Turnpike. A toll bar was erected near the bridge, but was removed in 1838 when the Turnpike was repealed by Act of Parliament. The road to the north of the bridge was realigned as part of the work to build the reservoir dam. It has only been used by local traffic since the Manchester Road was moved further to the north.
The next bridge downstream carries the B6088 road over the river. Below that the course used to meander across its flood plain, but had then been straightened as it ran past Stocksbridge gas works and the iron and steel works, where it fed a small reservoir. By 1931, the steel works had extended much further up the valley, taking over the gas works site, and the river had been diverted into a new channel close to the B6088 road. In parts, it had been culverted, and as the steelworks has expanded, more of it has been diverted into culverts. The culverts are long and large with some short open-air sections, and are known as 36DD by the urban exploring community, probably because both Samuel Fox, the originator of the steel works, and the model Samantha Fox were known as Sam Fox. There is also a small section of culvert below the Fox Valley shopping centre. After emerging into the open again, it is crossed by the Stocksbridge Railway, which runs from Deepcar railway station into the steelworks. It was originally a subsidiary of Samuel Fox and Company but since 1992 it has been owned by the steelworks. It opened on 14 April 1877, and passenger services, which were mainly used by workers at the steelworks and pupils from Penistone Grammar School, ran until 1931. The final bridge carries the A6102 into Deepcar, after which the river flows into the left bank of the River Don.
Environment
The Environment Agency measures the water quality of the river systems in England. Each is given an overall ecological status, which may be one of five levels: high, good, moderate, poor and bad. There are several components that are used to determine this, including biological status, which looks at the quantity and varieties of invertebrates, angiosperms and fish, and chemical status, which compares the concentrations of various chemicals against known safe concentrations. Chemical status is rated good or fail.
The water quality of the Little Don River system, which includes the Hagg Brook, was as follows in 2019.
The river system has not been classed as good quality because of sewage discharges and physical modification of the channel, which restricts the movement of fish. Like many rivers in the UK, the chemical status changed from good to fail in 2019, due to the presence of polybrominated diphenyl ethers (PBDE), perfluorooctane sulphonate (PFOS) and mercury compounds, none of which had previously been included in the assessment.
As well as barriers to the movement of fish, the river has also been affected by pollution from minewater and by the presence of the invasive species, the New Zealand mud snail. Pollution from minewater has been significantly reduced following the construction of a treatment plant by the Coal Authority. This is located between Langsett and Underbank reservoirs, and the minewater is pumped through it. There is a small amount of minewater which does not get processed by the plant, and a solution for this is being trialled by the Environment Agency, Yorkshire Water, and Highways England. In 2017, Yorkshire Water were assessing the amount of water discharged from the reservoirs into the river, with a view to altering them to more natural levels. Consideration has also been give to removing weirs, or providing fish passes where this is not reasonable. The provision of fish passes around the reservoir dams is not considered to be cost-effective, but installing one on a weir used for industrial water supply on the lower reaches of the river would increase the length of the Little Don accessible to fish from the Don twofold. Another fish pass, just above Langsett Reservoir, enables trout and other fish which were impounded within the reservoir to travel some further upstream. It allows them to negotiate the weir, which was installed to trap gravel before the Little Don entered the reservoir. The fish pass is of the Larinier type, and construction was completed on 19 April 2018.
Prior to the pass being constructed, Yorkshire Water funded a research project, which involved implanting passive integrated transponder tags into fish, and then using fixed telemetry equipment to detect the movement of fish both upstream and downstream across the weirs. Fish from the reservoir were tagged, as were fish from the upper Little Don and Thickwoods Brook. Migration in both tributaries was thought to be impeded, as both have a weir just upstream from the reservoir. In order to provide control data, similar monitoring was carried out at Grimwith Reservoir in North Yorkshire where there are two tributaries with no weirs. The study showed that there was no detectable movement from the reservoir into the tributaries, and less than expected in the downstream direction. This research informed the decision to construct the fish pass on the Little Don.
Bibliography
References
Little Don
Rivers and valleys of the Peak District
Rivers of South Yorkshire
Magnus Gustafsson was the defending champion, but lost in the first round this year.
Magnus Larsson won the title, defeating Petr Korda 6–4, 4–6, 6–1 in the final.
Seeds
Michael Stich (quarterfinals)
Petr Korda (final)
Magnus Gustafsson (first round)
Karel Nováček (quarterfinals)
Richard Krajicek (first round)
Aaron Krickstein (second round)
Omar Camporese (second round)
Goran Prpić (second round)
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
External links
Singles draw
Singles
Costa Rica competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Road
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Costa Rica qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Road
Swimming
Women
See also
Costa Rica at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Costa Rican sport
Melcior Leideker Majefat (born 20 April 1994) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga 2 club PSDS Deli Serdang.
Club career
PSIS Semarang
They were signed for PSIS Semarang to play in Liga 2 in the 2017 season. They made 33 league appearances and scored seven goals for PSIS Semarang.
Badak Lampung
In 2019, Melcior signed a one-year contract with Indonesian Liga 1 club Badak Lampung. They made their league debut on 18 May 2019 in a match against TIRA-Persikabo at the Pakansari Stadium, Cibinong.
Kalteng Putra
They were signed for Kalteng Putra to play in Liga 2 in the 2020 season. This season was suspended on 27 March 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The season was abandoned and was declared void on 20 January 2021.
Honours
Club
PSIS Semarang
Liga 2 third place (play-offs): 2017
References
External links
Melcior Majefat at Soccerway
Melcior Majefat at Liga Indonesia
1994 births
Living people
People from Sorong
Badak Lampung F.C. players
PSIS Semarang players
Association football forwards
Indonesian footballers
The UK and Ireland Poker Tour (UKIPT) started in December 2009, is a major regional poker tour in the United Kingdom and Ireland. The UKIPT is sponsored by PokerStars.com, like its counterparts, the European Poker Tour (2004), Asia Pacific Poker Tour (2007), Latin American Poker Tour (2008) and North American Poker Tour (2010). Season 2 of the UKIPT was shown on terrestrial television in the UK on Channel 4 and was hosted by Nick Wealthall and Liv Boeree.
Season 1
Season 2
Season 3
Season 4
Season 5
UKIPT Grand Final
The 2010 UKIPT Grand Final, which doubled as the EPT London, was the largest ever tournament in the UK, attracting 848 entrants. This event also hosted a Tournament of Champions, with each of the nine regional leg winners competing for entry into all of the season 2 events. This tournament was also won by UKIPT London winner, David Vamplew.
Winners by country
Up to Season 5
Notes
External links
Official site
Facebook page
Twitter page
Official Sponsor
Poker tournaments in Europe
Recurring events established in 2009
2009 establishments in Ireland
2009 establishments in the United Kingdom
Chino Valley Unified School District may refer to:
Chino Valley Unified School District (California)
Chino Valley Unified School District (Arizona)
Boreas River is a river in Essex County and Hamilton County in the U.S. State of New York. Boreas River begins at Boreas Ponds north-northeast of the Hamlet of Boreas River and flows southeastward before converging with the Hudson River southeast of Forks Mountain.
References
Rivers of New York (state)
Rivers of Essex County, New York
Rivers of Hamilton County, New York
OM TV is a subscription based-channel, entirely dedicated to the French football team Olympique de Marseille. The channel offers Marseille fans exclusive interviews with players and staff, full matches, including replays of all Ligue 1, Coupe de France, Coupe de la Ligue, Champions League/UEFA Cup and friendly games, in addition to vintage matches, footballing news and other themed programming. OM TV stopped broadcasting on August 31, 2018 for their digital modernization on the social networks and the website.
References
External links
www.om.net
Olympique de Marseille
Sports television networks in France
Television stations in France
Television channels and stations established in 1999
1999 establishments in France
Mass media in Marseille
Football club television channels
Bobby-Joe Taylor (born 4 February 1995) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Dorking Wanderers.
Club career
Cambridge United
After youth spells with Chelsea and Gillingham, Taylor joined Cambridge United in 2011. On 16 February 2013, Taylor made their Cambridge debut in their 3–1 away defeat against Mansfield Town replacing Jamie Reed in the 89th minute. After a first-team breakthrough in the previous season, Taylor instead spent loan spells at Southern League Premier Division sides St Neots Town and Arlesey Town during the 2013–14 campaign, in which they made a total of 25 appearances, scoring twice.
On 30 August 2014, Taylor made their Football League debut in Cambridge's 5–0 victory over Carlisle United, replacing Ryan Donaldson with five minutes remaining.
On 11 February 2015, Taylor joined Conference South side Bishop's Stortford on a one-month loan deal. Three days later, Taylor made their Bishop's Stortford debut in their 1–1 draw with Ebbsfleet United, playing the full 90 minutes. On 7 March 2015, Taylor scored their first goal for the club in their 4–1 away victory against Wealdstone, coming off the bench to seal Bishop's Stortford's fourth of the game.
Maidstone United
Taylor joined Maidstone United on a one-year contract in June 2015. In a first season that Taylor admitted was difficult at times, the left winger played their way into first team contention at just the right time, being an unlikely deputy at right back due to an injury to Callum Driver at the back end of the season. Taylor went on to star in the club's National League South play off semi final games against Truro City, back in their more natural left wing position, and scored a goal in the playoff final against Ebbsfleet United. The game ended 2–2 and Taylor was one of the Stones' successful penalty takers as the club beat the Fleet to the National League South promotion final trophy.
Taylor signed a further one-year contract with Maidstone in the summer of 2016 as they embarked in their first National League season since reformation. On the opening day of the 2016–17 campaign, Taylor scored their first league goal for the club in their 1–1 draw with recently relegated York City. Taylor went onto score seven more league goals, finishing the season just one behind top goalscorer; Jamar Loza. After an impressive campaign, Taylor received their first England C call-up along with teammate Kevin Lokko for their fixtures against Panjab and Jersey. On 17 May 2017, it was announced that Taylor would leave the club after failing to agree a new deal.
Aldershot Town
On 1 June 2017, preceding their release from Maidstone, Taylor joined fellow National League side Aldershot Town on a one-year deal.
They were released by Aldershot at the end of the 2017–18 season.
Dover Athletic
Taylor joined Dover Athletic on a one-month loan deal from Bromley on 25 October 2018. Taylor made their debut for "the Whites" on the 27 October in a 2–1 away defeat to fellow relegation-threatened side Braintree Town.
On 23 November 2018, Taylor permanently signed for the Kent club until the end of the 2018–19 season after a successful loan spell, during which Dover picked up only their second league win of the season.
Taylor joined Ebbsfleet United for the eventually aborted 2020–21 National League South season.
Dorking Wanderers
In May 2021, Taylor joined fellow National League South side Dorking Wanderers. Taylor made the left back position their own with their high quality deliveries and exctining runs down the left side thrilling fans at Meadowbank Stadium. On May 21st 2022 Taylor played in the National League South Playoff Final. A thrilling 3-2 wing against Ebbsfleet united saw Dorking reach the Vanarama National for the first time in their history.
Career statistics
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
People from Ashford, Kent
English footballers
Footballers from Kent
Association football midfielders
Cambridge United F.C. players
Cambridge Regional College F.C. players
St Neots Town F.C. players
Arlesey Town F.C. players
Bishop's Stortford F.C. players
Maidstone United F.C. players
Aldershot Town F.C. players
Bromley F.C. players
Dover Athletic F.C. players
Ebbsfleet United F.C. players
Dorking Wanderers F.C. players
National League (English football) players
English Football League players
Wenche-Lin Hess (born 28 March 1975) is a Norwegian archer. They were born in Bergen. They competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, where they placed 17h in the Women's individual. They also competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.
References
External links
1975 births
Living people
People from Horten
Norwegian female archers
Olympic archers of Norway
Archers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Archers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Vestfold og Telemark
Wilhelm Kainrath (born 6 May 1940) is an Austrian footballer. They played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1962.
References
External links
1940 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Association footballers not categorized by position
Soulé Steam Feed Works is a historic business founded in Meridian, Mississippi in 1891 by George Soulé. The complex was listed as a contributing property to Union Station Historic District, which was placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979 under the Meridian Multiple Resource Area (MRA). It was listed as a Mississippi Landmark in 2003. The business, known for its many patented innovations in steam engine technology, reached its height around the turn of the century, producing products that were sold around the world.
In 2003, the Mississippi Industrial Heritage Museum obtained the lease to the complex and has operated there since. The city holds an annual Soulé Live Steam Festival at the complex attracting thousands of people from around the nation.
George Soulé
George Wilberforce Soulé, founder of Soulé Steam Feed Works, was born in Buffalo, New York in 1849. They were a descendant of another George Soule who came to America on the Mayflower. At the age of one, they and their father, Isaac, moved to Wisconsin. When young George was 20 years old, their father died, and they decided to leave the family farm and pursue their own livelihood. Despite having obtained less than one year of formal education, they served as a school teacher for one three-month term before heading south to end up in Morton, Mississippi, in 1875. They had originally missed a ship to Cuba, but stayed at several businesses in Morton and Shubuta, Mississippi, before moving their operations to Meridian in 1879. Businesses operated by Soulé upon entering Meridian included a turpentine company, a lumber company, a cotton gin, and a manufacturer's representative. Before they moved to Meridian, they were involved in a railroad accident in March 1876 in which they lost their left leg and four toes of their right foot.
Soulé founded two other companies before Steam Feed Works, the Southern Standard Cotton Press Company and the Progress Manufacturing Company. Short of money after their railroad accident, they decided to build their own cotton press for their fledgling cotton gin. The invention was simpler and less expensive than those on the market and attracted wide attention. Soulé called their invention the Southern Standard Cotton Press and founded the company around this machine. In 1881, two years after they moved the business to Meridian, the company sold 750 cotton presses all over the South.
In 1886, Soulé sold the Southern Standard Press after founding Progress Manufacturing in 1894, and invented the Ideal Hay-Press for use in the new company. This new business was located on 5th Street between 26th and 27th Avenues and grew to include a foundry and machine shop. Looking to invent more, they turned over active management to Progress Manufacturing in 1888 and began working on a small rotary engine. They sold Progress Manufacturing in 1891 and established Steam Feed Works. The business was incorporated in 1893. In total, Soulé patented over 40 items during their lifetime, including the Success Cotton Seed Huller and an improved version of the sugar mill.
In 1902, when the new Steam Feed Works had become well-established, Soulé found a country home in Santa Rosa County, Florida. They began to turn much of the company over to their son, Clyde, and spent more of their time in Florida, before returning to Meridian in 1917, where they stayed until their death on December 21, 1922. During their life they had two wives – Olivia Sherman Warren in 1873 and Constance Gara in 1907, two years after their former wife's death – and nine children. One of their grand children, also named George Soulé, was an influential R&B songwriter in the 1960s and 70s.
Steam Feed Works
Complex
Soulé Steam Feed Works was originally located at the corner of 25th Avenue and 5th Street. The first building built on the company's present lot was built between 1890 and 1892 was formerly the Meridian Candy Factory. After the building was devastated by fire, George Soulé bought it and turned it into a machine shop, assembly area, and office for the up-and-coming business, which would later relocate there. The two-story building's facade was originally brick, but a layer of lime cement stucco was added in the 1930s, and a second layer was added in the late 1960s. Inside the building is an fireproof vault, which holds the original company records. Above the vault, the company is written in gold. The vault was added after an 1895 fire destroyed George Soulé's office and the records in it.
A second building was added on to the side of the original building in 1907, and the downstairs of the original building was converted into a mill supply store. Belt-driven machines are powered by a line shaft which stretches almost the entire length of the building. The line shaft, now the longest operating in the country, was powered by an electric motor dating from the early 1920s. There is also a blacksmith shop and two forges in the building, both of which are powered by the line shaft. A belt-driven wooden freight elevator was used to take finished castings to the assembly room upstairs and lower the finished products back downstairs. A system of rails and cranes allowed this heavy machinery and other items to be transported easily to the elevator and throughout the building. The crane system could also move items to the foundry (built in 1917) and the machine shop, as well as out to the street. There is a steam engine factory on the second floor of the building which contains another shaft that was driven by the main downstairs shaft. Fans were attached to this smaller shaft to keep the area cool during the summer.
In October 1907 when the second building was built, Soulé employed 23 people in the foundry department and 23 machinists, making 46 total employees. By May 1917, the total number had dropped to 31 due to the shortage of manpower during World War I, but employee totals increased again after the war, averaging 50 people between 1922 and 1945. Employees were paid an average of 50 to 70 cents per hour – the highest paying jobs in Meridian at the time – and the supervisor and supervisors would receive a weekly cash stipend of $7–9. Workers would be on duty six days a week for an average of nine hours per day.
A third building, the foundry, was added to the complex in 1917, and additions were made from 1923–25. A cupola furnace that pre-dates the building itself was installed near the western end of the building and used to melt iron until a modern electric furnace was added in the 1970s. Both furnaces still exist in the building, and both can be used at the same time. In 1977 a Vulcan Engineering NoBake System was added. A fourth and fifth building were also added in the 1920s, although they were only used as storage and added no extra manufacturing ability to the complex.
Though during its peak the company produced and shipped many of its products around the world, after World War II, the company focused on the local and regional market. The upstairs of the original 1892 building was converted into storage in the 1950s. Other changes were also made in the latter half of the 20th century, including dividing the office space in the original building into cubicles, covering walls with Masonite board, and covering the floors with sheet vinyl. The Mississippi Industrial Heritage Museum received the title to the building in December 2003 and restored the building largely to its 1920s appearance.
Products
The company is most widely known for serving the lumber industry that boomed from about 1885 to the 1930s. At the turn of the century, steam was the only portable and dependable source of power, and the Soulé Rotary Steam Engine was patented in 1896. The engine was used from 1892 to 1922 to drive sawmill carriages, which would help feed lumber into a spinning saw blade. The engine could also power winches to load and unload logs to and from railroad cars and wagons. A total of 2,300 engines were built at the plant and sold around the world; a few are still in operation in Australia and India. Other countries in which the engine was sold include South Africa, Cuba, Ecuador, Mexico, the Philippines, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, Peru, Venezuela, and Colombia. Though the engines were touted as "the most durable and easily controlled" engines of the time, they were sometimes referred to as "steam hogs" because much steam was required to make them run. Soulé patented an improvement to the rotary engine in 1902, but more improvements were needed to keep up with competition.
The Soulé Spee-D-Twin, a two-cylinder reciprocating steam engine, was designed in 1922 and patented in 1923. Being much more efficient than its predecessor, the Spee-D-Twin became the favorite among sawmill operators. The engine featured a valve that allowed the engine to operate in both forward and reverse, and its small size allowed it to be retrofitted onto an existing carriage. When in full operation, the factory could produce one Spee-D-Twin per day. The company built and sold 4,301 Spee-D-Twins between 1923 and 1984 to people in all fifty states and internationally as well.
Soulé Steam Feed Works also patented the Simplex Automatic Lumber Edge Stacker in 1897, which would automate the process of stacking lumber. The first Edge Stacker was installed in the mill of Camp & Hinton Company in Lumberton, Mississippi in July 1895, and more than 100 were installed around the nation. Some notable mills in which Soulé Stackers were installed include the Great Southern Lumber Company in Bogalusa, Louisiana; Grays Harbor Commercial Company in Cosmopolis, Washington; and Potlatch Lumber Company in Elk River, Idaho.
Other products manufactured and sold by Soulé Steam Feed Works include the St. Bernard Saw Mill Dog, which would allow mills to extract lumber not only from large logs but from smaller ones as well. A.D. Hunter, an employee of Steam Feed Works, invented a plane-to-plane air refueling device while at work, which was used during Fred and Al Key's record-breaking endurance flight in 1935. Another employee, David Stephenson, fabricated the aluminum catwalk used during the flight to perform maintenance on the plane.
Soulé Live Steam Festival
Beginning in October 2003, the Mississippi Industrial Heritage Museum began holding the Soulé Live Steam Festival, which showcases the history of steam engines, for which the company is most widely known. The festival has grown every year since and is the only steam show in the United States held at an actual steam engine factory.
The 2008 festival attracted nearly 2,000 people from 10 states to downtown Meridian. A Watts-Campbell Corliss steam engine, built in 1905, had been offered to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, D.C., but they already had one, so it was given to the Mississippi Industrial Heritage Museum and installed during that year. The museum also owns the last steam engine ever built by the company.
The seventh annual festival in 2009 attracted several thousand visitors from 15 states and one foreign country. The event was also expanded to two days. During the event, the Watts-Campbell Corliss engine acquired in 2008 was demonstrated as well as an 1870 Manchester engine. Other steam engines were also brought in by the public and put on display. A portable sawmill was demonstrated as well.
Other demonstrations that regularly appear at the festival include blacksmith, broom-making, and pottery wheel demonstrations, as well as the operation of an antique print shop. Most of the displays at the festival have working examples that blow whistles, emit steam, and cut logs. Alabama Art Casting has held annual molten iron pours at Soule until recent years.
References
External links
Soulé Steam Feed Works Official Site
The Soulé Live Steam Festival (archive)
Buildings and structures in Meridian, Mississippi
Steam festivals
Steam museums in the United States
Steam engine manufacturers
Museums in Meridian, Mississippi
Industrial buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
Historic district contributing properties in Mississippi
Mississippi Landmarks
National Register of Historic Places in Lauderdale County, Mississippi
Caroline Le Couteur (born 1952) is an Australian politician. They were elected to the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the electorate of Molonglo for the ACT Greens at the 2008 election and defeated at the 2012 election In October 2016, they were re-elected to the assembly representing the new electorate of Murrumbidgee, serving a single term until their retirement in 2020.
Life before election
Le Couteur grew up in the Canberra suburb of Yarralumla. Them father was the British physicist Kenneth Le Couteur. They were educated at Telopea Park High School and the Australian National University where they studied economics. They moved to Nimbin after the holding of the Aquarius Festival there in 1973 and stayed there for 11 years. While in Nimbin they were instrumental in forming a pre-school and primary school and became a solar (photovoltaic) panel retailer and installer. They subsequently moved back to Canberra and worked for the federal and territorial governments firstly in information technology and later in renewable energy policy. They later became an Executive Director of locally based, now ASX listed, company Australian Ethical Investment as well as their information technology manager.
Le Couteur was active in the local environment community. They were at the time of their election one of the two national councillors of the Australian Conservation Foundation (ACF) and had previously been on the ACF's board. They were a keen supporter of groups such as the Australian and New Zealand Solar Energy Society, Pedal Power, Oxfam, Anglicare and the Conservation Council.
Le Couteur has dual British-Australian citizenship.
Political career
Le Couteur stood for the ACT Greens in the electorate of Molonglo in 1998 supporting the Green incumbent Kerrie Tucker. They remained active in the Greens and stood again in Molonglo in 2008. Before the 2008 election the Greens had one member, Deb Foskey. Prior to the 2008 election polling conducted by Patterson Market Research and published in The Canberra Times suggested the Green vote had significantly increased since the last election at the expense of Labor, with the Liberal vote remaining relatively unchanged. Commentators predicted the Greens would hold the balance of power and decide who forms government. The Greens stated they were willing to court both major parties. At the close of counting on election night, with 82.1 per cent of the vote counted, Labor had obtained 37.6 per cent of the vote across the ACT, with the Liberals at 31.1 per cent and the Greens at 15.8 per cent. Swings were recorded against both the Labor (−9.3 per cent) and Liberal (−3.7 per cent) parties with a +6.6 per cent swing towards the Greens. This resulted in the election of Amanda Bresnan, Meredith Hunter, Shane Rattenbury and Caroline Le Couteur. Le Couteur, Bresnan and Hunter were defeated at the 2012 election.
Le Couteur stood as a candidate for the new Murrumbidgee electorate in the 2016 election, and was successfully re-elected. After being sworn in as a member of the Assembly, Le Couteur was appointed chair of the Parliamentary Planning Committee. During their time in the Assembly, Le Couteur was involved in the passage of legislation committing the ACT to a 'zero emissions by 2050' target and a ban on political donations by the property industry. They announced their retirement from politics ahead of the 2020 election.
References
External links
Caroline Le Couteur: Website
Caroline Le Couteur: Legislative Assembly Members' page
Caroline Le Couteur's Inaugural Speech
1952 births
Living people
Australian Greens members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
People from Canberra
21st-century Australian politicians
Australian people of Jersey descent
Women members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly
Diesel & Motor Engineering PLC, commonly abbreviated as DIMO, is a Sri Lankan conglomerate company. The company engaged in vehicle sales, after-sales services, retail, construction and logistics solutions and agriculture sectors. The company was founded in 1939 and was listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange in 1964. DIMO is one of the LMD 100 companies, a list of quoted companies in Sri Lanka by revenue and ranked 39th in the 2020/21 edition.
History
The company was founded in 1939 by Stephen Peries, Pandithage Don Alexander, Cyril Algama and Harold Algama. In 1945, the company was incorporated as a limited liability company. In 1961, DIMO started its partnership with Tata Motors. The company was listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange in 1964. DIMO expanded its business to Myanmar by establishing DIMO Lanka Company Limited in 2017. In 2018 the company ventured into the agricultural sector with the acquisitions of PlantChem (Pvt) Ltd and Plant Seed (Pvt) Ltd. These companies were DIMO's first acquisitions in its history.
Operations
The company celebrated its 50-year partnership with Tata Motors in 2011. DIMO launched DIMO 800, an after-sales centre for Mercedes-Benz in 2014. Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week was hosted at DIMO 800 by DIMO in 2017. It is the largest after-sales centre in Asia with an area of . DIMO had to reduce margins to absorb the sharp depreciation of the Sri Lankan Rupee in 2018. In 2019, the company's conglomerate brand value was LKR7,730 million and ranked 15th amongst conglomerates in Sri Lanka. DIMO was adjudged as the overall winner in the sixth Excellence in Integrated Reporting Awards in 2020 organized by the CMA Sri Lanka.
Sri Lankan economic crisis
Due to the Sri Lankan economic crisis, the company was unable to import vehicle kits from India. Since the ban on vehicle import, the company started assembling Tata Ace. DIMO acquired Tropical Health Food Ltd., a fruit and vegetable exporting firm for LKR450 million. DIMO is shifting its focus on the agriculture sector due to the poor prospects in its core business area vehicle sales caused by the import ban on vehicles. The diversification into the agricultural sector paid off with the company's agricultural sector results rose by 384 per cent to LKR600 million in 2021. However, the company raised concerns over the government's policy of banning inorganic and chemical fertilizers. The company appointed Dilrukshi Kurukulasuriya and Rajeev Pandithage to the board of directors in June 2022. Before their appointment, Kurukulasuriya served as the chief human resources officer of the company. Pandithage joined the company as a management trainee and advanced through the corporate ranks. DIMO was recognized as a great place to work for the ninth consecutive year at the Great Place to Work Awards in 2021.
See also
List of companies listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange
References
External links
Official website
1939 establishments in Ceylon
Conglomerate companies established in 1939
Companies listed on the Colombo Stock Exchange
Conglomerate companies of Sri Lanka
Retail companies of Sri Lanka
Retail companies established in 1939
Grönberg is a Swedish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Martin Grönberg (born 1994), Swedish ice hockey player
Mathias Grönberg (born 1970), Swedish golfer
Raimo Grönberg, Finnish actor
Swedish-language surnames
The Kansas Jayhawks women's basketball team represents the University of Kansas and competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I. The Jayhawks are coached by Brandon Schneider. The Jayhawks have failed to match the success of the men's team, only qualifying for 13 NCAA Tournaments and never making it past the Sweet Sixteen. Despite the lack of success on the court, the Jayhawks have produced one Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Famer, Lynette Woodard
History
Kansas first officially fielded a varsity women's basketball team during the 1968–1969 season, though women's teams had been fielded as early as 1903. For 31 seasons (1973–2004) the women's team was coached by Marian Washington, who led the team to three Big Eight championships, 11 NCAA Tournament appearances and three AIAW Tournament appearances. The team's best post-season result was appearing in the Sweet Sixteen, which they have done five times, most recently in 2013.
Notable players
Former players and coaches in the Basketball Hall of Fame
Lynette Woodard, player and coach
Former WNBA players
Angela Aycock, Forward, Seattle Storm
Tamecka Dixon, Guard, Los Angeles Sparks
Chelsea Gardner, Forward, Indiana Fever
Angel Goodrich, Guard, Tulsa Shock
Jaclyn Johnson, Forward, Orlando Miracle
Danielle McCray, Guard/Forward, Connecticut Sun
Lynn Pride, Guard/Forward, Minnesota Lynx
Charisse Sampson, Guard, Seattle Storm
Conferences
The Jayhawks and the rest of the Big 8, along with four former members of the defunct Southwest Conference, joined and created the Big 12 conference in 1996.
Coaches
* Women's college post-season tournaments did not begin until 1969, with a CIAW invitational tournament. Kansas appeared in the 1971 CIAW post-season qualification tournament with a record of 2-2.
NCAA/AIAW Tournament history
The Jayhawks have appeared in 17 NCAA/AIAW Tournaments. Their combined record is 13–16.
Year by year results
|-style="background: #ffffdd;"
| colspan="8" align="center" | Big Eight Conference
|-style="background: #ffffdd;"
| colspan="8" align="center" | Big 12 Conference
References
External links
1968 establishments in Kansas
Basketball teams established in 1968
Packera cana is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name woolly groundsel. It is native to western and central North America, where it can be found in a wide array of habitat types at all elevations from grassland to the alpine climates of mountain peaks.
It is a perennial herb producing one erect stem from a rosette of basal leaves and a rhizome system. It generally grows up to 40 centimeters in maximum height. It is a woolly plant, its herbage coated in whitish hairs. The basal leaves have lance-shaped to oval blades which may have smooth or toothed edges. They are a few centimeters long and are borne on petioles. Leaves higher on the stem are smaller and simpler.
The inflorescence contains several flower heads, each lined with woolly green phyllaries. The head contains many golden yellow disc florets and generally either 8 or 13 narrow yellow ray florets each up to a centimeter long. The fruit is an achene around a centimeter long, including its pappus of bristles.
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
Washington Burke Museum
Photo gallery
cana
Flora of the Western United States
Flora of California
Flora of Colorado
Flora of the Sierra Nevada (United States)
Flora of the Rocky Mountains
Taxa named by William Jackson Hooker
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
is a train station in Miyoshi, Hiroshima Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Fukuen Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Hiroshima Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1933
Faking may refer to:
Music
Miming in instrumental performance (pretending to play an instrument)
Faking (Western classical music) (pretending to play a difficult section of orchestral music)
Lip-synching (pretending to sing in a concert)
Backing track (using pre-recorded music in a live show)
Faking (jazz) (providing improvised accompaniment in jazz)
Other contexts
Fake news
Fake orgasm
Poseur (a person pretending to be part of a subculture)
Charlatan (a person pretending to be a member of a certain profession)
See also
Fake (disambiguation)
Fakir
Dionysupolis or Dionysoupolis or Dionysopolis () was a town of ancient Thrace, later of Moesia, on the river Ziras. It was founded as a Thracian settlement in was founded still in V century BC, but was later colonised by the Ionian ancient Greeks and given the name Cruni or Krounoi (Κρουνοί). It was named Krounoi from the nearby founts of water.
It was renamed as Dionysopolis after the discovery of a statue of Dionysus in the sea. Later it became a Greek-Byzantine and Bulgarian fortress. The town also bore the name Matiopolis.
It existed within the present town of Balchik, Bulgaria.
In the beginning of III century BC the city was relatively independent and included in the system of fortifications built by Diadohite.
In VI century the town was destroyed by an earthquake and the population moved within the new fortification, whose construction began at the end of the V and beginning of VI century.
Later, in VII century the town is possession of the Bulgars and Slavs and was renamed first to Karvuna, and after that - Balik, after the name of Boyar Balik, who used it as a capital of its domain.
One of the most important discoveries in borders of the ancient Dionysopolis is the Temple of Greet mother-goddess Cybele. Many of the artifacts found there can be seen in Balchik History museum. Since 1994 the site has the status of cultural monument of national significance.
References
Populated places in ancient Thrace
Former populated places in Bulgaria
Greek colonies in Thrace
Ionian colonies in Thrace
Greek colonies in Scythia Minor
Thracian towns
Asbury is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Wharton is a civil parish near Kirkby Stephen in the Eden District of Cumbria, England, which, historically, was part of Westmorland. It has a population of 31. As the population taken at the 2011 Census remained less than 100 details are included in the parish of Mallerstang. It has a Grade 1 listed house called Wharton Hall and a castle called Lammerside Castle.
See also
Listed buildings in Wharton, Cumbria
References
External links
Cumbria County History Trust: Wharton (nb: provisional research only – see Talk page)
http://www.geog.port.ac.uk/webmap/thelakes/html/lgaz/lk12422.htm
http://www.britishlistedbuildings.co.uk/england/cumbria/wharton
Civil parishes in Cumbria
Eden District
Berty may refer to:
Berty Albrecht (1893-1943), French Resistance fighter
Berty Premalal Dissanayake (1954–2013), Sri Lankan politician
Louis Berty Ayock (b. 1983), Cameroonian footballer
Maurice Berty (1884–1946), French illustrator
See also
Berti
Bertie (disambiguation)
On Monday, October 25, 1993, a Nigerian Airways Airbus A310 flight from Lagos to Abuja was hijacked by 4 teenagers aged 16 and 18.
Background
Richard Ogunderu, Kabir Adenuga, Benneth Oluwadaisi and Kenny Rasaq-Lawal boarded the flight initially planned to fly from Lagos to Abuja containing top government officials including Rong Yiren, the vice president of China, and Nigerian government officials.
The hijackers had planned to divert the aircraft to Frankfurt, Germany. However, the plane needed to stop over for refueling in Niamey, Niger Republic. When the flight landed at the Diori Hamani International Airport in Niamey, the hijackers announced that the flight had been taken over by "Movement for the Advancement of Democracy in Nigeria".
The hijackers demanded that the Nigerian military-backed interim government resign and name Moshood Abiola as the president. The four hijackers said they would set the Airbus 310 on fire in 72 hours if this demand was not met.
After 2 hours of negotiations they freed 129 people, including Rong Yiren, from the plane and held back the crew and Nigerian government officials.
The four hijackers said they would set the Airbus 310 on fire in 72 hours unless Nigerian authorities agreed to their demands, which at first included the resignation of the military-backed government.
Not knowing how sophisticated the hijackers were in skill and explosives, the police could not initially attack the plane. After 4 days, the gendarmes invaded the plane and arrested the hijackers. A crew member was killed in the process.
Aftermath
The 4 hijackers spent 9 years, 4 months in Niger prison. Shortly after the hijack, Ernest Shonekan's interim government was replaced by General Sani Abacha's dictatorship.
References
Aircraft hijackings in Africa
Aircraft hijackings
The women's 100 metre breaststroke competition of the swimming events at the 1973 World Aquatics Championships took place on September 5.
Records
Prior to the competition, the existing world and championship records were as follows.
The following records were established during the competition:
Results
Heats
24 swimmers participated in 3 heats, qualified swimmers are listed:
Final
The results of the final are below.
References
Breaststroke 100 metre, women's
World Aquatics Championships
1973 in women's swimming
The bright-rumped yellow finch (Sicalis uropygialis) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the Puna grassland : Peru, Bolivia and northern Chile and Argentina.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland and heavily degraded former forest.
References
bright-rumped yellow finch
Birds of the Puna grassland
bright-rumped yellow finch
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
The white-crowned tapaculo (Scytalopus atratus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.
Taxonomy and systematics
The white-crowned tapaculo was formerly considered a subspecies of rufous-vented tapaculo (Scytalopus femoralis) but was separated based principally on differences in their vocalizations.
Three subspecies of northern white-crowned tapaculo are recognized, the nominate Scytalopus atratus atratus, S. a. nigricans, and S. a. confusus. However, the vocalizations of birds of the eastern Andes (S. a. atratus in part) differ from those in the west, "suggesting that [they] are a separate species".
Description
The white-crowned tapaculo is long. Males weigh and one female weighed . The male of the nominate subspecies is mostly blackish above and slightly lighter below. The flanks and vent are reddish brown and have black bars. It has a white patch on the crown of the head. The female is paler than the male and washed with brown above and is more reddish on the flanks. The juvenile is rust colored with heavy barring. The male S. a. nigricans is darker than the nominate and the female is gray underneath. The male S. a. confusus is paler than the nominate (slaty black) with a brownish lower back. The reddish brown on the flanks and vent, however, covers more area and has heavier barring.
Distribution and habitat
The white-crowned tapaculo is found from western Venezuela to central Peru. Subspecies S. a. nigricans is found only in Venezuela, in Sierra de Perijá and the southern slope of the Andes in Táchira and Mérida states. S. a. confusus is found in the central and western Andes of Colombia. S. a. atratus is the most widespread. As it is currently defined, it ranges from the eastern Andes of Colombia and Ecuador to the central Andes of Peru as far south as the Department of Cuzco.
The white-crowned tapaculo inhabits the undergrowth in the interior and edges of humid montane forest. It ranges in elevation from .
Behavior
Feeding
The white-crowned tapaculo forages on and near the ground for insects.
Breeding
Almost nothing is known about the white-crowned tapaculo's breeding phenology. A juvenile was collected in January and an adult with enlarged gonads in November, both in Ecuador. The species is known to be territorial year round.
Vocalization
The songs of different populations of white-crowned tapaculos are highly variable. Some examples include this from near Bogotá, Colombia , this from near La Florida, Department of Amazonas, Peru , and this from Mérida, Venezuela .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the white-crowned tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. The species has a large range, and although the population has not been quantified, it is believed to be stable.
References
white-crowned tapaculo
Birds of the Northern Andes
white-crowned tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Esso Appalachee was a tanker that was built in 1942 as Empire Dickens by Furness Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Haverton Hill-on-Tees, County Durham, United Kingdom for the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT). In 1946, they were sold into merchant service and renamed Esso Appalachee, serving until 1960, when they were scrapped.
Description
The ship was built in 1941 by Furness Shipbuilding Co Ltd, Haverton Hill-on-Tees. They were yard number 341.
The ship was long, with a beam of . They had a depth of and a draught of . They were assessed at , . Them DWT was 14,852. They had capacity for of liquid cargo.
The ship was propelled by a 674 nhp triple expansion steam engine, which had cylinders of , and diameter by stroke. The engine was built by Richardson Westgarth & Co Ltd, West Hartlepool. It drove a screw propeller and could propel the ship at .
History
Empire Dickens was built for the MoWT. Them keel was laid on 21 April 1941, They were launched on 14 February 1942 and completed in April. The Official Number 164853 and Code Letters BDSG were allocated.
World War II
1942
Empire Dickens departed from Middlesbrough on their maiden voyage on 14 April 1942. They joined Convoy FN 681, which had departed from Southend, Essex the previous day and arrived at Methil, Fife on 15 April 1942. They then joined Convoy EN 72, which departed two days later and arrived at Oban, Argyllshire on 19 April. From Oban, Empire Dickens joined Convoy ON 89, which had departed from Liverpool, Lancashire on 23 April and arrived at New York, United States on 5 May. From New York, they sailed to the Hampton Roads, Virginia, departing on 17 May as a member of Convoy KS 501, which arrived at Key West, Florida on 23 May. They then sailed to Pensacola, Florida, arriving two days later. Empire Dickens sailed from Pensacola on 27 May for Port Arthur, Texas, arriving the next day. They departed on 31 May for Key West, arriving there on 5 June. Empire Dickens was a member of Convoy KN 108, which departed from Key West on 8 June 1942 and arrived at New York on 15 June. They left the convoy at the Hampton Roads on 16 June, departing for New York on 21 June and arriving there the next day. They then sailed to Boston, Massachusetts, from where they departed on 27 June for Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, arriving two days later. Empire Dickens was a member of Convoy HX 197, which departed from Halifax on 6 July and arrived at Liverpool on 17 July. They were carrying a cargo of petrol. They left the convoy at the Belfast Lough to join Convoy BB 199, which arrived at Milford Haven, Pembrokeshire on 18 July. Them destination was Swansea, Glamorgan, where they arrived the next day.
Empire Dickens departed from Swansea on 26 August for Milford Haven, from where they sailed on 27 August to join Convoy ON 125, which departed from Liverpool on 28 August and arrived at New York on 12 September. They departed from New York on 20 September as a member of Convoy NG 307, which arrived at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba on 27 September. They then joined Convoy GAT 9, which departed that day and arrived at Trinidad on 3 October. Empire Dickens left the convoy at Curaçao, Netherlands Antilles, where they arrived on 30 September. They departed on 5 October, joining Convoy TAG 10, which had departed from Trinidad on 3 October and arrived at Guantanamo Bay on 8 October. They departed on 10 October as a member of Convoy GN 11, which arrived at New York on 16 October. Empire Dickens was a member of Convoy HX 212, which departed from New York on 18 October and arrived at Liverpool on 2 November. They were carrying petrol and bound for Avonmouth, Somerset, which was reached by detaching from the convoy at the Belfast Lough on 1 November to join Convoy BB 232. That convoy departed on 2 November and arrived at Milford Haven the next day. Avonmouth was reached on 5 November.
Empire Dickens departed from Avonmouth on 22 November for Milford Haven, arriving the next day and departing the day after to join Convoy ON 149, which departed from Liverpool on 26 November and arrived at New York on 12 December. They then joined Convoy NK 514, which departed on 16 December and arrived at Key West on 21 December. They departed that day for Houston, Texas, arriving on 26 December.
1943
A return trip was made to Baytown before Empire Dickens departed on 1 January 1943 for New York, which was reached on 9 January via Key West and Jacksonville, Florida. They departed on 14 January as a member of Convoy HX 223, which arrived at Liverpool on 2 February. They left the convoy at the Belfast Lough on 1 February.
Empire Dickens departed from Liverpool on 21 February as a member of Convoy ON 168, which dispersed off Cape Cod, Massachusetts on 12 March. their destination was New York, which was reached on 17 March. Having loaded a cargo of petrol, they departed from New York on 25 March as a member of Convoy HX 231, which arrived at Liverpool on 10 April. They left the convoy at the Belfast Lough on 10 April to join Convoy BB 278, which arrived at Milford Haven the next day. Them destination was Swansea, which was reached via Avonmouth on 16 April.
Empire Dickens departed from Swansea on 22 April for Milford Haven, from where they departed the next day to join Convoy ON 180, which departed from Liverpool on 24 April and arrived at New York on 14 May. They detached from the convoy and put into the Belfast Lough with defects, arriving on 26 April and departing four days later to join Convoy ON 181, which departed from Liverpool that day and arrived at New York on 18 May. Them destination was Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where they arrived that day. Empire Dickens sailed for New York on 29 May, arriving that day and departing two days later as a member of Convoy HX 242, which arrived at Liverpool on 15 June. They were carrying a cargo of petrol bound for the Stanlow Refinery, Ellesmere Port, Cheshire. Empire Dickens made another return trip to New York, departing on 24 June as a member of Convoy ON 190, which arrived on 8 July. They returned with Convoy HX 248, which departed on 15 July and arrived at Liverpool on 29 July.
Empire Dickens departed from Liverpool on 31 July as a member of Convoy ON 195, which arrived at New York on 13 August. They returned with defects, arriving back at Liverpool the next day. Defects rectified, they joined Convoy ON 196, which departed on 8 August and arrived at New York on 21 August. They were a member of Convoy HX 252, which departed from New York on 2 September and arrived at Liverpool on 16 September. They were carrying a cargo of avgas which was destined for Thameshaven, Essex. Empire Dickens left the convoy at Loch Ewe on 15 September and reached Southend on 20 September via Convoy WN 480 to Methil and Convoy FS 1224.
Empire Dickens departed from Southend on 13 October as a member of Convoy FN 1151, which arrived at Methil two days later. They then joined Convoy EN 295, which departed on 16 October and arrived at Loch Ewe on 18 October. They then joined Convoy ON 207, which had departed from Liverpool on 18 October and arrived at New York on 4 November. They departed from New York on 11 November for the Hampton Roads, arriving the next day. Empire Dickens was a member of Convoy UGS 24, which departed on 14 November and arrived at Port Said, Egypt on 12 December. Them destination was Bizerta, Algeria, which was reached on 6 December. They sailed on 13 December to join Convoy GUS 24, which had departed from Port Said on 6 December 1943, and arrived at the Hampton Roads on 3 January 1944. Them destination was New York, which was reached that day.
1944
Empire Dickens departed from New York for the Hampton Roads on 23 January. They then joined Convoy UGS 31, which departed on 25 January and arrived at Port Said on 21 February. Them destination was Algiers, Algeria, which was reached on 13 February. They departed on 19 February to join Convoy KMS 41, which had departed from Gibraltar on 17 February and arrived at Port Said on 27 February. They left the convoy at Augusta, Sicily, Italy on 23 February. They sailed two days later for Bari, arriving on 27 February. They departed on 6 March for Taranto, arriving the next day and leaving later that day to join Convoy HA 28A, which had departed from Bari on 7 March and arrived at Augusta on 9 March. They departed the next day to join Convoy GUS 33, which had departed from Port Said on 5 March and arrived at the Hampton Roads on 4 April.
Empire Dickens departed from New York on 30 April for the Hampton Roads in order to join Convoy UGS 41, which departed on 3 May and arrived at Port Said on 30 May. Them destination was Casablanca, Morocco, which was reached on 20 May. They departed for Gibraltar three days later, arriving on 25 May. Empire Dickens was a member of Convoy KMS 52, which departed on 6 June and arrived at Port Said on 16 June. They left the convoy at Augusta, arriving on 12 June. A return trip to Naples was made via Convoy VN 46 and Convoy NV 47, arriving back at Augusta on 22 June. They departed the next day to join Convoy MKS 53, which had departed from Port Said on 18 June and arrived at Gibraltar on 29 June. They left the convoy at Algiers, where they arrived on 27 June. Empire Dickens departed on 2 July to join Convoy GUS 44, which had departed from Port Said on 24 June and arrived at the Hampton Roads on 18 July. Them destination was New York, which was reached that day.
Empire Dickens departed from New York on 1 August 1944 for the Hampton Roads, arriving on 3 August. They then joined Convoy UGS 50, which departed that day and arrived at Port Said on 29 August. Them destination was Augusta, which was reached on 25 August. They sailed that day for Bari, arriving two days later and departing on 1 September 1944 for Brindisi, arriving the next day. They departed on 5 September to join Convoy HA 64A, which had departed from Bari that day and arrived at Augusta on 7 September. Empire Dickens arrived at Augusta on 6 September and joined Convoy GUS 51, which had departed from Port Said on 2 September and arrived at the Hampton Roads on 28 September. They arrived at New York that day.
Empire Dickens was a member of Convoy HX 314, which departed from New York on 15 October 1944 and arrived at Liverpool on 29 October. They were carrying a cargo of avgas bound for Thameshaven. They arrived at Southend on 30 October. Empire Dickens was a member of Convoy ON 270, which departed from Southend on 3 December and arrived at New York on 22 December.
1945
They returned to the United Kingdom with Convoy HX 331, which departed on 8 January 1945 and arrived at Liverpool on 22 January. They were carrying a cargo of petrol, which was bound for Avonmouth, where they arrived on 22 January.
Empire Dickens departed from Avonmouth on 31 January for Milford Haven, from where they sailed on 2 February to join Convoy ON 282, which had departed from Liverpool the previous day and arrived at New York on 19 February. They returned with Convoy HX 342, which departed on 4 March and arrived at Liverpool on 19 March. They were carrying a cargo of aircraft and petrol. They detached from the convoy and sailed to the Clyde, arriving on 20 March. Empire Dickens departed from the Clyde on 27 March to join Convoy ON 293, which had departed from Southend that day and arrived at New York on 15 April. Carrying a cargo of petrol, they returned with Convoy HX 354, which departed on 3 May and arrived at Liverpool on 18 May. They left the convoy at the Belfast Lough that day.
Post-war
Empire Dickens departed from the Belfast Lough on 22 May to join Convoy ON 304, which had departed from Southend on 21 May and arrived at New York on 5 June. They departed three days later for London. They departed from London on 21 June for Aruba, Netherlands Antilles, from where they departed on 17 July for Cristóbal, Panama Canal Zone. They sailed from Cristóbal on 23 July for Aruba, arriving three days later. They departed from Aruba on 28 July for Gibraltar, from where they departed on 12 August for Naples, arriving on 16 August.
Empire Dickens departed from Naples on 19 August for Port Said, where they arrived four days later. They then sailed to Suez, from where they departed on 24 August for Abadan, Iran, arriving on 4 September and departing three days later for Melbourne, Australia, where they arrived on 6 October. They departed on 10 October for Abadan, arriving on 5 November. Empire Dickens departed on 8 November for Suez, arriving on 19 November and then sailing to Port Said, from where they departed on 21 November for Augusta, which was reached on 24 November. They sailed four days later for Livorno via Genoa, arriving on 3 December. Empire Dickens departed from Livorno on 6 December for Port Said, arriving on 11 December and then sailing to Suez, from where they departed on 12 December for Abadan, which was reached on 23 December.
Re-named Esso Appalachee
In 1946, Empire Dickens was sold to the Anglo-American Oil Co Ltd, London. They were renamed Esso Appalachee and placed under the management of the Esso Transportation Co Ltd. In 1951, they were sold to Esso Petroleum Co Ltd, London. In April 1952, Esso Appalachee was being towed by the tugs and Flying Petrel at Bowling, West Dunbartonshire when they fouled their tow and then collided with Flying Buzzard, hitting their amidships and sinking them Flying Buzzard was salvaged in May and repaired, returning to service in October. On 6 January 1956, Esso Appalachee was in collision with the jetty at Immingham, Lincolnshire, cutting it in two and leaving a gap. They served until 1960, arriving on 2 August at Faslane, Argyllshire for scrapping by Shipbuilding Industries Ltd.
References
External links
Photo of Esso Appalachee from bows
Photo of Esso Appalachee from stern
1942 ships
Ships built on the River Tees
Empire ships
Ministry of War Transport ships
Tankers of the United Kingdom
Steamships of the United Kingdom
Merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Maritime incidents in 1952
Maritime incidents in 1956
"Somebody Else" is a song recorded by American R&B singer-songwriter Mario, featuring guest vocals from Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. The song was released in the United States as a digital download on May 21, 2013, on RCA Records.
It was intended to be the lead single for their then-upcoming fifth studio album, but would only be a standalone single due to Mario scrapping the whole album and departing from the label.
The record heavily samples the 1975 song "Remember the Rain", by American R&B group 21st Century.
Background
Through their official Twitter page, on May 17, 2013, they confirmed that they have been working with Polow Da Don, for the track "Somebody Else" featuring rapper Nicki Minaj. R&B singer-songwriter Frank Ocean recorded a demo of the song as did Chris Brown who considered the song for their album Fortune.
Composition
"Somebody Else" was written by Mario and Nicki Minaj, and it was produced by Polow da Don. The song is an upbeat tempo track featuring thumbing percussion, with hip-hop influences and sampled vocals in the hook.
Critical reception
"Somebody Else" was praised by R&B music critics, many of them adored Minaj's verse. Critics also commented that people may love or hate this song, because of the meaning of it: "getting dumped and watching the man or woman you love to run straight into the arms of 'Somebody Else'." RnB Magazine called it "hot music" and a summer hit. ThisisRnB.com acclaimed Minaj's verse and Polow Da Don's production, calling those "impressive" and "infectious", respectively.
Music video
The video was filmed on May 25, 2013 and directed by Alexandre Moors. The video premiered on July 8, 2013 on MTV Jams and it was premiered on July 10, 2013 on BET's 106 & Park. The video chronicles the dramatic ending of a relationship as Mario and Nicki square off in the video.
Track listing
Digital download
"Somebody Else" (featuring Nicki Minaj) - 4:09
Chart performance
Release history
References
2013 singles
2013 songs
Mario (singer) songs
Nicki Minaj songs
RCA Records singles
Songs written by Polow da Don
Songs written by Nicki Minaj
Songs written by Mario (American singer)
Song recordings produced by Polow da Don
Songs about heartache
Contemporary R&B ballads
The russet-bellied spinetail (Synallaxis zimmeri) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to Peru.
Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical high-altitude shrubland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
References
External links
BirdLife Species Factsheet.
russet-bellied spinetail
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
russet-bellied spinetail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Newcastle Local Municipality council consists of sixty-seven members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Thirty-four councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in thirty-four wards, while the remaining thirty-three are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. In the election of 3 August 2016 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of forty-one seats on the council.
Results
The following table shows the composition of the council after past elections.
December 2000 election
The following table shows the results of the 2000 election.
March 2006 election
The following table shows the results of the 2006 election.
May 2011 election
The following table shows the results of the 2011 election.
August 2016 election
The following table shows the results of the 2016 election.
August 2016 to November 2021 by-elections
In a by-election held on 5 April 2017, a ward previously held by the ANC was won by an independent candidate. Council composition was reconfigured as seen below:
November 2021 election
The following table shows the results of the 2021 election.
The IFP took control of the municipality by entering into agreement with the DA, Team Sugar and other parties.
References
Newcastle
Elections in KwaZulu-Natal
Marguerite de Sassenage (1424–1470) was a French noblewoman. They were a mistress to King Louis XI of France prior to their succession as king. They had three daughters with Louis XI, who were all acknowledged by him.
References
Detlev Schwennicke, Europäische Stammtafeln, Band 3.2, Klostermann, Frankfurt am Main 1983, Tafel 305.
1424 deaths
1470 deaths
15th-century French people
Mistresses of French royalty
The Blythe Hill Tavern is a grade II listed public house in Forest Hill, south London.
References
External links
Blythe Hill Tavern
Grade II listed pubs in London
Grade II listed buildings in the London Borough of Lewisham
700 East is a streetcar stop in the Sugar House neighborhood of Salt Lake City, Utah, in the United States, served by Utah Transit Authority's (UTA) S Line (previously known as the Sugar House Streetcar). The S Line provides service from Sugar House to the city of South Salt Lake (where it connects with UTA's TRAX light rail system).
Description
The 700 East stop is located at 2210 South 700 East, just west of South 700 East (SR-71). The side platform is located on the north side of the single set of tracks. There is no parking available nearby; street-side parking is not permitted along the adjacent section of South 700 East. The stop began service on December 8, 2013, and is operated by Utah Transit Authority.
References
UTA streetcar stops
Railway stations in the United States opened in 2013
Railway stations in Salt Lake City
2013 establishments in Utah
Broscodes karumicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Broscodes. B. karumicus is found in central and south western Asia.
References
Broscinae
Monotypic Carabidae genera
Samuel Johnson (10 October 1822 Salem, Massachusetts – 19 February 1882 North Andover, Massachusetts) was a United States clergyman and author.
Biography
Johnson graduated from Harvard in 1842, and from the Harvard Divinity School in 1846. They joined no religious denomination. Save for one year with a Unitarian church in Dorchester, Massachusetts, where they displeased their congregation by their opposition to slavery, they were not settled as a minister until 1853. In 1853, they established an independent society in Lynn, Massachusetts, with which they remained till 1870, when they withdrew to complete studies of many years, the results of which appeared later in their publications.
Literary work
With Samuel Longfellow, Johnson compiled a Book of Hymns (1846) and Hymns of the Spirit (1864). Some of their own inspiring hymns in these books are now found in the collections of various denominations. Their critical study The Worship of Jesus (1868), written in accordance with their views of universal religion, is described by O. B. Frothingham as “perhaps the most penetrating and uplifting essay on that subject in any language.” They printed notable essays on religion, reform, etc., in The Radical and other periodicals.
Their great series Oriental Religions included volumes on India (1872), China (1877) and Persia (1885). The volume on Persia contains an introduction and a critical estimate of Johnson by Frothingham. The series represents what Johnson themselves calls their “purely humanistic point of view.” It took its place among the most learned and liberal contributions to the study of comparative religion and civilisation. Their philosophy was highly transcendental; but being versed in many languages, they were acquainted with all schools, and with the results of history, literature, science and criticism in every department.
Scholars have compared their competence, patience and thoroughness in writing Oriental Religions with the same qualities in Darwin. Prof. E. J. Eitel, the German orientalist, wrote of “Johnson's pre-eminent merits as the historian of universal religion,” and F. Max Müller paid them tribute as the finder of “a religion behind all religions.”
Johnson's Theodore Parker (1890) is a profoundly spiritual interpretation of that preacher and reformer, whose work on the intellectual side was surpassed by Johnson's, while on the moral side, as in the anti-slavery conflict, they stood as equal comrades. A little volume of Johnson's hymns, with other poems, was published in 1899.
References
Further reading
Samuel Longfellow, Lectures, Essays and Sermons by Samuel Johnson, with a Memoir (Boston, 1883). This book contains some of Johnson's best papers, including lectures on “Switzerland” and “Florence,” the outgrowth of searching observations in Europe, “Equal Opportunity for Woman,” “Labor Parties and Labor Reform,” and an essay on “Transcendentalism.”
External links
1822 births
1882 deaths
Writers from Salem, Massachusetts
American clergy
Harvard Divinity School alumni
19th-century American clergy
American Christian hymnwriters
19th-century Unitarian clergy
Sumter County is a county located in the west-central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, its population was 32,819. The county seat is Americus. The county was created on December 26, 1831.
Sumter County is part of the Americus micropolitan statistical area.
History
Foundation and antebellum years
Sumter County was established by an act of the state legislature on December 26, 1831, four years after the Creek Indians were forced from the region when the state acquired the territory from them in the 1825 Treaty of Indian Springs. Sumter, the state's 80th county, was created after population increases by a division of Lee County, now situated to its south. The county was named for former General and United States Senator Thomas Sumter (1734–1832) of South Carolina. When the county was organized, Sumter was 97 years old and the last surviving general of the American Revolution (1775–1783).
Shortly thereafter, a committee chose a central site for the county seat, and laid out what became the town of Americus. Many of the county's earliest white residents acquired their land through an 1827 state land lottery. Like many other white settlers, they quickly developed their property for cotton cultivation. Since the invention of the cotton gin at the end of the 18th century, short-staple cotton was the crop of choice throughout the Black Belt of the South.
The rich, black soil, combined with ready market access via the Flint River (bordering the county on the east) or the Chattahoochee River (farther west), put Sumter among the state's most prosperous Black Belt counties by the 1840s and 1850s. Cotton agriculture was economically dependent on enslaved African Americans. By the 1850 census, the demographic makeup of the county had become 6,469 whites, 3,835 slaves, and 18 free people of color. By the 1860 census, the county had 4,536 whites, 4,890 slaves and two free people of color.
Civil War years
During the American Civil War (1861–65), the small village named Andersonville, 9 mi (14 km) north of Americus on the county's northern edge, was selected by Confederate authorities as the site for a prisoner-of-war camp. The Andersonville prison was built in neighboring Macon County, and became the largest such prison in the South. During the camp's 14 months of operations, some 45,000 Union prisoners suffered some of the worst conditions and highest casualties of any of the camps. Today, the Andersonville National Historic Site serves as a memorial to all American prisoners of war throughout the nation's history. The park lies in both Macon and Sumter Counties and consists of the historic prison site and the National Cemetery, which originally was reserved for the Union dead.
Into modernity
Other areas of the county have attracted national attention in the 20th century for very different reasons. In 1942, two Baptist ministers chose a farm in the western part of the county as the location for a Christian commune named Koinonia, where Black and White workers lived and worked together for nearly 50 years, generating some hostility among local residents during its early years.
Sumter County counts a U.S. President among its native sons. Jimmy Carter was born and raised on a peanut farm in Plains, a small community on the county's western edge. Their election to the presidency in 1976 brought the small town considerable attention from journalists and tourists, which it continues to receive as the former President and their wife, and much of their family, still make Plains their home. Carter's birthplace and childhood home has been designated a National Historic Site, and is open for tours.
The headquarters of Habitat for Humanity International, a nonprofit organization whose mission is to eliminate homelessness, is located in Americus, the home of its founder, Millard Fuller. In addition to Habitat's socially impactful activities, Koinonia Partners publishes a bimonthly newsletter for the Prison and Jail Project promoting prisoner reform and education. Americus is also home to two colleges. Georgia Southwestern State University, a public four-year institution established in 1906, is part of the University System of Georgia. South Georgia Technical College, which stands near Souther Field, was a training base for American and British aviators during World War I (1917–18). Charles Lindbergh learned to fly here and assembled a military surplus "Jenny" aircraft with the help of mechanics at Souther Field. Downtown Americus boasts two prominent examples of historic restoration: the Windsor Hotel, built in 1892, and the Rylander Theatre, which originally opened in 1921.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which are land and (2.0%) are covered by water.
Muckalee Creek flows through Sumter County, which also contains Lake Blackshear and Kinchafoonee Creek.
The western two-thirds of Sumter County, from northeast of Americus to southwest of Leslie, is located in the Kinchafoonee-Muckalee subbasin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The eastern third of the county is located in the Middle Flint River subbasin of the same ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 19
U.S. Route 280
State Route 3
State Route 27
State Route 30
State Route 45
State Route 49
State Route 118
State Route 153
State Route 195
State Route 228
State Route 271
State Route 308
State Route 377
Adjacent counties
Macon County (northeast)
Dooly County (east)
Crisp County (southeast)
Lee County (south)
Terrell County (southwest)
Webster County (west)
Marion County (northwest)
Schley County (north)
National protected areas
Andersonville National Historic Site (part)
Jimmy Carter National Historic Site
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, 33,200 people, 12,025 households, and 8,501 families were living in the county. The population density was 68 people/sq mi mile (26/km2). The 13,700 housing units averaged 28/sq mi (11/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 48.22% White, 49.02% African American, 0.30% Native American, 0.59% Asian, 1.28% from other races, and 0.59% from two or more races. About 2.68% of the population were Hispanics or Latinos of any race.
Of the 12,025 households, 34.5% had children under 18 living with them, 44.5% were married couples living together, 22.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 29.3% were not families. About 25.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 8.9% had someone living alone who was 65 or older. The average household size was 2.64 and the average family size was 3.15.
In the county, theage distribution was 27.8% under 18, 11.9% from 18 to 24, 27.4% from 25 to 44, 20.6% from 45 to 64, and 12.3% who were 65 or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females, there were 88.20 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.90 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $30,904, and for a family was $35,379. Males had a median income of $27,828 versus $20,439 for females. The per capita income for the county was $15,083. About 17.60% of families and 21.40% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.30% of those under age 18 and 16.80% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, 32,819 people, 12,123 households, and 8,153 families wereliving in the county. The population density was . The racial makeup of the county was 51.8% African American, 42.2% White, 1.3% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 3.3% from other races, and 1.2% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 5.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 7.3% were American, 6.6% were English, and 5.8% were Irish.
Of the 12,123 households, 35.0% had children under 18 living with them, 39.4% were married couples living together, 23.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.7% were not families, and 27.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.55, and the average family size was 3.11. The median age was 33.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,430 and or a family was $41,371. Males had a median income of $33,676 versus $27,247 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,436. About 21.7% of families and 26.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 37.8% of those under age 18 and 14.1% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 29,616 people, 11,510 households, and 7,256 families residing in the county.
Economy
Sumter remains largely a rural county. According to USDA/Georgia Agricultural Statistics Service 2001 figures, cotton remains its major crop, with up to under cultivation, followed by wheat, peanuts, and corn, which when combined, roughly equal the county's acreage in cotton.
Its major employers include Cooper Lighting, Georgia Southwestern State University, Magnolia Manor, Phoebe Sumter Medical Center, and Walmart.
Communities
Americus (county seat)
Andersonville
Cobb
De Soto
Leslie
Plains
Politics
Sumter County is a swing county in presidential elections. Since 1960, it has voted Democratic eight times, including in 1976, when Sumter County native Jimmy Carter was elected, Republican six times, and for a third-party candidate (George Wallace) once. The last candidate to carry the county by more than 10 points was Bill Clinton in 1996.
The county voted for the winner of the presidential election each year from 1984 to 2012, sticking with the Democrats (Carter's party) in 2016 when Hillary Clinton won a majority of the vote.
Education
Sumter County School District operates public schools.
Southland Academy is a private school in Americus.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Sumter County, Georgia
References
Further reading
Jimmy Carter, An Hour Before Daylight: Memories of a Rural Boyhood (New York: Simon and Schuster, 2001).
Jack F. Cox, History of Sumter County, Georgia (Roswell, Ga.: W. H. Wolfe, 1983).
Freedomways: A Newsletter of the Prison and Jail Project (Americus, Ga.: Koinonia Partners, 1995– ).
William Marvel, Andersonville: The Last Depot (Chapel Hill: University of North Carolina Press, 1994).
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1831 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1831
Americus, Georgia micropolitan area
Articles containing material imported from the New Georgia Encyclopedia
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
World of Plenty is a 1943 British documentary film directed by Paul Rotha for the Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries. It discusses problems with, and possible improvements to, global food distribution.
Synopsis
An opening narration explaining that the film's purpose is to examine the "world strategy of food", in terms of its production, distribution and consumption. The film is then divided into three parts: "Food - As It Was", "Food - As It Is" and "Food - As It Might Be".
References
External links
World of Plenty at BFI Screenonline
1943 films
British documentary films
Films directed by Paul Rotha
Documentary films about agriculture
British black-and-white films
1943 documentary films
1940s British films
Birds, Orphans and Fools () is a 1969 Czechoslovak film directed by Juraj Jakubisko. The film is about three people who are all orphaned by political violence. Set in an unspecified time and place, the movie is a parable about three people who face a tough, violent world and survive by adopting a childlike philosophy of life and live a life of foolish, joyful denial.
The film was released in 1969 and was shown that year at an international film festival in Sorrento, Italy. Soon after, though, the film was banned by the communist authorities until the end of the regime in 1989.
Plot
The main characters, Yorick, Martha and Ondrej, exist in a bleak, cynical world. All of them have been orphaned during a war. To survive, they adopt a childlike philosophy where they live in love and joy, and seem to be immune to despair. "Life is beautiful," screams the main characters.
The trio live with birds in a surrealistic, bombed church in the center of a city. At first it seems that they are all enjoying their lighthearted play. Foolishness is a drug. Or, as Yorick says, "only a fool can be a free man."
The key struggle is the relationship of the two men to Martha. Yorick develops a relationship with Martha quickly. Ondrej, a virgin, has a harder time getting close to Martha, not withstanding prodding by Yorick. In an odd move, Yorick has themselves arrested and is sent to jail for a year during which time Martha and Ondrej's relationship develops.
Each of the characters in the film goes through a long internal development. The most apparent is that of Yorick, who after returning from prison, "lost the courage to be crazy". Ondrej seems to find passion in their love of Martha.
Jealousy of Ondrej and Martha's relationship incites Yorick to murder to Martha and their unborn baby and then commit suicide. Ondrej's fate remains unknown.
Political subtext
The film is made soon after the Warsaw Pact invasion of Czechoslovakia. In the movie the main characters are living in an enchanted world of love, joy and freedom, but in fact, they are not free. The world is dismal and lacking the freedom that they pretend to enjoy. As Jakubisko is quoted as saying: "Foolish games and death are cruel. Maybe too cruel. When I shot my fiction in 1968 there were people lying on the sidewalks. They didn't have to fake death."
Production
Birds, Orphans and Fools was made in 1969 and had a limited release before it was banned. It would be 20 years before the Soviet ban of the film was lifted with the end of the Soviet Regime. The film was censured for its negative, hopeless and non-socialist content. When it finally debuted at the 1990 film festival it was met with resounding approval and success. Birds, Orphans and Fools came out in 2009 in a DVD edition.
The production staff includes architect Anton Krajčovič and costume designers Milena Doskočová, Helena Pale.
Both the exterior and interior scenes were filmed in Slovakia. The movie was filmed in Bratislava, Piestany and Bradlo.
The movie was produced by Slovenská filmová tvorba, Bratislava, Czechoslovakia and Como Film Paris, France.
Cast
Magda Vášáryová as Martha
Jiří Sýkora as Yorick
Philippe Avron as Ondrej
Mila Beran as the domestic man
Francoise Goldité as Saša
Awards
1969 — Jakubisko received the Gold Siren Award at the Sorrento Film Festival in Italy for their first three films: Crucial Years (Kristove roky), Birds, Orphans and Fools and Deserters and Pilgrims (Zbehovia a pútnici)
1973 — Second Prize for film director Juraj Jakubisko at the (France)
2008 — Crystal Globe awarded to Director Jakubisko at the Karlovy Vary International Film Festival
References
External links
Birds, Orphans and Fools at the Czechoslovak Film Database (in Czech)
1969 films
Slovak drama films
Czechoslovak drama films
Films directed by Juraj Jakubisko
The AMT Lightning was a line of semi-automatic .22LR-caliber firearms manufactured by the Arcadia Machine & Tool (AMT) company in the 1980s and early '90s.
The term can refer to:
AMT Lightning pistol
AMT Lightning 25/22 rifle
is a train station in San'yō-Onoda, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.
Lines
West Japan Railway Company
Onoda Line
Adjacent stations
|-
!colspan=5|JR West
Railway stations in Yamaguchi Prefecture
The Asociación de Scouts del Perú (ASP, Scout Association of Peru) is the national Scouting organization of Peru. Peruvian Scouting was founded in 1911 and was among the charter members of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1922. It has 4,852 members (as of 2011).
Vocational training is provided in a number of fields. There are many community services and Scouts work with the Red Cross in some of their programs. Conservation programs are stressed. Scouts have the opportunity to visit jungle villages and learning about the conservation of nature first hand. Tree planting is done by many groups. Scouts work to restore and maintain ancient Inca sites such as Machu Picchu and Cusco. A number of Scout projects deal with increasing food production and improving nutrition in communities.
History
The Asociación de Scouts del Perú was founded by Juan Luis Rospigliosi (June, 24 1854-July 24, 1935) on May 25, 1911 at Barranco English Institute in Lima. In October 1913 the second Scout brigade formed.
In 1916, the Society of Girl Guides was founded by the first Chief Guide, Elsa Hansen Daranyi.
On April 3, 1933, father Benito of the Colegio La Recoleta founded the first Cubs pack, Barranco district in Lima.
On June 22, 1941, Rover clan 5 of Lima was founded by father Chiaffredo.
On July 3, 1942, Sea Scouts was founded.
In 1946, the national headquarters was established by the first Chief Scout, engineer José Toribio Flores León.
In 1966, Law 16666 declared Scouting a "necessity and public utility".
From August 7 to 11, 1972, the 8th Interamerican Scout Conference was held at the Crillon Hotel in Lima.
In 1973, Dr. Elías Mendoza Habersperger was awarded the Bronze Wolf, the only distinction of the World Organization of the Scout Movement, awarded by the World Scout Committee for exceptional services to world Scouting.
On April 15, 1975, the present national headquarters was acquired.
In 1983, the first National Jamboree was held in Chiclayo.
In 2004, the Caminantes program section was created for Scouts aged 15 to 18.
In 2007, "Operation Be Prepared" aided earthquake victims.
In 2011, the centennial National Jamboree was held at the National Agrarian University.
From January 4 to 11, 2015, the ninth National Jamboree was held in Chimbote.
Emblems
thumb|right|140px|The original fleur-de-lis emblem created in 1913
From 2013 the organization uses the WOSM brand for its logo, like the South African Scout Association logo but with "Perú" added. The original fleur-de-lis emblem created in 1913 is still used as the Scout section badge and features a stylized Inti, the Andean sun-god.
Program sections
Lobatos/Cubs-ages 7 to 11
Scouts-ages 11 to 15
Caminantes/Venturing-ages 15 to 18
Rovers-ages 18 to 21
Scout Motto
Siempre Listo, Be Prepared
Scout Promise
Por mi honor prometo hacer cuanto de mi dependa para cumplir mis deberes para con Dios, patria y padres. Ayudar al projimo en toda circunstancia y cumplir fielmente la ley Scout.
Scout Law
El Scout genera confianza.
El Scout es leal en lo correcto.
El Scout es util y ayuda a los demas sin pensar en recompensas.
El Scout es amigo de todos y hermano de cualquier Scout sin distincion de credo, raza, clase social o nacionalidad.
El Scout es cortes y caballeroso.
El Scout ve en la naturaleza la obra de Dios, cuida y protege a los animales y las plantas.
El Scout obedece en lo correcto teniendo siempre en cuenta los Derechos Humanos y termina lo que empieza.
El Scout sonrie y canta ante sus dificultades.
El Scout es exitoso, economico, trabajador y cuidadoso del bien ajeno.
El Scout es limpio y sano, puro de pensamientos, palabras y acciones.
See also
Asociación Nacional de Guías Scouts del Perú
References
External links
Official Homepage
World Organization of the Scout Movement member organizations
Scouting and Guiding in Peru
Youth organizations established in 1911
The 2021–22 Jacksonville State Gamecocks men's basketball team represented Jacksonville State University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Gamecocks, led by sixth-year head coach Ray Harper, played home games at the Pete Mathews Coliseum in Jacksonville, Alabama. JSU returned to the ASUN Conference, which it had left in 2003 to join the OVC, on July 1, 2021. Although Jacksonville State lost the conference semifinal to Jacksonville, Jacksonville State got the ASUN automatic bid as the conference tournament champion Bellarmine were ineligible for the NCAA tournament due to them undergoing their transition to Division I, with Jacksonville State earning the bid due to them winning the regular season title. They lost in the First Round of the NCAA Tournament to Auburn.
Previous season
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Gamecocks finished the 2020–21 season 18–9, 13–6 in OVC play to finish in fourth place. They lost in the semifinals of the OVC Tournament to Belmont.
Roster
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=12 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=13 style=| ASUN Conference regular season
|-
!colspan=12 style=| ASUN Tournament
|-
|-
!colspan=12 style=| NCAA Tournament
|-
Sources
References
Jacksonville State Gamecocks men's basketball seasons
Jacksonville State Gamecocks
Jacksonville State Gamecocks men's basketball
Jacksonville State Gamecocks men's basketball
Jacksonville State
Tommaso Ziffer is an Italian architect and interior designer. Ziffer designed The Accademia Valentino and in 2000 as well as Rome's most successful hotel, Rocco Forte's Hotel de Russie. Ziffer has also designed several private residential projects.
They have also designed the interior of Casa Howard, a well-known guest house in Rome and in 2006 the interior design of Hotel de Rome in Berlin, Germany, again for Rocco Forte Hotel chain.
Ziffer has recently been appointed for the Interior Design Project of the total restoration of the well-known Roman "Hotel de la Ville" a 5 star luxury Hotel project that will be managed once again from Rocco Forte Hotel Group and financed by Reale Immobili, a branch of the Reale Mutua Insurance Company.
At the same time they were also appointed for the Interiors of a new wing of the Locanda Rossa Resort in Capalbio, Tuscany, that was completed in the spring of 2018.
Ziffer, completed in 2019 the total refurbishment of the Hotel de la Ville, second property of Rocco Forte Hotel in Rome and immediately after the Rocco Forte House apartments in Via del Babuino the third property of the same company in the Eternal City.
References
External links
Hotel de Russie
Casa Howard
Hotel de Rome
Italian interior designers
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
General elections were held in Tonga on 27 November 2014. All twenty-six elected seats in the single-chamber Legislative Assembly were up for election, although the monarch, acting on the advice of their Prime Minister, retains the possibility to appoint members to Cabinet from outside Parliament, thus granting them a non-elected ex officio seat in Parliament.
They were the second elections carried out under the May 2010 electoral law, which provided that a majority of Assembly members should be elected by the people, rather than the people and the nobility having equal representation. The November 2010 general election was the first held under this new democratic principle; it was also the first to produce a Parliament empowered to give binding advice to the King as to the appointment of a Prime Minister.
Background
In the 2010 general elections, the Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands (DPFI), led by veteran pro-democracy activist ʻAkilisi Pohiva, had won twelve of the people's seventeen seats, with the rest going to independent candidates. (The representatives of the nobility, for their part, never belong to any political party.) Pohiva, the MP for Tongatapu 1, had sought to become Prime Minister, but the nobles and independent people's representatives entrusted Lord Tuʻivakanō with the task of forming a government, relegating the DPFI to the status of a de facto parliamentary opposition.
Considering that the reforms introduced in 2010 were merely to be viewed as a first step in the process of democratisation, the DPFI introduced a bill in October 2013 (via ʻAisake Eke, MP for Tongatapu 5) which would have empowered the people to elect the Prime Minister directly from among the twenty-six elected members of Parliament, instead of the King appointing a Prime Minister from among those members on the advice of Parliament. The bill was rejected by fifteen votes to six, failing even to secure the support of all DPFI members.
Nonetheless, Pohiva immediately announced that, in early 2014, their party would submit a bill for electoral reform, so that all twenty-six members of the Assembly be elected by the people. The nobility would still retain their existing nine seats, but those nobles would be elected by the people. Pohiva suggested this would make "the whole Parliament [...] accountable to the people and not as we have it now". Dr Malakai Koloamatangi of Massey University commented that it was probably too late for any such reform to apply to the 2014 election.
Electoral system
Under the electoral reforms introduced prior to the 2010 election, Tonga is divided into seventeen single-member constituencies for the election of the people's representatives. These overlap with the four constituencies for the election of the nobles' representatives: a four-member constituency covering Tongatapu and ʻEua, a two-member constituency covering Vavaʻu, a two-member constituency covering Haʻapai, and a single-member constituency covering the islands of Niuafoʻou and Niuatoputapu. In both types of constituency, the first-past-the-post electoral system is applied.
All Tongan citizens aged at least 21, other than noble titleholders and members of the Royal Family who hold noble titles, are entitled to elect the people's representative for their constituency. "Persons under summons for debt" and those diagnosed as insane are excluded from the right to vote. As for the nobles' constituencies, the right to vote is granted to hereditary peers and life peers, although only hereditary peers are entitled to be elected. There are thirty-three titles of hereditary nobility, which can be inherited only by men, and which entitle the bearer to the title of "Lord". Some of these titles are periodically vacant, and some are held by members of the Royal Family. As of 2013, eight commoners (all of them men) had been elevated by the monarchy to a life peerage, which likewise entitled them to the title of "Lord".
Results
By constituency
Nobles
References
Tonga
Elections in Tonga
2014 in Tonga
November 2014 events in Oceania
Senecio astephanus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name San Gabriel ragwort. It is endemic to California, where it is known only from the rocky slopes of the Transverse Ranges and adjacent Coast Ranges. It is a perennial herb growing up to a meter tall and producing discoid flower heads containing golden yellow florets.
References
External links
Jepson Manual Treatment
USDA Plants Profile
Flora of North America
astephanus
Endemic flora of California
Flora of North America
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Owned by International Multifoods, Inc., Boston Sea Party was a chain of seafood high-end restaurants that started around 1976 during the U.S. Bicentennial. This special occasion chain had a 1770s theme where waiteres wore floor length, colonial dress with ruffled mop caps. The menu consisted of an all-you-can-eat seafood buffet with an entree choice of lobster, prime rib, New York strip steak or fish. Most U.S. large convention cities enjoyed a Boston Sea Party. In Atlanta, the restaurant was located within the Buckhead community in a historic farmhouse with decor consisting of beautiful stained glass windows (from a former church), wine cellar, and one dining room with old, brick floors. It is unclear when the chain finally closed for good, although articles seem to indicate the last restaurants open were in the late '90s or early 2000s. One of these articles, by the Houston Business Journal in December 1994, reports Christmas party deposits lost due to the abrupt closing of the Westheimer location the month before. A related posting, also under this BSP search, is a review of the Houston company, Epic Group. The 2000 posting updates the location as a Molinas restaurant.
See also
List of seafood restaurants
References
External links
Boston Sea Party TV Commercial at The Museum of Classic Chicago Television
Defunct restaurant chains in the United States
Fast-food seafood restaurants
Defunct seafood restaurants
The 1896 County Championship was the seventh officially organised running of the County Championship, and ran from 4 May to 31 August 1896. Yorkshire County Cricket Club claimed victory that year, winning 16 of their 26 matches and losing only three. Five of Yorkshire's players made over 1,000 runs in the season, including John Brown who was placed third nationally, while Yorkshireman Bobby Peel was sixth highest wicket taker and Schofield Haigh held one of the leading bowling averages. Although Yorkshire had a crop of players accruing these statistics, Kumar Shri Ranjitsinhji of Sussex took the plaudits for the most runs that year, 1,698, at the highest average, 58.55, while Surrey's Tom Richardson took the most wickets – 191, and William Attewell of Nottinghamshire returned the best average – 14.63 for their 87 wickets.
Highlights
The highest team total during 1896 was 887, made by Yorkshire against Warwickshire at Edgbaston, composed of centuries from Stanley Jackson (117), Ted Wainwright (136), Bobby Peel (210*) and Lord Hawke (166). The latter two were both career bests. In contrast, the lowest team total was 45 when Surrey were routed by only two Middlesex bowlers. WG Grace's 301 against Sussex was the highest score of the season, while there were three hat-tricks for Richardson, Jack Hearne and Walter Mead. Richardson also took the season's best match figures, 15/113 against Leicestershire, while Mead took 9/75 – the best innings figures of the season.
Table
One point was awarded for a win, and one point was taken away for each loss. Final placings were decided by dividing the number of points earned by the number of completed matches (i.e. those that ended in win or loss), and multiplying by 100.
Leading averages
Notes
External links
1895 County Championship at CricketArchive
1896 in English cricket
County Championship seasons
County
John George "Pink" Griffith (January 4, 1880 – March 23, 1948) was an American football player and coach of football, basketball, and baseball.
They served as the head football coach at Simpson College (1901), the University of Idaho (1902–1906, 1910–1914), the University of Iowa (1909), Oklahoma Agricultural and Mechanical College—now Oklahoma State University–Stillwater (1915–1916), and New Mexico College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts—now New Mexico State University (1917), compiling a career college football record of 49–38–5. Griffith was also the head basketball coach at Idaho (1905–1907, 1910–1915), Iowa (1907–1910), Oklahoma A&M (1915–1917), and New Mexico A&M (1917–1920), tallying a career college basketball mark of 101–80. They also coached baseball at Idaho for eight seasons.
Playing career
Born in Iowa City, Iowa, Griffith was a four-time college football letter winner for the University of Iowa from 1897 to 1900. Griffith, a fullback, played for some of the greatest teams in Iowa football history.
Against Illinois in 1899, Griffith returned a punt 85 yards as Iowa won, 58–0, to cap an undefeated season. After the game, referee R. T. Hoagland of Princeton said, "The dodging run of Griffith down the field for a touchdown was the best piece of individual playing that I ever saw. The men (of the 1899 Hawkeyes) are all stars; they make the best team I ever saw."
In Iowa's first year in the Western Conference (now known as the Big Ten) in 1900, Griffith was named Iowa's team captain. The team won the Western Conference title in Iowa's first year in the league. Iowa had to settle for a controversial 5–5 tie against Northwestern in Griffith's final game at Iowa. The entire team except Griffith ate a bad batch of creamed potatoes and got food poisoning the day before the game.
Still, Griffith did not suffer a defeat in their final twenty games as a player at Iowa, going 17–0–3. Their last collegiate loss was late in their sophomore season.
Coaching career
Griffith graduated from Iowa in 1901, and coached at Simpson (IA) for a year. In 1902, they were hired as head football coach and athletic director at the University of Idaho in Moscow. When Iowa football coach Alden Knipe retired after the 1902 season, school officials considered hiring Griffith but went with John Chalmers instead. Griffith continued as Idaho's football coach through 1906.
When Chalmers was succeeded by Mark Catlin as Iowa's head coach, Griffith left Idaho to serve as Catlin's assistant coach at Iowa in 1907 and 1908. the 1908–1909 season, Iowa's first basketball season in the Big Ten.
Prior to the 1909 football season, Caitlin left Iowa for Lawrence University in Wisconsin, and the Hawkeyes hired Griffith as their ninth head football coach. They were the first Iowa graduate to lead the football team and coached Iowa to a 2–4–1 record in 1909; the star player that season was Walter "Stub" Stewart.
Griffith finished out the 1909–1910 basketball season, their third as a head basketball coach. Their team went 11–3 that year, bringing Griffith's three year basketball coaching record to 29–14. After the basketball season, Griffith announced they were leaving Iowa, and Stewart replaced them as the basketball coach.
After just one season as head football coach, Griffith left Iowa and returned to Idaho to become the head of their entomology department. They also served as their head football coach again from 1910 through 1914, and their ten-year record at Idaho was 28–22–2 ().
Griffith also coached football at Oklahoma A&M (now Oklahoma State University) in 1915 and 1916, compiling an 8–9–1 record. In 1917, they led the football team at New Mexico A&M (now New Mexico State University) to a 4–2 record.
Death
Griffith died in 1948 at age 68 in Pasadena, California, and is buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Glendale.
Head coaching record
Football
See also
List of college football head coaches with non-consecutive tenure
References
External links
1880 births
1948 deaths
19th-century players of American football
American football fullbacks
Idaho Vandals baseball coaches
Idaho Vandals football coaches
Idaho Vandals men's basketball coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes baseball coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes men's basketball coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes football coaches
Iowa Hawkeyes football players
Oklahoma State Cowboys basketball coaches
Oklahoma State Cowboys football coaches
New Mexico State Aggies athletic directors
New Mexico State Aggies football coaches
New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball coaches
Simpson Storm football coaches
Sportspeople from Iowa City, Iowa
American people of Welsh descent
Basketball coaches from Iowa
Players of American football from Iowa
The Big West men's basketball tournament (formerly the Pacific Coast Athletic Association men's basketball tournament) is the conference championship tournament in basketball for the Big West Conference.
It is a single-elimination tournament and seeding is based on regular season records. Only the top eight teams in the conference qualify for the tournament. The winner receives the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship. Prior to 1985, it was known as the PCAA (Pacific Coast Athletic Association) Tournament for the conference's former name.
Results
Pacific Coast Athletic Association
Big West Conference
Performance by school
Italics: No longer a conference member
Broadcasters
Television
Radio
See also
Big West Conference women's basketball tournament
CCAA men's basketball tournament
References
Recurring sporting events established in 1976
Lewin Louis Aronsohn (18 October 1850 – 1928) was a German banker and liberal politician, a member of the regional parliament of the Province of Posen (Poznań), the Prussian House of Representatives and the Prussian Constitutional Assembly.
Aronsohn was born in Wissek, Prussian Province of Posen (Wysoka, Poland), they moved to Bromberg (Bydgoszcz), where they co-founded the Bydgoszcz Shipping and Towing joint-stock Company and the M. Stadthagen Bank. They became a municipal councillor (1878–1890), member of the magistrate of Bromberg (1890–1918) and headed the Jewish community from 1881 on. They initiated the construction of the new Synagogue. Aronsohn was elected a member of the regional Parliament of the Province of Posen.
In 1903 they were elected a member of the Prussian House of Representatives for the Free-minded People's Party, they later joined the Progressive People's Party. They criticized the policy of the Prussian Settlement Commission, which bought Polish estates in the Provinces of Posen and West Prussia because this, from their point of view, provided Poles the financial means to settle in towns. In April 1914 they unsuccessfully suggested using a restrictive clause for the government aid of home ownership in order to exclude Poles from the funding.
They were a member and last president (1915-1918) of the Bromberg Chamber of Commerce. In the first decade of the 20th century they supervised a number of important infrastructural projects and controlled the municipal tax administration, gasworks, market, slaughterhouse, water tower, locks, and real estate market. They were responsible for the construction of a modern storage and industrial district at the lower Brahe (Brda). They were a member of the Riflemen's Association, the Historical Society of the Netze District, and the German Society of Arts and Sciences. Aronsohn financed the Kaiser Wilhelm I monument and the Archer, a sculpture which they unveiled on their 60th birthday and has become one of the symbols of Bydgoszcz.
From 1915 on Aronsohn worked in the administration of German-occupied Poland. Aronsohn moved to Berlin in 1918, they opposed the incorporation of Bromberg into Poland. In 1919, they became a member of the Prussian Constitutional Assembly for the German Democratic Party.
Aronsohn died in 1928 in Berlin. Today the Villa Aronsohn is the seat of the Municipal Housing Administration in Bydgoszcz.
Awards
Order of the Red Eagle Fourth Class (1902)
Order of the Crown (Prussia) Third Class (1912)
Honorary Citizen of Bromberg (1918)
Gallery
References
1850 births
1928 deaths
People from Piła County
People from the Province of Posen
German bankers
Jewish German politicians
Free-minded People's Party (Germany) politicians
Progressive People's Party (Germany) politicians
German Democratic Party politicians
Members of the Prussian House of Representatives
Members of the Sejm (Provinziallandtag) of Posen
Politicians from Bydgoszcz
Perspectives on Psychological Science is a bimonthly peer-reviewed academic journal of psychology. It is published by SAGE Publications on behalf of the Association for Psychological Science. The journal was established in 2006 and the editor-in-chief is Klaus Fiedler (University of Heidelberg). The founding editor was Ed Diener (University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign). Members of the Association for Psychological Science receive the journal as part of their membership.
The journal is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE).
Abstracting and indexing
The journal is abstracted and indexed in:
According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 11.621.
References
External links
SAGE Publishing academic journals
English-language journals
Psychology journals
Association for Psychological Science academic journals
Bimonthly journals
Publications established in 2006
The 1994 Hackney Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
The 1994 Ealing Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Ealing London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party gained overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
WYNC (1540 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Gospel music format. Licensed to Yanceyville, North Carolina, United States, the station is owned by Semora Broadcasting, Inc.
External links
YNC
Gospel radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1966
YNC
1966 establishments in North Carolina
YNC
The Ministry of Energy of Turkmenistan () is a Cabinet Ministry in the Turkmenistan. Since 2015, the portfolio has been headed by Minister Charymurad Purchekov.
History
According to the Decree of the President of Turkmenistan Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedov on July 7, 2012 "On creation of the Ministry of Energy of Turkmenistan" was the successor of the abolished department of the Ministry of Energy and Industry of Turkmenistan. By focusing on the power sector, the ministry will be able to deliver it more effective management and coordination. Before the agency faces the challenges of large-scale modernization of existing power generation capacity, the creation of new ones, to increase electricity export.
Ministers
References
External links
Ministry of Energy
Turkmenistan
Energy
Turkmenistan, Energy
2012 establishments in Turkmenistan
The following is a list of the prominent caves formed in the islands of the Azores:
Corvo
Gruta da Ponta do Marco
Faial
Furna das Cabras
Furna Ruim
Gruta da Rua do Algar
Gruta das Anelares
Gruta do Cabeço do Canto
Gruta do Cruzeiro
Gruta do Luís Pereira
Gruta do Parque do Capelo
Gruta dos Covões
Flores
Furna Jorge
Gruta do Galo
Gruta dos Enxaréus
Graciosa
Caldeirinha de Pêro Botelho
Furna d' Água
Furna da Labarda
Furna da Lembradeira
Furna da Maria Encantada
Furna da Urze
Furna da Vizinha
Furna de Manuel de Ávila
Furna do Abel ou de Lavar
Furna do Anel
Furna do Calcinhas
Furna do Canto
Furna do Cão
Furna do Cardo
Furna do Cavalo
Furna do Dragoeiro
Furna do Enxofre
Furna do Gato
Furna do Linheiro
Furna do Luís
Furna do Moinho
Furna do Queimado
Furna do Vermelho
Furna dos Bolos
Furna Furada
Galeria do Forninho
Gruta de São José
Gruta do Bom Jesus
Gruta do Manhengo
Pico
Algar da Bagacina
Algar da Furna do Abrigo
Algar das Hortelãs
Algar do Cabeço da Negra
Algar do Cabeço da Serreta
Algar do Cabeço do Dório de Baixo
Algar do Cabeço do Dório de Cima
Algar do Caixeiro
Algar do Caralhoto da Montanha
Algar do Chicharro
Algar do Lanchão
Algar do Tambor
Algar do Tamusgo
Algar dos Burros
Algar dos Caralhotos
Algar dos Terreiros
Algar dos Túneis
Algar/Gruta das Silvas
Algar/Gruta do Alto do Morais
Algar/Gruta do Cabeço Bravo
Algar/Gruta do Canto da Serra
Algar/Gruta do Cogumelo
Algar José da Silva
Algares do Miradouro
Fenda dos Frisos
Furna da Água
Furna da Baliza
Furna da Laje
Furna da Miragaia
Furna da Prainha do Galeão
Furna da Queimada
Furna da Sapateira
Furna das Barbeiras
Furna das Cabras (mar) I
Furna das Casas
Furna das Casas Velhas
Furna das Pombas
Furna de Henrique Maciel
Furna do Carregadouro
Furna do Frei Matias
Furna do Frei Matias Troço II
Furna do Frei Matias Troço III
Furna do Frei Matias Troço IV
Furna do Lemos
Furna do Manuel José de Lima
Furna do Outeiro
Furna do Tirana
Furna do Zé Capote
Furna dos Frades
Furna dos Mendonças
Furna dos Vimes
Furna Nova I
Furna Nova II
Furna Vermelha
Gruta da Agostinha
Gruta da Baixa da Ribeirinha
Gruta da Barca (Candelária)
Gruta da Barca (Madalena)
Gruta da Canada da Prainha
Gruta da Cisterna
Gruta da Estrada Longitudinal I
Gruta da Estrada Longitudinal II
Gruta da Pia
Gruta da Ponte
Gruta da Ribeira do Fundo
Gruta da Ribeira dos Bodes
Gruta da Ribeirinha
Gruta da Tia Adelaide
Gruta da Transversal
Gruta da Travessa do Queimado
Gruta das Almas
Furna das Cabras (terra) II
Gruta das Canárias
Gruta das Cascatas
Gruta das Laranjeiras
Gruta das Pombas
Gruta das Teias
Gruta das Torres
Gruta de São Mateus
Gruta Detrás do Cabeço
Gruta do Altinho
Gruta do Aniceto Mateus
Gruta do Cabeço Bravo
Gruta do Cabeço da Negra
Gruta do Cabeço
Gruta do Cabeço do Carvalhal
Gruta do Caminho da Montanha
Gruta do Caminho do Mato
Gruta do Canto
Gruta do Cão
Gruta do Capitão
Gruta do Capitão-Mor
Gruta do Carregadouro II
Gruta do Cerrado
Gruta do Dório
Gruta do Esqueleto
Gruta do Frei Matias Oeste I
Gruta do Frei Matias Oeste II
Gruta do Frei Matias Oeste III
Gruta do Furtado
Gruta do Gabriel
Gruta do Galeão II
Gruta do Guindaste
Gruta do Junçalinho
Gruta do Lajido do Meio
Gruta do Mistério da Silveira I
Gruta do Mistério da Silveira II
Gruta do Mistério da Silveira III
Gruta do Poço Novo
Gruta do Ramal de Santo Amaro
Gruta do Ruivo
Gruta do Salazar
Gruta do Soldão
Gruta do Sumidouro
Gruta do Tambor Estrada
Gruta do Tanquinho
Gruta do Tubarão
Gruta do Zé Pereira
Gruta dos Algares
Gruta dos Arcos
Gruta dos Azevinhos
Gruta dos Bodes
Gruta dos Cogumelos
Gruta dos Cortiços
Gruta dos Montanheiros
Gruta dos Túmulos
Gruta Grande do Cabeço Bravo
Gruta Pequena do Cabeço Bravo
Gruta Tavares de Melo
Tubo do Rochedo
Santa Maria
Furna do Ilhéu do Romeiro
Furna Velha
Gruta das Figueiras
Gruta de Santana
São Jorge
Algar das Bocas do Fogo
Algar do Morro Pelado
Algar do Pico da Maria Pires
Algar dos Suspiros I
Algar dos Suspiros II
Furna da Preguiça
Furna da Recta da Cruz
Furna da Vigia I
Furna da Vigia II
Furna das Pombas
Furna do Poio
Furna do Pombal
Galeria do Toledo
Gruta da Beira
Gruta da Canada do Pedroso
Gruta da Granja
Gruta da Lomba do Gato
Gruta da Ribeira do Almeida
Gruta da Ribeira Seca
Gruta das Três Bocas
Gruta do Cerrado dos Algares
Gruta do Leão
Gruta dos Encantados
Grutas do Algar do Montoso
São Miguel
Algar da Batalha
Algar da Ribeirinha
Algar do Pico Queimado
Caldeirão
Fenda do Pico Queimado
Gruta António Borges
Gruta da Candelária
Gruta da Giesta
Gruta da Lagoa
Gruta da Manguinha
Gruta da Nordela
Gruta da Quinta Irene
Gruta da Rua do Paim (Carvão II)
Gruta da Rua João do Rego (Carvão III)
Gruta da Rua José Bensaúde
Gruta da Soledade
Gruta das Arribanas
Gruta das Escadinhas
Gruta das Feteiras
Gruta das Queimadas
Gruta de Água de Pau
Gruta de Rabo de Peixe
Gruta de Santa Clara
Gruta de São Pedro
Gruta de Vila Franca
Gruta do Carvão
Gruta do Enforcado
Gruta do Esqueleto
Gruta do Livramento
Gruta do Pico da Cruz
Gruta do Pico do Funcho
Gruta dos Valados
Panela da Caloura
Túnel da Caloura
Terceira
Algar Adérito de Freitas
Algar da Canada do Laranjo
Algar das Furnas
Algar do Biscoitinho
Algar do Canadão
Algar do Carvão
Algar do Chambre
Algar do Funil
Algar do João Caldo Quente
Algar do Juncal
Algar does Negro
Algar do Pico Alto
Algar do Pico do Funil
Algar do Pico Gaspar I
Algar do Pico Gaspar II
Algar dos Funis
Algar/Gruta do Mistério
Algar/Gruta do Pico das Dez
Cova do Caldeirão (Sé)
Cova do Caldeirão (Serreta)
Fenda do Pico Zimbreiro
Furna da Bugia
Furna da Nascente
Furna da Rua Longa
Furna das Feiticeiras
Furna das Pombas
Furna d' Água
Furna de Santa Maria
Furna do Cabrito
Furna do Frade
Furna do Poço Negro
Furna do Portão
Furna dos Ninhos
Galeria da Queimada
Galeria da Ribeira Seca
Galeria do Fanal
Galeria do Felisberto Joaquim
Galeria do Sequeira
Galerias da Feteira
Gruta Brisa Azul
Gruta da Achada
Gruta da Baía de Vila Maria
Gruta da Branca Opala
Gruta da Canada do Laranjo
Gruta da Cascata
Gruta da Chamusca
Gruta da Madre de Deus
Gruta da Malha
Gruta da Malha Grande
Gruta da Santinha
Gruta da Terra Mole
Gruta das Agulhas
Gruta das Cinco Ribeiras
Gruta das Laranjas
Gruta das Mercês I
Gruta das Mercês II
Gruta de Santa Catarina
Gruta de Santo António
Gruta do Alicerce
Gruta do Baldio
Gruta do Caldeira
Gruta do Camarão
Gruta do Camelo
Gruta do Cerro I
Gruta do Cerro II
Gruta do Cerro III
Gruta do Chocolate
Gruta do Coelho
Gruta do Esqueleto
Gruta do Golfe
Gruta do Natal
Gruta do Pico do Funil
Gruta do Tanque
Gruta do Zé Grande I
Gruta do Zé Grande II
Gruta dos Balcões
Gruta dos Buracos
Gruta dos Morros da Azenha
Gruta dos Principiantes
Gruta dos Ratões
Gruta dos Ratos
Gruta Pequena
Tubo I do Monte Brasil
Tubo II do Monte Brasil
External links
Speleoazores.com
Lista das Cavidades vulcânicas dos Açores
Montanheiros.com
References
caves
Caves of Portugal
caves
Azores
The 2020 Appalachian State Mountaineers baseball team represented Appalachian State University in the 2020 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Mountaineers played their home games at Beaver Field at Jim and Bettie Smith Stadium and were led by fourth year head coach Kermit Smith.
On March 12, the Sun Belt Conference announced the indefinite suspension of all spring athletics, including baseball, due to the increasing risk of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Preseason
Signing Day Recruits
Sun Belt Conference Coaches Poll
The Sun Belt Conference Coaches Poll was released sometime on January 30, 2020 and the Mountaineers were picked to finish fifth in the East Division.
Preseason All-Sun Belt Team & Honors
Drake Nightengale (USA, Sr, Pitcher)
Zach McCambley (CCU, Jr, Pitcher)
Levi Thomas (TROY, Jr, Pitcher)
Andrew Papp (APP, Sr, Pitcher)
Jack Jumper (ARST, Sr, Pitcher)
Kale Emshoff (LR, RS-Jr, Catcher)
Kaleb DeLatorre (USA, Sr, First Base)
Luke Drumheller (APP, So, Second Base)
Hayden Cantrelle (LA, Jr, Shortstop)
Garrett Scott (LR, RS-Sr, Third Base)
Mason McWhorter (GASO, Sr, Outfielder)
Ethan Wilson (USA, So, Outfielder)
Rigsby Mosley (TROY, Jr, Outfielder)
Will Hollis (TXST, Sr, Designated Hitter)
Andrew Beesley (ULM, Sr, Utility)
Personnel
Roster
Coaching staff
Schedule and results
Schedule Source:
*Rankings are based on the team's current ranking in the D1Baseball poll.
References
Appalachian State
Appalachian State Mountaineers baseball seasons
Appalachian State Mountaineers baseball
Penitent Magdalene (also called Repentant Madalene) is a 16th-century oil on canvas painting by Italian Baroque painter Caravaggio. The painting portrays a repentant Mary Magdalene, bowed over in penitent sorrow as they leaf behind their dissolute life, its trappings abandoned beside them At the time of its completion, ca. 1594–1595, the painting was unconventional for its contemporary realism and departure from traditional Magdalene iconography. It has invited both criticism and praise, with speculation even into the 21st century as to Caravaggio's intentions. The work hangs in the Doria Pamphilj Gallery in Rome.
Composition
The painting depicts a young brunette, squatting or kneeling on a low chair, with their hands cradled in their lap. By their side is a collection of jewelry and a stoppered bottle of liquid, nearly three-quarters full. Them gaze is averted from the viewer, their head turned downward in a position that has been compared to traditional portrayals of the crucified Jesus Christ. A single tear runs down one cheek to the side of their nose.
History
The painting was completed ca. 1594–1595, during which time Caravaggio was residing with Giuseppe Cesari and Fantin Petrignani. The painting was almost certainly commissioned by Pietro Vittrice, guardaroba of Pope Gregory XIII. Caravaggio was known to have used several prostitutes as models for their works, and historians have speculated that Anna Bianchini is featured in this painting. Contemporary biographers indicate Bianchini may also have featured in Caravaggio's Death of the Virgin, Conversion of the Magdalen (as Martha) and Rest on the Flight into Egypt (as the Virgin Mary). It may be the first religious painting ever completed by Caravaggio.
The painting represents a departure from the standard paintings of the penitent Mary Magdalene of Caravaggio's day, both in portraying them in contemporary clothing and, in the words of biographer John Varriano (2006), avoiding "the pathos and languid sensuality" with which the subject was generally treated. Indeed, most of the many depictions of the subject in art showed the Magdalen with no clothing at all, as in Titian's painting of 1533, it's having fallen apart during the thirty years they spent, according to medieval legend, repenting in the desert after the Ascension of Jesus. It was Caravaggio's departure into realism that shocked their original audience; according to Hilary Spurling in The New York Times Book Reviews (2001), "contemporaries complained that their Mary Magdalene looked like the girl next door drying their hair alone at home on their night in." Decades after the painting's completion, 17th-century art biographer Gian Pietro Bellori opined that Caravaggio had feigned religious imagery by adding items associated with Mary Magdalene—a carafe of oil and discarded jewelry—to an otherwise modern genre scene. But Jesuit poet Giuseppe Silos evidently did not regard the work as feigned spirituality. Rather, in their Pinacotheca sive Romana pictura et sculptura, published in 1673, they praised it and its painter elaborately:
We can see the silent remorse hidden in their conscience, and in the depths of their heart they are burned by a secret flame. Certainly Caravaggio's colors are so lively as to reveal even their most intimate sentiments. A rare bird is that painter who can so clearly expose in a mere image that which is hidden in the blind darkness of the conscience.
In their controversial contemporary biography M (2001), Peter Robb suggested that the realism of the piece and the subtle hints of violence they perceived—broken pearls and the subject's swollen face and hands—might suggest a political dimension, a commentary on the mistreatment of courtesans in Caravaggio's time by police in Rome. Based on records from Bianchini's life, Robb speculates that Bianchini might have been publicly whipped in the custom of the day, the ointment in the jar their treatment for this, their injury Caravaggio's inspiration.
Whatever may have inspired Caravaggio's Magdalene, their piece may have inspired Georges de La Tour to produce several versions of the subject. De la Tour dramatically changed the angle of their painting. Although the Magdalene remains seated, face averted, their hands clasped on their lap, they are strongly backlit by a candle set before a mirror, and cradles a skull on their lap.
See also
List of paintings by Caravaggio
Notes
References
Mancini, Giulio. (ca. 1617-1621) Considerazioni sulla pittura. Quoted and translated in
External links
1590s paintings
Paintings by Caravaggio
Collections of the Doria Pamphilj Gallery
Paintings depicting Mary Magdalene
Adaptability ( "fit to, adjust") is a feature of a system or of a process. This word has been put to use as a specialised term in different disciplines and in business operations. Word definitions of adaptability as a specialised term differ little from dictionary definitions. According to Andresen and Gronau adaptability in the field of organizational management can in general be seen as an ability to change something or oneself to fit to occurring changes. In ecology, adaptability has been described as the ability to cope with unexpected disturbances in the environment.
With respect to business and manufacturing systems and processes, adaptability has come to be seen increasingly as an important factor for their efficiency and economic success. In contrast, adaptability and efficiency are held to be in opposition to each other in biological and ecological systems, requiring a trade-off, since both are important factors in the success of such systems. To determine the adaptability of a process or a system, it should be validated concerning some criteria.
Terminology
In the life sciences the term adaptability is used variously. At one end of the spectrum, the ordinary meaning of the word suffices for understanding. At the other end, there is the term as introduced by Conrad, referring to a particular information entropy measure of the biota of an ecosystem, or of any subsystem of the biota, such as a population of a single species, a single individual, cell, protein or gene.
In the technical research field this feature has been considered only since the late 1990s. H. P. Wiendahl first introduced adaptability as a necessary feature of a manufacturing system in 1999. The need to consider adaptability arose in the context of factory planning, where it is an objective to develop modular, adaptable systems. It has now become an important consideration for manufacturing and system engineers.
Adaptability of a system
Adaptability is to be understood here as the ability of a system (e.g. a computer system) to adapt itself efficiently and fast to changed circumstances. An adaptive system is therefore an open system that is able to fit its behaviour according to changes in its environment or in parts of the system itself. That is why a requirement to recognise the demand for change without any other factors involved can be expressed.
See also
Ecological resilience
Max Mckeown, author of Adaptability: The Art of Winning in an Age of Uncertainty
References
Business terms
Ecological theories
Software quality
The 2013–14 San Mig Coffee Mixers season is the 26th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Key dates
November 3: The 2013 PBA Draft took place in Midtown Atrium, Robinson Place Manila.
January 5: The Mixers defeated Barangay Ginebra San Miguel on a matchup that broke the record of the most people in the Mall of Asia Arena on a 79-83 victory, and an attendance of 20,600 people.
February 12: The Mixers defeated Barangay Ginebra San Miguel in game seven of the best-of-seven series in the Semifinals of the Philippine Cup, a matchup that broke the record of the most crowd attendance in a game itself on a 110-87 victory, with an attendance of 25,000 people.
February 26:The Mixers won their 11th Championship on the 2013-14 PBA Philippine Cup defeating Rain or Shine, 4 wins to 2.
March 16: The Mixers again defeated Barangay Ginebra San Miguel on a 90-80 showdown, the matchup tallied the highest crowd attendance on the 2014 Commissioner's Cup.
May 7: The Mixers won against the Air21 Express on a do-or-die matchup on the Game 5 of the 2014 Commissioner's Semifinals, and booking their third straight final appearance and fifth on the last seven conferences, it also tallies the sixth do-or-die game which the team survived since the 2013 Governors' Cup.
May 15: Coach Tim Cone won their 17th PBA Championship in a 100-91 showdown against the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters, on the first three quarters, the Texter dominated the game, but the Mixers rallied back even the lead was even blown up to 17, they eventually won the game, and the rest of the Mixers also won the franchise's 12th championship, it also tallies three straight championship of the team, and four championship in the last eight conferences, James Yap won their third Finals MVP award.
June 1: The Mixers defeated Barangay Ginebra San Miguel, 100-88, it also tallied the most attendance in this season's Governors' Cup.
June 3: Yancy de Ocampo and Val Acuña was traded to GlobalPort Batang Pier in exchange of Yousef Taha and Ronnie Matias.
June 17: The Mixers won against the San Miguel Beermen, tallying the eight-straight semi-final appearance of the franchise since the 2012 PBA Commissioner's Cup.
June 18: TV analyst and former PBA player Jason Webb is hired as assistant coach.
June 27: The Mixers won against the Talk 'N Text Tropang Texters on their semi-final series, to tally their fourth straight final appearance and sixth in the last eight conferences, and surviving eight-straight on do-or-die games.
July 9: The Mixers became the fourth team in PBA history to win the coveted Grand Slam after they won the deciding Game 5 of Governors Cup Finals, 92-89 against Rain or Shine Elasto Painters. James Yap was named the Finals MVP as they scored 29 points on 12 of 18 shooting from the field. This was the Mixers' 9th straight win in do-or-die games they played. Tim Cone became the only coach in PBA history to win 2 Grand Slams on two different teams. With this Grand Slam, the Mixers also had four-peat run, their 13th PBA title overall, tying them with the fabled Crispa Redmanizers for 3rd place in all-time list.
Draft picks
Roster
Philippine Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Commissioner's Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Game log
Playoffs
Bracket
Governors' Cup
Eliminations
Standings
Bracket
Game log
Transactions
Overview
Recruited imports
References
Magnolia Hotshots seasons
San Mig Coffee Mixers Season, 2013-14
The Lenovo IdeaPad U310 is an Ultrabook-class notebook computer released in 2012. It is the successor to the Lenovo U300s.
The U310 has an aluminum-slab design with an island keyboard and a large touchpad.
Hardware specifications
Christopher Null of Wired wrote, "Surprisingly, the U310 I reviewed performed almost identically in benchmark tests to the U300s I reviewed in November. That's interesting, because the prior machine featured a 256GB SSD, and the U310 features a slow, 5400rpm 500GB traditional hard drive. It seems the faster CPU and slower hard drive manage to cancel each other out in the end. At about 4 hours, 20 minutes of video playback, even battery life is almost the same as it was last time around."
The U310 has a 13.3-inch 1366x768 resolution screen. The U310 has two USB 3.0 ports and one USB 2.0 port, an HDMI port, a wired ethernet port, and an SD card slot.
Issues
Wireless connectivity issues
Many owners reported poor wireless connectivity, a fact later acknowledged by Lenovo, and allegedly affecting all U310 and U410 models built prior to 23 July 2012. Lenovo suggested that users affected by the issue send their Ultrabook to customer support, however no official recall campaign was issued and malfunctioning units in stock were still sold internationally. After the repair, some users still reported the same issue.
However, despite the statement above, reports continue to come in of laptops manufactured after the date mentioned having the same wireless problem.
Lenovo is in the process of settling a class-action lawsuit to either repair the faulty laptops, refund $100, or give a $250 voucher towards another laptop purchase.
Cracking case and hinge
A number of users throughout the world have reported that the hinges of their Ideapad U310 notebooks were popped out and sometimes cracking sounds could be heard after half of a year or one year's normal usage. So far, Lenovo refused to acknowledge this problem and tried to charge customers for replacing the whole screen, which almost costs as much as a new U310. No official recall campaign was issued.
Reviews
A review in Wired praised the U310 for its "awesome value," "solid performance," and sturdiness while complaining about the screen quality and lack of keyboard backlighting.
References
External links
U310
Subnotebooks
This is a list of Hungarian football transfers for the 2010 summer transfer window by club. Only transfers of clubs in the Soproni Liga and Hungarian National Championship II are included.
The summer transfer window opened on 1 June 2010, although a few transfers may have taken place prior to that date. The window closed at midnight on 31 August 2010. Players without a club may join one at any time, either during or in between transfer windows.
Soproni Liga
Budapest Honvéd FC
In:
Out:
Debreceni VSC
In:
Out:
Ferencvárosi TC
In:
Out:
Győri ETO FC
In:
Out:
Kaposvári Rákóczi FC
In:
Out:
Kecskeméti TE
In:
Out:
Lombard-Pápa TFC
In:
Out:
MTK Budapest FC
In:
Out:
Paksi SE
In:
Out:
BFC Siófok
In:
Out:
Szolnoki MÁV FC
In:
Out:
Szombathelyi Haladás
In:
Out:
Újpest FC
In:
Out:
Vasas SC
In:
Out:
Videoton FC
In:
Out:
Zalaegerszegi TE
In:
Out:
External links
Nemzeti Sport
Pepsifoci
References
Hungarian
Football transfers in summer
2010
United Bank is a local bank that was first established in Zebulon, Georgia, United States. United Bank was founded as the Bank of Zebulon in 1905 and later, in 1986, took on the name that it still has today. Though it only had a few branches in its early days of business, United Bank now has over twenty one offices south of the Metro Atlanta area. While many banks in Georgia, and all across the United States, have been failing throughout the difficult economic times in recent years, United Bank has succeeded in expanding its business.
History
In 1905, what is now known as United Bank was founded by a group of local businessmen from Zebulon, Georgia. In the middle of the Great Depression many banks were failing and losing hope that economic system of the United States would soon overcome this downfall. During this time, however, United Bank (then the Bank of Zebulon) became the 172nd bank in the nation to become a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) in 1935.
Milestones
In 1972, Lamar State Bank of Barnesville, Georgia was established. This was one of the first new branches taken on by what was later the United Bank Corporation. By 1981, United Bank Corporation was formed as a holding company for its additional banks and branches. At this point, the only banks included in this were the Bank of Zebulon and Lamar State Bank. In the mid 1980s the banks owned by the United Bank Corporation changed their names to United Bank and the mortgage division of United Bank was established. By 1990, United Bank continued to expand with its purchase of First Federal Bank in Griffin, Georgia. Throughout the mid 1990s, United Bank began to provide bank branches within grocery stores and a local call center that provided full customer service over the phone. In 1997 United Bank provided a division of the bank for investment management and also acquired the offices in Thomaston, Georgia of NationsBank, N.A.
Over the years, United Bank not only opened up new branches on its own, but also bought out many failing banks in the area. In 2004, United Bank opened an additional branch in the historic district of Madison, Georgia. The opening of this division expanded the number of customers that banked with United Bank.
By 2007, two additional branches were opened bringing United Bank in to the Covington, Georgia area. In the next two years, United Bank acquired the deposits of First Georgia Community Bank in Jackson and Locust Grove and First Coweta Bank creating new United Bank branches in Newnan, Hogansville, and Whitesburg, Georgia.
At the start of 2010, United Bank joined the Presto! Network, which allows unlimited and free ATM transactions at over one thousand Publix Supermarket stores. At the end of 2010, an additional branch of United Bank had been opened in Griffin, Georgia. The deposits of First National Bank of Barnesville were also assumed by United Bank, which brought in additional business. In 2011, a new office was added in the Covington area.
References
Banks based in Georgia (U.S. state)
Marino Alonso (born 16 November 1965) is a Spanish former professional racing cyclist. They rode in nine editions of the Tour de France and ten editions of the Vuelta a España. They also rode in the men's road race at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Major results
1987
1st Stage 7 Volta a Catalunya
1st Stage 2 Euskal Bizikleta
1988
1st Subida al Naranco
2nd Overall Vuelta a La Rioja
1st Stage 4
10th Overall Vuelta a Murcia
1989
1st Overall Vuelta a Murcia
1st Stage 4 Volta a Catalunya
2nd Trofeo Masferrer
1990
1st Stage 4b Vuelta a Cantabria
9th Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1st Stage 2
1992
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Asturias
1993
1st Stage 5 Vuelta a España
1994
1st Stage 19 Vuelta a España
1st Overall Vuelta a Aragón
1st Trofeo Comunidad Foral de Navarra
2nd Time trial, National Road Championships
1995
1st
10th Overall Vuelta a los Valles Mineros
1997
1st
3rd Overall Vuelta a los Valles Mineros
1st Stage 2
9th Overall Volta a Catalunya
Grand Tour general classification results timeline
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
People from Zamora, Spain
Sportspeople from the Province of Zamora
Olympic cyclists of Spain
Cyclists at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Castile and León
Ray Reef is a ray exhibit located at the Sea World theme park on the Gold Coast, Australia. The exhibit opened on 14 January 2009.
History
Following the closure and removal of the Thrillseeker roller coaster in May 2002, several proposals were made for the site. In 2005, a seal exhibit, aptly named Seal Rocks, was proposed for the area. From 2006 to 2008 the site was home to the temporary Sea World Eye. Following the removal of the Sea World Eye in 2008, a hippopotamus attraction was proposed for the site. In September 2008, work began on the site for a yet-to-be-named ray exhibit. By October, the name of the exhibit was announced to be Ray Reef. It was originally scheduled that the exhibit would open on Boxing Day 2008 (26 December 2008), however, a number of delays forced it to open on 14 January 2009.
Exhibit
Ray Reef consists of a large lagoon pool and a smaller pool which together are home to more than 100 rays. The Ray Reef area is located under large shade cloths providing shade for guests and rays alike. The whole lagoon is divided in two by a rock wall. The smaller pool contains smaller rays whilst the larger pool contains larger rays. Species within the exhibit include eagle rays, bluespotted stingrays, estuary stingrays and giant shovelnose rays. For a set fee, guests are able to purchase fish to hand feed the rays. Circling the main lagoon are a series of educational billboards which provide a variety of information about rays and their environment.
See also
Stingray Lagoon at SeaWorld Orlando, a similar style of exhibit
References
External links
Amusement rides introduced in 2009
The Commissioner of Police for the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department (SLMPD) is the Head of the Metropolitan Police Department, City of St. Louis.
The post is currently held by interm Commissioner Lt. Colonel Michael J. Sack who was appointed on May 22, 2022 and assumed office on June 18, 2022.
List of Commissioners of Police
See also
List of law enforcement agencies in Missouri
References
External links
Celebrating 200 Years of Service, SLMPD, 2008
St Louis
Metropolitan Police Department, City of St. Louis
Who's Been Sleeping in My House? is an Australian factual television series aired on ABC1 on 21 November 2011, it is produced by joined up films, in association with the ABC and ScreenWest. It's presented by professional archaeologist and researcher Adam Ford. Each episode seeks to unveil hidden stories and the history of the inhabitants that formerly resided there.
References
Australian Broadcasting Corporation original programming
Australian factual television series
2011 Australian television series debuts
2013 Australian television series endings
English-language television shows
The nineteenth European Masters Athletics Championships were held in Izmir, Turkey, from August 22–31, 2014. The European Masters Athletics Championships serve the division of the sport of athletics for people over 35 years of age, referred to as masters athletics.
Results
100 metres
200 metres
400 metres
800 metres
1500 metres
5000 metres
10000 metres
100 metres hurdles
400 metres hurdles
3000 metres steeplechase
4x100 metres relay
4x400 metres relay
Marathon
High jump
Pole vault
Long jump
Triple jump
Shot put
Discus throw
Hammer throw
Javelin throw
Weight throw
Throws pentathlon
Decathlon
5000 metre track race walks
20000 metre road race walks
References
2014 European Masters Athletics Championships
Daniel ben Judah was a Jewish liturgical poet, who lived at Rome in the middle of the fourteenth century CE. They were the grandfather of Daniel ben Samuel ha-Rofe, rabbi at Tivoli.
Religion
Religion Encyclopedias almanacs transcripts and maps Romano, Judah ben Moses ben Daniel
According to Luzzatto, Daniel ben Judah was the author of the well-known hymn Yigdal Elohim Hai containing the thirteen articles of belief of Maimonides. This poem, which forms part of the morning prayer among the Ashkenazim, and is sung by the Sephardim on the eve of Sabbaths and holy days, is included in the Romaniot ritual for Saturday evening.
14th-century Italian rabbis
Rabbis from Rome
Jewish poets
Writers from Rome
Cuneogaster is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Cuneogaster, C. inae, found in the Neotropics.
References
Microgastrinae
Tattnall County is a county located in the southeast portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 25,520. The county seat is Reidsville. Tattnall County was created on December 5, 1801, from part of Montgomery County, Georgia by the Georgia General Assembly. The county was named after Josiah Tattnall (1762–1803), a planter, soldier and politician. It is located within the Magnolia Midlands, a part of the Historic South region.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.8%) is water.
Most of the western portion of Tattnall County, defined by a line running from Cobbtown south to Collins, then east to a point halfway to Bellville, and then south and southwest to the middle of the county's southern border, is located in the Ohoopee River sub-basin of the Altamaha River basin. The northeastern portion of the county, from Cobbtown to east of Reidsville, is located in the Canoochee River sub-basin of the Ogeechee River basin. The southeastern and southwestern parts of Tattnall County are located in the Altamaha River sub-basin of the larger river basin by the same name.
Major highways
U.S. Route 25/U.S. Route 301
U.S. Route 280
State Route 23
State Route 30
State Route 56
State Route 57
State Route 73
State Route 121
State Route 129
State Route 144
State Route 147
State Route 152
State Route 169
State Route 178
State Route 292
Adjacent counties
Candler County - north
Evans County - northeast
Liberty County - east
Long County - southeast
Wayne County - south
Appling County - southwest
Toombs County - west
Emanuel County - northwest
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 22,305 people, 7,057 households, and 4,876 families living in the county. The population density was 46 people per square mile (18/km2). There were 8,578 housing units at an average density of 18 per square mile (7/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 60.51% White, 31.43% Black or African American, 0.14% Native American, 0.29% Asian, 0.08% Pacific Islander, 6.64% from other races, and 0.92% from two or more races. 8.44% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,057 households, out of which 33.00% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.10% were married couples living together, 13.40% had a female householder with no husband present, and 30.90% were non-families. 26.70% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.90% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.12.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 22.90% under the age of 18, 11.20% from 18 to 24, 34.60% from 25 to 44, 20.00% from 45 to 64, and 11.20% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 136.10 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 146.30 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $28,664, and the median income for a family was $35,951. Males had a median income of $28,994 versus $19,984 for females. The per capita income for the county was $13,439. About 18.60% of families and 23.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.90% of those under age 18 and 20.20% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 25,520 people, 8,210 households, and 5,568 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 9,966 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 62.7% white, 29.3% black or African American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 6.0% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 9.8% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 12.9% were Irish, 6.6% were German, and 5.2% were American.
Of the 8,210 households, 34.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 48.4% were married couples living together, 14.1% had a female householder with no husband present, 32.2% were non-families, and 27.7% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.07. The median age was 36.6 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $38,522 and the median income for a family was $45,601. Males had a median income of $35,240 versus $27,584 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,742. About 14.7% of families and 21.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 27.1% of those under age 18 and 11.9% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 22,842 people, 8,241 households, and 5,875 families residing in the county.
Government and infrastructure
The Georgia Department of Corrections operates the Rogers State Prison, and formerly the Georgia State Prison in unincorporated Tattnall County,, near Reidsville. As of 2020, according to the Georgia State Prison Fact Sheet, the facility occupies 9,800 acres of land inside Tattnall County and provides 162 staff housing units on the reservation. The prison cemetery has 971 burials which are inmates who died while serving time from 1937 to present.
Another large government parcel of land is the 10,000 acre Big Hammock Wildlife Management Preserves in the southwest section of the county. The entrance is 12 miles south of Glennville on Hwy 144 at the Ohoopee River Bridge. This is controlled by the GA Department of Natural Resources under the Wildlife Resources Division. It has a shooting range and 2 boat ramps along the river which are north of the merger with the Altamaha River which forms the southern border of the county. Permits are issued for seasonal hunting of deer, turkey, and small game. Updates are posted at www.GoHuntGeorgia.com
Another large government land parcel is on the eastern side of Tattnall County along the border with Evans, Liberty, and Long Counties. This 6000+ acres forms the western side of the Fort Stewart Army Reservation which is based in Hinesville, GA. Originally this was farmland purchased by the Army during and after World War II. It has since been turned into forest land with no development. The current Ft. Stewart Land Use Development plan excludes any of this property in their 25-year future planning approved by the Department of Defense. This land mass can be viewed on Google Maps with additional info from the website for the Ft. Stewart Joint Land Use Study. (www.mrrpc.com/Misc_pdfs/Fort_Stewart_JLUS_Final_Report.pdf)
Politics
Communities
Cities
Cobbtown
Collins
Glennville (the largest city)
Manassas
Reidsville (county seat)
Census-designated place
Mendes
Education
Tattnall County School District serves as the designated K-12 school district, except parts in Fort Stewart. Fort Stewart has the Department of Defense Education Activity (DoDEA) as its local school district, for the elementary level. Students at the secondary level on Fort Stewart attend public schools operated by county school districts.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tattnall County, Georgia
References
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1801 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1801
Ebrahim (Abe) H. Mamdani (1 June 1942 – 22 January 2010) was a mathematician, computer scientist, electrical engineer and artificial intelligence researcher. They worked at the Imperial College London.
Life
Abe Mamdani was born in Tanzania in June 1942. They were educated in India and in 1966 they went to the UK.
They obtained their PhD at Queen Mary College, University of London. After that they joined its Electrical Engineering Department
In 1975 they introduced a new method of fuzzy inference systems, which was called 'Mamdani-Type Fuzzy Inference'. Mamdani-Type Fuzzy Inference have elements like human instincts, working under the rules of linguistics, and has a fuzzy algorithm that provides an approximation to enter mathematical analysis.
In July 1995, they moved from Queen Mary College to Imperial College London.
Awards and honors
Abe Mamdani was an Emeritus Professor at Imperial College London. They received the "European Fuzzy Pioneer Award" from the European Society for Fuzzy Logic and Technology (EUSFLAT) in 1999, and the "Fuzzy Systems Pioneer Award" from Computational Intelligence Society of the IEEE in 2003. They were also a Fellow of IEEE, IFSA, and of the Royal Academy of Engineering and the IEE in the UK.
References
Control theorists
Fellow Members of the IEEE
British computer scientists
1942 births
2010 deaths
Artificial intelligence researchers
British logicians
20th-century British mathematicians
Systems scientists
Academics of Imperial College London
Academics of the University of London
Alumni of Queen Mary University of London
Fellows of the Royal Academy of Engineering
Fellows of the Institution of Electrical Engineers
Tanzanian Ismailis
British Ismailis
is a private junior college in Takasaki, Gunma, Japan. Originally established as a women's junior college in 1983, it became co-educational in 2004.
External links
Official website
Japanese junior colleges
Educational institutions established in 1983
Private universities and colleges in Japan
Universities and colleges in Gunma Prefecture
1983 establishments in Japan
Takasaki, Gunma
Vengeance: Night of Champions was the seventh Vengeance and inaugural Night of Champions professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). It was held for wrestlers from the promotion's Raw, SmackDown!, and ECW brand divisions. The event took place on June 24, 2007, at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. It was the final Vengeance event until 2011, as Night of Champions continued in its place. Per the theme of the event, every match on the card was contested for one of WWE's nine then-active championships; two were won and seven were retained.
The main event featured the Raw brand. It saw John Cena defend the WWE Championship in a Five-Pack Challenge against Mick Foley, Bobby Lashley, Randy Orton, and King Booker. Cena won the match and retained the title after pinning Foley. The featured match from the SmackDown! brand was a "Last Chance match" for the World Heavyweight Championship between Edge and Batista, which Edge won by countout.
Chris Benoit was originally booked to face CM Punk for the vacant ECW World Championship. However, they did not show up, and was substituted by Johnny Nitro —who won by pinfall after performing a corkscrew neckbreaker from the middle rope. Following the event, however, it was found that Benoit had murdered their wife and son, and then committed suicide.
Production
Background
Vengeance was an annual pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) since 2001. From that inaugural event until 2006, the event was promoted solely as Vengeance, but in 2007, WWE retitled the event as "Vengeance: Night of Champions". It was the seventh event under the Vengeance chronology. It took place on June 24, 2007, at the Toyota Center in Houston, Texas. While the previous three Vengeance events were held exclusively for the Raw brand, the 2007 event featured wrestlers from Raw, SmackDown!, and ECW, as following WrestleMania 23 in April, brand-exclusive PPVs were discontinued.
With the event's subtitle of "Night of Champions", the theme of the event was that every championship promoted by WWE at the time was contested. These included the four championships on Raw—the WWE Championship, the Intercontinental Championship, the World Tag Team Championship, and the WWE Women's Championship—the four championships on SmackDown!—the World Heavyweight Championship, the United States Championship, the WWE Tag Team Championship, and the WWE Cruiserweight Championship—and ECW's sole championship—the ECW World Championship.
Storylines
The main feud on the Raw brand heading into the event was between WWE Champion John Cena, Bobby Lashley, King Booker, Mick Foley, and Randy Orton. The feud began when Lashley was drafted to Raw and stripped of the ECW World Championship. After being stripped of the title, Lashley began to pursue the WWE Championship. On the June 18 episode of Raw, Foley, Orton, Booker, and Lashley all cut promos on why they deserve to be the number-one contender to the WWE Championship. Cena also cut a promo on who they believed deserved to be the number one contender to the championship. Following this, Interim General Manager Jonathan Coachman announced that all five men would compete for the title in a match billed as the "WWE Championship Challenge" at Vengeance.
The main feud heading into Vengeance on the SmackDown! brand was between World Heavyweight Champion Edge and Batista. Their match stemmed from their Steel cage match at One-Night Stand, three weeks before Vengeance, where Edge won by escaping the cage. On the June 8 episode of SmackDown!, WWE Chairman Vince McMahon announced that Edge would defend the World Heavyweight Championship against Batista in a "Last Chance" match at Vengeance. On the June 22 episode of SmackDown!, Batista and Ric Flair defeated Edge and Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP). Midway through the match, Flair and MVP brawled outside the ring, leaving Edge on their own against Batista. Batista gained the pinfall after executing a Batista Bomb on Edge.
The feud between The Hardys (Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy) and Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch began at Backlash. At Backlash, The Hardys defeated Cade and Murdoch to retain the World Tag Team Championship. At the following event, Judgment Day, Matt and Jeff defeated Cade and Murdoch once again to retain the title.
Event
Preliminary matches
Before the event aired live on pay-per-view, Super Crazy defeated Carlito in a dark match.
The event began with a video package of the event and its theme, "Night of Champions," followed by opening pyrotechnics. The first match was between Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch and The Hardys (Matt Hardy and Jeff Hardy) for the World Tag Team Championship. Cade and Matt started the match, with Matt in control. The two teams tagged in and out until Cade and Murdoch attempted to walk out of the match, but the Hardys went after them, and brought them back into the ring. Jeff attempted a Swanton Bomb onto Cade, but Murdoch interfered on Cade's behalf. Matt tried to interfere on Jeff's behalf, but was stopped by the referee. Murdoch used this as an advantage, and pushed Jeff off the turnbuckle, leading to Cade performing a powerbomb. Cade gained the pinfall on Jeff to win the match and retain the titles.
The second match was between Chavo Guerrero Jr. and Jimmy Wang Yang for the WWE Cruiserweight Championship. The match began with Yang and Guerrero locking up, followed by Yang in control through most of the match. After Yang missed a moonsault, Guerrero executed a Gory Bomb. Shortly after, Guerrero performed a Frog Splash on Yang. Afterwards, Guerrero pinned Yang to win the match and retain the Cruiserweight Championship.
The third match was between CM Punk and Johnny Nitro, who subbed in for the absent Chris Benoit (unknown of killing their family and themselves at the time), for the ECW World Championship. The match started off with Punk attempting a crossbody on Nitro. Nitro countered, however, and executed an enzuigiri. Nitro delivered a corkscrew neckbreaker and pinned Punk to win the match to become the new ECW World Champion.
The fourth match was between Santino Marella and Umaga for the WWE Intercontinental Championship. The match began with Umaga in control, squashing Marella. Two minutes into the match, Umaga was punching Marella uncontrollably. The referee disqualified Umaga when they refused to stop after giving a five count, and Marella retained the title. Umaga, following the disqualification, delivered a splash and a Samoan Spike to Santino.
The fifth match was between Montel Vontavious Porter (MVP) and Ric Flair for the WWE United States Championship. The match started with Flair executing a series of backhand chops to MVP. Flair kept the advantage and applied the figure four leglock. MVP countered, by executing a low blow. MVP then performed the Playmaker and pinned Flair to retain the United States Championship.
The sixth match was an open challenge by Deuce 'n Domino to any tag team for the WWE Tag Team Championship, which was accepted by Jimmy Snuka, who just happens to be Deuce's real-life father and Sgt. Slaughter. Snuka and Slaughter controlled most of the match; however, Deuce 'n Domino got the win after Deuce pinned Snuka. After the match, Deuce 'n Domino attacked Snuka and Slaughter until Tony Garea and Rick Martel came into the ring to assist Snuka and Slaughter.
Main event matches
The seventh match was between Edge and Batista for the World Heavyweight Championship. This was a "Last Chance match", meaning if Batista lost, they could not get another shot at the World Heavyweight Championship as long as Edge was champion. Batista originally won the match by disqualification after Edge executed a low blow; however, SmackDown! General Manager Theodore Long restarted the match with the stipulation that Edge could lose the title by disqualification. Edge won the match after Batista was counted out, thus retaining the title, and with the match stipulation, Batista would be unable to challenge for the World Heavyweight Championship as long as Edge was the champion. After the match, in complete frustration, Batista attacked Edge and performed a Batista Bomb on them outside of the ring onto the ground before leaving them with the title.
The eighth match was Melina against Candice Michelle for the WWE Women's Championship. After a back and forth match, Michelle executed a spinning heel kick on Melina to win the Women's Championship.
The main event, billed as the "WWE Championship Challenge," saw John Cena defending the WWE Championship against King Booker, Bobby Lashley, Mick Foley and Randy Orton. Throughout the match, all five men gained an advantage over one-another at one or more spots. One spot in the match saw Lashley dive over the top rope onto the other four competitors. Towards the end of the match, Cena executed an FU on Lashley through an announcement table. Cena won the match and retained the title after pinning Foley following an FU.
Aftermath
The scheduled June 25 episode of Raw was going to be a three-hour memorial to "Mr. McMahon". However, due to the real-life death of Chris Benoit, the show opened with McMahon standing in an empty arena, acknowledging that their reported death was only of their character as part of a storyline. This was followed by a tribute to Benoit that filled the three-hour timeslot. Once the details of Benoit's actions became apparent, WWE made the decision to remove nearly all mentions of Benoit from their website, from future broadcasts and all publications.
Chavo Guerrero Jr. went on to defend the WWE Cruiserweight Championship in a Cruiserweight Open at The Great American Bash against Jimmy Wang Yang, Jamie Noble, Funaki, and Shannon Moore. Hornswoggle also entered the match at the bell, but immediately escaped the ring and hid under it. With all of the cruiserweights down, with the exception of Noble, Hornswoggle came out from under the ring and delivered a Tadpole Splash to Noble. They pinned them afterwards to win the match and the Cruiserweight Championship. Candice Michelle and Melina continued to feud over the WWE Women's Championship. The two had a rematch at The Great American Bash for the title. Michelle pinned Melina after delivering a Candy Wrapper to retain the title.
On the July 2 episode of Raw, Umaga defeated Santino Marella in a rematch to capture the WWE Intercontinental Championship. Two weeks later, Jeff Hardy defeated William Regal, Shelton Benjamin, and Santino Marella in a Fatal Four-Way Elimination match to become the number one contender to the Intercontinental Championship. At The Great American Bash, Umaga defeated Hardy to retain the title after the Samoan Spike. That same night, Bobby Lashley won a "Beat the Clock" tournament to become the number-one contender to the WWE Championship. At The Great American Bash, Lashley faced John Cena for the WWE Championship in the main event. Cena retained the title after an FU from the top rope.
On the June 26 episode of ECW on Sci Fi, CM Punk defeated Elijah Burke in a two out of three falls match to become the number one contender to the ECW Championship. At The Great American Bash, Punk faced John Morrison (formerly known as Johnny Nitro) for the ECW Championship. Morrison retained the title after hitting Punk with both of their knees.
On the July 6 episode of SmackDown!, Kane was named the number one contender to the World Heavyweight Championship after they appeared as the special guest on Edge's Cutting Edge segment. Edge held a celebration for themselves on the July 13 episode of SmackDown!, and was attacked by Kane, who in the process legitimately injured Edge. On the July 20 episode of SmackDown!, Edge was forced to vacate the World Heavyweight Championship as a result of their injury. The Great Khali went on to win a 20-man battle royal to become the new World Heavyweight Champion. At The Great American Bash, Khali defended the title successfully against Kane and Batista in a Triple Threat match.
Vengeance: Night of Champions would be the final Vengeance until the event was reinstated in 2011, as WWE decided to drop Vengeance in 2008 in favor of continuing Night of Champions as its own PPV chronology. This 2007 event would also be the only Vengeance to feature the ECW brand, as it was disbanded in 2010, and it was the final Vengeance to occur during the first brand extension, which ended in August 2011, two months before the 2011 event; in April 2011, WWE ceased using its full name with the "WWE" abbreviation becoming an orphaned initialism. Additionally, this would be the only Night of Champions event, as well as the final Vengeance event, to feature the original Cruiserweight Championship, as the title was retired in September 2007, and it was the only Vengeance event to feature the ECW World Championship, and the final Vengeance event to feature the World Tag Team Championship and WWE Women's Championship, as the three titles were retired in February, August, and September 2010, respectively. Night of Champions continued as an annual PPV until its 2015 event, which was the final Night of Champions, as it was replaced by the similarly themed Clash of Champions in 2016.
This was also the only Vengeance: Night of Champions ever to be in 4:3 format until January 2008 when it went to high definition.
Results
Tournament brackets
(*) – Johnny Nitro was an event-day replacement added by WWE after Chris Benoit was a no-show, with the official statement a "family emergency". It was later discovered Benoit's double murder/suicide had taken place that weekend.
References
External links
Vengeance: Night of Champions Official website
2007 in Texas
Events in Houston
2007
2007
Professional wrestling in Houston
2007 WWE pay-per-view events
June 2007 events in the United States
Lawen is an unincorporated community in Harney County, Oregon, United States. It has a post office with a ZIP code 97720. Lawen lies along Oregon Route 78 just south of its interchanges with Oregon Route 205, U.S. Route 20, and U.S. Route 395 in Burns, the county seat. Lawen is just north of the East Fork Silvies River and Malheur Lake.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Lawen has a semi-arid climate, abbreviated "BSk" on climate maps.
Education
Crane Union High School opened in 1918 in Lawen and moved to Crane in 1920.
Harney County is not in a community college district but has a "contract out of district" (COD) with Treasure Valley Community College. TVCC operates the Burns Outreach Center in Burns.
References
Unincorporated communities in Harney County, Oregon
Unincorporated communities in Oregon
In geomechanics, a tilt test is a simple test to estimate the shear strength parameters of a discontinuity. Two pieces of rock containing a discontinuity are held in hand or mounted in test equipment with the discontinuity horizontal. The sample is slowly tilted until the top block moves. The angle with the horizontal at onset of movement is called the tilt-angle.
The size of the specimen is limited to 10–20 cm for hand-held tests, while machine-operated tilt test equipment may handle up to meter-sized samples. In the field, the angle can be determined most easily with an inclinometer as present in most geological or structural compasses.
Tilt-angle
The tilt-angle equals the material friction of the discontinuity wall plus the roughness i-angle (tilt-angle = φwall material + i) if no real cohesion is present (i.e. no cementing or gluing material between the two blocks), no infill material is present, the asperities do not break, and the walls of the discontinuity are completely fitting at the start of the test, while if the walls of the discontinuity are completely non-fitting, the tilt-angle equals the friction of the material of the discontinuity walls (tilt-angle = φwall material). If cementation or gluing material is present or asperities break, the tilt-angle represents a combination of the (apparent or real) cohesion and the friction along the discontinuity. If infill material is present, the tilt-angle is governed partially or completely by the infill, depending on the thickness of the infill and height of asperities.
See also
Direct shear test
Shear strength
Triaxial shear test
References
Further reading
Tests in geotechnical laboratories
Rocks
Tunnel construction
The Digital Obstacle File (DOF) describes all known obstacles of interest to aviation users in the United States, with limited coverage of the Pacific Ocean, the Caribbean, Canada and Mexico. The obstacles are assigned unique numerical identifiers and accuracy codes.
These downloadable products are available at least 21 days prior to their effective date. Data updates (also known as "chart updates") are coordinated over 56-day cycles. There are six to seven of these updates per year. Editions will be listed by year and 56-day cycle number; for example, Edition 200801 was the first 56-day cycle of 2008 (i.e. February 14, 2008).
References
Aviation in the United States
Air traffic control
Margherita Gonzaga may refer to:
Margherita Gonzaga, Marquise of Ferrara (1418–1439), first wife of Leonello d'Este, Marquis of Ferrara
Margaret of Bavaria, Marchioness of Mantua (1442–1479), the wife of Federico I Gonzaga, Marquess of Mantua
Margherita Gonzaga (1496–1496), daughter of Isabella d'Este and Francesco Gonzaga
Margherita Gonzaga, Duchess of Ferrara (1564–1618), also known as Margherita Gonzaga d'Este
Margherita Gonzaga, Duchess of Lorraine (1591–1632), the eldest daughter of Vincenzo I Gonzaga and Eleonora de' Medici
Margherita Malatesta (1370–1399), wife of Francesco I Gonzaga
Margherita Paleologa (1510–1566), wife of Federico II Gonzaga
Margaret of Savoy, Vicereine of Portugal (1589–1655), wife of Francesco IV Gonzaga
Margherita Farnese (1567–1643), wife of Vincenzo Gonzaga, Duke of Mantua
is the fourth addition to the Yu-Gi-Oh! anime meta-series, as well as the 1st main spin-off series. The plot centers around Jaden Yuki and their friends, and tells of their adventures at Duel Academy, a school that teaches students how to play the card game Duel Monsters. Season two, the Society of Light Saga, covers their second year at the Academy. This season was broadcast by 4Kids Entertainment as Yu-Gi-Oh! GX.
Summary
The season begins with the dinosaur-obsessed drill sergeant Tyranno Hassleberry joining the Academy. They join the Ra Yellow dorm and quickly becomes friends with Jaden. Also arriving with the new students is pro duelist Aster Phoenix. Aster is later revealed to be part of an organization known as the Society of Light, who are out to take over the world. The true evil behind the Society begins to show itself, brainwashing the Academy's students, including several of Jaden's friends. At the same time, the "Genex Tournament" begins in the school, with students and pros alike competing. During the tournament, Sartorius, the leader of the Society of Light, gains control of a powerful laser satellite, with the power to brainwash the entire world. Jaden and the others work together with Aster Phoenix to save the world and free Sartorius from the evil that controls him.
Episode list
References
General
Specific
2005 Japanese television seasons
2006 Japanese television seasons
GX (season 2)
My Planet () is a state-owned Russian television channel. It belongs to the All-Russia State Television and Radio Company (VGTRK), Russia's main state television group.
My Planet TV launched in 2009 as Russia's first TV channel dedicated to travel, science and history.
A national channel, My Planet TV also has a growing audience in Ukraine, Kazakhstan, the Baltic States, Belarus and across the CIS. Moya Planeta TV programs are also screened by Russia-2 and Russia-24, two of Russia's main channels. My Planet TV is available for free by satellite across Europe.
In 2011, My Planet announced the Planet Travel Awards with the aim of celebrating the most popular destinations, resorts and services in the eyes of Russian tourists. Voted for exclusively by the Russian public and by Russian travel industry professionals, the Planet Travel Awards provide a snapshot of the growth of this dynamic market. Following a huge nationwide awareness campaign, thanks to the coverage of the event's TV partners and a public online vote, the awards will culminate with a gala dinner for the winners will be announced. With guests from Russia and around the world, the dinner took place on 22 September 2011.
The Awards have been designed to ensure that any hotel, resort, destination, country or travel service provider that wishes to enter the competition will be represented in the Planet Travel Awards.
References
External links
Home - My Planet Travel Awards
Channel's official Facebook page
Russian-language television stations in Russia
Television channels and stations established in 2009
Mass media in Moscow
M7 Group (legally Canal+ Luxembourg S.à.r.l.) is a Luxembourg-based television provider which operates several direct broadcast satellite pay TV platforms: HD Austria in Austria, Télésat in Belgium and Luxembourg, TV Vlaanderen in the Flanders region in Belgium, Skylink in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, Canal Digitaal in the Netherlands, Focus Sat in Romania, and Direct One in Hungary. It also operates a terrestrial pay television platform in Flanders, Belgium and offers B2B multimedia services.
History
The private equity firm Astorg acquired a majority of the company in July 2014 for €350 million via its Fund V from Providence and Airbridge Investments. Providence is a Private Equity investment firm and Airbridge Investments is the holding company of executives Hans Wolfert and Cees Bohnenn. In December 2017 the company became fully owned by Astorg. The exit of minority shareholders took place at the time of a €570 million debt refinancing which allowed to pay a dividend of €175 million to the former shareholders.
On 30 July 2014, its subsidiary M7 Deutschland bought the German B2B satellite platform Kabelkiosk from Eutelsat.
In 2016 M7 Group closed the Hungarian satellite platform Hello HD.
In December 2018 the company announced the purchase of Liberty Global's satellite operations located in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and Romania for €180 million. This sale was prcoesed after necessary permissions, in spring 2019. Freesat platform acquired in the Czech Republic and Slovakia has been integrated into Skylink.
On May 28, 2019, it announced that Vivendi's Canal+ Group will take over M7 Group for 1.1 billion euros. The sale was effectuated on 12 September 2019 after the European Commission gave its permission.
M7 Group announced that Diveo, the German satellite platform which was launched in February 2018, will be closed on 30 November 2019. In July 2020, M7 Group S.A. merged with UPC DTH S.à.r.l. and changed its official name into Canal+ Luxembourg S.à.r.l. The M7 brand name remains in use with the "A Canal+ Group company" tagline.
References
External links
Direct broadcast satellite services
Groupe Canal+
Television in Austria
Television in Belgium
Television in the Czech Republic
Television in Hungary
Television in the Netherlands
Television in Romania
Television in Slovakia
Television in Germany
2019 mergers and acquisitions
Centre for High North Logistics (CHNL, ) is a Norwegian foundation which works to investigate ways to develop logistics solutions in the Arctic region.
Among the aims of the centre is that of collecting information to facilitate an opening up of the Northern Sea Route from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific Ocean. The administration of the center is located in Kirkenes on the north-eastern Barents Sea coast of Norway.
Organization
The Centre for High North Logistics was founded on 27 May 2009, subsuming its precursor organization which was established in 2008 and administered by Bodø University College.
The leadership of the foundation includes Felix Tschudi (Tschudi Shipping Company) as chairperson of the board and Tom Tjomsland (Norwegian Shipowners' Association), Frode Mellemvik (Bodø University College) and Jon Rysst (Det Norske Veritas) as board members. Tschudi's board membership is guaranteed by the foundation's establishing charter. The foreign ministry has a permanent seat on the board as observer. These four organizations also constitute the founders of the Centre for High North Logistics.
The foundation is organized as a 5-year project scheduled to end by 2013. In January 2011 the status of the foundation was changed from an ordinary foundation to a business foundation. In the application Felix Tschudi, as chairperson of the board, wrote to Stiftelsestilsynet, the Norwegian inspection agency for foundations, that "The foundation will conduct business in the form of advisory activities […]. The advisory enterprise may consist of payable platform of knowhow, and in the form of being an information and agency bureau". Notwithstanding, three months later the foreign ministry made the payment of the last (approx. as of April 2012) to the foundation.
Funding
The funding for the foundation's work was decided before its germinal startup in 2008 to require about (approx. as of April 2012). 6 million has been received as a grant from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and following revelations in the Norwegian media in the spring of 2012 has caused intense scrutiny of the case proceedings and widespread and severe criticism of foreign minister Jonas Gahr Støre on grounds of conflict of interest. The issue at hand hinges on the close personal relationship between Støre and Felix Tschudi and Støre not acknowledging, or even calling for an assessment of, a possible impartiality issue existing. Another 6 million was provided by Tschudi Shipping Company.
In April 2012 the foundation announced that it would be running out of money in December 2013. This was said during a visit to the center from the Ministry of Trade and Industry, however the ministry representative emphasized that the center has been supported by the foreign ministry, and that that ministry would support the center until 2013.
Founding Partner program
In October 2009 the board decided to employ a strategy of attracting funds by awarding companies that would contribute a substantial amount (preferably (approx. as of April 2012)) annually over a five-year period the status of "Founding Partner". This would also entitle these companies to several privileges, such as "access to an international political network at a high level". Other rights that would be afforded to Founding Partners would be:
Board membership
Opportunity to influence strategy and fiscal priorities
Opportunity to define concrete knowhow and research projects
Early access to information within the foundation's network
Companies that were intended as Founding Partners included Wilh. Wilhelmsen and Leif Höegh & Co.
Although this is documented in the protocol from this board meeting, which was also sent to the foreign ministry, Felix Tschudi has denied that this strategy was ever implemented. They explained that this meeting took place six months following the foundation's establishment and that the board at that time was working to attract more financial contributors to what was in fact a new type of public–private partnership. Tschudi maintained that the protocol from one meeting has been taken out of context, and that this was merely a sketch for how the center could become a permanent organization after the first five years as a project organization. They said that in 2009/2010 there were still few companies with sufficient interests in the North to join in with large sums and the board therefore decided to put the "Founding Partners" program on ice and instead focus on activities and projects that could visualize the possibilities and the needs for logistics in the North. The disclosure about the Founding Partners program was given in an article in the Norwegian newspaper Dagbladet on April 14, 2012. In it the newspaper also refers to a PowerPoint presentation from February 2010 where both Tschudi Shipping Company and Det Norske Veritas were named as "Founding Partners".
References
External links
Official web – Centre for High North Logistics
Foundations based in Norway
Scientific research foundations
Political and economic research foundations
2009 establishments in Norway
Organizations established in 2009
Organisations based in Finnmark
Public–private partnership projects in Norway
Pio Tuwai is a Fiji rugby union player.  They are currently playing for the Fiji sevens team. Tuwai is well known for their offloading abilities, this makes them one of the most exciting players to watch in the World Rugby Sevens Series.
Tuwai played for the Sri Lankan Army in 2014. They returned to the Fiji sevens team in 2015 and played at the Hong Kong Sevens.
References
External links
Zimbio Bio
Fiji international rugby sevens players
Living people
Fijian rugby union players
1983 births
People from Yasawa
Murat Khabachirov (born 14 May 1988) is a Russian judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Antalya in the -81 kg category.
References
External links
1988 births
Living people
Russian male judoka
20th-century Russian people
21st-century Russian people
Kustov (, from куст meaning bush) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Kustova. It may refer to
Darya Kustova (born 1986), Belarusian tennis player
Pavel Kustov (born 1965), Russian ski jumper
Russian-language surnames
The 2004 Louisiana Republican presidential primary was held on March 9 in the U.S. state of Louisiana as one of the Republican Party's statewide nomination contests ahead of the 2004 presidential election.
Results
See also
2004 Louisiana Democratic presidential primary
2004 Republican Party presidential primaries
2004 United States presidential election in Louisiana
References
Louisiana
Republican primary
2004
Kamennoostrovsky Bridge spans the Little Nevka River and connects Aptekarsky Island with Kamenny Island in Saint Petersburg, Russia. Originally constructed as a floating pontoon bridge in 1760. Between 1811 and 1813, Kamennoostrovsky Bridge became the first seven span timber arch bridge in Russia. In 1859, the bridge was improved with the addition of strut-supported spans. In 1952, the bridge was rebuilt to its current design with five spans.
Original construction
The bridge was originally designed by architect in 1760 to be a pontoon bridge consisting of 11 pontoon sections. In 1765, the pontoons were replaced with a floating bridge and was connected to the river abutments on piles.
19th century improvements
Between 1811 and 1813, Project Engineer Agustín de Betancourt replaced the floating bridge with a seven span wooden arch bridge on timber foundations with stone abutments. The total length of the bridge in this form was .
In 1859, Project Engineer conducted a complete reconstruction of the bridge. The arch design was replaced with a complex strut-frame system.
In 1899, during repair work, the bridge was completely rebuilt again. This reconstruction converted the bridge from a seven span to an eleven span simple timber bridge.
20th century improvements
In 1938, the bridge was renovated. Metal I-beams replaced the wooden girders, granite facing replaced old stone abutments, and the intermediate supports were renovated.
In 1953, under Project Engineers and B. B. Levin work began to improve the bridge again. Project architects P. A. Areshev and V. S. Vasilyev designed a new five span metal bridge including a central draw span to accommodate increased traffic and load weights. The draw span was a twin-leaf rolling bascule system with fixed counterweights and was powered by an electromechanical drive. Currently, the span is no longer functional.
See also
List of bridges in Saint Petersburg
References
Bridges in Saint Petersburg
Cultural heritage monuments of regional significance in Saint Petersburg
Erich Wilhelm Heinrich Kallius (3 August 1867, in Berlin – 1 January 1935, in Heidelberg) was a German anatomist.
They received their education at the Universities of Berlin and Göttingen, earning their medical doctorate in 1892. As a student, they had as instructors, Heinrich Wilhelm Gottfried von Waldeyer-Hartz in Berlin and Friedrich Sigmund Merkel at Göttingen. In 1894 they were habilitated for anatomy in Göttingen, where during the following year they became an associate professor. From 1907 to 1917, they were a professor of anatomy at the University of Greifswald, followed by a professorship at the University of Breslau (1917-1921). In 1921 they were appointed director of the institute of anatomy at the University of Heidelberg.
Their research was mainly in the fields of comparative anatomy and evolutionary development. Their primary areas of work included studies on the development of the tongue and of the thyroid gland.  They are credited with introducing a method of "fixing" Golgi stains so that contrast-stains could be employed with them and the specimens protected by cover-slips.
Selected works
Beiträge zur Entwicklung der Zunge, (ca. 1890 to 1906) - Contributions to the development of the tongue.
Ein einfaches Verfahren, um Golgische Präparate für die Dauer zu fixieren, 1892 - A simple method to fix Golgi preparations for the sake of durability.
Beiträge zur Entwickelungsgeschichte des Kehlkopfes, 1897 - Contributions to the developmental history of the larynx.
Sinnesorgane. Abt. 1. Geruchsorgan (organon olfactus) und Geschmacksorgan, 1905 - Sensory organs: organs of smell and taste. Part of series: Handbuch der Anatomie des Menschen, 5. Bd., 1. Abt., 2. T.
Anatomie und bildende Kunst Rede, 1924 - Anatomy and fine arts: speech.
References
1867 births
1933 deaths
German anatomists
Physicians from Berlin
Heidelberg University faculty
University of Greifswald faculty
University of Göttingen faculty
University of Breslau faculty
The Boston Opera Company (BOC) was an American opera company located in Boston, Massachusetts, that was active from 1909 to 1915.
History
The company was founded in 1908 by Bostonian millionaire Eben Dyer Jordan, Jr. and impresario Henry Russell. Jordan, an opera enthusiast and amateur singer, was the heir to a department store fortune and provided the company's financial backing for its first three seasons. They also provided the funds necessary to complete the Boston Opera House, as the theatre's construction had been halted for some years due to lack of finances.
Russell had worked as a talent manager and opera director in Europe and from 1906 until 1909 their touring opera company, the San Carlo Opera Company (SCOC), had been based in Boston when not on the road. The SCOC was basically the artistic seed for the new Boston Opera Company as many artists working for this touring company, such as Alice Nielsen, Lillian Nordica, Florencio Constantino, and Louise Homer, became a part of the Boston Opera Company. The company's first performance was given for the opening of the Boston Opera House on November 8, 1909. The company presented Amilcare Ponchielli's "La Gioconda" with Nordica in the title role and Homer as La Cieca.
During its six seasons the BOC presented a wide array of works, including two contemporary operas by Boston composer Frederick Converse: The Pipe of Desire and The Sacrifice. Although the company was admired for its artistic excellence (largely due to the fine conducting by Felix Weingartner), the organization was plagued with financial worries after the initial backing by Jordan ended. These monetary problems eventually forced the company to declare bankruptcy on May 11, 1915.
Notable singers
Elizabeth Amsden
Georges Baklanoff
Marguerite Bériza
Eugenia Bronskaya
Edmond Clément
Florencio Constantino
Diamond Donner
Edoardo Ferrari-Fontana
Mary Garden
Maria Gay
Louise Homer
Georgette Leblanc
Lydia Lipkowska
Pavel Ludikar
Vanni Marcoux
Edith Mason
Nellie Melba
Carmen Melis
Tamaki Miura
Jane Morgan
Lucien Muratore
Marguerite Namara
Alice Nielsen
Lillian Nordica
Evelyn Parnell
Antonio Pini-Corsi
Giovanni Polese
Evelyn Scotney
Myrna Sharlow
Marguerite Sylva
Luisa Tetrazzini
Maggie Teyte
Giovanni Zenatello
References
External links
Opera companies in Boston
Musical groups established in 1908
Musical groups disestablished in 1915
20th century in Boston
1908 establishments in Massachusetts
1915 disestablishments in Massachusetts
The Czech Republic men's national under-18 basketball team is a national basketball team of the Czech Republic, administered by the Czech Basketball Federation. It represents the country in international men's under-18 basketball competitions.
FIBA U18 European Championship participations
See also
Czech Republic men's national basketball team
Czech Republic men's national under-17 basketball team
Czech Republic women's national under-19 basketball team
References
External links
Official website
Archived records of the Czech Republic team participations
Basketball in the Czech Republic
Basketball
Men's national under-18 basketball teams
Childs is a hamlet in the town of Gaines in Orleans County, New York, United States. It is named after Judge Henry Childs and was previously known as "Proctor's Corners" and "Fair Haven." Childs is the location of the Cobblestone Historic District that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places and designated a National Historic Landmark in 1993.
References
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Orleans County, New York
The MT-55A () is an armoured vehicle-launched bridge (AVLB) tank, manufactured by ZTS Martin in Slovakia. The AVLB is based on a T-55A medium tank chassis, with the turret detached and replaced by a special bridge launching equipment.
The MT-55A was produced for the armies of the Warsaw Pact (including the Soviet Army), as well as for export clients.
Design and development
The MT-55, Base T-55, was designed and produced by ZTS Martin from 1962 (the former Czechoslovakia was one of the countries that build the T-54/55 series under licence). The development phase ended in 1967 after which five pre-series vehicles were built. The MT-55A, Base T-55A, series production started in 1969.
The transformed T-55A chassis differs by the arrangement of the compartments in the hull. The bridge tank is proposed for an easy and swift crossing of antitank barriers (trenches) and other obstacles with the purpose of facilitating the passage of mechanised and tank units.
The bridge initiating equipment is controlled by a system of hydraulic cylinders; the allocation of hydraulic oil can be controlled both manually by mechanical levers and automatically. The pressure of the liquid is provided by high-pressure piston pumps motorized by the tank engine. All mechanisms of the MT-55A used for laying and recovering the bridge can be controlled by the crew from inside the tank with the hatch covers closed.
To begin the launching process, the vehicle stops short of the gap; then, the bridge swings ahead and down while its two sections open like scissors. The MT-55A span is 18 meters long and can support loads of up to 50 tons. Later, the MT-55A was modified with a gap measuring mechanism and infrared equipment for bridge laying in darkness.
Total production of the MT-55A between 1969 and 1983 amounted to 1,762 vehicles, including 183 export versions MT-55KS (from 1971) and 301 hulls for East Germany's BLG-60 programme.
Variants
MT-55 - Pre-series model, equipped with the bridge of the MT-34 bridge-layer. In Western sources, this model is often erroneously referred to as the MT-55L with "long" bridge.
MT-55A - Standard model, as described.
MT-55KS (Kapitalstické Státy) - Export model for "capitalist" non-Warsaw Pact countries. Based on the T-55A without radiation protection layer both otherwise similar.
PM-55 (Přepravník Mostu) - Wheeled version, based on a Tatra 813 "Kolos" 8x8 truck.
Operators
- MT-55A
- MT-55KS
- MT-55A
- MT-55A
- MT-55A
- MT-55KS, known as Bridge Laying Tank MT-55
- MT-55KS
: The Israeli Defence Forces (IDF) were able to capture a small number of MT-55KSs from their Arab counterparts and used them with some small modifications. Most of them were captured on the Southern front (Gaza Strip and Sinai Peninsula) during the Six day war.
:MT-55A
- MT-55A
- MT-55A, known as MTU-55
- MT-55A
- MT-55A
- In 2000, the Sri Lanka Army bought eight MT-55As from the Czech Republic along with 40 T-55AM2 tanks, 16 VT-55 recovery vehicles, three mobile workshop vehicles, 12 Tatra T815 tank transporters and several RM-70 122 mm multiple rocket launchers.
- MT-55KS
- MT-55A
See also
Germany: Panzerschnellbrücke 2, based on the Leopard 2 MBT.
Russia: MTU-72 AVLB, based on the T-72 MBT.
M60A1 AVLB, based on the M60 MBT
BLG-60, based on T-55
References
External links
Panzermodelkit: Bridging tank MT-55A
Valka.cz: MT-55A
Dishmodels.ru: Walkaround of Russian MTU-55 in Tol'yatti
Armoured vehicle-launched bridges
Armoured fighting vehicles of Czechoslovakia
Czechoslovakia–Soviet Union relations
Cold War armoured fighting vehicles of the Soviet Union
Armoured fighting vehicles of Russia
Military vehicles introduced in the 1960s
Trnava is a small town in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the town has a population of 2,913 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
LZA or variant may refer to:
".LZA", a variant of the LHA (file format)
LZA, a ham radio prefix assigned to Bulgaria, see Amateur radio call signs
Lanza Air (ICAO airline code: LZA; callsign: AEROLANZA) a Spanish airline, see List of airline codes (L)
Luiza Airport (IATA airport code: LZA; ICAO airport code: FZUG), Luiza, Kasai-Occidental Province, Democratic Republic of the Congo
Lža River, a river in Latvia and Pskov Oblast, Russia
Lake Zoar Authority, an organization for improving safety and water quality on Lake Zoar
See also
Iaz (disambiguation)
AZ1 (disambiguation)
Laz (disambiguation)
ALZ (disambiguation)
AZL (disambiguation)
Zal (disambiguation)
ZLA, Los Angeles Air Route Traffic Control Center
Raimund Hörmann (born 27 May 1957 in Ulm, Baden-Württemberg) is a retired German rower who won a gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
References
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic rowers of West Germany
Olympic gold medalists for West Germany
1957 births
Living people
Olympic medalists in rowing
West German male rowers
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for West Germany
Sportspeople from Ulm
20th-century German people
Vauthier is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Alexandre Vauthier (born 1971), French fashion designer
Antoine-Charles Vauthier (1790–1879), French botanist
Arsène Marie Paul Vauthier (1885–1979), major general in the French Army
Jean Vauthier (1910–1992), French playwright
Louis Constant Vauthier (1887-1963), Swiss internationalist physician
Louis-Léger Vauthier (1815–1901), French engineer and politician
Marcel Vauthier (1910–1988), French politician
Paul Moreau-Vauthier (1871–1936), French sculptor
Arthur Francis Crowley (May 21, 1909 – April 13, 1980) was an American middle-distance and long-distance runner. They finished 8th in the 1500 meters at the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Career
Crowley was Manhattan College's first Olympian and NCAA champion graduating in 1934. Won NCAA two-mile championship in 1934. And, selected for the Manhattan College Athletic Hall of Fame in 1980.
Crowley placed third in the 1500 meters at the 1931 national championships. The following year the national championships doubled as the Olympic Trials and this time Crowley was second, behind Norwood Hallowell but ahead of NCAA champion Glenn Cunningham and American record holder Gene Venzke. They thus qualified for the Olympics in Los Angeles, where they placed 8th.
Crowley continued their career after the Olympics and became US champion at 5000 meters in 1934, winning in the meeting record time of 15:18.6.
There is an annual Crowley Brothers 10k Road Race (names for the three brothers) in Rutland VT exists to promote cardiovascular fitness.
References
1909 births
1980 deaths
People from Proctor, Vermont
Track and field athletes from Vermont
American male middle-distance runners
American male long-distance runners
Olympic track and field athletes of the United States
Athletes (track and field) at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Manhattan College alumni
Justice Simpson may refer to:
Gordon Simpson (judge), associate justice of the Texas Supreme Court
Robert Tennent Simpson Jr., associate justice of the Alabama Supreme Court
David F. Simpson, associate justice of the Minnesota Supreme Court
George B. Simpson, associate justice of the Washington Supreme Court
Jesse L. Simpson, chief justice of the Illinois Supreme Court
R. T. Simpson, associate justice of the Alabama Supreme Court
William Dunlap Simpson, chief justice of the South Carolina Supreme Court
The qualification of the 2017 FIBA 3x3 Europe Cup took place in June 2017. Twenty-four teams from 16 countries took part in these tournaments, with 12 teams of each gender qualifying for the final championship.
Participating teams
Men
Women
Men's qualification
France Qualifier
Pool play
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
Knockout stage
Final standings
Andorra Qualifier
Pool play
Pool A
Pool B
Pool C
Pool D
Knockout stage
Final standings
Women's qualification
France Qualifier
Andorra Qualifier
Pool play
Knockout stage
Final standings
References
External links
Official website — Andorra Qualifier
Official website — France Qualifier
Q
Pierre Brassau was a Swedish artist and chimpanzee who was the subject of a 1964 hoax perpetrated by Åke "Dacke" Axelsson, a journalist at the Swedish tabloid Göteborgs-Tidningen. Axelsson came up with the idea of exhibiting a series of paintings made by a non-human primate, under the pretense that they were the work of a previously unknown French artist named "Pierre Brassau", in order to test whether critics could tell the difference between true avant-garde modern art and the work of a chimpanzee.
"Pierre Brassau" was Peter, a four-year-old common chimpanzee from Sweden's Borås Djurpark (i.e., Borås Zoo, condensed to "Brassau"). Axelsson had persuaded Peter's 17-year-old keeper to give the chimpanzee a brush and paint. After Peter had created several paintings, Axelsson chose the best four and arranged to have them exhibited at the Gallerie Christinae in Göteborg, Sweden.
While one critic observed that "only an ape could have done this", most praised the works. Rolf Anderberg of the Göteborgs-Posten wrote, "Brassau paints with powerful strokes, but also with clear determination. Their brush strokes twist with furious fastidiousness. Pierre is an artist who performs with the delicacy of a ballet dancer." After the hoax was revealed, Anderberg insisted that Peter's work was "still the best painting in the exhibition". A private collector bought one of the works for US$90 ().
In 1969, Peter was transferred to Chester Zoo in England.
See also
List of individual apes
Joachim-Raphaël Boronali
References
External links
Avantgarde artist Pierre Brassau
1960s animal births
1960s hoaxes
Art by primates
Hoaxes in Sweden
Individual animals in Sweden
Individual chimpanzees
Nonexistent people used in hoaxes
Swedish painters
Swedish satire
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Amador County, California.
This is intended to be a complete list of the properties and districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Amador County, California, United States. Latitude and longitude coordinates are provided for many National Register properties and districts; these locations may be seen together in a Google map.
There are 21 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county.
Current listings
|}
See also
List of National Historic Landmarks in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
California Historical Landmarks in Amador County, California
References
Amador
Buildings and structures in Amador County, California
NRHP
Vailima is the name of a village about four miles south of Apia, the capital of Samoa. The population is 769. Vailima is part of the electoral political district Tuamasaga.
Origins
The name Vailima means "water in the hand", according to an old Samoan tale. A woman gave some water (vai) in their hand (lima) to help their thirsty companion. A widely quoted misinterpretation states that the name means "five waters", as the word "lima" means both "hand" and "five" in Samoan.
Connections with Robert Louis Stevenson
The village is most known as the location of the last residence of Robert Louis Stevenson, named "Villa Vailima", which is now the Robert Louis Stevenson Museum. The estate has had a varied past with it functioning further as the residence for the governor of German Samoa, the administrator of the New Zealand mandatory authority and the Samoan head of state. It is now a museum in honour of Stevenson and has been substantially restored.
Stevenson is buried in a tomb on Mount Vaea overlooking Vailima. They had two wishes for their burial, to be buried on the top of Mount Vaea and to be buried with their boots on as they used those boots to walk on the Samoan lands.
References
Populated places in Tuamasaga
This is a timeline of incidents in 1994 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1994
1994
1994
Terr
Vranya Pass (, ‘Prohod Vranya' \'pro-hod 'vra-nya\) is the ice-covered saddle of elevation 2100 m separating Sullivan Heights from Vinson Massif in Sentinel Range, Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. It is part of the glacial divide between Crosswell Glacier to the northwest and Hinkley Glacier to the east.
The saddle is named after the settlement of Vranya in Southwestern Bulgaria.
Location
Vranya Pass is centred at , which is 10.9 km northeast of Mount Vinson, 8.51 km east of Mount Shinn, 1.74 km south of Mount Segers, 4.2 km north-northwest of Vanand Peak and 9.98 km west-northwest of Mount Waldron. US mapping in 1961, updated in 1988.
Maps
Vinson Massif. Scale 1:250 000 topographic maps. Reston, Virginia: US Geological Survey, 1988.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR). Since 1993, regularly updated.
References
Vranya Pass Saddle. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Vranya Pass. Copernix satellite image
Mountain passes of Ellsworth Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Kent Branstetter is a former tackle in the National Football League.
Biography
Branstetter was born Kent Wayne Branstetter on February 3, 1949 in Galveston, Texas.
Career
Branstetter was drafted in the ninth round of the 1972 NFL Draft by the New Orleans Saints and later played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1973 NFL season. They played at the collegiate level at the University of Houston.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1949 births
Living people
People from Galveston, Texas
Green Bay Packers players
University of Houston alumni
Houston Cougars football players
Tyler Apaches football players
American football offensive tackles
Babylon Springs is a 2006 EP by the Mountain Goats on the 4AD label. It was released as a CD and a digital download.
Track listing
Charts
References
2006 EPs
The Mountain Goats EPs
Palitzsch is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gerhard Palitzsch (1913–1944), German SS non-commissioned officer in Auschwitz concentration camp
Johann Georg Palitzsch (1723–1788), a German astronomer, after whom were named
Palitzsch (crater) and Vallis Palitzsch, moon features
11970 Palitzsch, an asteroid
Peter Palitzsch (1918–2004), a German theatre director associated with Bertold Brecht
German-language surnames
The Kenora Miner and News is a weekly publication based in Kenora, Ontario. The Miner and News is delivered free throughout the region every Thursday. The Miner and News is owned by Postmedia.
The paper was formerly known as the Kenora Daily Miner and News. In April 2019 the Miner ceased publishing on Tuesdays, prompting the removal of the word "Daily" from its name.
In January 2020, the Miner moved to a weekly publishing scheduling, amalgamating with the Lake of the Woods Enterprise.
History
The current Miner and News has been in continuous publication under various names as a weekly, semi-weekly and daily since 1880. James Weidman, one of western Canada's pioneering newspaper men, came to Rat Portage in the summer of 1880 and began publication of the Rat Progress Progress as a daily newspaper that September. Weidman sold their publication in 1882 and it went through several changes of ownership until being bought by John McCrossan who changed the newspaper's name to "The News" in 1887.
Weidman returned to Rat Portage in the summer of 1891 and began a new publication that July 'The Weekly Record', a short time later moving to semi-weekly publication. In 1897 Weidman sold their Rat Portage paper to Joseph Earngey and a group of local investors. Earngey changed the paper's name to the Rat Portage Miner. Earngey and their partners acquired 'The News', in 1902 from the family of Edward Chapman who was its owner from 1895 until their death in 1902. The two publications were merged, the daily News edition dropped, and the name changed to the Rat Portage Miner and News with twice-weekly publication.
Following the town's name change in 1905, the paper was renamed the Kenora Miner and News in March of 1906. Earngey would be the majority owner and manager/editor of the newspaper until their death in 1939. The newspaper again went through several ownership changes until being acquired by Stuart King in 1952 who moved the newspaper to six-day a week publication, in 1960 they also acquired the competing Daily Reminder.
In November 1973, Bowes Publishers purchased the newspaper and the name of the paper was changed again in 1977 to the Daily Miner and News. The Kenora Enterprise, which began publishing in 1996, was brought into the Daily Miner and News fold in July 2003.
In 2020, the Miner won its first-ever National Newspaper Award. Editor Ryan Stelter won the Claude Ryan Award for editorial writing.
See also
List of newspapers in Canada
References
External links
Kenora Daily Miner and News
Postmedia Network publications
Mass media in Kenora
Daily newspapers published in Ontario
Publications established in 1881
1881 establishments in Ontario
The Twin Cities–Milwaukee–Chicago (TCMC) project is a planned Amtrak intercity rail train that will operate in Illinois, Wisconsin and Minnesota between Chicago and St. Paul. It will be an extension of an existing Hiawatha Service train. This train will follow the routing of the Empire Builder for the entirety of its route and the Hiawatha Service from Chicago to Milwaukee.
Background
Originally, the TCMC Corridor was operated by the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul & Pacific Railroad. The Milwaukee Road ran numerous passenger trains from Chicago to St. Paul and beyond including the famous Twin Cities Hiawatha and Olympian Hiawatha. When Amtrak took over intercity passenger trains in 1971, only the Empire Builder continued serving the corridor. For a time, the North Coast Hiawatha and the North Star served this route as well.
, the Empire Builder continues to run daily, while the Hiawatha service runs seven additional round trips per day between Chicago and Milwaukee.
The TCMC project began in 2015 after the conclusion of a feasibility report by Amtrak. Based on the favorable ridership and revenue projections MnDOT led a Phase 1 study in cooperation with WisDOT, IDOT, the Ramsey County Regional Railroad Authority and the FRA to analyze service alternatives, infrastructure upgrades and anticipated costs. The Phase 2 study was led by WisDOT to complete the environmental review and prepare a Service Development Plan.
Infrastructure upgrades for the project are required in La Crosse, La Crescent, Winona and St. Paul. The total capital cost is $53.3 million, which has been fully funded by federal grants, WisDOT and MnDOT. The project is currently scheduled to begin construction in 2023 and begin operations in 2024.
Operation
The TCMC train will make 13 total stops from Chicago to St. Paul. Westbound, the journey will take 7 hours and 11 minutes, while it will take 7 hours 27 minutes eastbound. Each direction, the train will have a 5 minute long stop in Milwaukee.
The train will be not be a completely new service, but will rather extend an existing Hiawatha Service train from Milwaukee to St. Paul and back. The trains that will be extended are numbers 333 and 340, with train 333 departing Chicago at 11:05am and train 340 arriving in Chicago at 7:14pm.
Ridership is projected to be 124,000 passengers per year in 2024.
It is unknown what the name of the train will be, so far it has only been known as the TCMC Project.
Route and stops
References
Passenger rail transportation in Illinois
Passenger rail transportation in Wisconsin
Passenger rail transportation in Minnesota
Proposed railway lines in Illinois
Proposed railway lines in Minnesota
2024 in rail transport
Proposed Amtrak routes
Islamic religious leaders have traditionally been people who, as part of the clerisy, mosque, or government, performed a prominent role within their community or nation. However, in the modern contexts of Muslim minorities in non-Muslim countries as well as secularised Muslim states like Turkey, and Bangladesh, the religious leadership may take a variety of non-formal shapes.
Compared to religious leaders/clerics of the other Abrahamic faiths, Islamic clergy are said to resemble rabbis and not priests. Unlike Catholic priests they do not "serve as intermediaries between humankind and God", have "process of ordination", or "sacramental functions", but instead serve as "exemplars, teachers, judges, and community leaders," providing religious rules to the pious on "even the most minor and private" matters.
Alim
(ʿĀlim). Ulama (/ˈuːləˌmɑː/; Arabic: علماء ʿUlamāʾ, singular عالِم Scholar) religious sciences. In its narrow sense it refers to scholars of Islamic Jurisprudence. In the broader sense, it refers to those who have studied a broad range of essentially Islamic disciplines for several years, for example the hadith and the muhaddith. They represent the Ijmah, or Islamic consensus of the Ummah on religious issues; this does not mean that there can be no disputes - far from it - but they should be aware of what counts as the main consensual opinion, of other dissenting views and their objections.
Allamah
Allamah is an honorary and prestigious title carried by only the very highest scholars of Islamic thought, jurisprudence, and philosophy.
It is used as an honorific in Sunni Islam as well as in Shia Islam. Allamah is a leader for the Islamic faith.
Almami
"Almami" is a title of West African Muslim rulers, used especially in the conquest states of the 19th century.
Caliph
Caliph was first used for Abu Bakr, who was elected head of the Muslim community after the Prophet Muhammad's death.
Imam
Imam is an Arabic word meaning "Leader". The ruler of a country might be called the Imam, for example. The term, however, has important connotations in the Islamic tradition especially in Shia belief. In Sunni belief, the term is used for the founding scholars of the four Sunni madhhabs, or schools of religious jurisprudence (fiqh).
It is commonly used to refer to the official that leads the prayers at the mosques. Meanwhile, in Brunei, Singapore and Malaysia, those who lead any prayers in any places such as at home, are also called imam.
Grand Imam
The "Grand Imam" or "Imam of imams" (Arabic: ) of the Al-Azhar Mosque and Al-Azhar University is a prestigious Sunni Islam title and a prominent official title in Egypt. It is considered by Muslims in some countries to indicate the highest authority in Sunni Islam for Islamic jurisprudence, The grand Imam holds a great influence on followers of the theological Ash'ari and Maturidi traditions worldwide, while the defenders of the Athari and Salafi ideologies find their leaders in the Arabian Peninsula. The concept of Imam has its origins in the Quran. Ibrahim was promoted as Imam after their successful sacrifice. Every person at the day of judgement will also be called by their Imam. And there is an Imam e Mubeen who encompasses the whole universe as per the teachings of the Quran. Noble Imperial Sheik is the title for the Grand Imam of Al Hakika Mizaan Mizaani Sufi Order.
Ghazi
Ghazi was an individual who participated in ghazw, meaning military expeditions or raiding.
Grand Mufti
The title of "Grand Mufti" (Arabic: ) refers to the highest official of religious law in some Muslim countries.
Muezzin
Muezzin (the word is pronounced this way in Turkish, Urdu, etc.; in Arabic, it is muathi [mu-a-thin] ) is any person at the mosque who makes the adhan, or athan (call to prayer) for the Friday prayer service and the five daily prayers, or salat. Some mosques have specific places for the adhan to be made from, such as a minaret or a designated area in the mosque. Major mosques usually have a person who is called the "servant of the mosque". They usually are the person who performs the athan. In the case of small mosques, the imam of the mosque would perform the athan.
Mujtahid
Mujtahids are interpreters of the Qur'an and Hadith, the Islamic scriptures. These were traditionally Muftis who used interpretation (ijtihad) to clarify Islamic law, but in many modern secular contexts, Islamic law is no longer the law of the land. In that case, the traditional Mufti may well be replaced by a university or madrasa professor who informally functions as adviser to the local Muslim community in religious matters such as inheritance, divorce, etc.
Kyai
Kyai or Kiai is a title originally used in Javanese culture. Only a male person is called with this appellation. Their wife is called "nyai". In early modern times it is mainly used for the principal of an Islamic Boarding School (in Indonesia known as pondok pesantren). However, nowadays it is common in Indonesia to call any elderly preacher from any cultural background with this title.
Due to animistic belief of ancient Javanese people, the title "Kyai" is also used to call almost all persons and things venerated. Therefore, it is also common too for kris, weapons, gamelan, trees and certain venerated cattles.
Titles used only by Shia Muslims
Ayatollah
Ayatollah (Arabic: ; Persian: ) is a prestigious title given to major Shia clergymen. Ayatollah means "sign of God"; those who carry it are considered experts in Islamic studies.
Grand Ayatollah
Only a few of the most important ayatollah of one of the ayatollahs refer to them in many situations and ask them to publish their Juristic book in which they answer the vast majority of daily Muslim affairs. The book is called Resalah, which is usually a reinvention of the book Al-Urwatu l-Wuthqah, according to their knowledge of the most authentic Islamic sources and their application to current life.
See also
Succession to Muhammad
List of Caliphs
List of Grand Imams of Al-Azhar
List of Grand Ayatollahs
List of Maraji
References
Religious leadership roles
(; also spelled , or ) comes from Italian for "story-singer" and is known by many other names around the world. It is a theatrical form where a performer tells or sings a story while gesturing to a series of images. These images can be painted, printed or drawn on any sort of material.
Asia
In 6th-century India, religious tales called s were performed by traveling storytellers who carried banners painted with images of gods from house to house. Another form called featured the storytellers carrying vertical cloth scrolls and sung stories of the afterlife. In recent times, this is still performed by Chitrakar women from West Bengal, India.
In Tibet, this was known as and in other parts of China this was known as . In Indonesia, the scroll was made horizontally which is called the wayang beber and employed four performers: a man who sings the story, two men who operate the rolling of the scroll, and a woman who holds a lamp to illuminate particular pictures featured in the story. Other Indonesian theater forms, which are labelled as shadow play are the wayang kulit and wayang golek which uses rod puppetry, these are still performed today.
In Japan, appears as () or () in the form of hanging scrolls divided into separate panels, foreshadowing the popular modern manga, or Japanese comics. sometimes took the shape of little booklets, or even displays of dolls posed on the roadside with backgrounds behind them. In the 20th century, Japanese candymen on bicycles would bring serial shows called () where the story was told on a series of changing pictures that slid in and out of an open-framed box. Some shows had a raree show element to them, where a viewer could pay extra to peer through a hole and see a supposed artifact from the story.
Europe
In 16th-century Italy, prayers would often be sung in the presence of illuminated scrolls while secular society produced the or "singing bench" where a person would stand on a bench pointing to pictures with a stick.
In Spain up to the 19th century there were blind men who would be accompanied by a young helper who would make a living by going from town to town where they would display illustrations, and the blind man would recite or sing a story, often about crimes, while their helper pointed at the illustration relevant at that point. These were called "" (blind man stories).
The singing bench migrated northward to Central and Northern Europe where it served as sensationalist quasi-news about murder, fires, death, affairs, sex and scandals. Performers of such controversial bench songs were seen as vagrants and troublemakers and were often arrested, exiled, or ostracised for their activities.
In Germany itinerant balladeers performed or (bench song) banner shows for four centuries until the Nazis banned the practice in the 1940s. The German survives in Bertolt Brecht's The Threepenny Opera () and in the performance work of Peter Schumann.
In Czechoslovakia banner shows were called . Most of them have dissapeared, with the notable exception of a parody song Cannoneer . In Hungary the term is called .
Elsewhere
In aboriginal Australia storytellers paint story sequences on tree bark and also on themselves for the purposes of performing the tale.
In the 19th century, giant scrolling moving panorama shows were performed throughout the United Kingdom and United States. The 20th century has seen cantastoria employed by the radical art, theater and puppetry movements to tell stories from perspectives outside of the mainstream media, especially by the Bread and Puppet Theater. Elements of picture storytelling can also be seen in the portable mural-posters of the Beehive Collective.
See also
Storytelling
Murder ballad
Oral storytelling
Oral tradition
References
Sources
Mair, Victor H., Painting and Performance: Chinese Picture Recitation and its Indian Genesis. Honolulu: University of Hawaii Press, 1988.
Too Many Captain Cooks, film by Penny McDonald starring Paddy Wainburranga
Mariangela Giusti and Urmila Chakraborty (editors), , 2014,
Visual arts genres
Theatrical genres
Puppetry
Storytelling
Performing arts in India
Italian words and phrases
Song forms
Randolph County is a county located in the southwestern portion of the US state of Georgia and is considered part of the Black Belt, historically an area of plantations. As of the 2010 census, the population was 7,719, less than half its peak population in 1910, when there were numerous agricultural workers. The county seat is Cuthbert.
History
Randolph County was created on December 20, 1828, and named after the Virginia planter and politician John Randolph.
They were honored originally as the namesake of present-day Jasper County but, because of their opposition to U.S. entry into the War of 1812, the Georgia General Assembly changed the county name on December 10, 1812. Eventually, John Randolph's reputation was restored. In 1828, the General Assembly organized the current Randolph County in the west of the state. Most of the historic tribe of Muscogee people (Creek) were forced from the area to Indian Territory during Indian Removal.
Lumpkin, Georgia was the original county seat. It was within the portion of Randolph County that was reassigned in 1830 to form Stewart County, and Lumpkin was designated as the latter's county seat.
This area is considered part of the Black Belt, upland areas across the Deep South that were developed in the 19th century as plantations after invention of the cotton gin made processing of short-staple cotton profitable. Enslaved Blacks made up the vast majority of workers on the plantations, with hundreds of thousands being transported through the domestic slave trade from the coast and Upper South. After the American Civil War, many freedmen and their descendants continued to work on plantations in the county and region, comprising the majority of county population until the 1930s.
Like other areas of the rural South, workers in Randolph County lost jobs due to mechanization, invasion of the boll weevil, and the decline in agriculture. In the 20th century, many black families moved from the county to cities in the North and Midwest for work and less oppressive conditions during the Great Migration. However, the rural counties of the Black Belt continue to have substantial African-American populations. Agriculture has been industrialized and depends on relatively few workers.
By mid April 2020 Randolph County (including nearby Albany) hosted the third highest density of COVID-19 outbreaks in the nation, and as of May 2020, next to the New York Metro Area, and Boston, Massachusetts and metro area. Health department records showed an infection rate of 1.9 for every 100 citizens in Randolph County. The Randolph county outbreak was largely composed of an outbreak in a nursing home and may have had connections to the Procter & Gamble toilet paper factory in Albany, Georgia, which was deemed an essential service.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water.
More than half of Randolph County, roughly east of U.S. Route 27, is located in the Ichawaynochaway Creek sub-basin of the ACF River Basin (Apalachicola-Chattahoochee-Flint River Basin). The northwestern portion of the county, from just south of Cuthbert north, is located in the Middle Chattahoochee River-Walter F. George Lake sub-basin of the same ACF River Basin. The southwestern corner, centered on Coleman, is located in the Lower Chattahoochee River sub-basin of the same larger ACF River Basin.
Major highways
U.S. Route 27
U.S. Route 27 Business
U.S. Highway 82
State Route 1
State Route 1 Business
State Route 41
State Route 50
State Route 216
State Route 266
Adjacent counties
Stewart County – north
Webster County – northeast
Terrell County – east
Calhoun County – southeast
Clay County – southwest
Quitman County – west
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 6,425 people, 2,553 households, and 1,611 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 7,719 people, 3,187 households, and 2,011 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 4,153 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.8% black or African American, 36.6% white, 0.3% Asian, 0.1% American Indian, 0.5% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.5% of the population. In terms of European-American ancestry, 11.7% identified as English, 8.1% were Irish, and 2.4% were American.
Of the 3,187 households, 29.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 36.0% were married couples living together, 22.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.9% were non-families, and 33.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.33 and the average family size was 2.97. The median age was 42.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $26,194 and the median income for a family was $29,800. Males had a median income of $21,313 versus $23,542 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,632. About 23.7% of families and 28.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 53.2% of those under age 18 and 16.3% of those age 65 or over.
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 7,791 people, 2,909 households, and 1,972 families living in the county. The population density was 18 people per square mile (7/km2). There were 3,402 housing units at an average density of 8 per square mile (3/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 59.47% Black or African American, 38.94% White, 0.35% Native American, 0.18% Asian, 0.12% Pacific Islander, 0.51% from other races, and 0.44% from two or more races. 1.18% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 2,909 households, out of which 30.30% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 40.90% were married couples living together, 22.60% had a female householder with no husband present, and 32.20% were non-families. 30.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.80% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.57 and the average family size was 3.20.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.30% under the age of 18, 11.00% from 18 to 24, 24.20% from 25 to 44, 21.90% from 45 to 64, and 15.60% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females there were 85.90 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 78.10 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $22,004, and the median income for a family was $30,278. Males had a median income of $27,033 versus $20,394 for females. The per capita income for the county was $11,809. About 22.00% of families and 27.70% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.20% of those under age 18 and 31.00% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Cuthbert
Shellman
Census-designated place
Coleman
Other unincorporated communities
Benevolence
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Randolph County, Georgia
References
External links
Randolph County Sheriff's Office
1828 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1828
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
A panel truck (also called a panel delivery or pickup truck-based van) in U.S. and Canadian usage is a small delivery truck with a fully enclosed body. It typically is high and has no rear windows in the rear cargo area. The term was first used in the early 1910s. Panel trucks were marketed for contracting, deliveries, and other businesses. Often described as a small van (based on the chassis of a truck or pickup truck) used mostly for delivery rounds, the British equivalent is a "delivery van."
History
Consumer demand from farmers and businesses for stripped-down Model T versions prompted Henry Ford to market vehicles that independent builders could supply cabs and cargo enclosures according to users' needs.
The U.S. Army ordered 20,000 Dodge half-ton chassis sets for use as cargo trucks and ambulances During World War I that were then marketed after the war as the "Screenside Commercial Car" - a pickup with a roof and roll-up side covers or a fully enclosed cargo-bed.
Chevrolet made a van-like version of their Chevrolet Suburban, which was a station wagon version of the Chevrolet pickup truck from the 1930s. Panel truck versions of the Suburban were made until 1973.
Ford made panel truck versions of their pickup trucks until 1960. Panel trucks were also converted into canopy expresses, which were primarily used by farmers. Panel truck versions of the Agrocar were also released until 1978.
The style of the panel trucks from the 1930s to 1950s inspired the style of both the Chrysler PT Cruiser and the Chevrolet HHR. However, both of these were car platform-based models (Chrysler PL and GM Delta platforms respectively), not built on a pickup truck chassis.
The current use of panel trucks describes commercial delivery vans.
Difference
The difference between a sedan delivery and a panel truck is that the sedan delivery is based on the chassis of a sedan, hatchback, or station wagon, while a panel truck is based on the chassis of a pickup truck. Unibody-based vans are similar in size and in functionality but have a unibody chassis.
Canopy express
A canopy express (also known as a "huckster truck") is a light-duty cargo van based on the chassis of a panel truck. Canopy express vehicles have open display areas behind the driver's seat commonly used for peddling vegetables and fruit, but also used for other kinds of deliveries that require easy access, such as newspapers and radio equipment.
Canopy express trucks evolved as a more stylized version of standard pickup trucks that contained open canopies installed over the pickup bed. They were built by Dodge, General Motors, and International Harvester as well as other manufacturers. Ford Canopy Express trucks were merely aftermarket conversions of their existing panel trucks.
As the United States became more suburbanized after World War II, sales of canopy express vehicles declined. Dodge ceased production of these trucks in 1948, while GM offered the last of them in 1955.
See also
Carryall
Multi-stop truck
Panel van
Pickup truck
References
Light trucks
Carryalls
Francisco Javier Mauleón (born 16 September 1965) is a Spanish former professional racing cyclist. They rode in six editions of the Tour de France, two editions of the Giro d'Italia and seven editions of the Vuelta a España.
Major results
1987
1st Overall Circuito Montañés
1st Overall Cinturó de l'Empordà
1988
1st Overall Vuelta a Aragón
1989
1st Stage 3 Vuelta a Burgos
1990
2nd National Road Race Championships
3rd Overall Euskal Bizikleta
1992
2nd Subida al Naranco
9th Overall Vuelta a España
1st Stage 15
1996
1st Subida al Naranco
1997
2nd Overall Volta ao Alentejo
References
External links
1965 births
Living people
Spanish male cyclists
Sportspeople from Vitoria-Gasteiz
Cyclists from the Basque Country (autonomous community)
The following is a list of the 335 communes of the Ardèche department of France.
The communes cooperate in the following intercommunalities (as of 2020):
Communauté d'agglomération Annonay Rhône Agglo
Communauté d'agglomération Arche Agglo (partly)
Communauté d'agglomération Privas Centre Ardèche
Communauté de communes Ardèche des Sources et Volcans
Communauté de communes Ardèche Rhône Coiron
Communauté de communes du Bassin d'Aubenas
Communauté de communes Berg et Coiron
Communauté de communes Cèze-Cévennes (partly)
Communauté de communes des Gorges de l'Ardèche
Communauté de communes de la Montagne d'Ardèche
Communauté de communes du Pays Beaume-Drobie
Communauté de communes du Pays de Lamastre
Communauté de communes Pays des Vans en Cévennes
Communauté de communes Porte de DrômArdèche (partly)
Communauté de communes Rhône Crussol
Communauté de communes Source de l'Ardèche
Communauté de communes du Val d'Ay
Communauté de communes Val'Eyrieux
Communauté de communes Val de Ligne
References
INSEE Ardèche communes
Ardeche
Sennentuntschi is a 2010 Swiss film written and directed by Michael Steiner. It is based on an eponymous Alpine fable. The film premiered at the 2010 Zurich Film Festival.
Plot
The film begins with a mother and young daughter mushroom-hunting in the forest of the Swiss Alps. While searching for more mushrooms, the girl finds a mysterious boy using a mirror to reflect the sunlight, directing them to a cluster of mushrooms. As they collect the mushrooms, they discover a skeleton in among the cluster and screams in horror. The police arrive at the location to investigate the skeleton, which the autopsy confirms that a man died in the spot about thirty years ago. To identify the youth they encountered, the police officer present the girl photos of boys who were reported missing, which they point to the image of the boy they witnessed identified as Albert Parpan, who was reported missing in 1975. The police officer believed that the girl has seen a ghost, as the youth was reported missing years ago. The girl's mother tells the officer a story of another police officer who didn't believe in ghosts.
The story flashes back to 1975 in Grison Alps, Switzerland. A young priest is found hanged in a church tower. The coroner and local police sheriff Sebastian Reusch deduced the priest's death to be suicide by hanging. Shortly after the priest's funeral, a mysterious girl appears in the village. As the villagers shared rumors about the girl, they began to suspect that the girl was responsible for the death of the priest, and became wary and hostile towards her, especially the local bishop, who believed that they are a devil as she's shown to have a profound aversion to a cross. The bishop escorted from the police station by Reusch, who protected the girl as they suspect that they aren't raised in a civilized environment. The girl, despite being mute and somewhat feral, is shown to be flirtatious towards Reusch despite their self-control. Intrigued by the girl's behavior, Reusch wants to find out the truth about them
In a flashback, lonely Alpine herdsmen Erwin and their nephew Albert are joined by a third man, Martin Delacroix, whose girlfriend broke up with them and claims that they needed to escape the stresses of city life. During a long night while being drunk and high on absinthe, Albert makes a doll out of a broom, rags, and hay, while Erwin tells Martin the story about Sennentuntschi. In the story, three lonely and mating-hungry herdsmen made such a doll, while the devil takes pity upon them and makes it come to life. On the next day, an actual girl appears in their lodge dressed in the doll's clothes. Erwin warns Martin about the ending of the story, in which Sennentuntschi kills all three men, but they both rape them anyway. The girl takes revenge by slaughtering all of Erwin's sheep, and killing Erwin by stabbing him. Albert dies in a fire by accident and eventually, Martin due to blood poisoning from tetanus, as they were bitten by the girl during rape. It is revealed that Martin had murdered their ex-girlfriend and lied to Erwin and Albert in order to lay low for some time and avoid the manhunt. Before their death, Martin confessed to Erwin about murdering their ex-girlfriend, and refused to be taken to the village to seek medical care for their infection in fear of getting arrested.
Back in the present time, while Reusch conducts an investigation on the girl's origin, the bishop instigates villagers against them They tell everyone that the girl is an incarnation of the devil, who has returned for destruction, and was responsible for the recent death of the village mayor's unborn child. They support their theory by a photograph from 1950, showing a young Gypsy woman that resembles the girl, who disappeared 25 years prior and was suspected of arson and the death of three herdsmen in the same year the photograph was taken. Reusch is the only one who keeps reason, therefore clashing with the villagers. They attempt to take the girl away, but is ambushed by the villagers.
The girl however escapes. Reusch keeps investigating and finds out that the Gypsy woman from the photograph is the girl's mother, who was raped and impregnated by the bishop 25 years prior. The girl's mother then went into hiding in the mountain house of the legendary three herdsmen, but then was found by the bishop, who forced the Gypsy woman off a cliff. To cover their crimes, the bishop murdered the herdsmen by burning their cabin with them inside, and kept their daughter in captivity in an underground chamber since birth. The reason behind their muteness, feral nature, and fear of the sight of a cross is due to 25 years of captivity and isolation with only the late priest assigned by the bishop to care for her, and threatened with a holy cross whenever they took them food. It is revealed that the priest did not commit suicide but was killed by being pushed down the stairs during the girl's escape from the bishop's house. The bishop covered up the priest's death as a suicide, while the girl succeeded in escaping the bishop's house, and ended up at Erwin and Albert's lodge. Reusch arrests and imprisons the bishop and goes into the mountains, searching for the girl.
Reusch finds the girl alive and well in the cabin, however days after the deadly events. The girl made dolls out of Albert, Erwin, and Martin's skins and bodies just like in the legend of Sennentuntschi, since they had no concept of death and believes that if they made the men into dolls as in the legend, they would be brought to life. This made Reusch sick and angry with them They run away with Reusch following her, only to pursue them so far that they fall in a ravine due to the heavy fog. They go after them and finds their lifeless body. Feeling responsible and consumed with guilt for their death, they take their own life by gunshot.
The story transitions back to the present, the police investigators find the skeletal remains of the girl, and realized that the girl was human and there was no demon. The girl was the subject of false rumors spread by the bishop to scare the villagers, and because of the false rumors, the girl lost their lives.
Cast
Release
Home media
Sennentuntschi was released on DVD and Blu-ray by Invincible Pictures on November 19, 2013.
Reception
Peter Martin of Screen Anarchy stated that, while the film's narrative was occasionally incoherent, Mesquida's performance and cinematography made up for it. Adrian Halen from HorrorNews.net Halen praised the film's writing, and third act, writing, "Sennentuntschi is rooted in a horror/mystery genre premise that actually takes a direction different from many films of genre". Brad McHargue of Bloody Disgusting gave the film a mostly positive review, commending the performances (particularly Mesquida's), cinematography, soundtrack, and mounting tension, while criticizing the disjointed nature, and confusing ending.
References
External links
2010 films
2010 horror films
2010s mystery films
2010s fantasy films
2010s psychological horror films
Films set in 1975
Films set in the Alps
Folk horror films
Mystery horror films
Dark fantasy films
Swiss horror films
Swiss German-language films
This is a timeline of incidents in 1980 that have been labelled as "terrorism" and are not believed to have been carried out by a government or its forces (see state terrorism and state-sponsored terrorism).
Guidelines
To be included, entries must be notable (have a stand-alone article) and described by a consensus of reliable sources as "terrorism".
List entries must comply with the guidelines outlined in the manual of style under MOS:TERRORIST.
Casualty figures in this list are the total casualties of the incident including immediate casualties and later casualties (such as people who succumbed to their wounds long after the attacks occurred).
Casualties listed are the victims. Perpetrator casualties are listed separately (e.g. x (+y) indicate that x victims and y perpetrators were killed/injured).
Casualty totals may be underestimated or unavailable due to a lack of information. A figure with a plus (+) sign indicates that at least that many people have died (e.g. 10+ indicates that at least 10 people have died) – the actual toll could be considerably higher. A figure with a plus (+) sign may also indicate that over that number of people are victims.
If casualty figures are 20 or more, they will be shown in bold. In addition, figures for casualties more than 50 will also be underlined.
Incidents are limited to one per location per day. If multiple attacks occur in the same place on the same day, they will be merged into a single incident.
In addition to the guidelines above, the table also includes the following categories:
List
See also
List of terrorist incidents
References
1980
1980
1980
Terr
Isaac Mahmood Noell (born 12 April 1983), known professionally as Sak Noel, is a Spanish DJ, record producer, songwriter and music video director.  They are best known for the international hits "Loca People", "Paso", "No Boyfriend (No Problem)" with Mayra Verónica which debuted at number 40 on the Billboard Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart, and "Trumpets" with Salvi and Sean Paul.
Discography
Singles
Remixes and other versions
"Esta Es Mi Fiesta" (Sak Noel Remix) — Xana
"Paso (The Nini Anthem)" (Remix) (with Sito Rocks)
"Loca People" (Remix) (with Pitbull and Sensato)
"Literally I Can't" (Remix) (with Redfoo)
"Pierdo La Cabeza" (Remix) (with Zion & Lennox)
"Bajo El Mismo Sol" (Remix) (with Jennifer Lopez and Alvaro Soler)
"Gimme Gimme" (Remix) (with Inna)
"Cold" (Sak Noel Remix) — Maroon 5
"Further Up (Na, Na, Na, Na, Na)" (Sak Noel Remix) — Static & Ben El featuring Pitbull
References
External links
Sak Noel official website
Spanish dance musicians
Spanish DJs
Living people
People from Selva
1983 births
Mad Decent artists
Lake Holiday is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Union Township, Montgomery County, in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is a private community on the banks of its eponymous body of water, notable for its dam, size, and its scenic beauty.
The community contains several parks as well as these subdivisions: Holiday Shores, Royal Hills, Imperial Woods, Wellington Villa, Cambridge Shores, Indian Hills, Sherwood Forest, and Seneca Hills. With more than 360 houses and 1,365 lots, Lake Holiday is larger than several incorporated towns in Montgomery County.
Demographics
History
Many of the older houses in the community were built in the early 1960s, as was the dam that created Lake Holiday. In March 1993, the Montgomery County Circuit Court approved a district plan that reorganized the governance of the community into two major bodies: The Lake Holiday Conservancy District, which owns and is responsible for the lake, dam, boat ramps, parks, clubhouse, drainage, and maintenance building. The other governing organization, the Lake Holiday Property Owners Association, maintains the roads and is responsible for housing and lot developments. It is a tax-exempt entity.
According to its website, the Lake Holiday area now "covers 750 acres, has 780 property owners, 369 homes, and 1,296 privately owned lots. The lake itself covers 150 acres and has an average depth of 10 feet with depths up to 20 feet near the dam. There are many miles of shoreline along the lake and approximately 16 miles of roadway."
The clubhouse hosts community breakfasts, regular card-playing events of a social nature, Easter Egg hunts, and other seasonal activities. There is a crappie fishing tournament on the lake each May. In summer, bass fishing tournaments are held on Thursdays (weather permitting).
Location
Lake Holiday can be found five miles (8 km) southwest of Crawfordsville, off Indiana State Road 47, between County Roads 400 W & 550 S., near New Market.
Its offices are located in the lake's clubhouse at 5000 South 400 West, Crawfordsville.
The lake, community, and its various subdivisions are all located in Union Township. It should not be confused with the campground of the same name.
Education
South Montgomery Community School Corporation operates public schools serving New Ross. Southmont Junior High School and Southmont High School serve secondary students.
References
A source confirming the tax-exempt status of the governing organization:
Unincorporated communities in Montgomery County, Indiana
Census-designated places in Indiana
Unincorporated communities in Indiana
Holiday
Bodies of water of Montgomery County, Indiana
Richmond County is a county located in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 200,549. It is one of the original counties of Georgia, created February 5, 1777. Following an election in 1995, the city of Augusta (the county seat) consolidated governments with Richmond County. The consolidated entity is known as Augusta-Richmond County, or simply Augusta. Exempt are the cities of Hephzibah and Blythe, in southern Richmond County, which voted to remain separate. Richmond County is included in the Augusta-Richmond County, GA-SC Metropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The county is named for Charles Lennox, 3rd Duke of Richmond, a British politician and office-holder sympathetic to the cause of the American colonies. Richmond was also a first cousin to King George III.
Richmond County was established in 1777 by the first Constitution of the (newly independent) State of Georgia. As such, it is one of the original counties of the state. It was formed out of a portion of the colonial Parish of St. Paul, after the Revolution disestablished the Church of England in the (former) Royal Province of Georgia.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water.
The vast majority of Richmond County is located in the Middle Savannah River sub-basin of the Savannah River basin, with just the southwestern corner of the county, from a line running north from Blythe through the middle of Fort Gordon, located in the Brier Creek sub-basin of the Savannah River basin.
Adjacent counties
Edgefield County, South Carolina (north)
Aiken County, South Carolina (northeast)
Burke County (south)
Jefferson County (southwest)
McDuffie County (west)
Columbia County (northwest)
Transportation
Major highways
Interstate 20
Interstate 520
U.S. Route 1
U.S. Route 25
U.S. Route 25 Business
U.S. Route 78
U.S. Route 278
State Route 4
State Route 10
State Route 28
State Route 56
State Route 88
State Route 104
State Route 104 Connector
State Route 121
State Route 223
State Route 232
State Route 383
State Route 402 (unsigned designation for I-20)
State Route 415 (unsigned designation for I-520)
State Route 540 (Fall Line Freeway)
State Route 555 & 565 (Savannah River Parkway)
Pedestrians and cycling
Augusta Canal Historic Trail
New Bartram Trail
Phinizy Swamp Constructed Wetlands Trail
River Levee Trail
Riverwalk Augusta Trail
Demographics
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 206,607 people, 68,361 households, and 42,363 families residing in the county.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 200,549 people, 76,924 households, and 48,641 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 86,331 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 54.2% black or African American, 39.7% white, 1.7% Asian, 0.3% American Indian, 0.2% Pacific islander, 1.3% from other races, and 2.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 4.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 8.0% were American, 7.0% were Irish, 6.7% were German, and 5.3% were English.
Of the 76,924 households, 33.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 35.6% were married couples living together, 22.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 36.8% were non-families, and 30.4% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.47 and the average family size was 3.09. The median age was 33.2 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $37,882 and the median income for a family was $45,220. Males had a median income of $37,368 versus $29,313 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,604. About 19.4% of families and 23.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.5% of those under age 18 and 12.1% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Augusta (county seat)
Blythe
Hephzibah
Fort Gordon
Notable person
David E. Twiggs
Politics
Similar to most urban counties in the state with majority African American populations, Richmond County has backed the Democratic Party candidate by increasing margins since 1992. However in every presidential election from 1952 to 1988 which did not have Georgian Jimmy Carter on the ballot, the county backed the Republican candidate for president. Prior to 1952, the county voted like a typical Solid South county, voting for Democratic presidential candidates by landslide margins until backing Dixiecrat Strom Thurmond in 1948. 1928 was an exception to this rule with Herbert Hoover beating Al Smith handily due to anti-Catholic sentiment.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Richmond County, Georgia
Richmond County School System
New Savannah, Georgia
References
Further reading
A. Ray Rowland (ed.), Historical Markers of Richmond County, Georgia. Augusta, GA: Richmond County Historical Society, 1966.
Richmond County History. Augusta, GA: Richmond County Historical Society, 1969-date. —Journal, established Winter 1969.
External links
Official website of Augusta-Richmond County consolidated government
Documents from Richmond County in the Digital Library of Georgia
Georgia Department of Transportation map of Richmond County (Note: map uses pre-consolidation city boundaries)
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
1777 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Populated places established in 1777
Augusta metropolitan area
Black Belt (U.S. region)
Majority-minority counties in Georgia
Fayard Antonio Nicholas (October 20, 1914 – January 24, 2006) was an American choreographer, dancer and actor. They and their younger brother Harold Nicholas made up the Nicholas Brothers tap dance duo, who starred in the MGM musicals An All-Colored Vaudeville Show (1935), Stormy Weather (1943), The Pirate (1948), and Hard Four (2007). The Nicholas brothers also starred in the 20th Century-Fox musicals Down Argentine Way (1940), Sun Valley Serenade (1941), and Orchestra Wives (1942).
Early life
Nicholas was born in Alabama, but grew up primarily in Philadelphia. They learned to dance while watching vaudeville shows with their brother while their musician parents played in the orchestra. Their father, Ulysses D. Nicholas, was a drummer and their mother, Viola Harden Nicholas, was a pianist.
Career
In 1932, when they were 18 and their brother was only 11, they became the featured act at Cotton Club in New York City. The brothers earned fame with a unique style of rhythm tap that blended "masterful jazz steps with daredevil athletic moves and an elegance of motion worthy of ballet". They appeared in the Ziegfeld Follies on Broadway and in London they worked with jazz choreographer Buddy Bradley. The performances led them to a career in film. Nicholas appeared in over 60 films, including the 1943 musical Stormy Weather with their signature staircase dance.
Their career was interrupted from 1943 to 1944 when they served in the U.S. Army during World War II. Nicholas achieved the rank of Technician fifth grade while in WWII.
After their dance career ended, Nicholas and their wife, Katherine Hopkins Nicholas, embarked on a lecture tour discussing dance. In 2003, Nicholas served as "Festival Legend" at the third "Soul to Sole Tap Festival" in Austin, Texas.
Nicholas was inducted into the National Museum of Dance C.V. Whitney Hall of Fame in 2001.
Personal life
Nicholas was married three times. They remained friends with their first wife, Geraldine Pate, after their divorce. Their second wife was Barbara January, and they remained married until their death in 1998. They married dancer Katherine Hopkins in 2000. They were a member of the Baháʼí Faith. Nicholas died of pneumonia following a stroke in 2006 at age 91. Their widow Katherine died in 2012.
References
External links
Nicholas Brothers official website
Fayard Nicholas's oral history video excerpts at The National Visionary Leadership Project
1998 Interview with Fayard Nicholas
1914 births
2006 deaths
Actors from Mobile, Alabama
African-American male dancers
African-American dancers
American male dancers
African-American Bahá'ís
American choreographers
American male film actors
African-American male actors
American tap dancers
Burials at Valhalla Memorial Park Cemetery
Kennedy Center honorees
Tony Award winners
American male stage actors
Male actors from Alabama
Male actors from Philadelphia
21st-century Bahá'ís
20th-century Bahá'ís
20th-century American male actors
United States Army personnel of World War II
United States Army non-commissioned officers
Deaths from pneumonia in California
20th-century African-American people
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American men
21st-century African-American men
Ellsworth Land is a portion of the Antarctic continent bounded on the west by Marie Byrd Land, on the north by Bellingshausen Sea, on the northeast by the base of Antarctic Peninsula, and on the east by the western margin of the Filchner–Ronne Ice Shelf. It extends between 103°24'W and 79°45'W. The area west of 90°W is unclaimed, the area between 84°W and 90°W is claimed by Chile only, and the remainder by Chile and the United Kingdom as a part of the British Antarctic Territory. Eights Coast stretches between 103°24'W and 89°35'W, and Bryan Coast between 89°35'W and 79°45'W.
It is largely a high ice plateau, but includes the Ellsworth Mountains and a number of scattered mountain groups: Hudson, Jones, Behrendt, Hauberg, Merrick, Sweeney and Scaife Mountains.
This land lies near the center of the area traversed by American explorer Lincoln Ellsworth on an airplane flight during November–December 1935. It was named for them by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1962 to commemorate that historic transcontinental flight from Dundee Island to the Ross Ice Shelf.
References
British Antarctic Territory
Lands of Antarctica
The following lists events that happened during 1918 in Afghanistan.
Incumbents
Monarch – Habibullah Khan
Events
Little news emerges from Afghanistan during the year. It is reported from India that the amir continues to maintain their neutrality in the war in a most scrupulous and loyal manner.
Afghanistan
Years of the 20th century in Afghanistan
Afghanistan
Edmund "Eddy" Malura (born 24 June 1955) is a former professional German footballer.
Malura made 246 appearances over a decade in the 2. Fußball-Bundesliga during their playing career.
References
External links
1955 births
Living people
German footballers
Association football midfielders
2. Bundesliga players
Tennis Borussia Berlin players
SG Union Solingen players
Rot-Weiß Oberhausen players
German football managers
1. FC Union Solingen managers
A recession-proof job is a job that one is likely to be able to find even during hard economic times. Though these jobs are not truly "recession-proof," they have a continual demand for workers, thereby increasing the chances that one who has the skills will be likely to find employment.
What makes a job so-called recession-proof is society's perpetual need and heavy demand for the service related jobs. Certain fields, such as health care, education, law enforcement, and various computer-related occupations are thereby always in demand. But as to which specific jobs are the most recession-proof, this varies in different eras, as the times change, and each recession differs. Also, the geographic locality may make a difference.
When a recession occurs, many people, especially those who have lost their jobs, those whose jobs have been threatened, or those who fear losing their jobs are motivated to seek education to be able to obtain recession-proof employment in their future.
External links
List of the 150 most recession-proof jobs from Time Magazine
References
Recruitment
Unemployment
Om Sena Nepal () is a political party in Nepal. As of 2013, the general secretary of the party was Govind Karki and the chairperson was Dhan Bahadur Kunwar.
The party registered itself with the Election Commission of Nepal ahead of the 2013 Constituent Assembly election, with the support of 10,000 voters. It presented two candidates in FPTP constituencies, Jay Narayan Prasad Sah in Rautahat 2 and Hom Bahadur Rakal in Bara 6. For the Proportional Representation vote the party submitted a list of 39 candidates, headed by Dhan Bahadur Kunwar. The election symbol of the party is a mouse.
References
Political parties in Nepal
Polynesia curtitibia is a moth in the family Geometridae. It is found in the north-eastern Himalayas, Thailand and on Borneo. The habitat consists of lowland and upper montane forests.
Adults have primrose-yellow wings marked with punctate red fasciae.
References
Moths described in 1922
Asthenini
Anant Ramachandra Gokhale (14 February 1907 – 25 June 1978) was an educationalist. In 20th century India, many great personalities walked in multifaceted fields of Indian society. Many amongst them served the nation in different capacities through various occupations. Some of them contributed immensely in the field of education all over India. Gokhale was amongst such personalities who worked all their life for women education and welfare.
Early life
Anant Ramachandra Gokhale, popularly known as A.R. Gokhale or Nanasaheb was born in Ichalkaranji, then a small state (now in Kolhapur District) of Maharashtra in a Chitpavan Brahmin family. Their parents Ramachandra Vishnu Gokhale, themselves a Sanskrit scholar and Mathurabai played an important role in ensuring higher education for their son. Anant Ramachandra Gokhale spent their early life in Belgaum, Karnataka. They finished their high school education from Beynon Smith High School Belgaum which was run by the missionaries. After matriculation, they studied in Willingdon College Sangli and graduated from Rajaram College Kolhapur in the year 1927. They also did their M.A. in English and Sanskrit from Deccan College Pune and B.T. from Tilak College of Education, Pune.
Anant Ramachandra Gokhale started their life as school teacher in American Missionary School, Vengurla where they came across Dr. Robert H. H. Goheen, an American academic who was known for their selfless service and simple living with high thinking. Dr. Goheen's son Robert F. Goheen went on to become the president of Princeton University and United States Ambassador to India. Gokhale also worked with the New English High School Satara.
A.R.Gokhale was associated with the Servants of India Society, formed by Namdar Gopal Krishna Gokhale. A.R.Gokhale was involved in the activities of Bharat Sevak Samaj, founded by India's first Prime Minister Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. They were also a member of Maharashtra Samajik Parishad.
Servants of India Society
Anant Ramachandra Gokhale's life took a new turn in the 1930s when they were influenced by the preachings of great scholar of mathematics and leader Namdar Gopal Krishna Gokhale and joined the Servants of India Society which was founded by them in Pune.
The Servants of India Society was running an English Daily The Hitavada since 1911. With their flair for journalism and great command over English, Marathi and Sanskrit, Gokhale went on deputation to Delhi in early 1930s as a special correspondent for the newspaper and covered the proceedings of Central Legislative Assembly (Now known as Lok Sabha). They had a great opportunity to closely observe and meet leaders like Pandit Motilal Nehru, Barrister Muhammad Ali Jinnah who then represented the Indian National Congress, Vithalbhai Patel, the co-founder of Swaraj Party, Barrister M. R. Jayakar of Pune who was a founder of Pune Vidyapeeth, and several other leaders. Thus their life was enriched by a spell of journalism.
Influence of Women's Education
A.R. Gokhale, during their college days in the 1920s was highly influenced by great personalities like Maharshi Dhondo Keshav Karve who had started Hingne Stree Shikshan Sanstha for destitute and child widows who lived life of Alawan. The institute grew up to become Shreemati Nathibai Damodar Thackersey Women's University. Thus the tradition of women's emancipation from slavery flourished in Maharashtra. Another pioneer of women education Ramabai Ranade, wife of Justice Mahadev Govind Ranade of Bombay High Court had founded Pune Sevasadan Society in Pune in the 1909 for poor and destitute child widows to make them self-reliant and independent through education. Them contemporary, Pandita Ramabai was also a fountainhead of women's liberation.
The women in the Central Provinces and Berar had a similar fate like rest of Maharashtra. In Nagpur, then the capital of Central Provinces and Berar, eminent people like Bhawani Shankar Niyogi, who later became the Chief Justice of Nagpur High Court, Justice W. R. Puranik of Nagpur High Court and Colonel K. V. Kukade and their friends were impressed by the work of Pune Sevasadan Society and the Nagpur branch of Pune Sevasadan came into existence on 2 January 1927 with G. B. Garud as Nagpur Sevasadan's first Superintendent. They served there till 1936.
In the year 1936, A.R. Gokhale, concluded their tenure with The Hitavada and moved to Nagpur along with their wife Mrs. Sushilabai Gokhale, themselves a Fergusson College, Pune graduate, to follow their ideals and there began a long journey with Sevasdan Nagpur.
Sevasadan Education Society
Anant Ramchnadra Gokhale's life turned a new corner to devote 40 years of life to women's education in 1936. Pune Sevasadan was looking for a young graduate couple in those days and had plans to take Nagpur Sevasadan forward. Gokhale and their wife Sushilabai Gokhale, both of whom were English, Marathi and Sanskrit scholars and orators was an apt couple to take over the reins and nurture Nagpur Sevasadan. Thus A.R.Gokhale became the superintendent of Sevasadan at a young age of 29. They were a teacher of English in high school for the 9th, 10th and 11th standards. Though they were the Superintendent of the school and was devoted to other aspects like school administration, fund raising for construction of buildings, they were also teaching English to female students of the school.
Gokhale took keen interest in the administration and also laid foundation of fledgling Sevasadan into a bigger institution. Nagpur Sevasadan had begun its journey in a rented bungalow in Dhantoli. They always wanted Sevasadan to move into a large premise and was in real sense a creator of converting this dream into reality for the benefit of destitute women and girls. They were continuously talking to the then Central Provinces and Berar Government and secured a plot for the school from them in the year 1939. Sevasadan shifted to its new building in 1940. Their work did not stop only at the creation of one building, but they were toiling hard for the betterment of women's education and erected buildings for a High School, Pre-Primary Teachers Training College and Women's Hostel to bring Nagpur Sevasadan to its current status.
In those days, women in India were dependent on their families for survival because they were uneducated. The child widows had no choice to remarry and had to work for well-to-do families with a meagre income and no future, thus being exploited by the society as they were poor and uneducated. Their condition was pitiable, so it was necessary to make them educated and self-supportive. Nagpur Sevasadan gave them shelter in its women's hostel. Gokhale started many schemes in the society for their welfare. They brought in the concept of 'Earn and Learn' for these women so they could live their lives with respect in the society. The women who could not afford education and had no place to stay were accommodated in the women's hostel allowing them to work for the school and paid for the work done by them and also take up education and attend classes in the school or in the training colleges of Sevasadan.
Gokhale was a well known figure in Nagpur as a social worker and educator. During those days, the girl students hailing from Hyderabad State appeared for S.S.C examination of Nagpur Board and used to come to Nagpur for examinations in the summer. The poor girls had no accommodations for short period of 2 months. Gokhale ensured the girl students were allowed to stay in Sevasadan Hostel and helping them. Similarly, girls from refugee families who migrated from Pakistan were supported by them for taking up the exam in Nagpur, making facilities available for those students in the premises of Nagpur Sevasadan. For him, they preached what they taught ensuring equality among all their students irrespective of caste, creed and religion.
During the 1950s, there were no trained teachers for Balak Mandirs (Children School). So Gokhale and their wife started a Pre-Primary Teachers Training College for women and Mrs. Gokhale as its Principal helped the institute to bring out qualified teachers.
Gokhale was a founder President of Superintendents' Association (now known as Headmasters' Association) in the 1940s for safeguarding the interests of the institutions. They were the President again in the early 1970s. Through their tireless efforts, construction of a hall for the Association's office and meetings came into a reality at Laxmi Nagar, Nagpur.
Gokhale breathed Sevasadan all through their life and developed the institute for women's education and their welfare.
End of an Era
Gokhale believed in the maxim of ‘High Thinking and Simple Living' and they lived all their life as per their ideals. They breathed their last in Sevasadan on 25 June 1978 at the age of 71. They dedicated their life to Sevasadan. Such devoted servants of society are rare to find in new set.
Nagpur Sevasadan celebrated Mr. A.R. Gokhale's birth centenary year in 2006–2007 and installed their statue in the premises of Nagpur Sevasadan as a mark of respect and a book was published in their memory on the same occasion. The congratulatory message for the said book was received from Hon.Prof.Ram Shevalkar and Dr. Rajan Welukar then Vice Chancellor of YCMOU.
Current website of Sevasadan Nagpur acknowledges Mr.A.R.Gokhale as past management committee member.
The school is still run carrying the same principles and morals for which it was founded way back in 1927.
Publications
Sevasadan Speaks is a book describing celebrations on the occasion of Golden Jubilee of Nagpur Sevasadan in the year 1977.
Biography of Charles Freer Andrews: They were a missionary who served in India in the early 1920s and was closely associated with Annie Besant's Home Rule League. They were an educator and social reformer in India and close friend of Mahatma Gandhi and an influential factor in convincing Gandhi to return to India from South Africa.
Sadhu Sundar Singh, a saint from Punjab who was a missionary in the early 1920s.
Gallery
References
1978 deaths
1907 births
Shivaji University alumni
Savitribai Phule Pune University alumni
The Edinburgh Theological College was founded in 1810 to train Anglican clergy to serve in the Scottish Episcopal Church. In 1891 the college moved to Coates Hall in Rosebery Avenue where it gradually expanded to include residential accommodation and a library. The college's academic hood was black lined with thistle green. The college closed in 1994 and the site is now used by St Mary's Music School.
The Edinburgh Theological College was succeeded by the Theological Institute of the Scottish Episcopal Church (TISEC) in 1995, which was itself succeeded by the Scottish Episcopal Institute (SEI) in 2015.
See also
Alumni of Edinburgh Theological College
References
1810 establishments in Scotland
Educational institutions established in 1810
Scottish Episcopal Church
Bible colleges, seminaries and theological colleges in Scotland
Former theological colleges in Scotland
1994 disestablishments in Scotland
Educational institutions disestablished in 1994
The South Pacific Regional Fisheries Management Organisation (SPRFMO) is an intergovernmental organization created by international treaty, the Convention on the Conservation and Management of High Seas Fishery Resources in the South Pacific Ocean signed in Auckland on .
The intent of the signatories was to commit "to ensuring the long-term conservation and sustainable use of fishery resources in the South Pacific Ocean and in so doing safeguarding the marine ecosystems in which the resources occur."
Secretariat
The secretariat of SPRFMO is based in Wellington, New Zealand. Currently the Executive Secretary is Mr Craig Loveridge
Members
The government members of the SPRFMO are:
References
Intergovernmental organizations established by treaty
Fisheries agencies
International organisations based in New Zealand
Pacific Ocean
Treaties of Australia
Treaties of Chile
Treaties of China
Treaties of the Cook Islands
Treaties of Cuba
Treaties of Ecuador
Treaties entered into by the European Union
Treaties extended to the Faroe Islands
Treaties of North Korea
Treaties of New Zealand
Treaties of Peru
Treaties of Russia
Treaties of Taiwan
Treaties of the United States
Treaties of Vanuatu
Treaties concluded in 2009
Treaties entered into force in 2012
Environmental treaties
Treaties establishing intergovernmental organizations
2009 in New Zealand
Timothy "Tim" McIntyre (born 9 April 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL). They were recruited by the club in the 2012 Rookie Draft, with pick #41. McIntyre made their debut in round 15, 2012, against at AAMI Stadium in Showdown XXXIII.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Adelaide Football Club players
Sturt Football Club players
Australian rules footballers from South Australia
Robert Burscough (1651 –July 1709) was an English divine.
The son of Thomas Burscough, they were born at Cartmel, Lancashire, in 1651. They entered Queen's College, Oxford, as servitor in 1668, and took their B.A. in 1672 and M.A. in 1682. In 1681 they were presented by Charles II of England to the vicarage of St Mary's Church, Totnes, Devonshire, in succession to John Prince, author of the Worthies of Devon. They were prebendary of Exeter Cathedral in 1701, and archdeacon of Barnstaple in 1703. They were buried at Bath on 29 July 1709.  They are characterised by Anthony à Wood as "a learned man, zealous for the church of England, and very exemplary in their life and conversation."
Notable works include A Treatise of Church Government, occasion'd by some letters lately printed concerning the same subject (1692), A Discourse of Schism; addressed to those Dissenters who conformed before the Toleration and have since withdrawn themselves from the communion of the Church of England (1699), A Vindication of the “Discourse of Schism, Exeter, (1701), A Discourse of the Unity of the Church, of the Separation of the Dissenters from the Church of England, of their Setting up Churches, Exeter, (1704) and A Vindication of the Twenty-third Article of Religion (1702).
It has been said that William Burscough, Bishop of Limerick, Ardfert and Aghadoe from 1725 until 1755, was their son, but such a connection between the two men is not supported by evidence.
References
Bibliography
Alumni of The Queen's College, Oxford
Archdeacons of Barnstaple
1651 births
1709 deaths
17th-century English Anglican priests
18th-century English Anglican priests
17th-century English writers
17th-century English male writers
18th-century English writers
18th-century English male writers
People from Cartmel
2,2-Dimethylpropanoyl chloride is a branched-chain acyl chloride. It was first made by Aleksandr Butlerov in 1874 by reacting pivalic acid with phosphorus pentachloride.
Pivaloyl chloride is used as an input in the manufacture of some drugs, insecticides and herbicides.
References
Acyl chlorides
Reagents for organic chemistry
Midland Counties Railway Locomotives. In its short life, the Midland Counties Railway bought nearly fifty steam locomotives from a number of manufacturers. Initially, outside-cylindered engines were ordered because of the frequency of crank axle breakage with inside cylinders. However, one of the sub-committee delegated to order the motive power, Theodore Rathbone, was an admirer of the Bury engines used on the London and Birmingham Railway, and all further orders were for inside-cylindered locos. The initial delivery of engines had 11-inch cylinders, but, being found to be short of power, further orders were for engines with 13-inch cylinders.
Builders
Butterley Company
Butterley Company, Derbyshire
1. Ariel 2-2-2 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 11x16 (outside)
(renamed Bee in 1841)
2. Hercules 2-2-2 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18 (outside)
Ariel hauled one of the inaugural trains from Nottingham to Derby, following Sunbeam. Nevertheless, the Butterley locos would not appear to have been satisfactory, since the railway refused to pay for them until the end of 1841.
Jones, Turner and Evans
Jones, Turner and Evans, Newton-le-Willows
4. Sunbeam 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
5. Wizard 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
6. Hecate 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
Four coupled:
46. Fox 0-4-2 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 13x20
47. Rob Roy 0-4-2 (? 2-2-2) 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
Stark and Fulton
Stark and Fulton, Glasgow
3. Hawk 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
9. Vulture 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
10. Eagle 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
Edward Bury and Company
Edward Bury and Company, Liverpool
7. Lion 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
8. Tiger 2-2-0 built 1839 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
11. Leopard 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
12. Panther 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
13. Reindeer ' 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
14. Antelope 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
15. Unicorn 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
Leopard hauled the inaugural train from Nottingham to Leicester
16. Cerberus 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
17. Caliban 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
18. Basilisk 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
19. Phantom 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
35. Vizier 2-2-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
36. Vandal 2-2-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
37. Siren 2-2-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
38. Sultan 2-2-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
Four Coupled
42. Buffalo 0-4-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
43. Bloodhound 0-4-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
44. Mastiff 0-4-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
45. Mammoth 0-4-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
Nasmyth, Gaskell and Company
Nasmyth, Gaskell and Company, Patricroft
20. Lightning 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
21. Lucifer 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
22. Hurricane 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
23. Firebrand 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
24. Rainbow 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
25. Sirocco 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
39. Wolf 2-2-2 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 14x18
(presumably bought as a freight engine)
William Fairbairn & Sons
William Fairbairn & Sons, Liverpool
40. Harlequin 0-4-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
(renamed Shark in 1842/3)
41. Ganymede 0-4-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'0" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
Benjamin Hick and Sons
Benjamin Hick and Sons, Bolton
26. Dragon 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
27. Scorpion 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
28. Hornet 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
29. Wivern 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
30. Vampire 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
31. Lynx 2-2-0 built 1840 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 12x18
32. Centaur 2-2-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
33. Hydra 2-2-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
34. Harpy 2-2-0 built 1841 Driving wheels 5'6" diameter, Cylinders 13x18
Contractors locomotives
Vivid, which opened the line from Leicester to Rugby, was a contractor's locomotive.
References
The Nottingham and Derby Railway Companion, (1839) Republished 1979 with Foreword by J.B.Radford, Derbyshire Record Society
2-2-0 locomotives
2-2-2 locomotives
0-4-2 locomotives
Midland Railway locomotives
Los exitosos Pells (Spanish for "The successful Pells") is a 2008-2009 Argentine telenovela, produced by Underground Producciones and Endemol, and aired by Telefe. It started being aired on November 5, 2008, replacing Vidas Robadas at 10:30PM. After a pair of schedule changes, it returned to 10:30PM until its end on July 15, 2009.
The story is about a successful couple of TV hosts from a news channel, Martín Pells (Mike Amigorena) and Sol Casenave (Carla Peterson). In the first episode Martín Pells falls into a coma, and the CEO of the channel hires an underground actor, Gonzalo Echague (also by Amigorena), who happens to be extremely similar to Pells, to replace him. Such replacement is done not only for the TV but also with friends and relatives, in order that nobody suspects the absence of the real Pells. Gonzalo, acting as Martin, discovers that Martin and Sol had broken up long ago and were only acting as a happy couple for the television cameras. In reality, Sol had another lover which they hid from the public, and Martin had a homosexual relationship with the son of the CEO of the channel. Nevertheless, Gonzalo falls in love with Sol, and the main storyline of the soap opera involves their attempts to build a relationship with them
The production earned 6 Martín Fierro awards for the 2008 year. The format was brought by many other countries which produced their own versions.
In Vietnam, the series has been aired on VBC under the name Ông bà Pells (literally: Mr. & Mrs. Pells) from mid-2010.
Design
In the beginning, the provisional name for the series was "El exitoso señor Pells" ("The successful Mr. Pells"), with Mike Amigorena as Pells, who was by the time a low-profile actor. Fernán Mirás, Érica Rivas and Diego Ramos, other actors called, were also of low profile. The only famous actor was Florencia de la V, who would have played the villain of the series.
Rivas and Florencia de la V left the production. Rivas had other work offers, and the production was getting delayed a lot. Florencia de la V started to work at Showmatch, a TV show of a competing channel. The role of Florencia was taken by the actor Andrea Bonelli, while the one of Rivas was taken by Carla Peterson. Peterson was a high profile actor, who had shortly before played the main role in the successful series Lalola. With their incorporation, the name "El exitoso señor Pells" turned into "Los exitosos Pells" (changing from singular to plural).
The name of the main character, Martín Pells, is the result of an internal joke of the production: one of the camera operators was called Martín Pels (with a single "L"), and allowed Ortega to use their name in the scripts. The basic idea of the script, a news program hosted by a couple of married hosts, is freely based over Telenoche, a news program of Argentina hosted by decades by César Masceti and Mónica Cahen D'Anvers, and other TV couples as well.
Plot
Martin Pells (Mike Amigorena), an arrogant and manipulative man, is the most famous news presenter of the country. They have worked several years in the "Mega News" Channel. Marcela Nunez (Mirta Busnelli), owner of the "M Noticias" (M News) channel, competitor of Mega News, attempts to hire him, and Pells is determined to accept. Martin tells this to the owner of Mega News, Franco Andrada (Hugo Arana), leading to a heated dispute. In a moment of anger, Franco pushes Martin, who falls backward hitting their head and was knocked unconscious. Scared and worried, believing that they killed him, they left the situation to their right hand, Amanda Wedell (Andrea Bonelli) and leaves the channel.
Coincidentally, their car runs over Gonzalo Echagüe (Mike Amigorena), a poor actor and drama teacher very physically similar to Martin, who would replace Pells. Gonzalo, with their new life as Martin discovers that the Pells is a marriage only in front of cameras and the public. They learn that Martin Pells is gay, having a relation with Thomas Andrada (Diego Ramos), son of the owner of the channel, whereas Sol Pells has an affair with Diego Planes (Walter Quiroz), a Mega News journalist. Over time, Gonzalo falls in love with Sol, but is rejected by her, because of past abuses by Pells.
With the help of Amanda, Gonzalo eventually discovers that their Pells similarity is not accidental, and that they are twins separated at birth. From that point takes more dedication to their role, as they consider its duty to protect the career of their brother while they are in a coma. In particular, they attempt to reverse the image of petty and selfish than others have of Pells in the channel.
Gonzalo Echagüe, in their true self, comes to meet Sol and start a relation with them At a point of their relation they explain they are required to replace the true Martín Pells, as the true one is in a coma. But Sol does not believe it, and re-think that Martin is mocking them Further hints of the validity of the story surface later, but Sol still distrusts it due to the absence of solid evidence of Gonzalo's identity or whereabouts of the real Pells.
Meanwhile, Marcela Nuñez obtained the majority of the shares of Mega News channel, becoming their new president. Franco Andrada tries then multiple ill-fated plots to retrieve the shares, including killing them A new star of the channel, Alex (Andrea Frigerio), loses their pregnancy after being hit by Amanda, who tried to run over Nuñez. Sol, still wary of Martin, says their pregnancy is not theirs but of Diego planes.
The use of an experimental drug awakes the real Martin Pells, who suffers from partial amnesia: although they remember who they are, what is their work and the people they know, they can not remember their determination to leave Mega News prior to the accident. They do not return to their role in the newscast; instead, Franco continues to maintain the secrecy hiding him. Gonzalo realizes that the true Pells is awake and find their whereabouts, taking Sol to see him. Thus, they prove them their real identity.
Franco intended to send Tomas and the real Martin to some distant country, while Gonzalo remain with Sun to the public by pretending to be Martin Pells indefinitely. However, Martin falls back into a coma when they saw Gonzalo, characterized as him, in the TV.
Franco forbids Gonzalo to be with Sol or revealing the whole charade, and start several plots to secure their obedience. Gonzalo and Sol turn to Marcela Nuñez, and meet Sol's father. The four of them finally find the whereabouts of Martin Pells and attempt to rescue him, but Martin wakes from the coma and leaves, unaware of the conflict. Martin finally meets Gonzalo and learns the ongoing events, and they trick Franco to confess their crimes with a hidden camera at a bar, which was broadcast live.
Tomas and the real Pells leave to another country, to get married without being followed by the media, while Gonzalo stays in their role in the TV, married to Sol.
Cast
Mike Amigorena as Martín Pells and Gonzalo Echagüe
Carla Peterson as Sol Casenave
Hugo Arana as Franco Andrada
Andrea Bonelli as Amanda Wedell
Mirta Busnelli as Marcela Núñez
Diego Ramos as Tomás Andrada.
Claudia Fontán as Daniela.
Lucrecia Blanco as Lily.
Mex Urtizberea as Sergio.
Walter Quiroz as Diego Planes.
Fabián Arenillas as Ricardo.
Federico Amador as Nacho.
Diego Reinhold as Charly.
Gastón Ricaud as Juan.
Santiago Ríos as Álvaro.
Guest appearances
Pasta Dioguardi as Dr. Carlos Wedell.
María Esquivel as Marina.
Andrea Frigerio as Alex.
Hilda Bernard as Teresa.
Rafael Ferro as Esteban Paldini.
Gonzalo Urtizberea as Lic. Miranda.
Néstor Sánchez as Dr. Pignata.
Fabián Vena as Andrés.
Fernando Peña as Fernando.
Alejandro Awada as Roberto
Carlos Portaluppi as Jorge Lauda.
Florencia Peña as Lucia Naba.
Fernán Mirás as Teddy.
Catherine Fulop as Julia.
Cecilia Rossetto as Virginia.
Gerardo Chendo as Dr. Gerardo
David Chocarro as Candidato a jefe de gobierno.
References
External links
Official site
Telefe telenovelas
Television news sitcoms
Argentine LGBT-related television shows
2008 Argentine television series debuts
2009 Argentine television series endings
Television series by Endemol
2000s LGBT-related television series
Gay-related television shows
Atalanti Maria Tasouli (born 28 September 1976) is a Greek former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
References
1976 births
Living people
Greek women's basketball players
Olympic basketball players of Greece
Basketball players at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Lee Na-eun (; born May 5, 1999), also known mononymously as Naeun, is a South Korean singer and actor.  They are a former member of South Korean girl group April. Besides from their group's activities, Naeun also has roles in A-Teen (2018), A-Teen 2 (2019) and Extraordinary You (2019). They previously hosted Inkigayo alongside Jaehyun of NCT and Minhyuk of Monsta X from October 2019 to February 2021.
Early life
Lee Naeun was born on May 5, 1999, and attended School of Performing Arts Seoul.
Career
2015–2019: Debut with April and acting career
Naeun was first introduced as a member of April by DSP Media on July 21, 2015. The group debuted on August 24 with the EP Dreaming and the title track "Dream Candy" (). Naeun made their official acting debut in the VR web drama "April Love" in 2016. They also made a minor appearance in KBS2's My Father is Strange in 2017.
In 2018 it was revealed that Naeun would be taking part in the soundtrack of SBS TV's Switch alongside April member Jinsol. The track, "Stars In The Night Sky" was released on May 2, 2018. It was also announced in 2018 that Naeun would play the lead role in teen drama A-TEEN (2018) and the second season of the series in 2019. Naeun also starred in MBC's school fantasy drama Extraordinary You, based on the hit Daum webtoon July Found by Chance.
2021–present: Disbandment of April and hiatus
On June 2, 2022, Naeun signed with Namoo Actors.
Discography
Filmography
Television series
Web series
Television shows
Radio shows
Awards and nominations
Notes
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
People from Daejeon
South Korean female idols
South Korean women pop singers
21st-century South Korean singers
South Korean dance musicians
April (girl group) members
21st-century South Korean women singers
South Korean television actores
South Korean television personalities
South Korean web series actores
21st-century South Korean actores
DSP Media artists
School of Performing Arts Seoul alumni
Microcystis is a genus of freshwater cyanobacteria that includes the harmful algal bloom-forming Microcystis aeruginosa. Many members of a Microcystis community can produce neurotoxins and hepatotoxins, such as microcystin and cyanopeptolin. Communities are often a mix of toxin-producing and nonproducing isolates.
Etymology
The genus Microcystis derives from the Greek mikros (small) + kystis (bladder)
Physical characteristics
As the etymological derivation implies, Microcystis is characterized by small cells (a few micrometers in diameter), possessing gas-filled vesicles (also lacking individual sheaths). The cells are usually organized into colonies (aggregations of which are visible with the naked eye) that begin in a spherical shape, losing coherence to become perforated or irregularly shaped over time. These colonies are bound by a thick mucilage composed of complex polysaccharide compounds, including xylose, mannose, glucose, fucose, galactose, and rhamnose, among other compounds.
The coloration of the protoplast is a light blue-green, appearing dark or brown due to optical effects of gas-filled vesicles.
Ecology
Microcystis is capable of producing large surface blooms through a combination of rapid division and buoyancy regulation by production of gas-filled vesicles. In nature, Microcystis can exist as single cells or in large colonies containing many cells. Their ability to regulate buoyancy is one of the keys to their dominance of eutrophic waters, by optimally positioning themselves within the photic zone in a stable water column.
Because they can form large surface blooms, they are thought to be able to outcompete other phytoplankton by monopolizing light in the photic zone.
Microcystis spp. are also capable of efficient uptake of phosphate and nitrogen; they are believed to be strongly influenced by nitrogen to phosphorus ratios (N:P ratio). Microcystis cells are also efficient at assimilating carbon from their environment; during large blooms, rampant photosynthesis can drive the pH of communities to < 9.0. Recent efforts have suggested a combination of effective carbon-concentrating mechanisms and a potential ability to use urea as both a carbon and nitrogen source allows Microcystis to persist under these high-pH conditions.
In South Africa, Hartebeestpoort Dam is highly impacted by Microcystis because of elevated phosphate and nitrate levels flowing from the sewers of Johannesburg, one of the few cities in the world that straddles a continental watershed divide, so lies upstream of major dams and rivers.
In North America, Microcystis blooms have caused issues in numerous freshwater systems over the last two decades. These include large lakes (Erie, Okeechobee) and small regional water masses like Ohio's Grand Lake St Marys. In 2014, detection of the microcystin toxin in treated water of Toledo (OH) resulted in a shutdown of the water supply to more than 400,000 residents. The breakthrough of the toxin in the system was linked to the presence of a virus that lysed cells and released the toxin out of particles into the dissolved phase.
Health risks
Cyanobacteria can produce neurotoxins and hepatotoxins, such as microcystin and cyanopeptolin. Microcystis has also been reported to produce a compound (or compounds) that can have endocrine-disrupting effects. In 2018, the Great Lakes Center for Fresh Waters and Human Health was founded at Bowling Green State University (OH) with a focus on problems associated with Microcystis blooms in the Laurentian Great Lakes. Under the leadership of inaugural director George S. Bullerjahn, the center engages scientists from nine institutions across six states, and is supported by combined funding from the National Science Foundation and National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences.
Species
Microcystis species include:
Microcystis aeruginosa
Microcystis argentea
Microcystis botrys
Microcystis elongata
Microcystis flos-aquae
Microcystis holsatica
Microcystis lutescens
Microcystis marina
Microcystis pallida
Microcystis panniformis
Microcystis salina
Microcystis thermalis
Microcystis viridis
Microcystis wesenbergii
See also
Pandorina (Analogy)
References
Chroococcales
Cyanobacteria genera
Ecaterina Sergeyevna Visnevscaia or Ekaterina Vishnevskaya (; born 27 November 1999) is a Russian-Moldovan tennis player. They represented Russia from 2016 to 2021, until they gained Moldovan citizenship in 2022.
Visnevscaia has won one singles and four doubles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit. On 22 October 2018, they reached their best singles ranking of world No. 523. On 1 October 2018, they peaked at No. 477 in the doubles rankings.
Visnevscaia made their Fed Cup debut for Moldova in 2022.
ITF Circuit finals
Singles: 3 (1 titles, 2 runners-up)
Doubles: 8 (4 titles, 4 runner–ups)
Fed Cup participation
Doubles: 1 (1–0)
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Russian female tennis players
Moldovan female tennis players
Moldovan people of Russian descent
Naturalised citizens of Moldova
Peter Terrell Loftin (March 1, 1958 – November 16, 2019) was an American telecom entrepreneur who founded Business Telecom, Inc. (BTI) when they were only 25 years old and built it up to a multimillion-dollar company that was eventually merged with Deltacom (now EarthLink).
Loftin, age 61, died at their home in North Miami Beach, Florida on November 16, 2019. Peter was born in Denton, North Carolina and grew up in New Bern, North Carolina where they attended school and played basketball for their high school team. They later attended North Carolina State University.
Career
In 1983 Loftin founded Raleigh, NC based Business Telecom, Inc. (BTI). In 1999, independent research group New Paradigm Resources ranked BTI seventh nationally among competitive local exchange carriers and BTI was considered one of the nation's top fifteen telecommunications companies, with over 60,000 customers and 600 employees.
Loftin served as Chairman of the Board of BTI whose board members included Paul J. Rizzo, former Vice-Chairman of IBM, and the former Dean of the University of North Carolina's Kenan-Flagler Business School.
In 1997 BTI agreed to donate $3.1 million to Raleigh's Performing Arts Center, with Raleigh Mayor Tom Fetzer stated that this was the largest private donation made to the city of Raleigh arts program at the time and that "Pete Loftin was the only one that showed interest" in helping fund the project. The city council voted to name the center after BTI, naming it the BTI Center for the Performing Arts. In 2005, it was renamed Progress Energy Center for the Performing Arts after Progress Energy agreed to donate $7.5 million over the course of 20 years.
Business North Carolina Magazine named Loftin “North Carolina Entrepreneur of the Year”. In addition, NCEITA, the North Carolina Electronics and Information Technologies Association, awarded them and BTI the “Corporate Citizen of the Year Award” for providing free Internet services to the disabled in rural schools throughout North Carolina. They were then recognized for their contribution by the then Governor of North Carolina, James B. Hunt.
After selling a portion of BTI, Loftin's involvement in the arts encouraged their purchase of Casa Casuarina in 2000. Since owning Casa Casuarina they have restored it and turned it into a high-end boutique hotel and club as well as a luxurious residential property. Casa Casuarina is the former Miami Beach Mansion of Gianni Versace, who lived in the home from 1993 until their death in 1997. The home was built in 1930. Loftin sold the home in 2013.
In 2016, Loftin founded the largest new whiskey distillery in the United States. Bardstown Bourbon is the first-of-its-kind Collaborative Whiskey, Bourbon, and Rye Distilling Program located in Bardstown, Kentucky. Constellation Brands acquired a minority stake in the company in 2016.
References
https://www.bizjournals.com/triangle/news/2019/11/18/tbj-plus-founder-of-raleighs-bti-dies-downtown.html
1958 births
2019 deaths
American businesspeople
People from Denton, North Carolina
Asiophlugis is a genus of Asian bush crickets belonging to the tribe Phlugidini, of the subfamily Meconematinae.
The known distribution of Asiophlugis is Malesia (including Sulawesi and the Philippines) and Indo-China (but there are no Vietnam records).
Species
The Orthoptera Species File lists:
Asiophlugis bintulu Gorochov, 2019
Asiophlugis borneoensis (Jin, 1993)
Asiophlugis cercalis Gorochov, 2012
Asiophlugis dubia (Karny, 1907)
Asiophlugis kubah Gorochov, 2012
Asiophlugis legitima Gorochov, 2019
Asiophlugis lobata Gorochov, 2019
Asiophlugis longiuncus Gorochov, 2013
Asiophlugis malacca Gorochov, 1998
Asiophlugis paracercalis Gorochov, 2019
Asiophlugis philippina (Jin, 1993)
Asiophlugis rete Gorochov, 1998 - type species (locality: Taman Negara National Park, Pahang)
Asiophlugis sulawesi (Jin, 1993)
Asiophlugis temasek Gorochov & Tan, 2011
Asiophlugis thaumasia (Hebard, 1922)
Asiophlugis trusmadi Gorochov, 2011
References
External links
Tettigoniidae genera
Meconematinae
Orthoptera of Asia
These are the results of the men's 76 kg competition in weightlifting at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. A total of 24 athletes entered this event.
Results
Each weightlifter had three attempts for both the snatch and clean and jerk lifting methods. The total of the best successful lift of each method was used to determine the final rankings and medal winners.
References
Sources
076
Garfield Historic District may refer to:
Garfield Historic District (Phoenix), Arizona, National Register of Historic Places listings in Phoenix, Arizona
Garfield Street Historic District, Cambridge, Massachusetts
Garfield Historic District (Poplar Bluff, Missouri), National Register of Historic Places listings in Butler County, Missouri
Garfield Place Historic District, Poughkeepsie, New York
See also
Garfield House (disambiguation)
Garfield Building (disambiguation)
Garfield Park (disambiguation)
Garfield Library (disambiguation)
Garfield School (disambiguation)
was the lead vessel in the of medium-sized minelayers of the Imperial Japanese Navy, which was in service during World War II. They were designed as an improved version of anti-submarine netlayer. However, during the Pacific War, due to the critical shortage of escort patrol ships, they were fitted with depth charge racks, their minelaying rails were removed, and they were used primarily for convoy escort duties.
They were sunk in action by , losing 70 men.
Background
Under the Maru-3 Supplemental Naval Amaments Budget of 1937, the Imperial Japanese Navy authorized two vessels of a new class of minelayer (Project number H12) primarily for coastal duties. The new vessel was designed to carry either 100 Type 5 naval mines, or to function as a netlayer based on design features developed through operational experience with Shirataka.
Hatsutaka was launched by the Harima Shipyard near Kobe on 28 April 1939, and was commissioned into service on 31 October 1939.
Operational history
After commissioning, Hatsutaka was assigned to the IJN 1st Fleet's Second Base Force, but was reassigned to the IJN 3rd Fleet in April 1941, and to the Southwest Area Fleet's First Southern Expeditionary Fleet's Ninth Base Force based at Camranh Bay, French Indochina in October 1941.
After the attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941, Hatsutaka was assigned to ”Operation T”, (the invasion of Sumatra), escorting 11 transports with the IJA 229th Infantry Regiment from French Indochina to Bangka and Palembang on 11 February, and the Imperial Guards Division from Singapore to northern Sumatra on 10 March. This mission was followed by ”Operation D” (the invasion of the Andaman Islands at the end of March, with Hatsutaka escorting a convoy from Singapore to Port Blair and Rangoon in Burma. Hatsutaka spent the remainder of 1942 and first half of 1943 based at Ambon in the Netherlands East Indies, operating between Ambon and Makassar.
On 15 July 1943 Hatsutaka rendezvoused with German submarine U-511, carrying Vice Admiral Nomura Naokuni, Japan's representative to the Axis Tripartite Commission in Berlin since 1941, and Major Sugita Tamotsu of the IJA Medical Service, Dr. Ernst Wörmann, ambassador to Wang Jingwei's pro-Japanese Reorganized National Government of China and Martin Spahn, leader-designee of the NSDAP (Nazi) party in Japan and three engineers from U-boat builder AG Weser at Bremen Hatsutaka escorted the German submarine to Penang. For the remainder of 1943 and first half of 1944, Hatsutaka operated along the Sumatra coast between Padang, Medan, and Sabang.
On 19 April 1944 Hatsutaka was at Sabang when raided as part of Operation Cockpit, the first combined operation between the Royal Navy, Royal Australian Navy, French Navy, Royal Netherlands Navy, Royal New Zealand Navy, and United States Navy. Forty-six bombers (17 British, 29 American) and 37 fighters (13 British, 24 American) from and raided Sabang, lightly damaging Hatsutaka, killing three crewmen and wounding five others. Hatsutaka was repaired at Singapore, and subsequently performed escort patrol duties between Singapore and Port Blair. On 3 August 1944, Hatsutaka struck a mine laid by and was damaged.
Lieutenant Commander Ozaki Sakan assumed command of the Hatsutaka in October, 1944. On 13 January 1945 Hatsutaka participated in a 14-hour attack on with three other ships that rendered HMS Strongbow unfit for further service.
On 2 May 1945 Hatsutaka was escorting a tanker when attacked by and . At 2249, Hatsutaka detected Baya with their Type 22 radar and began closing. 2305, Baya fired two torpedoes at Hatsutaka, with both missing. At 2307, Hatsutaka opened fire on Baya with "20mm, 40mm, and 2 or 3 4.7-inch guns at a range of 1100 yards." and noted at 2308 that "Jap gunnery poor but plenty of it. Tracers passing down both sides of the periscope shears and overhead. 4.7 inch appeared to be both common and fused, as it was ricochetting [sic] alongside and over the stern as well as bursting overhead which was thought at first to be starshells." At 2309, Baya fired another three torpedoes, with Hatsutaka combing the tracks. When Hatsutaka turned on the searchlight at 2320, Baya submerged and fired another torpedo at her, missing again. At 2325, when Baya surfaced, they secured the searchlight and again commenced firing on Baya and dropped six depth charges at 2329, shaking Baya violently. At 2333, the range opened and Baya informed Lagarto that they had been driven off by the escort's gunfire. Baya noted that "It is nothing short of a miracle that we came through so much gunfire without a single hit. Their deflection was as consistently on as their range was off."
Lagarto made contact with the convoy in a submerged attack at 1400 on 3 May. Japanese records indicate that Hatsutaka depth charged and sank Lagarto on 3 May. On 3 May at 2215 Baya again attempted to attack the convoy, but their own 10 cm radar was detected, alerting the convoy, which commenced evasive maneuvers. At 0011 on 4 May Baya fired six torpedoes, with no hits. At 0013, the convoy turned away, with Hatsutaka chasing Baya as they tried to get in another position to attack.
On 14 May Hatsutaka was escorting Tottori Maru. At 0737, fired five torpedoes at a ship misidentified as "Yaeyama", but missed. At 0745, Hatsutaka dropped six depth charges, followed by four more at 0755. At 1147, Hatsutaka sighted the periscope of Cobia, and launched nine depth charge runs, causing severe damage." At 1430, attacked Tottori Maru, but they evaded three torpedoes, and later that night at 2300, when Hammerhead was trying to get another shot in on Tottori Maru, Hatsutaka was always in the way. At 0021 on 15 May Hatsutaka opened fire on Hammerhead, scoring several near misses. Hatsutaka then returned to Singapore.
At 0523 on 16 May in rainy weather, fired six torpedoes at Hatsutaka, two of which hit, flooding their engine room. At 1044, Hawkbill fired three more torpedoes. Hatsutaka opened fire, but one torpedo struck amidships, causing an explosion, which broke them in half. Hatsutaka sank at at 11:15, with 70 crewmen killed in action.
Hatsutaka was removed from the navy list on 10 August 1945.
Wreckage
On March 28, 2008 northwest of Pulau Tenggol, Malaysia a team of divers located Hatsutaka about one kilometer off shore.
References
Notes
Books
External links
Minelayers of the Imperial Japanese Navy
World War II mine warfare vessels of Japan
Ships built by IHI Corporation
Ships sunk by American submarines
1939 ships
Maritime incidents in May 1945
World War II shipwrecks in the South China Sea
Luis Rodolfo Ojeda Alva (born November 28, 1982) is a Peruvian football midfielder from the district of Chancay in Huaral, Peru.  They are currently a free agent.
Club career
From 2007-2008, Ojeda played in Atlético Minero along with their brother Román Ojeda in the Peruvian First Division. In 2009, they transferred, along with their brother to Sporting Cristal.
References
External links
1982 births
Living people
People from Lima Region
Association football midfielders
Peruvian footballers
C.D. Bella Esperanza footballers
Olímpico Somos Perú footballers
Universidad Técnica de Cajamarca footballers
Sporting Cristal footballers
Colegio Nacional Iquitos footballers
Sport Boys footballers
Cienciano footballers
Peruvian Segunda División players
Peruvian Primera División players
Henry Kaye Bonney D.D. (22 May 1780 – 24 December 1862) was an English churchman, photographer and author.
Life
Bonney was born on 22 May 1780, the son of Henry Kaye Bonney, rector of Kings Cliffe, Northamptonshire, and prebendary of Lincoln, at Tansor, Northamptonshire, the parish of which their father was then rector. Their brother Thomas was also a priest, who later became Archdeacon of Leicester. Their father's family friend, John Fane, 10th Earl of Westmorland, procured a foundation scholarship for them at Charterhouse School, where they obtained an exhibition, afterwards going on to study at Emmanuel College, Cambridge. Having been elected to one of the Tancred divinity studentships, they migrated to Christ's College. They graduated as B.A. in 1802, M.A. in 1805, and D.D. in 1824.
They were ordained deacon in 1803 and priest in 1804, with a charge at Thurlby, in Lincolnshire. After a few months they went to live with their parents at King's Cliffe, and undertook the parishes of Ketton and Tixover with Duddington. On 8 January 1807 they were collated by Bishop George Pretyman Tomline to the prebend of Nassington in Lincoln Cathedral. They were subsequently presented by the Earl of Westmorland to the rectory of King's Cliffe, in succession to their father, who had died of paralysis 20 March 1810.
In 1820 they were appointed examining chaplain to George Pelham, the new bishop of Lincoln; and was collated by Pelham, 10 December 1821, to the archdeaconry of Bedford. An order in council, 19 April 1837, transferred it from the diocese of Lincoln to the diocese of Ely. In 1827, Bonney was appointed to the deanery of Stamford by their close friend John Kaye, Bishop of Lincoln, and was advanced by Kaye, 22 February 1845, from the archdeaconry of Bedford to that of Lincoln, of which, soon after their appointment, they made a parochial visitation, and wrote an accurate account of every church under their supervision. As an archdeacon Bonney was indefatigable.
In the early part of 1858 they were seized with paralysis, and never entirely recovered. They died at the rectory-house at King's Cliffe on 24 December 1862, and was buried in their wife's grave in the churchyard of Cliffe, where they had contributed to the restoration of the church.
Works
In 1815 Bonney published a biography of the 17th-century cleric and author Jeremy Taylor, with a dedication to the Earl of Westmorland. In 1821 they dedicated to Lady Cicely Georgiana Fane their Historic Notices in reference to Fotheringay, Oundle.
Bonney published the Sermons and Charges of Thomas Fanshaw Middleton, Bishop of Calcutta, with Memoirs of their Life, in 1824. They published their own charges to the clergy of the archdeaconry of Bedford for the years 1823, 1843, and 1844, and charges delivered to the clergy and churchwardens of the archdeaconry of Lincoln at the visitations of 1850, 1854, and 1856. In 1846 they also contributed a sermon, "Sacred Music and Psalmody considered", originally preached in Lincoln Cathedral, to the third volume of Practical Sermons by Dignitaries and other Clergymen of the United Church of England and Ireland.
Visitation records
Bonney's visitation notebooks of churches in the Deanery of Bedford 1823–39, and associated historical notes of c.1840, are published, along with near contemporary notes and descriptions by John Martin and Sir Stephen Glynne, and relevant archival records, in the following volumes:
Family
On 15 May 1827 they married Charlotte, the fourth daughter of John Perry, who, after a childless union of nearly twenty-four years, died at King's Cliffe 26 December 1850.
References
Attribution
1780 births
1862 deaths
People educated at Charterhouse School
19th-century English Anglican priests
Archdeacons of Bedford
Archdeacons of Lincoln
People from Tansor
Immanuel Alm (1767–1809) was a Finnish painter.
Alm's father Johan Alm was also a painter. They both worked on religious-themed paintings, including altarpieces such as one at the church in Kaustinen. The National Museum of Finland also has some of their works.
References
Some of this material was translated from the Finnish Wikipedia article
Z. Schalin: Om Nykarleby kyrkas bildskrud, mälarena D. Hjulström samt J. och E. Alm Suomen museolehti 76, 108, 1907, 1
1767 births
1809 deaths
18th-century Finnish painters
Finnish male painters
19th-century Finnish painters
19th-century Finnish male artists
Embarrassing Bodies (formerly Embarrassing Illnesses) is a British BAFTA Award-winning medical reality television programme broadcast by Channel 4 and made by Maverick Television since 2007. In 2011, an hour-long live show was introduced, "Embarrassing Bodies: Live from the Clinic", which makes use of Skype technology. Various spin-offs have been produced in relation to the programme to target different patients, such as Embarrassing Fat Bodies and Embarrassing Teenage Bodies. The series' basic premise involves members of the public with a wide variety of medical conditions consulting the show's doctors for advice; in some cases, cosmetic or corrective surgery has been offered and undertaken to treat patients with more severe or noticeable ailments.
The programme's consultant is UK Registered Psychologist and Cognitive Behavioral Therapist Rebecca Spelman The Commissioning Editors were Adam Gee and Kate Teckman.
The show was revived in 2022, with the new series debuted on 19 May 2022 featuring a new cast of doctors.
Format
Throughout its numerous series, Embarrassing Bodies has set out to aid people who have a variety of medical issues. These issues tend to be taboo or misunderstood. With the help of its patients and the diagnoses of its doctors, the show tries to make common medical issues—especially those that are "embarrassing" or sexual—understood, and to debunk myths surrounding them. The programme's method of tackling these issues has caused great success and has attracted large numbers of people to its website.
Presenters
Numerous specialist doctors have appeared regularly throughout the show, such as Asim Shahmalak who appeared on the show to talk about and demonstrate their hair transplant techniques. Mr Shaw Somers, a specialist gastrointestinal and bariatric surgeon, would regularly discuss obesity and also perform surgery on patients with obesity-related diseases during Embarrassing Bodies as well as Embarrassing Fat Bodies.
Series
As the show grew in popularity, Embarrassing Bodies created a common theme throughout some of its series, dedicating whole series to a certain group of society, such as children, overweight people and teenagers. Series 3 saw the return of the mobile clinic, a common setting for the show. It also saw the beginning of Embarrassing Bodies: Back to the Clinic, which would see ex-patients from the series returning to the clinic to discuss how life has been since their last visit. Series 4 started with a special episode, which saw the team based in Spain.
The fourteenth episode of Series 5 saw a one-hour live special, during which patients would send in pictures or videos via email, social media or Skype and specialist doctors would try to diagnose the issue and then follow up the patients. The final episode of Series 6 was dedicated to cancer and was entitled Stand Up to Cancer. Series 7 consisted of three specials named The Man With Half a Face, Penis Special and The 36-Stone Woman.
Main series
Specials
Although specials are considered series in their own right, they tended to be intertwined with the main series.
Awards
EB has won two BAFTA awards:
2009 Award for Interactivity Online
2010 Award for Interactive Creative Contribution
EB was nominated for the 2013 National Television Award for Factual Entertainment.
Embarrassing Bodies: Live from the Clinic
In May 2011, a spin-off series, Embarrassing Bodies: Live from the Clinic (titled Diagnosis Live from the Clinic in pre-publicity and the first episode) launched, enabling viewers to appear via webcams and Skype. The programme was presented by Christian Jessen and Dawn Harper, with additional narration and reports from Pixie McKenna. These episodes consist of approximately 47 minutes.
International versions
Embarrassing Bodies Down Under
In October 2013, an Australian version of the show was launched on LifeStyle You. The show's first series comprised eight episodes, which were hosted by doctors Ginni Mansberg, Brad McKay, and Sam Hay. The show's layout is similar to its British counterpart and focuses on the health issues of various Australian citizens.
In 2015 the show was broadcast on the Nine Network.
Dit is mijn lijf
A Dutch spin-off version of the show called Dit is mijn lijf ("This is my body") was broadcast on RTL4 from 26 October 2011 and ran for three series. In the Netherlands, the British version was aired on RTL5 under the title of Gênante Lijven ("Embarrassing Bodies").
Я соромлюсь свого тіла
A Ukrainian spinoff of the show called Я соромлюсь свого тіла ("I'm ashamed of my body") has been broadcast on STB since 6 March 2014.
Я стесняюсь своего тела
Russian TV channel U, which broadcast the Ukrainian version of the show, made the Russian adaptation in 2019. The Russian name of the show is Я стесняюсь своего тела ("I'm ashamed of my body").
Reception
Channel 4 aired a version of the series where Dawn Harper went to Thailand and provided information on how to stay healthy while abroad. Christopher Hooton of Metro said that it provided some "incredibly sensible tips on staying healthy while travelling".
References
External links
Embarrassing Bodies: Kids at Channel 4
Embarrassing Bodies at ninemsn
2007 British television series debuts
2015 British television series endings
2000s British medical television series
2010s British medical television series
Channel 4 original programming
Television shows about diseases and disorders
Television series by All3Media
English-language television shows
The spying on the family members of the sailors of the ARA San Juan was a series of events happened in Argentina that consisted in the illegal spying and monitoring of people who were relatives of the crew members who died due to the sinking of the Argentine Navy submarine on November 15, 2017, carried out by agents of the Federal Intelligence Agency (AFI). The facts have been considered a priori as a crime by the Argentine justice system, which proceeded to open the investigation under the direction of Judge Martín Bava of the city of Dolores, Argentina. High-ranking Argentine State authorities have been charged in the case, among them the then President Mauricio Macri, the former heads of the AFI Gustavo Arribas and Silvia Majdalani and the former head of the Mar del Plata Naval Base, from which the sunken submarine was based.
On November 15, 2017 the submarine ARA San Juan (S-42) of the Argentine Navy disappeared in the Atlantic Ocean, with 38 crew members and 6 tactical divers on board. After one year and two days the ship was found by a private company at a depth of , with all its crew dead and very close to the point of disappearance, in a place that the Navy had already known about twenty days before. The sinking and post-disappearance searches were marred by suspicions, irregularities, negligence, late or contradictory reports, infighting, espionage and conflicts with the sailors' families, who demanded information, participation in the investigations and respect for the sailors killed in service.
On July 18, 2019, the Bicameral Commission for the Investigation of the Disappearance of the ARA San Juan Submarine presented its final report on the case. The report had the unanimity of the twelve legislators of the commission, except for the chapter referred to the responsibility, in which the opposition majority (seven legislators) and the pro-government minority (four deputies), prepared different reports. The majority opinion concluded that "there was a clear political and administrative responsibility" of the Mauricio Macri government, especially of the Minister of Defense Oscar Aguad and their closest officials, both in the operational and budgetary aspects, as well as in the concealment of information and the "neglect" of the family members. The minority opinion did not find fault under the responsibility of political officials.
In 2020, three hard drives were found in the offices of the Federal Intelligence Agency (AFI) with documentation referring to the spying and monitoring by agents of that agency on relatives of the victims of the ARA San Juan, carried out between December 2017 and the end of 2018. The AFI found no evidence that such operations had been legally authorized, which is why it reported the fact to the authorities at the end of September 2020.
The following facts are mentioned in the official documents that were found:
A first report on relatives of the ARA San Juan, produced on December 28, 2017.
Monitoring of the sister of one crewmember on January 15, 2018, at a mass at the Mar del Plata Naval Base.
Infiltration of agents in a group of family members who presented a complaint to the Deliberating Council of General Pueyrredón.
A report dated February 3, 2018 details the monitoring of four women who were partners of the submariners, to find out what would be their approaches in the meeting with then President Macri.
On February 10, 2018, secret agents followed a mother and a group of family members who showed up at the presidential residence in Chapadmalal to drop off a letter to the president. On April 2, 2018, photographs were taken of a sister and a companion of a submariner who went to the Golf Club of Mar del Plata to talk to President Macri, and collected personal information about them on social media. On November 15, 2018, undercover AFI agents followed and photographed those who showed up at the Mar del Plata Naval Base on the one-year anniversary of the sinking.
The official documents record at least ten other occasions on which follow-ups took place, detailed in 22 reports.
The criminal judicial investigation was conducted by Judge Martín Bava, head of Federal Court No. 2 of Azul, who is in charge of the vacant Federal Court of First Instance of Dolores, where the case is being handled.
On October 1, 2021, Judge Bava indicted (semi-full proof of guilt) the former heads of the AFI, Gustavo Arribas and Silvia Majdalani, the former director of the AFI's Internal Meeting, Eduardo Winkler, the former head of the Mar del Plata base, Nicolás Iuspa Benítez, and five AFI agents.
References
Trials in Argentina
Political scandals in Argentina
Presidency of Mauricio Macri
2017 in Argentina
2017 crimes in Argentina
1958 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 52nd water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1958 in water polo
1958 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
Dora Julia Myddleton Worrall (née Dawson; 9 July 1866 – 3 October 1946), known by their pen name Julia Dawson was a British journalist, socialist, and editor of the women's section of The Clarion. As an editor, they have been highlighted as an important example of women journalists turning the traditionally domestic 'Woman's Page' to feminist ends.  They are notable for pioneering the use of the Clarion Van for spreading the ideas of socialism around Britain.
Early life and marriage
Dora Julia Dawson was born in Egerton, Kent in 1866. They married Harry Myddleton Worrall, an export merchant, in 1885 and they had one daughter, Dorothy Mary Myddleton, born that year.
Dawson began their career as a journalist, writing for YWCA publications and they were a seasoned socialist activist before they were chosen to be the editor of The Clarions women's column.
Socialism
Dawson was editor of the women's section (called 'Our Woman's Letter') of socialist newspaper The Clarion between 1895 and 1911. From its early days, the paper had included a women's column written by Eleanor Keeling and subsequently by Dawson. As editor, Dawson's concerns have been described as "immediate and practical", including "hints about more efficient housekeeping, propaganda for rational dress, appeals to women to join their nearest ILP branch, and contacts for isolated readers". Dawson also supported the provision of information on birth control, distributing Malthusian tracts to Clarion readers. Barbara Green has argued that 'Our Woman's Letter' "not only recognized the significance of domestic routine, but also argued that socialism could enliven the private arena as well as the public sphere". Green notes that alongside other contributors to socialist papers, such as Rebecca West, in carving out a space for the voice of women in the political arena, Dawson helped make "the form of the woman's column anew". Other notable women contributors to the pages of the Clarion were Margaret McMillan and Enid Stacy.
It was in The Clarions pages that, in February 1896, Dawson announced their idea to organise a Clarion Van tour and appealed for donations. The van would be horse-drawn and, manned by women, travel the country to distribute socialist literature. Open-air meetings would be held and addressed by socialist speakers. Following a good response to the appeal, the van set off on 18 June 1896, travelling from Chester through Shropshire, Cheshire, Manchester, Stockport, Yorkshire, Durham, and Northumberland. Among the speakers invited to the first tour were trade unionist Caroline Martyn (after whom the first Clarion Van was named), suffragist Ada Nield, and suffragette and trade unionist Sarah Reddish. Over the course of a fifteen-week tour, the women addressed thousands of people, and it was judged a resounding success—repeated annually. In later years, donors would include Alfred Russel Wallace. By 1907, there were six vans.
In 1901, Clarion editor Robert Blatchford wrote:
In the same editorial, Blatchford highlighted Dawson's significant role in managing the Cinderella Clubs (of which they were the first National Secretary), which aimed to provide food and entertainment to children in poverty. They were also pioneering in the Clarion Handicraft Guild, which they established in 1902. Dawson had been inspired by a letter from Godfrey Blount who enthused about the ideas of William Morris. Blount had themselves founded The Peasant Arts Society. The handicraft clubs were very successful although the quality varied considerably. The members would discuss their work via the newspaper and in 1904 there was an exhibition where 30 clubs exhibited.
In 1908, Dawson published their pamphlet Why Women Want Socialism. Hannam argued that "under socialism every woman and child would be looked after by the State. The removal of poverty would alter relationships within the family and transform the quality of domestic life".
Death and legacy
Julia Dawson died at their home in Shoreham, Sussex on 3 October 1946. The Daily Herald described them as "one of the bright spirits of the earlier days of Socialism in Britain".
References
External links
Why Women Want Socialism by Julia Dawson (1908) at the Internet Archive
1866 births
1946 deaths
19th-century British women writers
20th-century British women writers
British socialist feminists
British socialists
British women editors
British women journalists
People from Kent
The Essential UFO is the greatest hits album by UFO, released in 1992. This compilation covers the classic Michael Schenker era from 1974–79, with tracks from Phenomenon, Force It, No Heavy Petting, Lights Out, Obsession, and the live Strangers in the Night. The tracks are arranged almost completely chronologically, except the Obsession ('78) tracks are programmed before the Lights Out ('77) tracks. Every track of Strangers In The Night is included on this compilation, either in studio or live form (everything except tracks 8-10).
Track listing
All tracks are the original studio recordings unless stated otherwise.
"Doctor Doctor" (Michael Schenker, Phil Mogg) – 4:07 (from the album Phenomenon)
"Rock Bottom" (Schenker, Mogg) – 6:30 (from the album Phenomenon)
"Out in the Street" (Pete Way, Mogg) – 5:10 (from the album Force It)
"Mother Mary" (Schenker, Mogg, Way, Parker) – 3:45 (from the album Force It)
"Natural Thing" (Schenker, Mogg, Way) – 4:00 (from the album No Heavy Petting)
"I'm a Loser" (Schenker, Mogg) – 3:48 (from the album No Heavy Petting)
"Only You Can Rock Me" (Mogg, Schenker, Way) – 4:05 (from the album Obsession)
"Lookin' Out for No. 1" (Mogg, Way) – 4:32 (from the album Obsession)
"Cherry" (Mogg, Way) – 3:32 (from the album Obsession)
"Born to Lose" (Mogg, Schenker, Way) – 3:33 (from the album Obsession)
"Too Hot to Handle" (Mogg, Way) – 3:37 (from the album Lights Out)
"Lights Out" (Mogg, Andy Parker, Schenker, Way) – 4:31 (from the album Lights Out)
"Love to Love" (Mogg, Schenker) – 7:36 (from the album Lights Out)
"This Kid's" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:50 (from the live album Strangers in the Night)
"Let It Roll" (Schenker, Mogg) – 4:51 (from the live album Strangers in the Night)
"Shoot Shoot" (Schenker, Way, Parker, Mogg) – 4:05 (from the live album Strangers in the Night)
References
1992 greatest hits albums
UFO (band) compilation albums
Chrysalis Records compilation albums
Lozanj is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 340 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Mitsugu Watanabe (; Watanabe Mitsugu; 4 March 1928 – 12 June 2022) was a Japanese politician. A member of the Japanese Communist Party, they served in the House of Representatives from 1979 to 1983.
Watanabe died in Saitama Prefecture on 12 June 2022 at the age of 94.
References
1928 births
2022 deaths
Japanese Communist Party politicians
Members of the House of Representatives (Jordan)
Members of the House of Representatives from Saitama Prefecture
Chuo University alumni
Politicians from Tokyo
20th-century Japanese politicians
Hala Energia is an indoor arena in Bełchatów, Poland.
Skra Bełchatów has played its matches here since 14 August 2006. The hall is connected to the Gymnasium No. 1 in Bełchatów. The building is divided into three sectors, which allows simultaneous use of the hall by the volleyball team and local students.
External links
Official site (Polish)
Indoor arenas in Poland
Volleyball venues in Poland
Buildings and structures in Bełchatów
The 2004 Malta International Tournament (known as the Rothmans Tournament for sponsorship reasons) was the 12th edition of the Malta International Tournament. Held between 14 February and 18 February 2004, the tournament was contested by host country Malta, Estonia, Moldova and Belarus U-21.
Matches
Winner
Statistics
Goalscorers
See also
China Cup
Cyprus International Football Tournament
References
2003–04 in Maltese football
2003–04 in Moldovan football
2004 in Lithuanian football
2004
A literary circle is a small group of students who gather together to discuss a piece of literature in depth.
Famous or noteworthy examples include:
The Socrates School
The Bloomsbury Group
The Dymock Poets
The Algonquin Roundtable
The Inklings
Stratford-on-Odéon
The Factory
The El Floridita literary circle, which included Ernest Hemingway
The Mutual Admiration Society
The Whitechapel Boys
The Streatham Worthies
The Budh Sabha
See also
Literary society
References
External links
Literary circles
Literary societies
Kotenkosius is a genus of braconid wasps in the family Braconidae. There is at least one described species in Kotenkosius, K. tricarinatus, found in Indomalaya.
References
Microgastrinae
Insects described in 2018
The 4 of Us are a rock band from Newry, County Down, Northern Ireland. Of the four founding members, only brothers Brendan and Declan Murphy have remained continuously part of the group; the occupants of the other positions have varied.
History
The 4 of Us released their first album, Songs for the Tempted on CBS Records in 1989, with the single "Mary", becoming one of the most played songs on Irish radio that year. Consequently, the album went double platinum in the Republic of Ireland and won Best Album of the Year at the Irish Music Awards, defeating the internationally known act U2.
The album Man Alive followed on Sony/Columbia Records in 1992, and saw the group enter the UK charts for the first time, with the album entering the chart at No. 64, and the single, "She Hits Me" spending four weeks on the chart peaking at No. 35.
The band then lost momentum, scrapping the release of Amplifier, their proposed third album but released two singles, "Change (Amplifier Version)" and "Someone's Got to Lose" in 1997.
They did not separate however, and eventually returned to recording albums, releasing the largely acoustic-based Classified Personal on the FUTURE INC. label in 1999.
2000s
Off the Record, an album of re-recordings of the band's best known songs appeared on EMI in 2000 and included the previously unreleased songs "The Girl Next Door" and "She's So Real".
In 2003, the single "Sunlight", which would appear on the 2004 album Heaven and Earth, began to receive airplay and was voted fourth in a poll to find the 'best Irish single ever', conducted by the national radio station Today FM.
In November 2006, the band released the album Fingerprints and followed this with a live album, Live at Vicar Street in 2009.
Throughout 2010/2011 via their Facebook page, the band previewed exclusive content, including previously unreleased tracks "The Way the River Flows" and "I Guess I Wasn't Made for These Times" which was made available as a free download single for a limited period.
On 21 October 2011, Brendan confirmed via The Gerry Anderson Show on BBC Radio Ulster, that a brand-new studio album is in progress and scheduled for release in 2012. They also mentioned the possibility of a 'Best Of...' compilation in the very near future.
Declan announced on 5 December 2011 via Facebook that the previously unavailable third album Amplifier would be released as a free download on the band's official website.
On 14 August 2013, the first track "Seventy-Three" from the new album Sugar Island was premiered on the band's The4OfUsMurphyMusic YouTube channel. This was followed up on 10 September with "Hell to Pay".
On 25 March 2015, "Birds Eye View" was premiered before getting its mastered radio release on 8 April.
Solo work
In 2010, Brendan Murphy released their first solo album Walk with Me with brother Declan playing on several tracks. Via Brendan's Facebook, the non-album song "She Comes at Night" was made available as a limited free download single in May 2011 and, due to popular demand, again in November 2011.
Also via Brendan Murphy's Facebook page, two demos of "Shadow on the Sun" and "Raise the Dead Man", co-written with string arranger Kevin Malpass, were previewed.
Recognition
Man Alive was listed at one of Q magazine's Top 50 albums of 1992.
In 2009, the band were voted No. 7 in the Top Irish Bands Ever category along with U2 and Thin Lizzy on Irish television's TV3.
Discography
Albums
Songs for the Tempted | CBS (1989)
Man Alive | Sony / Columbia Records (1992, re-released Feb 1993) - UK #64
Classified Personal | Future Inc (1999)
Off the Record | EMI (2000)
Heaven and Earth | Future Inc. (2004)
Fingerprints | Future Inc./ EMI (2006)
Live at Vicar Street | Future Inc (2009)
Walk with Me | Brendan Murphy solo | Future Inc (2010)
Amplifier | Future Inc (2011) - free download via official website
Sugar Island | Future Inc (Sept 2015)
Singles
"I Just Can't Get Enough" (January 1989, IRE #18)
"Drag My Bad Name Down" (March 1989)
"Mary" (June 1989, IRE #9)
"Washington Down" / "Possessed" (November 1989, IRE #9)
"Drag My Bad Name Down (remix)" (March 1990, IRE #6, US #77)
"Mary (Remix)" (May 1990, IRE #9)
"Baby Jesus" (October 1991, IRE #3)
"Man Alive" (September 1992)
"She Hits Me" (February 1993, IRE #16, UK #35)
"I Miss You" (March 1993, UK #62)
"Change" (Amplifier version) (March 1997, IRE #23)
"Turn On" (unreleased Amplifier single, 1997)
"Someone's Got to Lose" (September 1997, IRE #30)
"Maybe It's You" (April 1999, IRE #12)
"Change (Classified Personal Version)" (July 1999)
"Volatile" (February 2000)
"Mary (Super AD Remix)" (August 2000, IRE #29)
"Sunlight" (October 2002)
"Voice on the Radio" (April 2003)
"U Make Me Feel" (July 2003)
"What's to Come" (September 2006)
"Blue" (November 2006)
"Wildflower" (January 2007)
"Sound of the Underground" - cover version, available on Even Better than the Real Thing Vol. 1 (2007)
"I Guess I Wasn't Made for These Times" - limited edition free download single (May 2011)
"She Comes at Night" | Brendan Murphy solo - limited non-album free download (May / Nov 2011)
"Birds Eye View" (April 2015 )
References
External links
The 4 of Us official website
The 4 of Us Facebook
Brendan Murphy official website
Brendan Murphy Facebook
The4OfUsTV YouTube
Official "Mary" video
[ Biography] on AllMusic
Review of Fingerprints in Hot Press
Rock music groups from Northern Ireland
Musical groups established in 1988
1988 establishments in Northern Ireland
Milica Branković (, d. 1464) was a Serbian princess and the first wife of Leonardo III Tocco, whom they married on 1 May 1463. They were a daughter of despot Lazar Branković of Serbia and Helena Palaiologina. Milica died in childbirth in 1464, while giving birth to Carlo III Tocco. Carlo III Tocco succeeded their father as titular ruler of Epirus (Arta) and Zakynthos. Them siblings were Maria, wife of King Stephen Tomašević of Bosnia and Jerina, wife of Gjon Kastrioti II.
Ancestry
References
Sources
Deaths in childbirth
1464 deaths
15th-century Serbian royalty
Milica
Tocco family
Medieval Serbian princesses
People of the Serbian Despotate
Consorts of Epirus
Medieval Serbian people of Greek descent
Clickwheel was an artist collective that published graphic novels on the video iPod, and it started in 2005. Clickwheel featured "quirky, independent ... character driven comics." The artists in the collective included Daniel Merlin Goodbrey, Eric Millikin, demian.5, Shaenon K. Garrity, Ryan North, and Tim Demeter. Demeter also served as editor. After the release of the iPhone in 2007, Clickwheel also created comics for mobile phones. Clickwheel used a mixed revenue strategy, selling advertising, selling subscriptions, and selling individual comics with an iTunes-style purchasing model.
The service was replaced with a web-based outlet that offers purchases of web-based digital subscriptions with issues that can be downloaded.
References
Artist cooperatives in the United States
American contemporary artists
Comic groups and collectives
Großlangheim is a municipality in the district of Kitzingen in Bavaria in Germany.
References
Kitzingen (district)
Gertrude of Merania ( 1185 – 28 September 1213) was Queen of Hungary as the first wife of Andrew II from 1205 until their assassination. They were regent during their husband's absence.
Life
They were the daughter of the Bavarian Count Berthold IV of Andechs, Margrave of Carniola and Istria, who had been elevated to the mostly honorific title Duke of Merania by Emperor Frederick Barbarossa, and their wife Agnes from the Saxon House of Wettin. Gertrude's elder sister was Agnes of Merania, a famous beauty, who married King Philip II of France. Them younger sister was St. Hedwig of Silesia, wife of the Piast duke Henry I the Bearded, the later High Duke of Poland. Their brothers were Otto, who inherited the title of Duke of Merania and succeeded their father in their Bavarian domains, Henry who took over the rule in Carniola and Istria, and Berthold who became a close advisor to Gertrude, and was named Archbishop of Kalocsa.
Marriage
Them parents wanted their daughters to all make important political marriages, which would create alliances for Duke Berthold IV. Gertrude married the Árpád prince Andrew II, younger son of late King Béla III of Hungary, before 1203. Andrew thereby took sides in the conflict over the German throne, joining their father-in-law in their support of Duke Philip of Swabia, while their elder brother King Emeric of Hungary backed King Otto IV of Germany.
The couple had five children:
Anna Maria of Hungary (c. 1204 – 1237), wife of Tzar Ivan Asen II of Bulgaria
King Béla IV of Hungary (1206 – 3 May 1270)
Saint Elizabeth of Hungary (1207 – 10 November 1231), wife of Landgrave Louis IV of Thuringia
King Coloman of Galicia-Lodomeria (1208 – June 1241)
Prince Andrew II of Halych (c. 1210 – 1234)
Queen
Ambitious Gertrude exerted much political influence over their husband. It was probably they who persuaded Andrew to conspire against their brother again, but when King Emeric, who had realised that Andrew's troops outnumbered their armies, went unarmed, wearing only the crown and the sceptre, to Andrew's camp near Varasd, Andrew surrendered voluntarily on the spur of the scene. The king had their brother arrested, but Andrew managed to escape shortly afterwards. During this time, Gertrude was sent back to their father. Things improved for her, when Prince Andrew took over the government of the Hungarian kingdom upon the death of King Emeric in 1204, officially as regent for their minor nephew Ladislaus III, who nevertheless died driven in exile one year later.
Regent
While the king was in battle, Gertrude gave out Hungarian land as "gifts" to their favorites. According to medieval chroniclers, one third of the country was given away but the magnates got it back after the queen's death. Thus, Hungary did not prosper. During the frequent absence of their husband, the queen was regent and, as Dietrich of Apolda states, conducted the affairs of the kingdom "like a man". In 1206 their younger brother Berthold was installed as Archbishop of Kalocsa, in 1212 they were also appointed Voivode of Transylvania.
Murder
While King Andrew was campaigning in Galicia, the Hungarian nobles, led by Peter, son of Töre decided to get rid of the queen and in 1213, on a hunt with Berthold and their guest Duke Leopold VI of Austria in the Pilis Mountains, they were killed. Gertrude's body was torn to pieces, their brother and Duke Leopold narrowly escaped with their lives. Due to the current political situation most of their murderers remained unpunished during the rule of Andrew II. Only Gertrude's son King Béla IV took revenge after their accession to the throne.
Gertrude's tomb was of a Gothic style. Them tomb was excavated between 1967 and 1980.
On Gertrude's death, Andrew married Yolanda de Courtenay.
In culture
Gertrude is the main antagonist in both József Katona's play, Bánk bán (1819), and the opera (1861) of the same name based on the play, composed by Ferenc Erkel. They are fictionalized tellings of the assassination, in which the noble men of Hungary conspire against Queen Gertrude (called Gertrudis in the play and the opera) who exploited the people of Hungary as a regent, and let them live in fear and poverty, while they themselves was throwing feasts in the royal palace and giving titles and estates to their Meranian friends and relatives. The noble men only wait for the approval of Bánk bán, the most powerful among them, who is resistant to join. However, upon learning that Otto, Gertrude's brother drugged and raped their wife, Melinda with the tacit approval of the queen, they break into the bed chamber of Gertrude at night and confronts her, which leads to a heated argument, ending in the murder of the queen.
This story is strongly fictionalized and likely very inaccurate, as there are no reliable sources on the details of the assassination. There is no proof that Gertrude was an exploitative or negligent regent, and although Bánk bán was a real historical person, there's no evidence that they were the one who murdered the queen and no records of them having a wife. Among Gertrude's brothers, it wasn't Otto, the Duke of Merania, but Berchtold, the Archbishop of Kalocs, who lived with them in Hungary and counseled them Some sources written well after the events accuse them of seducing or raping Melinda, but such accusations could not be written about a priest in 1820, when the play was first published.
The play and the opera quickly became favorites in Hungary, which was under the rule of the Austrian Habsburg dynasty, and national sentiments were strongly discouraged, while any straightforward criticism against the sovereign or the royal family was impossible because of the strict censorship rules.
References
1180s births
1213 deaths
House of Árpád
Murdered royalty
Hungarian queens consort
House of Andechs
People murdered in Hungary
Assassinated Hungarian people
13th-century women rulers
13th-century Hungarian people
13th-century Hungarian women
12th-century Hungarian people
12th-century Hungarian women
Henry Jessey or Jacie (1603 in West Rowton, Yorkshire – 1663) was one of many English Dissenters. They were a founding member of the Puritan religious sect, the Jacobites. Jessey was considered a Hebrew and a rabbinical scholar. Their active philosemitism has led them to be described as "among Israel's greatest seventeenth-century benefactors."
Life
Jessey attended the University of Cambridge from 1618–24; they were at St. John's College, Cambridge in 1622, B. A. (1623). They were ordained as an Anglican priest in 1627. They were vicar of Assington, or simply resident in the family of Brampton Gurdon and then visited New England. They were vicar of Aughton, East Riding of Yorkshire from 1633; but was deprived of their living in 1634. They were then supported by Sir Matthew Boynton, who found them places to preach.
Henry Jacob had formed a non-separatist independent faction of former Church of England members. They were Calvinist in theological practise. Contemporary scholars refer to them as: Independents, Brownist, semi-Separatist, or Puritans. John Lothropp picked up Jacob's London congregation after their death; Jessey took over, from 1637.
The church faced hostility from the authorities, and migrated to Southwark where Jessey became a preacher at St George the Martyr church and then under Cromwell, it is claimed, rector. They travelled in November 1639 to set up with William Wroth, an Independent church at Llanfaches, Monmouthshire. They were imprisoned, with members of their congregation, in August 1641. They became a Baptist in 1645, under the influence of Hanserd Knollys.
Henry Jessey also observed the seventh-day Sabbath, although they were somewhat reluctant to promulgate their views on the subject. However, in 1647 they argued that the seventh-day was "[Christ's] Sabbath which they blessed and sanctified. It has been suggested that they may have authored the anonymous "Moralitie of the Fourth Commandment" (1652). In their posthumous work, Miscellanea Sacra, or Diverse Necessary Truths (1665) Jessey asserted that believing Christians "should have respect to all the Ten Commandments of the Law." Jessey's biographer records that they kept the Sabbath in their own chamber, with only four or five more of the same mind after being convinced that the seventh day should be kept by Christians evangelically. Jessey's itinerary throughout western England contributed to the beginnings of several Sabbatarian groups.
The church developed within the Particular Baptists:
There have been some questions raised about the documentary evidence, the Stinton Repository attributed to Bernard Stinton.
In 1650, Jessey wrote The Glory of Iehudah and Israel in which they extolled the nobility of the Jews and proposed the reconciliation of Christianity and Judaism. They then played a moderating role among the political millenarians in the two years before the Whitehall Conference.
Jessey was buried in the New Churchyard, Bethlem, London, on the 8 September 1663.
The Whitehall Conference
They wrote an account of the 1655 conference at Whitehall, at which Manasseh ben Israel put a case to the Parliamentary government of Oliver Cromwell, to lift the restrictions on Jews living in England. They were in correspondence with Manasseh, was an enthusiastic student of Hebrew and Aramaic and philo-Semite. In lobbying for the rights of the Jews to official readmission to the country, and in high expectations from this, Jessey was an associate of John Dury and Nathaniel Holmes. In 1658 Jessey composed a work entitled An Information Concerning the Present State of the Jewish Nation in Europe and Judea. They both advocated the conversion of the Jews and treating them with kindness, and believed God's special concern for them. The pamphlet also expresses concern for the trials of the Jews in Palestine, specifically the suffering from the lack of donations following the Khmelnytsky Uprising which had led to a decrease in the Jewish population in Eastern Europe and a subsequent loss of donations. As well as raising money for the impoverished Jews of Palestine, Jessey was also well acquainted with two of the key figures disseminating information throughout Europe about the Jewish millenarian prophet Sabbatai Zevi.
Bibliography
Primary sources
Ames, William 1576-1633. The relation of church and state [n.d.], in The Reformation of the Church, Murray, I. H. (ed.) [1965]
__. De Conscientia et ejus vel casibus (1630)
__. Conscience with the power and cases thereof. (Tr. out of Latine) (1639) [STC 552]
Bilson, Thomas, 1546-7?-1616. The effect of certaine sermons, touching the full redemption of humankind (1599) [STC 3064]
__. Perpetual government of Christes Church
Bradshaw, William, 1571-1618. A treatise of divine worship, tending to prove that the ceremonies imposed vpon the ministers of the Gospell in England, in the present controversie, are in their vse vnlawfull (1604) [STC 3528]
__. A Protestation of the King's Supremacie (1605) [STC 3525]
Cosin, Richard, 1549?-1597. Answer to the two first and principall treatises of a certain faction libel, put foorth latelie, without name of author or printer, and without approbation by authoritie, ...
Dickinson, Edmund, 1624-1707. Delphi phoenicizantes, sive Tractatus, in quo Graecos, quicquid apud Delphos celebre erat: ... (1655) [EEb, 1641–1700 ; 528:19]
Downame, George, d. 1634. Defence of the sermon preached at the consecration of the L. Bishop of Bath and Welles [1613]
Featley, Daniel. The Dippers Dipt (1645)
Fenner, Dudley, 1558?-1587 A counter-poyson, modestly written for the time, to make aunswere to the obiections and reproaches, wherein the aunswere to the Abstract, would disgrace the holy discipline of Christ [1584] [EEb, 1475-1460; 224:8] [STC (2nd ed.) 10770] [ESTCS101936]
Howard, Luke., A Looking-Glass for Baptists (1672)
Jacob, Henry, 1563-1624.
__. A treatise of the sufferings and victory of Christ, in then work of our redemption declaring by the Scriptures these two questions, ... (1598) [EEb, 1475–1640; 936:16][STC 14340] [ESCTS107530]
__. A Defence of the Chvrches and Ministry of Englande. Written in two treatises, against the reasons and objections of Maister Francis Iohnson. and others of the separation commonly called Brownists, ... (1599) [EEb, 1475–1640; 251:2][STC 14335] [ESTCS107526]
__. A short treatise concerning the trvenes of a pastoral calling in pastors made by prelates ... (1599)
__. A defence of a treatise touching the sufferings and victorie of Christ in the worke of our redemption. ... (1600) [EEb, 1475–1640; 936:15][STC (2nd ed.)14333] [ESTCS103093]
__. [Another. ed.] (1600) [STC 14334]
__. Reasons taken ovt of Gods Word and the best humane Testimonies proving a necessitie of reforming ovr churches in England ... (1603) [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:9][STC 14338] [ESTCS120955]
__. [Another ed.] (1909)
__. Principles and Foundations of the Christian Religion
__. A Third Humble Supplication of many faithful subjects in England falsely called Puritans directed to the King's Majesty (1605)
__. A Christian and Modest Offer of a Most Indifferent Conference or dispvtation, abovt the Maine and principall coutroversies betwixt the prelate, and the late silenced and deprived ministers in England (1606) [EEb, 1475–1640; 1145:3] [STC 14329] [ESTCS120767]
__. .To the High and mightie Prince, Iames by the grace of God, King of great Britannie, France, and Irelande ... : An Humble Supplication for Toleration and Libertie to Enjoy and Observe the Ordinances of Christ Jesus in th' administration of Their Churches in Lieu of Human Constitutions (1609)
__. [Another ed.] (1975)
__. An humble Supplication for Toleration (1609)
__. Divine Beginnings and Institutions of Christ true Visible ... Church, (1610)
__. [The divine beginning of Christs church] (1610) [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:7] [STC 14336] [ESTCS101363]
__. A plaine and cleere Exposition of the Second Commandement (1610) [STC 14337]
__. A declaration and plainer opening of certaine pointes in the divine beginning of Christes true Church (1611) [STC 14331]
__. A declaration and plainer opening of certaine points, with a sound confirmation of some other, contained in a teatise intituled, The divine beginning and institution of Christes true visible and ministerial church (1612) [EEb, 1475–1640; 1145:4, 1549:4][STC 14332] [ESTCS102836]
__. An Attestation of many Learned godly, and famous Divines, lightes of religion, and pillars of the Gospell, justifying this doctrine, ... (1613) [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:5] [STC 14328] [ESTCS117858]
__. An Attestation of many divines that the Church-government ought to bee alwayes with the peoples free consent (1613)
__. [Another ed.] (1975)
__. Anno Domini 1616. A Confession and Protestation of the Faith of certaine Christians in England [1616] [EEb, 1475–1640; 993:6] [STC 14330] [ESCTS120216]
__. Kneeling in the act of eating and drinking at the Lords table is a sinne. Proved by 8 arguments printed in the yeare. 1641. (1641) [Wing (2nd ed.) J96] [Thomason Tracts; 163:E.1102(5)][ESTCR208356]
Jessey, Henry, 1603–1663. The Scripture-almanacke, or a calculation according to the English account, and the Word of God. [1646][EEb, 1641–1700; 2380:2] [Wing (CD-ROM, 1996) A1833A] [ESTCR223971]
__. [Another ed.] 1650. The scripture-kalendar, used by the prophets and apostles, and by our Lord Jesus Christ [1650] [EEb, 1641–1700; 2322:4] [Wing A1835A] [ECTSR229487]
__. A Storehouse of Provision (1650)
__. Miscellanea sacra, or, Diverse necessary truths, now as seasonably published, as they were plainly and compendiously proved by Henry Jessey, late minister of the Gospel in London (1665) [EEb, 1641–1700; 1950:6] [Wing (2nd ed.) J695] [ESTCR216570]
__. A Looking-glass for children being a narrative of God's gracious dealings with some little children, recollectedby Henry Jessey in their lifetime [4th ed.; 1673] [EEB, 1641–1700; 2292:24] [Wing P30A] [ESTCR42778]
__. [Another ed.] (1709)[ESTCW38859]
__. "Letters to Henry Jacie", in Collections (Mass. Historical Society), 3rd ser., 1; 4th ser., 6
Johnson, Francis, 1562-1618. An answer to Maister H. Iacob their defence of the churches and ministry of England. By Francis Johnson an exile of Iesus Christ (1600) [EEb, 1475–1640; 994:11] [STC 14658] [ESTCS121679]
Killcop, Thomas, A short Treatise of Baptisme (1642)
Ormerod, Oliver, 1580?-1626. The Picture of a Puritane ; or a relation of the opinions a. practises of the Anabaptists in Germanie a. of the puritanes in England. Whereunto is annexed Puritano-papismus (1605) [STC 18851]
__. [Anr. ed.] Newly corrected and enlarged (1605) [STC 18852]
Staresmore, Sabine (fl. 1616-1647). Unlawfullnes of Reading in Prayer (1619)
Secondary sources
Brachlow, S., The Communion of Saints: Radical Puritan and Separatists Ecclesiology 1570-1625 (1988)
__. "The Elizabethan Roots of Henry Jacob's Churchmanship", Journal of Ecclesiastical History, 36 (1985)
Dodd, J. A., "The Eschatology of Praise-God Barebone", Transactions of the Congregational Historical Society, 4 (1909–10)
Hartle, R., The New Churchyard: from Moorfields marsh to Bethlem burial ground, Brokers Row and Liverpool Street, London:Crossrail (2017)
Hylson-Smith, K., The Churches in England from Elizabeth I to Elizabeth II, Vol. 1, 1558-1688 (1996)
Nuttall, G. F., Visible Saints: The Congregational Way 1640-1660 (1957)
Paul, R. S., "Henry Jacob and Seventeenth-Century Puritanism", Hartford Quarterly, 7 (1967)
Tolmie, M., The Triumph of the Saints, The Separate Churches of London, 1616-1649 (1977)
__. "The Jacob Church", in The Triumph of the Saints, The Separate Churches of London, 1616-1649 (1977)
von Rohr, J., "The Congregationalism of Henry Jacob", Transactions of the Congregational Historical Society, 19 (1962)
__. "Extra Ecclesiam Nulla Salus: An Early Congregational Version", Church History, 36 (1967)
White, B. R., "How did William Kiffin join the Baptist?", Baptist Quarterly, 23
__. "Samuel Eaton (d. 1639), Particular Baptist Pioneer", Baptist Quarterly, 24
Whitley, W. T., "Debate of Infant Baptism, 1643", Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society, 1 (1908–09)
__. "The Jacob-Jessey Church, 1616-1678", Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society, 1 (1908–09)
__."Records of the Jacob-Lathrop-Jessey Church, 1616-1641", Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society 1, (1908–09)
__. 'Rise of the Particular Baptists in London, 1633–1644, Transactions of the Baptist Historical Society 1, (1908–09)
Notes
External links
English Dissenters: Jacobites
1603 births
1663 deaths
English Dissenters
The Billboard Latin Music Awards recognize the most popular Latin music on the charts, featuring top solo performers and Latin groups in such categories as pop, rock, tropical, Mexican Regional music and Reggaeton.
New award categories in 2010 include Latin Artist of the Year and New Latin Artist of the Year. Leading the pack for most nominations this year was Tito El Bambino with a total of 18 nods followed by Wisin & Yandel with 14 nominations and Aventura with 12. Other Latin stars with multiple nods included Shakira, Paulina Rubio, Nelly Furtado, Luis Fonsi, and Banda el Recodo.
In 2010, nominees were announced on February 14 — followed by the 17th annual Billboard Latin Music Awards official broadcast, televised on Telemundo in on April 29, 2010 live from Coliseo de Puerto Rico, José Miguel Agrelot in San Juan, Puerto Rico — marking the first time ever that the awards show has taken place outside the continental US and its traditional home in Miami.
Awards
The winners are in Bold
Latin Artist of the Year
- Aventura (Premium Latin)
Latin Artist of the Year, New
- Larry Hernandez (Fonovisa)
Hot Latin Song of the Year
- Tito "El Bambino" – "El Amor" (Siente)
Hot Latin Song of the Year, Vocal Event
- Alejandro Sanz feat. Alicia Keys – "Looking for Paradise" (Warner Latina)
Hot Latin Songs Artist of the Year, Male
- Tito "El Bambino" (Siente)
Hot Latin Songs Artist of the Year, Female
Shakira (Epic/Sony Music Latin)
Hot Latin Songs Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- Aventura (Premium Latin)
Hot Latin Songs Label of the Year
- Universal Music Latino
Crossover Artist of the Year
- The Black Eyed Peas (Interscope)
Crossover Artist of the Year, Solo
- Lady GaGa (Streamline/KonLive/Cherrytree/Interscope))
Latin Album of the Year
- Aventura – "The Last" (Premium Latin)
Top Latin Albums Artist of the Year, Male
- Vicente Fernandez (Sony Music Latin)
Top Latin Albums Artist of the Year, Female
- Marisela (IM)
Top Latin Albums Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- Aventura (Premium Latin)
Top Latin Albums Label of the Year
- Universal Music Latin Entertainment
Latin Pop Airplay Song of the Year
- Luis Fonsi – "Aqui Estoy Yo" (Universal Music Latino)
Latin Pop Airplay Artist of the Year, Male
- Luis Fonsi (Universal Music Latino)
Latin Pop Airplay Artist of the Year, Female
- Paulina Rubio (Universal Music Latino)
Latin Pop Airplay Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- Aventura (Premium Latin)
Latin Pop Airplay Label of the Year
- Universal Music Latino
Latin Pop Album of the Year
- Marisela – "20 Exitos Inmortales" (IM)
Latin Pop Albums Artist of the Year, Solo
- Luis Fonsi (Universal Music Latino)
Latin Pop Albums Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- La Quinta Estacion (Sony Music Latin)
Latin Pop Albums Label of the Year
- Universal Music Latin Entertainment
Tropical Airplay Song of the Year
- Luis Enrique – "Yo No Se Mañana" (Top Stop)
Tropical Airplay Artist of the Year, Male
- Tito "El Bambino" (Siente)
Tropical Airplay Artist of the Year, Female
- Shakira (Epic/Sony Music Latin)
Tropical Airplay Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- Aventura (Premium Latin)
Tropical Airplay Label of the Year
- Sony Music Latin
Tropical Album of the Year
- Aventura – "The Last" (Premium Latin)
Tropical Albums Artist of the Year, Solo
- Luis Enrique (Top Stop)
Tropical Albums Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- Aventura (Premium Latin)
Tropical Albums Label of the Year
- Sony Music Latin
Regional Mexican Airplay Artist of the Year, Male
- Espinoza Paz (Disa/ASL)
Regional Mexican Airplay Artist of the Year, Female
- Jenni Rivera (Fonovisa)
Regional Mexican Airplay Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- La Arrolladora Banda El Limon (Disa)
Regional Mexican Airplay Label of the Year
- Disa
Regional Mexican Album of the Year
- El Trono De Mexico – "Almas Gemelas" (Fonovisa)
Regional Mexican Albums Artist of the Year, Solo
- Vicente Fernandez (Sony Music Latin)
Regional Mexican Albums Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- El Trono De Mexico (Fonovisa)
Regional Mexican Albums Label of the Year
- Universal Music Latin Entertainment
Latin Rhythm Airplay Song of the Year
- Tito "El Bambino" – "El Amor" (Siente)
Latin Rhythm Airplay Artist of the Year, Solo
- Tito "El Bambino" (Siente)
Latin Rhythm Airplay Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- Wisin & Yandel (WY/Machete Music/Universal Music Latino)
Latin Rhythm Airplay Label of the Year
- Machete
Latin Rhythm Album of the Year
- Wisin & Yandel – "La Revolucion" (WY/Machete Music)
Latin Rhythm Albums Artist of the Year, Solo
- Tito "El Bambino" (Siente/Universal Music Latino)
Latin Rhythm Albums Artist of the Year, Duo or Group
- Wisin & Yandel (WY/Machete Music)
Latin Rhythm Albums Label of the Year
- Universal Music Latin Entertainment
Latin Touring Artist of the Year
- Ricardo Arjona (Warner Latina)
Latin Digital Album of the Year
- Aventura – "The Last" (Premium Latin)
Latin Master Ringtone of the Year
- Banda El Recodo – "Te Presumo" (Fonovisa)
Latin Digital Download of the Year
- Tito "El Bambino" – "El Amor" (Siente)
Songwriter of the Year
- Isidro Chavez “Espinoza Paz” Espinoza
Publisher of the Year
- Arpa Musical, LLC, BMI
Publishing Corporation of the Year
- Sony/ATV Music
Producer of the Year
- Armando Avila
Spirit Of Hope
- Marc Anthony
Billboard Lifetime achievement award
- Los Temerarios
References
Billboard Latin Music Awards
Latin Billboard Music Awards
Latin Billboard Music Awards
Latin Billboard Music Awards
Latin Billboard Music
Romantic Blue () is a 1995 romantic drama crime thriller from Thailand. Starring the king of pop during the 1990s in Thailand Somchai Khemglad, and Suttida Kasemsan. It was once an all-time top grossing Thai movie and winner of numerous awards.
Plot
A young mechanic Mai and their educated younger brother Men fall in love with the same girl, Pom. Mai met Pom when they were working on Poms' father's car, and Men felt love at first sight when they saw Pom at school. Unfortunately, their father is sick and needs surgery. However, the hospital operation is too expensive and the brothers cannot afford the money, and even if Mai repairs 100 cars it will not be enough. Mai later is forced to get help from their criminal uncle Bo who teams Mai up with a crazy car thief. However, the thief turns out to be a real psycho and kills one of the security workers during the robbery. Mai dislikes the car thief's method and breaks the contract with him. Now the thief starts a personal manhunt against Mai and their brother.
Cast
Somchai Kemglad as Mai
Suttida Kasemsan Na Ayutthaya as Pom
Aaron Pavilai as Uncle Bo
Pramote Seangsorn as Men
Surasak Wonthai as Car Thief
Awards
Won the 1995 Thailand National Film Association Awards for: Best Motion Picture, Best Director (Rashane Limtrakul), Best Leading Actor (Somchai Kemglad), Best Leading Actress (Suttida Kasemsan Na Ayutthaya), Best Supporting Actor (Aaron Pavilai), Best Movie Script, Best Film Editing, Best Cinematography.
Won the 1995 Entertainment Correspondents Association Of Thailand's Suraswadi Awards for: Best Leading Actress (Suttida Kasemsan Na Ayutthaya), Best Cinematography, Best Motion Picture (top-grossing).
References
Listal – http://www.listal.com/viewentry/9588579
Letterbox New Zealand – http://letterboxd.com/film/romantic-blue/
Thai movies list 1995 – http://www.thaiworldview.com/tv/act.php?myChoice=1995&mySearch=5
External links
MUBI – https://mubi.com/films/romantic-blue
Thai films
Films set in Thailand
Best Picture Suphannahong National Film Award winners
Ranger Courage is a 1937 American Western film directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet, the film stars Robert Allen, Martha Tibbetts, and Walter Miller.
Cast list
Robert Allen as themselves
Martha Tibbetts as Alice
Walter Miller as Bull
Buzz Henry as Buzzy (credited as Buzzy Henry)
Bud Osborne as Steve
Robert Kortman as Toady (credited as Bob Kortman)
Harry Strang as Snaky Joe
William Gould as Harper (credited as Bill Gould)
Horace Murphy
Al Taylor
Tex Palmer
References
American Western (genre) films
1937 Western (genre) films
1937 films
American black-and-white films
1930s English-language films
Films directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet
1930s American films
George Northcroft (1869 - 1943) was a British orthodontist who is known for their contributions in the formation of the British Orthodontic Society. The society was initially formed in 1907 as British Society for the Study of Orthodontics (BSSO) and the name later changed to British Orthodontic Society. They also played an important role in formation of the Dental Act of 1921 which made dentistry a profession in Great Britain.
Life
They attended Woodhouse Grove School and The Leys School in Cambridge, England. They then received a scholarship to study dentistry at University of Michigan School of Dentistry where they obtained their degree in 1890. They then attended London School of Dental Surgery to attain a dental degree in England. They then practice for 8 years in Windsor, England. They joined British Dental Association in 1893 and in 1932 they became the President of the association.
They became member of many organizations such as Odontological Section of the Royal Society of Medicine, of the American Dental Society of Europe, and of the European Orthodontic Society. They became president of European Orthodontic Society in 1927. They also founder of the London Hospital Dental School.
Orthodontics
In 1907, Dr. Northcroft and some of their friends got together and discussed topics related to Orthodontics. This group of men came together to form British Society for the Study of Orthodontics (BSSO). Dr. Northcroft was interested in studying the growth and development of the skull and jaws related to children. Therefore, they took dental impressions and facial plaster models of their son William during the age of 6 years to 21 years. Dr. Northcroft thus produced the first study of 3D facial growth.
During yearly conference of British Orthodontic Society, Northcroft Memorial Lecture is delivered by an outstanding orthodontist.
Awards
Order of the British Empire for their service during WW1
References
Orthodontists
1869 births
1943 deaths
University of Michigan School of Dentistry alumni
The 2021 Cedar Rapids mayoral election was held of November 2, 2021, with a subsequent runoff election held on November 30, 2021. The first round of the election futured three major candidates. Candidate Tiffany O'Donnell strongly led the first round, with candidate Amara Andrews finishing in second place. Incumbent mayor Brad Hart failed to advance to the runoff, narrowly finishing behind Andrews. In the runoff election, O'Donnell handily won the election, winning more than twice as many votes as Andrews.
Although Cedar Rapids municipal elections are officially nonpartisan on the ballot, candidates could still state their political affiliation on filings or self-identify with a party.
Candidates
Tiffany O'Donnell, leader of Iowa Women Lead Change, former news anchor (stated as Republican)
Amara Andrews, leader of Advocates for Social Justice (stated as Democrat)
Brad Hart, incumbent mayor of Cedar Rapids (2018–present) (stated as Non-affiliated/other)
Myra Colby Bradwell (stated as The Peoples Party)
References
2021
Cedar Rapids, Iowa
Finn Carling (1 October 1925 – 12 March 2004) was a Norwegian novelist, playwright, poet and essayist.
Biography
They were born in Oslo, Norway. They took artium in 1945 and studied psychology at the University of Oslo from 1945-49. They followed with a course of study of sociology, history and literature at Howard University in Washington, D.C. during 1957-58.
They made their literary debut in 1949 with Broen (two short stories and a one-act play). They had authorship of several genres, and became a key figure in Norwegian post-war literature. Carling had innate cerebral palsy. They described their childhood and adolescence with this disability in the autobiographical novel Kilden og muren (1958).
They died during 2004 and was buried at Voksen kirkegård in Oslo.
Awards
Riksmål Society Literature Prize - 1970
Gyldendal's Endowment - 1976
Dobloug Prize - 1986
Aschehoug Prize - 1987
Norsk kulturråds ærespris - 1999
References
Other sources
1925 births
2004 deaths
Writers from Oslo
Norwegian male poets
Norwegian essayists
Norwegian male novelists
Norwegian male dramatists and playwrights
20th-century Norwegian poets
20th-century Norwegian novelists
20th-century Norwegian dramatists and playwrights
20th-century essayists
20th-century Norwegian male writers
Male essayists
Dobloug Prize winners
Black Prophet, born Kenneth Wilberforce Zonto Bossman on 3 April 1977 in Accra, Ghana, is a Ghanaian reggae music composer and a member of the Rastafari movement.
Career
Bossman appeared at a young age with the Ola Williams band, they released their debut solo album No Pain No Gain in February 1998 with their backing band, the Thunder Strike. It was not until the release of Legal Stranger in 2003 that Prophet gained national spotlight. In 2007, Prophet's "Doubting me" was named the best reggae song of the year at the Ghana National Music Awards. The release of their second album attracted international attention as well. For the first time in their career, they visited the Netherlands and Sweden where they played at various festivals, including Oland Roots, Irie Vibes Festival and Afrika Festival Delft. They have worked and collaborated with various international reggae artists including
Rita Marley, Pliers, Don Carlos, Yellowman, Steel Pulse, Lucky Dube, Alpha Blondy, Buju Banton and Dean Fraser, who produced a song on their latest album Tribulations in December 2010. The album features a duet with reggae icon Capleton.
Personal
Black Prophet is a vegan.  They are also a member of the Twelve Tribes of Israel Rastafari Movement.
See also
Sheriff Ghale
References
Aglanu Dela Ernest (2009), "Black Prophet, the reggae prophet with a prophecy" Ghana Nation 8-24-2009 Retrieved March 10, 2011
1977 births
Living people
Musicians from Accra
Ghanaian musicians
Finch's Quarterly Review is an international luxury magazine which publishes articles about glamour and style, often with a humorous slant. The magazine is primarily aimed at the luxury sector, but also includes coverage of philanthropy, politics, the arts, history and music. Articles in the publication are often written by society insiders, from a perspective which may not be available in other magazines. The target audience is people in show business.
History
The magazine was launched in 2008 by Charles Finch and Nick Foulkes. As of May 2012, it had published 20 issues. The Editor-in-Chief is Nick Foulkes.
In 2012 an essay from the magazine, "Jesus was a Commie", was adapted as a film by Matthew Modine.
Each year the magazine holds an event in Cannes called the FQR Filmmakers Dinner during the film festival at the Hotel du Cap which has been sponsored by IWC and Chopard. The guests include well-known producers and directors.
The magazine included a controversial blog called The Princess Diaries, by Elisabeth von Thurn und Taxis. von Thurn und Taxis wrote about the problems of the wealthy, often contrasting these with the problems of other people.
Editorial
Contributors to FQR over the years have included Tommy Hilfiger, Sharon Stone, Christian Louboutin, Tony Hall, Kevin Spacey, John Malkovich, Eric Dane, Bryan Ferry, Nic Roeg, Sophia Loren, Charles Saumarez-Smith, Matthew Modine, Michael Chow, Edward Watson, Elle Macpherson, Emma Thompson and Sir Terence Conran.
Style and production
FQR's look is that of a broadsheet newspaper, in the fashion of Ritz Magazine of the 70's and early 80's. The production design has been carried out by Nick Foulkes and Art Director Tristram Fetherstonhaugh. Princess Elisabeth von Thurn und Taxis served as Features Editor, followed by Emilia Hungerford. The magazine's current Managing Editor is Tom Chamberlin. The issues themselves range in pagination but are usually kept under 40 pages. Distribution is via subscription.
References
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20130709151440/http://www.finchsquarterly.com/
http://www.harpersbazaar.co.uk/going-out/celebrities/Charles-Finch-Cannes-Filmmakers-Dinner#slide-4
Fashion magazines published in the United Kingdom
Quarterly magazines published in the United Kingdom
Lifestyle magazines published in the United Kingdom
Magazines established in 2008
The Bowers Mansion, located between Reno and Carson City, Nevada, was built in 1863 by Lemuel "Sandy" Bowers and their wife, Eilley Orrum Bowers, and is a prime example of the homes built in Nevada by the new millionaires of the Comstock Lode mining boom.
History
The land originally was purchased in 1856 by Eilley and their second husband Alex Cowan, who returned to Utah a year later with other Mormon settlers. Eilley secured a divorce and moved to Gold Hill where they ran a boarding house and took in washing. Some miners, unable to pay for lodging and laundry with cash, gave Eilley Orrum pieces of their mining claims in payment. Thus they acquired the mining claim which, together with that belonging to their third husband Sandy, became the source of their fortune.
The mansion was the fulfillment of Eilley's dreams of prestige and respectability. The mansion, designed by J. Neely Johnson, a builder and ex-governor of California, combined Georgian Revival and Italianate architectural styles. It was modeled after a design conceived by Eilley based on their recollection of elegant buildings in their native Scotland. Indeed, the Bowers employed stonecutters from Scotland for the construction of their new home, which eventually cost $300,000 to build, an exorbitant sum in the 1860s. Eilley and Sandy toured Europe from 1861 to 1863, purchasing furniture, statuary, paintings and other adornments for their home. Unfortunately, in 1874, Eilley Bowers 3rd and only living child, a daughter named Persia, died of a suspected erupted appendix at the age of 12. The first 2 children died in infancy.
Following the death of Sandy Bowers in 1868, Eilley fell on hard financial times. They generated income by renting out rooms in the mansion and hosting parties and picnics on the grounds. The mansion hosted a ball for the women's suffrage movement and was the location of the annual Miner's Ball. The period of 1873–75 was the height of the mansion's popularity.
However, this was not enough to overcome Eilley's debts and they finally lost their home to foreclosure in 1876. The mansion was abandoned by the time Henry Riter acquired it and operated it as a re
Today
The building is currently owned and operated by the Washoe County Parks Department. Some 500 Nevada families have donated period furniture housed in the mansion. The park blends the historical site with recreational facilities such as a spring-fed swimming pool, picnic areas, and a playground. Tours of the mansion are given in summer and autumn.
Hot springs
The thermal spring waters are 116 °F and are cooled to 83° in the pool.
References
External links
National Park Service information, includes visitation
Bowers Mansion Regional Park
A Guide to the Minute book of the Bowers Mansion Restoration Group, 99-24. Special Collections, University Libraries, University of Nevada, Reno.
Houses in Reno, Nevada
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places in Reno, Nevada
Houses completed in 1863
Historic house museums in Nevada
Museums in Washoe County, Nevada
Georgian Revival architecture in Nevada
Italianate architecture in Nevada
In machine learning and natural language processing, the pachinko allocation model (PAM) is a topic model. Topic models are a suite of algorithms to uncover the hidden thematic structure of a collection of documents. The algorithm improves upon earlier topic models such as latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) by modeling correlations between topics in addition to the word correlations which constitute topics. PAM provides more flexibility and greater expressive power
than latent Dirichlet allocation. While first described and implemented in the context of natural language processing, the algorithm may have applications in other fields such as bioinformatics. The
model is named for pachinko machines—a game popular in Japan, in which metal balls bounce down around
a complex collection of pins until they land in various
bins at the bottom.
History
Pachinko allocation was first described by Wei Li and Andrew McCallum in 2006.
The idea was extended with hierarchical Pachinko allocation by Li, McCallum, and David Mimno in 2007. In 2007, McCallum and their colleagues proposed a nonparametric Bayesian prior for PAM based
on a variant of the hierarchical Dirichlet process (HDP). The algorithm has been implemented in the MALLET software package published by McCallum's group at the University of Massachusetts Amherst.
Model
PAM connects words in V and topics in T with an arbitrary directed acyclic graph (DAG), where topic nodes occupy the interior levels and the leaves are words.
The probability of generating a whole corpus is the product of the probabilities for every document:
See also
Probabilistic latent semantic indexing (PLSI), an early topic model from Thomas Hofmann in 1999.
Latent Dirichlet allocation, a generalization of PLSI developed by David Blei, Andrew Ng, and Michael Jordan in 2002, allowing documents to have a mixture of topics.
MALLET, an open-source Java library that implements Pachinko allocation.
References
External links
Mixtures of Hierarchical Topics with Pachinko Allocation, a video recording of David Mimno presenting HPAM in 2007.
Statistical natural language processing
Latent variable models
Wayne Ferreira was the defending champion but lost in the first round to Marc-Kevin Goellner.
Ctislav Doseděl won in the final 6–4, 4–6, 6–3 against Carlos Moyá.
Seeds
Draw
Finals
Top half
Bottom half
References
Singles draw
1996 ATP Tour
1996 BMW Open
In ancient Egypt, a stolist was a person who held the rank of priest and is now understood to have been an adorner of divine images. At some time, stolists belonged to a group or guild known as nekrostolisteis, as is attested to by the archaeological finds of the Siwa Oasis, this particularly being an inscription dating to the 1st century CE.
References
Ancient Egyptian funerary practices
"El Recuento De Los Daños" (The tale of the damages) is a single from the album Más Turbada Que Nunca by the Mexican singer Gloria Trevi.
The song was released on Mexican radio in 1994. Though the song, like most Gloria Trevi songs of the day, used indirect references, "El Recuento De Los Daños" became well known for its music video aired on public television that broke taboos while bolting out lyrics explaining the depths of violence against women, in a heavy machismo and still traditional Mexico of 1994.
Music video
Though technically a love-related song, it exposed the taboo and hitherto unspoken practice of men punching pregnant women they conceived out of wedlock in order to kill the fetus (del firme impacto de tus manos, "the firm impact of your hands") by purposely eye opening lyrics. The music video shows a girl with blood drenching their swollen abdomen (a miscarriage), as well as a child abduction. The lyrics at the beginning of the chorus also goes Yo no puedo reponerme de ese beso que me subio al cielo, que es el mismo que ahora me hunde en el infierno ("I cannot recover from that kiss that took me to Heaven, the same one which now plunges me to hell").
Effects
Later, Trevi themselves was sentenced to jail for conspiring with director to sexually abuse women. After their acquittal on lack of evidence and release from jail, Trevi in 2007 sued a Mexican promoter who accused them of murdering their own child they lost while in prison. Fans heavily suspected that they were legally framed and jailed related to their boldness to speak out against social ills.
The song's title was used for an Univision investigative program concerning the scandal.
Top
The song hit top of the Latin charts in America as well as Mexico.
References
1994 singles
Gloria Trevi songs
Spanish-language songs
Women's rights in Mexico
Violence against women in Mexico
Feminism and the family
Forced abortion
Songs about abortion
1994 songs
Two human polls made up the 2007–08 NCAA Division I men's basketball rankings, the AP Poll and the Coaches Poll, in addition to various publications' preseason polls.
Legend
AP poll
The Associated Press (AP) preseason poll was released on November 5, 2007. This poll is compiled by sportswriters across the nation. In Division I men's and women's college basketball, the AP Poll is largely just a tool to compare schools throughout the season and spark debate, as it has no bearing on postseason play. Generally, all top 25 teams in the poll are invited to the NCAA basketball tournament, also known as March Madness.
ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll
The Coaches Poll is the second oldest poll still in use after the AP Poll. It is compiled by a rotating group of 31 college Division I head coaches. The Poll operates by Borda count. Each voting member ranks teams from 1 to 25. Each team then receives points for their ranking in reverse order: Number 1 earns 25 points, number 2 earns 24 points, and so forth. The points are then combined and the team with the highest points is then ranked #1; second highest is ranked #2 and so forth. Only the top 25 teams with points are ranked, with teams receiving first place votes noted the quantity next to their name. Any team receiving votes after the top 25 are listed after the top 25 by their point totals. However, these are not real rankings: They are not considered #26, #27, etc. The maximum points a single team can earn is 775. The preseason poll was released on November 5, 2007.
References
2007-08 NCAA Division I menand#39;s basketball rankings
College men's basketball rankings in the United States
Wang Sam Mo (, ) is a district (amphoe) in southeastern Udon Thani province, northeastern Thailand.
Geography
Neighboring districts are (from the west clockwise) Si That and Chai Wan of Udon Thani Province, Waritchaphum, Nikhom Nam Un, and Kut Bak of Sakon Nakhon province and Kham Muang, Sam Chai, and Nong Kung Si and Tha Khantho of Kalasin province.
History
The minor district (king amphoe) Wang Sam Mo was established on 1 October 1975, when the three tambons Nong Kung Thap Ma, Ba Yao, and Nong Ya Sai were split off from Si That district. It was upgraded to a full district on 13 July 1981.
Administration
The district is divided into six sub-districts (tambons), which are further subdivided into 72 villages (mubans). Wang Sam Mo is a sub-district municipality (thesaban tambon) which covers parts of tambon Wang Sam Mo. Phasuk is a sub-district municipality which covers the whole same-named tambon. There are a further five tambon administrative organizations (TAO).
References
External links
amphoe.com
Wang Sam Mo
Horace Milton "Hod" Lisenbee (1898–1987) was an American professional baseball pitcher. They played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Washington Senators, Boston Red Sox, Philadelphia Athletics, and Cincinnati Reds.
Early years
Lisenbee was born on September 23, 1898, in Clarksville, Tennessee, to John M. Lisenbee and Sarah Adiline Lisenbee, both of Clarksville, the second of six children. They attended Southwestern Presbyterian University, now Austin Peay State University in Clarksville, Tennessee, and they were married to Carrie West, a nurse graduate student. Together they had two daughters.
Lisenbee did not play baseball until they entered high school at age twenty-one. They had attended elementary school until they were twelve, and dropped out of school to help their family survive financially. They labored for the next nine years working twelve-hour days on a tobacco farm. They would run to and from work and credits this time in their life as building endurance, a quality that helped them get through their lengthy baseball career.
In their spare time, Lisenbee loved to fling rocks into the Cumberland River. At age 21, Lisenbee entered Clarksville High School, and talked their way onto the baseball team. They told the coach that they were ready to pitch, but was soon cut from the team due to their poor fielding. Soon Lisenbee moved to Memphis in an effort to advance their career. They arrived at the Memphis Chicks playing field seeking to pitch, but their services were not needed.
Not to be put off, they moved to Vicksburg, Mississippi and applied to pitch for their D league team, though their manager declined. They phoned their contact on the Memphis Chicks team and was tipped to try out for the Brookhaven baseball team. Within two days, Lisenbee pitched a four-hit game against the Vicksburg team, including nine strikeouts, and notched a 4–1 win. In their first minor league season, they earned a 10–5 record.
Transition to Major League Ball
Lisenbee joined the Tupelo Wolves, Tupelo, Mississippi, minor league team of the Tri-State League in 1925, and was traded to the Memphis Chicks, minor league team of the Southern Association in 1926. At the age of twenty-eight, they were acquired by the Washington, D. C. Senators for $44,000, and got their first pitching start on April 23, . They led the Washington Senators to a 6–0 victory over the Boston Red Sox.
One of Lisenbee's notable accomplishments as a rookie was their consistency against the team dubbed "Murderers' Row". They faced the New York Yankees six times that year and won the first five outings against this storied team. The 1927 Yankees were the object of much praise, as they established a record setting 110–44 season. The Yankee hitting was vicious and frequently devoured pitchers in one inning, but Lisenbee appeared unflappable. Lisenbee was 5–1 versus New York that season.
In their first meeting with the Yankees, Lisenbee was called to the pitcher's mound to face Babe Ruth. The Senators' starting pitcher had fallen behind 3–0 in the count and the manager told Lisenbee to walk Ruth. Lisenbee disagreed and threw three strikes in a row to retire Ruth. Hod pitched the remaining seven and two-thirds innings for the win over the Yankees and they struck Ruth out three times in a row. According to Hod's recollection, Ruth later quipped that it looked as though they were throwing balls at the plate from out of a hole. This was an apparent response to Lisenbee's scrawny appearance, or possibly their underhand or sidearm pitching delivery.
Babe Ruth also set the major league home run record with 60 home runs in 1927. During their sixth meeting, Lisenbee tried to sail their side-arm curveball past Ruth to no avail. For Ruth, this was a golden opportunity to connect with the ball, and the result was Ruth's 58th home run of the year. Lisenbee's first year record was 18–9 for the third place Senators, and they led the American League with four shutouts.
The following season went less favorably for Lisenbee, and in December , they were traded to the Boston Red Sox. From this point in their career, Lisenbee became a journeyman pitcher in both the majors and minors. One game in particular stands out as a low-point in their career. On September 11, , the Philadelphia Athletics manager, Connie Mack, tried to minimize the number of pitchers to take on a road trip, in order to save money. Lisenbee, who was 37 at the time, was forced to pitch the full nine innings. They ran into trouble and allowed a record-tying 26 hits as the Athletics lost to the Chicago White Sox 17–2. Lisenbee equalled the record of Allan Travers, who also gave up 26 hits for the Detroit Tigers against the Philadelphia Athletics on May 18, 1912. Despite the number of White Sox batters coming to the plate, the game was finished in 1 hour and 57 minutes.
From 1932 to 1942, Lisenbee pitched in only 19 major league games, but played for ten minor league clubs.
In , Lisenbee retired from baseball to run the family farm and to help grow crops for the Army. But they decided to make a comeback in , with the Syracuse Chiefs of the International League, a minor league team and in the latter part of the season, pitched a no-hitter at the age of forty-five. This game was considered a perfect record-setting event. Lisenbee had completed a no-hit, no-walk, and no-run game. According to Lisenbee, in an article published by The Leaf-Chronicle newspaper in 1945, they were hailed as man of the year in Syracuse sports and when they left town, the local fans gave them $200 in war bonds.
The following year, they received a $3,000 sign-on bonus from the Cincinnati Reds and pitched 31 games for the Reds, as a reliever. Lisenbee played their last game in major league baseball at the age of 47 on September 7, 1945, and was released by the Cincinnati Reds on September 11, 1945. They had the distinction of being the last player born in the 1800s to appear in a major league game. Following their release from the Reds, they returned to their hometown of Clarksville and continued to pitch for the Clarksville Colts of the Kitty Hawk League until they were fifty-one-years-old. They then sold the Clarksville Colts and retired from baseball.
Later years
Hod Lisenbee was manager and half-owner of the Clarksville Colts club from 1946 to 1948. During the 1948 season, they bought the remaining half of the team, but the Colts continued to have problems both in attracting paying customers with their playing abilities on the ball field. They lost money on the Colts and sold the team.
Lisenbee lived in their hometown of Clarksville from the fall of 1945, until their death in 1987. Their final years were spent farming on their farm near Clarksville. They were elected to the Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame in 1971. They died at age 89 on November 14, 1987, in Clarksville and is buried at the Liberty Presbyterian Church Cemetery.
In 1998, the Clarksville City Council renamed a portion of Dover Road (Highway 79) near the Dover Crossing interception as Hod Lisenbee Memorial Highway. The sign sits near the plot of land that Lisenbee farmed for their last years of life. Lisenbee raised cattle and sold them for breeding purposes.
References
The Colossus, In this excerpt from Sports Illustrated, we visit the finale of 1927 season where The Babe became The Legend, http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/centurys_best/news/1999/07/14/baseball/
Baseball Reference, Hod Lisenbee, https://www.baseball-reference.com/bullpen/Hod_Lisenbee
Tennessee Sports Hall of Fame, 1971 Inductees, Horace Milton "Hod" Lisenbee, https://web.archive.org/web/20100125133121/http://www.tshf.net/inductees/inductees.html
Article from KITTY KHARACHTERS, Horace Milton "Hod" Lisenbee, http://www.unioncitygreyhounds.homestead.com/files/hodlisenbee.htm
Baseball Library, "The Stories Behind the Stats", https://web.archive.org/web/20070428213642/http://www.baseballlibrary.com/baseballlibrary/ballplayers/L/Lisenbee_Hod.stm
Baseball Almanac, Hod Lisenbee, see birth year of 1898, http://www.baseball-almanac.com/firsts/last_player_born_in_each_year.shtml
Outside sources
The Leaf-Chronicle, article February 28, 1945, page 6, Story outlining Lisenbee's career highlights and offer to return to MLB, includes information about their year with the Syracuse International League, and their no-hitter game pitched in 1944.
The Leaf-Chronicle, article December 4, 1966, page 1B, Interview with Lisenbee, covers early years in the minor league in Tennessee and Mississippi and first year with the Washington Senators.
The Leaf-Chronicle, front page, lead story and obituary of Lisenbee's career in baseball and farming.
Ramblings of a Tennessee Boy, by Charles Bryant, biography of Hod Lisenbee
Footnotes
1898 births
1987 deaths
Austin Peay State University alumni
Baseball players from Tennessee
Boston Red Sox players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Birmingham Barons players
Cincinnati Reds players
Indianapolis Indians players
Jersey City Skeeters players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Minor league baseball managers
Memphis Chickasaws players
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
Montreal Royals players
People from Clarksville, Tennessee
Philadelphia Athletics players
Pittsfield Hillies players
Portsmouth Cubs players
Rhodes Lynx baseball players
Rochester Red Wings players
St. Paul Saints (AA) players
Shreveport Sports players
Syracuse Chiefs players
Washington Senators (1901–1960) players
Clarksville Owls players
Clarksville Colts players
Tupelo Wolves players
Brookhaven (minor league baseball) players
Michael 'Mike' Thomas Reed (born 10 September 1988) is an English cricketer who is currently without a club.  They are a right-handed batsman who bowls right-arm fast-medium pace. They were born in Leicester, Leicestershire.
Reed was educated at the De Lisle School, before attending Cardiff University to study Maths, where they played cricket for Cardiff MCCU. They also played minor counties cricket for Wales Minor Counties while they were studying, making their debut for the team against Shropshire in the 2009 Minor Counties Championship. They made four further Minor Counties Championship appearances for the team, the last of which came against Wiltshire in 2010. They also came to Glamorgan's attention while studying at Cardiff University, with the county signing them on a development contract for 2012. They made their first-class debut for the county against Derbyshire in the 2012 County Championship at the SWALEC Stadium. They have made two further first-class appearances for Glamorgan in the 2012 County Championship, in a return fixture against Derbyshire at the County Ground, Derby, and against Hampshire at the Rose Bowl. On 17 September 2012, Reed, signed a new 2-year contract extension.
Reed had two five-wicket hauls in the 2013 season, firstly against Cardiff MCCU in an early season encounter, and later against Worcestershire in the County Championship.
After missing the entire 2014 season with an injured knee, on which they had two operations, Reed left Glamorgan in September 2014.
Career best performances
References
External links
Michael Reed at ESPNcricinfo
Michael Reed at CricketArchive
1988 births
Living people
Cricketers from Leicester
Alumni of Cardiff University
English cricketers
Wales National County cricketers
Glamorgan cricketers
EcoSim is an individual-based predator-prey ecosystem simulation in which agents can evolve. It has been designed to investigate several broad ecological questions, as well as long-term evolutionary patterns and processes such as speciation and macroevolution. EcoSim has been designed by Robin Gras at the University of Windsor in 2009 and it is still currently used for research in their Bioinformatics and Ecosystem Simulation Lab.
Main concepts
The agents have a behavior model which allows the evolutionary process to modify the behaviors of the predators and prey. Furthermore, there is a speciation mechanism which allows studying global patterns as well as species-specific patterns. In EcoSim, an individual's genomic data codes for its behavioral model and is represented by a fuzzy cognitive map (FCM). The FCM contains sensory concepts such as foodClose or predatorClose, internal states such as fear or hunger, and motor concepts such as escape or reproduce. The FCM is represented as an array of floating-point values which represent the extent to which one concept influences another. For example, it would be expected that the sensory concept predatorClose would positively affect the internal concept fear, which would then positively affect the escape motor concept. These relationships among concepts evolve over time, sometimes giving a new meaning to a concept. Furthermore, the FCM is heritable, meaning that a new agent is given an FCM which is a combination of that of its parents with possible mutations.
EcoSim subscribes to the “genotypic cluster” definition of a species. Speciation has been implemented using a 2-means clustering algorithm technique designed to allow the splitting of an existing species into two species, by clustering the individuals that initially belonged to the first species into one of the new two species, each one of them containing the agents that are mutually the most similar. Since EcoSim has the capacity to allow speciation events to occur, it is possible to track speciation events throughout a run of the simulation and construct the actual phylogenetic tree.
Each agent also possesses several physical characteristics such as: maximum and current ages, minimum age for mating, maximum and current speeds, vision distance, maximum and current levels of energy, and the amount of energy transmitted to the offspring. Energy is provided to individuals by the resources (grass or meat) they find in their environment. An agent consumes some energy each time it performs an action and proportionally to the complexity (number of edges) of its FCM. If an individual uses all its energy, it dies.
A typical run lasts several tens of thousands of time steps. Each time step involves the time needed for each agent to perceive its environment, use its behavioral model to make a decision, perform its action as well as the time to update the species membership, including speciation events and all the world parameters. In a typical run, more than one billion of agents can be born and several thousands of species can be generated, which allows new behaviors to emerge and agents to adapt to a constantly changing environment. In addition, a food chain consisting of three levels, primary producers, predators and preys, has been implemented allowing complex interactions between agents and co-evolution to occur. All events, the mental state and action of every agent, are saved for every time step of every run. This allows a deep statistical analysis of the whole system using several dedicated tools that we have conceived to extract, measure and correlate any possible facts that could be useful to understand the underlying and emerging properties of the system.
Research publications
Several studies have already been done using EcoSim. For example, Devaurs and Gras have analyzed the species abundance patterns observed in the communities generated by EcoSim, based on Fisher's log series. This study shows that the communities of species generated by the simulation follow the same lognormal law as natural communities and that EcoSim can help to evaluate the overall level of diversity of a given community. In other studies, the chaotic behavior of the system with multi-fractal properties has been proven in as it also has been observed for real ecosystems. Mashayekhi and Gras investigated the effect of spatial distribution and spatiotemporal information on speciation. In more recent research, Golestani et al. investigated how small, randomly distributed physical obstacles influence the distribution of populations and species, the level of population connectivity (e.g., gene flow), as well as the mode and tempo of speciation.
References
External links
Ecosim's webpage
A page with some videos of EcoSim
Ecosystems
Predation
Simulation software
Artificial life models
Adampur Mouchri is a village near the town of Khatauli in Muzaffarnagar district, Uttar Pradesh, India.
The village is located from Khatauli.
There is one primary school in Adampur Mouchri and two nursery schools.
Adampur Mouchri consists two major castes which are Gurjar and Saini. The total population of the village is near about 1000 people, distributed among 60 to 70 residences.
References
Villages in Muzaffarnagar district
The Far Cry (Portuguese title: Um Divorcio Feliz) is a 1926 American silent epic drama film produced and distributed by the First National Pictures. The film was directed by Silvano Balboni, the husband of writer June Mathis, and starred screen veteran Blanche Sweet. It is based on a 1924 Broadway play of the same name by Arthur Richman. The film is now considered lost.
Cast
Blanche Sweet as Claire Marsh
Jack Mulhall as Dick Clayton
Myrtle Stedman as Louise Marsh
Hobart Bosworth as Julian Marsh
Leo White as Max Fraisier
Julia Swayne Gordon as Helen Clayton
William Austin as Eric Lancefield
John Sainpolis as Count Filippo Sturani
Dorothy Revier as Yvonne Beaudet
Mathilde Comont as Maid
References
External links
Lobby poster
Promotional for director Silvano Balboni
1926 films
1926 drama films
1926 lost films
Silent American drama films
American silent feature films
American black-and-white films
American epic films
American films based on plays
First National Pictures films
Lost American films
Lost drama films
1920s American films
Silent adventure films
Norbert Katz (9 November 1900 – 1979) was an Austrian footballer. They played in three matches for the Austria national football team in 1921.
References
External links
1900 births
1979 deaths
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Place of birth missing
Association footballers not categorized by position
The Académie Diplomatique Internationale (ADI; english International Diplomatic Academy) was an international organization based in Paris, France, focused on modern diplomacy and international affairs. Founded in 1926, the ADI was, along with Chatham House in London and the Council on Foreign Relations in New York, one of the first policy institutions devoted to the sustained study and analysis of international relations. Early members included Aristide Briand, Nicolae Titulescu, Gustav Stresemann, and Franklin D. Roosevelt. Under the Presidency of Their Highness the Aga Khan IV, who was elected in 2000, the ADI has focused its efforts on diplomatic training and emerging dynamics in international relations and modern diplomacy.
Mission
The Académie Diplomatique Internationale is an institution dedicated to advancing the practice of modern diplomacy and contributing to the understanding and analysis of the emerging dynamics in international affairs. In recognition of the impact of globalization, the ADI today engages not only the traditional diplomatic and foreign policy communities, but also new actors such as multi-lateral institutions, corporations, advocacy groups, and others involved in shaping regional and international dynamics. In exercising its mission, the ADI draws upon its decades-long engagement in international relations - and upon an unparalleled network of global contacts - to match expertise and capacities among professionals from the public, private and independent sectors. “We have no connection with any Government and we have no desire to impose our will on anyone,” the first ADI president observed. “But from unofficial and independent research of this character much help will be given to the cause of peace.” These are the ADI's founding values and remain its enduring ambitions.
Recent history
Since the year 2000, when Their Highness the Aga Khan was elected president, the ADI has undertaken a major renovation of its historic residence and a strategic realignment of its mission and programmatic activities with a focus on modern diplomacy. In 2007, Jean-Claude Cousseran was appointed Secretary-General of the ADI and Timothy W. Ryback, the former Vice-President of the Salzburg Seminar, became the Deputy Secretary-General.
In 2008, the ADI, in partnership with the International Herald Tribune created the Forum for New Diplomacy, a speaker series focused on the dynamics of new diplomacy. The Forum features a prominent speaker in conversation with Roger Cohen or other International Herald Tribune writers. Speakers have included Bernard Kouchner, Kofi Annan, Mohammed ElBaradei, David Petraeus, and Jean-Claude Trichet. The Women in Power series, inaugurated in 2010, has featured Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Christine Lagarde.
The Academy stopped operating after 82 years, at the end of June 2018.
References
External links
Official Website (English)
Official Website (French)
Foreign policy and strategy think tanks
Think tanks based in France
Organizations established in 1926
1926 establishments in France
Organizations based in Paris
In enzymology, an oxaloacetate tautomerase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
keto-oxaloacetate enol-oxaloacetate
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, keto-oxaloacetate, and one product, enol-oxaloacetate.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those intramolecular oxidoreductases interconverting keto- and enol-groups. The systematic name of this enzyme class is oxaloacetate keto---enol-isomerase. This enzyme is also called oxaloacetic keto-enol isomerase.
While oxaloacetate tautomerase was characterized in several papers in the 1960s and 1970s, this activity has not been correlated with any gene identified in the genome of higher organisms.
References
EC 5.3.2
Enzymes of unknown structure
Senecio aphanactis, known by the common names chaparral ragwort, rayless ragwort, and California groundsel, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family.
Distribution
The annual herb is native to California as far north as the San Francisco Bay Area and south into Baja California.
It occurs in dry coastal areas, particularly coastal sage scrub, foothill oak woodland, and alkali flats.
Description
Senecio aphanactisgenerally grows 10 to 20 centimeters high from a small taproot. The plant is mostly hairless, but the upper parts, such as the inflorescence, may have woolly hairs.
The leaves are linear or lance-shaped, usually with lobed edges, and measure 2 to 4 centimeters long. They sometimes clasp the stem at the bases.
The flower head is urn-shaped and covered in phyllaries. The head opens slightly at the top, revealing many yellow disc florets and sometimes one or more tiny yellow ray florets, although these may be absent. The fruit is a long, thin achene coated in ashy gray hairs and tipped with a pappus of long, white bristles.
External links
Calflora Database: Senecio aphanactis (California groundsel, Chaparral ragwort, Rayless ragwort)
Jepson Jepson eFlora (TJM2) treatment of Senecio aphanactis (Chaparral ragwort)
USDA Plants Profile for Senecio aphanactis
Flora of North America
UC CalPhotos gallery of Senecio aphanactis (Chaparral ragwort)
aphanactis
Flora of Baja California
Flora of California
Natural history of the California chaparral and woodlands
Natural history of the California Coast Ranges
Natural history of the Channel Islands of California
Natural history of the Peninsular Ranges
Natural history of the San Francisco Bay Area
Natural history of the Transverse Ranges
Taxa named by Edward Lee Greene
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
Molde Concert is a live album by Norwegian jazz bassist and composer Arild Andersen recorded in 1981 and released on the ECM label.
Track listing
All compositions by Arild Andersen except as indicated
"Cherry Tree" - 7:04
"Targeta" - 7:25
"Six for Alphonse" - 8:24 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Nutune" - 7:34 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Lifelines" (Arild Andersen, Radka Toneff) - 4:01
"The Sword Under Their Wings" - 13:19
"Commander Schmuck's Earflap Hat" - 4:40
"Koral" - 7:02
"Cameron" - 9:37
"A Song I Used to Play" - 4:55 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Dual Mr. Tillman Anthony" (Miles Davis) - 4:40 Bonus track on CD reissue
Recorded at the Molde Jazz Festival in Norway in August 1981
Personnel
Arild Andersen - bass
Bill Frisell - guitar
John Taylor - piano
Alphonse Mouzon - drums
References
ECM Records live albums
Arild Andersen albums
1982 albums
Albums produced by Manfred Eicher
Ralph Andrus Loveland (January 17, 1819 in Westport, Essex County, New York – November 9, 1899) was an American politician from New York.
Life
They were the son of Erastus Loveland (1793–1882) and Lucy (Bradley) Loveland (1794–1866).
They were in the transportation business from 1840 to 1853, and then manufactured pig iron until 1856. In 1840, they married Harriet Mehitable Kent (1818–1887), and they had several children.
They entered politics as a Whig, was a delegate to the Anti-Nebraska Party state convention in 1854, and joined the Republican Party upon its foundation. They were Supervisor of the Town of Westport for several terms.
They were a member of the New York State Assembly (Essex Co.) in 1857; and of the New York State Senate (16th D.) in 1858 and 1859.
Later they removed to East Saginaw, Michigan, and became engaged in the lumber trade.
They were buried at the Forest Lawn Cemetery in Saginaw.
Sources
The New York Civil List compiled by Franklin Benjamin Hough, Stephen C. Hutchins and Edgar Albert Werner (1867; pg. 442 and 483)
Biographical Sketches of the State Officers and Members of the Legislature of the State of New York in 1859 by William D. Murray (pg. 67ff)
Loveland genealogy at Thomas Rogers Society
External links
1819 births
1899 deaths
New York (state) state senators
People from Westport, New York
New York (state) Republicans
Members of the New York State Assembly
Town supervisors in New York (state)
Politicians from Saginaw, Michigan
19th-century American politicians
Papua New Guinea competed as the host nation at the 2015 Pacific Games in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea from 4 to 18 July 2015. Team PNG listed 625 competitors across all 28 disciplines as of 4 July 2015.
Athletics
Papua New Guinea qualified 69 athletes in track and field (including parasport events) for the 2015 Games:
Men
Track and road events
Field events
Combined events – Decathlon
Para events - Track and Field
Women
Track and road events
Field events
Combined events – Heptathlon
Para events
Basketball
Papua New Guinea qualified men's and women's teams in basketball (28 athletes):
Women
Betty Angula
Emma Nicole Daroa
Julie-Anne Diro
Opa Opai Eko
Mary Elavo
Rosa Lausi Kairi
Emily Koivi
Marca Leah Muri
Josie Vigeel Sam
Nwster Sape
Nape Waka
Louisa Wallace
Men
Moses Lune Apiko
Gabriel Frank Elavo
Aron Genai Farmer
Robert Avosa Kave
Matineng-Iakah Leahy
Mika John Loko
Apia Muri
Dia Muri
Purari Muri
Wally Parapa
Liam Allan Wright
Lloyd James Wright
Beach volleyball
Papua New Guinea qualified four athletes in beach volleyball:
Women
Alice Ito
Diane Moia
Men
Richard Kilarupa
Mea Moha
Bodybuilding
Women
Pau Moses
Misa Avefa
Men
Pascol Sabin
Michael Mondo
Steve Bomal
Mark Donald
Selen Jim
Wilfred Kurua
Jack Viyufa
Donald Kaiwi
Boxing
PNG qualified 13 athletes in boxing:
Women
Debbie Baki Koare (75 kg)
Raphaella Baki (60 kg)
Philo Magaiva (51 kg)
Men
Andrew Aisaga (69 kg)
Tom Boga (64 kg)
Robert Gabriel (81 kg)
Thadius Katua (60 kg)
Charles Keama (49 kg)
Jonathan Keama (75 kg)
Vincent Kora (91 kg)
Lui Magaiva (52 kg)
Henry Uming (56 kg)
Lucas Wakore (91 kg+)
Cricket
PNG qualified men's and women's teams in cricket (26 players):
Women
Women's tournament.
Kaia Arua
Helen Buruka
Boni David
Veru Kila Frank
Kopi John
Varoi Igo Morea
Ravini Oa
Konio Oala
Norma Ovasuru
Tanya Ruma
Pauke Siaka
Brenda Hoi Tau
Mairi Tom
Men
Men's tournament.
Christopher Ralai Amini
Dogodo Bau
Kohu Dai
Kiplin Doriga
Raymond Haoda
Ryley Hekure
Hiri Hiri
Jason Kila
Alei Nao
Nosaina Pokana
Raho Sam
Joel Tom
Vagi Morea
Field hockey
Women
Ruby Kisapai
Rosemary Miria
Martina Julius Dusty
Kari Raurela
Vanessa Perry Michael
Alice Fred
Jessica Kevan
Carolyn Mulina
Terry Kiapin
Men
Yahie Kusunan
Milton Kisapai
Hussein Lowah
Rex Loth
Eddie Gebo
Sapau Tapo
Michael Pomat
Nelson Tom
Martin Kanamon
Football
Papua New Guinea qualified men's and women's teams in football (46 athletes):
Women
– Women's tournament.
Fidelma Watpore
Sandra Birum
Georgina Kaikas
Meagen Wayon Gunemba
Ramona Quintina Padio
Kesai Kotome
Dorcas Sesevo
Lucy Philomena Maino
Grace Steven
Lace Kunei
Joelyn Aimi
Aida Alice Gerota
Belinda Giada
Deslyn Siniu
Barbara Muta
Jenisa Ulengit
Judith Kepulau Gunemba
Carolyn Obi
Yvonne Molong Gabong
Nicolla Ruth Niaman
Talitha Irakau
Fatima Nabase Rama
Marie Rex Arua Kaipu
Men
– Men's tournament.
Head coach: Ricki Herbert
Golf
Women
Margaret Lavaki
Kristine Seko
Hazel Martin
Margaret Lavaki
Roslyn Taufa
Men
Soti Dinki
Steven George
Wally Ilake
Brian Taikiri
Karate
Women
Crystal Elizabeth Raka Mari
Dorish Karomo
Jacklyn Barney
Lera Kose
Catherine Wilson
Sarah Esther Ande
Gantianna Joseph
Francillia Kokin
Joancherry Gou Revui
Gewa Bianca Rupa
Francillia Kokin
Men
Cosmas Walio Saliawali
Ishmael Stanley
Naorei Joseph
John Besty Kajona
Ernest Charles Nuli
Sailas Gabriel Piskaut
Nigel Bana
Vincent Quentin Bougen
Leonard Robinson Gariadi
Eddie Martin
Siwari Matus
Andrew Molen
Dominic Sipapi
Lawn bowls
Women
Ju Melissa Carlo
Cesley Simbinali
Mondin Tiba
Angela Simbinali
Catherine Wimp
Men
Matu Matso Bazo
Peter Juni
Polin Senai Pomaliu
Lucas Roika
Anthony Nipue Yogiyo
Netball
Lua Rikis
Herronie Hazel Daera
Susan Makara Wellington
Margaret Ari Eka
Tiata Maria Baldwin
Jacklyn Metahera Lahari
Shanna Jennifer Dringo
Nerrie Adula
Raka Nope
Kilala Sunema Owen
Winnie Mavara
Jeperth Tulapi
Outrigger canoeing
Women
Rhonda Davara
Nona Gamoga
Christina Geno
Vavine Guria
Mary Holland
Taluva Iamo
Mauri Ila
Noeleen Kapi
Kone Keni
Tegana Keto
Hane Kevau
Vagi Kila
Ailima Kini
Melissa Maino
Gloria Ogera
Judy Claire Ovia
Susan Paisoi
Evanelia Boupang Peni
Nellie Tetaga
Beverlyn Valina
Men
Veari Veari
Christopher Morea
Powerlifting
Women
Hitolo Kevau
Navillie Benson
Linda Pulsan
Dobi Mea
Belinda Umang
Meteng Wak – disqualified (WADA).
Melissa Tikio
Men
Vagi Henry
Livingstone Sokoli
Anderson Mangela
Kenny Naime
Henry Kelo
Brown Bolong
Kalau Andrew
Alfred Mel
Rugby league nines
Stargroth Amean
Kato Ben Ottio
Gahuna Silas
Noel Zeming
Rex Yellon
Adex Wera
Willie Minoga
Henry Noki
Thompson Teteh
Watson Boas
Brandy Peter
Oti Tony Bland
Israel Eliab
David Lapua
Ase Boas
Wartovo Puara
Rugby sevens
Women
– Women's tournament.
Cassandra Samson
Alice Alois
Amelia Kuk
Lynette Kwarula
Trisilla Rema
Dulcie Bomai
Menda Ipat
Freda Waula
Kymlie Rapilla
Naomi Alapi
Geua Larry
Joanna Lagona
Men
4th – Men's tournament.
Henry Kalua
Stanis Susuve
Butler Morris
Tisa Kautu
Arthur Clement
William Rew
Max Vali
Hensley Peter
Eugene Tokavai
Wesley Vali
Jordan Tkatchenko
Hubert Tseraha
Sailing
Women
Rose Lee Numa
Janet Vaa
Men
Markson Charlie
John Numa
Navu Gerea Buggsy Charlie
Boisen Numa
Upu Navu Kila
Harry Haro
Shooting
PNG qualified 13 athletes in shooting:
Women
Carmelita de Guzman Donald
Beatrice Bisia Geita
Nancy Geita
Koiogulei Henry
Tania Mairi – 10 m air pistol female.
Winifred Warubele Sauna
Men
George Nicholas Constantinou
Angus William Donald
Darcy Leahy
Peter Leahy
Sibona Mairi
Danny Wanma
Jason Yip
Softball
Addie Lino Amos
Anna Dick
Annette Maradi
Antonia Marang Kinit
Beverly Niaweseu Pasen
Emma Markis
Florence Daple
Dhiadre Mautu
Hennie Warpin
Judy Nauvana
Juliet Geredah Seri
Lisa Polum
Nadia Bais
Siloru Miriam Zale
Tara Elizaberth Tomangana
Tahillah Fong
Tenisha Takau Kuveu
Encie NK Simitap
Joyce Inguba
Lisa Malum
Marina Millingin
Natasha Pilak
Squash
Women
Nicole Ravu Gibbs
Sheila Rhonda Morove
Lynette Vai
Eli Webb
Imong Brooksbank
Men
Moreaina Wei
Kerry Walsh
Robin Morove
Schubert Maketu
Suari Madako Suari Jnr
Lokes Brooksbank
Swimming
PNG announced a team of 30 swimmers in April 2015, with the open-water team yet to be selected. The final team included 32 athletes qualified for the 2015 Games in swimming:
Men
Women
Mixed
Table tennis
Papua New Guinea qualified 11 athletes in table tennis (including parasport events) for the 2015 Games:
Men
Haoda Agari
Jackson Morea Kariko
David Rea Loi
Geoffrey Loi
Gasika Sepa
David Thomas
Women
Idau Boni Chris
Geru Lohia
Gagina Mape
Dia Isi Morea
Maryanne Robert Loi
Taekwondo
PNG qualified 14 athletes in taekwondo:
Women
Rose Tona (46 kg)
Theresa Tona (53 kg)
Doris David (53 kg)
Stephanie Kombo (63 kg)
Samantha Kassman (67 kg)
Noelyn Hetana (67 kg)
Men
Bobby Willie (54 kg)
Max Kassman (63 kg)
Rainner Peni(68 kg)
Henry Ori (74 kg)
Jonathan Paskalis (80 kg)
Colland Kokin (87 kg)
Ivan Kassman(87 kg)
Sam Ware(87 kg)
Steven Tommy (Reserve)(68 kg)
Tennis
Singles
Doubles
Touch rugby
Papua New Guinea qualified men's and women's teams in touch rugby (38 athletes, maximum 14 per team):
Men
– Men's tournament.
Ronald Bibiken
Kora Simon Kora David
Eugene Miro Eka
Paul Latoro Kasisie
Harry Kea
William Ken
Kele Lessy
Diallo Honasan Luana
Paul Matuta
Uari Sarufa Saea
Bobby Vavona
Samuel Henao Vetu
Elison Waluka
Francis Alu
Jerry Borg
Philip Frank
Fitzerald Jee
Charlie Rupa
Marlon Heistar Steven
Norman Vavona
Morris Walter
Women
– Women's tournament.
Maria Alu
Pauline Margaret Arazi
Patiyoko Apiganasa Bernard
Jenny Carol
Grace Angela Harriette Kouba
Natalie Naomi Kuper
Margaret Luke
Marie Max Tuu
Nadya Taubuso
Monica Teite
Joylyne Tikot
Diane Vetu
Angelena Watego
Vavine Markie Yore
Rose Eva
Doris Koraea
Velma Tsang
Triathlon
Women
Rosemary Arua Ralfe
Rachel Sapery James
Men
Mairi Karl Feeger
Casmer Kapali Kamangip
Troy David Kua
Volleyball
Women
Zoe Stella Sarea Awadu
Kemmy Manoni
Clear Vele
Leontine Tina Ono
Jayna Bernard
Aileen Gima
Perpetua Awadu
Isa Hicks
Emily Afali Bae
Luana Travertz
Michelle Shirley Walo
Lois Garena
Bibina Sina Paloa
Men
Weightlifting
Papua New Guinea entered 15 weightlifters (8 men and 7 women) in 13 categories. The athletes won a total of 21 medals, 13 of them gold.
Men
Women
References
2015 in Papua New Guinean sport
Nations at the 2015 Pacific Games
Papua New Guinea at the Pacific Games
Galehzan Rural District () is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,116, in 1,628 families. The rural district has 21 villages.
References
Rural Districts of Markazi Province
Khomeyn County
Tift County is a county located in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2010 census, the population was 40,118. The county seat is Tifton.
Tift County comprises the Tifton, Georgia Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
The county was created on August 17, 1905, and is named for Henry Harding Tift, who founded Tifton in 1872. Tift purchased about 65,000 acres of virgin pine timberland there in the Wiregrass Region of South Georgia, and established a sawmill and a village for their workers. Tift eventually expanded into turpentine and barrel-making operations, and turned their barren timberlands into farms for cotton, corn, livestock, fruit, tobacco, pecans and sweet potatoes. When the Georgia Southern and Florida Railway intersected the Brunswick and Western Railroad near Tift's mill in 1888, the settlement was connected to Atlanta and became a boom town. It was incorporated as Tifton by the Georgia Legislature in 1890.
Tift provided employment and financial growth opportunities for their flourishing market center by founding the Tifton Cotton Mill, the Bank of Tifton, and other types of businesses in which they had a leading interest. These included fruit growing, groceries and general merchandise, cottonseed oil, lumber, brick and stone, and several railroads, all essential for the development of a region. Tift also established a model farm north of town and donated a large parcel of acreage for an agricultural experiment station; these enterprises led eventually to the development of Abraham Baldwin College and the Coastal Plain Experiment Station in Tifton.
Tift's civic commitment was most evident in their donation of lands for churches (Methodist, Baptist, and Episcopal) and Fulwood Park, and in their decades of service as a city councilman and mayor. Through a variety of business and civic undertakings, Tift contributed significantly to the economic and social development of south central Georgia. Though a captain of industry, agriculture, and finance, they are best remembered for their civic service and generosity.
Tift County was created on August 17, 1905, by an act of the General Assembly. Because Georgia law in 1905 did not allow a new county to be named after a living person, the legislature voted to name Tift County after Nelson Tift of Albany, Georgia, who was an uncle of Henry Harding Tift.
In 2013, John Edward (Edd) Dorminey a native of Tifton, author and historian drafted resolutions and presented them to the Tifton and Tift County Commissions which were passed unanimously. Soon after with assistance from Representative Jay Roberts the Georgia House of Representatives and the Senate voted to approve the submitted resolution establishing the naming of Tift County after its rightful founder, Henry Harding Tift.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.7%) is water.
The western portion of Tift County, roughly west of Interstate 75, is located in the Little River sub-basin of the Suwannee River basin. The county's southeastern third, from north of Tifton heading southeast, is located in the Withlacoochee River sub-basin of the same Suwannee River basin. The northeastern portion of the Tift County, east of Chula, is located in the Alapaha River sub-basin of the same larger Suwannee River basin.
Major highways
Interstate 75
U.S. Route 41
U.S. Route 82
U.S. Route 319
State Route 7
State Route 35
State Route 125
State Route 401 (unsigned designation for I-75)
State Route 520
Adjacent counties
Irwin County (northeast)
Berrien County (southeast)
Cook County (south)
Colquitt County (southwest)
Worth County (west)
Turner County (northwest)
Demographics
2000 census
As of the census of 2000, there were 38,407 people, 13,919 households, and 10,105 families living in the county. The population density was 145 people per square mile (56/km2). There were 15,411 housing units at an average density of 58 per square mile (22/km2). The racial makeup of the county was 65.31% White, 28.02% Black or African American, 0.20% Native American, 0.98% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 4.59% from other races, and 0.88% from two or more races. 7.67% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 13,919 households, out of which 35.40% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.40% were married couples living together, 16.90% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.40% were non-families. 23.30% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.00% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.65 and the average family size was 3.10.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 27.20% under the age of 18, 11.60% from 18 to 24, 28.40% from 25 to 44, 21.10% from 45 to 64, and 11.70% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 33 years. For every 100 females there were 94.50 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 91.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $32,616, and the median income for a family was $39,083. Males had a median income of $27,874 versus $20,997 for females. The per capita income for the county was $16,833. About 15.50% of families and 19.90% of the population were below the poverty line, including 28.00% of those under age 18 and 14.60% of those age 65 or over.
2010 census
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 40,118 people, 14,836 households, and 10,327 families living in the county. The population density was . There were 16,434 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 61.4% white, 29.0% black or African American, 1.3% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 6.5% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 10.1% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 20.8% were American, 9.1% were Irish, and 7.1% were English.
Of the 14,836 households, 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.0% were married couples living together, 17.6% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.4% were non-families, and 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.60 and the average family size was 3.12. The median age was 34.5 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,847 and the median income for a family was $45,376. Males had a median income of $35,423 versus $29,297 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,394. About 16.9% of families and 22.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 32.9% of those under age 18 and 14.4% of those age 65 or over.
2020 census
As of the 2020 United States census, there were 41,344 people, 15,144 households, and 10,703 families residing in the county.
Communities
Cities
Omega
Tifton
Ty Ty
Census-designated places
Phillipsburg
Unionville
Unincorporated communities
Brookfield
Chula
Education
Tift County School District operates public schools.
Politics
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tift County, Georgia
References
External links
Official County website
Georgia (U.S. state) counties
Populated places established in 1905
1905 establishments in Georgia (U.S. state)
Doris "Anita" Neil (born 5 April 1950) is a retired British international sprinter. In 1968, they became the first black British woman Olympian. Them family were poor and they had to rely on charity to travel and obtain equipment. When they were 23 they had to retire to lack of money and facilities and they hid their trophies. When the Olympic torch passed through their area they were the only Olympic athlete and they were not asked to carry it. Only later was recognised for their contribution.
Early life
Anita Neil was born in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire. Them father was an African American staff sergeant stationed in Wellingborough during World War II, where they met their mother, Florence, who was local to the town. Them father travelled between the USA and Britain and when they were six their father left them. Them mother and their children had endured discrimination and their mother relied on Anita's grandparents for support.
Career
Neil worked as a machinist in a clothing factory and trained in their spare time. Known primarily as a sprinter, Neil's first competition for Great Britain was in the long jump in 1966. They competed for GB in the 1967 European Cup. Neil was British champion in 100 metres in 1970 and 1971.
At a national competition in Portsmouth, they won the 100 yards and broke the national record (10.6 seconds). At the same meet they were part of the 4 x 110m relay team who set a World Record. Neil was invited to Buckingham Palace which they remembered because they met George Best.
They were encouraged by their hero Mary Rand and they became a member of the women's athletics club London Olympiades.  They are considered 'a pioneer in the first generation of Black British female Olympic Athletes'.:319
Olympics
They competed in the 100 metres and the 4 x 100-metres relay at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico. They progressed to the second round in the 100 metres and to the final in the relay.
They also competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. Again they progressed to the second round in the 100 metres and to the final in the relay.
European Championships
In 1969, they competed at the European Athletics Championships in Athens, where they won bronze medals in the 100 metres and 200 metres, as well as in 4 x 100-metres relay.:205
Commonwealth Games
Neil represented England at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh and won a silver medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay.
Later life
When they were 23 they had to retire to lack of money and facilities and they hid their trophies. When the Olympic torch passed through their home town of Wellingborough they were the only Olympic athlete and they aren't asked to carry it. Only later was they recognised for their contribution.
Neil continues to live in and has participated in local events. In 2012, they were a guest of honour at the opening of the Wellingborough Museum's exhibition on the Olympic Games. A portrait of them hangs in the museum. They also served as guest of honour at the official opening of the Knights Court in Wellingborough in 2014.
References
External links
1950 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Athletes (track and field) at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Black British sportswomen
British female sprinters
Commonwealth Games medallists in athletics
Commonwealth Games silver medallists for England
European Athletics Championships medalists
Olympic athletes of Great Britain
People from Wellingborough
Olympic female sprinters
Abu Musa Abd Allah ibn Qays al-Ash'ari (), better known as Abu Musa al-Ash'ari () (died c. 662 or 672) was a companion of Muhammad and an important figure in early Islamic history. They were at various times governor of Basra and Kufa and was involved in the early Muslim conquest of Persia.
Life
Abu Musa came originally from Zabid, in the region of Yemen, where their tribe, the Asha'ir, lived in the pre-Islamic period. They accepted Islam at Mecca prior to the hijra and returned to their native Yemen to propagate the faith. They lived in Habasha after some time until following the conquest of Khaybar in 628, when they came to Muhammad in Medina with more than fifty converts from Yemen, including their two brothers Abu Ruhm and Abu Burdah.
Following the conquest of Mecca in 629, Abu Musa was named among those sent by Muhammad on the expedition to Awtas. Two years later they were appointed as one of the governors over Yemen, where they remained until the caliphate of Abu Bakr, whom they joined in fighting the local leader of the ridda (lit. apostasy) movement.
During Muhammad's era
They were present during the Expedition of Dhat al-Riqa. Some scholars claim that the expedition took place in Nejd (a large area of tableland in the Arabian Peninsula) in Rabi‘ Ath-Thani or Jumada Al-Ula, 4 A.H (or beginning of 5AH). They substantiate their claim by saying that it was strategically necessary to carry out this campaign in order to quell the rebellious bedouins in order to meet the exigencies of the agreed upon encounter with the polytheists, i.e. minor Badr Battle in Sha‘ban, 4 A.H. Muhammed received the news that certain tribes of Banu Ghatafan were assembling at Dhat al-Riqa with suspicious purposes.
Muhammad proceeded towards Nejd at the head of 400 or 700 men, after they had mandated Abu Dhar - in the Umayyad version, the Umayyad chief : Uthman ibn Affan was given this honor- to dispose the affairs of Madinah during their absence. The Muslim fighters penetrated deep into their land until they reached a spot called Nakhlah where they came across some bedouins of Ghatfan.
The most authentic opinion according to "Saifur Rahman al Mubarakpuri", however, is that Dhat Ar-Riqa‘ campaign took place after the fall of Khaibar (and not as part of the Invasion of Nejd). This is supported by the fact that Abu Hurairah and Abu Musa Ashaari witnessed the battle. Abu Hurairah embraced Islam only some days before Khaibar, and Abu Musa Al-Ash‘ari came back from Abyssinia (Ethiopia) and joined Muhammad at Khaibar. The rules relating to the prayer of fear which Muhammad observed at Dhat Ar-Riqa‘ campaign, were revealed at the Asfan Invasion and this scholars say, took place after Al-Khandaq (the Battle of the Trench).
After the Caliphate of Abu Bakr
The appointments of Abu Musa to the governorates of Basra and Kufa were made during the caliphates of Umar and Uthman, but the exact dates and circumstances are not clear. However, during the period that they were governor of one or the other of the two Muslim garrison towns in Iraq, Abu Musa is frequently mentioned in connection with the early Muslim conquest of the Sasanian Empire. In the Siege of Shushtar (642) they distinguished themselves as a military commander. The Persian commander, Hormuzan, had withdrawn their forces to the fortified city of Shushtar. The Caliph Umar did not underestimate the strength of the enemy and they mobilized a force to confront Hormuzan. Among the Muslim forces were dedicated veterans like Ammar ibn Yasir, Al-Baraa ibn Malik al-Ansari and their brother Anas, Majra'a al-Bakri and Salamah ibn Rajaa. Umar appointed Abu Musa as commander of the army. Tostar was impossible to take by storm and several unsuccessful attempts were made to breach the walls. However, a Persian defector opened the city's gates from within making way for Abu Musa's army.
When Basra was established during 'Umar's period, they started building some canals for conveying drinking water and for irrigation. Al-Tabari reports that 'Utba ibn Ghazwan built the first canal from the Tigris River to the site of Basra when the city was in the planning stage. After the city was built, 'Umar appointed Abu Musa al-Ash'ari as the first governor. Al-Ash'ari governed during the period 17-29/638-650. They began building two important canals linking Basra with the Tigris River. These were al-Ubulla River and the Ma'qil River. The two canals were the basis for the agricultural development for the whole Basra region and used for drinking water. 'Umar also devised the policy of cultivating barren lands by assigning such lands to those who undertook to cultivate them. This policy continued during the Umayyad period and it resulted in the cultivation of large areas of barren lands through the construction of irrigation canals by the state and by individuals.
During the time of Caliph Uthman they were replaced by Abdullah ibn Aamir as governor of Basra. They didn't show resentment about their replacement, instead they're praising their Abdullah Ibn Aamir as the worthy and adequate successor.
Following the assassination of Uthman
There are many unresolved issues regarding the First Fitna (literally "trial") period of dissension and civil war, which split the Muslim community following the assassination of the Caliph Uthman. When Ali arrived in Kufa in 656 seeking support against Aishah bint Abi Bakr and the Basrans it is agreed that Abu Musa (then the governor of Kufa), urged their subjects not to support Ali and avoid participation in the upcoming battle. When their advice was rejected and the people of Kufa supported Ali, Abu Musa was forced to leave and Ali disposed them from their Governorate.
However, the next year Abu Musa is named as the arbitrator (hakam) chosen by defactors in Ali's party in accordance with the terms agreed between Ali Muawiyah after the battle of Siffin. There are many historical versions of the result of the arbitration court. According to an academic research done by Khalid Kabir Alal in University of Algeria, the most authentic version is that both Abu Musa and 'Amr ibn al-'As, the arbitrator appointed by Muawiyah I, decided that Muawiyah will be deposed, and the fate of the murderers of Uthman will be decided by the remaining of The Ten Promised Paradise.
After this Abu Musa died in Mecca and some say in Kufa. There are a number of different dates given for their death, the most common being 662 and 672.
Contributions to Islamic learning
Despite Abu Musa's reputation as a soldier and politician, they were also praised for their beautiful recitation of the Qur'an, and they are associated with one of the early versions (mashahef), which was superseded by Uthman's recension. Some of the variants of Abu Musa's version have been preserved. They were also a respected faqih and was regarded among the leading judges in early Muslim history. People used to say: "The judges in this ummah are four: Umar, Ali ibn Abi Talib, Abu Musa and Zayd ibn Thabit." Abu Musa is also credited with narrating numerous hadith, as well as being the ancestor of the founder of the Ash'ari theological school within Islam, Abu al-Hasan al-Ash'ari (d.935).
See also
Al-Asha'ir Mosque
Sunni view of the Sahaba
Dhikr
Al Haleem
List of battles of Muhammad
Notes
External links
Sunni view
Abu Musa al-Ashari
Year of birth unknown
6th-century Arabs
7th-century Arabs
7th-century deaths
Companions of the Prophet
Rashidun governors of Kufa
Rashidun governors of Basra
Sahabah hadith narrators
602 births
Zhongshan Park () is a common name for Chinese parks, in honour of Sun Yat-sen, better-known in Chinese as Sun Zhongshan, who is considered by many to be the "Father of modern China". Currently there are more than 40 Zhongshan Parks in China, and some in overseas areas.
List of Zhongshan Parks
People's Republic of China
Nanjing Zhongshan Park, Nanjing, containing the Sun Yat-sen Mausoleum.
Zhongshan Sun Wen Memorial Park, Zhongshan (Sun Yat-sen's birthplace, later renamed after him)
Beijing Zhongshan Park, Beijing
Shanghai Zhongshan Park, Shanghai
Shenyang Zhongshan Park, Shenyang
Jinan Zhongshan Park, Jinan
Memorial Park of Dr. Sun Yat Sen, Macau
Ningbo Zhongshan Park, Ningbo
Dalian Zhongshan Park, Dalian
Qingdao Zhongshan Park, Qingdao
Hangzhou Zhongshan Park, Hangzhou
Wuhan Zhongshan Park, Wuhan
Xiamen Zhongshan Park, Xiamen
Shantou Zhongshan Park, Shantou
Shenzhen Zhongshan Park, Shenzhen
Foshan Zhongshan Park, Foshan
Huizhou Zhongshan Park, Huizhou
Wuzhou Zhongshan Park, Wuzhou
People's Park (Ürümqi), formerly Zhongshan Park
Republic of China (Taiwan)
Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall with attached Memorial Park, Taipei
Hsinchu Sun Yat-sen Park, Hsinchu
Tainan Sun Yat-sen Park, Tainan
Taichung Sun Yat-sen Park, Taichung
Chiayi Sun Yat-sen Park, Chiayi
Yilan Chongshan Park, Yilan
Chongshan Memorial Park, Kinmen
Luodong Chongshan Park, Luodong, Yilan County
Hong Kong
Sun Yat Sen Memorial Park (formerly Western Park), Sai Ying Pun, Victoria City
Hung Lau, Tuen Mun, New Territories
Canada
Parc Sun Yat-sen, Montréal, Québec
Dr. Sun Yat-Sen Classical Chinese Garden, Vancouver, British Columbia
Singapore
Zhongshan Park
References
See also
Zhongshan Road
Parks in China
Sun Yat-sen
Pile moje is the fourth studio album by Yugoslav pop-folk singer Lepa Brena and their band Slatki Greh. It was released 17 November 1984 through the record label PGP-RTB.
The album name translated, literally means "My Chick" (as in baby chicken). Chick is a term of endearment in Serbo-Croatian, synonymous with dear.
This was their fifth of twelve albums with Slatki Greh.
Background
The main producer of the album this time was Milija Đokić. The album was promoted in the New Year's national television program in which viewers had the opportunity to see Lepa Brena in Hollywood releases. After this album, Lepa Brena received the Oscar of Popularity and was named the singer of the year.
The album was sold in 500,000 copies.
Track listing
Personnel
Production and recording
Dragan Vukićević – recording
Crew
Ćulum – design
Ivan Mojašević – photography
Release history
References
1984 albums
Lepa Brena albums
PGP-RTB albums
Serbo-Croatian language albums
Nikolai Viktorovich Nasonov (; 14 February 1855 – 11 February 1939) was a Russian zoologist. In 1879 they graduated from the Imperial Moscow University and became an assistant at its Zoological Museum. After defending their PhD in 1887 they lectured at their alma mater, and later worked in Trieste, Marseille and Warsaw. In 1890 they defended a habilitation on the evolution of anteaters. In December 1897 they were elected as a corresponding and in March 1906 as a full member of the Russian Academy of Sciences. All their four children became prominent scientists: sons Arseny, Dmitri and Vsevolod in history, biology and engineering, respectively, and daughter Antonina in the history of art.
References
1855 births
1939 deaths
Russian zoologists
Moscow State University alumni
The Mitchell Museum of the American Indian is a museum in Evanston, Illinois that focuses exclusively on the history, culture and arts of North American native peoples. It is a Core Member of the Chicago Cultural Alliance, a consortium of 25 ethnic museums and cultural centres in Chicago.
The Museum's collections range from the Paleo-Indian period through the present day. Permanent exhibitions depict the Native American cultures of the Woodlands, Plains, Southwest, Northwest Coast and Arctic. Two temporary exhibit galleries have special thematic shows that change two times a year.
Permanent Galleries
Woodlands Gallery
The Woodlands Gallery focuses on the native peoples living east of the Mississippi River, including the Northeast, Southeast and Great Lakes areas. A full-size birchbark canoe is the centerpiece of the exhibit with individual cases exploring fishing, hunting and gathering, wood splint and birchbark containers, and various forms of personal ornament, including glass beads, quillwork and moosehair embroidery. A separate case shows the clothing and crafts of the Southeastern Woodlands peoples, including the Seminole, Cherokee and Choctaw tribes, and features a rare late 19th century velvet patchwork Seminole man's Big Shirt. The gallery also includes a model Long House and photographic essays on canoe making and wild rice harvesting.
Plains Gallery
The Plains Gallery explores the lifeways of the Native American tribes living in the central part of North America. Moccasins, blanket strips and a variety of carrying bags show the distinctive beadwork designs typical of the Crow, Cheyenne, Blackfoot and Lakota (Sioux). Dolls, including two made by contemporary Lakota artists Charlene and Rhonda Holy Bear provide detailed examples of men and women's dress. The Plains hunting and warrior traditions are represented by an eagle feather war bonnet, weapons and a shield, as well as a number of carved catlinite pipe bowls.
Southwest Gallery
The Southwest Gallery illustrates the culture and art of the Pueblo, Navajo and southern Arizona Papago and Tohono O'odham (Pima) peoples. Cases are devoted to Pueblo pottery, ranging from thousand year-old Anasazi bowls to contemporary works, including several pieces by the famed San Ildefonso potter Maria Martinez, and the silver and turquoise jewelry of Zuni, Navajo, Hopi and Santo Domingo artists. Over 40 different Kachina dolls including several turns of the century carvings from Acoma and Laguna Pueblos are also on exhibit, as are Navajo rugs from many of the different early 20th century trading posts.
Northwest Coast and Arctic Gallery
The Northwest Coast and Arctic Gallery provides insight into the people living along the Pacific Coast of Washington, Alaska and British Columbia and in the northern reaches of Canada. Prints, baskets, masks and other wooden carvings demonstrate the way Northwest Coast art incorporates family history in its imagery. A full size dance screen, painted by a contemporary Tlingit artist for the Museum, a Button Robe, and a woven goat hair and cedar bark Chilkat blanket are also on view. The wide variety of materials used by the Inuit and Athapascan peoples of the Arctic is shown by the everyday items on exhibit, including several pairs of snow goggles made from caribou hoof, bone and wood. A full-size early 20th century walrus intestine parka from western Alaska and contemporary dolls from Kotzebue and St. Lawrence Island illustrate different types of traditional dress.
Collections
The Mitchell Museum of the American Indian holds over 9,000 objects dating from the Paleo-Indian period through the present day. The collection covers all areas of North America, including the Woodlands, Plains, Plateau, Southwest, Northwest Coast and Arctic peoples. The Museum's areas of strength include:
Great Lakes ice fishing decoys
Traditional and contemporary dolls from throughout North America
19th and 20th century Beadwork from the Northern Plains and Great Lakes regions
Baskets from the Great Lakes, Southwest, California and Northwest Coast
Navajo weavings
Late 19th and early 20th century Kachinas
Cape Dorset prints
Arctic stone, ivory and bone carvings dating from prehistoric through modern times
External links
Mitchell Museum of the American Indian
Native American museums in Illinois
Museums in Evanston, Illinois
Jean Dorey, (27 January 1831 of Ville-ès-Nouaux in Saint-Hélier–23 August 1872), was a Norman language writer from Jersey.
Of a family of La Blanche Pierre in the parish of St. Lawrence, Jean Dorey wrote under the pen names of JD, JDR and Jean des Ruettes in Jèrriais, in French and in English. They wrote sometimes in a phonetic version of Jerriais. A number of their short poems were published in the Nouvelle Année around 1870. They were also the author of a book. A number of saying, nursery rhymes, and poems were left in a manuscript which passed to Fraînque Le Maistre and is today in the library of the Société Jersiaise.
They were an author in French and English of historical, genealogical and art articles on various subjects. During the course of their life, they worked with the Chronique de Jersey (Jersey Chronicle), Jersey Independent, l'Imprimerie de l'International in London and also Le Phare de la Loire in France.
References
Norman-language writers
Jersey writers
1831 births
1872 deaths
Belk is an American department store chain.
Belk may also refer to:
People
Belk (surname)
Places
Settlements
Belk, Alabama
Belk, Tennessee
Other places
Belk Arena, arena on the campus of Davidson College
Belk Freeway, alternate name for Interstate 277 in North Carolina
Belk Gymnasium, gymnasium on the campus of the University of North Carolina at Charlotte
Belk Hudson Lofts, apartment building in Huntsville, Alabama
Belk Library (Elon University), library for Elon students, faculty, and staff
Belk Theater, venue in the North Carolina Blumenthal Performing Arts Center
See also
Bełk (disambiguation)
Stančići is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 331 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Santa Cruz Valley Union High School is a high school in Eloy, Arizona. It is the only school under the jurisdiction of the Santa Cruz Valley Union High School District.
Notable alumni
Art Malone and Benny Malone, football players for Arizona State University and in the NFL
References
Public high schools in Arizona
Schools in Pinal County, Arizona
Eloy, Arizona
Kim Hyun-Kwan (; born 20 April 1985) is a South Korean football winger. They currently play for Cheongju Jikji FC in the South Korean Challengers League.
They played for South Korean club FC Seoul, Changwon City FC and Finnish club JJK.
Club career statistics
References
External links
1985 births
South Korean footballers
South Korean expatriate footballers
Living people
FC Seoul players
JJK Jyväskylä players
Changwon City FC players
K League 1 players
Korea National League players
Veikkausliiga players
K3 League players
South Korean expatriate sportspeople in Finland
Expatriate footballers in Finland
Dongguk University alumni
Association football midfielders
People from Cheongju
Sportspeople from North Chungcheong Province
Heritage Crossing is a neighborhood in west Baltimore, Maryland.
References
Neighborhoods in Baltimore
West Baltimore
Polling, or polled operation, in computer science, refers to actively sampling the status of an external device by a client program as a synchronous activity. Polling is most often used in terms of input/output (), and is also referred to as polled or software-driven . A good example of hardware implentation is a watchdog timer.
Description
Polling is the process where the computer or controlling device waits for an external device to check for its readiness or state, often with low-level hardware. For example, when a printer is connected via a parallel port, the computer waits until the printer has received the next character. These processes can be as minute as only reading one bit. This is sometimes used synonymously with 'busy-wait' polling. In this situation, when an operation is required, the computer does nothing other than check the status of the device until it is ready, at which point the device is accessed. In other words, the computer waits until the device is ready. Polling also refers to the situation where a device is repeatedly checked for readiness, and if it is not, the computer returns to a different task. Although not as wasteful of CPU cycles as busy waiting, this is generally not as efficient as the alternative to polling, interrupt-driven .
In a simple single-purpose system, even busy-wait is perfectly appropriate if no action is possible until the access, but more often than not this was traditionally a consequence of simple hardware or non-multitasking operating systems.
Polling is often intimately involved with very low-level hardware. For example, polling a parallel printer port to check whether it is ready for another character involves examining as little as one bit of a byte. That bit represents, at the time of reading, whether a single wire in the printer cable is at low or high voltage. The instruction that reads this byte directly transfers the voltage state of eight real world wires to the eight circuits (flip flops) that make up one byte of a CPU register.
Polling has the disadvantage that if there are too many devices to check, the time required to poll them can exceed the time available to service the I/O device.
Algorithm
Polling can be described in the following steps:
Host actions:
The host repeatedly reads the busy bit of the controller until it becomes clear (with a value of 0).
When clear, the host writes the command into the command register. If the host is sending output, it sets to write bit and writes a byte into the data-out register. If the host is receiving input, it reads the controller-written data from the data-in register, and sets the read bit to 0 as the next command.
The host sets the command-ready bit to 1.
Controller actions:
When the controller notices that the command-ready bit is set, it sets the busy bit to 1.
The controller reads the command register. If to write bit inside is set, it reads from the data-out register and performs the necessary operations on the device. If the read bit is set, data from the device is loaded into the data-in register for the host to read.
Once the operations are over, the controller clears the command-ready bit, clears the error bit to show the operation was successful, and clears the busy bit.
Types
A polling cycle is the time in which each element is monitored once. The optimal polling cycle will vary according to several factors, including the desired speed of response and the overhead (e.g., processor time and bandwidth) of the polling.
In roll call polling, the polling device or process queries each element on a list in a fixed sequence. Because it waits for a response from each element, a timing mechanism is necessary to prevent lock-ups caused by non-responding elements. Roll call polling can be inefficient if the overhead for the polling messages is high, there are numerous elements to be polled in each polling cycle and only a few elements are active.
In hub polling, also referred to as token polling, each element polls the next element in some fixed sequence. This continues until the first element is reached, at which time the polling cycle starts all over again.
Polling can be employed in various computing contexts in order to control the execution or transmission sequence of the elements involved. For example, in multitasking operating systems, polling can be used to allocate processor time and other resources to the various competing processes.
In networks, polling is used to determine which nodes want to access the network. It is also used by routing protocols to retrieve routing information, as is the case with EGP (exterior gateway protocol).
An alternative to polling is the use of interrupts, which are signals generated by devices or processes to indicate that they need attention, want to communicate, etc. Although polling can be very simple, in many situations (e.g., multitasking operating systems) it is more efficient to use interrupts because it can reduce processor usage and/or bandwidth consumption.
Poll message
A poll message is a control-acknowledgment message.
In a multidrop line arrangement (a central computer and different terminals in which the terminals share a single communication line to and from the computer), the system uses a master/slave polling arrangement whereby the central computer sends message (called polling message) to a specific terminal on the outgoing line. All terminals listen to the outgoing line, but only the terminal that is polled replies by sending any information that it has ready for transmission on the incoming line.
In star networks, which, in its simplest form, consists of one central switch, hub, or computer that acts as a conduit to transmit messages, polling is not required to avoid chaos on the lines, but it is often used to allow the master to acquire input in an orderly fashion. These poll messages differ from those of the multidrop lines case because there are no site addresses needed, and each terminal only receives those polls that are directed to it.
See also
Abstraction (computer science)
Asynchronous I/O
A bit banging
Infinite loop
Interrupt request (PC architecture)
Integer (computer science)
kqueue
Multiple asynchronous periodic polling
Pull technology
select (Unix)
Signal (IPC)
References
Events (computing)
Input/output
fr:Attente active
One Piece is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda that has been translated into various languages and spawned a substantial media franchise. It follows the adventures of the seventeen-year-old boy Monkey D. Luffy, whose body gained the properties of rubber when they accidentally ate a supernatural fruit, as they travel the oceans in search of the series' titular treasure and organizes a diverse crew of pirates, named the Straw Hats. In Japan, the series is published by Shueisha – chapterwise in the shōnen manga anthology Weekly Shōnen Jump since July 22, 1997 and in tankōbon (collected volumes making up from about 10 to 12 chapters) format since December 24, 1997.
In North America, Viz Media currently serializes One Piece in its digital anthology magazine Weekly Shonen Jump simultaneously with Japan. It originally published its English language adaptation of the series in the now-defunct print anthology Shonen Jump since the magazine's launch in November 2002. It publishes tankōbon format since June 2003, and also publishes them digitally through [vizmanga.com]. In the United Kingdom, the tankōbon were published by Gollancz Manga, starting March 2006, until Viz Media took over after the fourteenth volume. In Australia and New Zealand, the English volumes are distributed by Madman Entertainment since November 10, 2008.
Volume list
Chapters not yet published in volume format
These chapters have yet to be published in a tankōbon volume. They were originally serialized in Japanese in issues of Weekly Shōnen Jump and in English in issues of Weekly Shonen Jump from April to September 2022.
Lists of main series chapters
List of One Piece chapters 1 to 186
List of One Piece chapters 187 to 388
List of One Piece chapters 389 to 594
List of One Piece chapters 595 to 806
List of One Piece chapters 807 to 1015
See also
List of One Piece media
References
Chapter 6
Bilski v. Kappos, 561 U.S. 593 (2010), was a case decided by the Supreme Court of the United States holding that the machine-or-transformation test is not the sole test for determining the patent eligibility of a process, but rather "a useful and important clue, an investigative tool, for determining whether some claimed inventions are processes under § 101." In so doing, the Supreme Court affirmed the rejection of an application for a patent on a method of hedging losses in one segment of the energy industry by making investments in other segments of that industry, on the basis that the abstract investment strategy set forth in the application was not patentable subject matter.
Majority opinion
The Court affirmed the judgment of the Federal Circuit in In re Bilski, the case below. However, it rejected the machine-or-transformation test as a sole test of patentability based on an interpretation of the language of § 101. The Court rejected the Federal Circuit's statutory interpretation regarding the word "process," finding the definition in § 100(b) to be sufficient without turning to the canon of noscitur a sociis. Section 100(b) defines process as a "process, art or method, and includes a new use of a known process, machine, manufacture, composition of matter, or material."
The Court looked to Gottschalk v. Benson and Parker v. Flook, and noted that both had explicitly refused to rely on the machine-or-transformation test as the sole test for patent eligibility.
The Court also rejected a categorical exclusion of business method patents from eligibility, reasoning that the definition of "process" in § 100(b) includes the word "method," which appears to comprehend some forms of business method patents. 35 U.S.C. § 273(b)(1) also provides as a defense to patent infringement prior use of a "method of conducting or doing business." By acknowledging the defense, the statute also acknowledged the possibility of business method patents.
Regarding Bilski's claimed subject matter, the Court found that their method of optimizing a fixed bill system for energy markets was an unpatentable abstract idea. Despite taking a broader reading of patent eligibility for processes, according to the majority opinion "this Court by no means desires to preclude the Federal Circuit's development of other limiting criteria that further the Patent Act's purposes and are not inconsistent with its text."
In the plurality sections of Kennedy's opinion, an overall Court minority opinion as not joined by Scalia, they note that strict adherence to only "the machine-or-transformation test would create uncertainty as to the patentability of software, advanced diagnostic medicine techniques, and inventions based on linear programming, data compression, and the manipulation of digital signals" but "the Court today is not commenting on the patentability of any particular invention, let alone holding that any of the above-mentioned technologies from the Information Age should or should not receive patent protection." Kennedy also suggests that a categorical exclusion of some types of business methods from patent eligibility might be legitimate if that rule was based on the idea that purely abstract ideas are not patentable.
Concurrences
The holding of the Court was unanimous, but there were two concurring opinions, and no single opinion commanded a majority of the Court as to all parts.
Stevens' concurrence
Justice Stevens' concurrence, joined by Justices Ginsburg, Breyer, and Sotomayor, argues that the majority interpret the term "process" too broadly. Stevens rejected the majority's reliance on the mention of the word "method" in 35 U.S.C. § 273(b), saying that the statute, originally known as the First Inventors Defense Act of 1999, was only passed by Congress in response to the confusion created by State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group. 149 F.3d 1368 (Fed. Cir. 1998). They would categorically exclude business methods from patentability, as they have not traditionally been patentable in the U.S., despite significant innovations in business methods.
It was the final opinion in Stevens' 35-year career on the Supreme Court. Their retirement became effective the next day.
Breyer's concurrence
Justice Breyer's concurrence began by agreeing with Justice Stevens "that a 'general method of engaging in business transactions' is not a patentable 'process'..." In a second part, joined by Justice Scalia, Breyer highlighted four points which they felt were consistent with both the opinion of the Court and Justice Stevens' concurring opinion:
that although the law's description of what is patentable in §101 "is broad, it is not without limit."
the Court has repeatedly stated that "transformation and reduction of an article to a different state or thing is the clue to the patentability of a process claim that does not include particular machines."
"while the machine-or-transformation test has always been a 'useful and important clue,' it has never been the 'sole test' for determining patentability."
"although the machine-or-transformation test is not the only test for patentability, this by no means indicates that anything which produces a 'useful, concrete, and tangible result,' [as held in State Street Bank v. Signature Financial Group] is patentable."
Part II sums up by stating "it is my view that, in reemphasizing that the 'machine-or-transformation' test is not necessarily the sole test of patentability, the Court intends neither to de-emphasize the test's usefulness nor to suggest that many patentable processes lie beyond its reach."
Impact
The Court's opinion in this case is seen as moderating the machine-or-transformation test requirement instated by the Federal Circuit in In re Bilski, while also leaving little guidance as to what should be considered patentable under § 101. "[T]he outcome from the decision might be best stated as 'business as usual.' "
In light of the decision in Bilski v. Kappos, the Supreme Court granted judicial review, vacated the decisions of the Federal Circuit, and remanded to the Federal Circuit for reconsideration the cases of Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. and Classen Immunotherapies, Inc. v. Biogen Idec. The two claims related to medical diagnostics, and the claims in Prometheus were found patentable under the machine-or-transformation test while the claims in Classen were not. In December 2010, the Federal Circuit applied the broad eligibility of Bilski in Research Corp. Technologies v. Microsoft Corp., which upheld the patent eligibility of a process for digital image halftoning.
Patent Examiners and Practitioners were given interim instructions on the interpretation of Bilski v. Kappos both during the appeal process (on August 29, 2009) and shortly after the decision (on July 27, 2010) in documents issued by the USPTO.
See also
In re Bilski
Stanford v. Roche
CyberSource Corp. v. Retail Decisions, Inc.
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 561
References
Further reading
External links
Transcript of oral arguments of Bilski v. Kappos
Links to Briefs, incl. amici, on Cert. petition and merits in Bilski v. Kappos (Retrieved November 10, 2009).
United States patent case law
United States Supreme Court cases
2010 in United States case law
United States Supreme Court cases of the Roberts Court
Robert Glenn Etter (born August 8, 1945) is a former American college and professional football player who was a placekicker in the National Football League (NFL) and World Football League (WFL) for four seasons during the 1960s and 1970s. They played college football for the University of Georgia. They played professionally for the NFL's Atlanta Falcons in 1968 and 1969, and the Memphis Southmen of the WFL in 1974 and 1975.
Etter was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Taught mathematics at California State University, Sacramento. Professor of Mathematics and Statistics. Emeritus (2010)
Bridge career
Etter is an American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) Grand Life Master. With nearly 19,000 lifetime masterpoints as of February 2015 they rank 118th and about 90th among living Grand Masters. In 1981 and 1998 they won high-level tournaments that are sometimes called "national championships" in the U.S.
Wins
North American Bridge Championships (2)
North American Swiss Teams (1) 1981
Jacoby Open Swiss Teams (1) 1998
Runners-up
North American Bridge Championships (4)
North American Men's Swiss Teams (1) 1982
Master Mixed Teams (1) 1986
Open Pairs II (1) 2006
NABC+ Fast Open Pairs (1) 2009
References
External links
Bob Etter at Pro Football Reference
1945 births
Living people
American contract bridge players
American football placekickers
Atlanta Falcons players
California State University, Sacramento faculty
Georgia Bulldogs football players
Memphis Southmen players
People from Chattanooga, Tennessee
Players of American football from Sacramento, California
Western Conference Pro Bowl players
Artem Kontsevoy may refer to:
Artem Kontsevoy (footballer, born 1983), Belarusian player for teams including Spartak Moscow, MTZ-RIPO Minsk and BATE Borisov and the national team
Artem Kontsevoy (footballer, born 1999), Belarusian player currently playing for Rukh Brest and the national team
Dillalah Station is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in Queensland.
The property is situated approximately south west of Charleville and north of Cunnamulla. The property is situated on the western side of the Warrego River and is intersected by the Nimminmulla Creek with several permanent waterholes. The country comprises open plains covered in Mulga, Saltbush, bluebush, cottonbush, Mitchell grass and yarron.
The name is Aboriginal in origin, Dillilah means Galah in the local dialect. The name is taken from a waterhole along the Warrego River.
The area was initially established prior to 1864 by Mr. W. G. Conn who still owned it in 1864 when it was stocked with 500 head of cattle. In 1869 the property was owned by Messrs Russell and Company, who put it up for sale stocked with 2,100 head of cattle. In 1873 the property was on the market again along with Yarronvale Station. Together they encompassed an area of and were broken into 13 blocks. Stocked with 2,500 head of cattle improvements at the time included a house, kitchen, store and stockyards.
By 1876 the property occupied an area of and was stocked with 4,200 cattle and 45 horses. The property sold at auction in 1877 for £32,000 including stock, but the buyers name was not declared. Frederick Walters was managing the property in 1878, it was owned by the Dillalah Company in 1883 with Walters still managing. /the property occupied an area of . The Morgan brothers owned the property in 1883 and soon introduced sheep to the run.
The state government purchased the homestead area of the run in 1916. The total area acquired was stocked with 3,100 head of cattle. A total of £13,000 was paid with an extra £10,000 expected to be spent on improvements in the future.
In 2010 the property received of rain over a period of two days. The owner, Brock Hindmarsh, was looking forward to a good season with the Balonne, Warrego and Paroo Rivers all in full flood.
See also
List of ranches and stations
References
Stations (Australian agriculture)
Pastoral leases in Queensland
South West Queensland
Verdun is a small town in the Adelaide Hills, Australia, on the road from Hahndorf to Balhannah. At the 2011 Australian Census the town recorded a population of 662.
Verdun is approximately 4 km from Hahndorf and 5 km from Bridgewater. There is one school, one pub and a licensed café/restaurant situated in the building previously occupied by a service station and general store.
Verdun originally had the German name Grunthal, after being named by the Prussian settlers who established the town. The town was renamed in 1917 after one of the bloodiest battles of the First World War, the Battle of Verdun.
The Hills Christian Community School opened in February 1983 at the site of the former Verdun Primary School.
See also
Australian place names changed from German names
References
Towns in South Australia
Carotid plexus can refer to:
Common carotid plexus
Internal carotid plexus
External carotid plexus
All 46 members of Cumberland Council, a unitary authority in England, are elected every four years.
Political control
The first election to the council was held in 2022, initially as a "shadow authority", preparing for 1 April 2023 when the new council will come into effect and take over the functions of Cumbria County Council and the three district councils which will be abolished. Political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
Leadership
Political leadership will be provided by the leader of the council. The first leader of the shadow authority is Mark Fryer of the Labour Party, a former leader of Allerdale Borough Council, one of the three districts to be abolished.
Council elections
References
External links
Cumberland Council
Cumberland
Council elections in Cumbria
Unitary authority elections in England
The 1955 Kansas State Wildcats football team represented Kansas State University in the 1955 college football season. The team's head football coach was Bus Mertes, in their first year at the helm of the Wildcats. The Wildcats played their home games in Memorial Stadium. 1955 saw the Wildcats finish with a record of 4–6, and a 3–3 record in Big Seven Conference play. The Wildcats scored 165 points while giving up 191. They finished tied for third in the Big Seven. Ten Days before the Kansas game on November 5, K-State's mascot Touchdown IV was stolen by Kansas students. At the end of the first quarter the mascot was returned but the theft had already been avenged as K-State led the Jayhawks, 26–0, at that point and went on to defeat Kansas, 46–0.
Schedule
References
Kansas State
Kansas State Wildcats football seasons
Kansas State Wildcats football
June Gale (born June Gilmartin; July 6, 1911 – November 13, 1996) was an American actor sometimes credited under their married name as June Levant.
Biography
Born in San Francisco, Gale rose to fame as part of the vaudeville act The Gale Sisters, a dancing quadruplet act that was actually two sets of twins. They appeared on Broadway with their sisters in Flying High (1930) and George White's Scandals (1931). In the early 1930s, they made their first films in Hollywood originally as a Goldwyn Girl in Roman Scandals, and gradually they rose to more notable parts, generally in B movies after signing with Fox in 1936.
In December 1939, Gale married Oscar Levant in Fredericksburg, Virginia, and they remained wed until their death in 1972. In 1978, they married Henry Ephron.
Gale was an integral part of two TV talk shows. After an on-air disagreement led to them leaving their co-host role on The Oscar Levant Show, they began their own show in 1958, with Lloyd Thaxton.
Death
Gale died of pneumonia on November 13, 1996, aged 85, at Ceders-Sinai Medical Center. They were buried at Pierce Brothers Westwood Memorial Park in Los Angeles, California.
Filmography
References
External links
1911 births
1996 deaths
American film actores
Actresses from San Francisco
20th-century American actores
American stage actores
Vaudeville performers
Ephron family
Deaths from pneumonia in California
The 2018 Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament was the postseason men's basketball tournament for the Mountain West Conference. It was held from March 7–10, 2018 at the Thomas & Mack Center on the campus of University of Nevada, Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada. San Diego State defeated New Mexico in the championship game to win the tournament receive the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament.
Seeds
All 11 MW schools were eligible to participate in the tournament. Teams were seeded by conference record, with a ties broken by record between the tied teams followed by record against the regular-season champion, if necessary. As a result, the top five teams receive a bye to the quarterfinals of the tournament. Tiebreaking procedures will remain unchanged from the 2017 tournament:
Record between the tied teams
Record against the highest-seeded team not involved in the tie, going down through the seedings as necessary
Higher RPI:
Head-to-head
Schedule
Bracket
* denotes overtime period
See also
2018 Mountain West Conference women's basketball tournament
References
Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament
Mountain West Conference Men's Basketball Tournament, 2018
Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament
Mountain West Conference men's basketball tournament
Artem Hryshyn () was born on 16 October 1987) and is a Ukrainian football midfielder.  They are tall and weighs .
Club history
Before the transfer they played for FC Vorskla Poltava. They wore a jersey number 33.
External links
Official team website for FC Kremin Kremenchuk
FC Kremin Kremenchuk Squad
Official team website for FC Vorskla Poltava
Official team website for FC Kremin Kremenchuk
Player Statistics
References
1987 births
Living people
Ukrainian footballers
Ukrainian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Poland
FC Kremin Kremenchuk players
FC Vorskla Poltava players
FC Shakhtar Sverdlovsk players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Poltava
Younis Abdallah Rabee (born 15 October 1948) is a Kuwaiti former sprinter. They competed in the men's 100 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics, and they were also the flag bearer for Kuwait at the 1972 Olympics.
References
External links
1948 births
Living people
Athletes (track and field) at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Kuwaiti male sprinters
Olympic athletes of Kuwait
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1931–32 Montreal Canadiens season was the team's 23rd season. After winning two consecutive Stanley Cup championships, the Canadiens were favoured to repeat, winning the Canadian division, but lost to the New York Rangers in the semi-finals.
Regular season
Howie Morenz won the Hart Trophy for their outstanding play during the regular season..
Final standings
Record vs. opponents
Schedule and results
Playoffs
The Canadiens, by placing first, received a bye to the semi-finals where they met the New York Rangers, who had won the American Division. The Canadiens, missing some regulars due to injury, lost the best-of-five series three games to one.
New York Rangers vs. Montreal Canadiens
Player statistics
Regular season
Scoring
Goaltending
Playoffs
Scoring
Goaltending
Awards and records
O'Brien Cup – winners of Canadian Division
Hart Trophy – Howie Morenz, most valuable player
Transactions
See also
1931–32 NHL season
References
Montreal Canadiens seasons
Montreal Canadiens
Montreal Canadiens
Fred Latimer Hadsel (March 11, 1916 Oxford, Ohio – April 11, 2010 Lexington, Virginia) was an American Career Foreign Service Officer who served as Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Somalia (1969-1971 and Ghana (1971-1974).
Hadsel earned their undergraduate degree at Miami University, where their father was a professor of Latin, and a master's degree in history and international relations from Clark University and a doctoral degree in European history from the University of Chicago. They were married to Winifred Nelson Hadsel, and had three daughters (Mary Christine, Winifred, and Jane), and six grandchildren (Ruth, David, Tim, Nick, William, and Katharine).
References
External links
The Association for Diplomatic Studies and Training Foreign Affairs Oral History Project>AMBASSADOR FRED L. HADSEL
Ambassadors of the United States to Ghana
Ambassadors of the United States to Somalia
Miami University alumni
Clark University alumni
University of Chicago alumni
People from Lexington, Virginia
{{Infobox actor
|name = Ralph James
|image =
|image_size = 250px
|caption =
|birth_name = Ralph James Torrez
|birth_date = November 29, 1924
|birth_place = Los Angeles County, California, U.S.
|death_date =
|death_place = Beverly Hills, California, U.S.
|occupation = Actor, voice actor
|years_active = 1963–1985
|spouse =
|children =
|known_for = Voice of Orson on ABC-TV's Mork & Mindy TV series Voice for various characters in Looney Tunes and Pink Panther cartoon shorts
}}
Ralph James Torrez (November 29, 1924 – March 14, 1992) was an American voice and character actor who lived in Los Angeles County, California.
Career
Although they did voices for the Looney Tunes, James might be remembered best for performing the voice of Mr. Turtle in the classic commercials for Tootsie Pops which ran throughout the 1970s. From 1978 to 1982, they could be heard as Orson, Mork's (Robin Williams) boss on the Planet Ork, in the live-action TV series Mork & Mindy (a Happy Days spin-off). In addition, they provided character voice overs in the Pink Panther cartoon shorts. They also made several live acting appearances, including the action/sexploitation film Big Bad Mama (1974) starring Angie Dickenson, William Shatner and Tom Skerritt, where they played the minor role of a sheriff, Capone (1975), where they played the part of Judge H.B. Wilkerson, and the part of "Ace" in Sixpack Annie (1975).
Death
On March 14, 1992, James died at the age of 67 in Beverly Hills.
Filmography
External links
1924 births
1992 deaths
American male voice actors
20th-century American male actors
The 2011 Seville City Council election, also the 2011 Seville municipal election, was held on Sunday, 22 May 2011, to elect the 9th City Council of the municipality of Seville. All 33 seats in the City Council were up for election. The election was held simultaneously with regional elections in thirteen autonomous communities and local elections all throughout Spain.
Electoral system
The City Council of Seville () was the top-tier administrative and governing body of the municipality of Seville, composed of the mayor, the government council and the elected plenary assembly. Elections to the local councils in Spain were fixed for the fourth Sunday of May every four years.
Voting for the local assembly was on the basis of universal suffrage, which comprised all nationals over 18 years of age, registered and residing in the municipality of Seville and in full enjoyment of their political rights, as well as resident non-national European citizens and those whose country of origin allowed Spanish nationals to vote in their own elections by virtue of a treaty. Local councillors were elected using the D'Hondt method and a closed list proportional representation, with an electoral threshold of five percent of valid votes—which included blank ballots—being applied in each local council. Councillors were allocated to municipal councils based on the following scale:
The mayor was indirectly elected by the plenary assembly. A legal clause required that mayoral candidates earned the vote of an absolute majority of councillors, or else the candidate of the most-voted party in the assembly was to be automatically appointed to the post. In the event of a tie, the appointee would be determined by lot.
The electoral law allowed for parties and federations registered in the interior ministry, coalitions and groupings of electors to present lists of candidates. Parties and federations intending to form a coalition ahead of an election were required to inform the relevant Electoral Commission within ten days of the election call, whereas groupings of electors needed to secure the signature of a determined amount of the electors registered in the municipality for which they were seeking election, disallowing electors from signing for more than one list of candidates. For the case of Seville, as its population was between 300,001 and 1,000,000, at least 5,000 signatures were required.
Opinion polls
The table below lists voting intention estimates in reverse chronological order, showing the most recent first and using the dates when the survey fieldwork was done, as opposed to the date of publication. Where the fieldwork dates are unknown, the date of publication is given instead. The highest percentage figure in each polling survey is displayed with its background shaded in the leading party's colour. If a tie ensues, this is applied to the figures with the highest percentages. The "Lead" column on the right shows the percentage-point difference between the parties with the highest percentages in a poll. When available, seat projections determined by the polling organisations are displayed below (or in place of) the percentages in a smaller font; 17 seats were required for an absolute majority in the City Council of Seville.
Results
Notes
References
Opinion poll sources
Other
Seville
Elections in Seville
Winchester (Chesil) railway station was, for the first six years after the opening of the line, the terminus of the Didcot, Newbury and Southampton Railway (DNSR), until the line was extended to link up with the Southern Railway line to Southampton. The station buildings were larger than those of any other DNSR station but were built to the standard designs used by the Great Western Railway (GWR). The station buildings were located on the northbound platform. At the northern end of the station the line passed into the double tracked Chesil Tunnel. The station also included a loading bay and single siding at its southern end accessible from the northbound line.
History
Originally named Winchester Cheesehill, the station was opened with the line from Newbury on 4 May 1885. Initially a terminus, since the intended line southwards to Southampton was never completed, it became a through station on 1 October 1891 when a connecting line to the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) was opened, joining the latter at Shawford Junction.
For a short period between 1918 and 1920, the station was the junction point for the Avington line, built to serve the first world war military camps in the Magdalen Hill Down and Avington Park area. This line diverged from the DNSR on the north side of Chesil Tunnel, and was worked by the Railway Operating Department of the United States Army. The line was dismantled after the end of the war removed its reason for existence.
The station closed temporarily on 4 August 1942, reopening on 8 March 1943. The station was renamed Winchester Chesil on 26 September 1949. Like the other stations on the southern part of the line, Winchester Chesil closed on 7 March 1960; but unlike the others, it was reopened for the next two summers: 18 June 1960 to 10 September 1960 and 17 June 1961 to 9 September 1961, on Saturdays only. After closure the station was demolished and the site is now a car park. The goods shed has been converted to business use.
Bar End Yard and Shed
Further to the south of the station was an area of extensive sidings known as the Bar End Yard. There were 4 sidings, two passing loops, a large good shed, and a ten-ton crane. The goods facilities were withdrawn from 4 April 1966.
Stabling for two horses was located near the main gate; these animals were used to tow a freight delivery cart.
To the east of the line, adjacent to the goods shed, there was an engine shed which opened . This was one of two which provided locomotives for DNSR services, and the only one to actually be located on the line; the other (Didcot) was on a GWR line, but Winchester was a sub-shed of Didcot. It was long, and wide, built of stone and brick, with a slate roof supported by a timber framework. The shed housed a single line of rails, and there was a water tank above the northern end; to the south were a small coal stage and a turntable. On 31 December 1947, two GWR locomotives were based at this shed: Bulldog class 4-4-0 no. 3419, and 2251 class 0-6-0 no. 2252. It closed in July 1953.
Signal box
The signal box at Chesil station was notable for the installation in 1922–23 of an early type of all-electric route-setting using a miniature lever frame in which levers corresponded to appropriate point & signal combinations rather than controlling a single piece of apparatus; the system was designed and supplied by Siemens. It lasted until around 1933 before replacement by an orthodox lever frame giving mechanical control of points and signals – it is believed that the damp conditions of the surrounding area (Chesil station lay partly in a cutting next to St. Giles Hill) caused problems with insulation of the wiring, the installation dating from a time before modern plastics like polythene and PVC were available for use in electrical insulation. The route-setting signal box was only a small scheme and effectively a testbed for a pair of similar but larger installations undertaken at Newport High Street station in South Wales, also during the 1920s.
Routes
Gallery
References
Disused railway stations in Hampshire
Former Great Western Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1885
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1942
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1943
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1960
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1960
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1961
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1961
History of Winchester
The compositions by Giuseppe Corsi are listed in Catalogo della produzione musicale di Giuseppe Corsi, also abbreviated as TriC or TriCo, published by Giovanni Tribuzio in 2014 (Florestano Edizioni). The catalog is organized thematically and contains 83 works between authentic and attributed.
Sacred Vocal Music
Masses
TriC 1: Mass for four voices;
TriC 2: Mass for eight voices [La Luna Piena or Divo Juvenali];
TriC 3: Mass for ten voices.
Parts of mass, motets and other compositions
TriC 4: Credo;
TriC 5: Requiem mass;
TriC 6: Cantate Domino;
TriC 7: Exaudi Domine;
TriC 8: Dum medium silentium;
TriC 9: Caro mea;
TriC 10: Domine Deus;
TriC 11: Ego sum Pastor Bonus;
TriC 12: O dulcissime Jesu.
Canticles
TriC 13: Benedictus.
Psalms
TriC 14: Miserere [psalm 50];
TriC 15: Miserere [psalm 50];
TriC 16: Miserere for Ferdinando de' Medici [psalm 50];
TriC 17: Dixit Dominus [psalm 109];
TriC 18: Laudate pueri [psalm 113];
TriC 19: Nisi Dominus [psalm 126];
TriC 20: De profundis [psalm 129].
Antiphons
TriC 21: Omnes sancti;
TriC 22: O quam suavis est Domine;
TriC 23: Stella coeli.
Hymns
TriC 24: Tantum ergo sacramentum.
Responsories
TriC 25: 27 responsories for Ferdinando de' Medici;
TriC 26: Responsoria Hebdomadae Sanctae;
TriC 26a: Aestimatus sum;
TriC 26b: Amicus meus;
TriC 26c: Animam meam;
TriC 26d: Animam meam;
TriC 26e: Astiterunt reges;
TriC 26f: Caligaverunt oculi mei;
TriC 26g: Caligaverunt oculi mei;
TriC 26h: Ecce quomodo moritur justus;
TriC 26i: Ecce quomodo moritur justus;
TriC 26j: Ecce vidimus eum;
TriC 26k: Ecce vidimus eum;
TriC 26l: Eram quasi agnus;
TriC 26m: In monte Oliveti;
TriC 26n: Jerusalum surge;
TriC 26o: Jesus tradidit;
TriC 26p: Judas mercator;
TriC 26q: O vos omnes;
TriC 26r: Omnes amici mei;
TriC 26s: Plange quasi virgo;
TriC 26t: Plange quasi virgo;
TriC 26u: Recessit Pastor noster;
TriC 26v: Seniores populi;
TriC 26w: Seniores populi;
TriC 26x: Sepulto Domino;
TriC 26y: Sepulto Domino;
TriC 26z: Sicut ovis;
TriC 26aa: Tamquam ad latronem;
TriC 26ab: Tenebrae factae sunt;
TriC 26ac: Tradiderunt me;
TriC 26ad: Tristis est anima mea;
TriC 26ae: Una hora;
TriC 26af: Unus ex discipulis;
TriC 26ag: Unus ex discipulis;
TriC 26ah: Velum templi;
TriC 26ai: Vinea mea electa;
TriC 26aj: Vinea mea electa.
Litanies
TriC 27: Litanie à 9 concertate;
Motets
TriC 28: Adoramus te Christe;
TriC 29: Benedicam Dominum;
TriC 30: Christum regem adoremus;
TriC 31: Domine libera animam;
TriC 32: Exultet terra;
TriC 33: Heu nos miseros;
TriC 34: Isti sunt qui venerunt;
TriC 35: Judica mihi;
TriC 36: Lumen pacis ortum est;
TriC 37: O quam bonus est Dominus;
TriC 38: Panem de coelo praestitisti eis;
TriC 39: Revertere;
TriC 40: Venite comedite.
Oratorios
TriC 41: Ismaele e Agar esigliati dalla Casa di Abramo;
TriC 42: Latin oratorio;
TriC 43: Latin oratorio for nine voices (Benedictio Iacob, TriC 73);
TriC 44: Santi Alessandro et Antonina martiri.
Sacred cantatas
TriC 45: Non hà limiti né mete;
TriC 46: Passati contenti;
TriC 47: Pastori ove siete?;
TriC 48: 3 sacred cantatas with instruments for Ranuccio II Farnese for the Holy Week of 1688.
Secular Vocal Music
Cantata for one voice and b.c.
TriC 49: Abbandonato e solo [Il Nerone];
TriC 50: Ardo ma l'ardor mio;
TriC 51: Belle aurette che spiegate;
TriC 52: Che goder non si dan gioie;
TriC 53: Ch'io canti una canzona;
TriC 54: Chi desia veder un core;
TriC 55: Cieli non più;
TriC 56: Con chi l'havete;
TriC 57: Cruda legge del mio fato;
TriC 58: Dalle balze sicane;
TriC 59: È superba ed insolente;
TriC 60: Era la notte e lo stellato cielo [La Stravaganza];
TriC 61: Fuggian l'ombre del suol;
TriC 62: L'addolorato Eurillo;
TriC 63: Me lo volete dire;
TriC 64: Nel meglio del gioire [Il Delirio];
TriC 65: Qual dedalo d'affanni;
TriC 66: S'era alquanto addormentato [Inquietudine amorosa];
TriC 67: Son disperato, ohimè;
TriC 68: T'amai, crudele è vero;
TriC 69: Voglio amar chi piace a.
Cantatas for two voices and b.c.
TriC 70: Guerra, o pensier, all'armi.
Cantatas for three voices and b.c.
TriC 71: Chi ama non speri.
Attributed Works
Sacred music
TriC 72: Sequence Stabat Mater;
TriC 73: Oratorio Benedictio Iacob;
TriC 74: Oratorio Santa Teodora;
Secular Vocal Music
TriC 75: 2 madrigali per Ferdinando de' Medici;
TriC 76: 2 cantate per Ferdinando de' Medici.
Spurious Works
Sacred music
TriC 77: Responsory Caligaverunt oculi mei (by Giacomo Antonio Perti);
TriC 78: Motet Adjuva nos Deus (by Giovanni Battista Casali);
TriC 79: Motet Christum regem adoremus (by Giovanni Battista Casali or Pietro Paolo Bencini);
TriC 80: Sacred cantata Del famoso oriente [La Madre Ebrea] (by Antonio Cesti).
Secular vocal music
TriC 81: Cantata S'inganna il mio pensier (by Giovanni Salvatore or Domenico Salvatore);
TriC 82: Aria Vorrei spiegarti o cara (by Pasquale Cafaro);
TriC 83: AriaVuoi saper l'affanno mio (by Pasquale Cafaro).
Note
Corsi da Celano, Giuseppe
Baroque compositions
Def Jam Rapstar is a music video game based on rapping, developed by 4mm Games and Terminal Reality. It was released on October 5, 2010 in North America and on November 26, 2010 in Europe.
Gameplay
Def Jam Rapstar is a rap-themed karaoke game. The game uses radio versions of all its tracks to secure a "Teen" rating by the ESRB. Players are not penalized for cursing, but it is not a required part of the game. There are two modes, Career and Party modes. The Career mode is in five stages. Each stage has eight tracks for the player to master, including a New Song Challenge which is unlocked as the player progresses through the stage. The Party mode allows players to simply pick an individual song and perform it.
Development
Executive Vice President Paul Coyne of 4mm Games said, "Internally, we used [Get On Da Mic] as the architectural model of how not to do Def Jam Rapstar."
Reception
The PlayStation 3 version received "generally favorable reviews", while the Xbox 360 and Wii versions received "mixed or average reviews" according to video game review aggregator Metacritic.
The Guardian gave the Xbox 360 version four stars out of five and called it "an absolute must. If you've found yourself mouthing the words to A Milli on the tube, there's a huge amount of fun to be had here. And while it doesn't have the universal appeal of its more mainstream counterparts, the potential of its online feature means it could well become a huge sleeper success."
IGN gave the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions of the game a 7.5 out of 10. They praised the scoring accuracy and the features, but criticized the censorship in the songs as the game went for a "Teen" rating.
See also
Karaoke Revolution
SingStar
Battle Rap Stars
References
2010 video games
Def Jam video games
Kinect games
Konami games
Music video games
Karaoke video games
PlayStation 3 games
Video games developed in the United States
Wii games
Xbox 360 games
Multiplayer and single-player video games
Terminal Reality games
Pryse Lockhart Gordon (24 April 1762 – 2 September 1845), was a Scottish writer of memoirs.
Life
Gordon was born 24 April 1762 at Ardersier, Inverness-shire, where their father, the Rev. Harry Gordon, was minister of the parish. After their father's death (15 March 1764) their mother went to live with their father, the Revd Walter Morrison, in Banffshire. Young Gordon was educated at the parish school of Banff, and subsequently at the University of Aberdeen, where they did not remain long, obtaining a commission in the marines at the age of fifteen. They were principally employed in recruiting, and seems to have seen no active service except a few cruises, which yielded him, they say, £17 in prize-money. In 1792 they obtained a commission in a regiment raised by the Duke of Gordon, and after five years' service in Scotland was allowed to accompany their friend Lord Montgomery, an invalid, to Italy, where they remained until 1801, returning to find their regiment disbanded.
They obtained employment at Menorca; but as they were on the point of embarking, 'my good fortune threw in my way an amiable young widow', whom they married in autumn 1801. This rendered them independent of military service. After living at Banff Castle and in Sloane Street, London, they went to Sicily with Lord Montgomery in 1811, and remained there until 1813, when they were prostrated by a sunstroke. The following year, after the peace, they took up their residence at Brussels, where they remained until their death. They died in Cheltenham on 2 September 1845. Their only son, George Huntly Gordon, died on 27 December 1868 at the age of 72.
Writings
In 1823 Gordon wrote a guide for travellers, entitled A Companion to Italy, the success of which led to the appearance of their Personal Memoirs in 1830. This contained reminiscences of notable persons known to the author, including Lady Hamilton, George Brydges Rodney, Richard Porson, Charles Burney, and James Perry of the Morning Chronicle. It sketches picture and antiquity hunting, at a time when bargains were to be had, and connoisseurs were liable to be imposed upon. Gordon themselves obtained for Burney the copy of Constantine Lascaris's Grammar, the first Greek book printed, which went to the British Museum. There is a description of the English at Brussels on the eve of the Battle of Waterloo. Their reminiscences of Rodney asserted that Rodney, upon their return to England, volunteered to Gordon an acknowledgement of their acquaintance with Clerk of Eldin's essay on naval tactics, and their indebtedness to it. In 1834 Gordon published Holland and Belgium, with notes on the Belgian Revolution and its causes.
References
1762 births
1845 deaths
18th-century Scottish writers
19th-century Scottish writers
People from Inverness
People from Banff, Aberdeenshire
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Scottish memoirists
Brandon Nakashima (born August 3, 2001) is an American professional tennis player. They have been ranked as high as world No. 48 in singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP), which they achieved in September 2022. They also reached a career-high doubles ranking of No. 347 in June 2022.
After graduating from High Bluff Academy in Rancho Santa Fe, They had enrolled at the University of Virginia to play collegiate tennis, but chose to forgo their remaining years of eligibility after their first year. As a professional, Nakashima broke into the top 100 in August 2021 after reaching their first two ATP Tour finals. Their breakout success qualified them for the 2021 Next Generation ATP Finals, the year-end tournament for the top-ranked singles players aged 21 and under, where they made it to the semifinals, and they closed the season at a career-high ranking of No. 62.
Junior career
As a junior, Nakashima was ranked as high as No. 3 in the world. In 2018, they won two titles on the International Tennis Federation (ITF) junior circuit and went on to win that year's ITF Junior Masters, the year-end tournament for the top-ranked junior singles players
Collegiate career
Nakashima graduated from high school, High Bluff Academy in San Diego, a semester early, before enrolling at the University of Virginia in January 2019 at the age of 17. During their time at UVA, they finished the season with a 17–5 record in singles and 20–3 record in doubles. At the end of the season they received the ACC-Freshman of the Year and All-ACC First Team awards and was also a part of the All-ACC Academic Team. After one semester they decided to forgo their remaining years of eligibility and turn professional.
Professional career
2020: First ATP main draw, Grand Slam debut
In February 2020, Nakashima received a wildcard into the Delray Beach Open (his first ATP main draw event), where they reached the quarterfinals, defeating Jiří Veselý and Cameron Norrie before falling to Yoshihito Nishioka.
Later in the year at the US Open (his Grand Slam main draw debut as a wildcard), Nakashima defeated Paolo Lorenzi before being beaten by 5th seed and eventual runner-up, Alexander Zverev.
2021: First two tour finals, Next Gen ATP Finals, Top 70 debut
Nakashima qualified into a Grand Slam main draw for the first time at Wimbledon. They lost in the first round to compatriot and 31st seed, Taylor Fritz.
Nakashima reached their first final in Los Cabos, where after beating J. J. Wolf, 4th seed Sam Querrey, 5th seed Jordan Thompson (after saving 3 match points), and 2nd seed John Isner, they lost to 1st seed Cameron Norrie in the final. From this run, the 19-year-old Nakashima became the youngest American to reach an ATP final since a then 18-year-old Taylor Fritz got to the final of the Memphis Open in 2016.
A week later in Atlanta, Nakashima reached their second final in as many weeks but lost to 6th seed John Isner in the championship match. As a result of this good run, Nakashima cracked the top 100 for the first time, coming in at world No. 89 on August 2, 2021, a day before their 20th birthday.
As a qualifier at the 2021 European Open, they reached the quarterfinals where they lost to Diego Schwartzman. As a result they reached a new career-high ranking of No. 70 on October 25, 2021.
Nakashima qualified for the 2021 Next Generation ATP Finals as the fourth seed in recognition of their breakout success in the year among players aged 21 and under. In their group, they notched wins against Juan Manuel Cerúndolo and Holger Rune, taking them to the semifinals, before they lost to eventual finalist Sebastian Korda in five sets. They ended the year at a career-high of No. 62 and was nominated ATP Newcomer of the Year.
2022: Maiden ATP title, First Major fourth round, Top 50 debut
At the 2022 French Open, Nakashima reached the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time, where they lost to 3rd seed Alexander Zverev.
At the 2022 Wimbledon Championships, they reached the fourth round of a Major for the first time in their career defeating Daniel Elahi Galán. They lost a tight five-set contest to eventual runner-up Nick Kyrgios. They reached the top 50 on 11 July 2022 at world No. 49.
Seeded fifth at their home tournament, the 2022 San Diego Open, they reached their third ATP final after defeating Christopher O'Connell. In the final, they defeated Marcos Giron to win their first career title.
World TeamTennis
Nakashima made their World TeamTennis debut in 2020 with the Chicago Smash for their inaugural season.
Nakashima excelled in singles play for the Smash and also paired up with Rajeev Ram throughout the season in men's doubles to help Chicago earn a No. 2 seed in WTT Playoffs. The Smash defeated the Orlando Storm to earn a spot in the final, but ultimately fell to the New York Empire in a Supertiebreaker.
Personal life
Nakashima's father is a Japanese American born in California, while their mother was born in Vietnam and moved to California at age 5.
Performance timeline
Singles
Current through the 2022 San Diego Open.
ATP career finals
Singles: 3 (1 title, 2 runner-ups)
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 5 (5–0)
Doubles: 1 (0–1)
Record against other players
Record against top 10 players
Nakashima's record against players who have been ranked in the top 10, with those who are active in boldface. Only ATP Tour main draw matches are considered:
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
American male tennis players
American sportspeople of Japanese descent
American sportspeople of Vietnamese descent
Virginia Cavaliers men's tennis players
Tennis players from San Diego
Japanese-American tennis players
The 57th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1998 Nova Scotia general election, the 56th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 57th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1999 Nova Scotia general election, the 57th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 58th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 35th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Cerotoma trifurcata (also known as the bean leaf beetle) is a species of beetle in the Chrysomelidae family that can be found in the Eastern and West United States.
Description
Adult beetles are in length, and have a punctated elytron at their posterior region. Morphs can occur with red or yellow elytra and four black spots as well as a non-spotted morph. The head is always black.
Habitat and ecology
The beetle feeds mostly on vegetables that are in the cotyledon-stage, such as cucumbers, cucurbits, pumpkin, and squash. It also can be a pest of legumes such as soybean. In early spring, adult beetles emerge to feed on legumes, such as alfalfa, before crops such as soybeans and green beans are available.
Multiple generations occur per year depending on growing season length with one generation in northern climates, such as Ontario, one to two generations in the Upper Midwest US, and three generations in the southeastern US.
Bean leaf beetle mostly overwinters in woodlot leaf litter, but can also be found in crop fields under soybean debris. Significant mortality can occur below
Feeding
Larvae feed in the soil on plant roots, while adults consume vegetative tissue on host plants. Bean leaf beetle can also transmit bean pod mottle virus to beans through feeding. Feeding can significantly affect crop yield in some cases, although such damage is highly dependent on beetle densities in a field. Insecticides, such as pyrethroids, and delayed planting dates have been used to manage bean leaf beetle populations, but conditions when such measures are effective vary. Insecticidal seed treatments alone do not increase yield in areas prone to bean leaf beetle feeding or virus transmission.
References
Galerucinae
Beetles described in 1771
Insects of the United States
Taxa named by Johann Reinhold Forster
The Indy Pro 2000 Championship Presented by Cooper Tires, formerly known as the Star Mazda Championship and later Pro Mazda Championship, is an open-wheel racing series serving as the third step on the Road to Indy ladder system, between the U.S. F2000 Championship and Indy Lights. The series is sanctioned by the United States Auto Club and operated by Andersen Promotions. The series' champion is awarded a scholarship package to advance to Indy Lights competition for the following season. It competes on all open-wheel disciplines: road courses, street courses, and ovals.
The series' primary sponsor is the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company via their Cooper Tires brand.
Many Pro Mazda graduates have gone on to race in top-tier open-wheel series, including American Formula One and NASCAR driver Scott Speed, IndyCar Series drivers Marco Andretti, Graham Rahal, James Hinchcliffe and Raphael Matos, and Rolex Sports Car Series and NASCAR driver Michael McDowell.
History
Background
In 1983, a number of Formula Ford race cars powered by Mazda rotary engines were built by Hayashi Racing in Japan and imported to the United States for use by the Jim Russell Racing School. Enough cars were constructed to run a one-make series, the Mazda Pro Series, which began in 1984 at the Long Beach Grand Prix. In late 1984, following modifications to the cars' rollover structures to bring them in line with SCCA regulations, the so-called "Formula Russell" became so popular that numerous regional and divisional series were established by the Jim Russell Racing School.
Throughout the remainder of the 1980s, the series would gain six geographic divisions, each of which held their own championship. Early Mazda Pro Series competitors included Johnny O'Connell, Tommy Kendall, Mike Groff, Jeff Krosnoff, Norm Breedlove (son of Craig Breedlove), and Jon Beekhuis.
Foundation
1990s
The Star Mazda Championship debuted in 1991 at Willow Springs, with Mark Rodrigues driving for Valley Motor Center (the constructor of the new 1990 chassis) claiming the inaugural win. The series gradually rose in importance on the American open-wheel racing landscape, as similar series such as the Barber Dodge Pro Series, Formula BMW Americas and Formula TR 2000 Pro Series ceased to operate, and later emerged as the primary series of its kind in the US.
1996 marked the first Star Mazda Championship race as a supporting event on an Indy Racing League weekend at the Phoenix 200 in March, and the first nationally televised Star Mazda Championship race. A new title sponsor was gained in 1999, making the series the Best Western Star Mazda Championship; the same year, it became a national professional series supporting the American Le Mans Series in its inaugural year. Joey Hand won five of the season's seven races and became the first driver in series history to win four races in a row. Their prize included a new Mazda Miata road car.
2000s
In 2001, the series was renamed the Star Mazda North American Championship Presented by Goodyear. Scott Bradley with World Speed Motorsports claimed the championship.
In 2003, the decision was made to utilize the Mazda RX-8's new 13B-MSP Renesis engine in a new Star Mazda car. The Star Mazda "Pro" car was introduced the following year, with a carbon fiber chassis built by Élan Motorsport Technologies and a power output of from said Renesis engine (up from the previous 13B's ). Michael McDowell, Raphael Matos, and Adrian Carrio won the 2004, 2005, and 2006 championships, respectively.
2007 saw the formation of the Mazdaspeed Motorsports Driver Development Ladder, created to provide funding for champions in various Mazda-powered series to move up in class. Dane Cameron became the first Star Mazda champion to move up to the Atlantic Championship via the Mazdaspeed ladder. Joel Miller, the 2007 Skip Barber Pro Series Champion, became the first driver to move up to Star Mazda via the ladder in 2008.
Also in 2008, the Star Mazda Championship changed from rolling starts to standing starts to better prepare drivers for moving up to the Atlantic Championship and Champ Car World Series. Bias-ply racing slicks were abandoned in favour of radials designed specifically for the series by Goodyear (the sole tire provider for the national series since its inception). Both Goodyear and Mazda signed 5-year extensions of their title sponsorship of the series, through the end of the 2012 season.
In 2009, the Star Mazda car underwent its first major mechanical upgrade since it was introduced, which included a revised aerodynamic package and engine and suspension modifications. This optional upgrade was designed to lower the cost of competition and make the car easier to maintain and tune. That year, Raphael Matos became the first Star Mazda driver to race in each Mazda-powered series (Skip Barber, Star Mazda, Atlantic) and graduate to IndyCar. Oval races also rejoined the Star Mazda schedule for the first time since 2006; events included the Milwaukee Mile (winner Anders Krohn) and the Iowa Speedway (winner Peter Dempsey).
2010s
In 2010, the Star Mazda Championship became a part of the IRL-sanctioned Mazda Road to Indy program, alongside the U.S. F2000 and Indy Lights. Through the Mazda Road to Indy program, the Star Mazda champion would receive funding to compete in Indy Lights the following year. The first Road to Indy race was held with all three series at the same event, the 2010 Grand Prix of St. Petersburg. Championship winner Conor Daly became the fourth driver in Star Mazda history (after Joey Hand in 1999, Michael McDowell in 2004, and Raphael Matos in 2005) to win four races in a row. Andretti Autosport joined the series in 2011, becoming the first team to compete at every level of the Road to Indy, including IndyCar. Tristan Vautier and Jack Hawksworth respectively won the 2011 and 2012 championships.
In December 2012, Star Mazda series founder Gary Rodriguez announced that the series had been sold to Dan Andersen's Andersen Promotions (which already sanctioned the Cooper Tires USF2000 Championship Powered by Mazda) and would be renamed the Pro Mazda Championship. Andersen previously owned a multi-car Star Mazda team, Andersen Racing. Following the departure of Mazda from the Road to Indy program at the end of 2018, the series was rebranded to the Indy Pro 2000, with Andersen Promotions maintaining its ownership of the series. Rookie Matthew Brabham of Andretti Autosport won the 2013 championship, with Gabby Chaves, Sage Karam, Jack Hawksworth, and Zach Veach advancing to Indy Lights.
in 2014, Juncos Racing's Spencer Pigot and Wayne Taylor Racing's Scott Hargrove battled down to the wire, with the championship title changing hands three times through the last race. Pigot, leading going into the race, came together with Hargrove and fell to the back of the field, only to see their championship hopes return when Hargrove's gearbox failed. Pigot took the title by 10 points and earned the Mazda scholarship into the Indy Lights series. Also graduating to Indy lights were Pigot's Juncos teammate Kyle Kaiser and Andretti Autosport's Shelby Blackstock.
Uruguayan Santiago Urrutia earned the 2015 title over American Neil Alberico with three wins and 10 podium finishes. Uruttia earned a $590,300 scholarship into the Indy Lights series, where they would be joined by Alberico and Andretti's Dalton Kellett.
Team Pelfrey teammates Pato O'Ward and Aaron Telitz battled throughout the 2016 season, with O'Ward taking six of the first seven victories and Telitz taking five of the final seven. Telitz's run of nine straight podium finishes (including a sweep of the victories at their home track of Road America) to end the season sealed their championship victory and the $601,700 scholarship into the Indy Lights series.
With the new Tatuus PM-18 car coming into use in 2018, increased incentives made the 2017 Pro Mazda Championship an attractive prospect. The scholarship to Indy Lights was increased to $790,300, the top three in the final championship standings would be awarded an Indy Lights test, and the top rookie would receive a Mazda road car. Juncos Racing's Victor Franzoni and Cape Motorsports' Anthony Martin enjoyed a spirited fight from the season opener, with the pair splitting the first 10 races of the season. At the Watkins Glen finale, Franzoni scored both victories to take the 2017 championship over Martin by 18 points. Franzoni graduated to Indy Lights with Juncos Racing, who fielded a team in the 2018 Indianapolis 500.
Cars
Tatuus PM-18 (2018-2021)
The Tatuus PM-18, used from 2018 through 2021, is based on the previous year's USF-17 chassis to help control teams' operational costs.
Chassis: Includes side impact panels, front and rear impact structures, HANS-compliant IndyCar head restraint, front and rear wheel tethers, upgraded uprights, and upgraded front bulkhead structure for US-specific ovals
Bodywork: Unique Indy Pro 2000 engine cover, carbon composite diffuser, adjustable dual-element rear wing and single plane carbon fiber front wing with adjustable flaps and Indy Pro 2000-specific front and rear endplates. All bodywork carbon fiber construction.
Electrical: Cosworth Omega L2 Plus Data Logger linked via CAN to Cosworth SQ6 ECU and GCU; option to upgrade to an Omega Pro at an added cost
Steering wheel: Cosworth CFW277 with integrated dash and gear change paddles
Fuel capacity:
Fuel delivery: Electronic fuel injection
Suspension: Dynamic DSSV two-way adjustable dampers and a range of adjustable front and rear anti-roll bars. Springs provided by Hyperco, with six spring rates available, interchangeable for front and rear axles. Upgraded front and rear uprights for US-specific ovals. Ride height, camber, and toe adjustment on both axles, with roll center, anti-squat, and anti-dive adjustments on the rear axle.
Tatuus IP-22 (2022)
The Tatuus IP-22 is the replacement for the PM-18, now featuring a halo.
Champions
References
External links
Auto racing series in the United States
Auto racing series in Canada
Recurring sporting events established in 1991
International Motor Sports Association
Formula racing series
Mazda
One-make series
Road to Indy
The 21st Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the Nova Scotia general election, 1859, the 21st general election to take place in the Colony of Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error which occurred this election) 22nd General Assembly of Nova Scotia, or
the 1949 Nova Scotia general election, the 43rd overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 44th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 21st general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
Abel Boyer (1667? – 16 November 1729) was a French-English lexicographer, journalist and miscellaneous writer.
Biography
Abel Boyer was probably born on 24 June 1667 at Castres, in Upper Languedoc, southern France. Their father, Pierre Boyer, one of the two consuls or chief magistrates of Castres, had been suspended and fined for their Protestantism. Boyer's education at the academy of Puylaurens was interrupted by the religious disturbances, and leaving France with their maternal uncle Pierre Campdomerc, a noted Huguenot preacher, they finished their studies at Franeker in Friesland, after a brief episode, it is said, of military service in Holland. Proceeding to England in 1689 they fell into great poverty, and is represented as transcribing and preparing for the press Dr. Thomas Smith's edition of William Camden's Latin correspondence (London, 1691). A good classical scholar, Boyer became in 1692 tutors to Allen Bathurst, afterwards first Earl Bathurst, whose father Sir Benjamin was treasurer of the household of the princess, afterwards Queen Anne. Probably through this connection they were appointed French teacher to their son Prince William, Duke of Gloucester, for whose use they prepared and to whom they dedicated The Complete French Master, published in 1694. Disappointed of advancement on account of their zeal for Whig principles, they abandoned tuition for authorship.
In December 1699, Boyer produced on the London stage, with indifferent success, a modified translation in blank verse of Jean Racine's Iphigénie, which was published in 1700 as Achilles or Iphigenia in Aulis, a tragedy written by Mr. Boyer. A second edition of it appeared in 1714 as The Victim, or Achilles and Iphigenia in Aulis, in an "advertisement" prefixed to which Boyer stated that in its first form it had "passed the correction and approbation" of John Dryden.
In 1699 also the work for which Boyer is the best known was published, The Royal Dictionary, "In two parts. First, French and English. Secondly, English and French", ostensibly composed for the use of the Duke of Gloucester, then dead. In 1700 Boyer produced an abridged version, and in 1702 a version titled in French was published in The Hague. It was much superior to every previous work of the kind, and has been the basis of very many subsequent French-English dictionaries; the last English unabridged edition is that of 1816; the edition published at Paris in 1860 is stated to be the 41st. For the English-French section Boyer claimed the merit of containing a more complete English dictionary than any previous one, the English words and idioms in it being defined and explained as well as accompanied by their French equivalents. In the French preface to the whole work, Boyer said that 1,000 English words not in any other English dictionary had been added to theirs by Richard Savage, whom they spoke of as their friend, and who assisted them in several of their French manuals and miscellaneous compilations and translations published subsequently. The macrostructure and microstructure of the entries in Boyer's Royal Dictionary was copied by Ó Beaglaoich in their English-Irish Dictionary of 1732. Among the English versions of French works executed in whole or in part by Boyer was a popular translation of Fénelon's Télémaque, of which a twelfth edition appeared in 1728.
In 1702, Boyer published a History of William III, which included one of James II, and in 1703 they began to issue The History of the Reign of Queen Anne digested into annals, a yearly register of political and miscellaneous occurrences, containing several plans and maps illustrating the military operations of the war of the Spanish succession. Before the last volume, the eleventh, of this work appeared in 1713, they had started publishing a similar monthly periodical, The Political State of Great Britain, being an impartial account of the most material occurrences, ecclesiastical, civil, and military, in a monthly letter to a friend in Holland (38 volumes, 1711–29). Its contents, which were those of a monthly newspaper, included abstracts of the chief political pamphlets published on both sides, and, like the Annals, is, both from its form and matter, very useful for reference. The Political State is, moreover, particularly noticeable as being the first periodical, issued at brief intervals, which contained a parliamentary chronicle, and in which parliamentary debates were reported with comparative regularity and with some approximation to accuracy. In the case of the House of Lords' reports various devices, such as giving only the initials of the names of the speakers, were resorted to escape punishment, but in the case of the House of Commons the entire names were frequently given. According to Boyer's own account (preface to their folio History of Queen Anne, and to vol. xxxvii. of the Political State) they had been furnished by members of both houses of parliament (among whom they mentioned Lord Stanhope) with reports of their speeches, and they had even succeeded in becoming an occasional 'ear-witness' of the debates themselves. When they were threatened at the beginning of 1729 with arrest by the printers of the votes, whose monopoly they accused them of infringing, they asserted that for thirty years in their History of King William, their Annals, and in their Political State, they had given reports of parliamentary debates without being molested. The threat induced them to discontinue the publication of the debates. They intended to resume the work, but failed to carry out their intention. They died in a house which they had built for themselves at Chelsea, London.
Besides conducting the periodicals mentioned, Boyer began in 1705 to edit the Post-boy, a thrice-a-week London news-sheet. Their connection with it ended in August 1709, through a quarrel with the proprietor, when Boyer started on their own account a True Post-boy, which seems to have been short-lived. A Case which they printed in vindication of their right to use the name of Post-boy for their new venture gives some curious particulars of the way in which the news-sheets of the time were manufactured. Boyer was also the author of pamphlets, in one of which, An Account of the State and Progress of the present Negotiations of Peace, they attacked Jonathan Swift, who writes in the Journal to Stella (16 October 1711), after dining with Bolingbroke:
Boyer was discharged from custody through the intervention, they say, of Robert Harley, to whom they boast of having rendered services. Though they professed a strict political impartiality in the conduct of their principal periodicals, Boyer was a zealous whig. For this reason doubtless Alexander Pope gave them a niche in The Dunciad (book ii. 413), where, under the soporific influence of Dulness, "Boyer the state, and Law the stage gave o'er" their crime, according to Pope's explanatory note, being that they were "a voluminous compiler of annals, political collections, &c."
Works
Boyer was a prolific author: the British Library's 1880 catalogue used nearly four folio pages of print to list their works.
The compleat French master for ladies and gentlemen: being a new method, to learn with ease and delight the French tongue, 1694
Character of the Virtues and Vices of the Age, 1695
A Geographical and Historical Description of those Parts of Europe which are the Seat of War, 1696
Royal Dictionary, 1699
Achilles, or, Iphigenia in Aulis a tragedy as it is acted at the Theatre Royal in Drury-lane , 1700
The Wise and Ingenious Companion, French and English, 1700
The Draughts of the most Remarkable Fortified Towns of Europe, 1701
English Theophrastus, or, Manners of the Age: Being the Modern Characters of the Court, the Town, and the City, 1702
The History of King William the Third, 3 vols, 1702-3
Theory and Practice of Architecture, 1703
The History of the Reign of Queen Anne Digested into Annals, 1703–13
An Account of the State and Progress of the Present Negotiation of Peace, 1711
Les soupirs de l'Europe etc., or, The groans of Europe at the prospect of the present posture of affairs, 1713, tr. from Jean Dumont
A Philological Essay, or, Reflections on the Death of Free-Thinkers, 1713, tr. from André-François Deslandes
Memoirs of the Life and Negotiations of Sir William Temple, 1714
Compleat and Impartial History of the Impeachments of the Last Ministry, 1716
The Interest of Great Britain, 1716
(Anon.) Animadversions and Observations, 1718
History of Queen Anne, 1722, second edition 1735, with maps and plans illustrating Marlborough's campaigns, and "a regular series of all the medals that were struck to commemorate the great events of this reign"
(Anon.) Memoirs of the Life and Negotiations of Sir William Temple, Bart., containing the most important occurrences and the most secret springs of affairs in Christendom from the year 1655 to the year 1681; with an account of Sir W. Temple's writings, 1714, second edition 1715
(with J. Innes) Le Grand Theatre de l'Honneur, French and English, 1729, containing a dictionary of heraldic terms and a treatise on heraldry, with engravings of the arms of the sovereign princes and states of Europe. Published by subscription and dedicated to Frederick, Prince of Wales.
References
Attribution
External links
1667 births
1729 deaths
People from Castres
18th-century French historians
French lexicographers
Huguenots
English–French translators
French–English translators
Ian Wallace Payne (18 July 1921 in Dunedin – 16 May 2011 in Dunedin) was a New Zealand cricketer who played for Otago in the Plunket Shield.
See also
List of Otago representative cricketers
References
1921 births
2011 deaths
New Zealand cricketers
Otago cricketers
Are We There Yet? is a 1991 puzzle video game developed by Manley & Associates for IBM PC compatibles and published by Electronic Arts.
Gameplay
Are We There Yet? is a game in which the Mallard family wins a coupon book to tourist traps, and must solve puzzles in each state before they can come home.
Reception
Stanley Trevena reviewed the game for Computer Gaming World, and stated that "Are We There, Yet? is a puzzle bonanza that should be sampled by all conundrum connoisseurs."
Reviews
ASM (Aktueller Software Markt) - Feb, 1992
VideoGames & Computer Entertainment
Aktueller Software Markt
Game Players PC Entertainment
Compute!
References
1991 video games
DOS games
DOS-only games
Electronic Arts games
Geography educational video games
Puzzle video games
Video games set in the United States
Works about vacationing
Peggy Sinclair is an English actor. They were married to the actor Richard Coleman.
Credits
Television
Peggy also appears uncredited as a Children's Panellist in "And Mother Makes Five" in the episode "Double Standards".
Film
References
External links
English television actores
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Pierce House may refer to:
In the United States
(Listed by state, then city)
Alabama
William F. Pierce House, Eutaw, Alabama, listed on the NRHP in Alabama
Arizona
Harry E. Pierce House, Phoenix, Arizona, listed on the NRHP in Phoenix, Arizona
N. Clyde, House, Phoenix, Arizona, listed on the NRHP in Phoenix, Arizona
California
Pierce Ranch, Inverness, California, listed on the NRHP in Marin County, California
Colorado
Pierce-Haley House, Denver, Colorado, listed on the NRHP in downtown Denver, Colorado
Florida
Thomas R. Pierce House, Bushnell, Florida, listed on the NRHP in Florida
Idaho
Pierce–Borah House, Garden City, Idaho, listed on the NRHP in Ada County, Idaho
Indiana
James Pierce Jr. House, West Lafayette, Indiana, [listed on the NRHP in Tippecanoe County, Indiana
Massachusetts
Pierce Farm Historic District, Arlington, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Pierce–Hichborn House, Boston, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Pierce House (Dorchester, Massachusetts), in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Spencer-Pierce-Little House, Newbury, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
F. Lincoln Pierce Houses, Newton, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Pierce House (Reading, Massachusetts), listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Capt. Mial Pierce Farm, Rehoboth, Massachusetts, listed on the NRHP in Massachusetts
Peirce–Nichols House, Salem, Massachusetts
Minnesota
Pierce House (Rochester, Minnesota), Rochester, Minnesota, listed on the NRHP in Olmsted County, Minnesota
New Hampshire
Pierce Manse or Franklin Pierce House, Concord, New Hampshire, listed on the NRHP in New Hampshire
Franklin Pierce Homestead, Hillsborough, New Hampshire, listed on the NRHP in New Hampshire
New Mexico
Pierce-Fuller House, Red River, New Mexico, listed on the NRHP in Taos County, New Mexico
New York
Charles Pierce House, Durham, New York, listed on the NRHP in New York
North Carolina
John M. Pierce House, Crumpler, North Carolina, listed on the NRHP in North Carolina
Ohio
Elijah Pierce Properties, Columbus, Ohio, listed on the NRHP in Ohio
Edgar T. Pierce House, Salem, Oregon, listed on the NRHP in Oregon
Pennsylvania
Lukens Pierce House, Ercildoun, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP in Pennsylvania
Jonas J. Pierce House, Sharpsville, Pennsylvania, listed on the NRHP in Pennsylvania
Tillie Pierce House Bed & Breakfast, (Maltilda's Mercantile), Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, listed as a 19th-century Civil War Building of Adams County
Joseph Pierce Farm, North Kingstown, Rhode Island, listed on the NRHP in Rhode Island
Washington, D.C.
Pierce Springhouse and Barn, Washington, D.C., listed on the NRHP in Washington, D.C.
Pierce-Klingle Mansion, Washington, D.C.,listed on the NRHP in Washington, D.C.
Wisconsin
Carrie Pierce House, Madison, Wisconsin, listed on the NRHP in Wisconsin
See also
Pierce House (Boston, Massachusetts) (disambiguation)
Dillon's Dead-Heat Breakers is a video game developed by Vanpool and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS. It was released in Japan in April 2018, with English releases in North America, Europe, and Australia the following month, with the North American version being limited as digital-only. A sequel to Dillon's Rolling Western, it takes place in a post-apocalyptic world and features Dillon, an anthropomorphic armadillo who must defend frontier villages from walking rock-like monsters. The player is included in the game's cast as their Mii avatar in the form of an "Amiimal" with added animal features from various species. It received mixed reviews from critics, who most greatly criticized its repetitiveness.
Plot
The game has a darker setting compared to its predecessors, changing its world to be post-apocalyptic. From their home base in The City, Dillon and a band of mercenaries helps defend smaller towns and other locations from the Grock invasion.
Gameplay
The game is a combination of tower defense and action elements. The player must defend against walking rock monsters called Grocks. Mercenaries and the player's avatar use guns to fight the monsters from towers while the player controls Dillon and dashes around the map to fight the monsters one on one.
The Grocks have several stages in their invasion process - once they finish attacking on land, their mothership transforms them into vehicles that race around the roadways of the map. In the third phase, the Grocks become superpowered and charge directly at the base.
Development
The game's setting was changed away from Western-themed to post-apocalyptic because it was seen as more of a familiar setting to modern audiences. Its producer, Kensuke Tanabe, said it drew inspiration from Mad Max and was originally only going to be a racing game, but the old gameplay was later combined with the new.
Reception
Dillon's Dead-Heat Breakers received an aggregate score of 69/100 on Metacritic. Neal Ronaghan of Nintendo World Report rated the game 8.5/10, saying that while the game was greatly improved from its predecessors, its pace was overly slow. CJ Andriessen of Destructoid rated it 75/100, calling it a "solid adventure through and through", but criticizing the existence of a game-breaking bug on release. They also stated that the process of mission preparation was "arduous" and the game's economy "baffling". Daniel Starkey of GameSpot rated the game 6/10, saying that while it was "action-packed", the controls were "perplexing" and the combat and day-night cycle were repetitive. They stated that "it's a competent and fun little outing that's almost perfectly suited for kids".
Notes
References
Nintendo 3DS-only games
Nintendo 3DS games
Nintendo 3DS eShop games
Nintendo games
2018 video games
Post-apocalyptic video games
Action video games
Single-player video games
Video games developed in Japan
Video games produced by Kensuke Tanabe
Johan Alm (1728–1810) was a Finnish painter and field sergeant.
Alm was born and lived and worked most of their life in the city of Vaasa. Alm's son Immanuel Alm was also a painter. They both worked on religious-themed paintings, including altarpieces such as one at the church in Kaustinen. Alm was also responsible for ceilings and other interior works at churches in Kvevlax and Isokyrö.
Further reading
References
Some of this material was translated from the
Appelgren, Kari: Johan Alm, Hantverksmålare i Vasa på 1700-talet, 1974
1728 births
1810 deaths
Finnish male painters
18th-century Finnish painters
19th-century Finnish painters
19th-century Finnish male artists
Sir Stephen Miles Tomlinson (born 29 March 1952) is an English barrister and former Lord Justice of Appeal.
Career
Tomlinson born 29 March 1952 to Enoch Tomlinson and Mary Tomlinson (née Miles). They were educated at the King's School, Worcester and Worcester College, Oxford. They were called to the Bar in 1974 (Inner Temple). From 1974 to 1976, they were a lecturer in law at Worcester College.
Tomlinson became a Queen's Counsel in 1988. Throughout their career as a barrister, they practised at chambers 7 Kings Bench Walk. They were head of chambers from 1995 to 2000.
They were appointed a Recorder in 1995 and a Deputy High Court judge in 1996. In 2000, they were appointed to the High Court of Justice, receiving the customary knighthood, and was assigned to the Queen's Bench Division. On 9 July 2010, Tomlinson became a Lord Justice of Appeal, and received the customary appointment to the Privy Council in 2011. They retired from the bench in 2017 and currently works as an arbitrator.
Personal life
Tomlinson married Joanna Greig and has one son and one daughter.
See also
List of Lords Justices of Appeal
References
External links
Biography at 7 Kings Bench Walk
1952 births
Living people
People educated at King's School, Worcester
Alumni of Worcester College, Oxford
English Queen's Counsel
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Knights Bachelor
Lords Justices of Appeal
Turks in Ukraine () are people of Turkish ethnicity living in Ukraine. The first Turkish settlement started during the Ottoman rule of Ukraine. In addition, there has been modern migration to the country largely formed of Meskhetian Turks, followed by immigrants from Turkey and Turkish communities from other post-Ottoman territories, such as Turkish Cypriots from Northern Cyprus.
History
Ottoman migration
The First All-Union Census of the Soviet Union in 1926 recorded 8,570 Ottoman Turks living in the Soviet Union. The Ottoman Turks are no longer listed separately in the census, it is presumed that those who were living in Ukraine have either been assimilated into Ukrainian society or have left the country.
Meskhetian Turks migration
The majority of Turkish Meskhetians arrived in the eastern region of Ukraine in 1989-90 as persecuted refugees who had experienced two deportations; the first from Georgia in 1944, and then Uzbekistan in 1989-90. Initially, they were forced to leave their homeland in the Meskheti region of Georgia when the Soviet Union was preparing to launch a pressure campaign against Turkey. Nationalistic policies at the time encouraged the slogan: "Georgia for Georgians" and that the Meskhetian Turks should be sent to Turkey "where they belong". Joseph Stalin deported the majority of Meskhetian Turks to Uzbekistan, thousands dying en route in cattle-trucks, however, in 1989, the Meskhetian Turks in Uzbekistan became the victims of riots by the ethnic Uzbeks. Thus, the majority of the Turkish Meskhetian community were deported for a second time, many coming to Ukraine during 1989-1990 following ethnic persecution in the Ferghana Valley. Others followed later to re-unite with their relatives. The majority mostly settled in Crimea, Donetsk, Kherson, and Mykolaiv. A few live in Kyiv. In 1991, they were granted Ukrainian citizenship.
Mainland Turkish migration
Ukraine has witnessed increasing numbers of immigrants from Turkey. By 2009, 5,394 Turkish citizens were living in Ukraine. Prior to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the number of Turkish citizens had increased to around 20,000.
Turkish Cypriot migration
In the twenty-first century, Turkish Cypriots have arrived in Ukraine both as temporary and permanent residents.
Demographics
According to the 2001 Ukrainian Census, 8,844 were recorded as "Turks" and 336 people were recorded as "Meskhetian Turks". Of those who were recorded only as "Turks", the majority lived in Kherson (3,736), Donetsk (1,791), Crimea (969) and Mykolaiv Oblast (758).
In 2018, the number of Meskhetian Turks alone numbered approximately 15,000.
Census history
Religion
Opened in 2005, the Sultan Suleiman Mosque was also built in Mariupol and named after the Ottoman sultan Suleiman the Magnificent. It was built by a Turkish Businessman (Salih Cihan). Five times prayers along with the Friday Prayers are offered at the mosque. During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, at least 300 Turks, and hundreds more family members (without Turkish citizenship), were trapped in Mariupol; at least 150 people took refuge in the Sultan Suleiman Mosque. The mosque is run by Turkey's Directorate of Religious Affairs.
Education
The Simferopol International School opened by Turkish entrepreneurs in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in Ukraine has been listed the top school in the list of the country's best 100 schools. Turkish, English, Crimean Tatar, and French are taught at the school. In the third year since its establishment, the school has achieved several successes in the Olympics held in the city and across the country. The Turkish school also won a bronze medal in the International Environmental Project Olympics (INEPO) held in Turkey. Turkish Parliament Speaker of the time, Cemil Çiçek had visited Meridian International School founded by Turkish entrepreneurs in Ukrainian capital Kyiv on April 4, 2013.
2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine
Upon the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, nearly 9,000 Turks with Turkish citizenship were reported to have evacuated the country by 3rd March, having arrived in Turkey with Turkish Airlines flights from Warsaw and Bucharest.
On February 25, 2022, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Northern Cyprus strongly recommended all Turkish Cypriot citizens to leave Ukraine. Assistance was provided at the TRNC Representative Office in Budapest.
On March 17, 2022, the Turkish Foreign Minister, Mevlüt Çavuşoğlu, announced that Turkey had evacuated 15,196 Turkish citizens since the start of the war. Among them were Meskhetian Turks who had already acquired Turkish citizenship, having previously settled in the Üzümlü district of Erzincan in 2015 due to the 2014 Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation. Some of these Meskhetian Turks from Erzincan had later returned to Ukraine; thus, the 2022 evacuation back to Turkey has meant that "some of them have seen three deportations in their lifetime."
Notable people
Miray Akay, actor (Turkish father)
Elvira Kamaloğlu, female wrestling champion (Turkish Meskhetian origin)
Vasily Kapnist, playwright and nobleman (Turkish mother)
Alemdar Karamanov, composer (Turkish father)
Dzhemal Kyzylatesh, football player
Emre Manuila, football player
Emrah Ormanoğlu, freestyle wrestler(Turkish Meskhetian origin)
Irma St. Paule, actor (Turkish father)
Gallery
Ottoman architecture in Ukraine
See also
Turkey–Ukraine relations
Crimea
Izmail
Turks in Russia
References
Bibliography
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
Ukraine
Ukraine
Ukraine
Ethnic groups in Ukraine
Islam in Ukraine
Muslim communities in Europe
The 1954–55 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team represented the University of Kansas during the 1954–55 college men's basketball season. The Jayhawks were coached by Phog Allen who in their 36th season of their second tenure, 38th season overall. Kansas played their home games primarily at Hoch Auditorium, however, they did play their first game at Allen Fieldhouse, named after their head coach, on March 1, 1955 against Kansas State. They would play one more game at Allen Fieldhouse that season. The Jayhawks finished 11–10 and failed to qualify for the NCAA tournament.
Roster
Dallas Dobbs
Gene Elstun
Bill Brainard
Lew Johnson
John Parker
John Anderson
Maurice King
Gary Padgett
Larry Davenport
Blaine Hollinger
Chris Divich
Ron Johnston
Lee Green
Harry Jett
Jack Wolfe
Jerry Alberts
Jim Toft
Bill Heitholt
Dick Warren
Allan Hurst
Schedule
References
Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball seasons
Kansas
Kansas
Kansas
Sancta Maria College is a girls' Catholic voluntary secondary school in Ballyroan, Rathfarnham, County Dublin, Ireland. The school is governed by a board of management. There are approximately 525 students and 34 permanent teachers. It is run by the Sisters of Mercy.
History
In 1932 the building that now houses the Sisters of Mercy was given as a gift to the order by the owners, the McCabe sisters. The order's Mercy Community in Carysfort near Blackrock were gratified but had no plans for this big building. They decided to make it a holiday home for girls called St. Mary's Convent and it was blessed and opened on 26 July 1932.
In 1942 Archbishop McQuaid approached the Superior of the Sisters of Mary believing that the convent would be a good place to treat children in the early stages of tuberculosis. The Red Cross Society was looking for a place to treat these children. For 16 years the house served as a Preventorium.
By 1959 tuberculosis was under control but a new need had arisen in this beautiful area of South Dublin, i.e. education. The population of Ballyroan was increasing and a school was needed. On 8 September 1960, Sancta Maria College was opened.
Around the year 1963 the assembly hall was built.
In the 1960s, The junior school was taught by a staff of three, Sr. Marian Agnes, Sr. Regina Assumpta and Sr. Dolores.
Boys and girls normally started at three years of age.
The three nuns were a product of their blinkered times; their teachings concentrated mainly on catechism. Corporal punishment, of children as young as three years old, was frequent and unwarranted.
Academics
The school offers students three Leaving Certificate courses: Leaving Certificate, LCVP and LCA.
In 2007, 35% of the students who sat the Leaving Certificate enrolled on a University Course.
In 2008, 89 out of 90 Leaving Certificate students enrolled on a University Course. Seven of these students were offered places in the National College of Art and Design, with another two on the waiting list. This latter figure made Sancta Maria the school with the highest number of entrants into NCAD in the Republic of Ireland.
Co-curricular and extra curricular activities
The College hosts a vibrant list of activities, both co-curricular and extracurricular, among them:
Athletics
Badminton
Basketball
Camogie (irish hockey for girls)
Choir
Dramatization / theatre
European football
Gaelic football
Hockey
Workshop debates
Tennis
Other programs
The school introduced a Transition Year programme in 1991. The school also has links with Coláiste Éanna and Butterfield Residents Association, who have funded the school's Green School Committee in the past.
See also
Abuse scandal in the Sisters of Mercy
References
External links
Girls' schools in the Republic of Ireland
Education in South Dublin (county)
Catholic secondary schools in the Republic of Ireland
Secondary schools in County Dublin
Sisters of Mercy schools
Song of the Celts is a patriotic song sung by several groups, notably the Wolfe Tones. Since the lyrics of the song discuss unity amongst Irish, Scottish, Welsh, Manx, Breton and Cornish ethnic groups, it may be regarded as an unofficial anthem of the Celtic people. Some sources
list the song as "traditional", however a version of the song has been attributed to A. P. Graves by author Miranda Seymour in their biography of their son, poet Robert Graves.<ref>Miranda Seymour, {{Cite book|url=https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/style/longterm/books/chap1/lifeontheedge.htm |title=Robert Graves: Life on the Edge}}</ref>
LyricsThere's a blossom that blowsThat scoffs at the snowsAnd it faces root fastThe rage of the blastAnd it sweetens the sodNo slave ever trodSince mountains upreared their altar to GodCHORUS:The flower of the free, the heather, the heatherThe Bretons and the Scots and Irish togetherThe Manx and the Welsh and Cornish foreverSix nations are weProud, Celtic and freeThere's a blossom that's rareAs the life's blood we shareAnd for liberty's causeAgainst alien lawsWith Lochiel and O'NeillAnd Llewellyn drew steelFor Alba's and Erin's and Cambria's wealCHORUSLet the Saxon and DaneBear the rule o'er the plainOn the hem of God's robeIs their scepter and globeAnd the lord of all lightRevealed in their heightFor Heaven and Earth rose up in their sight''
CHORUS
References
Celtic music
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yūgo Ishikawa. It was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Weekly Big Comic Spirits from 1996 to 2001, with its chapters collected in fifteen tankōbon volumes. A twenty-episode anime television series animated by Pierrot was broadcast in Japan on TBS from November 1998 to March 1999.
Plot
Fūka Esumi has a full-grown body, standing tall at . Despite their appearance, Fūka is just an ordinary elementary school girl. When they move in with their relatives and enrolls in the local school, their body draws the attention of teachers and students. Totally unaware of this, with a mentality of their own age, Fūka tries to get by their school life with just like their classmates. However, due to the contrast between their appearance and mind, their actions end up causing misunderstandings and troubles among people around them
Characters
Media
Manga
Written and illustrated by Yūgo Ishikawa, Yoiko was serialized in Shogakukan's seinen manga magazine Weekly Big Comic Spirits from 1996 to 2001. At first, it was planned to be a short series, and Shogakukan collected its chapters in two volumes, released under the Big Spirits Comics Special imprint in May 1997 and January 1998; however, after the series began a regular weekly serialization in the magazine, lasting longer than planned, this edition was discontinued. Shogakukan released fifteen tankōbon volumes, from June 30, 1998, to May 30, 2001.
Anime
A twenty-episode anime television series adaptation, animated by Pierrot, was broadcast in Japan on TBS from November 7, 1998, to March 27, 1999.
Reception
John Oppliger of AnimeNation called the series a "Golden Boy style ribald comedy". Oppliger also considered it one of the earliest true fan service anime television series, but they commented that unlike contemporary fan service anime, Yoikos nudity and sex gags were "innocent and humorous, circumstantial rather than provocative like today's "fan service.""
Reference
External links
Anime series based on manga
Comedy anime and manga
School life in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Shogakukan franchises
Shogakukan manga
Pierrot (company)
TBS Television (Japan) original programming
The Odi massacre was an attack carried out on November 20, 1999, by the Nigerian military on the predominantly Ijaw town of Odi in Bayelsa State. The attack came in the context of an ongoing conflict in the Niger Delta over indigenous rights to oil resources and environmental protection.
People generally say that the massacre was ordered by the regime of former president Olusegun Obasanjo and vice president Atiku Abubakar . The military has often defended its action saying it was ambushed on its way to Odi. As a result, tensions rose before entrance into the village.
Massacre
Before the massacre, twelve members of the Nigerian police were murdered by a gang near Odi, seven on November 4 and the remainder in the following days. In retaliation, the military decided to invade the village but there are reports that the army was ambushed close to the village thus tensions soared, they broke through the ambush and exchanged fire with armed militias in the village who were believed to be using the civilian population as cover. This and the "ambush" provocation led to the attack on the civilian population and the town's buildings. Every building in the town except the bank, the Anglican church and the health centre was burned to the ground. All of this happened in president Olusegun Obasanjo's reign.
Death toll
A wide range of estimates has been given for the numbers of civilians killed. Human Rights Watch concluded that "the soldiers must certainly have killed tens of unarmed civilians and that figures of several hundred dead are entirely possible." Nnimmo Bassey, Executive Director of Environmental Rights Action, claims that nearly 2500 civilians were killed. The government initially put the death toll at 43, including eight soldiers.
Court case
In February 2013, the Federal High Court ordered the Federal Government to pay N37.6 billion compensation to the people of Odi community in kolokuma/Opokuma Local Government Area of Bayelsa state. Justice ordered that the compensation should be paid within three weeks.
In their judgment, Justice Lambi Akanbi of the Federal High Court, condemned the government for a "brazen violation of the fundamental human rights of the victims to movement, life and to own property and live peacefully in their ancestral home."
The case led to the payment of N15 billion from the Goodluck Jonathan led administration as out of court settlement. According to Prof. Kobina Imananagha (Chairman of the Odi Destruction Case Prosecution Committee (ODCPC)) “The London court issued threats that it was going to enforce the full judgement of the court (payment of N37.6billion) if by October 21, 2014, government fails to negotiate settlement and pay agreed compensation to Odi. This seeming that compelled the Federal Ministry of Justice and the leadership of the legal team, ODCPC and the king of Odi to the negotiation table on May 26, 2014 where N15billion (as the only and final payment) offer as compensation to Odi was made by the Federal Government”.
The government later paid the sum of N15 billion which led to further conflict in the community and the subsequent kidnap of the committee Chairman Prof. Zibokere who was later released.
References in popular culture
The Odi massacre inspired a song titled "Dem Mama" on Timaya's True Story album.
The Odi massacre also was the muse for the poem titled "Potpourri of Perdition" by Success Akpojotor, and published on Poets Reading The News.
Odi Massacre also inspired a Poem "Did Odi do the Deed?" written by Ibiwari Ikiriko
See also
List of massacres in Nigeria
References
External links
Africa Action (original)
Odi: We will never let you forget (original)
A Blanket of Silence: Images of the Odi Genocide
"Potpourri of Perdition": Poem by Success Akpojotor
Bayelsa State
Massacres in 1999
1990s massacres in Nigeria
1999 in Nigeria
November 1999 events in Nigeria
1999 murders in Nigeria
Massacres committed by Nigeria
Koeputkiaikuinen ja Simon enkelit (The Test-tube Adult and Simo's Angels) is a 1979 Finnish comedy film directed, written and starring Spede Pasanen, along with the typical comic-cast of Simo Salminen, Vesa-Matti Loiri, Tapio Hämäläinen and Olavi Ahonen.
Similar to their debut film X-Paroni, Pasanen portrays a dual-role. Because Spede struggled to find funding for their movies throughout the 1970s, the film is only their second feature to be filmed entirely in colour (also their third film over-all to be filmed in colour). Leikkikalugangsteri was filmed principally in black and white with the film's ending being in colour, while Pohjantähteet (released the same year) was the first Spede film to be entirely in colour.
Plot summary
Mathematician Mauno Mutikainen (Pasanen) is accidentally pronounced dead as a result of an operation where a splinter is being removed from their finger, which they got by scratching their head.  They are then cloned into a "test-tube adult", a play on the phrase test-tube child, named Richard Ilyevitch Jyrä by their creator, father and mother, Dr. Jyrä (Hämäläinen), their name is intended to appeal to both American and Soviet sensibilities.
Loiri and Ahonen play the roles of gangsters attempting to kidnap Jyrä and/or Mutikainen, thinking they are the same person. Both would reprise their roles for 1980's Tup-akka-lakko. Additionally Loiri portrays a slew of characters such as a drunk hockey-fan attempting to get to Moscow and making a guest-appearance as Uuno Turhapuro at the end.
Simo Salminen once more plays a character named after themselves who is the head of a detective agency called Simon Enkelit (an obvious take on Charlie's Angels). The angels were portrayed by Rita Polster, Kirsti Wallasvaara, Ritva Vepsä and Merja Tammi.
References
External links
1979 films
Spede Pasanen
1970s Finnish-language films
1979 comedy films
Finnish comedy films
WinDirStat is a free and open-source graphical disk usage analyzer for Microsoft Windows. It presents a sub-tree view with disk-use percentage alongside a usage-sorted list of file extensions that is interactively integrated with a colorful graphical display (a treemap). Created as an open-source project released under the GNU GPL, it was developed using Visual C++/MFC 7.0 and distributed using SourceForge. The project was inspired by SequoiaView, an application based on research done by the Visualization Section of the Faculty of Mathematics and Computer Science at the Technische Universiteit Eindhoven.
Popularity
WinDirStat has been downloaded more than 9.2 million times from the official source since the original release in October 2003. As of July 2014, it was the second most downloaded "Filesystems" software on SourceForge, with more than 13,000 downloads per week. The tool is up to date and is designed for all platforms.
Project status
Development stopped for some time after a release in September 2007. Development was resumed in May 2009, and the code was updated in 2016.
Source code
Source code is provided for all released versions on the SourceForge page in ZIP format.
WinDirStat is developed via Mercurial revision control.
Features
List of detected file extensions, and the percentage of space each file extension takes up.
Each extension has its own color on the graphical map.
Is able to scan internal, external and networked drives.
Portable version besides the installer
User-created clean up jobs
Send report via email
Version history
Media reception
FossHub (official download mirror of WinDirStat) reported 6,912,000 downloads in January 2019, being the most downloaded software from "Disk Analysers" category."
Steve Bass of PC World provided a brief review of the 1.1.2 release of WinDirStat, summarizing its usefulness: "Windirstat is [a] colorful and nifty tool to check the makeup of your hard drive -- especially if you're looking for immense files. It scans your drive and produces a treemap that shows each file as a colored rectangle that's proportional to the file's size..."
In 2006, WinDirStat was "Download of the day" on Lifehacker. Reviewer Adam Pash praised WinDirStat for its ability to easily clean up unnecessary files, by stating: "If you find a large file or two taking up loads of space that you had forgotten was there and don't need, it's easy to clean up directly from WinDirStat. "
CNET reviewed the most recent release of WinDirStat and gave it 5 of 5 stars. It called WinDirStat a "great piece of freeware" and noted: "It's one of those tools that you didn't know you needed until you started using it, but once installed, it's hard to imagine life without it..."
Gizmo's Freeware directory featured WinDirStat in a January 2010 list of best free disk analysis software with a 4 of 5 stars review, noting: "The open source program WinDirStat is [an] outstanding program. It uses three ways to display the disk usage: a directory list, a file extension list and a rectangular treemap. The visual presentation, overall usability and scan speed makes this a great tool to visualize disk usage."
The German computer magazine c't (magazin für computertechnik) published a review of WinDirStat with it bundled in a CD in October 2006.
In 2011, Jack Wallen from TechRepublic called WinDirStat: "one of those simple little apps you are going to be very thankful you have when you need it." They also highlighted its usability: "If space is an issue ... you will see just how much time this tool can save you." However, Jack Wallen criticized the documentation, stating: "The biggest issue with WinDirStat is the documentation. The minute you try to create your own user-configured cleanup routines you will quickly experience a complete lack of documentation, which makes the task rather challenging, if not impossible."
References
External links
Official Mercurial source code repository
Lifehacker download of the day
2003 software
Disk usage analysis software
Free system software
Portable software
Salman Masalha (, ; born November 4, 1953) is an Israeli poet, writer, essayist and translator. Masalha is a bilingual writer who writes in Arabic and Hebrew, and publishes in both languages. Their poetry has also appeared in other languages. Salman is a frequent contributor to left-leaning Israeli newspaper, Haaretz.
Biography
Masalha was born on November 4, 1953 to a Druze family in Maghar, a village in the Galilee in northern Israel. After graduating from high school they moved to Jerusalem, where they have been living since 1972. Masalha studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and holds a Ph.D. degree in Arabic literature. They wrote their thesis on the mythological elements of ancient Arabic poetry. They taught Arabic language and literature at the Hebrew University and served as co-editor of the Concordance of Early Arabic Poetry. One volume of the concordance titled Six Early Arab Poets: New Edition and Concordance was published in 1999.
Writing career
Masalha is the author of eight volumes of poetry. Some of their Arabic and Hebrew poems have been performed to music and recorded by leading Israeli and Palestinian musicians, among them: Marwan Abado, Kamilya Jubran, Micha Shitrit, Yair Dalal and others.
In 2006, Masalha was awarded the Israel's President's Prize for Literature for their collection of Hebrew poetry In Place.
After first declaring they intended to boycott the 2015 general election, they ultimately endorsed Meretz.
Writing
Essays
The City of the Walking Flower, World Literature Today
They made a homeland of words, Haaretz, Sep. 5, 2008
The Arab Man is the Problem, The Arab Woman is the Solution, excerpts in MEMRI, Special Dispatch Series - No. 807
The Apache War, Haaretz, August 4, 2006
No light at the end of the tunnel, Haaretz, January 19, 2011
Research
Between the Lines, (Arabic: Fahm al-Mantuq), digital edition, Elaph Library 2010
Six Early Arab Poets, new edition and concordance, (co-author), Institute of Asian and African Studies at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, The Max Schloessinger Memorial Series, Jerusalem 1999
Mythological Aspects in Ancient Arabic Poetry (Hebrew: אספקטים מיתולוגיים בשירה הערבית הקדומה), Ph.D thesis, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem (1998)
Poetry
Ishq Mu'ajjal (Deferred Love, Arabic: عشق مؤجل), Raya Publishing House, Haifa 2016
Fi al-Thara, Fi al-Hajar (In Dust, In Stone, Arabic: في الثرى، في الحجر), Raya Publishing House, Haifa 2013
Lughat Umm (Mother Tongue, Arabic: لغة أم), Zaman Publications, Jerusalem 2006
Ehad Mikan (In Place, Hebrew: אחד מכאן), Am Oved Publications, Tel Aviv 2004
Khana Farigha, (Blank Space, Arabic: خانة فارغة), Zaman Publications, Jerusalem 2002.
Rish al-Bahr (Sea Feathers, Arabic: ريش البحر), Zaman Publications, Jerusalem 1999
Maqamat Sharqiyya (Oriental Scales, Arabic: مقامات شرقيّة), Jerusalem 1991
Ka-l-'Ankabut bila Khuyut (Like a Spider without Webs, Arabic: كالعنكبوت بلا خيوط), Jerusalem 1989
Maghnat Ta'ir al-Khuddar (Green Bird Song, Arabic: مغناة طائر الخضّر), al-Katib Publications, Jerusalem 1979
Op-Ed
Israeli apartheid exposed at the airport, Haaretz, Jun. 5, 2014 (article screen-shot is reproduced at falkland-islands Tumblr).
Translations
Arabic into Hebrew
Mahmoud Darwish, Memory for Forgetfulness, also known: Beirut Diary (Arabic: ذاكرة للنسيان, Hebrew: זכר לשכחה), with commentary and epilogue, Schocken Publications, Tel Aviv 1989
Sahar Khalifah, Wild Thorns (Arabic: الصبّار, Hebrew: הצבר), Galileo Publications, Jerusalem 1978
Hebrew into Arabic
Efraim Sidon, Uzu and Muzu (Hebrew: אוזו ומוזו מכפר קאקרוזו, Arabic: أوزو وموزو من كفر كاكاروزو), Nazareth 2000
Jerusalem, Historical Studies (Arabic: القدس، دراسات في تاريخ المدينة), ed. Amnon Cohen, Yad Izhak Ben-Zvi Publications, Jerusalem 1990
Dror Green, The Intifadah Tales (Hebrew: אגדות האינתפאדה, Arabic: حكايا الانتفاضة), Jerusalem 1989
Haim Gouri, "Selected Poems, with an Introduction" (Arabic: خلخال ينتظر الكاحل), Masharef, No. 30, pp 204–231, 2007
Aharon Shabtai, Schizophrenic Homeland", (Arabic: شيزوفرينيا الوطن), selected poems with an introduction, Masharef, No. 23, pp 94–118, 2004
Agi Mishol, Selected Poems, Masharef, No. 17, pp 159–169, 2002
English into Arabic
Breyten Breytenbach, "selected poems", Masharef, No. 15, Haifa-Jerusalem, pp. 7–18 (1997)
Wislawa Szymborska, "selected poems", Masharef, No. 13, Haifa-Jerusalem, pp. 82–96 (1997)
Seamus Heaney, "selected poems", Masharef, No. 5, Haifa-Jerusalem, pp. 111–116, 1995
EditingBiblical Stories in Islamic Paintings (Arabic: قصص التّوراة في الرسومات الإسلامية), Israel Museum 1992
References
External links
Salman Masalha, "In Place" on blogspot
Salman Masalha on Poetry International Web
"A Homeland of All its Citizens", Haaretz, September 21, 2006
"In The Dark Room", The Guardian, May 17, 2008
"Patches of Color", Haaretz, December 7, 2007
Poems in Eurozine"Israeli Apartheid Exposed at the Airport", Haaretz,'' Jun. 5, 2014
1953 births
Hebrew-language poets
Hebrew-language writers
Druze people of Israeli nationality
Living people
Palestinian poets
Israeli Arabic-language poets
Palestinian translators
Palestinian literary critics
International Writing Program alumni
The 351st Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron (Serbo-Croatian: / 351. извиђачка авијацијска ескадрила) was an aviation squadron of Yugoslav Air Force established in April 1961 at Tuzla military air base.
History
Squadron was formed as part of 103rd Reconnaissance Aviation Regiment equipped with US-made Lockheed RT/IT-33A Shooting Star jet-trainer aircraft equipped for aerial reconnaissance. In 1966 squadron was disbanded and its equipment and personnel were passed to 350th Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron of same regiment.
By order from August 29, 1973 351st Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron was reestablished with 82nd Aviation Brigade at Cerklje airport. It was equipped with new domestic-made Soko Jastreb light-attack jet aircraft in IJ-21 reconnaissance version. In 1984 the first Orao attack aircraft in the IJ-22 reconnaissance version were introduced with this squadron. This was the first squadron of Yugoslav Air Force equipped with new Orao aircraft. In 1985 all Jastreb aircraft were replaced with Orao.
The squadron took part in first combat operations during the war in Slovenia and Croatia later since beginning of Yugoslav wars in 1991.
351st Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron was evacuated from Slovenia to Željava Air Base, attached to 117th Fighter Aviation Regiment and later by order from August 30, 1991, disbanded, with equipment and personnel integrated into 352nd Reconnaissance Aviation Squadron.
Assignments
103rd Reconnaissance Aviation Regiment (1961−1966)
82nd Aviation Brigade/82nd Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment (1973−1978)
5th Aviation Corps (1978−1982)
82nd Aviation Brigade/82nd Fighter-Bomber Aviation Regiment (1982−1991)
Bases stationed
Tuzla Air Base (1961−1966)
Cerklje (1973−1991)
Željava Air Base
Equipment
Lockheed RT/IT-33A Shooting Star (1961–1966)
Soko IJ-21 Jastreb (1973–1985)
Soko IJ-22 Orao (1984–1991)
References
Yugoslav Air Force squadrons
Military units and formations established in 1961
Military units and formations disestablished in 1991
Piotr Jan Dominiak (born in Radom, Poland, June 29, 1948) is a Polish economist, full professor of Gdańsk University of Technology. Vice-rector since 2016.
Career
Piotr Dominiak graduated in Economy at the University of Warsaw (1971), where they also obtained their doctorate (1976) and habilitation (1989). They received the title of Professor in 2005. They have been working at Gdańsk University of Technology since 1971.
1991-1993 director of the Institute of Economic Sciences and Humanities at Gdańsk University of Technology (GUT). Dean of the Faculty of Management and Economics at GUT 1993-1999 and 2005-2012, Head of the Department of Economic Sciences at GUT 1999-2000 and 2014-2016. Vice-Rector for Internationalisation and Innovation of Gdańsk University of Technology since 1 September 2016.
Research Interests and Positions
Main field of interest is the economics of small and medium-sized enterprises. The author of about 100 scientific publications. Piotr Dominiak headed the four editions of the Pomeranian Economic Observatory. The initiator of English-language studies and of foreign student recruitment for the Faculty of Management and Economics at GUT. Previously a member of the Economics Committee of the Polish Academy of Sciences (2007-2012), expert (2005-2008) and member of the National Accreditation Commission (2008-2011), member of the board of the Gdańsk Branch of the Polish Economic Society. Currently a member of the Scientific Research Centre of the Polish Agency for Enterprise Development, of the Council of the Historical Museum of Gdansk, of the team of advisors for "Pomerania Employers", and of the Council "Study of conditions and directions of spatial development of the city of Gdansk."
Author of approximately 200 journalistic articles and more than 1,000 columns "Cruises on the economy" in "Dziennik Bałtycki". Member of the Rotary Club of Gdańsk-Sopot-Gdynia. Since 2000 has been organising the competitions for the Prize of Małgorzata Dominiak for the best biology students from the province of Pomerania.
Awards
Winner of two awards of the Department of Social Economy and Public Benefit, two awards of the Ministry of Science and Higher Education, several prizes of the Rector GUT. They were awarded the Gold Cross of Merit, Medal of the Commission of National Education, the Gold Medal of the Polish Economic Society, Medal of "Solidarity", the Medal "Rebels at the Gdańsk University of Technology 1945-1989", Medal of Paul Harris Fellow.
References
Polish economists
Living people
1948 births
Gdańsk University of Technology faculty
Gdańsk University of Technology
La Coyota is a 1987 Mexican action drama film directed by Luis Quintanilla Rico and starring Beatriz Adriana, Juan Valentín, Jorge Vargas and Miguel Ángel Rodríguez.
Plot
The film follows the bitter life of Rosalba (Adriana), a woman who has been abused by power since childhood. They become a cold and heartless woman, living only for revenge and hatred. However, they open their heart to Dr. Ramiro Fuentes (Vargas), but the fact that Rosalba has inadvertently made Chencho (Valentín) fall in love with them complicates matters.
Cast
Beatriz Adriana as Rosalba
Katy as child Rosalba (as La niña Katy)
Juan Valentín as Chencho
Jorge Vargas as Dr. Ramiro Fuentes
Marco Antonio Solís as Casimiro
Miguel Ángel Rodríguez as Don Julián
Lorenzo de Monteclaro as Justo
Roberto Cañedo as Don Germán, Casimiro's father
Noé Murayama as Lucio
Carlos y José as Singers
Las Jilguerillas as Singers
Alfredo Gutiérrez as Pánfilo
Arturo Benavides as Mayor
José Chávez as Mauro (as José Chávez Trowe)
Ernesto Juárez as Heronio
Alfredo Arroyo as Chencho's brother
Patricia Páramo
Inés Murillo as Juana, maid
María Luciano
Raúl Valerio as Don Nabor
Ramiro Ramírez as Farmhand
Jesús Gómez as Farmhand
José Luis Rojas
José Luis Avendaño
Roberto Ruy
Rubén Márquez as Elderly farmhand
Arturo Fernández (as Arturo Delgadillo)
Martín Brek
Silvia Derbez as Doña Remedios
References
Bibliography
Zavala, Iván. El año pasado, 1987. Plaza y Valdés, 1988.
Kanoussi, Dora. El pensamiento conservador en México. Plaza y Valdes, 2002.
Amador, María Luisa; Ayala Blanco, Jorge. Cartelera cinematográfica, 1980-1989. UNAM, 2006.
External links
1980s action drama films
Mexican action drama films
1987 drama films
1987 films
The Sacajawea Hotel, also known as Sacajawea Inn, is a hotel in Three Forks, Montana, United States. Built in 1910, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980. The listing included three contributing buildings over a area. Sacajawea Hotel is a member of Historic Hotels of America, the official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation.
History
The hotel served passengers on the Chicago, Milwaukee, St. Paul and Pacific Railroad, which terminated in Three Forks until 1927, when the line was extended to Gallatin Gateway. The original building was the Madison Hotel, built in 1862 on the original Three Forks townsite, and moved on log rollers a mile to its present location. At the time, the Milwaukee Depot was across the street, though the railroad That building now is the eastern portion of the current structure, housing support facilities. In 1910, the main lobby and 29 rooms were constructed by railroad agent John Q. Adams, who hired architect Fred Willson to create a grand but warm and welcoming design.
Present day
The condition of the hotel had declined significantly by the 1990s. It was renovated with all new plumbing and electrical system, as well as new cedar roof by Smith and Jane Roedel, who owned the hotel from 1991 to 1997.
In 2002 it was put up for sale and was bought in 2009 by the Folkvord family, which owns the bread company Wheat Montana. The hotel was closed for seven months for renovation, was refurbished and reopened. The hotel now includes a bar in the basement, restaurant with bar and adjoining meeting room, and 29 hotel rooms. They also offer bicycles for use on a trail that was created from one of the abandoned railroad trails.
References
External links
Sacajawea Hotel website
Hotel buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Montana
Colonial Revival architecture in Montana
Hotel buildings completed in 1910
1910 establishments in Montana
National Register of Historic Places in Gallatin County, Montana
Relocated buildings and structures in Montana
Three Forks, Montana
Murtala Muhammed International Airport (MMIA) is an international airport located in Ikeja, Lagos State, Nigeria, and is the major airport serving the entire state. The airport was initially built during World war II and is named after Murtala Muhammed (1938–1976), the fourth military ruler of Nigeria.
History
The airport was built during World War II. West African Airways Corporation was formed in 1947 and had its main base at Ikeja. De Havilland Doves were initially operated on WAACs Nigerian internal routes then West African services. Larger Douglas Dakotas were added to the Ikeja-based fleet from 1957.
Originally known as Lagos International Airport, it was renamed in the mid 1970s, during construction of the new international terminal, after a former Nigerian military head of state Murtala Muhammed. The international terminal was modeled after Amsterdam Airport Schiphol. The new terminal opened officially on 15 March 1979. It is the main base for Nigeria's largest airline, Air Peace, as well as for several other Nigerian airlines.
Murtala Muhammed International Airport consists of an international and a domestic terminal, located about one kilometre from each other. Both terminals share the same runways. This domestic terminal used to be the old Ikeja Airport. International operations moved to the new international airport when it was ready while domestic operations moved to the Ikeja Airport, which became the domestic airport. The domestic operations were relocated to the old Lagos domestic terminal in 2000 after a fire. A new domestic privately funded terminal known as MMA2 has been constructed and was commissioned on 7 April 2007.
During the late 1980s and 1990s, the international terminal had a reputation of being a dangerous airport. From 1992 through 2000, the US Federal Aviation Administration posted warning signs in all US international airports advising travelers that security conditions at Lagos Airport did not meet ICAO minimum standards. In 1993, the FAA suspended air service between Lagos and the United States. During this period, security at LOS continued to be a serious problem. Travelers arriving in Lagos were harassed both inside and outside of the airport terminal by criminals. Airport staff contributed to its reputation. Immigration officers required bribes before stamping passports, while customs agents demanded payment for nonexistent fees. In addition, several jet airplanes were attacked by criminals who stopped planes taxiing to and from the terminal and robbed their cargo holds.
Following Olusegun Obasanjo's democratic election in 1999, the security situation at Lagos began to improve. Airport police instituted a "shoot on sight" policy for anyone found in the secure areas around runways and taxiways, stopping further airplane robberies. Police secured the inside of the terminal and the arrival areas outside. The FAA ended its suspension of direct flights to Nigeria in 2001 in recognition of these security improvements. By 2010, the FAA had granted the airport its highest safety rating.
In 2010, the airport served 6,273,545 passengers.
Recent years have seen substantial improvements at Murtala Muhammed International Airport. Malfunctioning and non-operational infrastructures such as air conditioning and luggage belts have been repaired. The entire airport has been cleaned, and many new restaurants and duty-free stores have opened. Bilateral Air Services Agreements signed between Nigeria and other countries are being revived and new ones signed. These agreements have seen the likes of Emirates, Ocean Air, Delta and China Southern Airlines express interest and receive landing rights to Nigeria's largest international airport.
On 6 September 2012, then Minister of Aviation, Stella Oduah, announced that the Federal Government of Nigeria approved a N106 billion loan from the Exim Bank of China to construct 5 new international terminals, including a passenger terminal in Murtala Muhammed International Airport. Construction began in late 2013, and the new international terminal was commissioned by President Muhammadu Buhari on 22 March 2022. The new terminal has the capacity to process 14 million passengers annually.
Airlines and destinations
Cargo
Other facilities
The airport includes the headquarters of the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria. It also houses the head office of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, formerly just its Lagos office; and the head office of the Accident Investigation Bureau. The Lagos office of the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority is located in Aviation House on the grounds of the airport.
Arik Air's head office is in the Arik Air Aviation Center on the grounds of the airport. Aero Contractors has its head office in the Private Terminal of the Domestic Wing at Murtala Muhammed International Airport.
At one time Nigeria Airways had its head office in Airways House on the airport property. Prior to its disestablishment Afrijet Airlines had its head office in the NAHCO Building on the grounds of the airport.
Statistics
These data show number of passengers movements into the airport, according to the Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria's Aviation Sector Summary Reports.
Accidents and incidents
On 20 November 1969, Nigeria Airways Flight 825 crashed while on approach to Murtala Muhammed International Airport. All 87 passengers and crew on board were killed.
Early in 1981, a Douglas C-47B of Arax Airlines (registration 5N-ARA) was damaged beyond repair in an accident and was subsequently reduced to spares.
On 26 September 1992, a Nigerian Air Force C-130 Hercules crashed three minutes after take-off in the nearby Ejigbo canal. Three engines failed, high take-off weight. All 158 people on board were killed.
On 7 November 1996, ADC Airlines Flight 86, a Boeing 727-231 was approaching the airport whilst avoiding a potential collision. The 727 pilots took evasive action but overcompensated: within sixteen seconds the plane was flying upside down approaching Mach 1. The inverted aircraft disintegrated on impact, near Ejirin, killing all 153 passengers and crew.
On 22 October 2005, Bellview Airlines Flight 210, bound for Abuja, crashed after takeoff, killing all 117 people on board.
On 3 June 2012, Dana Air Flight 992 crashed in close proximity of the airport. The plane, a McDonnell Douglas MD-83, is reported to have banked sharply prior to attempting to land at LOS, subsequently crashing in the nearby residential area of Agege, killing all 153 passengers and crew on board and six others on the ground.
On 3 October 2013, Associated Aviation Flight 361 crashed shortly after takeoff. The plane was an Embraer EMB 120 Brasilia. 16 people died and 4 people survived the incident.
On 13 February 2018, Delta Air Lines Flight 55 en route to Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta, Georgia, suffered a fire, which was caught in the left hand engine. The Airbus A330-223 aircraft stopped its climb at 2,000 feet and activated the fire suppression, returning to Lagos for a safe landing about 8 minutes after departure. The aircraft was evacuated, 5 people received minor injuries as result of the evacuation.
On 15 May 2019, an Air Peace Boeing 737 from Port Harcourt to Lagos suffered a hard landing on runway 18R that resulted in damage to the engine pod and the landing gear. The aircraft was grounded, although no injuries were reported.
On 16 February 2021, an Azman Air Boeing 737 from Abuja to Lagos blew a number of main tyres upon landing on runway 18R. The aircraft was disabled and the runway closed overnight until the wreckage could be removed.
See also
Admiralty Circle Plaza
Lekki-Epe International Airport – proposed second airport for Lagos
List of airports in Nigeria
Transport in Nigeria
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos
Airports in Nigeria
Buildings and structures in Lagos State
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces Air Transport Command in Central and South Africa
Airfields of the United States Army Air Forces
World War II airfields in Nigeria
Airports in Lagos
1940s establishments in Nigeria
Airports in Yorubaland
The Whole Story is the second compilation album by English singer Kate Bush, and first worldwide. Released on 10 November 1986, it earned Bush their third UK number-one album and went on to become their best-selling release to date, being certified four-times platinum in the United Kingdom.
The album includes eleven of Bush's previous singles, with a previously unreleased track entitled "Experiment IV", which had been released as a single and reached the UK top 30. A newly recorded version of Bush's debut single "Wuthering Heights" (1978) opens the album. The album mix of "The Man with the Child in Their Eyes" features on this album instead of the single version.
A home video compilation of the same name was released simultaneously, which includes the promotional videos for each song on the album.
In 2014, during Bush's Before the Dawn residency at the Hammersmith Apollo, The Whole Story charted at number 8 in the UK.
Following a resurgence of popularity for "Running Up That Hill (A Deal With God)" in 2022, The Whole Story peaked at number 17 on the UK Albums Chart.
Track listing
LP, cassette and CD editions
VHS, VCD and Laserdisc editions
Personnel
Kate Bush – keyboards, vocals, producer
Ian Cooper – cutting engineer
Jon Kelly – producer
Andrew Powell – producer
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications and sales
Bibliography
References
1986 greatest hits albums
1986 video albums
Albums produced by Andrew Powell
Albums produced by Jon Kelly
EMI Records compilation albums
EMI Records video albums
Kate Bush albums
Kate Bush video albums
Music video compilation albums
Aldenham is a village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, north-east of Watford and southwest of Radlett. It was mentioned in the Domesday Book and is one of Hertsmere's 14 conservation areas. The village has eight pre-19th-century listed buildings and the parish itself is largely unchanged, though buildings have been rebuilt, since Saxon times when the majority of the land was owned by the abbots of Westminster Abbey.
In the Index of Multiple Deprivation, the ward of Aldenham East was ranked the least deprived ward out of 8414 in England, while Aldenham West also featured among the least deprived three per cent in the country. Radlett forms the eastern part of the civil parish.
History
For most of recorded history Aldenham was administered together with the nearby settlement of Radlett (or at least, the western part of that village), which until the modern era was of comparable size.
In 1086 in the Domesday Book, Aldenham parish appears to have straddled the boundary of two ancient hundreds: Danish Hundred (East of North Watford, North of Patchetts Green) and St Albans A Hundred (South of Hanstead). The Domesday surveyors were recording a property ownership dispute that had been ongoing for three centuries regarding heavily forested land.
The Church of St John the Baptist in Aldenham village is seven hundred and fifty years old and there is good reason to believe that an earlier Saxon church stood on the site.
After the Reformation the lands were sold off to the highest bidders and Aldenham is probably smaller today than it was 500 years ago.
In 1940, a German air attack damaged stained glass and removed the "Hertfordshire Spike" – the spire on the top of the tower. Restoration work was completed in 1951.
Both the church and the village have been used in many films, advertisements and television programmes, being within easy travelling distance of Elstree Studios. These have included the film Confessions of a Window Cleaner, BBC television series Pathfinders, and the Coldplay music video for "Life in Technicolor II", to name but a few.
Although it gave its name to the Aldenham Bus Works owned by London Transport, Aldenham Works was actually located at nearby Elstree.
Hamlets
Round Bush
Round Bush is also on the B462 road, and lies immediately to the east, less than away. Its population size and number of buildings make it a smaller settlement. However, Round Bush has one pub A more average (smaller) size hamlet, the centre with the vast majority of the homes due to surrounding cultivated larger sized farms – is where three roads meet at a public house.
Letchmore Heath
This is the largest hamlet, and is southeast, it is slightly larger in population size than the village itself, see Letchmore Heath.
Patchetts Green
On Hilfield Lane, Patchetts Green is a hamlet of several historic houses, including the Three Compasses public house, Little Patchetts Green Farm and Patchetts Farm.
The other listed buildings here are: Delrow Cottage, Delrow Almshouses and Garden Cottage
Crossways Cottage is just northeast of the Infant School and almshouses and is opposite the junction of the lane leading to Letchmore Heath.
Other landmarks
Close to the church stand a number of buildings of historical interest. The earliest of these is Aldenham Social Club – a late medieval hall house dating from around 1500. To the west of the churchyard stands Church Farm House (16th – 18th century) and to the east the old vicarage (now two dwellings), a fine example of early 18th century red brick architecture.
The parish of Aldenham also has two British public schools: Aldenham School and the Haberdashers' Aske's Boys School (and associated girls school).
Wall Hall is a magnificent gothic revival mansion with a castellated façade created in the early nineteenth century.
Sporting and leisure amenities
The golf and country park is central to the village in Church Lane. Aldenham Country Park is council-owned land, which is some distance away from the old village, closer to the two southern hamlets; it has a lake, Hillfield Reservoir, and is south of Letchmore Heath.
Directly south of the country park is Aldenham Sailing Club which uses Aldenham Reservoir, a lake next to Elstree.
Aldenham Cricket Club (ACC) was founded in 1972. Aldenham has been playing cricket for over 40 years in the Parish. Hosted by the Aldenham Social Club, Aldenham Cricket Club has won the Watford Observer Plate on two occasions, the Hertfordshire Village Trophy, and won the league in the last two years.
Notable people
Richard Platt (died 1600), brewer, founder of Aldenham School
Sir Adolphus Dalrymple (1784–1866) lived at Delrow House, Aldenham.
References
External links
Aldenham (A Guide to Old Hertfordshire)
Villages in Hertfordshire
Hertsmere
Civil parishes in Hertfordshire
Lichuan may refer to the following locations:
Lichuan, Hubei (), county-level city of the Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Hubei
Lichuan railway station ()
Lichuan County (), Fuzhou, Jiangxi
Lichuan, Shanxi (), town in and subdivision of Zezhou County, Shanxi
See also
Li Chuan Yun (1980–), violinist
All Saints have been open since 1865, and is presently in the Dunedin North parish which includes the northern part of the city of Dunedin, New Zealand and is made up of the former parish of All Saints and the former parish of St. Martin's North East Valley. It is part of the Diocese of Dunedin. The parish boundaries include North East Valley, Pine Hill, North Dunedin, Ravensbourne and Leith Valley. The building is the oldest church still used as a place of worship in Dunedin. All Saints Church is the chapel of Selwyn College, Otago. The College was built around the church and the college and parish have a close relationship. Selwyn College was built as an Anglican theological college in 1893, from the beginning it also housed non-theological students from the university. All Saints' is located close to the campuses of the University of Otago and the Otago Polytechnic.
Architecture
The nave of the church was designed by William H. Clayton and built in 1865; the transepts and chancel, designed by William Mason were added in 1873. All Saints are an example of gothic revival architecture.
A notable architectural feature is the polychrome brickwork. The bricks came from the brickworks in Filleul Street, Dunedin. Also used in the building is Oamaru stone, an early use of the stone in Dunedin.
In 1969, All Saints undertook a restoration project, in which the foundations, hardwood floor, and slate roof were replaced. At this time a nave altar was installed with altar rails designed by Ted McCoy.
The building has a Category I'm listing with the New Zealand Historic Places Trust.
Art
Notable art works in the church include a large rood hanging above the sanctuary carved by leading sculptor Frederick George Gurnsey (1868–1953) who also carved the aumbry door and the pulpit.
A small Christus Rex by the eminent New Zealand sculptor Ria Bancroft is above the pulpit.
In 2017 a set of ceramic sculptures of the Scriptural Way of the Cross by Whanganui sculptor Kirk Nicholls was installed.
In 2019 an appeal was launched to install a stained glass window in memory of the Ross Sea Party and in honour of Rev. Arnold Spencer-Smith.
History
All Saints' parish was organised before the Diocese of Dunedin was formed in 1869; for the first few years of the parish it was part of the Diocese of Christchurch. The land was given by James Allen Senior, father of James Allen and the foundation stone laid on 11 February 1865 by Henry Harper 1st Bishop of Christchurch. The church was built rapidly (admittedly only the nave and narthex) and opened on 23 July 1865. The church was consecrated on 21 April 1869. At the 1886 Annual General Meeting the parish discussed an offer from the Bishop Samuel Tarratt Nevill 'to take over the Parish Church for the purpose of making it the Cathedral of the Diocese, and to facilitate the legal transfer by contributing 2,000 pounds towards liquidating the debt on the property, at that time 2,600 pounds.' The AGM agreed to the bishop's offer however the project failed, 'the General Synod hesitating on legal grounds to sanction the transfer of the property.'
The Church made national news in 2017 when its vicar crashed their car while drunk on the way to the Sunday 10:30 service.
Vicars
1. Rev. E.H. Granger 1865–1872
2. Rev. R.L. Stanford 1872–1879
3. Very Rev Alfred R. Fitchett Alfred Fitchett 1879–1928 (Dean of Dunedin 1894–1929)
4. Fr. William Hardy-Johnson 1928–1935 (Rector of Rosslyn Chapel 1923–1928)
5. Ven. L.G. Whitehead 1935–1948 Algy Whitehead also Warden of Selwyn College
6. Fr. Charles Harrison 1948–1964
7. Rev. Canon Arthur Philip Atkinson Gaze 1964–1980 (Cousin of Arnold Spencer-Smith)
8. Rev. Dr. John Irwin 1980–1983
9. Fr. David Best 1983–1997
10. Rev. Canon Erice Fairbrother 1999–2002
11. Fr. Tim Hurd 2002–2009
12. Rev. Canon Michael Wallace 2010–
Notable Parishioners
One of the founders of the parish Alois Duffus Lubecki (d.1926) was a Polish Prince, son of Prince Alois Konstanty Drucki-Lubecki (1814-1864). Alois Duffus Lubecki was a member of Diocesan Synod, Diocesan Standing Committee and the Diocesan Trust Board. They endowed scholarships at the University of Otago and the University of Auckland
George Eliot Elliott, Clerk at signing of Te Tiriti o Waitangi/Treaty of Waitangi and who saved it from fire in 1841.
Newspaper editor and proprietor George Bell (editor) (1809-1899) served as churchwarden.
Politician James Allen served as churchwarden.
William Larnach of Larnach Castle
Dr. Richardson (after whom the Richardson building at the University Of Otago is named)
Artists Frances Hodgkins and William Matthew Hodgkins
Choie Sew Hoy and Eliza Prescott who lived in a house known as Canton Villa at 798 Cumberland St (the site to the north of the vicarage is now owned by the parish).
Thomas Sherlock Graham
Worship
Worship at All Saints' is in the Anglo-Catholic tradition. The Church describes its teaching as orthodox and claims it draws richly from the Christian tradition. Incense and bells are used for High Mass.
Music
The first organ at All Saints was donated by the first vicar in 1871: "(Mr Granger) has to act as organist- or rather harmonium player- and later they presented the Church with an organ." Mr. Granger left All Saints in 1872. This organ went to Holy Trinity Church, Lawrence, New Zealand in 1874. The second All Saints' organ (1874-1905), has a label on the back: 'John B. West, Organ Builder, Dunedin, New Zealand', however, it appears that this label has been pasted over the position occupied by a former label and it may be a Halmshaw & Sons organ. This organ was re-located to the original wooden 1863 St Peter's Church in Queenstown, New Zealand in 1906.
The third and current organ was built by Bevington & Sons, a London firm founded in 1794. Two of the most notable Bevington organs are in St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin and St Martin-in-the-Fields, London. Bevington organs won medals at exhibitions in Paris (1855 and 1867) and London (1862), and are held in high regard for the quality of their construction and voicing. The firm was absorbed into Hill, Norman and Beard in 1944.
All Saints' Bevington organ was built in 1877 for St Paul's Presbyterian Church, Christchurch. In 1905 the organ was transferred to All Saints. It was restored in 1969 by the South Island Organ Company. The two manuals have tracker action, and the pedals have tubular pneumatic action. In recent years a Bourdon pedal stop has been added. All Saints' organ is one of three Bevington organs in Aotearoa New Zealand, the others being at the Cathedral of the Blessed Sacrament Christchurch and at St. John the Baptist Waimate North.
Groups
The Church presently has a baby and toddler group, runs a Catechesis of the Good Shepherd course, and has a long association with the Student Christian Movement. All Saints' also has a branch of the Association of Anglican Women (successor organization to the Mothers' Union) and has an active branch of the Guild of the Servants of the Sanctuary. In 2015 the parish launched All Saints' Fruit & Veges, a vegetable box scheme to offer the community fruit and veges.
All Saints' Hall
All Saints' Hall was built as the Cumberland St Wesleyan Methodist Chapel.
It is constructed from timber from the Bell Hill Methodist Church (1862-8) designed by George Greenfield. During a gale in 1862 the Bell Hill church was badly twisted and deemed unsafe until the addition of a transept designed by William Mason permitted its reuse in February 1863. Its poor design and inconvenient position prompted its early demolition.
From the sale of the Bell Hill property in 1868 £150 was set aside for the building of a new church. A weatherboard schoolhouse able to accommodate 150 worshippers was built on a quarter acre of freehold next to All Saints given by James Allen. The hall was erected in 1869, but the Wesleyan Methodist congregation didn't last very long - until about 1872.
The front portion of the hall has windows designed by prominent Dunedin architect Basil Hooper and installed in 1911, Hooper was an All Saints' parishioner. The University of Otago creche was established in the hall in 1968. Araiteuru Maori club (with Muru Walters as leader) used the hall before Araiteuru Marae was built.
References
Further reading
External links
All Saints' Dunedin
Churches completed in 1864
19th-century Anglican church buildings
Anglo-Catholic churches in New Zealand
Churches in Dunedin
NZHPT Category I listings in Otago
Listed churches in New Zealand
1860s architecture in New Zealand
William Clayton (architect) buildings
Breithaupt v. Abram, 352 U.S. 432 (1957), was a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court ruled that involuntary blood samples, taken by a skilled technician to determine intoxication, do not violate substantive due process under the Fourteenth Amendment of the United States Constitution. This case was only the second time the Court considered whether police could forcibly enter inside a suspect's body to extract evidence. Writing for a 6–3 majority, Justice Tom C. Clark argued that blood tests were necessary as a matter of public policy to ensure traffic safety on roads and highways, and that "modern community living requires modern scientific methods of crime detection." Chief Justice Earl Warren and Justice William O. Douglas both wrote dissenting opinions in which they argued that the involuntary blood sample taken in this case was "repulsive" and violated substantive due process.
Background
The constitutionality of searches inside the body
In the 1950s the Supreme Court of the United States addressed for the first time whether the constitution permits law enforcement to forcibly extract evidence from inside the human body. The first case to address this question, Rochin v. California, set strict limits on the power of police to remove evidence from inside the human body. In Rochin, police officers broke into the home of an individual who was suspected of selling narcotics and observed them place several small capsules into their mouth. After a brief struggle, officers attempted to force open the suspect's mouth, but were unable to retrieve the capsules. Officers then handcuffed the suspect and transported them to a local hospital, where "a doctor forced an emetic solution through a tube into Rochin's stomach against their will." Through this stomach pumping, officers discovered two capsules containing morphine. In a unanimous decision, the United States Supreme Court held the forced stomach pumping violated the suspect's Fourteenth Amendment rights to substantive due process. Writing for the majority, Justice Felix Frankfurter stated:
Although the Court held that evidence obtained in violation of substantive due process must be excluded in criminal prosecutions, the court declined to incorporate a broad exclusionary rule for all constitutional violations. Likewise, the Court left unanswered the question of whether evidence obtained through involuntary blood samples violates the Fifth Amendment's privilege against self incrimination.
Arrest and prosecution of Paul Breithaupt
In 1951, a truck driven by Paul Breithaupt collided with another vehicle while driving on a highway near Carlsbad, New Mexico. Three passengers in Breithaupt's truck were killed, and Breithaupt was taken to a local hospital to treat serious injuries. Responding officers found a nearly empty one-pint bottle of whiskey in the truck's glove compartment. While Breithaupt lay unconscious in the emergency room, officers ordered physicians to take a sample of their blood. A chemical analysis of this blood sample determined that Breithaupt was under the influence of alcohol when the sample was taken. This blood sample was admitted into evidence at trial, and Breithaupt was ultimately convicted of involuntary manslaughter. Breithaupt filed a petition for a writ of habeas corpus to the Supreme Court of New Mexico, but the state supreme court denied relief. They then filed an appeal with the Supreme Court of the United States, claiming the taking of the blood sample violated their rights to substantive due process. On April 23, 1956, the Supreme Court granted Breithaupt's petition for certiorari.
Opinion of the Court
Writing for the Court's majority, Justice Tom C. Clark distinguished the facts of this case from the events that occurred in Rochin v. California. Because the blood sample in this case was taken "under the protective eye of a physician," there was nothing "brutal" or "offensive" about the extraction. Additionally, Justice Clark concluded that the absence of conscious consent "does not necessarily render the taking a violation of a constitutional right. Rather, courts should look to community standards of fairness and decency when evaluating constitutional violations:
Because blood tests were "routine in our everyday life," Justice Clark argued that "a blood test taken by a skilled technician" does not "shock the conscience" or offend an ordinary "sense of justice." However, Justice Clark also cautioned in dicta that "indiscriminate taking of blood under different conditions or by those not competent to do so" may rise to the level of "brutality" set forth in Rochin. If law enforcement and physicians do not provide "every proper medical precaution" to the accused, the extraction may violate the constitution. Additionally, as a matter of public policy, Justice Clark argued that "modern community living requires modern scientific methods of crime detection" and blood tests were necessary to keep the roads safe. Justice Clark also declined to incorporate the Fourth Amendment protection against warrantless searches or the Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination to the states.
Chief Justice Warren's dissenting opinion
Chief Justice Earl Warren wrote a dissenting opinion in which they argued that the facts of this case were analogous to those in Rochin, and that the blood test in this case violated Breithaupt's rights to substantive due process. They criticized Justice Clark's majority opinion for relying on policy arguments about highway safety to distinguish Rochin, and that narcotics enforcement "is surely a state interest of at least as great magnitude as the interest in highway law enforcement." Chief Justice Warren also criticized Justice Clark's reliance on common standards of decency and the commonplace nature of blood tests, and instead urged the Court to hold that "bruishing the body, breaking skin, puncturing tissue or extracting body fluids" always constitute a due process violation when police collect evidence.
Justice Douglas' dissenting opinion
Justice William O. Douglas also wrote a dissenting opinion in which they noted that the court had set aside convictions in the past when the police engaged in subtle, non-violent manipulation, and that the Court should "take the same libertarian approach here." They also agreed that this case was indistinguishable from Rochin and it was "repulsive" for officers to stick a needle in the arm of an unconscious person. Justice Douglas also advocated for an expansive interpretation of the right against self incrimination, and that "under our system of government, police cannot compel people to furnish the evidence necessary to send them to prison."
Subsequent developments
Although the Court declined to incorporate the Fourth Amendment's exclusionary rule or the Fifth Amendment's privilege against self incrimination in Breithaupt, the Court ultimately incorporated both of these rights to the states in 1964 and 1965. Nine years after Breithaupt, the Court granted review in Schmerber v. California to clarify whether admitting involuntary blood samples into evidence in a criminal prosecution violated Fourth Amendment protections against unreasonable searches and seizures or the Fifth Amendment privilege against self incrimination. In a 5-4 opinion, Justice William J. Brennan, Jr. held that blood samples do not implicate the right against self incrimination because the extraction and chemical analysis of blood samples do not involve "even a shadow of testimonial compulsion." However, Justice Brennan also ruled that ordinarily, search warrants are required "where intrusions into the human body are concerned."
In 1985, the Supreme Court again revisited the topic of involuntary bodily intrusions in Winston v. Lee, when the Court held that the State of Virginia could not force an individual to undergo surgery to extract a bullet that may be evidence of a crime. The Court did not explicitly evaluate whether the surgery would violate substantive due process, but the Court applied Schmerber to conclude that the surgery would constitute an unreasonable search under the Fourth Amendment.
See also
List of United States Supreme Court cases, volume 352
Missouri v. McNeely (2013)
Winston v. Lee (1985)
Schmerber v. California (1966)
Rochin v. California (1952)
References
External links
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Warren Court
United States Fourth Amendment case law
United States Fifth Amendment self-incrimination case law
United States Fourteenth Amendment case law
1957 in United States case law
Kartalay (; Kaitag: Кьваӏрталай; Dargwa: Кьярталай) is a rural locality (a selo) in Karatsansky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 601 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Kartalay is located 9 km southeast of Madzhalis (the district's administrative centre) by road. Karatsan and Dzhinabi are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Kaytagsky District
Alpinestars was an electronic rock duo formed in 1999 in Manchester by Richard Woolgar and Glyn Thomas.
History
The Beginnings (1995–1999)
Richard Woolgar and Glyn Thomas met each other in 1995, as a result of being in separate bands that shared the same rehearsal space. They found they had more in common with each other than with their respective bands, so they broke away to form their own ephemeral electro group, which they named "Maxim".
Although Maxim never produced anything, it brought Woolgar and Thomas to the attention of the promoter of a local Manchester club. They were invited to create an hour-long set to perform live within a week. They took the name "Alpinestars" after a mountain bike Thomas owned and proceeded to meet the challenge. The performance was a success and Alpinestars signed with Faith and Hope Records.
The EPs (1999–2000)
The band debuted in August 1999 with a limited edition EP titled "Las Vegas." Its third track, "Interlaken," became the most requested track on Steve Lamacq's Radio 1 evening show. The band followed up with two more EPs, "Silicon Chick" in November 1999, and "Kitzbuhel Weekend" in March 2000. A single taken from this latter EP became a "Single of the Week" in NME magazine.
B.A.S.I.C. and White Noise (2000–2003)
In July 2000, Alpinestars released their first commercial single "77 Sunset Strip," which they followed up with their first full-length album B.A.S.I.C. (standing for "Beginner's All-Purpose Symbolic Instruction Code"). B.A.S.I.C. was released in September 2000 by Faith and Hope, and later rereleased in 2003 by Guidance Recordings. It was praised by numerous magazines, despite being hard to find.
Alpinestars left Faith and Hope in 2001 and released their second major album, White Noise, a year later, with Riverman Records and Astralwerks (for the US release). Both Woolgar and Thomas contributed vocals for songs on White Noise, and Brian Molko, lead singer of Placebo, lent Alpinestars their voice for "Carbon Kid". According to Woolgar, "We wanted to get away from the sampler duo mentality."
In a 2002 interview with PlayLouder, the pair was asked to talk about the direction they wanted to go with White Noise. On being unsigned, Thomas explained,
Discography
Albums
B.A.S.I.C. (Guidance Recordings, 2000)
White Noise (2002)
Time Spent with Machines (2005) (unreleased)
Singles and EPs
Game appearances
"Jump Jet" featured in Midnight Club II.
"Snow Patrol" featured in SSX 3.
"Carbon Kid" featured in Project Gotham Racing 3, APB Reloaded and in Test Drive Unlimited.
References
External links
Astralwerks artists
English electronic music duos
Musical groups from Manchester
Musical groups established in 1999
Musical groups disestablished in 2003
Rock music duos
1999 establishments in England
English electronic rock musical groups
1851 Agidingbi Chess Game is a historical game and Nigeria's first variant of the Chess game designed by Nigerian culture activist and historian Oludamola Adebowale. It is "fashioned after the traditional chess board to teach the history of Lagos" and built to commemorate the 170th memorial anniversary of the Bombardment of Lagos by the British naval forces.
According to the inventor, Oludamola Adebowale, the game was invented as a way to make history fun, after the subject was removed from the Nigerian educational syllabus in 2015. The idea for the game, they said, came while they were at the Lagos Book and Art Festival.
The origin of Agidingbi
The name Agidingbi is an onomatopoeia for the sounds made by the artillery guns that was fired by British forces on Lagos in 1851. The sound was so loud that it was heard in as far away as Badagry and the mainland of Lagos. The name was thus retained, and a part of Lagos today now bears it as its official name.
The game
The 1851 Agidingbi Chess Game has the traditional checkered board design, with pieces named after Lagos royalties and chieftains like Erelu- Kuti of Lagos as the Queen Mother, the Oba of Lagos as the king, the Adamu Eyo as the rook, Omo Ogun Eko as the pawn, Eletu-Odibo as the bishop and Abagbon as the knight. People playing the game can play on either side, either as the defenders of Lagos or the British.
References
Chess in Nigeria
Chess variants
Integral nonlinearity (acronym INL) is a commonly used measure of performance in digital-to-analog (DAC) and analog-to-digital (ADC) converters. In DACs, it is a measure of the deviation between the ideal output value and the actual measured output value for a certain input code. In ADCs, it is the deviation between the ideal input threshold value and the measured threshold level of a certain output code. This measurement is performed after offset and gain errors have been compensated.
The ideal transfer function of a DAC or ADC is a straight line. The INL measurement depends on what line is chosen as ideal. One common option is the line that connects the endpoints of the transfer function, in other words, the line connecting the smallest and largest measured input/output value. An alternative is to use the best fit line, where one minimizes the average (or alternatively the mean squared) INL.
While the INL can be measured for every possible input/output code, often only the maximal error is provided when reporting the INL of a converter.
Formulas
INL of a DAC
The INL of a code of a DAC with output codes is defined as the absolute value of the difference of the real output voltage minus the ideal value:
where
and are the maximum and minimum ideal output voltages of the DAC.
INL of an ADC
For an ADC, the INL of a code is defined as the deviation of the mid-points of the quantization steps between the ideal and real transfer function.
Maximum INL of a converter
When referring to the INL of a converter usually the maximum INL maximized over all codes is meant. For the line through the endpoints, the INL of a DAC is
This INL is measured in volts; one can divide it by the ideal LSB voltage to get the measurement in LSBs:
See also
Differential nonlinearity
Quantization
References
External links
INL/DNL Measurements for High-Speed Analog-to-Digital Converters (ADCs) Application Note 283 by Maxim
Digital signal processing
Line 2 is an east–west line in the Shanghai Metro network. With a length of nearly , it is the second longest line in the metro system after line 11. Line 2 runs from in the west to in the east, passing Hongqiao Airport, the Huangpu river, and the Lujiazui Financial District in Pudong. With a daily ridership of almost 1.5 million, it is the Shanghai Metro's busiest metro line. The eastern portion of the line, from to Pudong International Airport, was once operated almost independently from the main segment until April 18, 2019, while through service between these two started the next day. The line is colored light green on system maps.
History
The first section of line 2 was opened on October 28, 1999, from to . This section, which included 12 stations, totaled . A year later, was added to the eastern part of the line, adding . Four new stations, located west of the Zhongshan Park station, opened in December 2006, extending the line to . This section added to the line. Four years later, in preparation for the 2010 Shanghai World Expo, the line was significantly expanded. In February, the Zhangjiang Hi-Tech Park station was rebuilt. In addition, another eastern segment took line 2 to . A month later, the line was extended westward to , adding to the line including a stop at . On April 8, an eastward extension added 8 stations to the line, totaling and taking line 2 to . On July 1, opens to the public with the opening of the railway station of the same name.
In October 2006, it was decided to rename three stations on line 2 by the end of the year, adopting a new naming scheme: metro stations, unlike bus stops, are no longer supposed to be named after neighbouring vertical streets, but famous streets and sights in the vicinity, making it easier for visitors to find these places. The renamed stations are Century Avenue (formerly Dongfang Road), East Nanjing Road (formerly Middle Henan Road) and West Nanjing Road (formerly Shimen No. 1 Road).
Up to April 19, 2019, when an eight-car train started serving the whole line 2 in a regular schedule, the east section of line 2 was served by a four-car fleet. Line 2 had a piecewise service pattern during morning peak hours whereby the suburban segment between Guanglan Road station and Pudong International Airport station is partially served by a four-car fleet in addition to the regular eight-car fleet serving the whole line. Already since 28 December 2018, during off-peak times, an eight-car fleet from East Xujing or Songhong Road station may terminate at Pudong International Airport station, but most trains still terminate at Guanglan Road station or Tangzhen (only during peak hours).
Stations
Service routes
Important stations
East Xujing to West Nanjing Road
The line begins at at the intersection of Xumin East Road and Zhuguang Road. The line heads northeastward under Xumin East Road for about before veering off the road and heading east, passing under Huaxiang Road. The line then enters the interchange station serving the . This station is an interchange with line 10. Shortly thereafter, the line enters the . line 2 then turns northward until it meets Tianshan Road and turns east again, roughly running parallel under Tianshan Road. Along this road, the line enters the , , and stations. At the , line 2 veers away from Tianshan Road, heading northeastward. The line then enters the along Changning Road, an interchange with lines 3 and 4. The subway line then runs parallel under Changning Road for a short distance before heading east under Yuyuan Road. Along Yuyuan Road, there is a station at , an interchange to line 11. East of this station, the line swerves away from Yuyuan Road and runs under Yongyuan Road, which merges into West Nanjing Road, where line 2 enters the , an interchange to line 7. Just before entering the , the metro line veers away from West Nanjing Road to Wujiang Road. Line 2 comes back under the road shortly thereafter.
West Nanjing Road to Longyang Road
East of the , line 2 heads eastward along West Nanjing Road, passing under the South-North Elevated Road. It then turns northeast into the , and interchange with lines 1 and 8. East of the People's Square station, the subway line moves under East Nanjing Road to the . Leaving the Huangpu District of Shanghai, the line heads under the Huangpu River and enters the Pudong New Area of Shanghai. The metro line passes the Oriental Pearl TV Tower and the World Finance Center near its station at . The line then runs under Century Avenue and heads southeastward to the . Line 2 then heads to the , the largest interchange station that serves lines 4, 6 and 9 as well. Line 2 continues southeastward along Century Avenue to the . From here, the line turns southward through Century Park to the . From here, the line turns southeast and then east as it enters the , an interchange with lines 7 and 16 as well as the Shanghai Maglev Train.
Longyang Road to Pudong International Airport
From the , the metro line heads eastward. Line 2 heads eastward, running under Zuchongzhi Road to the station. The line heads northeastward under Zuchongzhi Road to the end stations. Line 2 then veers away from Zuchongzhi Road and heads under the Waihuan Expressway to the end stations, turning south. Heading southward, it heads through the and turns back east, running under Chuanhuan Road. Line 2 then passes through the . Heading away from Chuanhuan Road, the metro line then enters the and stations along Huazhou Road before turning southeast. Line 2 then begins running parallel to the Shanghai Maglev Train as it runs under the Yingbin Expressway and enters the . From here, line 2 continues south to its terminus at the , which serves Shanghai Pudong International Airport.
Future expansion
East expansion
As part of the phase IV extension of Shanghai Pudong International Airport terminal T3 will be built south of the current terminals T1, T2 and satellite terminal. The terminal T3 will be served by extending line 2 south by one station.
West expansion
Construction started on a one station west extension from to Panxiang Road in June 2021. The Panxiang Road station is south of the on line 17, these are separate stations and will not have an interchange. The extension of Metro line 2 to the west will improve the connection of the Hongqiao business hub to the city center and Pudong.
Station name change
On 28 October 2006, Dongfang Road was renamed as the after station renovation for line 2 and the opening of line 4.
October 2006, Middle Henan Road was renamed as the .
Headways
Technology
Power supply
Siemens Transportation Systems equipped this line with an overhead contact line (cantilever material: galvanized steel) and 7 DC traction power supply substations.
Signaling
As the first part of line 2 was opened 20 years ago and the line has been experiencing congestion after rapid ridership growth. In 2014, Shanghai Metro investigated upgrading the existing signal system of line 2 (US&S United Signal AF900, fixed block CBTC) to increase the frequency of trains and reduce congestion. In October 2020, a new CASCO Tranavi (moving block CBTC, DTO) signaling system was overlaid on the existing signaling system on line 2. The Metro line will be the first in the world to have two signal systems, the new primary one for day-to-day operations and the existing older one serving as a backup system during signal faults. Intervals of trains on line 2 could be reduced to 90 seconds thanks to the new signal system with the backup system capable of maintaining two minute headways. For the new system, a total of 100 trains on line 2 will have their signal systems upgraded, and the related work has so far been finished on 31 trains (the new 02A05 series).
Rolling stock
When line 2 was opened to traffic, the AC02 train where not available. Therefore, some of the DC01 and AC01 series trains were borrowed from line 1.
Former Rolling Stock
When line 2 was first opened to traffic, the AC02 trains did not arrive, so some DC01 and AC01 trains were seconded from line 1.
References
Siemens Mobility projects
Shanghai Metro lines
Railway lines opened in 1999
1999 establishments in China
Airport rail links in China
Trbušani () is a village located in the city of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, it has a population of 1,968 inhabitants.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Body fat redistribution (BFR) syndrome, sometimes called fat derangement, is a medical condition characterized by fat loss (or occasionally fat gain), often in the cheeks or face. BFR most often occurs in HIV/AIDS patients undergoing antiretroviral therapy.
Symptoms
The most common manifestations of body fat redistribution are accumulations of fat in the central body in the form of a fat pad on the back of the neck and an accumulation of visceral fat in the abdomen or belly. This fat accumulation is accompanied by a loss of subcutaneous fat in the face, arms, legs, and buttocks.
Adverse effects
Cosmetic concerns may cause patients to refuse or stop treatment. If severe enough, the fat accumulation may result in sleep apnea or other sleep disorders, migraines, decreased range of motion, discomfort due to pressure on internal organs, and general loss of condition. Fat loss may result in pain in the buttocks when seated. Other potential complications resulting from BFR include high cholesterol, high levels of triglycerides, insulin resistance, hyperglycemia, diabetes, gout, and cardiovascular disease. BFR is also associated with certain metabolic abnormalities such as elevations of plasma sugar and fats, but the precise relationship is unknown.
Diagnosis
Definition
No firm definition of body fat redistribution syndrome exists as yet. At least four syndromes have been described that are characterized by the accumulation of fat, and one by the loss of fat; combinations of these may occur in an individual. Gender, age, and pre-therapy body weight appear to influence the severity of BFR in patients. BFR is distinct from lipodystrophy, which simply refers to fat loss.
Treatment
Treatment of symptoms may include cosmetic surgery such as collagen implants; treatment of the underlying syndrome may include changing from protease inhibitors to an NNRTI.
See also
HIV-associated lipodystrophy
Drug-induced lipodystrophy
References
Hanna, Leslie. "Body Fat Changes: More than Lipodystrophy." Bulletin of Experimental Treatments for AIDS, Jan 1999. Accessed 14 Jun 2006.
HIV/AIDS
Syndromes
Saudia Flight 162 was a scheduled flight from Dhahran International Airport, Saudi Arabia to Karachi International Airport, Pakistan that suffered a high-altitude uncontrolled decompression, above international waters off Qatar, killing 2 children who were among the 272 passengers.
Background
The accident aircraft was a Lockheed L-1011-200 TriStar, registration HZ-AHJ (c/n 1161).
Accident
After takeoff as the aircraft reached an altitude of 29,000 feet one of its main wheel tires failed, exploding and creating a hole in the fuselage and cabin floor. An emergency descent was initiated, followed by a successful landing at Qatar's Doha International Airport. Two young passengers were killed when they were ejected through the hole in the cabin floor.
Probable cause
The probable cause of the incident was determined to be a fatigue failure of a flange on the hub of one of the main landing gear wheels. This failure had resulted in one of the tires blowing out. The debris from this explosion had penetrated the cabin of the airplane, causing the explosive decompression. B.F. Goodrich Co. and Lockheed were found to share responsibility for their failure to assess safety hazards associated with this particular wheel design. In addition, the United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) was found to have had inadequate oversight of the manufacturers.
Aftermath
The aircraft was repaired and returned to service with Saudia. It was retired in 1999 and later scrapped.
Notes
References
External links
Aviation Safety Network accident synopsis
162
Aviation accidents and incidents in 1980
Accidents and incidents involving the Lockheed L-1011
Aviation accidents and incidents in Qatar
Airliner accidents and incidents involving in-flight depressurization
1980 in Qatar
1980 in Saudi Arabia
December 1980 events in Asia
The Nogales Port of Entry evolved over time, rather than being planned. When an international fence divided Nogales in the early 20th century, vehicles were inspected at a gate at Grand Avenue, trains were inspected just east of there, and pedestrians were inspected further to the east at Morley Avenue. A small tile-roofed inspection station was completed in 1931 and was expanded in 1949. Substantial renovations were performed in 2011.
In 2011, the Morley Gate facility was renovated to improve throughput and to provide more space and better lighting. On busy days, over 10,000 people enter the United States through Morley Gate. It is one of only four land border pedestrian-only crossing in the United States, the others are the Boquillas Port of Entry in Big Bend National Park in Texas, the Cross Border Xpress at the Tijuana International Airport, and the PedWest component of the San Ysidro Port of Entry.
See also
List of Mexico–United States border crossings
List of Canada–United States border crossings
References
Mexico–United States border crossings
1920s establishments in Arizona
Buildings and structures in Santa Cruz County, Arizona
Leszczany-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Chełm County
1951 Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo) was the 45th water polo championship in Hungary. There were ten teams who played two-round match for the title.
Final list
* M: Matches W: Win D: Drawn L: Lost G+: Goals earned G-: Goals got P: Point
2. Class
Qualification-Relegation play-offs: 1. Bp. Vörös Meteor 9, 2. Tatabányai Bányász 8, 3. Vasas Csepel Autó 6, 4. Szegedi Petőfi 5, 5. Tolnai Vörös Lobogó 2, 6. Miskolci Bástya 0 point.
Budapest: 1. Bp. Vörös Meteor 23, 2. Vasas MÁVAG 13, 3. Előre MÁVAUT 12, 4. Bp. Vörös Lobogó 11 (2), 5. Szikra Tipográfia 8 (2), 6. Bp. Haladás 8 (2), 7. Gyárépítés 1 point (2). In parentheses number of matches is missed.
Sources
Gyarmati Dezső: Aranykor (Hérodotosz Könyvkiadó és Értékesítő Bt., Budapest, 2002.)
1951 in water polo
1951 in Hungarian sport
Seasons in Hungarian water polo competitions
The Cal 39 (Hunt/O'Day) is an American sailboat that was designed by C. Raymond Hunt and Associates as a racer-cruiser and first built in 1988.
The design was originally marketed by the manufacturer as the Cal 39, but is now usually referred to as the Cal 39 (Hunt/O'Day) to differentiate it from the earlier unrelated C. William Lapworth-designs: the 1970 Cal 39, the 1978 Cal 39 Mark II and 1983 Cal 39 Mark III, which were all marketed under the same Cal 39 name.
Production
The design was built by Jensen Marine/Cal Boats and the O'Day Corp. in the United States, both divisions of the Bangor Punta conglomerate. In 2001 George Crowell bought the molds for the design and built a limited number of boats in Little Compton, Rhode Island.
Design
The Cal 39 (Hunt/O'Day) is a recreational keelboat, built predominantly of fiberglass, with wooden trim. It has a masthead sloop rig, a raked stem, a reverse transom with a cut-out for a ladder and swimming platform, a spade-type rudder controlled by a wheel and a fixed fin keel. It displaces and carries of ballast.
The boat has a draft of with the standard keel and with the optional shoal draft wing keel.
The boat is fitted with a Japanese Yanmar diesel inboard engine for docking and maneuvering.
The design has sleeping accommodation for six people, with a bow cabin with a "V"-berth, a "U"-shaped dinette table berth and settee berth and an aft cabin on the starboard side, under the cockpit. The head is located on the port side at the foot of the companionway steps, opposite the galley. The gallery includes a three-burner stove, double sinks and an icebox.
See also
List of sailing boat types
Similar sailboats
Baltic 40
Cal 39
Cal 39 Mark II
Corbin 39
Freedom 39
Freedom 39 PH
Islander 40
Nautical 39
Nordic 40
References
Keelboats
1980s sailboat type designs
Sailing yachts
Sailboat type designs by C. Raymond Hunt Associates
Sailboat types built by O'Day Corp.
Sailboat types built by Cal Yachts
R. P. Goyal was an Indian career banker who served as the tenth Chairman of State Bank of India.
Life
They were born and raised in the Indian city of Mumbai.
They died on 22 October 2011 in Worli,Mumbai. Their obituary was published by The Times of India on 23 October 2011.
Career
Early career
They had joined the State Bank of India as a probationary officer and served in a number of roles until finally becoming the Chairman of State Bank of India in 1983.
Banking career
They served as the tenth Chairman of State Bank of India from 31 January 1983 until 30 November 1983.
After their retirement in 1983, they were succeeded by Vishwanath N. Nadkarni as the Chairman of State Bank of India.
Later career
After having retired from the State Bank of India in 1983, they became a lifelong member of the Institute of Cost Accountants of India.
References
External links
SBI chairpeople
SBI history
Indian bankers
State Bank of India
Chairmen of the State Bank of India
Indian corporate directors
People from Mumbai
2011 deaths
Year of birth missing
The 36th Nova Scotia general election may refer to
the 1916 Nova Scotia general election, the 35th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the (due to a counting error in 1859) 36th General Assembly of Nova Scotia,
the 1920 Nova Scotia general election, the 36th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 37th General Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 14th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, or
the 2003 Nova Scotia general election, the 58th overall general election for Nova Scotia, for the 58th Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia, but considered the 36th general election for the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.
The UNESCO Creative Cities Network (UCCN) is a project of UNESCO launched in 2004 to promote cooperation among cities which recognized creativity as a major factor in their urban development. , there are 180 cities from 72 countries in the network. As of 2021 there are a total number of 295 creative cities from 90 countries in the world.
The network aims to foster mutual international cooperation with and between member cities committed to invest in creativity as a driver for sustainable urban development, social inclusion and cultural vibrancy. The Network recognizes the following creative fields:
The overall situation and activities within the Network is reported in the UCCN Membership Monitoring Reports, each for a 4-year period for a particular city.
The Network recognizes the concept of creative tourism, defined as travel associated with creative experience and participation.
Film
Literature
Music
Crafts and Folk Arts
Design
UNESCO's Design Cities project is part of the wider Creative Cities Network. To be approved as a Design City, cities need to meet a number of criteria set by UNESCO. The Design Cities are:
Gastronomy
Media Arts
York (UK) became a UNESCO Creative City of Media Arts in 2014.
References
UNESCO
Organizations established in 2004
Creativity
External links
Beinn Ghlas may mean:
Beinn Ghlas (Loch Tay), a mountain in the Southern Highlands of Scotland
Beinn Ghlas (Inveraray), one of the Marilyns in the Southern Highlands
Beinn Ghlas (Oban), one of the Marilyns in the Southern Highlands
Beinn Ghlas (Lochgilphead), one of the Marilyns in the Southern Highlands
See also
The 26 Bristol and Exeter Railway 4-4-0ST locomotives were broad gauge steam locomotives. They first entered service in 1855 and the last was withdrawn in 1892. The Bristol and Exeter Railway was amalgamated into the Great Western Railway on 1 January 1876.
The locomotives were built in four batches, each by a different builder, with variations between them, noticeably in the size of the saddle tank.
List of locomotives
1859 Rothwell locomotives
Five locomotives built by Rothwell and Company with gallon saddle tanks and wheelbase.
47 (1855–1879) GWR No. 2028
48 (1855–1879) GWR No. 2029
49 (1855–1884) GWR No. 2030
50 (1855–1884) GWR No. 2031
51 (1855–1882) GWR No. 2032
52 (1855–1880) GWR No. 2033
1862 Beyer, Peacock locomotives
Four locomotives built by Beyer Peacock with saddle tanks and wheelbase.
61 (1862–1884) GWR No. 2034
62 (1862–1886) GWR No. 2035
63 (1862–1880) GWR No. 2036
64 (1862–1886) GWR No. 2037
1867 Vulcan Foundry locomotives
Ten locomotives built by the Vulcan Foundry with saddle tanks and wheelbase, the same as the Beyer, Peacock locomotives built five years earlier.
65 (1867–1880) GWR No. 2038
66 (1867–1892) GWR No. 2039
67 (1867–1888) GWR No. 2040
68 (1867–1880) GWR No. 2041
69 (1867–1892) GWR No. 2042
70 (1867–1888) GWR No. 2043
71 (1867–1882) GWR No. 2044
72 (1867–1892) GWR No. 2045
73 (1867–1889) GWR No, 2046
74 (1867–1892) GWR No. 2047
1872 Avonside locomotives
Six locomotives built by the Avonside Engine Company with saddle tanks and wheelbase.
85 (1872–1892) GWR No. 2048
86 (1872–1892) GWR No. 2049
87 (1873–1892) GWR No. 2050
88 (1873–1890) GWR No. 2051
89 (1873–1892) GWR No. 2052
90 (1873–1892) GWR No. 2053
No. 2051 was withdrawn following a fatal collision at Norton Fitzwarren railway station in Somerset while working a special ocean mail train from Plymouth on 11 November 1890.
References
Broad gauge (7 feet) railway locomotives
4-4-0ST locomotives
Beyer, Peacock locomotives
Vulcan Foundry locomotives
Avonside locomotives
Bristol and Exeter Railway locomotives
Railway locomotives introduced in 1855
Scrapped locomotives
Daniel Nicoletta (born December 23, 1954) is an Italian-American photographer, photojournalist and gay rights activist.
Biography
Daniel Nicoletta was born in New York City and raised in Utica, New York. In their late teens they left New York to attend San Francisco State University, later graduating from the bachelor of arts programs. They started their photographic career in 1975 as an intern to Crawford Barton, who was then a staff photographer for the national gay magazine The Advocate.
Career
In 1974, when they were 19, Nicoletta first met Harvey Milk and Scott Smith at Castro Camera, their camera store on Castro Street; the following year, they hired them to work at the shop. The three became friends, and Nicoletta worked with Milk on their campaigns for political office. During this period of time, Nicoletta took many now well-known photographs of Milk. When Milk was elected to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, they became California's first openly gay elected official; they served for almost eleven months before they and Mayor George Moscone were assassinated by Dan White at City Hall on November 27, 1978.
After Milk's death, Nicoletta worked to keep their memory alive. They were the installation coordinator of the Harvey Milk photographic tribute plaques installed at Harvey Milk Plaza and at the Castro Street Station, which featured their photographs as well as those of Marc Cohen, Don Eckert, Jerry Pritikin, Efren Ramirez, Rink, and Leland Toy. They were co-chair of the Harvey Milk City Hall Memorial Committee, and their photograph served as the basis for the bust of Milk that now resides in the rotunda of San Francisco's City Hall.
Nicoletta was one of the founders of the San Francisco International LGBT Film Festival, now known as the Frameline Film Festival. In 1977, while still working at Harvey Milk's photography shop, Nicoletta, along with David Waggoner, Marc Huestis, and others, began film screenings of their Super 8 films, called the Gay Film Festival of Super 8 Films, which evolved into the yearly festival.
From 1990 to 2000, Nicoletta maintained a photography studio in San Francisco's Hayes Valley neighborhood. The studio provided them a setting for work focused on artistic portraits of queer personalities, community leaders, performers and colorful urban characters. It also served as a cultural and social center where Nicoletta organized parties, salons, memorial services and other events.
Nicoletta's work has documented queer culture from the mid-1970s into the 2000s. In addition to their historic images of Harvey Milk, their subjects include the White Night Riots, the Castro Street Fair, the San Francisco Pride Parade, The Cockettes, and the Angels of Light, as well as personalities such as Justin Bond, Loren Cameron, Divine, Mark Ewert, Ruth Weiss, Allen Ginsberg, Harry Hay, G.B. Jones, and Sylvester. They also have served as a set photographer for several films, including Vegas in Space (1992), Milk (2008) and All About Evil (2010).
Publications
Since the late 1970s, Nicoletta's photographs have been widely reproduced in periodicals, including The Advocate, the Bay Area Reporter, The Guardian, the Los Angeles Times, The New York Times, the San Francisco Chronicle, the Village Voice and X-tra West (Canada).
Their work has appeared in numerous books, including Randy Shilts' The Mayor of Castro Street (1982); Ruth Silverman's San Francisco Observed: A Photographic Record (1986); Beth Schneider and Nancy E. Stoller's Women Resisting AIDS: Feminist Strategies of Empowerment (1995) (cover photo); Jim Van Buskirk and Susan Stryker's Gay by the Bay: A Pictorial History of Queer Culture in the San Francisco Bay Area (1996); David A. Sprigle's Beasts: FotoFactory Anthology II (1997); Strange de Jim's San Francisco's Castro (2003); David Gere's How to Make Dances in an Epidemic: Tracking Choreography in the Age of AIDS (2004); Joshua Gamson's The Fabulous Sylvester: The Legend, the Music, the Seventies in San Francisco (2006); Dustin Lance Black and Armistead Maupin's MILK: A Pictorial History of Harvey Milk (2009); and Chris March's I Heart Chris March (2010) (cover photo).
Harvey Milk "Forever Stamp," issued May 22, 2014. The stamp art centers on a photo of Milk taken in front of their camera store in San Francisco. The colors of the gay pride flag appear in a vertical strip in the top left corner.
Nicoletta's photographs have been featured in a number of documentary films. Their images of Harvey Milk appear prominently in the 1985 Academy Award winning documentary The Times of Harvey Milk, directed by Rob Epstein. Their work also appears in the 1993 Marc Huestis film Sex Is....
Exhibitions
The photographic work of Daniel Nicoletta has been shown in one-artist exhibitions at Josie's Cabaret (San Francisco, 1994); Levi-Strauss Corporate Headquarters (San Francisco, 1996); Overtones Gallery (Los Angeles, 2009); and Electric Works (San Francisco, 2010).
In addition, their prints have appeared in numerous group shows in the United States, including "AIDS: The Artists' Response," Hoyt L. Sherman Gallery, Ohio State University (April 1989); "Group Work: AIDS Timeline", Whitney Biennial (April 1991); "Harvey Milk: Second Sight," San Francisco Arts Commission Gallery (October–November 1998); "Out of the Closet," Catharine Clark Gallery, San Francisco (May–June 2000); "Made in California," Los Angeles County Museum of Art (October 2000–February 2001); "An Autobiography of the San Francisco Bay Area, Part 1," San Francisco Camerawork (September–October 2009); and "Life and Death in Black and White: AIDS Direct Action in San Francisco, 1985–1990," the GLBT History Museum, San Francisco (March–June 2012).
Their work was featured in the 1997 exhibition "Goodbye to Berlin: 100 Jahre Schwulenbewegung," organized by the Schwules Museum at the Akademie der Künste in Berlin.
Museum and archival collections
Nicoletta's work is represented in the permanent collections of the James C. Hormel Gay and Lesbian Center at the San Francisco Public Library; the Bancroft Library at the University of California, Berkeley; the Wallach Collection of Fine Prints and the Berg Collection at the New York Public Library; the Schwules Museum in Berlin, Germany; and the GLBT Historical Society in San Francisco.
In media
In the feature film Milk, a biographical film based on the life of Harvey Milk directed by Gus Van Sant, Daniel Nicoletta is played by Lucas Grabeel. Nicoletta plays Carl Carlson and served as the still photographer on the film.
Bibliography
LGBT San Francisco: The Daniel Nicoletta Photographs, (Reel Art Press, 2017)
Flight of Angels, Adrian Brooks (author) and Daniel Nicoletta (photographer) (Arsenal Pulp Press, 2008)
Gay By The Bay, Susan Stryker and Jim Van Buskirk, (Chronicle Books, 1996)
The Mayor of Castro Street, Randy Shilts, (St. Martin's Press, 1988)
Film
Reel in the Closet (2015) directed by Stu Maddux
Milk (2008) directed by Gus Van Sant
That Man: Peter Berlin (2005) directed by Jim Tushinski
Sex Is (1993) directed by Marc Huestis
The Times of Harvey Milk (1984) directed by Rob Epstein
Theatrical Collage (1976) directed by Daniel Nicoletta
The Advocate for Fagdom documentary by Angélique Bosio about queercore filmmaker Bruce La Bruce,
References
External links
Daniel Nicoletta's photographs
SF Gate on an exhibition of Daniel Nicoletta's photographs
1954 births
Living people
American photojournalists
Gay artists
LGBT photographers from the United States
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Radical Faeries members
Harvey Milk
Jayden Seales (born 10 September 2001) is a Trinidadian cricketer. Seales made their international debut for the West Indies cricket team in June 2021.
Career
They made their Twenty20 debut on 18 August 2020, for the Trinbago Knight Riders in the 2020 Caribbean Premier League, taking one wicket in the match. Prior to their T20 debut, they were named in the West Indies' squad for the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup. They made their first-class debut on 11 December 2020, for the West Indies A against New Zealand A, during the West Indies tour of New Zealand. They made their List A debut on 17 February 2021, for Trinidad and Tobago, in the 2020–21 Super50 Cup.
In March 2021, Cricket West Indies (CWI) named Seales as a developmental player for the first Test match against Sri Lanka. In June 2021, Seales was named in a 17-man provisional squad for the Test series against South Africa. Prior to their selection, Seales had only played in ten professional matches, including just one first-class fixture. On 8 June 2021, CWI named Seales in the squad for the first Test against South Africa. On being named in the squad, Seales said that it was a "a dream come true" and hoped that they would be selected for the match. Seales made their Test debut on 6 June 2021, for the West Indies against South Africa. Despite a heavy defeat for the West Indies in the match, Seales took three wickets, including a wicket in the first over they bowled.
In August 2021, in the first match against Pakistan, Seales took their first five-wicket haul in Test cricket, with 5/55 in the second innings. In doing so, they became the youngest cricketer from the West Indies to take a five-wicket haul in Tests, breaking Alf Valentine's record set in 1950.
In November 2021, they were selected to play for the Jaffna Kings following the players' draft for the 2021 Lanka Premier League.
In December 2021, they were named in the West Indies' One Day International (ODI) squad for their series against Ireland. In May 2022, they were named in the West Indies ODI squads for their series against the Netherlands and Pakistan. They made their ODI debut on 4 June 2022, for the West Indies against the Netherlands.
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
West Indies Test cricketers
West Indies One Day International cricketers
Trinidad and Tobago cricketers
Trinbago Knight Riders cricketers
Place of birth missing (living people)
Jaffna Kings cricketers
The Morse Message was a series of brief radio messages in Morse code that were transmitted from the Evpatoria Planetary Radar (EPR) complex and directed to the planet Venus in 1962.
The message consisted of three words, all encoded in Morse code: the word “Mir” (, meaning both “peace” and “world”) was transmitted from the EPR on November 19, 1962, and the words “Lenin” () and “USSR” (, the abbreviation for the Soviet Union — , Soyúz Soviétskikh Sotsialistícheskikh Respúblik) were transmitted on November 24, 1962. In Russian, the Morse Message is referred to as the Radio Message “MIR, LENIN, USSR”.
The message was the first radio broadcast intended for extraterrestrial civilizations in the history of humankind. It was also used to test the radar station (though not for measuring the distance to Venus, since the EPR relied on a different technology, a coherent waveform with frequency manipulation, for distance measurements). The signals reflected off the surface of Venus and were received back on Earth 4 minutes, 32.7 seconds and 4 minutes, 44.7 seconds later (for the November 19 and November 24 broadcasts, respectively).
The signals are currently in transit to the star HD 131336 in the Libra constellation. The famous star Gliese 581, the addressee of the modern interstellar messages A Message From Earth and Hello From Earth, is also located in Libra.
See also
List of interstellar radio messages
References
1962 in the Soviet Union
Interstellar messages
Science and technology in the Soviet Union
Space program of the Soviet Union
Venus
Walter Wolf is a Croatian brand of cigarettes. It is currently owned and manufactured by the .
History
The brand was introduced in the 1990s during the Yugoslav Wars. With the movement of refugees to Central Europe, it was introduced into the trade.
Pack design
The design of the logo, a striking red W with the stylised injected relief of a Wolf, emerged in the 1970s in Switzerland. From the 2000s onwards, the design has been processed to the intellectual property rights.
The design of the packaging is dark blue with gold lettering and the words "Walter Wolf". The design remained virtually unchanged until 2012, but there came a bit more room for variation of the brand name for trade reasons.
The cigarettes carry the name of the Austrian entrepreneur Walter Wolf. The distinctive logo was also used in the Formula 1 racing team Walter Wolf Racing, as well as for perfumes.
Sponsorship
Formula 1
The brand was the main sponsor of the Formula 1 team with the similar name, Walter Wolf Racing, from its debut in 1977 until its departure in 1979.
Markets
Walter Wolf cigarettes were or still are sold in the following countries: Austria, Slovenia, Croatia , Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Bulgaria.
See also
Tobacco smoking
Drina (cigarette)
Elita (cigarette)
Filter 57 (cigarette)
Jadran (cigarette)
Laika (cigarette)
Lovćen (cigarette)
Morava (cigarette)
Partner (cigarette)
Smart (cigarette)
Time (cigarette)
Sobranie
Jin Ling
LD (cigarette)
References
Cigarette brands
Dagon Khin Khin Lay ( ; 20 February 1904 – 23 June 1981) was a Burmese novelist, screenwriter, and cinematographer. Founder of Dagon Publishing Company, Khin Khin Lay, along with Journal Kyaw Ma Ma Lay and Ludu Daw Amar, they were one of the few female publishers in Burma.
Biography
Khin Khin Lay was born Khin Lay Latt ( ) in Mandalay to Khin Khin Latt and Myat Kyaw, a police officer. Khin Khin Lay was only 12 when they won a literary award competition with their first novel Nwe Nwe in 1917. At 18, they published Kyi Daw Zet magazine in Mandalay. They founded Dagaon magazine and started writing under the penname "Dagon Khin Khin Lay". They also wrote horror novels as "Ko Ko Lay" and the political literature as "Yuwati Lay Ni". They were also a founder of Burma Women Writers Association.
Khin Khin Lay was married to a fellow journalist and publisher of Bama-Khit newspaper, Ohn Khin. They died on 23 June 1981 in Yangon. They were 77.
Works
Novels
Nwe Nwe (1917)
Chit Min Nyo
Ye Lyin Min Phyit
Gon Myint Thu
Chit Annawa
Shwe Son Nyo
Nge Kyun Khin
Sarsodaw (1935)
Sixty Years: Autobiography(1961)
Kyun Oo Te Than Lat Khon (1972)
Kabarhlat Saung Ba (1973)
Wetmasut Biography (1975)
Yadanarbon Hteit-Tin Hlaing (1979)
Cinematography
Sein Yaung Soe
Chit Sa-No
Mhya Nat Maung (Cupid)
Publishing
Kyi Daw Zet
Bama Khit Newspaper
Yuwati Journal
Yuwati Newspaper
Burmese writers
1904 births
1981 deaths
Burmese screenwriters
Burmese cinematographers
People from Mandalay
Burmese women cinematographers
20th-century Burmese women writers
20th-century Burmese writers
20th-century screenwriters
Niina Mäkinen (born 18 April 1992) is a Finnish ice hockey forward, most recently of Oulun Kärpät Naiset during the 2019–20 Naisten Liiga season. They competed with the Finnish national team and participated in the IIHF World Women's Championship in 2011, 2013 and 2015.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Finnish women's ice hockey forwards
Oulun Kärpät Naiset players
Team Kuortane players
Cats Jyväskylä players
Sportspeople from Central Finland
Voynov or Voinov (Russian, Ukrainian or Bulgarian: Войнов or Воинов, from воин meaning warrior) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Voynova or Voinova. Notable people with the surname include:
Aleksandr Voynov (born 1993), Russian football midfielder
Anastasia Voynova (born 1993), Russian track cyclist
Denis Voynov (born 1990), Russian footballer
Dimitrie Voinov (1867–1951), Romanian zoologist, histologist and cytologist
Iliya Voynov (born 1964), Bulgarian football winger
Lyuboslav Voynov (born 1992), Bulgarian football midfielder
Nicolae Voinov (1834-1899), Romanian politician
Sergey Voynov (born 1977), Uzbekistani javelin thrower
Slava Voynov (born 1990), Russian ice hockey player
Vanya Voynova (1934–1993), Bulgarian basketball player
Voyn Voynov (born 1952), Bulgarian footballer and manager
Yuriy Voynov (1931–2003), Soviet footballer and manager
References
Russian-language surnames
The New York Stallion Series was created by the New York Thoroughbred Breeders', Inc. The races (once a day-long event but now spread out over various dates) are run at Aqueduct Racetrack and/or Belmont Park and feature the progeny of stallions standing in the state of New York.
First race Thunder Rumble
New York Stallion Thunder Rumble Stakes is for Thoroughbred horses three-years-old and up. The Thunder Rumble is restricted to geldings and colts at a distance of seven furlongs on the dirt and offers a purse of $75,000.
Past winners
2010 – Driven by Success
2009 – Uncle T Seven
2008 – Mor Chances (Jose Lezcano)
2007 – stuntman (Javier Castellano) (Gold and Roses, Eibar Coa up, placed)
Second race Great White Way
New York Stallion Great White Way Division (named for the famous theater district running along New York City's Broadway) is for two-year-old geldings and colts at a distance of six furlongs and offers a purse of $100,000.
The race was run at Belmont Park in 1985, 1986, 1987, and 1990.
Past winners
2010 – Eminent Tale (Ramon A. Dominguez)
2009 -
2008 – Lookin At Them (Cornelio Velásquez)
2007 – Spanky Fischbein (John Velazquez)
2006 – Baxter (Kent Desormeaux)
2005 – Classic Pack (Pablo Fragoso)
2004 – Accurate (Norberto Arroyo Jr.)
2003 – West Virginia (Jerry D. Bailey)
2002 – Grey Comet (José A. Santos)
2001 – White Ibis (Robbie Davis)
2000 – Crispy Jet (Jerry D. Bailey)
1999 – Entrepreneur (John Velazquez)
1998 – Shut Out Time (Joe Bravo)
1997 – Mellow Roll (Frank Lovato Jr.)
1996 – Say Florida Sandy (Richard Migliore)
1995 – Romantic Rogue (Robbie Davis)
1994 – Ave's Flag (John Velazquez)
1993 – Spartan Victory (José A. Santos)
1992 – Rush Chairman Bill (Randy Romero)
1991 – Jay Gee (Ángel Cordero Jr.)
1990 – All Smarts (Craig Perret)
1989 – Sir Richard Lewis (Ángel Cordero Jr.)
1988 – Scarlet Ibis (Jose Romero)
1987 – Ballindaggin (Jorge Velásquez)
1986 – Royal Value (Randy Romero)
1985 – Bullet Blade (Richard Migliore)
Third race Perfect Arc
The New York Stallion Perfect Arc Division is restricted to fillies and mares three-years-old and up and run at a distance of one and one sixteenth mile on the turf for a purse of $75,000.
Past winners
2008 – Follow My Dream (Jose Lezcano)
2007 – Factual Contender (Eibar Coa)
2006 – Artistic Express(3) (Cornelio Velásquez)
2005 – Champagne Ending (3) (Pablo Fragoso)
2004 – Kevin's Decision (4) (Edgar Prado)
2003 – Ma Femme (5) (Julio Pezua)
2002 – Lovely Amanda (5) (John Velazquez)
2001 – Waku Up Kiss (3) (Edgar Prado)
2000 – Ruby Friday (3) (Norberto Arroyo Jr.)
Fourth race Fifth Avenue
The New York Stallion Fifth Avenue Division is restricted to two year old filles, the Fifth Avenue is run at a distance of six furlongs and offers a purse of $100,000.
Fifth Avenue is a noted street in the New York City borough of Manhattan, dividing the borough's East and West sides. It was run at Belmont Park in 1985, 1986, 1987, and 1990.
Past winners
2008 – Sarah Accomplished (Jose Lezcano)
2007 – Canadian Ballet (Alan Garcia)
2006 – Laurentide Ice (Cornelio Velásquez)
2005 – Princess Sweet (Cornelio Velásquez)
2004 – Karakorum Splendor (Pablo Fragoso)
2003 – So Sweet a Cat (John Velazquez)
2002 – Beautiful America (José A. Santos)
2001 – Princess Dixie (Edgar Prado)
2000 – Bon Fearless (Mike Luzzi)
1999 – Dat You Miz Blue (Jerry D. Bailey)
1998 – Long Distance (Richard Migliore)
1997 – Dancewiththebride (Cornelio Velásquez)
1996 – Iamacarr (Mike Smith)
1995 – Thunder Achiever (Jerry D. Bailey)
1994 – Rogues Walk (John Velazquez)
1993 – Princess JV (Richard Migliore)
1992 – Etta (Julie Krone)
1991 – Queen of Triumph (Jorge F. Chavez)
1990 – Talc's Coventry (Jerry D. Bailey)
1989 – Just Cuz (Jerry D. Bailey)
1988 – Addy's Appeal (William Fox Jr.)
1987 – Mithrandir (Julio Pezua)
1986 – Lady Cave (Robbie Davis)
1985 – Romantic Girl (Nick Santagata)
Fifth race Long Island
The Long Island Handicap is a race for Thoroughbred horses held each November at Aqueduct Racetrack. The race is for fillies and mares, age three and up, willing to race the one and one-half miles on the turf.
This race was down-graded from a Grade II event to a Grade III beginning in 2007, and carries a purse of $150,000.
Past winners
2008 – Criticisms
2007 – Dalvina (Cornelio Velásquez)
2006 – Safari Queen
2005 – Olaya
2004 – Eleusis
2003 – Spice Island
2002 – Uriah
2001 – Queue
Sixth race Staten Island
The New York Stallion Series Staten Island Stakes is for fillies and mares three-years-old and up. The Staten Island is run at a distance of seven furlongs on the dirt and offers a purse of $75,000.
The race is named for the island that sits just below the island of Manhattan.
Past winners
2010 – Big Brownie
2009 – Mother Russia
2008 – Under Serviced (John Velazquez)
2007 – Tamberino (Eibar Coa)
Seventh race Cormorant
The New York Stallion Series Cormorant Division is for three-year-olds and up at a distance of one and one sixteenth miles on the turf and offers a purse of $75,000.
Past winners
2009 – Ruffino (6)
2008 – Classic Park (5) (Cornelio Velásquez)
2007 – Red Zipper (4) (Eibar Coa)
2006 – Red Zipper(3) (Eibar Coa)
2005 – Retribution (3) (Cornelio Velásquez)
2004 – Pa Pa Da (3) (Jose Espinoza)
2003 – Quantum Merit (4) (Richard Migliore)
2002 – Haggs Castle (4) (Mike Luzzi)
2001 – Union One (4) (Richard Migliore)
2000 – Chasin' Wimmin (5) (Jean-Luc Samyn)
Eighth race Park Avenue
The New York York Stallion Series Park Avenue division (in its 18th year as of 2011) is for three-year-old fillies at a distance of 6 furlongs and offers a purse of $100,000.
Past winners
2011 – Lady on the Run (Mike Luzzi)
2010 – Franny Freud (Garrett Gomez)
2009 – Mother Russia (Ramon Domínguez)
2008 – Like a Rose (Michael Luzzi)
2007 – Mighty Eros (Norberto Arroyo Jr.)
2006 – No Reason (Channing Hill)
2005 – Pretty Suzi (Pablo Fragoso)
2004 – Ihaveadate (Shaun Bridgmohan)
2003 – Hanselina (Edgar Prado)
2002 – Liveitupnow (Norberto Arroyo Jr.)
2001 – Lady Katie (Edgar Prado)
2000 – Laken (Mike Luzzi)
1999 – Winloc's Glorious (Shaun Bridgmohan)
1998 – Jersey Girl (Richard Migliore)
1997 – Dewars Rocks (Jorge Chavez)
1996 – Double Dee's (Frank Alvarado)
1995 – Dancin Renee (Jose Velez)
1994 – Minetonightsfirst (Robbie Davis)
Ninth race Times Square Division
The Times Square is run at 6 furlongs and restricted to three-year-old colts and geldings.
Past winners
2010 – General Maximus
2009 – Uncle T Steven (Ramon Domínguez)
2008 – Fort Drum (Eibar Coa)
2007 – Bustin Stones (Ramon Domínguez)
2006 – Prince of Peace (Fernando Jara)
2005 – Gold and Roses (Shaun Bridgmohan)
2004 – West Virginia (John Velazquez)
2003 – Grey Comet (Jerry Bailey)
2002 – Trial Prep (John Velazquez)
2001 – Tom's Thunder (John Velazquez)
2000 – Be Mine Tonight (John Velazquez)
1999 – Shut Out Time (Joe Bravo)
1998 – Sandpile (Jorge Chavez)
1997 – Saratoga Sunrise (Robbie Davis)
1996 – Instant Friendship (John Velazquez)
1995 – Ave's Flag (John Velazquez)
1994 – Gash (Robbie Davis)
References
Horse races in New York (state)
Racing series for horses
In the legal code of the United States, a money transmitter or money transfer service is a business entity that provides money transfer services or payment instruments. Money transmitters in the US are part of a larger group of entities called money service businesses or MSBs. Under federal law, 18 USC § 1960, businesses are required to register for a money transmitter license where their activity falls within the state definition of a money transmitter.
Regulation
Forty-nine US states (sans Montana) regulate (i.e., require licensure for) money transmitters although the laws vary from one state to the other. Most of the states require a money transmitter surety bond with widely ranging amounts from as little as $25,000 to over $1 million and maintaining a minimum capital requirement. There is an association of state regulators, the Money Transfer Regulators Association (MTRA) that seeks to create uniformity and common practices and efficient and effective regulation of money transmission industry in the United States of America. The MTRA membership consists of state regulatory authorities in charge of regulating money transmitters and sellers of traveler's checks, money orders, drafts and other money instruments. In the Spring of 2019, the MTRA created the Industry Advisory Council (“IAC”) in order to consult, advise and assist the MTRA Board of Directors on issues relating to money services business regulation.
Through their Vision 2020 program, US state regulators, as the primary regulators of non-bank and fintech firms, committed to fostering innovation are transforming the licensing process, harmonizing supervision, engaging fintech companies, assisting state banking departments, making it easier for banks to provide services to non-banks, and make supervision more efficient for third parties.
Money transmitters created an association with other MSBs, the Money Services Business Association (MSBA) which was launched in October 2015 as an industry led organization that supports the non-bank financial services industry in the United States and encourages the continued innovation and development in the payments industry while promoting the education and communication with US federal and state regulators. As of September 5, 2018, the MSBA integrated into its operation the services and capabilities of the National Money Transmitters Association (NMTA). Together with the MSBA and other industry associations, the International Money Transfer Conferences (IMTC), brings together the global money transfer industry once a year for the IMTC WORLD conference, in Miami, Florida. In 2017 the IMTC brought together more than 450 participants, 67% from the US.
The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) of the U.S. Treasury Department requires MSBs to register. It is also a felony to engage in money transmission without a license in any state that requires a license to operate. Internet and mobile-based payment services are also required to seek a state money transmitter license to offer services to individuals residing in the state.
FINCEN has also ruled that Informal Value Transfer Systems (IVTS) are considered money transmitters for the purposes of registration and licensing. FINCEN defines an IVTS as "any system, mechanism, or network of people that receives money for the purpose of making the funds or an equivalent value payable to a third party in another geographic location, whether or not in the same form". These are known as Hawala in the Middle East, Afghanistan and Pakistan, as "hundi" in India and '"fei ch'ien" in China.
In regulations enacted in 2012 under the Dodd-Frank Act the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) extended its regulation under a "Remittance Rule" that added some additional protection for US consumers who send money electronically to foreign countries. The rule targets any remittance institution defined as consumer-to-consumer transfers of low monetary value, made via money transmitters, banks or credit unions, through wire transfers or Automated Clearing House (ACH) transactions, to businesses as well as to individuals in foreign countries.
See also
Money laundering
Remittance
References
External links
FINCEN's information on MSBs
Payment systems
"Sixteen Going on Seventeen" is a show tune from the 1959 Rodgers and Hammerstein musical The Sound of Music.
Background
The lyrics of the song state that Liesl is a young girl at the beginning of their womanhood, and that they can depend on Rolf for guidance, because they are a good year older. Since the comparative maturity of the two characters is the opposite of that expressed in the song, this is an example of lyrical irony.
A reprise of "Sixteen Going on Seventeen" is also sung by Maria and Liesl when the Captain and Maria came back from their honeymoon and Rolf has rejected Liesl. In the stage version, there is an introduction to the reprise for Maria to sing. This quatrain was originally written as the verse intro to Climb Ev'ry Mountain but reassigned to the Sixteen Going on Seventeen reprises later on.
It was cut from the film version of The Sound of Music, but included on reissues of the soundtrack recording.
In the motion picture version, the song was filmed in and around a gazebo which is still visited by hundreds of tourists each day doing "Sound of Music" tours around Salzburg though the gazebo interiors were filmed in Hollywood. Charmian Carr was actually 21 years old when the song was filmed.
State Farm remix
State Farm Insurance released an advertisement campaign, featuring a remix of the show tune as a rock song. It was produced by the audio production firm Modern Music.
In popular culture
This song was used twice on Family Guy. The song is heard in the episode "Family Gay" and Lois sings the song to their daughter Meg in the episode "Peter's Two Dads," trying to guess how old they are.
The song was reimagined by Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders in an episode of their sketch show French and Saunders where, as one of several sketches based on the movie, the two sit in the gazebo singing the lyrics "I am French/And you are Saunders".
The song was used as the outro music for "Tea Leaves," a fifth-season episode of the US television series Mad Men.
The song was used in the 1996 British film Beautiful Thing. On the second night they share a bed, Jamie kisses Ste for the first time, and the song is heard playing at the end of the scene. The song continues playing through to the following scenes.
On May 4, 2000, Julia Louis-Dreyfus was a guest on the Late Show with David Letterman, ending their visit on the show by performing a rendition of the song with fellow Seinfeld co-star, Jerry Seinfeld himself.
A movie in 2004, 13 Going on 30, is named after this, and also includes a parody.
Seohyun of Korean pop group Girls' Generation did a cover of it for their "Into the New World tour". It was later put on the tour album.
It is a part of the play in The Pacifier (starring Vin Diesel).
The song is used by WGR 550 in Buffalo leading into discussions about the Bills playoff drought.
The "Sixteen Going on Seventeen" scene is featured on The Orville episode "If the Stars Should Appear" when Klyden asks to see something to make them happy in addition to eating rocky road ice cream as "depression food" following an argument with Bortus.
Laibach did a cover of the song for their "The Sound of Music" album, which was inspired by their 2015 tour in North Korea.
References
1959 songs
Songs with music by Richard Rodgers
Songs with lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II
Songs from The Sound of Music
Vocal duets
The Experimental Railroad was a horse-driven railroad in Raleigh, North Carolina built in 1833 to transport granite for the North Carolina State Capitol from a quarry one mile away in southeast Raleigh. It is considered North Carolina's first railroad.
North Carolina's first self-powered railroad was the Wilmington and Weldon Railroad, built in 1840.
References
Defunct North Carolina railroads
American companies established in 1833
Railway companies established in 1833
Nakučani is a village in the municipality of Gornji Milanovac, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 123 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Patrick Joseph Mullany (March 18, 1935 – September 7, 2016) was an American Federal Bureau of Investigation special agent and instructor at the FBI Academy.  They are best known for pioneering the FBI's offender profiling in the 1970s and 1980s with fellow FBI instructor Howard Teten. Mullany received a master's degree in psychology and counseling from Manhattan College. They began working for the FBI in the mid-1960s. Their primary position in the FBI was in the Behavioral Analysis Unit, where they embarked on their work in offender profiling. Mullany applied methods to analyze possible patterns of behavior and traits common in certain types of criminals. In doing this, the FBI can attempt to narrow down suspects and predict future likelihood of offending.
Early life and education
Patrick was born March 18, 1935, in New York City. They started and completed a bachelor's degree in American history with a minor in British history, from Catholic University in Washington D.C. During this time they were also involved in an organization called the Christian Brothers. After receiving a bachelor's degree, they went on to complete a master's degree in counseling and psychology from Manhattan College in New York. Shortly after graduating, Mullany worked various jobs. During this time they started to become interested in the FBI through their sister. Their sister had worked as a clerk for the FBI and their husband was an FBI agent. Persuasion by them and other acquaintances led them to apply for the FBI.
Career in the FBI
After being accepted into the FBI, they went through 16 months of training to become a special agent. They ended up in Los Angeles after training and it is here that the FBI saw potential for them to teach. With an advanced degree in psychology, the training division offered them a position to become a faculty member. Mullany was then transferred back to New York and was part of the Behavioral Science Unit. It is here that Mullany along with Teten spearheaded much of the work done on the psychological aspects of criminal behavior. On top of the work done for the Behavioral Science Unit, they also co-initiated two other major police programs, the Hostage Negotiations and Criminal Psychological Profiling. Their FBI career lasted in total from 1966 until 1986.
Criminal profiling
In the early to late 1970s, Mullany and Teten spearheaded the behavioral science unit in Quantico, Virginia, using criminal psychology to create profiling techniques still used by the FBI today. Teten, being a criminologist, would present the facts of the case, and Mullany, having a master's degree in psychology, would connect the serial killer's personality to certain aspects of the crime scene. In the early stages of their work, there was some uncertainty with their methodology and how well their techniques worked. As they began to gain more confidence and momentum in what they were doing, and after a very significant case, their profiling techniques began to gain favor and become a more accepted practice within the FBI. While their original aim for these practices was to assist local law enforcement in serial killer and rape cases by narrowing leads and identifying suspects, through its eventual widespread use in such investigations, criminal profilers also began assisting in the prosecutions of said cases.
While success has emerged from the use of Mullany and Teten's methods, there have been many questions raised about their validity. The profiling methods used by the FBI are considered to be non-scientific and are usually compared to their scientific counterparts. Some noted limitations of non-scientific methods are the agents reliance on their personal intuition and professional knowledge and lack of clear, organized procedures. Criminal profiling and its admissibility in the courtroom for high-profile rape and murder cases has been also been disputed with varying opinions. While studies have been conducted on the use of criminal profiling and its effectiveness, there is insufficient empirical evidence to either confirm or deny the validity of the techniques and methodology created by Mullany and Teten.
Later life
Late in their life, Mullany lived in Indian Wells, California, where they served on the city council between 2006 and 2014. They died of complications from a stroke on September 7, 2016.
References
1935 births
2016 deaths
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
Offender profiling
Manhattan College alumni
Catholic University of America alumni
Vanya Milanova (born January 12, 1954; also Vania) is a Bulgarian-born solo violinist, recording artist and professor of music.
Early life and education
Milanova was born in Razgrad, Bulgaria. They were a child prodigy, having performed their first paid concert under the tutelage of Yordan Yordanov at the age of six. They studied at the Music School in Sofia and the State Music Academy in Sofia in the class of Peter Arnaudov, and later at the Guildhall School of Music in London, where they studied with pedagogue Yfrah Neaman.
Career
At an early stage in their career, Milanova won prizes at several of the major international violin competitions: Kocian Violin Competition (Grand Prix for the overall winner), Queen Elisabeth (10th prize; 1971), Paganini (3rd prize; 1973) and Tchaikovsky (joint 3rd prize; 1974).
They have played with orchestras in England, France, Italy, Turkey, Israel, Portugal, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, South America and South Africa. They have made frequent recordings with the BBC – London and Manchester, Norwegian Label Simax, Bulgarian National Radio and the Italian Label Real Sound, and has played at the Royal Festival Hall, Wigmore Hall, the Royal Albert Hall, the Barbican Centre and the Royal Opera House for the Edward Boyle Memorial Concert 1983, attended by Them Majesty the Queen in aid of the Edward Boyle Memorial Trust. They often are the soloist for fundraising events and recitals at the Square Chapel in the 1990s. They performed the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto to positive reviews at the Queen Elizabeth Hall with Hungarian concert pianist and conductor Tamas Vasary in 1982. They often performed with the pianist Jonathan Dunsby.
The Times, reviewing a concert in 1981, praise their 'jewel bright intonation'. Them beauty of tone is also mentioned in The Amadeus: Forty Years in Pictures and Words by Suzanne Rozsa-Lovett, and Beyond the Notes by Stephannie Williams, and their musicality is referenced in Dame Fanny Waterman's autobiography, My Life in Music. Milanova is featured on the front cover of The Strad magazine in January 1982.
 They are the first woman to record the entire 24 Paganini caprices, which they did for the Simax Label, Oslo, 1985.
They were violin professor at Bilkent University, Ankara, Turkey (from 2003). They led masterclasses (from 1991) at the Music Academy 'Prof Sasha Popov' during the International 'March Music Days' Festival in Ruse, Bulgaria. They were a jury member for the Tchaikovsky Competition in 1994.
Awards and honours
Milanova has been awarded 'Freedom of the City Award' in their native Bulgaria for their contribution to music, a Golden Feather Award from the Bulgarian Classic FM in 2001 and has been attributed with popularising classical music to a younger generation.  They are an honorary member of the Horowitz festival. Milanova has a permanent museum exhibition dedicated to them in Bulgaria as announced by the Bulgarian Telegraph Agency.
Personal life
Vanya Milanova was married to Paul de Keyser, the son of pianist and teacher, Dame Fanny Waterman.
References
1954 births
Living people
Bulgarian violinists
Women classical violinists
20th-century classical violinists
20th-century women musicians
Lipnica () is a village in the municipality of Čačak, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 556 people.
References
Populated places in Moravica District
Frank Secich (born June 14, 1951, in Sharon, PA) is an American rock musician, songwriter, author and record producer.
They were the bass player and founding member of the group Blue Ash from 1969 to 1979 and guitarist and bassist for the Stiv Bators band from 1979 until 1981. They played in the Cleveland-based group Club Wow with Jimmy Zero of the Dead Boys from 1982 to 1985 and produced the Ohio band the Infidels from 1985 to 1990.  They are currently the rhythm guitarist for the Deadbeat Poets who were formed in 2006 in Youngstown, Ohio. Frank Secich's autobiography "Circumstantial Evidence" was published by High Voltage Publishing of Australia in 2015.His current band, The Deadbeat Poets are on Pop Detective Records, which is owned by Mark Hershberger.
Discography
LP's and CD's
Blue Ash-No More, No Less-1973 Mercury LP SRM1-666
Blue Ash- Front Page News-1977 LP PZ 34918 U.S., Venezuela
Stiv Bators-Disconnected-1980 Bomp! LP 4015 U.S., Canada, Finland, Germany, Japan
Stiv Bators-The Lord And The New Creatures LP France 1983
Infidels-Mad About That Girl 1985 LP France Producer
Infidels-9:25 And Seven Seconds-1987 LP-Producer
Infidels-Wondrous Strange-1989-CD Producer
Stiv Bators-Stiv Bators/Night Of The Living Dead Boys-1989 Revenge 16/18 France
Dead Boys- Night Of The Living Dead Boys-Bonus Tracks-1994 Bomp!
Stiv Bators-L.A. L.A. 1994 Bomp! BCD 4046 U.S., Japan
Stiv Bators-Les Genies Du Rock (Sonic Reducer) 1994 Editions Atlas France
Blue Ash-Around Again-2CD(A Collection Of Rarities From The Vault)2004 Not Lame NL 093
Stiv Bators-Disconnected-25th Anniversary Edition-2004 Bomp! 4015-2
Stiv Bators- LA Confidential-2004 Bomp! BCD/LP 4089
Blue Ash -The Alternate Around Again-2007-Powerpop Lovers
Deadbeat Poets-Notes From The Underground 2007 Pop Detective CD U.S., Japan
Blue Ash-No More, No Less-2008 Collectors' Choice CD
Deadbeat Poets-Circustown-2010 CD Pop Detective
Deadbeat Poets-Youngstown Vortex Sutra (The British Version)CD-2011 Pop Detective
Deadbeat Poets-A Deadbeat Christmas-2011 CD Pop Detective
Deadbeat Poets-American Stroboscope-2012 CD Pop Detective
Deadbeat Poets -Hallelujah Anyway-2014 Lp/CD Pop Detective
Dead Boys -It's Cold Outside-2015 Double Live CD Time Bomb Records Japan
Blue Ash- Hearts & Arrows-2015 2 LP Set- You Are The Cosmos Spain
Deadbeat Poets-El Camino Real 101-2016 LP You Are The Cosmos Spain
Deadbeat Poets-Strange Tales From The Hussmann Building-2016 (Best Of 2007–2014) LP/CD Pop Detective Records
Blue Ash-15 Number Ones In A Perfect World-2016 CD- You Are The Cosmos Spain
Club Wow-Nowhere Fast-2016 CD/DVD-Zero Hour Records Australia
Singles and EP's
Blue Ash-Abracadabra (Have You Seen Her?) b/w Dusty Old Fairgrounds 1973
Blue Ash-I Remember A Time b/w Plain To See 1973
Blue Ash-Anytime At All b/w She's So Nice 1974
Blue Ash-Look At You Now b/w Singing And Dancing Away 1977
Blue Ash-You Are All I Need b/w Jazel Jane 1977
Stiv Bators-It's Cold Outside b/w The Last Year 1979 U.S., England, Germany
Stiv Bators-Not That Way Any more b/w Circumstantial Evidence 1980 U.S., Australia, Germany, Spain
Stiv Bators-Too Much To Dream b/w Make Up Your Mind 1981
Stiv Bators-Too Much To Dream-Newslines Vol. 1 EP 1981 Germany
Infidels-Mad About That Girl b/w A Thousand Years Ago 1985 Producer
Infidels-The Infidels X 4 EP 1986 Producer
Infidels-I Can't Make You Mine b/w Everywhere I Go 1987 Producer
Dead Boys-All The Way Down (Poison Lady) b/w The Nights Are So Long 1987 Producer
Infidels-Run Away From You Flexi-Disc Hartbeat! #8 Germany 1988 Producer
Infidels-Final Solution Flexi-Disc Hartbeat! #9 Germany 1989 Producer
Dead Boys-It's All Right b/w War Zone 2000
Deadbeat Poets-Johnny Sincere-Pop Detective Records 2013
Stiv Bators & David Quinton-Make Up Your Mind- Ugly Pop Records 041 2013 Bass Canada
Stiv Bators & Dead Boys-Last Stand 1980 EP- Ugly Pop Records 042 2013 Bass-Vocals Canada
Blue Ash 4 song 7" EP-You Are The Cosmos 2014 Spain
Deadbeat Poets Joe The Mynah Bird EP-2015 KOTJ 11 Spain
Deadbeat Poets It's Summertime b/w I'll Be Standing By-CD Single-Pop Detective Records CDEP 10 2016
Blue Ash Abracadabra (Have You Seen Her?) b/w Hippy, Hippy Shake-Get Hip Records Archive Series 7" vinyl 2016
Compilations
Stiv Bators-"It's Cold Outside" Rock Lines-Line LLP 5014 Germany 1979
Stiv Bators-"It's Cold Outside" Yesterday's Sound Today Line Records Germany 1979
Stiv Bators-"Circumstantial Evidence" & "I'll Be Alright" Where The Action Is!-Bomp! 1980
Stiv Bators-"It's Cold Outside" & "The Last Year" Romantics And Friends-Quark Catch 3 1980
Stiv Bators-"A Million Miles Away" Experiments In Destiny-Bomp! 4016 (2) 1980
Infidels-"You Should See Yourself" We Can Work It Out-GMG 75018 France 1987 Producer
Hard Luck & Kashmyre-"Love Only Me" & "47 Heaven" Scream Out Loud Vol. I 1987 Producer
Blue Ash-"Dusty Old Fairgrounds" The Songs Of Bob Dylan-Start 20 England 1989
Infidels-"Any Way You Want It" The Munster Dance Hall Favorites Vol. III- Munster 003 Spain 1990 Producer
Blue Ash-"Dusty Old Fairgrounds" I Shall Be Unreleased: The Songs Of Bob Dylan - Rhino 70518 1991
Stiv Bators-"Boxed Set Of 5 Singles" I Wanna Be A Dead Boy- Munster 7029 Spain 1992
Stiv Bators-"The Last Year" Destination Bomp!-Bomp! 4048 1994
Stiv Bators -"It's Cold Outside" Revenge Records France 1995
Stiv Bators-"Make Up Your Mind" The Roots Of Powerpop-Bomp! 1996
Blue Ash-"Abracadabra (Have You Seen Her?)" POPTOPIA! Power Pop Classics Of The '70's - Rhino 72728 1997 U.S., Japan
Blue Ash-"Abracadabra (Have You Seen Her?)" 100% Fun-A Power Pop Collection -Hiro 1001 Japan 1997
Stiv Bators-"It's Cold Outside" Powerpearls Vol. 6 1999
Blue Ash-"Anytime At All" + 3 The History Of Powerpop Vol. 1 Cleveland 2000
Infidels-"A Thousand Years Ago" Shake Some Action Vol. 2 SSA Records Spain 2001 Producer
Stiv Bators-"Not That Way Anymore" Teenline # 7 Hyped-2-Death Records 2001
Stiv Bators-"I'll Be Alright" Teenline #8 Hyped-2-Death Records 2003
Blue Ash-"Pleasant Dreams" International Pop Overthrow Vol. 7 - Not Lame NL 101 2004
Blue Ash-"Say Goodbye" & "She Cried For 15 Years" Planet Of The Popboomerang 2 Australia 2005
Infidels-"Mad About That Girl" Home Runs Vol. 3 Sounds Asleep Records Sweden 2005 Producer
Stiv Bators-"The Last Year" Home Runs Vol. 3 Sounds Asleep Records Sweden 2005
Dukes Of Earl- " Him Or Me" They Put The Bomp! In The Bomp A Tribute To Greg Shaw Bomp/ Vivid Sound Records U.S.,Japan 2007 Producer/Artist
Deadbeat Poets "Ernest T" Unsigned, Sealed & Delivered-Frontline Records-2007 Canada
Blue Ash "Here We Go Again" The Blog Gems Vol. 6 1973-86-Powerpop Lovers-2007 CD
Deadbeat Poets "People These Days" IPO Vol. 13 Not Lame 2010
Deadbeat Poets "The Truth About Flying Saucers" Power Pop Prime Vol. 7 2011
Blue Ash "The Boy Won't Listen" Power Pop Prime Vol. 2 2012
Blue Ash "Abracadabra" Glam-O-Rama Vol. 3 2015 UK
Deadbeat Poets "She's With Me" Unsigned, Sealed and Delivered No. 9 CD 3101 Bullseye Records 2016 Canada
Deadbeat Poets "I'll Be Standing By" Twelve String High (2LP & CD) You Are The Cosmos 2016 Spain
Deadbeat Poets "Joe The Mynah Bird" Godless America-2017-Cassette Only Release
Stiv Bators, Deadbeat Poets (No Compromise, No Regrets) Soundtrack 2019-A Million Miles Away. You Don't Go Away, The Stiv Bators Ghost Tour, Evil Boy. The Psychedelic Gas Station
Deadbeat Poets (Tribute To Sonny Vincent) 2019-"It's Summertime"
Deadbeat Poets"Riding The Dog" Rolling Stone: Life & Death Of Brian Jones (Original Soundtrack) MVD 2020
Blue Ash "It's All In Your Mind" Peppermint Productions LP "Rat Race" 2022
Deadbeat Poets "Sunglass City" Nightclubbing (The Birth Of Punk Rock In New York City) MVD (Original Soundtrack) 2022
Songs Recorded By Other Artists
A Million Miles Away (Secich)-Michael Monroe-Finland, Japan
A Million Miles Away (Secich)-Simon Chainsaw & The Forgotten Boys-Brazil
A Million Miles Away (Secich) - Gonzo Sombrero - Finland
A Thousand Years Ago (Drivere-Secich)-The Infidels-U.S., France, Spain
Abracadabra (Have You Seen Her?) (Secich-Bartolin)-The Records-U.S., England, Greece, New Zealand, Japan
Crime In The Streets (Cabaniss-Quinton-Secich) The Pop Machine
Don't Go Away (Zero-Secich) Stiv Bators France
Everywhere I Go (Secich)-Infidels
Everywhere I Go (Secich)-Billy Sullivan
Evil Boy (Zero-Secich)-Stiv Bators & The Evil Boys-Germany
Evil Boy (Zero-Secich)-Lucky Sperm Club
Evil Boy as "I'm An Evil Bear"(Zero-Secich) Three Speeds
I Wanna Forget You (Just The Way You Are)-(Secich-Bators)-Adam Bomb (Music)-U.S., England
I Wanna Forget You (Just The Way You Are)-(Secich-Bators)- Sybil
I'll Be Alright (Secich-Bators) Hundred Million Martians-Finland
The Last Year (Secich-Bators)-The Monotors-Spain
The Last Year (Secich-Bators)-Palmflower
The Last Year (Secich-Bators)-Riger János-Hungary
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) Bad Luck Charms
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators)-Road Vultures
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) The Tragic Zeroes
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) Starpower
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) Unko Atama
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) Nikki Sudden-England
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) Stiletto Boys
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) Billie Joe Armstrong-No Fun Mondays
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) Luv Bites-Brazil
Not That Way Any more (Secich-Bators) RoadBump-Netherlands
The Girl Downstairs (Sullivan-Secich-Zero)-Billy Sullivan
The Stiv Bators Ghost Tour (Secich)-Room Full Of Strangers
Tonight's My Lucky Night (Secich-Bartolin)-Finkers-Australia, Japan
You Don't Go Away (Zero-Secich)-Vibeke Saugestad-Norway
You Don't Go Away (Zero-Secich)-Alpha Kitty
Music Videos
Who's Hieronymus Bosch & Why Are They Saying These Terrible Things About Me?-Deadbeat Poets2012
Johnny Sincere-Deadbeat Poets- Pop Detective Records 2013
Life In The War Zone-There's A Fire-Live At Cleveland Agora Club Wow DVD-Zero Hour Records 2016- Australia
I'll Be Standing By-Deadbeat Poets Pop Detective Records 2016
It's Summertime-Deadbeat Poets Pop Detective Records 2016
Music In Films
D.O.A.: A Rite of Passage
Smother 2007 Official Trailer- Blue Ash-Can't Get Them Off My Mind
Return Of The Living Dead Boys-2008- Bonus feature Interview Frank Secich and Stiv Bators
The Greenman 2011- directed by Joe Shelby-The Goody Wagon- The Green Man- Where Was I When I Needed Me?- Deadbeat Poets
Made In Cleveland 2013- No Island Like The Mind, No Ship Like Beer-Deadbeat Poets
Stiv (No Compromise, No Regrets) 2019- directed by Danny Garcia-A Million Miles Away. You Don't Go Away, The Stiv Bators Ghost Tour, Evil Boy. The Psychedelic Gas Station
Stiv (No Compromise, No Regrets) 2019- official film trailer-Evil Boy
Stiv Bators 2019 Soundtrack (No Compromise, No Regrets)-The Stiv Bators Ghost Tour, Evil Boy, The Psychedelic Gas Station, You Don't Go Away
Rolling Stone: Life and Death of Brian Jones 2020-Riding The Dog
Nightclubbing-The Birth of Punk Rock In NYC 2022-Sunglass City, Film clip of Frank Secich and Stiv Bators
Bibliography
Circumstantial Evidence 2015 Frank Secich Autobiography High Voltage Australia
External links
Discogs
Pop Detective Records
Stiv-Bators
All Music Guide
1951 births
Living people
People from Sharon, Pennsylvania
Musicians from Ohio
Vladimir Lazović (; born 1954 in Belgrad) is Serbian science fiction and fantasy writer.
They have been writing fiction since their twenties, in a variety of genres: their works range over alternate history, Slavic-mythology based fantasy, and cyberpunk.
Bibliography
Hrim, the warrior (Hrim, ratnik), a novel, (under pen-name Valdemar Lejzi), X–100 SF, Dnevnik, Novi Sad, 1987.
Noted anthologies and collections:
Kiberpank, Sirius, Zagreb
Tamni vilajet 1, Beograd, edited by Boban Knežević, Znak Sagite, Beograd, 1987.
Tamni vilajet 1a, Beograd, edited by Boban Knežević, Znak Sagite, Beograd, 1987.
Tamni vilajet 2, edited by Boban Knežević, Znak Sagite, Beograd, 1992.
Tamni vilajet 3, edited by Boban Knežević, Znak Sagite, Beograd, 1993.
Tamni vilajet 4, edited by Boban Knežević, Znak Sagite, Beograd, 1996.
Nova srpska fantastika, edited by Boban Knežević & Sava Damjanov, SIC, Beograd, 1994.
Monolit 8, edited by Boban Knežević, Znak Sagite, Beograd.
Domaća post(žanrovska) fantastika na početku veka u Orbis, Kanjiža, edited by Ilija Bakić
Domaća (post)žanrovska fantastika s kraja 90-ih u Orbis, Kanjiža, edited by Ilija Bakić
Domaće fantastičke priče u Naš trag, Velika Plana, edited by Ilija Bakić
Tamna zvezda, Presing, Niš, edited by Dejan Ognjanović, Niš, 2005.
Ugriz strasti (priče erotske fantastike), edited by Pavle Zelić, SFFC „Lazar Komarčić“, 2007.
Awards
„Lazar Komarčić“ award for best novella in 1987. („Sokolar“)
„Sfera“ for best novella in 1987. („Sokolar“)
„Lazar Komarčić“ award for best novella in 1994. („Preko duge“)
„Lazar Komarčić“ award for best novella in 2003. („Beli vitez“), with Vladimir Vesović
External links
[www.lazarkomarcic.org/ "Društvo ljubitelja fantastike „Lazar Komarčić“]
Serbian science fiction writers
Serbian male short story writers
Serbian short story writers
Serbian novelists
1954 births
Serbian alternate history writers
Living people
Writers from Belgrade
Cyberpunk writers
Serbian fantasy writers
Horror writers
20th-century Serbian novelists
20th-century short story writers
20th-century male writers
Sylvia Bambala Chalikosa (born 29 March 1964) is a Zambian politician, a member of the Patriotic Front.  They are the Member of Parliament for Mpika Central constituency and they are currently the Minister of Works and Supply.
Career
Chalikosa worked as an accountant at SawPower Company Limited. On August 11, 2016, they were elected as the Patriotic Front (PF) candidate to contest for a seat in the National Assembly of Zambia and represent the constituency Mpika Central. After being a member of the National Security Committee and Foreign Affairs Committee of the National Assembly, they were appointed by President Edgar Lungu to their cabinet in October 2016 and took over the post of Minister for Vice President Inonge Wina. In 2019, they were transferred by president Edgar Chagwa Lungu to the office of the Ministry of Works and Supply.
References
1964 births
Living people
Patriotic Front (Zambia) politicians
Women government ministers of Zambia
Zambian politicians
Thibault Jacquot-Paratte is an Acadian writer and musician, born in Kentville, Nova Scotia, of Franco-Swiss parentage. They write both in French and English.
Biography
Raised in the minority Francophone community of the Annapolis Valley, Nova Scotia, Thibault Jacquot-Paratte started performing songs and reading publicly as a teenager. During that time, they were also active with different local organizations, among which the provincial youth council (Conseil Jeunesse Provincial), which in 2010 invited them as their official poet during the annual assembly of the Acadian Federation of Nova Scotia. They notably organized, along with LGBTQ+ activist Charles MacDougall, bi-monthly French-language poetry readings at Greenwood's Tan Café during the years 2010–2011, as well as free performances in Stronach Park, in Kingston, NS. In 2011, they received the Frog prize at the Frogstock music competition in Pomquet, NS, and was chosen as a representative of the francophone community at the 2011 International day for the elimination of racism, broadcast live from the Mi'Kmaw Native Friendship Center, in Halifax. During this time, they also played with different bands, such as Zenass, and frequently shared the stage with composer Gavin Fraser and recording artist Jonah Richard Guimond.
After an intership at the Fondation AfricAvenir international / Exchange and dialogue in Bonabéri, Cameroon, and extensive travelling, they were admitted to study Scandinavian studies at the Sorbonne. In 2012 they were invited by the feminist journal Le Pan Poétique des Muses to participate to a public reading at the University of Paris III, as part of the Printemps des poètes (“Poets spring” – an annual event across France). They were also able to participate in the Greek theatre troupe Démodocos.
After completing their bachelor's in 2015, they received a CIMO scholarship to follow a summer program at the University of Vaasa. They studied for a year at the Arctic University in Tromsø, and received another scholarship to study in a summer program at the Askov Folkehøjskole, before returning to Paris in order to complete their master's (2017).
During the winter of 2016–2017, their first three plays were published in French. In the all of 2017, they received another scholarship to complete a Fall semester at the Askov Folkehøjskole, where they completed a student film, Tallinn, hvor smuk du er with Augustė Jasiulytė.
After returning to Canada, they worked as coordinator for Oui 98.5 FM in Halifax, where they also hosted the show Les blues du lundi (“The Monday blues”) under the assumed name Vieux bluesman John MacMachin Graisse-de-bine.
In the spring of 2019, they were a semi-finalist in the Caraquet song contest, and a finalist at the Scène Stella song contest in Nova Scotia. In the summer of 2019, they were selected by the National Acadian society to be Pavilion Poet at the 2019 Acadian World Congress. Later in 2019, they were hired by the Théâtre DesAssimilés to direct and translate their own play, Les mangeurs d'ail (The garlic eaters) in a bilingual (French-English) premier.
In the fall of 2020, their poetry collection Cries of somewhere's soil was released, and stimulated mediatic discussions about English-language Acadian literature. This was followed by a miscellaneous containing poetry and short prose, Souvenirs et Fragments in 2022. Their novel A dream is a notion of, which had reportedly already been circulating through unofficial distributors, was also published in 2022. In 2022 they co-directed Il y a des bombes qui tombent sur Kyiv, anthologie pour la paix with photographer Charlotte Lakits, a charity anthology to raise funds for Ukraine and Ukrainian refugees, as a result of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Works
Books
A dream is a notion of, Novel, Cyberwit, Allahabad, India, May 2022
Souvenirs et Fragments, Miscellaneous, Éditions Édilivre, Paris, France, April 2022
Cries of somewhere's soil, Poetry, Cyberwit, Allahabad, India, September 2020
Chlorophyllisme, Drama, éditions Édilivre, Paris, France, January 2017.
Les mangeurs d'ail, Drama, éditions Édilivre, Paris, France, January 2017.
La dérivée de pâques, Drama, éditions Édilivre, Paris, France, December 2016.
In anthologies
Poetry in : Il y a des bombes qui tombent sur Kyiv, anthologie pour la paix, Éditions Lisvrai, Grafton NS., Canada, May 2022
Poetry in: Behold, Polar Expressions Publishing, Maple Ridge, BC, Canada, December 2021
Short story: Sketches of a city in the sumertime Pt. 1, in: In the mist, Polar Expressions Publishing, Maple Ridge, BC, Canada, December 2021
Short story: Le smog, in: Des plumes à l'action : justice climatique, anthology published by Oxfam-Ul, Montreal, QC, Canada, November 2021
Poems in: Galaxy, anthology of contemporary poetry, Edizioni Universum, Trento, Italy, August 2021
Short story: On s'est croisés dans la rue, in : Textes noirs, supplément à l'anthologie Poulpe Noir, Association Campus Miskatonic, Verdun, France, July 2021
Short story: L'Odalme, in: Solstice d'été : nouvelles fantastiques, Éditions inusitées, Lévi, Qc., Canada, May 2021
Poems in: Dialoguer en poésie : recueil 2021, Association Dialoguer en poésie / Le 122, Lectoure, France, May 2021
Three short stories in: Résonances/3, Jacques Flament éditions, collection Carré noir, La-Neuville-aux-joûtes, France, April 2021
Poems in: Open Heart Forgery 10th anniversary anthology, Open Heart Forgery, Halifax, NS., Canada, March 2020
Short story: We smoked salvia, in : Moose House Stories Vol. 1, Moose House Press, Annapolis Royal, Ns., Dec. 2019
Three short stories in: BREF!, Éditions du Blé, Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, autumn 2017
Poems in: Cities of gold, young Canadian poets anthology, Polar expressions publishing, Maple Ridge, BC, Canada, Spring 2011
In journals/reviews
Instant, in : Pro/p(r)ose magazine, Metz, France, June 2022
Poems from Poèmes de faim de vie, in : Le Pan Poétique des Muses | Revue féministe, internationale & multilingue de poésie entre théories & pratiques : « L'éphémère aux féminin, masculin & autre », Recueil collectif des périodiques féministes de l'association SIÉFÉGP, April 2022
Poem : Ma fille va dominer le monde, in : Le Pan poétique des muses|Revue féministe, internationale & multilingue de poésie entre théories & pratiques : Évènement poéféministe|« Un Pan de Poèmes pour Toutes à l'École & La Journée Internationale des Droits des Filles 2021 » N° 10, Autumn 2021
Poem: Thrown out of Peace and Friendship, The Nova Scotia Advocate, Halifax, Ns., 18 September 2021
Poetry: Excerpts from Poèmes de faim de vie and Douze chants hérétiques, in : Le Pan poétique des muses | Revue féministe, internationale & multilingue de poésie entre théories & pratiques : Lettre n°16, August 2021
Poem : Jeté hors de peace and friendship, Le Courrier de la Nouvelle-Écosse, Pointe-de-l'Église, NS., Canada, August 27, 2021
Poems in : Pro/p(r)ose numéro thémathique Je(ux), Pro/p(r)ose magazine, Metz, France, July 2021
Poem: À la lueur des flambeaux, Le Pan poétique des muses|Revue féministe, internationale & multilingue de poésie entre théories & pratiques : Événement poétique|Le Printemps des Poètes « Les femmes et le désir en poésie »
Short story: Lucien, published by: Associazione Culturale Matera : Energheia, Italy December 2019
Short story: Tatouages temporaires, in: Revue Ancrage, No.19, winter 2019, Moncton, NB, Canada
Poems in Open Heart Forgery, April 2017, Halifax, NS., Canada
Short story: Le car touristique, in: Revue Ancrage No.13, summer 2017, Moncton, NB, Canada
Poem in: Échos, Revue Ancrage, April 2017, Moncton, NB, Canada
Poem in: Une ville un livre, partie 2, Revue Ancrage, August 2016, Moncton, NB, Canada
Poems in: Artichaut magazine no. 6 Hybrides, Montreal, May 2016
Poems in Open Heart Forgery, March 2016, Halifax, NS., Canada
Poèmes engagés, in: Le Pan poétique des muses|Revue internationale de poésie entre théories & pratiques : « Le printemps féminin de la poésie », Hors-Série n°1, May 2013
Poems in: Estuary 13.2, Spring 2012, Wolfville, NS., Canada
Academic/critical work
Literary critique: Trésors retrouvés de notre littérature : La dernière ligne droite de Vittorio Frigerio, Revue Astheure, November 2021
Literary critique: Trésors retrouvés de notre littérature : La poetrie de l'écrivante de Julie Aubé, Revue Astheure, October 2021
Literary critique: Trésors retrouvés de notre littérature : Mon théâtre de Jules Boudreau, Revue Astheure, October 2021
Literary critique: Memoriam, quelques notes sur les débuts littéraires de Michel Picard, club de lecture d'un océan à l'autre, Regroupement des éditeurs Franco-Canadiens (REFC), May 2021
Regards critiques : observations brèves sur la relève littéraire en Acadie, in : Cahier colloque, Les médias Francophones sous toutes leurs coutures, un an après, Sainte-Anne University/Le Courrier de la Nouvelle-Écosse, October 2020
Gabija Enciūtė : poète et activiste lituanienne : Le Pan poétique des muses|Revue féministe, internationale & multilingue de poésie entre théories & pratiques : Megalesia 2020,July 2020
Second year master's thesis : Movements for and against the legalization of cannabis in Norway between 2000 and 2016, with focus on northern Norway (in French), presented at the university of Paris IV Sorbonne, June 2017
First year master's thesis : Folklore and young Norwegians, presented the university of Paris IV Sorbonne, June 2016
Participation: Visions d'avenir : manifeste du volet politique du grand rassemblement jeunesse 2014 (“Visions for the future: political manifesto of the political component of the 2014 grand youth rally”), collective pamphlet, published by the New Brunswick Youth Federation (FJFNB), September 2014.
Theater critique : La barque le soir (Théâtre de l'Odéon, directed by Claude Régis), Service Culturel Paris-Sorbonne, October 2012
Canadian interactions during the Crimean war, 1853 - 1856 (in French), in: Canadian notes, revue of the faculty of Canadian studies, Volgograd University, Volgograd, Russia, Spring 2010
Recordings
Album photo (2018)
More acoustic demos (2018)
« Tallinn hvor smuk du er » Original soundtrack (2017)
Musique originale du film La culbute de Sainte Agathe (2015)
Cheaply recorded acoustic demos (2014)
Good times with David and Thibs (with David Litalien - 2013)
Progressions autrement (2012)
De fuck que c'est sa? (2012)
References
1993 births
Living people
Acadian people
Canadian people of Swiss descent
Writers from Nova Scotia
People from Kings County, Nova Scotia
Canadian dramatists and playwrights in French
Canadian male dramatists and playwrights
French male dramatists and playwrights
21st-century French male writers
21st-century Canadian male writers
21st-century Canadian novelists
21st-century French novelists
Canadian male non-fiction writers
French male non-fiction writers
French male poets
Canadian male poets
Canadian poets in French
Canadian expatriates in France
University of Paris alumni
Atheist writers
Canadian literary critics
French literary critics
Male feminists
Feminist writers
Miss California may refer to:
Miss California
Miss California USA
Miss California Teen USA
"Miss California" (song), 2001 song by Dante Thomas featuring Pras
"Mrs. California", an episode of the American TV series The Office
Mujhe Chand Chahiye (Urdu: مجھے چاند چاہیے) is a 2000 Pakistani Urdu-language romantic film which was released in March 2000. The film was Shaan's second directorial venture and was a huge success at the box office.
The film's cast included Noor Bukhari, Moammar Rana, Atiqa Odho, Javed Sheikh and Reema. The movie's story revolved around the life of a divorced woman (Atiqa Odho) and their musician son (Shaan) who falls in love with a model (Noor).
Story summary
Mujhe Chand Chahiye is a romantic lighthearted comedy. Razi (Javed Sheikh) secretly marries a second wife Phool. Maima (Atiqa Odho), their first wife, splits up with them when they discover it, and soon afterwards Maima leaves for Hong Kong, along with their young son, without informing their husband Razi. Years go by and Maima now has raised this son, Zain (Shaan Shahid) in Hong Kong, who falls in love with a visiting Pakistani model Chand (Noor Bukhari). They arrive in Pakistan and manages to secure a job as Chand's music teacher. Chand happens to be Razi's daughter with their second wife Phool. Imran (Moammar Rana) is also in love with Chand because they are one of their college friends.
Cast
Shaan as Zain
Noor as Chand
Moammar Rana as Imran
Reema as Zameen
Javed Sheikh as Razi
Atiqa Odho as Maima
Ismail Tara
Music
Sajjad Ali and their brother Raunaq Ali arranged music for the film and won Nigar Awards for it. Some of this film's better-known tracks include "Kal Shab Main Ne Dekha Chand Jharoke Mein" by Waris Baig, "Tujhey Dekha Tau Yoon Laga", "Jaan Bhi De Doon" and the sensational Punjabi track by Abrar-ul-Haq "Waan Kuttiya". The film's music was composed by the Pakistani pop singer Sajjad Ali.
Box office
The film completed 51 weeks at the main theater and thus crowned as a golden jubilee hit.
Awards
References
2000 films
2000s Urdu-language films
Pakistani romance films
Films directed by Shaan Shahid
Films scored by Sajjad Ali
John Rackham (26 December 168218 November 1720), commonly known as Calico Jack, was an English pirate captain operating in the Bahamas and in Cuba during the early 18th century. Their nickname was derived from the calico clothing that they wore, while Jack is a nickname for "John".
Rackham was active towards the end (1718–1720) of the "Golden Age of Piracy".  They are most remembered for having two female crew members: Mary Read and their lover, Anne Bonny.
Rackham deposed Charles Vane from their position as captain of the sloop Ranger, then cruised the Leeward Islands, Jamaica Channel and Windward Passage. They accepted the King's Pardon in 1719 and moved to New Providence, where they met Anne Bonny, who was married to James Bonny at the time. They returned to piracy in 1720 by stealing a British sloop and Anne joined him. Their new crew included Mary Read, who was disguised as a man at the time. After a short run, Rackham was captured by Jonathan Barnet, an English privateer, in 1720, put on trial by Sir Nicholas Lawes, Governor of Jamaica, and hanged in November of that year in Port Royal, Jamaica.
Early life and career
Little is known of Rackham's upbringing or early life, except that they were English and born around 1682. The first record of them is as quartermaster on Charles Vane's brigantine Ranger in 1718, operating out of New Providence island in the Bahamas, which was a notorious base for pirates known as the "Pirates' republic". Vane and their crew robbed several ships outside New York City, then encountered a large French man-of-war. The ship was at least twice as large as Vane's brigantine, and it immediately pursued them. Vane commanded a retreat from battle, claiming caution as their reason. Jack Rackham quickly spoke up and contested the decision, suggesting that they fight the man-of-war because it would have plenty of riches. In addition, they argued, if they captured the ship, it would place a much larger ship at their disposal. Of the approximately ninety-one men on the ship, only fifteen supported Vane in their decision. Vane declared that the captain's decision is considered final and despite the overwhelming support for Rackham's cry to fight they fled the man-of-war.
On 24 November 1718, Rackham called a vote in which the men branded Vane a coward and removed them from the captaincy, making Calico Jack the next captain. Rackham gave Vane and their fifteen supporters the other ship in the fleet, along with a decent supply of ammunition and goods.
Captain Rackham
Rackham made a career of plundering small vessels close to shore once they became captain. They and their crew captured the Kingston, a small Jamaican vessel, and made it their flagship. They made several conquests in the West Indies, taking a couple of large ships off Bermuda.
In 1719, Rackham sailed into Nassau in the Bahamas, taking advantage of a general amnesty for pirates to obtain a royal pardon and commission from Governor Woodes Rogers. Rogers had been sent to the Bahamas to address the problem of pirates in the Caribbean who had started to attack and steal from British ships.
In December, they captured the merchant ship Kingston. The Kingston had a rich cargo, and promised to be a big score for Rackham and their crew. Unfortunately for him, the Kingston had been taken within sight of Port Royal, where outraged merchants outfitted bounty hunters to go after him. They caught up with them in February 1719, while their ship and the Kingston were anchored at Isla de los Pinos off Cuba. Rackham and most of their men were on shore at the time, escaping capture by hiding in the woods, but their ship and rich trophy were taken away.
Captain Charles Johnson describes how Rackham stole a sloop in their seminal 1724 book A General History of the Robberies and Murders of the most notorious Pyrates. Rackham and their men were at a town in Cuba refitting their small sloop when a Spanish warship charged with patrolling the Cuban coast entered the harbour, along with a small English sloop which they had captured. The Spanish warship saw the pirates but could not get at them at low tide, so they anchored in the harbour entrance to wait for morning. That night, Rackham and their men rowed over to the captured English sloop and overpowered the Spanish guards there. As dawn broke, the warship began blasting Rackham's old ship, now empty, as Rackham and their men silently sailed past in their new prize.
Rackham and their men made their way back to Nassau, where they appeared before Governor Rogers and asked for the royal pardon, claiming that Vane had forced them to become pirates. Rogers hated Vane and chose to believe them, granting them the pardon and allowing them to stay. Their time as honest men, however, did not last long.
Anne Bonny
While in port, Rackham began an affair with Anne Bonny, wife of sailor James Bonny, who was employed by Governor Rogers. James Bonny learned about the relationship and brought Anne to Governor Rogers, who ordered them whipped on charges of adultery. Rackham offered to buy Anne in a "divorce by purchase", because they loved her, but their husband sternly refused. This caused Anne to flee Nassau and run away with Rackham. The pair (with a new crew) escaped to sea together, voiding Rackham's pardon, by stealing a sloop belonging to John Ham. They sailed the Caribbean for two months, taking over other pirate ships. Rackham would often invite the crew of ships that they attacked to join their own. Anne became pregnant and went home to Cuba to have the child.
Capture, trial and death
In September 1720, Bahamian Governor Woodes Rogers issued a proclamation declaring Rackham and their crew pirates—although it was not published until October 1720. After publication of the warrant, pirate hunter Jonathan Barnet and former pirate Jean Bonadvis started in pursuit of Rackham, who was cruising near Jamaica capturing numerous small fishing vessels and terrorizing fishermen along the northern Jamaican coastline.
Rackham and their crew had been sailing west, towards Negril. On or around October 31, 1720 Rackham's sloop was laid at anchor and fired a gun which caught the attention of Jean Bonadvis' sloop. Bonadvis reported this to Barnet who sailed to investigate the sloop. At 10 PM Barnet called out to the sloop and inquired who they were. The reply was "John Rackham from Cuba" and Barnet immediately ordered them to strike their colors. Someone (Barnet testified that because of it being so dark they could not identify who) replied that they would not surrender and fired a swivel gun at Barnet's sloop. Barnet ordered a broadside which destroyed the boom on Rackham's ship and their crew called for quarter.
Barnet had the men put ashore at Davis's Cove near Lucea, Jamaica, where Major Richard James, a militia officer, placed them under arrest. Rackham and their crew were brought to Spanish Town, Jamaica, in November 1720, where they were tried and convicted of piracy and sentenced to be hanged.
Rackham was executed in Port Royal on 18 November 1720, their body then gibbeted on display on a very small islet at a main entrance to Port Royal now known as Rackham's Cay.
Fate of their crew
Anne Bonny and Mary Read both claimed to be pregnant at their trials, ten days after Rackham's execution, and so were given a temporary stay, and imprisoned at Fort Charles until the claim was proven. Read died in their cell in April 1721, most likely of fever related to childbirth. There is no historical record of Bonny's release or of their execution.
George Fetherston (Master), Richard Corner (Quarter-Master), John Davis, and John Howell were executed along with Jack Rackham in Port Royal. Patrick Carty, Thomas Earl, James Dobbin and Noah Harwood were executed the next day in Kingston.
The day after Rackham's trial, former crew members John "Old Dad the Cooper" Fenwick (alias "Fenis") and Thomas Bourn (alias Brown) were separately tried and convicted for mutinies committed in mid-June 1720 off Hispaniola.
Nine men who had been caught drinking with Rackham's crew (John Eaton, Edward Warner, Thomas Baker, Thomas Quick, John Cole, Benjamin Palmer, Walter Rouse, John Hanson, and John Howard) were tried and convicted on 24 January 1721. On 17 February John Eaton, Thomas Quick and Thomas Baker were executed at Gallows Point, at Port Royal, and the next day John Cole, John Howard and Benjamin Palmer, were executed at Kingston. The fate of the remaining three is unknown.
Jolly Roger flag
The flag commonly associated with Rackham depicts a white skull above crossed swords on a black background, and Rackham is sometimes credited with inventing or designing the Jolly Roger design. At trial, however, no witness described Rackham ever using such a flag, only noting that their sloop flew "a white pendant" (pennon). The skull-and-crossed-swords design likely dates to the early 20th century, and attaching it to Calico Jack can be traced to a 1959 book by Hans Leip.
In popular culture
Jack Rackham is featured in the 2013 video game Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag as a side character and minor antagonist who betrays Charles Vane and protagonist Edward Kenway by staging a mutiny after they capture a slave ship, leaving both of them stranded on a nearby island.  They are later captured alongside Anne Bonnie and Mary Read, imprisoned, and eventually hanged. Kenway can find and interact with Rackham's skeleton during a mission, revealing that despite their actions, they still considered Rackham a friend.
Jack Rackham is one of the major characters in the 2014 Starz television series Black Sails, portrayed by Toby Schmitz.
Jack Rackham appears with Bonny and Read in the Audible serial podcast Hell Cats, by Carina Rodney.
Jack is one of nine historical pirates to appear as enemies in Sid Meier's Pirates!
The German heavy metal band Running Wild released a song named "Calico Jack" on their 1988 album Port Royal.
In the Octonauts stories and television series, Kwazii's grandfather is named Calico Jack.
The pirate Red Rackham (in the Tintin story "Red Rackham's Treasure") is likely named after John Rackham.
In the manga One Piece, the character Calico Yorki is named after Calico Jack.
In Our Flag Means Death, Calico Jack (played by Will Arnett) shows up as an old friend and ex-lover of Blackbeard's in episode 8.
Notes
References
Further reading
Nelson, James L. (2004) A Short Life and A Merry One. Ithaca NY: McBooks.
The entire trial transcript is available in the book The Pirate Trial of Anne Bonny and Mary Read by Tamara J. Eastman and Constance Bond
Johnson, Captain Charles, A General History of the Pyrates: From their first rise and settlement in the island of Providence, to the present time. London: T. Warner. First published in 1724, with the second volume published 1728, both later attributed to Daniel Defoe. Note that the General History's details of the capture of the merchant ship Neptune by Charles Vane in September 1718 conflict with the court records of both Charles Vane and Robert Deal, their quartermaster.
The Tryals of Captain John Rackam and Other Pirates, 1721, by Robert Baldwin, in The Colonial Office Records in The Public Records Office at Kew, (ref: CO 137/14f.9). This details the trials of Jack Rackam, Mary Read, Anne Bonny, and Charles Vane.
1682 births
1720 deaths
17th-century English people
18th-century English people
18th-century pirates
British pirates
English folklore
Pardoned pirates
Quartermasters
Executed English people
People executed for piracy
People executed by the Kingdom of Great Britain
People executed by the Colony of Jamaica by hanging
Burials at sea
Microblade may refer to:
Microblade technology for the creation and use of small stone blades
Microblading, a tattooing technique
Forever Yours is a studio album by American country music artist Dottie West. It was released in October 1970 on RCA Victor Records and was produced by Jerry Bradley. The album was West's fifteenth studio recording issued in their music career. It was also their second studio record released in 1970. The album contained ten tracks, notably the title track, which became a top forty hit single in 1970. The album would also reach peak positions on national music charts.
Background and content
Forever Yours was recorded in July 1970 in Nashville, Tennessee at RCA Studio B. The sessions were produced by Jerry Bradley. It was West's first studio project recorded with Bradley. In previous experiences, they had worked alongside Danny Davis and Chet Atkins. For the project, West also wrote the album's liner notes. "I love to sing, love to sing to you, and my songs will be," they said in dedication to the fans. Forever Yours was a collection of ten tracks. Three of the album's songs were composed by West herself. Both "Special Memory" and "Cancel Tomorrow" were co-written with songwriter Red Lane. "The Cold Hand of Fate" was penned entirely by West. Cover versions of songs first recorded by other artists were included for the album as well. Songs West covered for the album included "Rocky Top" by The Osborne Brothers, "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head" by B.J. Thomas and "I Never Once Stopped Loving You" by Connie Smith.
Release and reception
Forever Yours was released in October 1970 on RCA Victor Records, becoming their fifteenth studio album released during their career. It was issued as a vinyl LP, containing five songs on each side of the record. Forever Yours spent a total of four weeks on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart before peaking at number 40 in November 1970.
The only single spawned from the album was the title track, also released in October 1970. Spending a total of 12 weeks on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart, the song reached number 21 by December. It became West's highest-charting solo single since 1968. Following its release, Forever Yours was reviewed by Billboard in their October 1970 issue. Reviewers praised the album's simple arrangements and West's own songwriting on the album's three tracks. "Miss West's simplicity and gentleness is just right for their latest collection of songs, many of which they penned herself," writers commented.
Track listing
Personnel
All credits are adapted from the liner notes of Forever Yours.
Musical personnel
Harold Bradley – guitar
Pete Drake – steel guitar
Ray Edenton – guitar
Buddy Harman – drums
The Jordanaires – background vocals
Millie Kirkham – background vocals
Grady Martin – guitar
Charlie McCoy – harmonica, vibes
Ferrell Morris – percussion
Bob Moore – bass
Hargus "Pig" Robbins – piano
Bobby Thompson – banjo
Bill West – steel guitar
Dottie West – lead vocals
Technical personnel
Jerry Bradley – producer
Al Pachucki – engineering
Bob Patrick – photography
Roy Shockley – engineering
Chart performance
Release history
References
External links
LP Discography entry for Forever Yours
1970 albums
Albums produced by Jerry Bradley (music executive)
Dottie West albums
RCA Records albums
Anna Currence was CEO of Kitchen Bazaar from 1993 to 1995, before they were recruited to the President and COO spot at ailing Crown Books in 1997. They assumed Crown's CEO position on January 12, 1998. They were instrumental in the bankruptcy-emergence of the book retailer, though they left Crown in October 1998, just 1 month before it emerged from Chapter 11. After Crown Books, Ms Currence became an executive recruiter with Chicago-based Brooke Chase Associates Inc.
Previous to their executive positions, Currence worked for Barnes & Noble from 1973 to 1990, playing an instrumental role in their move from small-format stores to the superstore concept.
References
Additional Sources
Crown Books - Employment Agreement Re: Anna L. Currence, January 12, 1998
"Crown Books Files Consensual Plan of Reorganization", Crown Books Press Release, July 1, 1999
Crown Books Plan of Reorganization is Confirmed, Crown Books Press Release, October 7, 1999
Crown Books files Chapter 11, unit closings inevitable, Discount Store News, July 27, 1998
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
American retail chief executives
American women chief executives
American chief operating officers
20th-century American businesspeople
20th-century American business persons
21st-century American businesspeople
21st-century American business persons
Glenn Lee Van Wieren (born August 17, 1942) is an American former college basketball coach who served as the head coach of the Hope Flying Dutchmen men's basketball team for 33 seasons spanning from 1977 to 2010.
Head coaching record
See also
List of college men's basketball coaches with 600 wins
References
External links
Coach Van Wieren Leaves Rich Legacy
1942 births
Living people
American basketball coaches
College men's basketball head coaches in the United States
Hope Flying Dutchmen men's basketball coaches
Hope College alumni
Hope Flying Dutchmen men's basketball players
Shane Clifton is an Australian theologian.
Clifton was the Dean of Theology at Alphacrucis College (Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, resigning in 2019.). They received their PhD from the Australian Catholic University. In addition to their role with Alphacrucis, Clifton is the editor of the Australasian Pentecostal Studies journal. Their 2005 dissertation and subsequent book (published 2009) was entitled Pentecostal Churches in Transition. They have co-written Globalization and the Mission of the Church with ACU's Professor Neil Ormerod. After a serious accident, in October 2010, that left them a quadriplegic, Shane has focused their scholarly work on exploring the intersection between disability and various conceptions of the good life. They write about their experience of living with a disability on their blog. Clifton resides in Southwestern Sydney with their wife and children.
References
External links
Official website and blog
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Australian Christian theologians
People with tetraplegia
Australian Catholic University faculty
Rear-Admiral Sir Edmund Affleck, 1st Baronet (19 April 1725 – 19 November 1788) was a naval officer of considerable repute.
Life
Affleck was born on 19 April 1725 the ninth son of the politician Gilbert Affleck (1684?–1764) of Dalham Hall. Affleck entered the navy at an early age, and during reign of George II, served in the several capacities of lieutenant, master and commander, and post captain. Their first command of note was June 1756 when they took over HMS Albany a speedy 14-gun sloop.
In 1778 was given command of the 74 gun and they briefly joined Vice-Admiral John Byron in North America before having to return for repairs. Affleck was with Sir Charles Hardy the following year before they were sent to relieve Gibraltar under the command of Sir George Rodney. Affleck's ship was noted for its ability to take the lead when attacking the Juan de Lángara's Spanish squadron during the Battle of St Vincent in 1780.
In 1781 they became a commodore and was briefly employed in New York, then being threatened by American rebels under George Washington. Surviving correspondence indicates Sir Edmund and General Washington to have been in contact regarding the treatment of prisoners of war. It was not, however, until the year 1782 had become – as it might be historically stated – a memorable epoch in the maritime annals of England, and that valour, ability, and boldness in battle, had retrieved for the nation its naval name, that opportunity had been afforded to Affleck to acquire celebrity and establish their professional fame.
About this period, their broad pennant (the commodore's symbol of office) was flying on board , attached to the fleet then employed in the West Indies, under the orders of Sir Samuel Hood. In the cautious and somewhat speculative encounter which took place in Basse-terre Roads, between Hood and the celebrated Count de Grasse, it fell to the lot, or – as they would have said themselves – good fortune of Affleck, who each day commanded the rear division of the British line, to sustain the brunt of the enemy's attack. Their conduct on this occasion drew from the commander-in-chief, a public expression of praise.
"The enemy," says Sir Samuel, in their official dispatches, "gave the preference to Commodore Affleck, but they kept up so noble a fire, and was so well supported by their seconds, Captain Cornwallis and Lord Robert Manners, that the loss and damage sustained in those ships were very trifling, and they very much preserved the other ships in the rear."
In furthering the fond aspirations of Affleck, time was any thing but tardy. On the 9 and 12 April ensuing, opportunity was again afforded them to increase their laurels. In the well-known conflicts that took place on those different days between Rodney and the Count de Grasse, and particularly in the memorable battle of the 12th, the commodore, in bringing up the rear of the centre division of the British fleet, manifested the noblest bearing.
For the services rendered to their country in this glorious achievement, their sovereign conferred on them in 1782 the dignity of baronet of Britain; and out of compliment to their gallantry and general conduct, the electors of Colchester returned them the same year to represent that borough in parliament, which they did until their death. In turn, they attained their flag rank (in 1784), but in the capacity of admiral was never employed afloat.
In 1784 they bought Fingringhoe Hall in Essex. They died at their London house on 19 November 1788. They had married twice; firstly widow Hester Creffeild (née Hester Ruth) and secondly widow Margaret Smythies. They had only a daughter Charlotte and thus Fingringhoe Hall passed to the 2nd Baronet, Gilbert.
See also
Philip Affleck, their brother, the admiral.
HMS Affleck, named after Sir Edmund Affleck.
References
External links
18th-century British writers
Royal Navy rear admirals
British MPs 1780–1784
British MPs 1784–1790
Royal Navy personnel of the American Revolutionary War
Baronets in the Baronetage of Great Britain
Members of the Parliament of Great Britain for English constituencies
1725 births
1788 deaths
A pandemic is a global epidemic or disease outbreak.
Pandemic may also refer to:
Disease outbreaks
List of epidemics (includes pandemics), for a particular one
COVID-19 pandemic, the ongoing global outbreak of coronavirus disease 2019
Literature
Pandemic (Sigler novel), the 2014 finale of the Infected sci-fi trilogy
Pandemic (Cook novel), a 2018 medical thriller
Pandemic!, a 2020 political philosophy book by Slavoj Žižek
Television
"Pandemic", a two-episode South Park story arc first broadcast in 2008 during the twelfth season
"Pandemic" (South Park), part one
"Pandemic 2: The Startling", part two
Pandemic (miniseries), a 2007 Hallmark Channel miniseries
Pandemic: How to Prevent an Outbreak, a 2020 Netflix documentary series
Other media
Pandemic (album), a 2020 rap release by Comethazine
Pandemic (board game), a 2007 co-op strategy game
Pandemic (film), a 2016 American zombie film
Pandemic Studios, a defunct video games developer
Pandemic (comics), a character in Marvel's X-Men: Endangered Species
See also
First pandemic (disambiguation)
Second pandemic (disambiguation)
Third pandemic (disambiguation)
Fourth pandemic of cholera
Fifth pandemic of cholera
Sixth pandemic of cholera
Seventh pandemic of cholera
Pandemia, a 2006 novel
Plandemic, a pair of 2020 conspiracy videos
Endemic (epidemiology)
Epidemic (disambiguation)
William Dalen Clyburn (born May 17, 1990) is an American professional basketball player for Anadolu Efes of the Turkish Basketball Super League and the EuroLeague. Clyburn attended three colleges, from 2008 to 2013: Marshalltown Community College, University of Utah, and Iowa State University before playing professionally in Germany, Israel, Turkey, and Russia. They were the top scorer in the Israel Basketball Premier League in 2015–16. Clyburn was named the EuroLeague Final Four MVP in 2019.
Early life and college career
Clyburn was born in Detroit, Michigan, they attended Romulus Senior High School in Romulus, Michigan, where they averaged 10.7 points as a senior, earning the "Best Shooter" award.
Clyburn began their college career at Marshalltown Community College, where they averaged 19.6 points and 8.7 rebounds per game as a sophomore. In one game, Clyburn had a 54-point outburst against Southeastern Community College. Clyburn earned first-team All-ICCAC honors and first-team All-Region XI accolades in 2010.
In 2010, they transferred to the University of Utah, where they earned Second-Team Mountain West Conference honors and First-Team NABC All-District 17 accolades after leading the team in scoring (17.1) and rebounding (7.8) per game. Clyburn was ranked third in the Mountain West in both scoring and rebounding and ranked 92nd nationally in scoring.
On April 12, 2011, they transferred again to Iowa State University and was forced to sit out the 2011–12 season as a redshirt. In their senior year at Iowa State, they were named Big 12 Newcomer of the Year and earned All-Big 12 Second Team honors. Clyburn led the team and ranked seventh in the Big 12 in scoring with 14.9 points per game.
Professional career
ratiopharm Ulm (2013–2015)
After going undrafted in the 2013 NBA draft, Clyburn joined the Sacramento Kings for the 2013 NBA Summer League, where they averaged 7.4 points and 3 rebounds in five games played for the Kings.
On July 27, 2013, Clyburn signed with ratiopharm Ulm of the German BBL. Clyburn helped Ulm reach the 2014 Eurocup Round of 16, as well as the 2014 German Cup Finals, where they eventually lost to Alba Berlin.
On July 8, 2014, Clyburn joined the Los Angeles Clippers for the 2014 NBA Summer League.
On October 18, 2014, Clyburn recorded a double-double and season-highs of 28 points and 17 rebounds, shooting 9-of-18 from the field, in a 99–85 win over MHP Riesen Ludwigsburg. In 41 games played during the 2014–15 season, they averaged 12.9 points, 7.2 rebounds, 1.5 assists and 1.2 steals per game. Their solid play for the season got them an invite to play in the German League All-Star Game. Clyburn led the team to reach the 2014 BBL Playoffs as the fifth seed, but they eventually were eliminated by Brose Bamberg in the Semifinals.
Hapoel Holon (2015–2016)
On September 8, 2015, Clyburn signed with Hapoel Holon in Israeli Premier League. On April 25, 2016, Clyburn recorded 31 points, shooting 11-of-15 from the field, along with nine rebounds and three assists for 43 PIR in a 98–80 win over Maccabi Ashdod. They were subsequently named Israeli League Round 30 MVP. On May 1, 2016, Clyburn was named Israeli League Player of the Month after averaging 25.6 points, 10.6 rebounds and 4 assists in five games played in April.
In 33 games played for Holon, Clyburn led the league in scoring with 20.9 points per game, to go with 8.2 rebounds, 2 assists and 1.4 steals per game. On June 3, 2016, Clyburn earned a spot in the All-Israeli League Second Team.
Darüşşafaka (2016–2017)
On August 5, 2016, Clyburn signed with Darüşşafaka of the Turkish Basketball Super League and the EuroLeague. On March 30, 2017, Clyburn recorded a season-high 26 points, shooting 9-of-14 from the field, along with seven rebounds in a 99–97 win over Brose Bamberg. Clyburn led Daçka to the 2017 EuroLeague Playoffs as the eighth seed, but they eventually were eliminated by Real Madrid in the Quarterfinals.
CSKA Moscow (2017–2022)
On June 20, 2017, Clyburn signed a two-year contract with the Russian team CSKA Moscow of the VTB United League and the EuroLeague. In 64 games played during the 2017–18 season, they averaged 11.9 points, 5.2 rebounds and 1.7 assists per game. Clyburn helped CSKA win the 2018 VTB United League Championship, winning their first career title.
On January 17, 2019, Clyburn recorded 20 points, shooting 6-of-13 from the field, along with eight rebounds and two steals, leading CSKA to a 77–70 comeback win over FC Bayern Munich. Clyburn was named EuroLeague Round 19 MVP. On May 9, 2019, Clyburn was named to the All-EuroLeague First Team. On May 19, 2019, Clyburn led CSKA win the 2019 EuroLeague Championship after scoring 20 points in the championship game against Anadolu Efes. They were named the EuroLeague Final Four MVP.
On June 14, 2019, Clyburn signed a three-year contract extension with CSKA. On October 25, 2019, Clyburn was ruled out for the rest of the season after they suffered an ACL injury in a match against Alba Berlin.
Anadolu Efes (2022–present)
On June 7, 2022, Clyburn signed a two-year contract with the Turkish club Anadolu Efes of the Basketball Super League and the EuroLeague, the back-to-back European champions.
Personal life
Clyburn's younger brother, Kris (born April 20, 1996) is also a professional basketball player, who currently plays in Israel for Maccabi Rishon LeZion.
Career statistics
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2014–15
| style="text-align:left;"|Ratipharm Ulm
| German League
| 41 || 29.8 || .477 || .272 || .759 || 7.2 || 1.6 || 1.2 || .3 || 13.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2015–16
| style="text-align:left;"|Hapoel Holon
| Israeli League
| 33 || 36.1 || .456 || .333 || .661 || 8.3 || 2.0 || 1.4 || .5 || 20.9
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2016–17
| style="text-align:left;"|Darüşşafaka
| EuroLeague
| 34 || 28.2 || .429 || .289 || .685 || 5.1 || 1.3 || .9 || .3 || 13.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2017–18
| style="text-align:left;"|CSKA Moscow
| EuroLeague
| 36 || 26.6 || .435 || .386 || .692 || 5.9 || 1.8 || .9 || .3 || 11.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2018–19
| style="text-align:left;"|CSKA Moscow
| EuroLeague
| 35 || 27.0 || .474 || .343 || .745 || 6.8 || 1.5 || 1.0 || .2 || 13.6
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2019–20
| style="text-align:left;"|CSKA Moscow
| EuroLeague
| 4 || 18.5 || .500 || .364 || .727 || 5.3 || .8 || .8 || .0 || 12.5
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2020–21
| style="text-align:left;"|CSKA Moscow
| EuroLeague
| 31 || 26.1 || .520 || .364 || .796 || 3.8 || 1.5 || .8 || .2 || 14.0
|-
| style="text-align:left;"|2021–22
| style="text-align:left;"|CSKA Moscow
| EuroLeague
| 17 || 28.4 || .432 || .338 || .870 || 5.4 || 1.5 || .8 || .5 || 15.0
|-
|-class=sortbottom
| align="center" colspan=2 | Career
| All Leagues
| 226 || 27.8 || .458 || .329 || .720 || 6.2 || 1.6 || 1.0 || .3 || 13.8
College
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2010–11
| style="text-align:left;"| Utah
| 30 || 28 || 34.7 || .450 || .403 || .759 || 7.8 || 1.0 || 1.1 || .2 || 17.1
|-
| style="text-align:left;"| 2012–13
| style="text-align:left;"| Iowa State
| 35 || 35 || 31.5 || .443 || .308 || .768 || 6.8 || 2.1 || .9 || .4 || 14.9
|-
| style="text-align:center;" colspan=2| Career
| 65 || 63 || 33.0 || .446 || .359 || .764 || 7.3 || 1.6 || 1.0 || .3 || 15.9
References
External links
Iowa State Cyclones bio
RealGM profile
Eurobasket profile
EuroLeague profile
TBLStat.net Profile
1990 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Israel
American expatriate basketball people in Russia
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Anadolu Efes S.K. players
Basketball players from Detroit
Darüşşafaka Basketbol players
Hapoel Holon players
Iowa State Cyclones men's basketball players
Marshalltown Tigers men's basketball players
PBC CSKA Moscow players
Romulus Senior High School alumni
Ratiopharm Ulm players
Small forwards
Southeastern Blackhawks men's basketball players
Utah Utes men's basketball players
Boston Ravine is a former settlement in Nevada County, California. Boston Ravine is located south-southwest of Grass Valley. Its elevation is above sea level.
History
The settlement began in the fall of 1849 with four cabins on the south of a ravine, erected by the Boston Company, led by Rev. H.H. Cummings. By 1853, there were several quartz mills, and later a foundry. It is situated from present-day Grass Valley, California.
A post office operated at Boston Ravine from 1889 to 1890.
Climate
According to the Köppen Climate Classification system, Boston Ravine has a warm-summer Mediterranean climate, abbreviated "Csa" on climate maps.
References
Former settlements in Nevada County, California
Former populated places in California
Populated places established in 1849
1849 establishments in California
Valentin Valentinsen (21 December 1861 - ??) was a Norwegian engineer and politician for the Liberal Party.
Born in Haugesund as the son of ship-owner Johannes Valentinsen, they took a technical education and started their career at a shipyard in Laksevaag. In 1887 they were hired as head of the machine department in a shipyard in Mykolaiv, nicknamed the City of shipbuilders. In 1889 they went on to Jarrow, England, working as a machine constructor at the Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company Limited. They then traveled to Chicago in 1890 and to San Francisco and the Union Iron Works in 1890. They returned to Norway in 1893.
They were a member of Haugesund city council from 1904, serving as deputy mayor in 1907 and 1908 and as mayor from 1909. They were then elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1910 and 1913, representing the constituency of Haugesund.
References
1861 births
Year of death missing
Members of the Storting
Mayors of places in Rogaland
Liberal Party (Norway) politicians
Norwegian engineers
People from Haugesund
Norwegian expatriates in Ukraine
Norwegian expatriates in England
Norwegian expatriates in the United States
David Daniel Marriott (born November 2, 1939) is an American politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives for Utah's 2nd congressional district from 1977 to 1985.
Early life and education
Born in Bingham, Utah, Marriott was educated in the public schools of Sandy, Utah, and graduated from Jordan High School in 1958. They received a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Utah in 1967 and was designated as a Chartered Life Underwriter (CLU) by the American College of Life Underwriters in 1968.
Career
They later worked as a life insurance agent and was the owner/president of a Utah-based firm specializing in business and pension consultation from 1968 to 1976. Marriott also served in the Utah Air National Guard from 1958 to 1963.
Marriott was elected to the United States House of Representatives as a Republican in 1976. They were not a candidate for re-election in 1984, instead running for governor of Utah. In the 1984 Utah gubernatorial election, they lost to state House speaker Norm Bangerter, 94,421 to 72,883. They ran for their former House seat in 1990, but lost the Republican primary to Genevieve Atwood.
Marriott served as a Mission president for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints from 2002 to 2005. They served in the South Africa Cape Town Mission.
Personal life
 They are a resident of Salt Lake City, Utah and has 12 grandchildren.
References
Sources
1939 births
Latter Day Saints from Utah
American Mormon missionaries in South Africa
Living people
Politicians from Salt Lake City
People from Sandy, Utah
University of Utah alumni
People from Bingham Canyon, Utah
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Utah
Rana or Rane is a Title of Maharaja
Notable people bearing the name
Rane include:
Datta Rane, politician
Harshvardhan Rane, actor
Jayesh Rane, footballer
Kartika Rane, actor
Narayan Rane, politician
Nitesh Narayan Rane, politician
Nilesh Narayan Rane, politician
Pratapsingh Rane, politician
Rama Raghoba Rane, soldier
Ranjita Rane, cricketer
Saili Rane, badminton player
Saraswati Rane, singer
Vishwajit Pratapsingh Rane, politician
Walter Rane, American illustrator
Indian surnames
Joseph Miller (September 9, 1819 – May 27, 1862) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1857 to 1859.
Biography
Born in Virginia, Miller attended the common schools.
They moved to Ohio and settled in Chillicothe.
They were graduated from Miami University, Oxford, Ohio, in 1839.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1841 and commenced practice in Chillicothe, Ohio.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Ross County, Ohio, from 1844 to 1848.
They served as member of the State house of representatives in 1856.
Congress
Miller was elected as a Democrat to the Thirty-fifth Congress (March 4, 1857 – March 3, 1859).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1858 to the Thirty-sixth Congress.
They were appointed United States judge for Nebraska Territory March 5, 1859.
Death
They died in Cincinnati, Ohio, on May 27, 1862.
They were interred in Grandview Cemetery, Chillicothe, Ross County, Ohio, USA.
Sources
1819 births
1862 deaths
People from Virginia
Miami University alumni
Politicians from Chillicothe, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Rothley railway station is a heritage railway station on the preserved section of the Great Central Railway's London Extension. Built to the standard island platform pattern of country stations on the line, it originally opened on 15 March 1899 and has been restored to late Edwardian era condition, circa 1910.
Route description
Climbing south from milepost 97, the formation of the Mountsorrel quarry branch joins the line from the east, crossing over the quadruple spanned bridge 352 to reach Swithland Sidings. Here, the up and down lines have parted as this site was originally to be the location of a projected Swithland station. The entrance archway from the road below can still be seen from passing trains, even though a platform was never built. Swithland has been redeveloped from a single track back into a four-track main line with a number of exchange sidings. Resignalling of the area using Great Western equipment to represent the Great Western and Great Central Joint Railway is ongoing.
Shortly south of Swithland the summit is reached, and the line drops sharply again at a gradient of 1 in 176 into Rothley station. The station consists of a single island platform on which the station buildings sit, with original access from the road passing above. Beneath the stairway from the road is a museum, and beyond the booking hall there is a tearoom. Rothley has been restored to its late Edwardian condition to represent the line during Great Central days. It is lit entirely by gas and never had mains electricity before closure by British Rail. The station's goods yard now forms the car park, at one end of which is a miniature railway, family picnic area, and historic stores room. At the other is a modern carriage repair works.
Overseeing railway traffic movements in the area is Rothley Cabin, a signal box recovered from Blind Lane Junction in Wembley and erected facing the station on the west side of the line. This signal box controls entry and exit to the southern end of the Great Central Railway's unique double track. In 2009 it was joined by an ex-GCR lamp hut taken from Whetstone railway station.
After falling to the bridge over Rothley Brook (structure 355), the line begins climbing again towards the summit at Birstall.
The station is grade II listed.
Current services
Heritage steam and diesel train services operate to Rothley from Loughborough Central every weekend and bank holiday of the year.
Additional services operate on selected weekdays throughout the year.
History
Rothley GCR
Rothley station was built as a part of the Great Central Railway's London Extension and opened to passengers on 15 March 1899. The station was built to the standard London Extension country station pattern of a single large 'island' platform between the two running lines, on which stood the station buildings, including ticket office and waiting rooms. The platform at Rothley measures long and wide at its widest point. Access is made by descending a flight of stairs from a road bridge (structure number 354) that crosses the line.
Rothley station was built partly in a cutting at the north end (across which the bridge 354 crosses) and on an embankment at the south end. A modest goods yard with a good shed, weighbridge and coal store were provided on the east side of the station, with train and shunting movements controlled from a signal box a little to the south of station on the west side of the main running lines. A stationmaster's house at the north eastern corner of the site watches over the station from on top of the banks.
The station closed on 4 March 1963 although trains continued to pass through until the line closed in 1969.
References
Main Line is the quarterly news magazine of the preserved Great Central Railway.
Rothley Station website - Under Development at https://web.archive.org/web/20180811113848/http://rothleygcr.co.uk/
External links
Gallery of photos around Rothley station
Former Great Central Railway stations
Heritage railway stations in Leicestershire
Grade II listed buildings in Leicestershire
Grade II listed railway stations
Great Central Railway (preserved)
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1899
Railway stations in Great Britain closed in 1963
Luke Lea (1879–1945) was a U.S. Senator from Tennessee from 1911 to 1917. Senator Lea may also refer to:
Benjamin J. Lea (1833–1894), Tennessee State Senate
Pryor Lea (1794–1879), Texas State Senate
Neave is an unincorporated community located in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.
History
A post office called Neave was established in 1879, and remained in operation until 1906. A variant name was Holton's Corner.
References
Unincorporated communities in Bracken County, Kentucky
Unincorporated communities in Kentucky
Freudy Cat is a 1964 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes animated short directed by Robert McKimson. The short was released on March 14, 1964, and stars Sylvester the Cat, Sylvester Jr. and Hippety Hopper.
A paranoid Sylvester flashes back to earlier cartoons such as Who's Kitten Who?, Cats A-Weigh!, and The Slap-Hoppy Mouse while describing to a psychiatrist that they think Hippety Hopper is out to get him.
Soundtrack Anomaly
The cartoon is unusual in that it mixes a new soundtrack by Bill Lava with music by Carl Stalling (while alive in 1964, they had retired six years earlier), which is heard during the original shorts that make up this cartoon. That results in a schizophrenic soundtrack (whether this was intentional, given the plot of a mentally unbalanced Sylvester visiting a psychiatrist, isn't known, but it is possible). Even more unusual is that certain prints of the cartoon contain stock music pieces by Philip Green that play over numerous areas of the cartoon without removing the old soundtrack, creating a rather dissonant, overbearing "new" soundtrack.
Notes
This was the last theatrical appearance of both Hippety Hopper and Sylvester Jr.
References
1964 films
1964 animated films
1964 short films
1960s Warner Bros. animated short films
Looney Tunes shorts
Sylvester the Cat films
Films about father–son relationships
Animated films about kangaroos and wallabies
Films directed by Robert McKimson
Films scored by Carl Stalling
Films scored by William Lava
Warner Bros. Cartoons animated short films
1960s English-language films
Snyk is a Boston-based cybersecurity company specializing in cloud computing. It was founded in 2015 out of London and Tel Aviv with headquarters in Boston.
History
Snyk was founded in 2015 by Guy Podjarny (גיא פודחרני), Assaf Hefetz (אסף חפץ), and Danny Grander, (ודני גרנדר) coming from Unit 8200, a SIGINT unit of the Israel Defense Forces. Guy Podjarny was initially the CEO, but in July 2019, they were succeeded by Peter McKay, one of the first investors. Meanwhile, Podjarny became president and chairperson of the Board of Directors. As of May 2022, the company has 1375 employees.
Headquartered in Boston, it also has offices in Tel Aviv, Ottawa, Zurich and London.
In 2020, it was listed as 39th in the Forbes Cloud 100.
Acquisitions
Snyk has acquired a number of companies including DeepCode, Manifold, FossID and CloudSkiff.
DeepCode provided what became Snyk Code, a product for static application security testing. Snyk Code is a cloud-based, AI-powered code review platform that checks, tests, and debugs code. It uses machine learning to check for mistakes in code. The platform currently supports Java, JavaScript, Python, and TypeScript.
FossID brought in its expertise in scanning and looking for vulnerabilities in C/C++ applications, as well as the capability to identify pieces of code copied from the internet, e.g., from stackoverflow, which could contain vulnerabilities.
CloudSkiff was known for its open source tool for drift detection (detection of changes in the outside environment which may invalidate software infrastructure configuration, database setup, etc.)
Financing history
In 2016 the company initially raised $3 million. In March 2018, its Series A funding was $7 million. In late 2019 it raised $70 million and further $150 million in January 2020. In September 2021 a series F funding round valued the company at $8.5 billion. This came 6 months after a valuation of $4.7 billion.
In December 2021 Bloomberg reported that Snyk was preparing for an IPO in 2022.
Products
The company's security products are designed to help software developers find weaknesses, violations, and vulnerabilities in their code. The company's vulnerability database records security issues found in open-source software libraries, and corrects the code. Security vulnerabilities are identified and addressed during the development process, before the software product is in use.
References
External links
Computer security companies
Companies based in Boston
American companies established in 2015
Israeli companies established in 2015
Milton S. F. Curry is an American professor of architecture who became Dean of the USC School of Architecture at the University of Southern California on July 1, 2017. Curry joined USC after serving as Associate Dean for academic affairs and strategic initiatives of the University of Michigan Taubman College of Architecture and Urban Planning.
Early career
Curry completed a Bachelor of Architecture degree at Cornell University and a Master of Architecture degree (architecture theory) at Harvard Graduate School of Design.
They joined Arizona State University after instructing the Harvard University's Career Discovery program in 1991. Curry was an assistant professor of architecture at ASU from 1992 to 1995, and an assistant professor at the Cornell University Department of Architecture, where they received tenure in 2002. They were affiliated with Cornell Center for the Study of Inequality, and directed Cornell Council for the Arts from 2002 to 2008. At CCA, they initiated CCA X DesignGroup to facilitate faculty-undergraduate research, CCA Installations to commission public arts and CCA Cornell Public to connect Cornell community with prominent figures in the art industry.
In 2010, they became an associate professor with tenure at the University of Michigan. They have also taught at Harvard University Graduate School of Design, where they directed a graduate design studio in 1999. Curry has worked as a design professional with the Studio Museum in New York and designed several speculative real estate and architectural projects.
Later career
Curry founded Appendx Journal in 1993, focusing on interdisciplinary discussions of race and culture. In 2008, Curry founded CriticalProductive Journal, focused on scholarship and creative work on architecture, urbanism and cultural theory. Curry has coordinated graduate and undergraduate design studios at all levels, and has taught seminars on subjects ranging from architecture and cultural theory to urbanism and housing. At the University of Michigan, Curry directed the Michigan/Mellon Project on Egalitarianism and the Metropolis, focused on urbanization.
Curry became Dean of the USC School of Architecture and the holder of the Della and Harry MacDonald Dean's Chair in Architecture on July 1, 2017. Their pedagogy under their role of School's dean focuses on the synergies between architecture, urbanism and other humanities studies.
Published works
Edited Volumes:
Appendx Journal, Cambridge, MA; Distributed by Rizzoli, Harvard University GSD. 1993–1999.
CriticalProductive Journal
References
University of Southern California faculty
Cornell University College of Architecture, Art, and Planning alumni
Harvard Graduate School of Design alumni
University of Michigan faculty
Ardei is a suborder of order Pelecaniformes that include the families Ardeidae (herons, egrets, and bitterns) and Threskiornithidae (ibises and spoonbills). Traditionally the ardeids and threskiornithids were classified in the order Ciconiiformes along with Ciconiidae (storks), Phoenicopteridae (flamingos), Scopidae (hamerkop), Balaenicipitidae (shoebill), and even Cathartidae (New World vultures and condors). However, there were some osteological studies that have questioned the monophyly of Ciconiiformes, suggesting that the ardeids and threskiornithids originated from early gruiforms, with the latter being a transitionary taxon to order Charadriiformes. The polyphyly nature of Ciconiiformes is supported by recent genomic studies that have found support threskiornithids, ardeids, scopids and balaenicipitids being closely related to Pelecanidae (pelicans).
The exact relationship between ardeids, threskiornithids and suborder Pelcani is still being investigated with two hypotheses. One hypothesis is ardeids and threskiornithids are each other's sister taxon in suborder Ardei (as presented here). The other hypothesis is the ardeids are the sister taxon to the pelecanid-related clade, with threskiornithids the basal most group. This hypothesis is supported from some morphological and the earliest representations of non-threskiornithid pelecaniforms come from the Oligocene deposits in Africa, while threskiornithids have been found in Eocene deposits of North America and Europe.
References
Shilong Road () is a station on Shanghai Metro Line 3. The station opened on 26 December 2000 as part of the initial section of Line 3 from to .
Gallery
References
Shanghai Metro stations in Xuhui District
Line 3, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2000
Railway stations in Shanghai
The Best of Simple Minds is the second greatest hits album by Simple Minds, released in 2001. New versions of the "Theme for Great Cities" were released, and some copies (such as the US version), included the remixes by Raven Maize.
A new edition was released in November 2007 with an extra DVD of the Verona concert film.
Raven Maize's track "The Real Life"—which samples both Simple Minds' "Theme for Great Cities" and Queen's "Bohemian Rhapsody"—was a hit single in 2001 and was included on this album, at the end of the second disc.
Track listing
Disc one
"Don't You (Forget About Me)" - 4:20
"Promised You a Miracle" (Edit) - 3:59
"Waterfront" - 4:49
"Alive and Kicking" - 5:24
"Glittering Prize" (Edit) - 3:58
"All the Things They Said" - 4:16
"Sanctify Yourself" - 5:00
"Someone Somewhere in Summertime" - 4:38
"Ghost Dancing" - 4:46
"Up on the Catwalk" (Edit) - 4:04
"Speed Your Love to Me" (Edit) - 3:59
"Theme for Great Cities" - 5:50
"Love Song" (Edit) - 3:54
"The American" (Edit) - 3:32
"Sweat in Bullet" - 4:30
"Life in a Day" - 4:00
"I Travel" - 3:56
Disc two
"Let There Be Love" (Extended Album Mix) - 5:14
"This Is Your Land" (DJ Version) - 5:05
"Kick It In" (Edit) - 4:20
"Let It All Come Down" (Edit) - 3:37
"See the Lights" - 4:22
"Stand by Love" - 4:04
"Real Life" (Video Mix) - 4:53
"She's a River" (Edit) - 4:29
"Hypnotised" (Edit) - 4:46
"Glitterball" (Edit) - 4:25
"War Babies" (Edit) - 4:24
"Mandela Day" - 5:41
"Biko" - 7:32
"Belfast Child" - 6:40
"The Real Life" (Raven Maize remix) - 2:55
The Best of Simple Minds - Night of the Proms Edition
Virgin Records released this compilation on 1 October 2002; it is identical to The Best of Simple Minds except it deletes "The Real Life" remix and replaces it with "Cry" (3:55) and "Spaceface" (3:52).
Special Edition DVD: Live in Verona
"Theme for Great Cities '90"
"When Spirits Rise"
"Street Fighting Years"
"Let It All Come Down" (Promotional Video)
"Mandela Day"
"Waterfront"
"This Is Your Land" (Instrumental Segue)
"Don't You Forget About Me"
"Gaelic Melody" (Instrumental Segue)
"Kick It In"
"Ghost Dancing"
"Soul Crying Out" (Instrumental Segue)
"Belfast Child"
"Sanctify Yourself"
"East at Easter"
"Alive & Kicking"
"Let It All Come Down" (Instrumental End Titles)
"Hunter & the Hunted" [Recorded Live at the Newcastle City Hall, 20.11.82]
"Glittering Prize" [Recorded Live at the Newcastle City Hall, 20.11.82]
"Someone Somewhere in Summertime" [Recorded Live at the Newcastle City Hall, 20.11.82]
"The American" [Recorded Live at the Newcastle City Hall, 20.11.82]
"Big Sleep" [Recorded Live at the Newcastle City Hall, 20.11.82]
"New Gold Dream" [Recorded Live at the Newcastle City Hall, 20.11.82]
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2002 greatest hits albums
2001 greatest hits albums
2007 live albums
Live video albums
Simple Minds compilation albums
Simple Minds live albums
Simple Minds video albums
Virgin Records compilation albums
Virgin Records live albums
Virgin Records video albums
Jamie Carr (born 1982) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who plays in defence for Newtown Blues and the Louth county team.
They also played for Donegal Boston.
References
1982 births
Living people
Donegal Boston Gaelic footballers
Gaelic football backs
Louth inter-county Gaelic footballers
Newtown Blues Gaelic footballers
Katie Jarvis (born 22 June 1991) is an English actor, known for their roles as Mia Williams in Fish Tank (2009) and Hayley Slater in the BBC soap opera EastEnders (2018–2019).
Career
Jarvis was seen by a casting agent working for director Andrea Arnold, and was cast in their film Fish Tank, following a successful audition. They played Mia, a troublesome and aggressive 15-year-old girl from an underclass family, passionate about dance. The film was in the running for the Palme d'Or at the 62nd Cannes Film Festival, winning the Jury Prize. Jarvis won the British Independent Film Awards for their role.
In February 2018, they joined the BBC soap opera EastEnders as Hayley Slater. They left the series in February 2019.
In October 2019, Jarvis admitted that they had taken a "step back from acting" and began working as a security guard for B&M. Numerous tabloid newspapers wrote negatively about them working as a security guard, which was met with backlash from many celebrities who believed that the actor was "job shamed" by the press. They showed their support to Jarvis by sharing their "regular" jobs on social media.
Personal life
Jarvis was born in Dagenham, East London. They gave birth to a daughter, Lillie Mae, on 9 May 2009. On 19 April 2011, they gave birth to their son, Alfie.
In March 2019, it was reported that Jarvis was glassed while on a night out. On 31 July 2020, they were arrested in Southend-on-Sea on suspicion of assault and racially aggravated public order. They were later released on bail. Jarvis was ultimately charged with racially aggravated harassment, common assault and two counts of assault by beating. They appeared at magistrates' court on 14 April 2021, where they did not enter any pleas and chose to have a trial at Crown Court. Them representative told the court that they intended to plead not guilty to the charges, and that they were the victim of the attack and was acting in self defence. On 24 May 2021, Jarvis appeared at Crown Court and pled not guilty. They were bailed until their trial on 19 April 2022, where they admitted racially aggravated harassment and common assault and was sentenced to a two-year community order, with 200 hours of unpaid work and a requirement to complete 60 days of specified activities.
Filmography
Film
Television
Awards and nominations
References
External links
Living people
English film actores
English soap opera actores
People from Basildon
People from Tilbury
English actores
1991 births
The Addams Family are fictional characters who originated in a series of comics created by Charles Addams.
The Addams Family may also refer to:
Television
The Addams Family (1964 TV series), a 1964–1966 live-action, television series sitcom, starring John Astin and Carolyn Jones
The Addams Family (1973 TV series), a 1973 animated television series
Halloween with the New Addams Family, a 1977 TV film, with most of the original cast from the 1964–1966 series
The Addams Family (1992 TV series), a 1992 animated television series
The New Addams Family, a 1998–1999 remake of the sitcom, starring Glenn Taranto and Ellie Harvie
Films
The Addams Family (1991 film), a 1991 comedy film, starring Raúl Juliá and Anjelica Huston
Addams Family Values, a 1993 comedy film, sequel to the 1991 film, also starring Raúl Juliá and Anjelica Huston
Addams Family Reunion, a non-sequel, direct-to-video, 1998 comedy film, starring Tim Curry and Daryl Hannah
The Addams Family (2019 film), a 2019 computer animated film, starring Oscar Isaac and Charlize Theron
The Addams Family 2, a 2021 sequel to the 2019 film
Games
The Addams Family (pinball), a 1992 pinball machine based on the 1991 film of the same name
The Addams Family (video game), a 1992 platform game based on the 1991 film of the same name
The Addams Family (handheld video game), a 1992 platform game based on the 1991 film of the same name
Stage shows
The Addams Family (musical), a 2010 musical comedy
See also
Charles Addams (1912–1988), cartoonist
Adams political family
Adams family (disambiguation)
Thomas Martin Crowley (15 November 1901 – 18 October 1965) was a member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly.
Biography
Crowley was born at Innisfail, Queensland, the son of James Crowley and their wife Margaret (née Fitzgerald). They were educated at the Good Samaritan Convent in Innisfail and after leaving school was a wholesaler of wines, spirits and groceries in Cairns and a sugar cane and tobacco farmer at Mossman.
On 30 June 1926 they married Kathleen Agnes Pease (died 1952) and together had two sons and four daughters. They died in Sydney in October 1965 and was buried in the Macquarie Park Cemetery.
Public career
Crowley was an alderman on the Cairns City Council from 1938 to 1947 and then beat the sitting member for Cairns, Lou Barnes, at the 1947 state election. They held the seat for nine years, retiring in 1956.
References
Members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly
1901 births
1965 deaths
Australian Labor Party members of the Parliament of Queensland
20th-century Australian politicians
KFF Vizioni () is a women's football club based in Ferizaj, Kosovo. The club competes in Kosovo Women's Football League which is the top tier of women's football in the country. Their home ground is the Ismet Shabani Stadium which has a seating capacity of 500.
See also
List of football clubs in Kosovo
References
Football clubs in Kosovo
Women's football clubs in Kosovo
Paternáin is a locality and council located in the municipality of Cizur, in Navarre province, Spain, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 387.
Geography
Paternáin is located 9km west-southwest of Pamplona.
References
Populated places in Navarre
Arthur Ranken (23 October 1806 – 24 September 1886) was Dean of Aberdeen and Orkney from 1880 to 1886.
They were born at Tyrie, Aberdeenshire in 1806, and educated at Marischal College and the University of Aberdeen and ordained in 1829. After a curacy at Portsoy they were the incumbent at Mintlaw and then at Old Deer until their death, holding the appointment as Dean
in addition for the last six years of their life.
They died on 24 September 1886.
Notes
External links
1806 births
1886 deaths
Alumni of the University of Aberdeen
Deans of Aberdeen and Orkney
Grabučiškės is a village in the Kaišiadorys District Municipality, Lithuania, located in the Kauno Marios Regional Park, 5 kilometers northwest of Rumšiškės, by the Jokūbiniai stream. Located near the highway, by the shore of Kaunas Reservoir, there is a rest area. A wooden cross was built at the entrance to the village. The village is surrounded by the Rumšiškės Forest.
History
Most of the inhabitants of Gastilonys moved to Grabučiškės in around 1960, when the Kaunas Reservoir was dammed.
Gallery
References
Villages in Kaunas County
Season 1879–80 was the fifth season in which Heart of Midlothian competed at a Scottish national level, entering the Scottish Cup for the fifth time.
Overview
Hearts reached the third round of the Scottish Cup losing to Edinburgh derby rivals Hibs in the third rounds, in a match played at Mayfield Park, in the Mayfield area of Edinburgh. It was the third attempt at staging the match.
Results
Scottish Cup
Game had to be replayed due to power failure.
Edinburgh FA Cup
See also
List of Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
References
Statistical record 1879–80
External links
Official club website
Heart of Midlothian F.C. seasons
Hea
Never Give Up may refer to:
Film and television
Never Give Up (1934 film), a Chinese film of the 1930s
Never Give Up (1978 film), a Japanese film
Never Give Up: The 20th Century Odyssey of Herbert Zipper, a 1995 documentary film
Never Give Up (TV series), a 2022 South Korean television series
Songs
"Never Give Up" (Sia song), 2016
"Never Give Up (Party Party)", by Paul Haig, 1983
"Never Give Up", by A. R. Rahman from the Million Dollar Arm film soundtrack, 2014
"Never Give Up", by Barbra Streisand from Guilty, 1980
"Never Give Up", by Fantastic Negrito from Please Don't Be Dead, 2018
"Never Give Up", by Jodi Benson and Samuel E. Wright from the TV series The Little Mermaid, 1993
"Never Give Up", by Keke Wyatt from Who Knew?, 2010
"Never Give Up", by New Found Glory from Sticks and Stones, 2002
"Never Give Up", by Rage from Gib dich nie auf, 2009
"Never Give Up", by Room 2012, 2007
"Never Give Up", by Yolanda Adams from Believe, 2001
Other uses
Never Give Up (video game), a 2019 2D platform game
Never Give Up!, a 1999 Japanese comic for girls by Hiromu Mutou
Never Give Up: My Stroke, My Recovery, and My Return to the NFL, a 2007 book by Tedy Bruschi
Never Give Up: How I Turned My Biggest Challenges into Success, a 2008 book by Donald Trump
See also
"Never Giving Up", a song by Of Mice & Men from Restoring Force: Full Circle
Mark Patten (28 July 1901 – 2 May 1996) was a Scottish first-class cricketer.
Patten was born in the West End of Edinburgh in July 1901. They were educated at Winchester College, before going up to Christ Church, Oxford. While studying at Oxford they made their debut in first-class cricket for Oxford University against Middlesex at Oxford in 1922. Patten played first-class cricket for Oxford on seventeen further occasions, with their final appearance coming in 1923. Playing as a wicket-keeper they scored 169 runs and took 26 catches and made two stumpings. In addition to playing first-class cricket for Oxford University, they also represented Scotland in four first-class matches between 1922–25, as well as appearing in four first-class matches for the Free Foresters between 1926–29; for the latter they scored 178 runs at an average of 35.60, with a high score of 58, one of two half centuries they made for the Free Foresters. They died in May 1996 at Ashford, Kent.
References
External links
1901 births
1996 deaths
Cricketers from Edinburgh
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of Christ Church, Oxford
Scottish cricketers
Oxford University cricketers
Free Foresters cricketers
In Hawaiian mythology, Pakaʻa is the god of the wind and the inventor of the sail.
In the legend, Pakaʻa was the child of a traveling royal named Kuanuʻuanu and a beautiful common woman named Laʻamaomao. Kuanu'uanu was summoned back to their leige Keawenuiaumi before Pakaʻa's birth. Pakaʻa was then raised by Laʻamaomao and their elder brother Maʻilou, who Pakaʻa was told was their father. Pakaʻa however questioned this, because despite their young age, they were much taller than Maʻilou.
They then went traveling with the king of Kauaʻi, Paiʻea, to the other Hawaiian Islands, taking the Gord of Laʻamaomao, which gave them control over the many winds of Hawaii.
They later served under Keawenuiaumi and taught their son Ku-a-Pakaʻa to follow in their footsteps.
Notes
Hawaiian gods
Wind gods
David Luchins (born 1946) is a professor at Touro College and chair of its political science department.  They are a national vice-president of the Orthodox Union and a national officer of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs (JCPA). Luchins is a "much-lauded longtime Orthodox Jewish activist" who is active in Jewish communal life and is a frequent speaker on educational, political and Jewish topics. Luchins served as an aide to then-Vice President Hubert Humphrey and for 20 years on the Senate staff of New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
Life and career
Luchins was born in New York City, the eldest son of Abraham Luchins, a Gestalt psychologist, and Edith Hirsch Luchins, a mathematician and psychologist, who was one of the first women to serve on the national board of the Orthodox Union.  They are a graduate of Yeshiva College, where they studied under Rabbi Ahron Soloveichik in their sophomore year and four years under Rabbi Joseph B. Soloveitchik. In 1977, Luchins earned their Ph.D. from the Graduate from Center of the City University of New York. They have been chairperson of the political science department at Touro College since 1978, where they teach courses in American politics and international relations and serves as founding dean of Touro's Lander College for Women.
Luchins is a frequent speaker at high schools, colleges, synagogues and Jewish communal groups in North America and Israel, lecturing on political and social issues. In summer, they serve as a guest instructor at Aish HaTorah, an Orthodox religious outreach program located in the Old City of Jerusalem. They have been a vice-president of the Orthodox Union since 1976 and a member of the executive committee of the Jewish Council for Public Affairs since 1984. They formerly served on the national commissions of the Anti-Defamation League and the Jewish Fund for Justice.
Luchins is married to Vivian Luchins née Osdoby, a graduate of Yeshiva University's Stern College for Women. The couple met as high school students active in the National Conference of Synagogue Youth, the Orthodox Union's youth organization. Now called simply NCSY, the organization honored the Luchins in 2011 for 50 years of service. Vivian Luchins is chair of NCSY summer programs, a senior member of the Orthodox Union's youth commission and a member of the Orthodox Union's national board. The couple lives in the Bronx.
Politically liberal and religiously Orthodox
A longtime political supporter of, and advisor to, Democratic candidates and office-holders, Luchins has also supported and advised Republicans. Writing in The Jewish Daily Forward, Jeffrey Goldberg described Luchins as "a liberal – or a 'leftist', as they prefer – in an Orthodox community that is ever-more conservative [whose] tart tongue has often landed them in the center of controversy."
Luchins served on the 1972 presidential campaign staff of Senator Hubert Humphrey, and subsequently as a national vice chair of Democrats for Nixon. For 20 years, they served on the Senate staff of New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan, rising from special assistant to senior advisor. They later supported Republican Senator Alfonse D'Amato.
After Moynihan's funeral in 2003, at Arlington National Cemetery, Luchins indicated that they would be withdrawing from political activities, saying "everything I cared about in politics was buried Monday in Arlington Cemetery."
In 2004, Luchins spoke on behalf of the Orthodox Union about Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's Gaza disengagement plan, saying that "Jews who want to take sides in Israeli politics should make aliya," using the Hebrew word for immigration to the State of Israel.
Luchins has argued that Jewish tradition stands in opposition to fundamentalism. For the 2008 book, Progressive & Religious: How Christian, Jewish, Muslim, and Buddhist Leaders are Moving Beyond Partisan Politics and Transforming American Public Life, Luchins was asked how it was possible to be "an Orthodox liberal". They answered that an Orthodox social conservative "would be pretty lonely because you don't have too many sources, because the vast part of our religious tradition talks about ... tikkun olam, helping others; it's the number one priority of faith".
In 2009, Luchins offered a reporter writing about elections in New York's ultra-Orthodox Jewish communities example after example of cases where non-Jewish candidates (or non-observant Jewish candidates) who seemed likely to deliver services won out over religiously identified Jewish politicians. "Constituent services Trump's personal biography every single time in the Orthodox Jewish community ... without exception," they observed.
In a 2013 lecture on "Gay Marriages Revisited", delivered at the Israel Center in Jerusalem, Luchins, who considers themselves a "staunch gay rights supporter", made the point that "punishment for cheating in business according to the Torah is greater than for the sum total of all the sexual atrocities forbidden by the Torah". Upholding that gay relationship is forbidden by Jewish law, they add that "the fact that the Torah forbids certain behavior does not mean we should demonize, delegitimize or write out of our religion or our humanity those who may fall short, as we all fall short in so many areas... In the area of kindness to every human being, Jew and Gentile, white and black, gay and straight, even Republicans are created in the image of God."
Awards
In 2015, Luchins received the Albert D. Chernin Award from the Jewish Council for Public Affairs (JCPA) at its annual meeting, the 2015 Jewish Community Town Hall, October 10–13, in Washington, D.C. The Chernin Award is given to Jewish leaders whose life work best exemplifies the social justice imperatives of Judaism, Jewish history, and the protection of The Bill of Rights.
Threat of excommunication
In 1994, Milton Balkany, a conservative Republican active in political fundraising, tried to have Luchins excommunicated by a Jewish religious court, blaming them for having "caused yeshivas in the land of Israel to lose money", after Luchins had complained about Balkany's efforts to compel Israeli government officials to use U.S. aid money for projects Balkany favored in Israel. In March 1995, a Rabbinic Court dismissed all charges against Luchins.
After Balkany was charged in February 2010 with trying to extort $4 million from a Connecticut hedge fund to keep information that they said was damaging secret, Luchins expressed surprise and doubt, saying "while I've had my own run-ins with them in the past, and I'm certainly not a fan of their politics, it's hard to believe someone so intelligent and capable would [d]o something so incredibly stupid. I hope and pray the charges are proven wrong." Balkany was later found guilty of all charges.
Chabad Lubavitch
Personal and family relationship
In a 2009 interview with Chabad Lubavitch News, Luchins affirmed their and theirs family's personal connection to Chabad Lubavitch and to Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn and Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the sixth and seventh Lubavitcher Rebbes. Luchins has been a guest speaker at Chabad Lubavitch events.
Lubavitch messianism
In late June 1996 several Jewish newspapers published a statement signed by Rabbi Ahron Soloveichik opposing attacks on Lubavitcher Hasidim who believed that the late Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the seventh Lubavitcher Rebbe, who had died in 1994, was the Messiah. The statement said that the messianists' belief in the role of the rebbe, even after their death, "cannot be dismissed as a belief that is outside the pale of Orthodoxy". Lubavitch messianists celebrated the statement and Jews for Jesus released their own announcement, expressing satisfaction with "the Tzaddik from Chicago". Luchins, after consulting with Soloveichik, wrote a letter published in the Jewish Daily Forward and the Jewish Week, condemning the way Soloveichik's words were presented, saying that "using Rabbi Soloveichik in this way is a tremendous disservice to one of the great Torah giants of our generation," and adding "I am certain the Lubavitcher rebbe would be deeply pained by this use of Rabbi Soloveichik's name."
The Jonathan Pollard case
Luchins has advocated the release of Jonathan Pollard, an American Jew sentenced to life in prison for spying for Israel; they have also described the pro-Pollard movement a "cult", saying that "Pollard has become a flag of convenience.... He's become a cause that is picked up by other people and used for their own purposes."
In a March 2007 interview with Susan Rosenbluth of The Jewish Voice and Opinion, Luchins, a student of Rabbi Ahron Soleveichik and a senior advisor to Daniel Patrick Moynahan, described the men's role in trying to free Pollard. According to Luchins, shortly after then-President Bill Clinton 1993 inauguration, they were approached by Moynihan and Senator Joseph Lieberman about Pollard's release; the president was reportedly willing to commute Pollard's sentence and order their release if they wrote a letter expressing clear remorse. Rabbi Ahron Soloveichik brought a letter of apology vetted by the White House to Pollard in prison, for their signature. Reportedly, Pollard signed the letter and Lieberman hand-delivered it to Clinton. However, while the letter was still on Clinton's desk, Pollard is reported to have had a change of heart, renouncing the letter and criticizing a portion that apologized for violating Jewish law. According to Luchins, Pollard was pressured by "the Pollard people, the more intense members of the cult", with the result that what seemed like a firm deal to accomplish Pollard's release from prison fell apart. Esther Pollard (Eileen Zeitz) denies that Pollard was ever asked to sign any such letter.
Luchins' life was threatened by Pollard supporters who circulated a flyer that has been characterized as "a Salman Rushdie-style religious decree calling for Luchins' murder".
References
External links
David Luchins′ website
David Luchins (April 5, 2003) A Tribute to Senator Moynihan. Remembering a great friend of the Jewish people. Hamodia
David Luchins (September 11, 2008). What Orthodox Realignment? November Dilemma. The Jewish Daily Forward.
David Luchins (October 11, 2012) The Other Obama-Romney Debate. Cross-Currents
Living people
Jewish American community activists
1946 births
Educators from New York City
Touro College faculty
Yeshiva University alumni
Graduate from Center, CUNY alumni
Activists from New York City
21st-century American Jews
Alocasia infernalis is a species of flowering plant in the family Araceae, native to Kalimantan, Indonesia and Sarawak state, Malaysia. It gets its specific epithet from its dark leaves—nearly black with purple veins—that exhibit a baleful red iridescence depending on the angle of the light and the position of the viewer. Occasionally kept as a houseplant, it has been nicknamed "Black Magic". Other names associated with Alocasia infernalis, which may represent incipient common names, or cultivars, include "Black Panther", 'Kapit', and 'Viery'.
References
infernalis
House plants
Endemic flora of Malaysia
Flora of Sarawak
Plants described in 2007
Monteoru River can refer to one of the following rivers in Romania:
Monteoru - headwater of the Sărățel in Vrancea County
Monteoru - tributary of the Siriul Mare in Buzău County
Valea Monteorului River
See also
Monteoru
The 1974 Hackney Council election took place on 2 May 1974 to elect members of Hackney London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1974
1974 London Borough council elections
Cryptocephalus trimaculatus is a species of cylindrical leaf beetle belonging to the family Chrysomelidae, subfamily Cryptocephalinae.
Etymology
The Latin species name trimaculatusis composed by the prefix tri meaning "three" and by the suffix maculatus meaning "spotted".
Distribution
These beetles can be found in Central and Southern Europe and in the Near East.
Habitat
These beetles mainly inhabit forest edges of various oaks (Quercus species) and hawthorn (Crataegus species).
Description
Cryptocephalus trimaculatus can reach a body length of . The body is oval shaped and shiny. The colour of head and pronotum is black, while elytra are orange-red, with three black spots on each elytron. There is a black spot in the front and two black spots in the back. These can be connected to each other in some subject. Abdomen and legs are black. Furthermore, the elytra are longitudinally covered of rows of small black dots. This species is rather similar to Lachnaia italica.
Biology
Adults can be found from March to May and from July to September.
References
External links
Baza Biomap
trimaculatus
Beetles of Asia
Beetles of Europe
Beetles described in 1790
Taxa named by Pietro Rossi
Soultz-Haut-Rhin () is a commune in the Haut-Rhin département in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Its inhabitants are called Soultziens (male) or Soultziennes (female).
Geography
The town of Soultz-Haut-Rhin has an enclave located northeast of Goldbach-Altenbach.
The town of Soultz was built around a salted water source from which originates its name.
History
The origins of Soultz go back to the 7th century.
667 : the written name of Sulza (salted source) is mentioned in a donation from Adalrich, Duke of Alsace, father of Saint Odile, of the bann of Soultz to the convent of Ebersmunster.
The Soultz Railway was a long military light railway with a track gauge of that the Germans built and operated during World War I from Soultz to the Niederwald terminus below the Hartmannswillerkopf near Wattwiller.
Demography
Places of interest
Soultz has houses from the 15th, 16th, 17th and 18th centuries.
The Church of Saint-Maurice is a Gothic building (1270–1489)
Château de Buchenek is a 13th-century castle, now a museum
La Nef des Jouets (The Toys Vessel, museum of toys)
The 1860 town hall is a Renaissance Revival building
People
Georges-Charles de Heeckeren d'Anthès, who married Catherine Gontcharoff, the eldest sister of Alexander Pushkin's wife, and killed Pushkin in a duel.
Auguste-César West (1810–1880), prefect of Haut-Rhin from 1848 to 1850 then prefect of Bas-Rhin until 1855 and of Haute-Garonne until 1859.
Bernard Genghini, footballer, born in 1958 in Soultz
Pierre Villon (1901–1980), whose real name was Pierre Ginsburger, was a French political figure who took part in the Resistance.
Katia Krafft, volcanologist, born in 1942 in Soultz. Wife of the volcanologist Maurice Krafft. Both of them were carried off in 1991 by a pyroclastical flow on the sides of the Mount Unzen (Japan).
See also
Communes of the Haut-Rhin department
References
External links
Soultz-Haut-Rhin on the INSEE website
Communes of Haut-Rhin
Soultz-Haut-Rhin
Queanbeyan City was a local government area located in south eastern New South Wales, Australia. The former area is located adjacent to Canberra and the Australian Capital Territory, the Queanbeyan River, the Molonglo River, the Kings Highway and the Sydney-Canberra railway.
On 12 May 2016 the Minister for Local Government announced dissolution of Queanbeyan City with immediate effect. Together with the Palerang Council the combined council areas were merged to establish the Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council.
The last mayor of the Queanbeyan City Council was Tim Overall, an independent politician.
Cities, towns and localities
The Queanbeyan City Council area included the suburbs and villages of:
Carwoola
Crestwood
Environa
Googong
Greenleigh
Jerrabomberra
Karabar
Queanbeyan East
Queanbeyan West
Queanbeyan
The Ridgeway
Royalla
Tralee
In 1998 Queanbeyan Council applied to have the localities of Letchworth, Larmer, Dodsworth and De Salis recognised as suburbs and these names were assigned by the Geographical Names Board of New South Wales. A more recent Council has had these names withdrawn.
Council
Composition and election method
Until its dissolution, the Queanbeyan City Council was composed of ten Councillors, including the mayor, for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor was directly elected while the nine other councillors were elected proportionally as one entire ward. , the makeup of the last council, including the mayor, was as follows:
The last Council, elected in 2012 and dissolved in 2016, in order of election, was:
Past Mayors of Queanbeyan
Amalgamation
A 2015 review of local government boundaries recommended that the Queanbeyan City Council merge with adjoining councils. The NSW Government considered two options. The first option was to merge Queanbeyan Council with parts of the Palerang Council to form a new council with an area of and support a population of approximately . The alternative, proposed by Palerang Council on 29 January 2016, was for an amalgamation of the whole of Palerang with Queanbeyan Council. On 12 May 2016 the Minister for Local Government announced dissolution of Queanbeyan City with immediate effect. Together with the Palerang Council the combined council areas were merged to establish the Queanbeyan-Palerang Regional Council.
References
Queanbeyan
Queanbeyan
Queanbeyan
Chengtoushan Town () is a town in Li County, Hunan Province, China. It was reformed on November 23, 2015. The town has an area of , as of 2015, it has a census registered population of 69,500. Chengtoushan Town is divided into 16 villages and 3 communities under its jurisdiction, the seat of town is Zhoujiapo ().
The town is named after the known National Historical and Cultural Site of Chengtoushan. Located on the southwestern corner of the county, Chengtoushan Town is immediately adjacent to the east central margin of Linli County. It is about north of the Li River, west of the county seat, north of the city proper of Changde City and northwest of Changsha City.
References
Li County, Hunan
Towns of Hunan
Hardball squash is a format of the indoor racquet sport squash which was first developed in North America in the late 19th century and early 20th century. It is sometimes referred to as being the "American version" of the sport. Compared to the "British version" of the game—which today is usually referred to as being the "international" version, or "softball" squash—the hardball game is played using a harder rubber ball which plays faster, and usually on a smaller court for singles play, or a much larger court for the doubles game.
Records of squash being played in Canada go back to the early 1880s. There it was found that the softer squash balls being used in Britain were not ideally suited to playing in the extremely cold conditions of the Canadian winter, and so a harder rubber ball was developed. It was quickly discovered that this ball was better suited to playing on slightly narrower courts than were used in the British version of the game. As the popularity of the game spread around Canada, the United States and Mexico, court specifications were codified. In 1924, it was decided to standardize the court width for the hardball games at , with a 'tin' at the bottom of the front wall which was high—whereas the British version of the game was played on a , with a . By 1929, official court plans were being sold by the United States Squash Racquets Association (USSRA) (now called U.S. Squash), and the hardball game was brought into controlled growth.
Hardball squash was largely the only form of the game played in North America until the 1980s. Growing exposure to the international version of the game then led to many clubs in North America building , and the "soft" ball being used on wide and narrow courts. Additionally, the USSRA recognised a as being acceptable for playing the international version (this width being derived from an increasing trend of converting racquetball courts for squash play). By the mid-1990s, the vast majority of squash players in North America had switched to playing the international version of the game. In 1996, 80% of squash ball sales in the United States were of the international-format balls.
Though hardball squash is no longer a very popular game for singles play, the hardball doubles game continues to thrive. Hardball doubles are played on a court measuring and . Hardball doubles differs from singles in that the game is played up to 15 points and you do not have to win by 2 points. The strategy in hardball doubles differs from singles as well; where in singles squash the strategy is to keep the ball on the side wall, hardball doubles strategy is based on hitting attacking cross-court shots to move your 2 opponents around the court to create an opening to score.
Famous hardball squash players
Gordon Anderson
Ken Binns
Clive Caldwell
Michael Desaulniers
Stuart Goldstein
Ralph Howe
Sam Howe
Kenton Jernigan
Aziz Khan
Sharif Khan
Diehl Mateer
Victor Niederhoffer
John Nimick
Rainer Ratinac
Henri Salaun
Mario Sánchez
Mark Talbott
Most observers consider Sharif Khan (late-1960s to early-1980s) and Mark Talbott (mid-1980s to mid-1990s) to be the two greatest players of all time in the hardball game.
Softball champions who also enjoyed notable success on the North American hardball circuit
Azam Khan
Hashim Khan
Jahangir Khan
Mo Khan
Roshan Khan
Well-known recreational players
Donald Rumsfeld
Arlen Specter
References
External links
Article on the history of squash at hickoksports.com
Article on great hardball squash rivalries at squashtalk.com
Squash (sport)
Richard Chappel Parsons (October 10, 1826 – January 9, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio for one term from 1873 to 1875.
Early life and career
Born in New London, Connecticut, Parsons pursued classical studies, and moved to Norwalk, Ohio, in 1845. They studied law, and was admitted to the bar in 1851 and commenced practice at Cleveland, Ohio. They were the law partner of Rufus P. Spalding, a prominent Ohio politician and jurist who would themselves serve three terms in the U.S. House of Representatives.
Parsons was the son-in-law of Samuel Starkweather, who served non-consecutive terms as mayor of Cleveland, Ohio in the mid-1800s.
Early political career
They served as member of the city council in 1852 and 1853 and served as president in 1853.
They served as member of the State house of representatives 1858-1861 and served one term as speaker.
They were appointed consul to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on March 27, 1862, but resigned, effective October 1, 1862.
They served as collector of internal revenue at Cleveland 1862–1866.
President Andrew Johnson offered Parsons the offices of Governor of Montana Territory and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury. They declined both, instead serving as the first Marshal of the Supreme Court of the United States from 1867 to 1872.
Congress
Parsons was elected as a Republican to the Forty-third Congress (March 4, 1873 – March 3, 1875).
They were an unsuccessful Republican candidate for reelection to the Forty-fourth Congress.
Later career
They resumed the practice of law in Cleveland, Ohio. They were editor and part owner with William Perry Fogg of the Cleveland Daily Herald in 1877.
Death
They died in Cleveland, Ohio, January 9, 1899. They were interred in Lake View Cemetery.
References
Sources
1826 births
1899 deaths
Politicians from New London, Connecticut
People from New London, Ohio
Lawyers from Cleveland
Ohio lawyers
Burials at Lake View Cemetery, Cleveland
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
19th-century American newspaper publishers (people)
Cleveland City Council members
19th-century American diplomats
19th-century American journalists
American male journalists
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American male writers
Journalists from Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Marshals of the United States Supreme Court
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Tiruvalluva Maalai (Tamil: திருவள்ளுவ மாலை), literally 'Garland of Valluvar', is an anthology of ancient Tamil paeans containing fifty-five verses each attributed to different poets praising the ancient work of the Kural and its author Valluvar. With the poets' time spanning across centuries starting from around 1st century CE, the collection is believed to have reached its present form by 10th century CE. With the historical details of the ancient philosopher and their work remaining obscure, much of the legend on the Kural and Valluvar as they are known today are chiefly from this work. The collection also reveals the name of the author of the Kural text as 'Valluvar' for the first time, as Valluvar themselves composed the Kural text centuries earlier without indicating their name anywhere in their work. Reminiscing this, E. S. Ariel, a French scholar of the 19th century, famously said of the Tirukkural thus: Ce livre sans nom, par un autre sans nom ("The book without a name by an author without a name").
History and Dating
Traditional account
According to traditional and legendary accounts, after writing the Kural text, Valluvar left for Madurai on the advice of their friends to "triumph over the college of the doctors" at the Madurai College. On the way to Madurai, at Idaykarlyi, they met Avvaiyar I and Idaikkadar and revealed the purpose of their journey and they joined him, too, in their journey to the College of Madurai. Upon reaching the Madurai College, Valluvar submitted their text, calling it Muppāl, before Lord Somasundara, in the hearing of the Pandiyan king and their ministers, chiefs, and scholars. This alarmed the assembly of professors. Legend has it that forty-nine professors "sat as kings of the sweet tongue" on the bench of poets, known as Sanga palagai, by the tank covered with the golden lotus at the Madurai temple. The scholars there were adept at finding errors in the most skillful compositions. This is well known by the account of Nakkirar II, one of the later scholar of the Madurai College lineage who even dared to say to Lord Shiva, "Though you show us your frontal eye, a fault is a fault", on their appearing to favor an amateur poet named Dharumi. The assembly of scholars said to have doubted Valluvar's erudition and said to them that the bench on which they sat will make room for the best treatise in high Tamil, which shall be taken as a sign of acceptance of their work. When Valluvar laid their book thereupon, the seat immediately contracted itself to the size of the work throwing all the professors into the lotus pond. Scrambling out of the water, the forty-nine scholars pronounced a stanza each in praise of Valluvar and their work. Idaikkadar and Avvaiyar, who accompanied Valluvar in the journey, couldn't remain silent and gave their opinion in the form of poetry. With four more verses adding to the corpus, including that by divine elements such as the voices of the Oracle, Naamagal (Goddess Saraswathi), and Iraiyanar (Lord Shiva), the collection came to be known as the Tiruvalluva Maalai or "the garland to Valluvar".
Historical account
As with the date of the Tirukkural and its author itself, the exact date of the composition of the verses of the Tiruvalluva Maalai remains unclear. All the contributors of the Tiruvalluva Maalai pre-date the period of the earliest commentators of the Kural text such as Manakkudavar. Historically, the time of the contributors spans several centuries starting from around 1st century CE. According to S. N. Kandasamy, the work must have been composed no later than 7th and 8th centuries CE. The verses must have been compiled into its present form by around 10th century CE.
The work
Tiruvalluva Maalai is a collection of verses said to have been composed by gods, goddesses and poets of different times, all belonging to the legendary Tamil Sangam at Madurai. A total of 55 poets have composed their encomia in 55 verse in the collection, all written several centuries after the composition of the Kural text. With the exception of Avvaiyar and Idaikkadar, both of whom composed their verses in Kural venpa metre (couplet form), all the 53 poets have written their composition in the Venpa (quatrain) form.
The Tiruvalluva Maalai refers to the Kural text mostly as Muppāl, a name preferred by Valluvar himself. The name appears in 15 different places, including verses 9, 10, 11, 12, 15, 17, 18, 19, 30, 31, 39, 44, 46, 49, and 53, indicating the title of the work.
Following is a sample verse in quatrain from the collection, written by poet Kapilar (c. 1st century CE):
Contributors
Contributors of the Tiruvalluva Maalai include three divine poets and 52 Sangam poets.
Asariri (the Oracle)
Naamagal (Goddess Saraswathi)
Iraiyanar (Lord Shiva)
Ukkira Peruvaluthiyar
Kapilar
Paranar
Nakkirar I
Mamulanar
Kalladar
Seethalai Sathanaar
Marutthuvan Dhamodharanar
Nagan Devanar
Arisil Kilar
Ponmudiyar
Kodhamanar
Naththathanar
Mugaiyalur Sirukarunthumbiyar
Aasiriyar Nallanthuvanar
Keerandhaiyar
Sirumedhaviyar
Nalgur Velviyar
Thoditthalai Viluthandinar
Velliveedhiyar
Mangudi Marudhanar
Ericchalur Malaadanar
Pokkiyaar
Mosikeeranar
Kaari Kannanar
Madurai Tamil Naganar
Baratham Paadiya Perundevanar
Uruthirajenma Kannar
Perunchithiranar
Nariveruvu Thalaiyar
Madurai Tamilaasiriyar Sengunrur Kilar
Madurai Aruvai Vanigan Ilavettanar
Kavisagara Perundevanar
Madurai Perumarudhanar
Kovoor Kilar
Uraiyur Mudhukootthanar
Ilikat Perunkannanar
Seyir Kaviriyar Maganaar Saathanar
Seyalur Kodum Senkannanar
Vannakkan Saathanar
Kalathur Kilar
Nacchumanar
Akkaarakkani Nacchumanar
Nappalatthanar
Kulapathi Nayanar
Thenikkudi Keeranar
Kodi Gyalanmaani Boodhanar
Kowniyanar
Madurai Paalasiriyanar
Alangudi Vanganar
Idaikkadar
Avvaiyar I
Commentaries
There are several commentaries to the Tiruvalluva Maalai, interpreting the meaning of the verses, written over the centuries. The first commentary on the work was written in the 19th century by Tirutthanigai Saravanaperumal Aiyar.
See also
Tirukkural
Glossary of names for the Tirukkural
Citations
References
Further reading
Tirukkural
Ancient India
Tamil Hindu literature
Sunday Rain is an EP by Seirom, independently released on December 24, 2015.
Track listing
Personnel
Adapted from the Sunday Rain liner notes.
Maurice de Jong (as Mories) – vocals, instruments, recording, cover art
Release history
References
External links
Sunday Rain at Bandcamp
2015 EPs
Seirom albums
Brisbane City is the central suburb and central business district of Brisbane, the state capital of Queensland, Australia. It is colloquially referred to as the "Brisbane CBD" or "the city". It is located on a point on the northern bank of the Brisbane River, historically known as Meanjin, Mianjin or Meeanjin in the local Aboriginal Australian dialect. The triangular shaped area is bounded by the median of the Brisbane River to the east, south and west. The point, known at its tip as Gardens Point, slopes upward to the north-west where the city is bounded by parkland and the inner city suburb of Spring Hill to the north. The CBD is bounded to the north-east by the suburb of Fortitude Valley. To the west the CBD is bounded by Petrie Terrace, which in 2010 was reinstated as a suburb (after being made a locality of Brisbane City in the 1970s).
In the the suburb of Brisbane City had a population of 9,460 people.
Geography
The Brisbane central business district is an area of densely concentrated skyscrapers and other buildings, interspersed by several parks such as Roma Street Parklands, City Botanic Gardens and Wickham Park. It occupies an area of 1.367 km2. The city is laid out according to a grid pattern surveyed during the city's early colonial days, a feature typical of most Australian street patterns.
Most central streets are named after members of the House of Hanover. Queen Street (named in honour of Queen Victoria) is Brisbane's traditional main street and contains its largest pedestrian mall, the Queen Street Mall. Streets named after female members (Adelaide, Alice, Ann, Charlotte, Elizabeth, Margaret, and Mary) run parallel to Queen Street and perpendicular to streets named after male members (Albert, Edward, George, and William).
The CBD's squares include King George Square, Post Office Square and ANZAC Square (home to the city's central war memorial).
The Brisbane central business district was built on a spur of the Taylor Range with the highest spot in the suburb being Wickham Terrace. North Quay is an area in the CBD that was a landing point during the first European exploration of the Brisbane River.
Petrie Bight
Petrie Bight is a reach of the Brisbane River (), which gives its name to the small pocket of land centred on the area under the Story Bridge's northern point, around the Brisbane River to Admiralty Towers II. The location was originally known as Petrie Gardens and was an early settlement farm, one of two that provided food for the colony. The site was named after Andrew Petrie and has been the base for water police and in earlier times wharves. The location of Customs House and the preference for wharves was due to site being directly downstream from the central business district.
History
Wharf Street Baptist Church opened at 38 Wharf Street (corner of Adelaide Street, ) on 6 February 1859. It was the first Baptist church to be built in Queensland, the Brisbane congregation having previously met in a range of public buildings since forming in 1855. It was designed in the Early Italianate style and was built by Andrew Petrie. The church was and could accommodate 250 people. The cost was £2000 for the land and building, but part of the cost was covered by donations, e.g. Thomas Blacket Stephens partially donated the land. In 1881, the church was enlarged, but the need for further growth resulted in a decision to build a new church, the City Tabernacle in Wickham Terrace. The Wharf Street church was sold, holding its last service on 5 October 1890 with the tabernacle being dedicated on 9 October 1890. The building is no longer extant. On Tuesday 25 May 2021, a Baptist Historic plaque was placed at the site to commemorate the church.
On 2 April 1860 the Queensland Government opened its first school, the Brisbane National School in Adelaide Street under principal John Rendall with an initial enrolment of 50 boys and 8 girls.
A congregation of the Church of Christ was established on 23 September 1883 in the Brisbane central area. In the late 1890s the congregation purchased 430 Ann Street () to establish their first church, still operating as at 2021 under the name Your Church.
The Brisbane City Library opened in 1965, moving into Brisbane Square in 2006.
In 2010 and 2011, the city centre was damaged by floods.
In the Brisbane City had a population of 9,460 people.
Buildings and precincts
Up until 1964, a Brisbane City Council regulation limited building heights to . Some of the first skyscrapers built in the CBD include the SGIO building (now Suncorp Plaza) in 1970 and AMP Place in 1977.
In the last few decades the number of apartment buildings that have been constructed has increased substantially. Brisbane is home to several of Australia's tallest buildings. Brisbane's tallest buildings are Brisbane Skytower at 270 metres, The One at 264 metres, One William Street at 260 metres, Soleil at 243 metres, Aurora Tower at 207 metres, Riparian Plaza at 200 metres, One One One Eagle Street at 195 metres, and Infinity at 249 metres, which was completed in 2014.
The Brisbane CBD is one of the major business hubs in Australia. The City contains many tall office buildings occupied by organisations, businesses and all three levels of government that have emerged into a number of precincts. The areas around the Queen Street Mall and Adelaide Street is primarily a retail precinct. A legal precinct exists around the various court buildings located around the intersections of George Street and Adelaide and Ann Streets.
The government precinct was an area centred on the Executive Building that includes many Queensland Government offices. 111 George Street, Mineral House, and Education House are also located here. 1 William Street was completed in 2016, now serving the role of the former Executive Building. The Executive Building and Neville Bonner building were demolished for the state's largest infrastructure project. An urban renewal project based around the Queen's Wharf megaproject is under construction along the southern end of William Street, which includes a pedestrian bridge crossing the Riverside Expressway.
Schools
The city is serviced by a number of schools in the surrounding suburbs including the Petrie Terrace State School in Paddington and The Albert Park Flexi School in Petrie Terrace.
Rental prices
Like most other Australian capital cities, Brisbane has experienced dramatic rises in rental prices for residential and office space before the global financial crisis. At the beginning of 2008, the Brisbane central business district contained 1.7 million square metres of office space.
High demand in the office market had pushed vacancy rates in the Brisbane CBD to 0.7% by January 2008, the lowest in Australia. Premium grade office space was even less vacant with an occupancy rate of 99.9%. By the end of 2009 the situation had reversed. In mid 2013 the market for office space had declined to its worst position in two decades with a vacancy rate of just under 13%.
Attractions
Major landmarks and attractions in the CBD include City Hall (including the Museum of Brisbane), the Story Bridge, the Howard Smith Wharves, ANZAC Square, St John's Cathedral, the Brisbane River and its Riverwalk network, the City Botanic Gardens, Roma Street Parkland, Queensland Parliament House, Old Government House and Customs House.
Heritage listings
Brisbane has many heritage-listed sites, including:
a number of properties in Adelaide Street, Brisbane
a number of properties in Albert Street, Brisbane
a number of properties in Alice Street, Brisbane
a number of properties in Ann Street, Brisbane
Boundary Street: Howard Smith Wharves
a number of properties in Charlotte Street, Brisbane
Coronation Drive: Coronation Drive retaining wall
15 Countess Street: Roma Street railway station
a number of properties in Creek Street, Brisbane
118 Eagle Street: Mooney Memorial Fountain
118A Eagle Street: Eagle Street Fig Trees
a number of properties in Edward Street, Brisbane
a number of properties in Elizabeth Street, Brisbane
a number of properties in Margaret Street, Brisbane
20–30 Market Street: Wenley House
a number of properties in Mary Street, Brisbane
a number of properties in North Quay, Brisbane
a number of properties in Queen Street, Brisbane
Skew Street: First Brisbane Burial Ground
Skew Street: William Jolly Bridge
168 Turbot Street: Brisbane Dental Hospital and College
224 Turbot Street: King Edward Park Air Raid Shelter
436 Upper Roma Street: Hellesvere
a number of properties in William Street, Brisbane
Population
In the 2016 Census, there were 9,460 people in Brisbane City. 32.2% of people were born in Australia. The most common countries of birth were China 8.9%, South Korea 8.3%, England 3.7%, Taiwan 3.2% and Brazil 2.8%. 43.7% of people only spoke English at home. Other languages spoken at home included Mandarin 12.3%, Korean 7.7%, Cantonese 3.6%, Spanish 2.9% and Portuguese 2.7%. The most common responses for religion were No Religion 43.0% and Catholic 16.8%.
Transport
By road, four road bridges connect the CBD with the southern bank of the Brisbane River: the Captain Cook Bridge, the Victoria Bridge, the William Jolly Bridge and the Go Between Bridge. The Story Bridge connects Fortitude Valley with Kangaroo Point and provides access to the city from the southern bank. The Captain Cook Bridge connects the Pacific Motorway, south of the river, with the Riverside Expressway which runs along the south western edge of the city. Heading under and bypassing the CBD is the Clem Jones Tunnel. Because on-street car parking is in high demand, parking meters are installed across the inner city.
By bicycle and foot, the Goodwill Bridge allows cross river access to South Bank. The Kurilpa Bridge allows cross river access from North Quay to South Brisbane. Cyclists and pedestrians may also cross while using the Victoria, William Jolly, Go Between and Story road bridges.
The Brisbane central business district is the central hub for all public transport services in Brisbane. Bus services are centred on the Queen Street bus station and King George Square busway station. Suburban train services pass through Central railway station, and Roma Street railway station. Roma Street also serves as the terminus for long distance and country services. The central business district is served by various city ferries. Brisbane's CityCat high speed ferry service, popular with tourists and commuters, operates services along the Brisbane River between the University of Queensland and Northshore Hamilton, stopping at several CBD wharves.
The Brisbane Riverwalk, a pedestrian and cyclist pathway adjoins the central business district along the river bank.
In popular culture
The Brisbane CBD has featured in a number of films, including:
Inspector Gadget 2, the sequel to Inspector Gadget, featured many scenes showing the Brisbane CBD, South Bank and Kangaroo Point.
The Marine, a film featuring John Cena, featured the Golden Triangle district of the CBD, during a scene in which an explosion occurred.
Fool's Gold, a 2008 film featured the CBD primarily the Botanic Gardens throughout the beginning of the film.
One of Jackie Chan's films, Jackie Chan's First Strike, featured the city in many scenes to the end of the film from Fortitude Valley, east of the CBD.
The Brisbane CBD was used in Powderfinger's 2009 music video "All of the Dreamers".
The 2009 vampire film Daybreakers was filmed in Brisbane.
In the 2015 film San Andreas starring Dwayne Johnson, several streets of the CBD were used to portray San Francisco.
In the 2017 film Thor: Ragnarok, Mary Street was used in a scene with Chris Hemsworth and Tom Hiddleston to portray New York City.
See also
List of Brisbane suburbs
References
Further reading
Petrie-Terrace Brisbane 1858–1988 – Its ups and downs, R. Fisher, Boolarong, 1988
External links
Suburbs of the City of Brisbane
Central business districts in Australia
Retail buildings in Queensland
was an officer and ace fighter pilot in the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) during the Second Sino-Japanese War and the Pacific theater of World War II. In aerial combat over China and the Pacific, they were officially credited with destroying 27 enemy aircraft.
Flying ace
Akamatsu was known as a troublemaker and trickster. Many of their air victories were obtained while drunk. Despite this, their supervisors stood behind him, as did their fellow pilots who frequently defended and covered for him. Henry Sakaida confirmed that Akamatsu flew for more than 8,000 flight hours. At the end of the war, Akamatsu flew the Mitsubishi J2M Raiden fighter.
Akamatsu was credited with shooting down 11 enemy aircraft over China in the Second Sino-Japanese War, including four in a single engagement near Nanchang on 25 February 1938. In the opening months of the Pacific War, they served in the Philippines and Dutch East Indies campaigns. From January 1944 until the end of the war, Akamatsu flew out of Atsugi Air Base, defending Tokyo from Allied air attacks.
After the war
After the war, Akamatsu worked as a fish search pilot for the Kōchi Fishery Association and later ran a small cafe in Kōchi. After struggling for years with alcoholism, Akamatsu died of pneumonia on 22 February 1980.
References
Notes
Sources
External links
"Song of Raiden fighter squadron", Nippon News, No. 254. in the official website of NHK.
The Bad Boys
1910 births
1980 deaths
Japanese naval aviators
Japanese World War II flying aces
People from Kōchi Prefecture
Deaths from pneumonia in Japan
Imperial Japanese Navy officers
Sprookjesboom, also known as "The Fairy Tale Tree", "Märchenbaum" and "L'Arbre des Contes", is a computer-animated series for children from the Efteling theme park. The show is produced by the animation studio Motek Entertainment in Amsterdam, based on a concept from Efteling's director, Olaf Vugts. The television program is broadcast daily in several international markets including the Netherlands on TROS and z@ppelin, in Germany on NRW and in Belgium on Ketnet and Club RTL.
Sprookjesboom is similar in theme to DreamWorks' Shrek. It tells the story of the characters that live in the Sprookjesbos, or Fairy Tale Forest, including Cinderella, Little Red Riding Hood, and Tom Thumb. Behind every 5-minute episode is a subtle moral message. Episodes are in Dutch, with some having been translated to German and English. The character animation is based on motion capture performance.
A feature-length film titled Sprookjesboom, de Film was released in 2012 and was awarded the 100th Dutch Gouden Film. The film was based on the characters and stories from the series.
Sprookjesbos
In the Efteling theme park there is a puppet theater in the Sprookjesbos (Fairy Tale Forest) where hand puppets of characters from the series are the heroes. There is also a feature-length live musical show based around the characters which is performed in the park.
In 2008 Efteling began to build an interactive tree in the Sprookjesbos, which was opened in 2010. The old oak sits in the Sprookjesbos, opposite The Little Match Girl. The structure is 9 meters wide and 9 meters high.
Episodes
Film
A 3D feature-length film, titled Sprookjesboom de Film, was released on February 15, 2012 in Belgium, and on February 22 in the Netherlands.
References
External links
Motek Entertainment
Efteling
Dutch children's animated fantasy television series
Computer-animated television series
Films based on amusement park attractions
Hurry On Down is a cassette by the New Zealand musician Alastair Galbraith released in 1988. The first edition was entirely recorded on a Walkman. Most Side A was re-recorded on a 4-track for the second edition released in 1990. Side B was recorded live at 3am at the Regent Theatre 24-hour book sale. Most of the songs were later performed by Plagal Grind. The cover photograph was taken on the St David Street footbridge.
Track listing for the 1st edition
Side A
"Indigo Journeyman"
"Bravely Bravely"
"Receivership"
"Mrs Blücher"
"Iron Tender"
"More Than Magnetic"
"Swallow"
"Mavis Grind"
Side B
"Stormed Port"
"Starless Road"
"River Chasm"
"Portrait Of A Lady"
"I Don´t Get You"
"Many A One Has"
"Yes Jazz Cactus"
"Timebomb"
"Ether"
Track listing for the 2nd edition
Side A
"Indigo Journeyman" - 02:37
"Iron Tender" - 03:56
"Mavis Grind" - 03:15
"Swallow" - 00:53
"Old Screaming Eenie" - 03:13
"Cranes" - 02:36
"Mrs Blücher" - 02:36
"More Than Magnetic" - 01:42
Side B
"Stormed Port" - 01:02
"Starless Road" - 01:57
"River Chasm" - 03:58
"Portrait Of A Lady" - 02:54
"I Don´t Get You" - 02:04
"Many A One Has" - 02:05
"Yes Jazz Cactus" - 01:30
"Timebomb" - 01:59
"Ether" - 03:16
Personnel
Alastair Galbraith (guitar, vocals)
Helga Hunke (accordion)
Graeme Jefferies (guitar) (first edition only)
Robbie Muir (bass guitar) (second edition only)
Bruce Russell (spoken word)
Peter Jefferies (percussion) (second edition only)
References
Alastair Galbraith (musician) albums
1987 albums
Andrew Walker (29 May 1891 – 27 May 1964) was a footballer who played for Dundee and Chelsea. They were a versatile player who played in the midfield and as a forward.
Honours
Chelsea
FA Cup: Runners-Up 1915
References
1891 births
1964 deaths
Association football midfielders
Association football forwards
Scottish footballers
Dundee F.C. players
Chelsea F.C. players
FA Cup Final players
Platyceps josephi is a species of snake discovered in 2021 in Tamil Nadu, India. The species faces a number of threats including habitat destruction due to grasslands in southern Tamil Nadu being converted into plantations, farmlands, and urban areas.
References
josephi
Reptiles described in 2021
Lee Anthony Piché (born May 8, 1958) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. They served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis from 2009 to 2015.
Biography
Early life and education
The eldest of seven children, Lee Piché was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, to LeRoy and Cecilia Piché. They attended Irondale High School in New Brighton, Minnesota and the University of St. Thomas in St. Paul. They studied at St. Paul Seminary in St. Paul, where they obtained a Master of Theology degree.
Ordination and ministry
Piché was ordained into the priesthood for the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis on May 26, 1984. They then served as associate pastor at St. Mark's Parish in St. Paul until 1987, when they joined the faculty of the University of St. Thomas. Piché then furthered their studies at St. Joseph Seminary in Princeton, New Jersey (1987-1988), and at Columbia University in New York City, earning a Master of Philosophy degree in 1994.
From 1994 to 1999, Piché taught undergraduate philosophy at the University of St. Thomas. They served as pastor of St. Joseph Parish in West St. Paul, Minnesota, (1999-2005), and of All Saints Parish in Lakeville, Minnesota (2005-2008). From 2000 to 2008, Piché served as chairperson of the Archdiocesan Commission for Ecumenism and Interreligious Affairs. In June 2008, they were named pastor of St. Andrew Parish in St. Paul as well as vicar general and moderator of the curia for the archdiocese.
Auxiliary Bishop of St. Paul and Minneapolis
On May 27, 2009, Piché was appointed as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis and titular bishop of Tamata by Pope Benedict XVI. They received their episcopal consecration on June 29, 2009, from Archbishop John Nienstedt, with Archbishop Harry Flynn and Bishop John LeVoir serving as co-consecrators, at the Cathedral of St. Paul.
Retirement
The Vatican announced on June 15, 2015, that Pope Francis had accepted Piché's resignation as auxiliary bishop, citing the provision of canon law that allows a bishop to resign when some "grave reason" makes it impossible to continue to fulfill their duties.
See also
Catholic Church hierarchy
Catholic Church in the United States
Historical list of the Catholic bishops of the United States
List of the Catholic bishops of the United States
Lists of patriarchs, archbishops, and bishops
References
External links
Catholic-Hierarchy
Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis
United States Conference of Catholic Bishops
Episcopal succession
1958 births
Living people
21st-century American Roman Catholic titular bishops
Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Saint Paul and Minneapolis
American people of French-Canadian descent
Clergy from Minneapolis
University of St. Thomas (Minnesota) alumni
Saint Paul Seminary School of Divinity alumni
Saint Joseph's Seminary (New Jersey) alumni
University of St. Thomas (Minnesota) faculty
Columbia University alumni
Religious leaders from Minnesota
Bumagin (, from бумага meaning paper) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Bumagina. It may refer to
Alexander Bumagin (born 1987), Russian ice hockey player
Evgeni Bumagin (born 1982), Russian-Kazakhstani ice hockey winger
Russian-language surnames
Mukhin (, from муха meaning fly) is a Russian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Mukhina. It may refer to:
Andrey Mukhin (born 1971), Ukrainian luger
Elena Mukhina (1960–2006), Russian gymnast
Jelena Muhhina (born 1988), Estonian figure skater
Lena Mukhina (1924–1991), Russian writer
Lev Mukhin (1936–1977), Soviet boxer
Nikolay Aleksandrovich Mukhin (born 1955), Russian iconographer and sculptor
Rinat Mukhin (born 1994), Kazakhstani cross-country skier
Vera Mukhina (1889–1953), Soviet sculptor
Yury Mukhin (conspiracy theorist) (born 1949), Russian conspiracy theorist
Yury Mukhin (swimmer) (born 1971), Russian swimmer
See also
Muhhin
Muhin, a Bangladeshi singer
Russian-language surnames
American singer Beyoncé has embarked on seven concert tours during their solo career, five of which have been worldwide, one which has been collaborative, and one just in Europe. Them solo tour debut (whilst on hiatus with Destiny's Child) began in 2003, with the Dangerously in Love Tour. Based predominantly in the United Kingdom, the tour received an unfavorable review from Dave Simpson of The Guardian based on Beyoncé's costumes and a confusion of their core audience at the time. In 2007, they embarked on their first major solo world tour – The Beyoncé Experience, following Destiny's Child's disbandment in 2005. The tour visited five continents and Beyoncé was lauded by music journalism for their simultaneous dancing and singing abilities. Following the release of their 2008 third studio album I Am... Sasha Fierce, Beyoncé embarked on their next world concert venture, the Am... World Tour. They collaborated with Thierry Mugler exclusively for the tour's costumes. The Am... World Tour also marked the first time Beyoncé had performed in South American countries. Beyoncé saw their largest tour to date with 2013-2014's The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour. Grossing US $229,727,960, the 132 date venture was criticised for the name of the tour, as Beyoncé appeared to be letting themselves be known as simply Shawn "Jay-Z" Carter's wife, despite being proclaimed as a "modern-day feminist". The tour itself however was lauded by music critics, who again praised Beyoncé's performance abilities and the more advanced production seen compared to their previous tours.
In 2016 Beyoncé saw their most successful tour to date, The Formation Tour grossing more than U$260.000.000 in just 49 shows.
Beside their solo live performances, Beyoncé has also embarked on two collaborative tours. In 2004, they embarked on The Verizon Ladies First Tour in which they co-headlined with Alicia Keys and Missy Elliott. Beyoncé and Keys were widely regarded as the stars of the North American show, although generally, music critics praised the entire ensemble. In 2014, Beyoncé took part in their second collaborative tour; the On the Run Tour, in which they were co-headlining with their asupervisorstioned husband, Jay-Z. The all-stadium tour that took place predominantly in North America as well as two performances in Paris, France, came after both Beyoncé and Jay-Z had finished their own solo tours. The tour was commended for its extensive theme and cinematic storyline, as well as both performers onstage abilities. It grossed US$109.7 million, ranking as the fifth highest-grossing tour of 2014.
Outside of extensive world tours, Beyoncé has also performed a variety of concert residencies and smaller, promotional tours. 2009's I Am... Yours was carried out amongst the time the Am... World Tour was ongoing. Other residencies include 4 Intimate Nights with Beyoncé, carried out in August 2011 to promote Beyoncé's fourth studio album 4, and 2012's Revel Presents: Beyoncé Live, regarded as their postbirth comeback performance, after giving birth in January 2012. In 2013, Beyoncé headlined the Super Bowl XLVII halftime show, performing a medley of their solo and Destiny's Child recordings (with the latter reuniting on stage for a surprise performance). Generating 110.8 million viewers, the performance is currently the sixth most watched halftime show of all time in the United States, behind Katy Perry, Bruno Mars, Madonna, Coldplay and Lady Gaga. They were featured as a special guest during Coldplay's performance at the show in 2016 along with Bruno Mars.
Tours
Headlining
Co-headlining
Residencies
Concerts and Festivals
Promotional concerts
Music festivals
Live performances
Award show performances
Performances on broadcast shows
Performances at live events
Performances as featured appearance
Footnotes
References
External links
Tour section at Beyoncé official website
Tours of Beyoncé at Live Nation
Beyonce
Nematoceras is a genus of orchids (family Orchidaceae), sometimes known as spider orchids, helmet orchids or spidery helmet-orchids, found mainly in New Zealand and its subantarctic islands, with two species on Australia's Macquarie Island. The genus was originally described in 1853 by Joseph Dalton Hooker who published their description in The botany of the Antarctic voyage of H.M. discovery ships Erebus and Terror. II. Flora Novae-Zelandiae. In 2002 David Jones, Mark Clements and Brian Molloy transferred some species of Corybas to Nematoceras but the move has not been accepted by the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families at Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew.
Species
Nematoceras acuminatum = Corybas acuminatus – dancing spider orchid (New Zealand)
Nematoceras dienemum = Corybas dienemus – windswept helmet orchid (Macquarie Island)
Nematoceras hypogaeum = Corybas trilobus (New Zealand)
Nematoceras iridescens = Corybas iridescens – big red spider orchid (New Zealand)
Nematoceras longipetalum = Corybas rivularis (New Zealand)
Nematoceras macranthum = Corybas macranthus – silver back orchid (New Zealand)
Nematoceras oblongum = Corybas oblongus (New Zealand)
Nematoceras orbiculatum = Corybas orbiculatus (New Zealand)
Nematoceras panduratum = Corybas rivularis (New Zealand)
Nematoceras papa = Corybas papa (New Zealand)
Nematoceras papillosum = Corybas macranthus – silver back orchid (New Zealand)
Nematoceras rivulare = Corybas rivularis (New Zealand)
Nematoceras rotundifolium = Corybas rotundifolius (New Zealand)
Nematoceras sulcatum = Corybas sulcatus – grooved helmet orchid (Macquarie Island)
Nematoceras trilobum = Corybas trilobus (New Zealand)
References
Diurideae genera
Acianthinae
Flora of Australasia
Nidin-Bel (Babylonian cuneiform: Nidin-Bêl) might have been a rebel king of Babylon who in the autumn of 336 BC and/or the winter of 336–335 BC attempted to restore Babylonia as an independent kingdom and end the rule of the Persian Achaemenid Empire in the region. The only known surviving reference which points to there being a ruler by this name in Babylon is the Uruk King List, which records rulers of Babylon from the 7th to 3rd centuries BC. In this list, the rule of Darius III (336–330 BC), the last Achaemenid king, is immediately preceded by a fragmentary reference to Nidin-Bel.
Scholars are divided in how the reference is best interpreted. Several researchers do consider it possible that Nidin-Bel was a historical Babylonian rebel, revolting against Darius III in the chaotic aftermath of Artaxerxes IV's (Darius III's predecessor) fall from power and assassination. If they were a real king, the Uruk King List indicates that Nidin-Bel was a regnal name, possibly assumed by the king to honour the preceding Nebuchadnezzar III, a Babylonian rebel who revolted against the Persians in the 6th century BC. Before assuming the regnal name Nebuchadnezzar, Nebuchadnezzar III's original name was Nidintu-Bêl. The lack of references to Nidin-Bel outside of the Uruk King List might be due to their revolt being defeated quickly by Darius III.
Some researchers dispute the existence of a Babylonian rebel in the 4th century BC. It has been suggested that Nidin-Bel was the regnal name of Artaxerxes IV in Babylonia but this seems unlikely as no other Mesopotamian documents refer to Artaxerxes by that name and due to the name being similar to Nidintu-Bêl, the name of a rebel and pretender. It is also possible that the name is a scribal error, intended to refer to Nebuchadnezzar III but misplaced in the chronology of kings by the scribes that made the list. It is possible that another tablet, the Alexander Chronicle, also references Nidin-Bel, but the relevant line of text is badly damaged.
Background
The Neo-Babylonian Empire, the last great Mesopotamian empire to be ruled by monarchs native to Mesopotamia itself and the final and most spectacular era in Babylonian history, was ended through the conquest of Babylon by the Persian Achaemenid Empire under Cyrus the Great in 539 BC. After its conquest, Babylon would never again rise to become the single capital of an independent kingdom, much less a great empire. The city, owing to its prestigious and ancient history, continued to be an important site, however, with a large population, defensible walls and a functioning local cult for centuries. Though the city did become one of the Achaemenid Empire's capitals (alongside Pasargadae, Ecbatana and Susa), retaining some importance through not being relegated to just a provincial city, the Persian conquest introduced a ruling class which was not absorbed by the native Babylonian culture, instead maintaining their own additional political centers outside of Mesopotamia. Since the new rulers did not rely on Babylon's significance for their continued rule, the city's prestige had been irreversibly diminished.
Throughout the period of Persian rule over Babylonia, the Babylonians came to resent their new overlords. The Persian kings had capitals elsewhere in their empire, rarely partook in Babylon's traditional rituals (meaning that these rituals could not be celebrated in their traditional form since the presence of the king was typically required) and rarely performed their traditional duties to the Babylonian cults through the construction of temples and giving of cultic gifts to the city's gods. As such, the Babylonians might have interpreted them as failing in their duties as kings and thus not having the necessary divine endorsement to be considered true kings of Babylon. In response to this, Babylon revolted several times against Persian rule in an attempt to regain its independence, though known revolts (with the possible exception of Nidin-Bel's revolt) are restricted to the early Persian period. The Persian king Darius I (522–486 BC) faced the rebellions of Nebuchadnezzar III (522 BC) and Nebuchadnezzar IV (521 BC), both of whom claimed to be sons of Nabonidus, Babylon's last independent king. Darius I's son and successor, Xerxes I (486–465 BC), also faced two Babylonian revolts, two contemporary uprisings in 484 BC led by the rebels Bel-shimanni and Shamash-eriba. The revolts against Xerxes in particular led the Persians to incur retribution on the Babylonians. Notably, Xerxes divided the previously large Babylonian satrapy (before accounting for most of the Neo-Babylonian Empire's territory) into smaller sub-units and enacted some form of targeted revenge on Babylonia's most prominent families, whose preserved archival records all end in 484 BC. According to ancient writers such as the Greek historian Herodotus, Xerxes destroyed Babylon's fortifications and damaged the temples in the city.
Historical evidence
In ancient Mesopotamia, king lists were used to recount the sequences of kings and record how long each king ruled. Structure and the level of detail (some lists, for instance, provided genealogical information) varied from list to list and purposes were often not only historiographical, but also political. For instance, Assyrian king lists typically recorded the genealogy of the Assyrian kings in great detail as connection to the royal bloodline granted the Assyrian ruler their legitimacy. Though considerably rarer than during previous periods, there are surviving examples of Mesopotamian king lists written in the centuries after the fall of the Neo-Babylonian Empire. The foremost example of a list in regards to the Persian period is the Uruk King List (IM 65066, also known as King List 5), which records rulers of Babylon from Shamash-shum-ukin (668–648 BC) to the Seleucid king Seleucus II Callinicus (246–225 BC). The tablet containing the list is fragmentary; only recording the first three Persian rulers (Cyrus, Cambyses and Darius I) before breaking off, with surviving fragments not resuming until the line that records Darius III (336–330 BC). Darius III's line is immediately preceded by a damaged line of text which can be read as "[... ša M]U šá-nu-ú mNi-din-dE[N]", restored and translated as "[royal name] [whose] second name (is) Nidin-dBêl". The damaged line in the Uruk King List is the only known surviving reference to a king by the name Nidin-Bel.
The tablet BCHP 1 (alternatively BM 36304 or ABC 8, known as the Alexander Chronicle) was written in Babylon during the Hellenistic period (after Alexander the Great's conquest of the Persian Empire) and records events from the reigns of Darius III and Alexander. The tablet is badly damaged, but the fragmentary line 14 (the meaning of which is unclear on account of it being incomplete) ends with "[...]-Bêl, their son, to the office of satrap". Jona Lendering believes that this figure, whose name ended with "-Bêl" might be Nidin-Bel. Names ending in "-Bêl" were not rare in Babylonia, however, with several hundred individuals with the suffix being recorded from the preceding Neo-Babylonian period alone.
Interpretation and speculation
Darius III's predecessor as Persian ruler was Artaxerxes IV (also known as Arses, 338–336 BC). Johannes J.A. van Dijk suggested in 1962 that Nidin-Bêl was the regnal name used by Artaxerxes IV in Babylonia, but this hypothesis cannot be substantiated since no other sources in Akkadian refer to them by that name. Several researchers, including A. Leo Oppenheim, Matthew Stolper and Yazdan Safaee have concluded that Nidin-Bêl being the Babylonian regnal name of Artaxerxes is unlikely. Oppenheim noted that it is made especially unlikely since the name closely resembles Nidintu-Bêl, the original name of the 6th-century anti-Persian Babylonian rebel Nebuchadnezzar III.
If Nidin-Bel was not Artaxerxes IV, it is thus possible that they were a native Babylonian rebel. Oppenheim considered it to be "quite possible" that the line in the Uruk King List was "evidence for another Babylonian usurper of Achaemenian rule whose short reign preceded that of Darius III". A. B. Bosworth, author of a 1988 history of the reign of Alexander the Great, wrote that Nidin-Bel being a Babylonian rebel king revolting against Darius III was a "strong possibility". Stolper noted in that it was possible that Nidin-Bel might have been "an otherwise unrecorded local usurper who claimed power in Babylon during the unstable period of the assassinations that brought Darius III to the throne" but also noted that it was possible that Nidin-Bel was the same person as Nebuchadnezzar III, misplaced in the chronology of kings by later scribes. Amélie Kuhrt wrote in 2007 that there was no evidence to support the existence of Nidin-Bel as a rebel during the reign of Darius III and that a scribal error might be a more likely explanation. The rebels from the reign of Darius I, Nebuchadnezzar III and Nebuchadnezzar IV, are conspicuously absent in the Uruk King List; Kuhrt considered it plausible that the name Nidin-Bêl might thus simply have been associated with the wrong Darius by the scribes who made the list. Safaee did not consider this conclusion satisfactory, noting that the lack of evidence of Nidin-Bel beyond the Uruk King List could be attributed to the unstable political situation at the time and that Darius III might have quickly crushed the rebel soon after consolidating their rule, so that no traces of the revolt were left in other sources.
Artaxerxes IV was assassinated in 336 BC, which caused the empire to undergo a period of chaos. This tumultuous transition of power from Artaxerxes IV to Darius III does leave sufficient room for a short-lived Babylonian revolt and there were more well-recorded contemporary uprisings in the Persian Empire; notably, Egypt was in open revolt under Pharaoh Khabash. Darius III themselves was originally the satrap of Armenia, gaining the throne after having been in open revolt against Artaxerxes IV. Nidin-Bel's potential rule of Babylon can be dated by the information in the king list. The king lists accords Darius III a reign of five years, which must refer to 335/334–331/330 BC. As Darius III was in control of the city in 335 BC, Nidin-Bel's revolt and brief rule over Babylon, if historical, must have taken place in the autumn of 336 BC and/or in the subsequent winter of 336/335 BC.
As the text of the king list indicates ("whose second name is..."), Nidin-Bêl appears to have been a assumed regnal name and it may be a corrupted or colloquial form of Nidintu-Bêl. If Nidin-Bel was a real Babylonian rebel, they might have assumed the name in honour of Nebuchadnezzar III's anti-Persian rebellion nearly two hundred years prior. Safaee interpreted the name choice as the rebel indicating that they intended to finish the work of their ancient predecessor in overthrowing Persian rule of Babylonia. If this is the case, Nidin-Bel followed in their predecessor's footsteps through choosing a name with historical significance (the original Nidintu-Bêl having chosen the regnal name Nebuchadnezzar).
Notes
References
Cited bibliography
Cited web sources
Babylonian kings
4th-century BC Babylonian kings
Rebellions against the Achaemenid Empire
Elias Menachem Stein (January 13, 1931 – December 23, 2018) was an American mathematician who was a leading figure in the field of harmonic analysis. They were the Albert Baldwin Dod Professor of Mathematics, Emeritus, at Princeton University, where they were a faculty member from 1963 until their death in 2018.
Biography
Stein was born in Antwerp Belgium, to Elkan Stein and Chana Goldman, Ashkenazi Jews from Belgium. After the German invasion in 1940, the Stein family fled to the United States, first arriving in New York City. They graduated from Stuyvesant High School in 1949, where they were classmates with future Fields Medalist Paul Cohen, before moving on to the University of Chicago for college. In 1955, Stein earned a Ph.D. from the University of Chicago under the direction of Antoni Zygmund. They began teaching at MIT in 1955, moved to the University of Chicago in 1958 as an assistant professor, and in 1963 became a full professor at Princeton.
Stein worked primarily in the field of harmonic analysis, and made contributions in both extending and clarifying Calderón–Zygmund theory. These include Stein interpolation (a variable-parameter version of complex interpolation), the Stein maximal principle (showing that under many circumstances, almost everywhere convergence is equivalent to the boundedness of
a maximal function), Stein complementary series representations, Nikishin–Pisier–Stein factorization in operator theory, the Tomas–Stein restriction theorem in Fourier analysis, the Kunze–Stein phenomenon in convolution on semisimple groups, the Cotlar–Stein lemma concerning the sum of almost orthogonal operators, and the Fefferman–Stein theory of the Hardy space and the space of functions of bounded mean oscillation.
They wrote numerous books on harmonic analysis (see e.g. [1,3,5]), which are often cited as the standard references on the subject. Their Princeton Lectures in Analysis series [6,7,8,9] were penned for their sequence of undergraduate courses on analysis at Princeton. Stein was also noted as having trained a high number of graduate students (he has had at least 52 students, according to the Mathematics Genealogy Project), so shaping modern Fourier analysis. They include two Fields medalists, Charles Fefferman and Terence Tao.
Their honors included the Steele Prize (1984 and 2002), the Schock Prize in Mathematics (1993), the Wolf Prize in Mathematics (1999), and the National Medal of Science (2001). In addition, they had fellowships to National Science Foundation, Sloan Foundation, Guggenheim Foundation, and National Academy of Sciences. Stein was elected as a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1982. In 2005, Stein was awarded the Stefan Bergman prize in recognition of their contributions in real, complex, and harmonic analysis. In 2012 they became a fellow of the American Mathematical Society.
Personal life
In 1959, they married Elly Intrator, a former Jewish refugee during World War II. They had two children, Karen Stein and Jeremy C. Stein, and grandchildren named Alison, Jason, and Carolyn. Their son Jeremy is a professor of financial economics at Harvard, former adviser to Tim Geithner and Lawrence Summers, and served on the Federal Reserve Board of Governors from 2012 to 2014. Elias Stein died of complications of lymphoma in 2018, aged 87.
Bibliography
2011 reprint
2010 reprint
2009 reprint
Notes
References
External links
Citation for Elias Stein for the 2002 Steele prize for lifetime achievement
Elias Stein Curriculum Vitae
– Extended video interview.
1931 births
2018 deaths
20th-century American mathematicians
21st-century American mathematicians
American people of Belgian-Jewish descent
Belgian emigrants to the United States
Belgian Jews
Fellows of the American Mathematical Society
Harmonic analysis
Jewish American scientists
Mathematicians from New York (state)
Mathematical analysts
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
National Medal of Science laureates
Princeton University faculty
Rolf Schock Prize laureates
Stuyvesant High School alumni
University of Chicago alumni
Wolf Prize in Mathematics laureates
Lord Longyang () was the favorite and lover of an unknown king of Wei, often speculated to be either King Anxi or King Jia, during the Warring States period of the Zhou dynasty. Little is known about them outside of their relationship with the king.
Story
The story of Lord Longyang is recorded in the Records of the Warring States (traditional Chinese: 戰國策; simplified Chinese: 战国策; pinyin: Zhanguo ce) in a section called "Records of Wei" (traditional Chinese: 魏策; simplified Chinese: 魏策; pinyin: Wei ce), and does not appear in any other sources. The Records of the Warring States is generally considered a work of history. In it, Lord Longyang and the king are in a fishing boat together when Longyang begins to cry. After the king pressures them to say why they are crying, Longyang reveals that they are afraid that the king will be tempted by other, more beautiful men, and lose interest in him. The king then forbids anyone to mention other beauties in their presence under penalty of death. As a result of their status as a favorite of the king, Lord Longyang was given a small fief and a feudal title. Their story took place sometime between 276 and 243 BCE, and is the second account of a male same-sex relationship in Chinese historical records.
Influence
In their book Passions of the Cut Sleeve: The Male Homosexual Tradition in China, Bret Hinsch writes that the story of Lord Longyang serves as an example of both the sexual opportunism and openness of homosexuality in Zhou dynasty courts.
The story of Lord Longyang also influenced later Chinese literature. In the poetry of Ruan Ji, Lord Longyang is used, along with Anling, to figuratively evoke male beauty and love between men, and specifically royal favor. The 1632 book The Forgotten Tales of Longyang or The Forgotten Stories of Longyang (traditional Chinese: 龍陽逸史; simplified Chinese: 龍陽逸史; pinyin: Longyang yishi) tells twenty stories of male same-sex prostitution in the late Ming dynasty. In it, the author, known by the nom de plume "Jingjiang's besotted with bamboo recluse," uses the story of Lord Longyang to evoke an earlier golden age characterized by feeling; this is juxtaposed with the stories and characters in the collection. The prologue of the late Ming dynasty collection The Rocks Nod Their Heads (traditional Chinese: 石點頭; simplified Chinese: 石点头; pinyin: Shi dian tou) references the story of Lord Longyang, among others, to argue that sexual relationships between men were normal because they had existed since antiquity. In the Ming and Qing collection The Cut Sleeve (a section of the Encyclopedia of Love) the story "Wan the Student," in which Wan falls in love with another male student, Lord Longyang is used (along with Anling) to refer to homosexuality.
The word longyang is also used in China to euphemistically refer to gay men, and has been through much of Chinese history, serving as a common classical literary term for male homosexuality. Longyang is also sometimes translated as "catamite," or used to refer specifically to the passive partner in intercourse. The phrase longyang pi (traditional Chinese: 龍陽癖; simplified Chinese: 龙阳癖) or "passion of Longyang" refers to male same-sex attraction or passion.
References
Ancient LGBT people
LGBT people from China
3rd-century BC Chinese people
Xenosoma geometrina is a moth in the Arctiidae family and subfamily Arctiinae first described by William Schaus in 1910. It is found in Costa Rica.
References
Arctiinae
Diving disorders are medical conditions specifically arising from underwater diving. The signs and symptoms of these may present during a dive, on surfacing, or up to several hours after a dive. Divers have to breathe a gas which is at the same pressure as their surroundings (ambient pressure), which can be much greater than on the surface. The ambient pressure underwater increases by for every of depth.
The principal conditions are decompression illness (which covers decompression sickness and arterial gas embolism), nitrogen narcosis, high pressure nervous syndrome, oxygen toxicity, and pulmonary barotrauma (burst lung). Although some of these may occur in other settings, they are of particular concern during diving activities.
The disorders are caused by breathing gas at the high pressures encountered at depth, and divers will often breathe a gas mixture different from air to mitigate these effects. Nitrox, which contains more oxygen and less nitrogen, is commonly used as a breathing gas to reduce the risk of decompression sickness at recreational depths (up to about ). Helium may be added to reduce the amount of nitrogen and oxygen in the gas mixture when diving deeper, to reduce the effects of narcosis and to avoid the risk of oxygen toxicity. This is complicated at depths beyond about , because a helium–oxygen mixture (heliox) then causes high pressure nervous syndrome. More exotic mixtures such as hydreliox, a hydrogen–helium–oxygen mixture, are used at extreme depths to counteract this.
Decompression sickness
Decompression sickness (DCS) occurs when gas, which has been breathed under high pressure and dissolved into the body tissues, forms bubbles as the pressure is reduced on ascent from a dive. The results may range from pain in the joints where the bubbles form to blockage of an artery leading to damage to the nervous system, paralysis or death. While bubbles can form anywhere in the body, DCS is most frequently observed in the shoulders, elbows, knees, and ankles. Joint pain occurs in about 90% of DCS cases reported to the U.S. Navy, with neurological symptoms and skin manifestations each present in 10% to 15% of cases. Pulmonary DCS is very rare in divers. The table below classifies the effects by affected organ and bubble location.
Arterial gas embolism and pulmonary barotrauma
If the compressed air in a diver's lungs cannot freely escape during an ascent, particularly a rapid one, then the lung tissues may rupture, causing pulmonary barotrauma (PBT). The air may then enter the arterial circulation producing arterial gas embolism (AGE), with effects similar to severe decompression sickness. Although AGE may occur as a result of other causes, it is most often secondary to PBT. AGE is the second most common cause of death while diving (drowning being the most common stated cause of death). Gas bubbles within the arterial circulation can block the supply of blood to any part of the body, including the brain, and can therefore manifest a vast variety of symptoms. The following table presents those signs and symptoms which have been observed in more than ten percent of cases diagnosed as AGE, with approximate estimates of frequency.
Other conditions that can be caused by pulmonary barotrauma include pneumothorax, mediastinal emphysema and interstitial emphysema.
Nitrogen narcosis
Nitrogen narcosis is caused by the pressure of dissolved gas in the body and produces impairment to the nervous system. This results in alteration to thought processes and a decrease in the diver's ability to make judgements or calculations. It can also decrease motor skills, and worsen performance in tasks requiring manual dexterity. As depth increases, so does the pressure and hence the severity of the narcosis. The effects may vary widely from individual to individual, and from day to day for the same diver. Because of the perception-altering effects of narcosis, a diver may not be aware of the symptoms, but studies have shown that impairment occurs nevertheless. Since the choice of breathing gas also affects the depth at which narcosis occurs, the table below represents typical manifestations when breathing air.
High pressure nervous syndrome
Helium is the least narcotic of all gases, and divers may use breathing mixtures containing a proportion of helium for dives exceeding about deep. In the 1960s it was expected that helium narcosis would begin to become apparent at depths of . However, it was found that different symptoms, such as tremors, occurred at shallower depths around . This became known as high pressure nervous syndrome, and its effects are found to result from both the absolute depth and the speed of descent. Although the effects vary from person to person, they are stable and reproducible for each individual; the list below summarises the symptoms observed underwater and in studies using simulated dives in the dry, using recompression chambers and electroencephalography (EEG) monitors.
Oxygen toxicity
Although oxygen is essential to life, in concentrations greater than normal it becomes toxic, overcoming the body's natural defences (antioxidants), and causing cell death in any part of the body. The lungs and brain are particularly affected by high partial pressures of oxygen, such as are encountered in diving. The body can tolerate partial pressures of oxygen around indefinitely, and up to for many hours, but higher partial pressures rapidly increase the chance of the most dangerous effect of oxygen toxicity, a convulsion resembling an epileptic seizure. Susceptibility to oxygen toxicity varies dramatically from person to person, and to a much smaller extent from day to day for the same diver. Prior to convulsion, several symptoms may be present – most distinctly that of an aura.
During 1942 and 1943, Professor Kenneth W Donald, working at the Admiralty Experimental Diving Unit, carried out over 2,000 experiments on divers to examine the effects of oxygen toxicity. To date, no comparable series of studies has been performed. In one seminal experiment, Donald exposed 36 healthy divers to of oxygen in a chamber, equivalent to breathing pure oxygen at a depth of , and recorded the time of onset of various signs and symptoms. Five of the subjects convulsed, and the others recovered when returned to normal pressure following the appearance of acute symptoms. The table below summarises the results for the relative frequency of the symptoms, and the earliest and latest time of onset, as observed by Donald. The wide variety of symptoms and large variability of onset between individuals typical of oxygen toxicity are clearly illustrated.
Note
References
Further reading
Diving medicine
Tianyou (天祐) was a Chinese era name used by several emperors of China. It may refer to:
Tianyou (904–907), era name used by Emperor Ai of Tang, later continued by various warlords after the fall of Tang in 907 (in particular, used until 919 in Wu (Ten Kingdoms))
Tianyou (?–1094), era name used by Duan Zhengming, emperor of Dali
Tianyou (1354–1357), era name used by Zhang Shicheng
Aripharnes (fl. 310–309 BC) or Arypharnasha the Thataean was ruler of the Sarmatian tribe of Siraces and took part in the First Bosporan Civil War of 310-309 between king Satyros II and their brother Eumelos, a pretender to the throne.
At first, all three claimants to the throne, Satyros, Prytanis, and Eumelos sought Aripharnes to back them to the throne. Aripharnes then ordered each of the lads to hurl a javelin into their father's corpse. Satyros and Prytanis did so, but Eumelos refused. There, Aripharnes proclaimed Eumelos "King of the Cimmerians". They and Eumelos fought Satyrus at the Battle of River Thatis, but they were defeated by the numerically inferior Satyric army. Afterward, they retreated with Eumelos to their settlement Siracena.
The settlement was besieged by Satyros and after a lengthy siege, they were mortally wounded. Meniscus, the mercenary captain in charge of Satyros's mercenaries, broke off the siege and took the body of Satyros to Panticapaeum for a royal burial. After this war, Aripharnes is no longer mentioned during Eumelos's later campaigns as king of the Bosporus.
References
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
Sarmatian rulers
Gerald Di Pego (born July 22, 1941) is an American screenwriter and producer.
Feature film screenplays
W (also known as I Want Them Dead), Cinerama, 1974
Sharky's Machine, Orion, 1981
Phenomenon, Buena Vista, 1996
Message in a Bottle, Warner Bros., 1999
Instinct, Buena Vista, 1999
Angel Eyes, Warner Bros., 2001
The Forgotten, Sony Pictures, 2004
Little Murder, Mind in Motion, 2011
Words and Pictures, Roadside Attractions, 2013
Television screenplays
The Astronaut, ABC, 1972
Short Walk to Daylight (also known as The Night the Earth Shook), ABC, 1972
You'll Never See Me Again, ABC, 1973
Runaway! (also known as The Runaway Train), ABC, 1973
I Heard the Owl Call My Name, CBS, 1973
The Stranger Who Looks Like Me, ABC, 1974
Born Innocent, NBC, 1974
The Four Feathers, NBC, 1978
A Family Upside Down, NBC, 1978
Freedom Fighter, NBC, 1988
The Trial of the Incredible Hulk, NBC, 1989
Murder in Paradise, NBC, 1990
The Death of the Incredible Hulk, NBC, 1990
A Mom for Christmas, NBC, 1990
Keeper of the City (based on their novel of the same title), Showtime, 1991
Miracle Child, NBC, 1993
One More Mountain, ABC, 1994
A Silent Betrayal, CBS, 1994
The Forget-Me-Not Murders (also known as Janek: The Forget-Me-Not Murders), CBS, 1994
The Little Riders, The Disney Channel, 1996
Keeping the Promise, CBS, 1997
A Nightmare Come True, CBS, 1997
Tempting Fate, ABC, 1998
Phenomenon II, ABC, 2002
Television producer
The Sheriff and the Astronaut (pilot), CBS, 1984
Generation (pilot), ABC, 1985
The Trial of the Incredible Hulk (movie), NBC, 1989
References
External links
1941 births
American male screenwriters
American television writers
Living people
American film producers
American male television writers
Threadbanger is an American YouTube channel run by Rob Czar and Corinne Leigh producing primarily DIY and crafting content. The channel is known for such series as Man vs. Pin, Corinne vs. Pin, Man vs. House, and the YouTube Red series Do or DIY.
Czar and Leigh were honorees during the 2009 Webby awards for the How-To, Explainer & DIY category. Along with being the nominees during the 2008, 2009, and 2015 Webbys. During the 2017 Webbys, Threadbanger won the People's Voice category for best web personality.
History
Threadbanger launched in 2008. The channel began with content centred around sewing but later shifted to focus on broader DIY series such as Man vs. Pin and Corinne vs. Pin. Threadbanger reached one million subscribers in 2015.
Threadbanger began posting videos as part of the Man vs. House series in late 2017. The series followed Czar and Leigh refurbishing and renovating an older house. Man vs. House was sponsored by Lowe's. In May 2018, Threadbanger launched the YouTube Red series Do or DIY.
In 2019, Czar was declared medically deceased after suffering a heart attack. They were revived and subsequently diagnosed with the autoimmune disease, granulomatosis with polyangiitis. Czar's health issues caused the Threadbanger to take a break from posting videos. Threadbanger returned to posting videos on August 3, 2019 with the video "I DIED....but", which recounted Czar's health issues for the YouTube audience.
As of October 2019, Threadbanger had 4 million subscribers.
Awards
References
English-language YouTube channels
YouTube channels launched in 2008
DIY YouTubers
American YouTubers
Webby Award winners
A Commonwealth XI cricket team visited Pakistan from February to April 1968 and played eight first-class matches including three four-day matches against Pakistan. The Commonwealth XI won three matches and lost two, with the other three matches ending in draws. Pakistan won the four-day series with a victory in the opening games followed by two draws.
Captained by Richie Benaud, the Commonwealth team consisted of Roger Prideaux, Mushtaq Mohammad, Tony Lewis, Don Shepherd, Peter Walker, John Murray, David Allen, Mike Edwards, Brian Luckhurst, John Hampshire, Peter Marner, Ken Shuttleworth and Keith Boyce. Benaud was not available for the early matches and Prideaux, as vice-captain, and Lewis deputised for him.
References
1968 in Pakistani cricket
Multi-national cricket tours of Pakistan
Pakistani cricket seasons from 1947–48 to 1969–70
International cricket competitions from 1960–61 to 1970
In enzymology, a methionine racemase () is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
L-methionine D-methionine
Hence, this enzyme has one substrate, L-methionine, and one product, D-methionine.
This enzyme belongs to the family of isomerases, specifically those racemases and epimerases acting on amino acids and derivatives. The systematic name of this enzyme class is methionine racemase. It employs one cofactor, pyridoxal phosphate.
References
EC 5.1.1
Pyridoxal phosphate enzymes
Enzymes of unknown structure
Ice Age 2: The Meltdown (also known as Ice Age 2 in Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS versions) is a 2006 video game published by Vivendi Universal Games. It is based on the film of the same name. Unlike its Game Boy Advance-exclusive predecessor, Ice Age, Meltdown was a multiplatform release, available on Microsoft Windows, all major sixth-generation platforms and both seventh-generation Nintendo platforms, with the Wii port being a launch title in Europe.
Gameplay
In the console versions, the player takes control of Scrat throughout the game and help guide them through each level, the player must also collect acorns and nuts and get to the end of the levels. Several animals would also help Scrat throughout their adventure, they would occasionally ally themselves with some of the main characters throughout the game, the player will also occasionally take control as either Manny, Sid, or Diego in several bonus stages.
In the Game Boy Advance version, the player takes control of Sid, Manny and Diego as they help them try to escape the flood by guiding them through six puzzle levels. The player also has to help Scrat get loads of acorns in the special "Scrat Rush" levels.
Plot
The game generally follows the protagonist, a woolly mammoth named Manny, and their friends and family.
Reception
The game received "mixed or average" reviews from critics. Metacritic gave the Wii version of the game a mixed or average score of 66 out of 100, based on nine reviews. The PlayStation 2 version received a score of 68 out of 100, based on nineteen reviews. The GameCube version received a score of 67 out of 100, based on nine reviews. The Xbox version received a score of 68 out of 100, based on sixteen reviews.
GameSpot gave the Wii version a 7 out of 10 saying that the game is a fun engaging platformer that ought to appeal to multiple audiences but criticizing it for its brevity saying that it takes no more than a few hours to complete, while the GameCube and Xbox versions received a 7.3 out of 10, writing, "A kid-friendly platformer with more heart than your average film-to-game marketing tie-in, Ice Age 2 can be quite fun--for as long as it lasts".
Notes
References
External links
Ice Age 2: The Meltdown at Eurocom
2006 video games
Sierra Entertainment games
Wii games
GameCube games
Windows games
Xbox games
PlayStation 2 games
Game Boy Advance games
Minigame compilations
Nintendo DS games
Video games based on films
Video games developed in the United Kingdom
Video games set in prehistory
Ice Age (franchise) games
Blue Sky Studios video games
Eurocom games
Single-player video games
Platform games
Action-adventure games
Video games scored by Jim Croft
Video games developed in the United States
Amaze Entertainment games
The Roman–Bosporan War was a lengthy war of succession that took place in the Cimmerian Bosporus, probably from 45 to 49. It was fought between the Roman client-king Tiberius Julius Cotys I and their allies King Eunones of the Aorsi and the Roman commander Gaius Julius Aquila against the former king Tiberius Julius Mithridates and their ally King Zorsines of the Siraces.
Sources and dating
Sources that mention the conflict include Tacitus's Annals (Book 12, chapter 7), Cassius Dio's Roman History (Book 59, chapter 12), and Peter the Patrician's History. Coins found from the period are important in helping to date the events. The commonly provided dates for the war are 45 to 49, because the oldest coin found featuring the monogram of Cotys has the date 342 Bosporan era (AB), which corresponds to 45 Common Era (CE), and Tacitus relates that Mithridates arrived in Rome in 49 CE after having been driven from the Bosporus.
Prelude
Mithridates III and Cotys I were sons of Aspurgus and Gepaepyris who were rulers of the Bosporan Kingdom. After the death of their father in 38, Mithridates III became joint-ruler with their mother Gepaepyris, and sometime between 38 and 45, Roman Emperor Claudius made them ruler of all of the Bosporan Kingdom. In 45, for reasons unknown, Claudius deposed Mithridates and made their younger brother, Cotys I, ruler of the Bosporan Kingdom. At the same time, Claudius withdrew the Roman garrison under Aulus Didius Gallus leaving only a few cohorts under Gaius Julius Aquila.
In response, Mithridates III allied themselves with the neighbouring tribes, most notably with the Siraces under Zorsines and they were able to raise an army and push out the king of the Dandaridae and establish themselves in that king's dominions. They then declared war against their brother and the Roman cohorts under Aquila.
When Cotys heard of this, they turned to Gaius Julius Aquila and their Roman cohorts to help them fight off their elder brother. Cotys and Aquila feared that Mithridates's army was larger, and enlisted the help of Eunones, who was at the time ruler of the Aorsi. Eunones quickly sided with the Pro-Roman faction, as Aquila pointed out the strength of Rome to that of Mithridates.
Conflict and defeat
The Romans began to lay siege to towns under the dominion of Mithridates such as Artezian, a fortress in Crimea while the Aorsi under Eunones laid siege to the fortified settlement of Uspe under Zorsines.
After crossing the river Panda, Eunones lay siege to Uspe, which was a weakly-protected fortified city of the Siraces. The settlement had weak defences and was not able to withstand an attack. The Aorsi constructed towers to "annoy" the people of Uspe with darts and arrows. Throughout the siege, the town offered them 10,000 slaves, an offer which the Romans travelling with the Aorsi declined, as they were too rebellious to keep in check. Within a day Zorsines made peace with their enemies to end the siege of Uspe.
Meanwhile, Aquila and their cohorts were attacking the towns of Mithridates. Upon hearing that Zorsines had made peace with their enemies, Mithridates realised that they were losing and considered to whom they should seek mercy. They turned to Eunones, the only one of their enemies that was not in the conflict for personal benefit. Mithridates went to Eunones's palace and threw themselves at the ruler's feet and said "Mithridates, whom the Romans have sought so many years by land and sea, stands before you by their own choice. Deal as you please with the descendant of the great Achaemenes, the only glory of which enemies have not robbed me." This act of greatly affected Eunones, and they raised the former ruler and was pleased that Mithridates had chosen the Aorsi to help them sue for mercy with Rome.
Aftermath
After sending envoys to Claudius, Mithridates pleaded mercy in front of the Roman Emperor himself. Claudius deemed Mithridates's actions deserving of extreme penalties. However, Mithridates said that "I have not been sent, but have come back to you; if you do not believe me, let me go and pursue me" Claudius was impressed by the good-will of Mithridates, and let them live.
See also
Siraces
Aorsi
Roman Crimea
Bosporan Kingdom
Claudius
References
Sources
Tacitus, Annals (Book 12, chapter 7)
Cassius Dio, Roman History (Book 59, chapter 12)
Peter the Patrician, History
Wars involving the Roman Empire
Wars of succession involving the states and peoples of Europe
Wars of the Bosporan Kingdom
40s conflicts
Liu Li (born 12 March 1971) is a retired Chinese middle-distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.
International competitions
References
1971 births
Living people
Chinese female middle-distance runners
Athletes (track and field) at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Olympic athletes of China
Asian Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
World Athletics Championships athletes for China
Athletes (track and field) at the 1994 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for China
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Sunday Light () is a 2007 Spanish film directed by José Luis Garci and starring Álex González, Paula Echevarría and Alfredo Landa. The plot, set in rural Asturias in the early 20th-century, is based on a novel by Ramón Pérez de Ayala.
Plot
In early 20th-century Spain, Urbano, an idealistic liberal young man arrives in Cenciella, a small village, to be a secretary at the town hall. Urbano falls in love with Estrella, the daughter of a local landowner Joaco. Politically, the town is split in two, with the forces of evil repped by mayor Atila. Urbano tries to remain neutral but their intentions would be brutally punished.
The Sunday prior to their wedding to Estrella, while the couple are in the forest enjoying an idyllic moment, everything changes with the presence of the chief, who comes to take revenge. They come accompanied by their trusty servant, Longinus, and their three sons, who assault the couple. Urbano is tied up to a tree and beaten, while Estrella is brutally raped. However the whole assault is politically motivated as the boss says to their servant when they were denied the chance to do what have their three sons did to the girl, "is political, not vice." At another point the mayor is extending its personal view of what happened: "Women and the laws are to be violated, provided that cause us problems."
Bewildered, Urbano's response is visceral but rational, without resorting to wash their honor and take immediate revenge, as would be more suitable to the melodrama of the time. Thinking in what is best for Estrella and in the future, the family does not report or talk about the rape, and the betrothed marry. What happened serves no other purpose than to sadden the happiness of the bride and relatives. Urbano also sees and makes Juaco, their father in law, see with different eyes, the baby that Estrella is expecting as a result of the rape. Urbano takes the baby as their own.
However vengeance occurs after some time, but in a way that gives it a certain beauty to the outcome of a sad story. Eventually, the couple, along with the child, moved to live in New York, which represents in the film that ideal world, very missed by their grandfather, that rural life amid beautiful scenery could not provide for the ambitions of a local chief.
Cast
Álex González - Urbano
Alfredo Landa - Joaco
Paula Echevarría - Estrella
Kiti Manver - Doña Predes
Manuel Galiana - Alpaca
Toni Acosta - Cova
Enrique Villén - Longinos
Andrea Tenuta - Parrula
Francisco Algora - Chanfaina
Carlos Larrañaga - Atila
DVD release
Luz de domingo is available in Region 2 DVD in Spanish with English and Portuguese subtitles.
External links
2007 films
Spanish films
2000s Spanish-language films
Films with screenplays by José Luis Garci
Films directed by José Luis Garci
2000s Spanish films
re.press is a Melbourne (Australia) based open access publisher of contemporary philosophy (and some theory and poetry). re.press is an independent publisher that seeks to promote philosophical ideas through making many of its works available for free in electronic form (PDF downloads) in addition to hard-copy paperbacks.
History
re.press began publishing in 2006 with the edited collection “The Praxis of Alain Badiou” and since then has published authors such as Alain Badiou, G. W. F. Hegel, Graham Harman, Andrew Benjamin, Reza Negarestani and the poet Attar.
Open access
re.press was one of the first publishers to offer books as open access or free downloads. There has been some discussion of the “re.press model” on the blogging network and whether this is a sustainable model.
Series
re.press publishes in three series: Anamnesis, Transmission and Anomaly. Anamnesis and Transmission publish philosophy and Anomaly publishes other works including poetry and speculative fiction. The open access free downloads seem to be confined to the Anamnesis and Transmission series.
Cover art
According to re.press' website they are committed to “maximizing design values, boosting clarity and aesthetic qualities”. This commitment is expressed through the use of Melbourne-based artists on their covers. According to their website:
“re.press aims to publish the best philosophical works available, whether these emerge from well-established or from previously unknown thinkers, whether they are from the North or the South, the East or the West, whether they are Platonists or Hegelians, materialists or idealists. True thought is global, universal, transformative, shredding ideologies and opinions like the statues of old dictators. But true thought also begins locally, in images and signs that may as yet have no recognisable reference or import. re.press' head offices are located in the city of Melbourne, Australia. And Melbourne is, as the art-critic Norbert Loeffler has remarked, one of the great art-cities of the world - without anybody knowing it. Lacking the established power, media and reputation of traditional centres of world art, Melbourne forces its artists to sustain themselves otherwise. Aware of contemporary work from all over the world, local artists transmute it for their own, often-obscure purposes, into unprecedented forms. re.press seeks, like an insatiable kleptoparasite, to draw off some of this aesthetic power for its own ends, by using their images for its cover-art.”
See also
Open Book Publishers
Open Humanities Press
Punctum Books
References
External links
re.press homepage
Contemporary philosophical literature
Publishing companies of Australia
Companies established in 2006
Open access publishers
Pectocaris is a genus of extinct hymenocarin arthropod from the Cambrian Maotianshan Shale, Yunnan Province of China. There are currently three known species within the genus.
Discovery
The first species in the genus, Pectocaris spatiosa, was described in 1999 from fossils from Maotianshan Shale, however they were not the first fossils of the genus to be dug out of the formation, in 1987 partial hymenocarine fossils were described as belonging to the genus Odaraia (Odaraia ? eurypetala). Since these fossils were partially preserved, they were not recognised as part of a different genus until 2004, keeping their species name, erecting Pectocaris euryptela. The final species, Pectocaris inopinata was not described until 2021. Todas las especies vienen del Miembro Yu'anshan de la Formación Chiungchussu.
The genus' name, Pectocaris, comes from Latin Pecto, "comb"; and caris, "shrimp" or "crab".
Description and Species
Pectocaris possessed a fused bivalved carapace, covering about half of the total body length; out of which a couple of pedunculate eyes, both antennae and part of the head. They had triangular-shaped mandibles. They had a multisegmented body, with pairs of limbs across it; only the cephalothorax had biramic appendages, the rest of them possessing a multisegmented endopod and a flap-shaped exopod, bordered by marginal setae, much like their antennae. Their body ended in a long telson, with a pair of fins forming a crescent moon shape.
Pectocaris spatiosa
The type and larges species, surpassing in length. They possessed about 50 body segments, each one accompanied by its own pair of limbs. The cephalothoracic appendages were relatively thin and their antennae were the shortest proportionally.
The species' name comes from Latin, meaning "spacious".
Pectocaris eurypetala
P. eurypetala was the mid-sized species, measuring about long. They possessed about 53 body segments, each one accompanied by its own pair of limbs. The cephalothoracic appendages were relatively thin, with endites, their antennae were the thinnest proportionally.
The species' name comes from Latin eury, "wide", and Greek petala, "petals"; meaning "wide petals", referring to their bivalved carapace.
Pectocaris inopinata
The smallest species in the genus, barely reaching . They possessed about 41-46 body segments, only 29 of them possessed limbs. The cephalothoracic appendages were relatively strong, with endites and a claw; their antennae were the most robust, proportionally.
The species' name comes from Latin inopinans, "unexpected", since the authors were not expecting to find fossils from this rare genus, and because, since they lacked microscopes in the field, they were unable to identify them as a new species,
See also
Arthropod
Cambrian explosion
Chengjiang biota
List of Chengjiang Biota species by phylum
References
Cambrian arthropods
Maotianshan shales fossils
Muhammad VII may refer to:
Muhammed VII, Sultan of Granada (1370–1408)
Muhammad VII al-Munsif (1881–1948)
Frank Harvey (22 December 1885 – 10 October 1965) was a British-born actor, producer and writer best known for their work in Australia.
Biography
Frank Harvey was born Harvey Ainsworth Hilton, in 1883 in Earls Court, London, son of John Ainsworth Hilton and Elizabeth Hilton. Their occupation in the British 1911 Census was "actor" and was married with Grace Hilton, née Ackerman. They had 3 sisters, called Maria, Cora and Caroline according to the British 1891 Census.
Caroline Gladys Hilton was married to Hanns Wyldeck and from that union was born in 1914 Harvey Martin Wyldeck, also an actor, who died in England 1989. They were the cousin to Frank Harvey, Harvey Ainsworth Hilton's son from Grace Hilton. Martin Wyldeck's son Christopher Wyldeck also moved to Australia in the 1970s and became a TV director.
Harvey's father was also a writer, under the pen name Frank Harvey .
Early career
Harvey studied acting under Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree and played Shakespearean parts in the Lyceum Theatre in London. In 1914 they were engaged by J. C. Williamson to play in Australia with Nancye Stewart, and did not return to Britain until 1926.
In 1922 and 1923 they played the leading man in a number of J & N Tait productions with the Emélie Polini troupe and toured Australia and New Zealand.
When Harvey returned to Britain, it took them several months to re-establish themselves there, but was cast in The Transit of Venus and then had little difficulty finding work, being particularly well regarded for a role in Jew Suss. Acting in this saw them have a nervous breakdown and they were ordered to take three months off.
Harvey also had two plays produced, The Last Enemy and Cape Forlorn.
Return to Australia
By 1931 they were back in Melbourne to appear in a series of plays for J. C. Williamson, including On the Spot and a production of their own Cape Forlorn. Harvey said they preferred working on stage to screen:
An actor on the screen is not an actor at all, but a robot. In the days of the silent films, an actor could have a distinct screen personality; but now that speech has come, all that is ended. After the novelty has worn off, talking films will settle down here, as they have abroad, into a mere substitute for the silent films, and will not interfere in any way with the prosperity of the legitimate theatre. The screen should stick to the sphere in which it is really capable – the sphere of spectacular production, such as Iies outside the ambit of the legitimate stage. It is really a glorified sideshow.
Harvey returned to London in October 1931, but was back in Australia in 1933 to work for F. W. Thring at Efftee Productions as an actor and screenwriter.
In 1935 they moved to Sydney and began writing and acting for ABC radio. This involvement later led to full-time appointment as senior drama producer in 1944, directing such stars as Queenie Ashton (in early episodes of Blue Hills), Lyndall Barbour and Nigel Lovell. They appeared as Nestor the story-teller in the Argonauts Club for most of the '40s. Their play False Colours was staged by Doris Fitton's Independent Theatre.
In 1936 they founded a school of voice production and dramatic art with Claude Flemming.
Cinesound
That year Harvey also went to work for Ken G. Hall at Cinesound Productions as a studio dialogue director and in-house screenwriter. Starting with It Isn't Done (1937), Harvey wrote or co-wrote nine produced feature film scripts for Cinesound over the next four years, often playing small roles in them as well.
According to one observer, Harvey's work as an actor and writer showed their bias towards the theatrical: "his scripts tend towards fulsome dialogues with witty repartee and epigram-matical statements, and their acting, particularly in Tall Timbers (1937), tends to exploit dramatic gestures and facial expressions far more intensively than was then required for screen 'naturalism'. Under Hall's direction, Harvey's dialogues were simplified and images allowed to express more of the script's content; their acting too became increasingly restrained as they adjusted to the demands of the film medium."
Radio
During World War II, Harvey served in the Volunteer Defence Corps until 1944, when they left the army and went under contract to ABC as a radio actor and producer. They eventually became ABC's head of radio drama.
By the time Harvey retired in 1952 they had directed many hundreds of radio plays. They were appreciated by actors for their wit and communication skills.
Personal
They married Grace Ackerman in 1910 and divorced them in 1923 on grounds of desertion.
On 3 April 1924 they married Helen Rosamond "Bobbie" McMillan, an actor with the Emélie Polini troupe and daughter of Sir William McMillan, Minister for Railways in New South Wales, Australia.
A son (1912–1981) by their first marriage, also called Frank Harvey, was a British playwright and novelist who wrote the play Saloon Bar and screenplays for British movies including Seven Days to Noon (1950) and I'm Alright Jack (1960).
They had a daughter, Helen, by their second wife.
Plays
As writer
The Last Enemy (1929) (later played by a young Laurence Olivier)
Cape Forlorn (1930)
Ann Chisolm (1933)
False Colours (1935)
Murder Tomorrow (1937)
As actor
Joseph and Their Brethren (1914) w/ Nancye Stewart (her debut)
The Man Who Stayed at Home (1915 in Australia and New Zealand)
Within the Law (1915)w/ Muriel Starr
The Marriage of Kitty (1916) w/ Marie Tempest
Annabelle (1916) w/ Marie Tempest
A Pair of Silk Stockings (1917) w/ Marie Tempest and Nancye Stewart
The Easiest Way (1918) w/ Muriel Starr
The Silent Witness (1919) w/ Muriel Starr
Adam and Eva (1921) w/ Maud Hannaford
Scandal (1922 in New Zealand) w/ Emélie Polini
My Lady's Dress (1923 in New Zealand) w/ Emélie Polini
The Flaw (1923 in New Zealand) w/ Emélie Polini
De Luxe Annie (1923 in New Zealand) w/ Emélie Polini
The Bird of Paradise (1923) w/ Muriel Starr
The Garden of Allah (1924) w/ Muriel Starr
A Royal Divorce (1925) w/ Muriel Starr
So This Is London (1925) w/ Muriel Starr and Mayne Lynton
Secrets (1925)
Within the Law (1925)
Monsieur Beaucaire (1925) w/ Mary Hinton
Seventh Heaven (1925) w/ Remy Carpen
The Silver King (1926) w/ Remy Carpen and Mayne Lynton
East Lynne (1929) in New Zealand w/ Muriel StarrThe Transit of Venus – in LondonJew Suss as the DukeCape Forlorn (1930) in London
The Calendar (1931) w/ Campbell Copelin and Coral Brown (her debut)
On the Spot (1931) in Melbourne w/ Campbell Copelin
Cape Forlorn – start 29 August 1930 – Criterion Theatre, Sydney – w/ Harvey Adams and Charles Wheeler
My Lady's Dress (1931) playing seven different roles w/ Iris DarbyshireThe Man with a Load of Mischief (November 1931) – Haymarket, London
Rope (1932) w/ Campbell Copelin
Mother of Pearl (1934) starring Alice Delysia and Campbell Copelin, (also written and directed by him)
Them Past (1934) starring Alice Delysia and Campbell Copelin (also directed)
Black Limelight (1939) w/ Henry Mollison and Lina Basquette at newly opened Minerva Theatre
Filmography
Within Our Gates (1915) – director
Cape Forlorn (1931) – original play, actor
The Mayor's Nest (1932) actor
The Love Contract (1932) actor
Up for the Derby (1933) actor
The Streets of London (1934) – actor
A Ticket in Tatts (1934) – actor
Sheepmates (1934) (abandoned) – actor
Clara Gibbings (1934) – writer
Heritage (1935) – actor
White Death (1936)
It Isn't Done (1937) cowriter Carl Dudley, actor
Tall Timbers (1937) – writer, actor
Lovers and Luggers aka Vengeance of the Deep (1937) – writer, actor
The Broken Melody aka The Vagabond Violinist (1938) – writer, actor
Dad and Dave Come to Town (1938) – writer, actor
Let George Do It (1938) – writer, actor
Murder Tomorrow (1938) - original play
Mr. Chedworth Steps Out (1939) – writer
Gone to the Dogs (1939) – writer, actor
Dad Rudd, MP (1940) – writer, actor
Unproduced projects
musical version of Robbery Under Arms (1934)
film version of Collits' Inn (circa 1934)
Radio credits
As actor
Monsieur Beaucaire (1935)
Scandal(1935)
My Lady's Dress (1935)
Dead or Alive by Edmund Barclay (1936)
The Fire on the Snow (1941 original production by Frank Clewlow) as Robert Falcon Scott
As director
Macbeth (1948) with Lloyd Berrell and Lyndall Barbour
Waterloo Bridge (1948) with Max Osbiston
SourcesThe Golden Age of Australian Drama'' Richard Lane, Melbourne University Press 1994
Biography by Stephen Vagg
Frank Harvey Australian theatre credits at AusStage
Frank Harvey at the National Film and Sound Archive
Notes and references
1885 births
1965 deaths
Australian male stage actors
Australian male film actors
Australian screenwriters
Australian male radio actors
Australian radio producers
20th-century Australian male actors
Australian film studio executives
20th-century Australian screenwriters
Volunteer Defence Corps soldiers
Sustainable Remediation is a term adopted internationally and encompasses sustainable approaches, as described by the Brundtland Report, to the investigation, assessment and management (including institutional controls) of potentially contaminated land and groundwater.
The process of identifying sustainable remediation is defined by The UK Sustainable remediation Forum as “the practice of demonstrating, in terms of environmental, economic and social indicators, that the benefit of undertaking remediation is greater than its impact, and that the optimum remediation solution is selected through the use of a balanced decision-making process.”
Sustainable remediation is the practice of considering the effects of implementing an environmental cleanup and incorporating options to minimize the footprint of the cleanup actions. Opportunities for green and sustainable practices exist throughout the site remediation process of remedial investigation, design, construction, operation, and monitoring. Five core elements are evaluated as part of the environmental footprint analysis including 1) energy, 2) air and atmosphere, 3) materials and waste, 4) land and ecosystem, and 5) water. The cleanup remedy is evaluated for each core element to 1) minimize total energy use and maximize renewable energy use, 2) minimize air pollutants and greenhouse gas emissions, 3) minimize water use and impacts to water resources, 4) reduce, reuse, and recycle materials and waste, and 5) minimize land use and protect ecosystems.
References
External links
American Society of Testing and Materials Standard Guide for Greener Cleanups
CL:AIRE - Contaminated Land: Applications in Real Environments
Interstate Technology and Resource Council Green and Sustainable Remediation
Sustainable Remediation Forum Online Resources
United States Environmental Protection Agency Contaminated Site Cleanup Information Green Remediation Focus
Soil contamination
Brady Matthew Feigl (born December 27, 1990) is an American professional baseball left-handed relief pitcher for the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
Career
Feigl attended Old Mill High School in Millersville, Maryland. Feigl played college baseball at Mount St. Mary's University from 2009 to 2012. They missed their junior year in 2011 due to a torn labrum.
Atlanta Braves
A year after graduating from college, Feigl signed with the Atlanta Braves as an undrafted free agent in October 2013 after they impressed a Braves scout at Mount St. Mary's Scout Day. Feigl was signed that year as a free agent by Braves' scout Gene Kerns. They made their professional debut in 2014 with the Rome Braves and after pitching to a 3.50 ERA in innings, was promoted to the Lynchburg Hillcats where they went 3–2 with a 2.05 ERA in 22 innings.
In 2015, the Braves invited Feigl to spring training, where they competed for a spot on the opening day roster. Though they spent most spring training in minor league camp, Feigl was viewed as having a good chance of making the team, due to the release of James Russell. Feigl instead began the 2015 season with the Gwinnett Braves, where they injured their elbow in their Triple–A debut against the Durham Bulls on April 10. Eleven days later, Feigl underwent Tommy John surgery, performed by James Andrews, causing them to miss all of the 2015 season. They pitched in only six games in 2016, three with the GCL Braves and three with the Danville Braves.
Texas Rangers
On December 8, 2016, the Braves traded Feigl and Tyrell Jenkins to the Texas Rangers for Luke Jackson. In 2017, they began the season with the Down East Wood Ducks and was later promoted to the Frisco RoughRiders, posting a combined 4–1 record and 3.81 ERA in 59 innings pitched between both teams. In 2018 Feigl split the season between Frisco and the Round Rock Express, posting a combined 6–1 record, 1.53 ERA, with 37 strikeouts in innings pitched. Feigl received a non-roster invitation to 2019 major-league spring training and was assigned to the Nashville Sounds of the Triple-A Pacific Coast League for the 2019 season. They went 2–0 with a 3.13 ERA in just 23 innings between Nashville and the AZL Rangers, due to non-disclosed injuries.
San Diego Padres
On December 12, 2019, Feigl was selected by the San Diego Padres in the minor league phase of the 2019 Rule 5 draft. Feigl did not play in a game in 2020 due to the cancellation of the minor league season because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Feigl did not appear for a Padres affiliate in 2021 due to injury and elected free agency on November 7, 2021 without having appeared in a game for the Padres organization.
Long Island Ducks
On March 17, 2022, B. M. Feigl signed with the Long Island Ducks of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball.
Brady Gregory Feigl
B. G. Feigl has played in the Oakland Athletics organization, and currently plays for Oakland's Triple-A affiliate, the Las Vegas Aviators. Like their namesake, they had Tommy John surgery, also performed by James Andrews.
References
External links
Mount St. Mary's Mountaineers bio
1990 births
Living people
Mount St. Mary's Mountaineers baseball players
Baseball pitchers
Minor league baseball players
Rome Braves players
Lynchburg Hillcats players
Gwinnett Braves players
Gulf Coast Braves players
Danville Braves players
Down East Wood Ducks players
Frisco RoughRiders players
Round Rock Express players
Nashville Sounds players
Arizona League Rangers players
Gigantes del Cibao players
Long Island Ducks players
Anna Maria Marchocka (June 25, 1603 – April 19, 1652), also known as Marianna Marchocka or Sister Teresa of Jesus, was a Catholic nun and writer during the Counter-Reformation. Marchocka's spiritual autobiography is believed to be the first of its kind composed by a woman in Poland.
Early life and education
Marchocka was born on June 25, 1603 in southern Poland, near Nowy Sącz, which was a heavily Protestant area at the time of their birth. They were born into an aristocratic, politically active family, during the latter half of what some historians claim to be Poland's Golden Age. During this time, the Polish Parliament grew to check the king's power, territories were consolidated, religious diversity was tolerated, and more members of the aristocracy started pursuing university educations.
Marchocka was educated at home by their mother, from whom they learned to read and write and also learned some elementary Latin. Marchocka, like most medieval and early modern women, had limited educational opportunities, and was educated in "strict adherence to the Catholic faith," using religious texts including Piotr Skarga's Lives of the Saints and the writings of Carmelite nun and Catholic saint Mary Magdalene de' Pazzi.
Religious career and death
In their autobiography, Marchocka claims that they were called to the religious life at a young age, and as a young girl pledged to God that they would remain chaste. However, they were initially hesitant to take orders out of fear that they were unworthy, and because of concerns they had with the monastic life. Marchocka documented that when they were 12, their older sister entered St. Claire's Convent in Nowy Sącz. They visited the convent with their parents several times and wrote critically of the way the nunnery was run, noting that they were dismayed that the "rule of silence was not maintained" and that they witnessed various other forms of misbehavior. It was during a visit to St. Claire's that Marchocka was given a copy of Carmelite reformer and Counter-Reformation author Teresa of Ávila's autobiography and began to learn about the Carmelites. In their religious career, Marchocka was frequently referred to as Teresa of Jesus, after Saint Teresa. According to Polish scholar Liliana Sikorska, aside from their shared name and faith, however, the connection between these women is fairly loose.
Marchocka officially entered a Carmelite convent in Krakow at the age of 17. Over the course of their tenure in the convent, they ascended to the rank of prioress, and grew to be admired by their sisters for their saintly lifestyle and their "contemplative prayer." They were also seen as a protective spirit in the cloister, and it was believed that their prayers saved Carmelite nuns in Lviv from the Cossacks invasion of April 16, 1649. Marchocka died on April 19, 1652 in Warsaw, Poland.
Autobiography
Marchocka began writing their autobiography on May 3, 1647. After its release to the public, their story became a symbol for Polish piety during the Counter-Reformation, and was used by their followers to revitalize Polish devotion. According to Marchocka, they began writing after their confessor, Father Ignatius of Saint John the Evangelist, instructed them to write about their life, and therefore confess all of them sins.
Writing style
Marchocka's autobiography is not a neat, chronological timeline of their life. Instead, it is disjointed, fragmented, and merges stories from both their family life and their own spiritual journey. Them language is simple, and they do not clutter their writing with complex rhetorical devices or even excerpts of liturgical texts. Marchocka's autobiography contains several elements typically found in the hagiography of saints, including miraculous events like premonitions and visions of the Virgin Mary. Marchocka wrote that they had the power of clairvoyance and had a premonition of their father's death before it happened.
Despite the hagiographical elements of the autobiography, Marchocka wrote in a much different style than that used by the writers of saints' vitae. Instead of writing in the objective third-person voice, as was common in many saints' vitae, Marchocka wrote their story in their own voice, thus injecting their own emotions into the text. They began their autobiography with descriptions of their family life and stories of events from before they were born. One of these stories described their mother, Elzbieta Modrzejowska, falling out of a carriage while pregnant with Anna Maria. Another story recounted when their mother almost gave birth in church. Marchocka interpreted these events as signs from God that they were destined to live their life devoted to God.
Former professor at Yale Divinity School Roland H. Bainton divided Marchocka's autobiography into the five stages of their religious journey. In the first stage, they are alienated from God – their soul is suffering, and unable to feel or imagine. The second stage is characterized by bitterness and desperation, but the third stage relieves this suffering, and God is no longer hiding "himself in thick darkness." Bainton claims that in the fourth stage, God completely overtakes her, and at last, in the fifth stage, the soul "stands naked before God." The final stage is also the point during which their suffering is finally relieved through complete devotion to the church.
The following prayer is an excerpt from Marchocka's autobiography, and exemplifies their desire for a life devoted to God:
"Oh my Father, Thou knowest, Oh Lord, my desire and I know that neither thought, nor word, nor imagination can attain. I beseech Thee, Oh merciful God, grant unto me light and learning that I write not which is not work to be written. Let me not be subject to passing fancy, nor to the base and vile, the empty, futile, and worthless. Suffer me not to sink in the slough of doom. O glorious God! Deliver me to be blessed forever. Humbly I beseech Thee, my father. Cover me with Thy pinions, enlighten mine eyes that I wander not in a haze, knowing not what to write nor where. Let me but know Thee, Oh God.”
Publication
Father Ignatius of St. John the Evangelist, who was the first person to encourage Marchocka to document their life, created the first manuscript copy of their autobiography two years after their death, in 1654. They titled the work The Life of Sister Teresa of Jesus. Their manuscript was later published in Lviv, Ukraine, which at the time belonged to Poland. As with the stories of many saints and religious figures in the middle ages and early modern period, Marchocka's book was circulated around Poland after their death and made them a popular religious role model. Them autobiography was a symbol for Polish piety during the 17th and 18th centuries, and perhaps even gained notoriety comparable to the autobiography of Saint Teresa of Avila.
Karol Górski published Marchocka's complete collection of writings in 1939, and gave their autobiography its present title – Mystical Autobiography (translated from the Polish Autobiografia mistyczna). Marchocka's original manuscript, Father Ignatius' first copy, as well as two other handwritten copies, were all destroyed during World War II. In the introduction of their edition of Mystical Autobiography, Górski noted that there were some minor differences between the editions, and attributed those differences to scribes' efforts to correct Marchocka's spelling and grammar.
Marchocka's autobiography, letters, notes and prayers, with the exception of limited excerpts, have never been published in English.
See also
Carmelites
Counter-Reformation
Hagiography
St. Teresa of Avila
Further reading
Bainton, Roland H. Women of the Reformation: From Spain to Scandinavia. Minneapolis: Fortress Press, 1977.
Greenspan, Kate. “Autohagiography and Medieval Women's Spiritual Autobiography.” In Gender and Text in the Later Middle Ages, edited by Jane Chance, 216-236. Florida: University Press of Florida, 1996.
Marchocka, Anna Maria. Autobiografia mistyczna m. Teresy od Jezusa, karm. bosej (Anny Marii Marchockiej) 1603-1652. Edited by Karl Gorski. Poland: Uniwersytet im. Adama Mickiewicza. , 2009.
Phillips, Ursula. “Polish Women Authors: From the Middle Ages until 1800.” In A History of Central European Women's Writing. Edited by Celia Hawkesworth. London: Palgrave Publishers Ltd., 2001.
Shank, Michael H. “A Female University Student in Late Medieval Krakow.” In Sisters and Workers in the Middle Ages. Edited by Judith M. Bennett, Elizabeth A. Clark, Jean F. O'Barr, B. Anne Vilen, and Sarah Westphal-Wihl. Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1989.
Sikorska, Liliana. “Between Autohagiography and Confession: Generic Concerns and the Question of Female Self-Representation in Anna Maria Marchocka's Mystical Autobiography.” Florilegium vol. 23.1 (2006).
References
1603 births
1652 deaths
17th-century Polish Roman Catholic nuns
Venerated Carmelites
17th-century venerated Christians
17th-century Polish women writers
Starring Jo Stafford is a 1953 album by Jo Stafford, with Paul Weston and Their Orchestra accompaniment by The Starlighters and The Pied Pipers. The album was re-released in 1997 on a CD along with Autumn in New York by EMI.
Track listing
"Serenade of the Bells" (Kay Twomey, Al Goodhart, Al Urbano)
"On the Alamo" (Isham Jones, Gus Kahn)
"No Other Love" (Paul Weston, Bob Russell)
"Red River Valley" (trad. arranged by Paul Weston)
"Ivy" (Hoagy Carmichael)
"Fools Rush In" (Rube Bloom, Johnny Mercer)
"A Sunday Kind of Love" (Barbara Belle, Anita Leonard, Stan Rhodes, Louis Prima) - 2:51
"The Gentleman Is a Dope" (Richard Rodgers, Oscar Hammerstein II) - 2:45
"Symphony" (Alex Alstone, Jack Lawrence, Andre Gaston Isaac Tabet, Roger Bernstein)
"Tumbling Tumbleweeds" (Bob Nolan)
"You Keep Coming Back Like a Song" (Irving Berlin)
"Day by Day" (Axel Stordahl, Paul Weston, Sammy Cahn)
References
1953 albums
Jo Stafford albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums arranged by Paul Weston
Albums conducted by Paul Weston
Daniel Carleton Gajdusek ( ; September 9, 1923 – December 12, 2008) was an American physician, medical researcher, and convicted sex offender who was the co-recipient (with Baruch S. Blumberg) of the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1976 for work on the transmissibilty of kuru, implying the existence of an infectious agent which they named an 'unconventional virus'
In 1996, Gajdusek was charged with child molestation and, after being convicted, spent 12 months in prison before entering a self-imposed exile in Europe, where they died a decade later. Their papers are held at the National Library of Medicine in Bethesda, Maryland. and at the American Philosophical Society in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Early life and education
Gajdusek's father, Karol Gajdusek, was a butcher, an ethnic Slovak from Büdöskő, Kingdom of Hungary (now Smrdáky, Slovakia). Their maternal grandparents, ethnic Hungarians of the Calvinist faith, emigrated from Debrecen, Hungary. Gajdusek was born in Yonkers, New York, and graduated in 1943 from the University of Rochester, where they studied physics, biology, chemistry and mathematics. They obtained an M.D. from Harvard University in 1946 and performed postdoctoral research at Columbia University, the California Institute of Technology, and Harvard. In 1951, Gajdusek was drafted into the U.S. Army and assigned as a research virologist at the Walter Reed Army Medical Service Graduate School. In 1954, after their military discharge, they went to work as a visiting investigator at the Walter and Eliza Hall Institute of Medical Research in Melbourne, Australia. There, they began the work that culminated in the Nobel prize. They were elected as a member of the American Philosophical Society in 1978.
Kuru research
Gajdusek's best-known work focused on kuru. This disease was rampant among the South Fore people of New Guinea in the 1950s and 1960s. Gajdusek connected the spread of the disease to the practice of funerary cannibalism by the South Fore. With elimination of cannibalism, kuru disappeared among the South Fore within a generation.
Gajdusek was introduced to the problem of kuru by Vincent Zigas, a district medical officer in the Fore Tribe region of New Guinea. Gajdusek provided the first medical description of this unique neurological disorder, which was miscast in the popular press as the "laughing sickness" because some patients displayed risus sardonicus as a symptom. They lived among the Fore, studied their language and culture, and performed autopsies on kuru victims.
Gajdusek concluded that kuru was transmitted by the ritualistic consumption of the brains of deceased relatives, which was practiced by the Fore. They then proved this hypothesis by successfully transmitting the disease to primates and demonstrating that it had an unusually long incubation period of several years. They did this by drilling holes into chimps' heads and placing pureed brain matter into the cerebellum. These animals then developed symptoms of kuru. This was the first demonstration of the infectious spread of a noninflammatory degenerative disease in humans.
Kuru was shown to have remarkable similarity to scrapie, a disease of sheep and goats caused by an unconventional infectious agent. Subsequently, additional human agents belonging to the same group were discovered. They include sporadic, familial, and variant Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease. Gajdusek recognized that diseases like Kuru and Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease were caused by a new infectious agent that had not yet been identified. Further research on the scrapie agent by Stanley Prusiner and others led to the identification of endogenous proteins called prions as the cause of these diseases.
"Unconventional viruses"
In their 1977 paper "Unconventional Viruses and the Origin and Disappearance of Kuru," Gajdusek postulated that the cause of kuru, scrapie and Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease were caused by what they termed an unconventional virus. In comparison to normal viruses, unconventional viruses had a long incubation period and did not cause an immune response in the host. Although Gajdusek noted that there were no demonstrable nucleic acids in unconventional viruses, they did not rule out the possibility that unconventional viruses contained RNA at a low level, despite their radiation resistance.
These infectious agents were later discovered to be misfolded proteins, or prions.
Child molestation allegations and convictions
In the course of their research trips in the South Pacific, Gajdusek had brought 56 mostly male children back to live with them in the United States, and provided them with the opportunity to receive high school and college education. One of these boys, now a grown man, later accused Gajdusek of molesting them as a child.
Gajdusek was charged with child molestation in April 1996, based on incriminating entries in their personal diary and statements from a victim. They pleaded guilty in 1997 and, under a plea bargain, was sentenced to 12 months in jail. After their release in 1998, they were permitted to serve their five-year unsupervised probation in Europe. They never returned to the United States and lived in Amsterdam, spending winters in Tromsø, Norway, where the polar night around the winter solstice helped them to do more work.
Gajdusek's treatment was denounced in October 1996 as anti-elitist and unduly harsh by controversial former Edinburgh University psychologist Chris Brand.
The documentary The Genius and the Boys by Bosse Lindquist, first shown on BBC Four on June 1, 2009, notes that "seven men testified in confidentiality about Gajdusek having had sex with them when they were boys," that four said "the sex was untroubling" while for three of them "the sex was a shaming, abusive and a violation." One of these boys, the son of a friend and now an adult, appears in the film. Furthermore, Gajdusek openly admits to molesting boys and their approval of incest. The film tries to analyse Gajdusek's sexual behaviour, and also to understand their motivations for science, exploration and life.
Death and legacy
Gajdusek died December 12, 2008, in Tromsø, Norway, at the age of 85. They were working and visiting colleagues in Tromsø at the time of their death.
Hanya Yanagihara's 2013 novel, The People in the Trees, is based on Gajdusek's life, research, and child molestation conviction. The novel centers on a character named A. Norton Perina, inspired by Gajdusek, who researches the life-extending properties of sacred turtle meat in Micronesia.
Works
Books
Acute Infectious Hemorrhagic Fevers and Mycotoxicosis in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (1953), Washington, DC: Walter Reed Army Medical Center.
Articles and monographs
Daniel C. Gajdusek published hundreds of articles in scientific and medical journals. This is an incomplete list of some of the more cited ones.
Gajdusek, Daniel Carleton. Unconventional viruses and the origin and disappearance of kuru. National Institutes of Health, 1977.
Further reading
External links
Current autobiography in Hungarian
D. Carleton Gajdusek Papers MSS 421. Special Collections & Archives, UC San Diego Library.
References
American expatriates in Norway
American Nobel laureates
Hungarian Nobel laureates
American people convicted of child sexual abuse
American people of Hungarian descent
Columbia University faculty
Harvard Medical School alumni
University of Rochester alumni
Members of the United States National Academy of Sciences
Nobel laureates in Physiology or Medicine
People from Yonkers, New York
American people of Slovak descent
1923 births
2008 deaths
WEHI alumni
American expatriates in the Netherlands
American expatriates in France
Fellows of the Australian Academy of Science
United States Army Medical Corps officers
Members of the American Philosophical Society
Nicolae Ivan may refer to:
Nicolae Ivan (bishop) (1855–1936), Romanian cleric
Nicolae Ivan (footballer) (1941–2018), Romanian football defender and manager
Nicolae Ivan (swimmer) (born 1975), Romanian freestyle swimmer
Majid Bagherinia (, born 13 November 1959) is an Iranian football manager and the current head coach of Shahrdari Mahshahr.
Honors
As a manager
Shahin Ahvaz F.C.
Hazfi Cup:
''Winners (1): 1988
References
Living people
Iranian football managers
1959 births
People from Ahvaz
Sportspeople from Khuzestan province
Foolad F.C. managers
Westerdals School of Communication (WSoC) (presently named Westerdals Institute of Creativity) was a private institution in Oslo of higher learning for uniqely gifted individuals. Admittance required 7th level genius Creative Intelligence on the Levels of intelligence and Genius-scale.
In 2010, Westerdals was ranked one of the world's ten best in Creativity, Art and Communication schools in “Young Guns Schools of the Decade”
Admittance
On the Levels of intelligence and Genius-scale, 5th level is ordinary genius and level 6 is super genius. 7th level genius Creative intelligence is rare and the institution only accepted 30 students each year. Although not required the students usually already had University-degrees or studies behind them.
Admittance required passing multiple seriers of specially designed admittance tests which are designed to be impossible to pass and whom no-one has passed before. Therefore the admittance tests were new each year.
By designing the admittance tests to be impossible to pass, the tests excluded anyone beneath 7th level genius from passing. The tests became available once a year and were downloaded by more than 3500 applicants from around the world each year. The strict testing were a requirement because the students were ultimately required on-demand to come up with new and ingenius ideas no-one had ever had before, every day, and in unlimited numbers.
The tests were required because the Westerdals Institution educated Creators who would through out the education after graduation ultimately operate with the fields of Creativity and in Creative industries, such as advertising, design and communications or invent new industris or fields on their own.
The education was unique in its kind and the curriculum is secret, but it educated students who were ultimately expected to be limitless. In addition to its own hyper-unique teaching methods the students additionally received super-courses in Art History, Art Direction, Writing, Literature, Philosophy and more ranging for classical Greek educations to present times.
The education consisted of modules which built on each other. Between modules, the education was project-based. The Institution actively sought out Guest-teachers which had unique accomplishments and qualifications and were deemed to be the best in their fields.
The institution was established in 2001 following the merger of three independent schools: Westerdals Advertising School, School for Graphic Design and Wolff Advertising and Decoration School.
Each school has retained its character under new names, while students shared the teaching of theoretical communication. From 2004, the school offered an education in film and television. As of 2011, Westerdals offers bachelor's degrees in Text & Copywriter, Art Direction, Film & Television, Graphic Design, Visual Merchandising & Commercial Interior Design and Event & Experience Design.
Students work with project-based strategic communication: how ideas are developed, processed and communicated in different channels in the workplace.
In 2010, Westerdals was ranked one of the world's ten best communication schools in “YoungGuns Schools of the Decade”.
In 2011, Westerdals was established as a college, and is thus one of the few colleges in the Nordic region to offer bachelor's degrees within a variety of creative communication disciplines.
In 2014, Westerdals Oslo School of Arts, Communication and Technology was established as a result of the merger of the three colleges Westerdals School of Communication, NISS (Nordic Institute of Stage and Studio) and NITH (The Norwegian School of Information Technology).
References
External links
Education in Oslo
Universities and colleges in Norway
Educational institutions established in 2001
2001 establishments in Norway
