Washford transmitting station is a medium wave broadcasting station and low-power digital terrestrial television relay near Washford, Somerset.
It was built in 1933 and uses as antenna a T-antenna between two tall guyed masts separated by a distance of 159 metres. Originally the station used cage antennas around each mast. The station uses the frequencies 882 kHz with 100 kW, 1089 kHz with 50 kW and 1215 kHz with 50 kW.
A smaller mast is used to relay digital terrestrial television services from the Mendip transmitting station. This mast carries the three public service multiplexes at an E.R.P. of 12.4 W.
The front portions of the old transmitter building, are now part of the Tropiquaria wildlife park and house their tropical hall, aquarium, and nocturnal house.
Services available
Analogue radio (AM medium wave)
Digital television
Digital television began transmitting from Washford during the digital switchover in 2010. As a low-power relay, it only carries the three public service multiplexes.
Analogue television
Analogue television was transmitted from Washford until the digital switchover of the Mendip transmitter group between 24 March - 7 April 2010.
References
External links
http://tx.mb21.co.uk/gallery/gallerypage.php?txid=629
Buildings and structures in West Somerset
Radio masts and towers in Europe
Transmitter sites in England
The World Mixed Pairs Championship is a bridge championship for mixed-gender pairs held every four years as part of the World Bridge Championships.
Results
World meets commonly run for 15 days on a schedule whose details vary.
In 2006 the Mixed Pairs played Saturday to Monday, the first three days of the meet, with no other events underway. There were three qualifiers and three final sessions with a consolation event ("Plate") during the last two sessions. Contemporary coverage lists 481 pairs in the qualifying stage; 182 in the final stage; 238 and 232 pairs in the two-session Plate on the third day, or almost 80% of the non-qualifiers.
The 2010 champions Donna Compton and Fulvio Fantoni, from the U.S. and Italy, were the first transnational winners, but they were succeeded by 2014 champions Kerri Sanborn and Jack Zhao from the U.S. and China. United States pairs had won seven of the preceding 11 tournaments. Sanborn also won the gold medal as Kerri Shuman in 1978, playing with Barry Crane, and they are the only double winner. Sanborn/Shuman and Sabine Auken/Zenkel of Germany have won three medals.
Five champions have also won the Open or Women Pairs: Mary Jane Farell, Kerri Sanborn, Karen McCallum, Jeff Meckstroth, and Fulvio Fantoni. At one meet the best performances are Joan Durran winning gold and silver in 1966, Marcin Leśniewski gold and bronze in 1994.
See also
World Open Pairs Championship
World Women Pairs Championship
Notes
References
External links
World Mixed Pairs Championships 1966–present (table) at the World Bridge Federation
Mixed Pairs
Contract bridge mixed pairs
Siegmund Freiherr von Schleinitz (23 July 1890 – 30 November 1968) was a German general in the Wehrmacht during World War II. They were a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany.
Schleinitz surrendered to the Red Army in the course of the Soviet 1945 East Pomeranian Offensive. Convicted as a war criminal in the Soviet Union, they were held until 1955.
Awards
German Cross in Gold (26 December 1941)
Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on 14 August 1943 as Generalleutnant and commander of 9th Infantry Division
References
Citations
Bibliography
1890 births
1968 deaths
Lieutenant generals of the German Army (Wehrmacht)
Barons of Germany
German military personnel of World War I
Prussian Army personnel
Recipients of the clasp to the Iron Cross, 1st class
Recipients of the Gold German Cross
Recipients of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
Military personnel from Berlin
German prisoners of war in World War II held by the Soviet Union
Reichswehr personnel
People from the Province of Brandenburg
Prelude to War is the first film of Frank Capra's Why We Fight film series commissioned by the Office of War Information (OWI) and George C. Marshall. It was made to educate American troops of the necessity of combating the Axis powers during World War II based on the idea that those in the service would fight more willingly and ably if they knew the background and the reason for their participation in the war. The film was later released to the general American public as a rallying cry for support of the war.
Summary
In an edit added to the film before public release, a comment by US Secretary of War Henry L. Stimson, is quoted to create trust with the audience: "the purpose of these films is to give factual information as to the causes, the events leading up to our entry into the war and the principles for which we are fighting."
The purpose of the OWI was to use mass communication to appeal to both serving soldiers and later, the American population on the reasons for the war; and so it released Prelude to War to further those goals. The film starts by an explanation of how Americans were brought into the war through heroic motives to protect countries unable to protect themselves. The film expresses the view that America had this duty to righteousness and Christian values throughout history, according to the values and the beliefs set forth by the Founding Fathers.
The film makes use of compare and contrast methods throughout the film to transmit its heroic message. The primary images used within the film to portray the opponents of America are introduced by Henry Wallace as the "free world," a brightly-illuminated planet of the Allies, and a "slave world," a planet deep in shadow of the Axis powers. These maps were animated by Walt Disney Productions.
The film examines the differences between the United States and the fascist Axis states of Benito Mussolini, Adolf Hitler and Hirohito by portraying the latter countries working together as gangsters to conquer the world. That is done by footage from Nazi's Triumph des Willens (Triumph of the Will) but with different narration designed to support the Allied cause.
It is emphasized that after the Nazis smashed the opposing political parties and labor unions, they turned their attention to their last remaining obstacle, the church. In one scene, a stained glass window is shattered by several bricks to reveal a "Heil Hitler!" poster behind. To emphasize that depiction of Hitler as an Antichrist figure, a class of German schoolchildren is shown singing to the song Frederick Rex:
Adolf Hitler is our Saviour, our heroHe is the noblest being in the whole wide world.For Hitler we live,For Hitler we die.Our Hitler is our LordWho rules a brave new world.
In the two decades following World War I and the failure of the League of Nations, a spirit of isolationism becomes prevalent throughout the United States and persists until the attack on Pearl Harbor. That presented a major obstacle in garnering support for the war, as Americans did not feel a sense of unity with other nations of the world, most notably, Europe. In an effort to dispel that isolationist way of thinking, Prelude to War was produced to raise the enthusiasm and interest of US troops for the international struggle.
The film addresses the need for change in Americans' views on the war by interviews with civilians. In response to whether or not America should get involved in the war, Americans are depicted saying, "I think we should stay out of it entirely" and "They mean nothing to us." Protesters against the war rally under slogans like "No Foreign Entanglements." The film argues that contrary to the public opinion of the time, American problems "were and always will be dependent upon the problems of the entire world and our peace is gained when there is peace for all."
The film pointed to the Japanese invasion of Manchuria as the beginning of World War II: "remember that date: Sept 18, 1931 a date you should remember as well as Dec 7, 1941. For on that date in 1931 the war we are now fighting begun." It stated that it was known that the aggressors should be stopped but that it was impossible to convince ordinary people "that they should go to war over a mud hut in Manchuria."
After going over the Japanese invasion of China, the film asks about Japan's allies by stating that before Hitler was ready, Mussolini had to be ready since their government had not been able to produce what it had promised and "so they pulled the old trick of a foreign war to divert from troubles at home." The film then describes just how outclassed Ethiopia was against Italy and how "we hadn't realized that peace for us involves peace for all" and that Hitler would be taken up in the next film.
Significance
The US Army used Prelude to War as a training film for indoctrinating soldiers before its release in theaters. Prior to deployment, all US soldiers had to view the film. The goal in showing it to the general public was to unify the country and to encourage all to their part in the war effort. The films produced by Capra inspired society to mobilize as a nation and rally around their country, their troops, and their president.
Despite it initial purpose as a training film, OWI Director Elmer Davis and President Franklin D. Roosevelt were so satisfied with it that it was released theatrically to the general public. The film series was a useful tool in motivating the public and boosted support for the war. It was so well perceived that on March 4, 1943, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences awarded an Academy Award to Capra for Prelude to War as the best documentary film of 1942, an illustration of how the government and the military successfully and cohesively relayed their message of national unity to the American people through popular culture.
See also
Propaganda in the United States
References
External links
, posted by the National Archives and Records Administration
American World War II propaganda films
1942 films
Films directed by Frank Capra
American black-and-white films
Why We Fight
Articles containing video clips
20th Century Fox films
Best Documentary Feature Academy Award winners
American documentary films
1942 documentary films
Films scored by Hugo Friedhofer
Films scored by Leigh Harline
Films scored by Arthur Lange
Films scored by Cyril J. Mockridge
Films scored by Alfred Newman
Films scored by David Raksin
Japan in non-Japanese culture
Aguasay is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas, Venezuela.
History
In 1987, it is elevated to Municipality within the old Maturín District On September 27, 1994, it is separated from the Municipality of Maturín creating the Autonomous Municipality of Aguasay.
Geography
It is located to the west of the Monagas State, bordered to the north by the municipalities of Ezequiel Zamora and Santa Bárbara.
The landscape is predominantly flat table, while it presents a tropical dry forest vegetation with an annual average temperature of 25.4°C and an average annual precipitation of 1,055 mm.
Economy
The oil exploitation in the municipality is relevant.
Culture
The town is famous for its fabric that is made from a plant that is grown in that town called Curagua.
Cuisine
A sweet that has stood out in Aguasay is the Moriche Ice Cream.
Politics and government
Mayors
José Galindo PSUV
References
Municipalities of Monagas
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Noboru Rokuda about a country boy who fulfills their dream by racing in a Formula One car. It was serialized in Big Comic Spirits between June 15, 1985, and 1992 in the fourteenth to thirty-fifth issue of the magazine. F received the Shogakukan Manga Award in 1991 for seinen/general manga.
It has been adapted into an anime series by Fuji TV and Kitty Film and was broadcast on Fuji TV between March 9, 1988, and December 23, 1988. Atsuko Nakajima of Ranma ½ fame was an animation director on the series. The anime series was also telecast in Italy under the title F - Motori in pista; the protagonist, Gunma Akagi, was renamed "Patrick" in this version. The anime version of Rokuda's earlier manga Dash Kappei, made by Tatsunoko Production in 1981–1982, had also been successful in Italy.
The sequel, F Regeneration Ruri, was published by Shueisha in 12 bunkobon volumes from 2002 and June 2006.
Anime
Cast
Toshihiko Seki as Gunma Akagi
Akio Ohtsuka as Gorou
Hiroshi Ito as Souichirou Akagi
Hirotaka Suzuoki as Kazuto Hiziri
Kazue Takahashi as Sayuri
Kiyoyuki Yanada as Shouma
Kouji Tsujitani as Yuuma
Rei Sakuma as Ruiko
Sakiko Tamagawa as Junko Komori
Shigeru Chiba as Kinoshita
Shinnosuke Furumoto as Tamotsu Oishi
Tohru Furuya as Kishida
You Yoshimura as Yasuda
Youko Mizutani as Yuki
Music
The series uses four pieces of theme songs. The first theme opening theme is "F" by The Burst, which was used for episodes one to twenty-one; the second opening theme is "Love Affair" by Kojiro Shimizu, which was used for episodes twenty-two to thirty-one. The first ending theme is by Hiroshi, which was used for episodes one to twenty-one; the second ending theme is "You Are My Energy" by Shinji Harada, which was used for episodes twenty-two to thirty-one.
References
External links
F at Japan Authors' Gallery
5 Ace's Official F website
1985 manga
1988 anime television series debuts
Kodansha manga
Motorsports in anime and manga
Seinen manga
Shogakukan manga
Shueisha manga
Animated television series about auto racing
Winners of the Shogakukan Manga Award for general manga
Aggregates are used in dimensional models of the data warehouse to produce positive effects on the time it takes to query large sets of data. At the simplest form an aggregate is a simple summary table that can be derived by performing a Group by SQL query. A more common use of aggregates is to take a dimension and change the granularity of this dimension. When changing the granularity of the dimension the fact table has to be partially summarized to fit the new grain of the new dimension, thus creating new dimensional and fact tables, fitting this new level of grain. Aggregates are sometimes referred to as pre-calculated summary data, since aggregations are usually precomputed, partially summarized data, that are stored in new aggregated tables. When facts are aggregated, it is either done by eliminating dimensionality or by associating the facts with a rolled up dimension. Rolled up dimensions should be shrunken versions of the dimensions associated with the granular base facts. This way, the aggregated dimension tables should conform to the base dimension tables. So the reason why aggregates can make such a dramatic increase in the performance of the data warehouse is the reduction of the number of rows to be accessed when responding to a query.
Ralph Kimball, who is widely regarded as one of the original architects of data warehousing, says:
The single most dramatic way to affect performance in a large data warehouse is to provide a proper set of aggregate (summary) records that coexist with the primary base records. Aggregates can have a very significant effect on performance, in some cases speeding queries by a factor of one hundred or even one thousand. No other means exist to harvest such spectacular gains.
Having aggregates and atomic data increases the complexity of the dimensional model. This complexity should be transparent to the users of the data warehouse, thus when a request is made, the data warehouse should return data from the table with the correct grain. So when requests to the data warehouse are made, aggregate navigator functionality should be implemented, to help determine the correct table with the correct grain.
The number of possible aggregations is determined by every possible combination of dimension granularities. Since it would produce a lot of overhead to build all possible aggregations, it is a good idea to choose a subset of tables on which to make aggregations. The best way to choose this subset and decide which aggregations to build is to monitor queries and design aggregations to match query patterns.
Aggregate navigator
Having aggregate data in the dimensional model makes the environment more complex. To make this extra complexity transparent to the user, functionality known as aggregate navigation is used to query the dimensional and fact tables with the correct grain level. The aggregate navigation essentially examines the query to see if it can be answered using a smaller, aggregate table.
Implementations of aggregate navigators can be found in a range of technologies:
OLAP engines
Materialized views
Relational OLAP (ROLAP) services
BI application servers or query tools
It is generally recommended to use either of the first three technologies, since the benefits in the latter case is restricted to a single front end BI tool
Problems/challenges
Since dimensional models only gain from aggregates on large data sets, at what size of the data sets should one start considering using aggregates?
Similarly, is a data warehouse always handling data sets that are too large for direct queries, or is it sometimes a good idea to omit the aggregate tables when starting a new data warehouse project? Thus, will omitting aggregates in the first iteration of building a new data warehouse make the structure of the dimensional model simpler?
References
Data warehousing
The right triangle altitude theorem or geometric mean theorem is a result in elementary geometry that describes a relation between the altitude on the hypotenuse in a right triangle and the two line segments it creates on the hypotenuse. It states that the geometric mean of the two segments equals the altitude.
Theorem and applications
If h denotes the altitude in a right triangle and p and q the segments on the hypotenuse then the theorem can be stated as:
or in terms of areas:
The latter version yields a method to square a rectangle with ruler and compass, that is to construct a square of equal area to a given rectangle. For such a rectangle with sides p and q we denote its top left vertex with D. Now we extend the segment q to its left by p (using arc AE centered on D) and draw a half circle with endpoints A and B with the new segment p+q as its diameter. Then we erect a perpendicular line to the diameter in D that intersects the half circle in C. Due to Thales' theorem C and the diameter form a right triangle with the line segment DC as its altitude, hence DC is the side of a square with the area of the rectangle. The method also allows for the construction of square roots (see constructible number), since starting with a rectangle that has a width of 1 the constructed square will have a side length that equals the square root of the rectangle's length.
Another application of provides a geometrical proof of the AM–GM inequality in the case of two numbers. For the numbers p and q one constructs a half circle with diameter p+q. Now the altitude represents the geometric mean and the radius the arithmetic mean of the two numbers. Since the altitude is always smaller or equal to the radius, this yields the inequality.
The theorem can also be thought of as a special case of the intersecting chords theorem for a circle, since the converse of Thales' theorem ensures that the hypotenuse of the right angled triangle is the diameter of its circumcircle.
The converse statement is true as well. Any triangle, in which the altitude equals the geometric mean of the two line segments created by it, is a right triangle.
History
The theorem is usually attributed to Euclid (ca. 360–280 BC), who stated it as a corollary to proposition 8 in book VI of their Elements. In proposition 14 of book II Euclid gives a method for squaring a rectangle, which essentially matches the method given here. Euclid however provides a different slightly more complicated proof for the correctness of the construction rather than relying on the geometric mean theorem.
Proof
Based on similarity
Proof of theorem:
The triangles and are similar, since:
consider triangles , here we have and , therefore by the AA postulate
further, consider triangles , here we have and , therefore by the AA postulate
Therefore, both triangles and are similar to and themselves, i.e. .
Because of the similarity we get the following equality of ratios and its algebraic rearrangement yields the theorem:.
Proof of converse:
For the converse we have a triangle in which holds and need to show that the angle at C is a right angle. Now because we also have . Together with the triangles and have an angle of equal size and have corresponding pairs of legs with the same ratio. This means the triangles are similar, which yields:
Based on the Pythagorean theorem
In the setting of the geometric mean theorem there are three right triangles , and , in which the Pythagorean theorem yields:
, and
Adding the first 2 two equations and then using the third then leads to:
.
A division by two finally yields the formula of the geometric mean theorem.
Based on dissection and rearrangement
Dissecting the right triangle along its altitude h yields two similar triangles, which can be augmented and arranged in two alternative ways into a larger right triangle with perpendicular sides of lengths p+h and q+h. One such arrangement requires a square of area h2 to complete it, the other a rectangle of area pq. Since both arrangements yield the same triangle, the areas of the square and the rectangle must be identical.
Based on shear mappings
The square of the altitude can be transformed into an rectangle of equal area with sides p and q with the help of three shear mappings (shear mappings preserve the area):
References
External links
Geometric Mean at Cut-the-Knot
Area
Articles containing proofs
Euclidean plane geometry
History of geometry
Theorems about right triangles
Conny Clara Aerts, born 26 January 1966, is a Belgian (Flemish) professor in astrophysics. They specialise in asteroseismology.  They are associated with KU Leuven and Radboud University, where they lead the Chair in the Astroseismology group. In 2012, they became the first woman to be awarded the Francqui Prize in the category of Science & Technology. In 2022, they became the third woman to be awarded the Kavli Prize in Astrophysics for their work in asteroseismology.
Biography
Aerts was born in Brasschaat, Belgium. They received their Bachelor and Master in Mathematics from the University of Antwerp. They participated in the International Astronomical Youth Camp in 1987 and 1988. They then went on to complete their PhD in 1993 at KU Leuven. After completing they spent several months doing research at the University of Delaware. They were a postdoctoral fellow with the Fund for Scientific Research from 1993 to 2001, when they were appointed lecturer at KU Leuven. They became first associate professor in 2004, and then full professor in 2007 at KU Leuven.
Research
In their research, they use the star oscillations to determine the internal rotation profile of stars. The oscillations are obtained from both ground and space-based telescopes. In their PROSPERITY project, they used data obtained from the CoRoT satellite and the NASA Kepler satellite.  They are currently the Belgian principal investigator on the PLATO mission,
Aerts developed methodology using Gaussian mixture classification to analyse the data. They use this to determine the star structure and inform stellar models within stellar evolution theory. With these techniques they have made a number of discoveries, including that of non-non-rigid rotation in giant stars.
The theoretical models they develop based on the star oscillations also allow them to determine the age of stars with a high accuracy.
Aerts has twice been awarded an Advanced Grant by the European Research Council (ERC): in 2008 for PROSPERITY, and again in 2015 for a project entitled MAMSIE (Mixing and Angular Momentum Transport of Massive Stars).
Outreach
Aerts is Vice-Dean of Communication & Outreach at the Faculty of Science at KU Leuven.  They are outspoken about the need to increase gender equality in the sciences, and is a member of the International Astronomical Union Women in Astronomy Working Group.
Prizes and recognition
In 2010 they were elected Honorary Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society.
In 2011 they were elected Member of the Royal Flemish Academy for Sciences and Arts.
In 2012 they won the Francqui prize.
In 2016 they received the title of Commander of the Order of Leopold.
In 2017 they were awarded the Hintze Lecture at Oxford University, delivering also a public lecture entitled "Starquakes expose stellar heartbeats".
In 2018 they were awarded the ESA Lodewijk Woltjer Lecture for their work in the field of asteroseismology.
In 2019, asteroid 413033 Aerts was named in their honor. The official was published by the Minor Planet Center on 18 May 2019 ().
In 2020 they were awarded the Research Foundation - Flanders (FWO) Excellence Prize in Exact Sciences.
In 2022 they were awarded the Kavli Prize in Astrophysics.
References
21st-century Belgian astronomers
Women astronomers
KU Leuven alumni
KU Leuven faculty
Radboud University Nijmegen faculty
1966 births
Living people
The Bohnacker Systeme GmbH is a German SME with its headquarters in the Swabian Rottenacker near Ulm. The Bohnacker Systems GmbH produces mainly shelving systems for consumers and pharmacies and shopfitting systems.
Bohnacker Systeme is European market leader in the shelves and storage systems for the end consumer.
Structure
The strategic business areas are within DIY Element System. About the brand Element System shelving system are mainly sold for DIY in building centers.
In rack systems in the DIY sector is DIY Element System GmbH European market leader, it is the market share in France and Austria at 80%, in the Benelux at around 70% and in the Switzerland and in Greece at around 50%.
For several years, also tried to tap new markets such as in Turkey and South America.
Locations
Rottenacker, Germany
Csót, Hungary
History
In 1954, the company in Blaubeuren founded by Rudolf Bohnacker. 1959 was the move to a new plant in Rottenacker. 1977, the company received connected to the European rail network. In 1986, the tool making to separate WMB Ltd. outsourced. In 1992 a plant in Hungary Csót opened.
External links
Bohnacker Systeme GmbH
Competition from China for Bohnacker
Element System european market leader
Companies based in Baden-Württemberg
Furniture companies of Germany
Fabio Berardi (1728–1788) was an Italian engraver of the Baroque period, active in Tuscany. They were born in Siena. They went to Venice when young, and trained under Joseph Wagner. Among other works, they engraved in 1767 a booklet of pictures about the life of emperor Francis I. They also engraved the following:
St. Seraphinus worshipping the Cross (1767)
A Woman sleeping, surprised by a Sportsman and Four Pastoral Subjects after Piazzetta.
Isaac blessing Jacob and a Sacrifice of Gideon after Pittoni
Jacob and Rachel after Giuseppe Varotti
Hagar and Ishmael in the Desert after J. Varana.
Six Views in Venice (1742); after Canaletto; engraved by Berardi and Wagner.
Sources
1728 births
1788 deaths
People from Siena
Italian engravers
Jesper Fredberg (born 11 May 1981) is a Danish football coach who works as a coach in Panathinaikos F.C.'s youth academy, previously having worked with the club's technical director, Nikos Dabizas, as the coach of AC Omonia's youth academy. Fredberg had a brief spell as caretaker manager for Omonia's senior side, replacing Ivaylo Petev for the last seven matches of the 2017–18 Cypriot First Division season. They had previously assisted Omonia's caretaker manager Akis Ioakim at the end of the 2016–17 season.
Playing career
Born Aarhus, Fredberg began their career as a professional player at the age of 15. They played in the club of AGF Aarhus.
Coaching career
Fredberg is one of the youngest professional coaches in Danish football. They have worked as a trainer, but also as a Technical Director and Talent Detector. They left their country very young for their country.
1998-2004 : TST Football (Denmark)
Head Coach of the young teams
2005-2007 : Brabrand IF (Denmark)
Head Coach of the young teams
2007-2009 : Aarhus GF (Denmark)
Head Coach of the young teams
2010-2013 : Brøndby IF (Denmark)
Head Coach of the young team
2013-2014 : Aarhus GF (Denmark)
Head Coach of the professional Team
2014-2016 : Danish Football Association (Denmark)
National Head Coach of U-23
2016-2018 : Athletic Club Omonia Nicosia (Cyprus)
Head Coach and Technical Director of the club's academy
2018-2019 : Panathinaikos Football Club (Greece)
Head Coach of the club's academy
2019- : Viborg FF (Denmark)
Sport Director
Personal life
Fredberg has a past in the Danish military as a Sergeant in The Royal Guard, and is a trained police officer. They speak Danish, English, German, Swedish and Greek fluently.
Degrees and titles
UEFA Pro Football Coach License recognized by FIFA
MBA in Economics from Aarhus Business school
MBA in Management from Aarhus Business school
Sergeant in The Danish Royal Guard
References
Living people
1981 births
AC Omonia managers
Danish football managers
Danish footballers
Panathinaikos F.C. managers
Association footballers not categorized by position
Footballers from Aarhus
WATX (1220 AM Stereo; "Connecticut Gold") is a radio station licensed to Hamden, Connecticut. The station, owned by Clark Smidt, was recently silent. The station, under its previous call sign WQUN, aired the adult standards format America's Best Music from Westwood One, before going silent on May 31, 2019. The station resumed broadcasting on May 28, 2020, to satisfy FCC requirements and retain the license for another six months until returning to the air with reduced power on May 8, 2021.
History
The beginning: WDEE
WATX first signed on the air as WDEE. The WDEE call letters were assigned in 1959, and the license to broadcast was awarded in 1960. There was also a license to build an FM sister station, to be known as WDEE-FM. But delays in building both stations ensued, and neither station could get on the air for several years. When WDEE finally began to broadcast, in mid-1962, it had 1,000 watts of power and was only allowed to operate from sunrise to sunset. By 1965, it had become one of the principal Top-40 rockers in the New Haven area. In the early hours of the morning of January 21, 1965, a fire broke out that destroyed the station's studios at 473 Denslow Hill Road in Hamden. The AM station returned to the air within a week, in new premises, but the FM station was unable to return to the air. WDEE-FM remained dark for more than fourteen months, at which time it was sold to new owners, New Haven-based Kops Communication. WDEE's ownership did not change at that time. However, WDEE was sold in June 1967, to Noel Coté, Frank Delfino, and Ted Quale, the owners of Bridgeport radio station, WICC.
WDEE becomes WCDQ
The station changed format in 1967 from top 40 to "Middle of the Road" (now "adult contemporary music"). With the change in ownership came a change in format, and an accompanying change in call letters: the new call letters were WCDQ, the initials of the station's new owners Cote, Delfino & Quayle. As WCDQ, the station switched to a country music format in the early '70s, then to oldies before returning to top 40 by the mid-1970s. Among the featured programming of the mid-'70s "1220 'CDQ", was "Ken Jordan's Jukebox" hosted by Ken Berger (on-air name of Ken Jordan). The show featured doo-wop and pre-Beatles rock and roll on Sunday afternoons until the station's sign-off at sundown. Other DJs during this era were Jerry Kristafer, Ken DeVoe and Jay McCormick.
Woman Radio and "PLR2"
In 1978, Robert Herpe, owner of WPLR in New Haven, purchased the station and adopted a format targeted specifically to women. Changing the call letters to WOMN, the new format debuted on August 28, 1978, calling itself "WOMAN Radio". Although it gained national attention, the new format failed, as it was unable to attract enough advertiser support. Scarcely more than a year after its debut, WOMN dropped the all-woman orientation and switched to a Top 40 format in September 1979, dropping all on-air references to WOMAN radio by February 1980. Later in 1980, the station changed to album-oriented rock, seeking to ride the coattails of its sister FM station WPLR by calling itself "PLR2" on air.
1980s & '90s: from country to Spanish language (and several formats inbetween)
The early 1980s saw another call letter switch, to WSCR, "Suburban Country Radio", in recognition of a new country format. In 1986, Pete Salant bought the station and changed it back to oldies as WNNR, "Winner Radio." Within months, Hartford's WDRC-FM shifted to oldies and forced Hamden's 1220 AM into its next incarnation in 1988, as WXCT ("Exciting 'XCT") with a locally produced adult contemporary format. In 1988 or '89, the station changed format to the Business Radio Network (now the Business Talk Radio Network). Around the spring of 1991, WXCT changed to all Spanish-language programming.
Quinnipiac buys 1220
In September 1996, Quinnipiac College acquired the Spanish-language WXCT. The station closed down as the college relocated the station's studios and offices to new facilities at 560 New Road in Hamden. The transmitter site remains at Denslow Hill Road. On February 7, 1997, following five months of silence as construction proceeded, WQUN signed on the air at 6:00 p.m. with the Music Of Your Life network. In January 2019, Quinnipiac announced that WQUN would cease operations at the end of May, citing the AM station's decreasing relevance to the student population. The license and transmitter was offered up for sale shortly thereafter. The station signed off at 6:00 p.m. on May 31, 2019.
On May 27, 2020, the call letters were changed to WATX. The station briefly returned to the air that May and June with National Weather Service forecasts, allowing Quinnipiac to maintain the broadcast license while it sought a buyer for the station. In October 2020, the university agreed to sell WATX to Nashua, New Hampshire-based Clark Media; the company's owner, Clark Smidt, had worked at WDEE during the summer of 1967. The sale was consummated on December 7, 2020.
On May 8, 2021 WATX returned to the air with an oldies format, branded as "Connecticut Gold".
References
External links
ATX
Radio stations established in 1960
1960 establishments in Connecticut
Oldies radio stations in the United States
Margate railway station serves the town of Margate in Thanet, Kent, England. It is down the line from . The station and all trains that serve the station are operated by Southeastern.
Trains from the station generally run to Victoria via or to via Ramsgate, Canterbury West and Ashford International. Peak hour trains run to St Pancras via Chatham and Gravesend and to .
History
Trains first reached Ramsgate in April 1846 when the South Eastern Railway (SER) opened a line from Canterbury. It terminated at Ramsgate SER, later to be called Ramsgate Town. Later the same year the line opened across Thanet to Margate, to Margate SER, (later Margate Sands). Trains from Canterbury for Margate had to reverse at Ramsgate Town; a chord was built bypassing the station in 1864, costing £13,707. St Lawrence for Pegwell Bay railway station was opened in 1864 just before this chord but closed in 1916.
The London Chatham & Dover Railway (LCDR) reached Margate from Herne Bay on 5 October 1863. This called at Margate LC&DR (later Margate West), East Margate (later Margate East), Broadstairs and via a tunnel terminated at Ramsgate LC&DR (later Ramsgate Harbour), located near the harbour and beach.
This arrangement was inherited by Southern Railway on grouping in 1923. To simplify the arrangement in 1926 a new line was opened connecting the SER line from the site of St Lawrence to the LCDR line just south of Broadstairs. The current Ramsgate station and a new station at Dumpton Park were built on this new line. The Ramsgate Harbour station, line through the tunnel, and the Ramsgate Town station and old SER line across to Margate Sands were all closed in July 1926. Margate West station was renamed Margate in 1926. Margate East closed on 4 May 1953.
Until 1967 a service operated between Margate and Birkenhead Woodside via Ashford, Redhill, Reading, Oxford, Birmingham Snow Hill and Shrewsbury. The stock was provided on alternate days by successors to the Southern Railway and the Great Western Railway, being the Southern Region and the Western Region under British Rail. At Ashford a portion from Sandwich, Deal and Dover was attached/detached, likewise a Brighton portion at Redhill.
Architecture
The station was rebuilt in 1926 by the SR's chief assistant architect, Edwin Maxwell Fry. The building is constructed in a monumental classical style from brown brick with a stone dressing and a hipped tiled roof. The booking hall was built in a similar manner, in a distinctive ellipse shape with pendant lighting. It was Grade II listed in 1987.
Cultural references
The station was featured in Only Fools and Horses, in the 1989 episode The Jolly Boys' Outing. Del Boy and Rodney discover the station is closed due to a strike, after being stuck in Margate following their coach blowing up.
Services
All services at Margate are operated by Southeastern using and EMUs.
The typical off-peak service in trains per hour is:
1 tph to London St Pancras International via and
1 tph to London St Pancras International via and
1 tph to via Chatham
2 tph to
Additional services including trains to and from and London Cannon Street call at the station in the peak hours.
References
Citations
Sources
External links
Margate
Railway stations in Kent
Former London, Chatham and Dover Railway stations
Railway stations in Great Britain opened in 1863
Railway stations served by Southeastern
Grade II listed railway stations
Grade II listed buildings in Kent
Art Deco architecture in England
Art Deco railway stations
de Brancas is a surname:
André de Brancas (d.1595), Admiral of France
Jean-Baptiste de Brancas (1693-1770), French bishop
Louis, Marquis of Brancas and Prince of Nisaro, also known as "Louis-Henri de Brancas-Forcalquier" and "Louis de Brancas de Forcalquier de Céreste" (1672-1750), Marshal of France
Henri-Ignace de Brancas, Bishop of Lisieux 1714–1760, brother of the above Louis
Louis-Léon de Brancas (1733-1824), 3rd duc de Lauraguais, 6th duc de Villars, French author
Nicola de Brancas, Bishop of Marseille 1445-1466
Marie Françoise de Brancas (d.1715), wife of Alphonse Henri, Count of Harcourt, rebuilt the Château d'Harcourt
duc de Brancas, any of a number of hereditary office-holders under the Ancien Régime of France
fr:Famille de Brancas
Kaleidoscope is an album by saxophonist Sonny Stitt compiling tracks recorded in 1950-52 and released on the Prestige label in 1957. The 1991 CD reissue added four bonus tracks to the original LP.
Reception
The Allmusic review stated "Deftly handling the alto, tenor, and baritone saxophone, bebop giant Sonny Stitt is heard to perfection here on a variety of early-'50s dates. Stitt not only shows off their patented speed throughout, but they go a long way in dispelling criticisms of them being all fire and no grace".
Track listing
All compositions by Sonny Stitt and Bill Massey except as indicated
"Stitt's It" - 2:35
"Cool Mambo" - 2:40
"Blue Mambo" - 2:25
"Sonny Sounds" - 2:29
"Ain't Misbehavin'" (Harry Brooks, Andy Razaf, Fats Waller) - 3:02
"Later" (Sonny Stitt) - 3:00
"P.S. I Love You" (Gordon Jenkins, Johnny Mercer) - 3:00
"This Can't Be Love" (Lorenz Hart, Richard Rodgers) - 2:47
"Imagination" (Johnny Burke, Jimmy Van Heusen) - 3:24
"Cherokee" (Ray Noble) - 2:33
"Can't We Be Friends" (Paul James, Kay Swift) - 2:41
"Liza (All the Clouds'll Roll Away)" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin, Gus Kahn) - 2:45
"To Think You've Chosen Me" (Bennie Benjamin, George David Weiss) - 3:11 Bonus track on CD reissue
"After You've Gone" (Henry Creamer, Turner Layton) - 2:25 Bonus track on CD reissue
"Our Very Own" (Jack Elliott, Victor Young) - 3:05 Bonus track on CD reissue
"'S Wonderful" (George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin) - 2:24 Bonus track on CD reissue
Recorded in New York City on February 17, 1950 (tracks 5 & 6), October 8, 1950 (tracks 13-16), December 15, 1950 (tracks 9 & 10), January 31, 1951 (tracks 11 & 12), February 1, 1951 (tracks 7 & 8) and February 25, 1952 (tracks 1-4)
Personnel
Sonny Stitt - tenor saxophone (tracks 1-6 & 13-16), baritone saxophone (tracks 7-8), alto saxophone (tracks 9-12)
John Hunt (tracks 1-4), Bill Massey (tracks 1-4 & 13-16), Joe Newman (tracks 1-4) - trumpet
Matthew Gee - trombone (tracks 13-16)
Gene Ammons - baritone saxophone (tracks 13-16)
Charlie Bateman (tracks 7, 8, 11 & 12), Kenny Drew (tracks 5 & 6), John Houston (tracks 1-4), Junior Mance (tracks 9-16) - piano
Tommy Potter (tracks 5 & 6), Ernie Shepherd (tracks 1-4), Gene Wright (tracks 7-16) - bass
Art Blakey (tracks 5, 6, 9 & 10), Wes Landers (tracks 13-16), Teddy Stewart (tracks 7, 8, 11 & 12), Shadow Wilson (tracks 1-4) - drums
Humberto Molares - congas (tracks 1-4)
Larry Townsend - vocals (tracks 13-16)
References
1957 compilation albums
Prestige Records compilation albums
Sonny Stitt compilation albums
Albums produced by Bob Weinstock
Véronique Müller (born 9 February 1948, in Morat) is a Swiss singer.
Biography
Before their musical career, they worked as Petula Clark's secretary. They also spent time in England where they were a pupil of Freddie Winrose, who was the producer of Shirley Bassey.
They represented Switzerland in the Eurovision Song Contest 1972 with the entry "C'est la chanson de mon amour" ("This the song of my love"), where they finished in 8th place. They later co-wrote Switzerland's entry in the 1980 contest, "Cinéma", performed by Paola, which placed 4th.
Discography
Albums
Y Usne Breitegrade (1984)
Viviamo Per Amare (1990)
Los E Mal... - Neui Lieder Für Chind Und Settegi Wo Gross Worde Sind (Unknown)
Véronique Muller Presents International And Swiss Popular Songs (Unknown)
Du (Unknown)
Wie Du Und Ig (Unknown)
Singles & EPs
C'est La Chanson De Mon Amour (1972)
Liebe, So Heisst Meine Welt (1972)
D'Abentür Vom Bärnhard Und Bianca (Schwyzerdütschi Version) (1977)
Easy (1978)
Sämeli (1978)
Chumm Uf d'Alp! = Viens Sur l'Alpe! (1979)
Holla Trulla (1979)
En Ardèche (Unknown)
Miscellaneous
Max Imal Cardinal (1998)
References
1948 births
Living people
Eurovision Song Contest entrants of 1972
People from the canton of Fribourg
Eurovision Song Contest entrants for Switzerland
20th-century Swiss women singers
Secretaries
The R766 road is a regional road in Ireland. The road connects Bray with its eastern suburbs and the seaside.
Route
The route begins at the junction of Bray Main Street and Quinnsborough Road. The route heads east down the Quinnsborough Road, passing the Carlisle Grounds and Bray Daly Station, crossing the level crossing and heading south along the Strand Road. The Strand Road is southbound only so northbound traffic follows the Meath Road instead. The route then heads west up the hill of the Putland Road. The route terminates at its junction with the R761 at The Vevay.
See also
Roads in Ireland
References
Roads Act 1993 (Classification of Regional Roads) Order 2006 – Department of Transport
Regional roads in the Republic of Ireland
Roads in County Wicklow
Drâa-El-Gamra is an archaeological site in Tunisia, the site of the ancient city of Gor. It remains a Latin Catholic titular see.
History
In Antiquity the location was known as Gor. It was originally a Punic city. The Roman era civitas, mentioned by Saint Augustine, was located beside the aqueduct to Carthage.
Drâa-El-Gamra was the seat of an ancient episcopal see of the Roman province of Africa Proconsularis.
Only two bishops are historically known. Victor took part in the council held at Carthage in 256 by Saint Cyprian to discuss the question of the lapsi. Restitutus intervened at the Council of Carthage (411).
Like most of the many suffragans of Carthage, it faded.
Titular see
Gor was nominally restored as a Latin titular bishopric in 1933.
It has had the following incumbents, all of the fitting episcopal (lowest) rank:
Emanuele Hanisch, Mill Hill Missionaries (M.H.M.) (13 April 1937 – 28 February 1940), as first Apostolic Vicar of Umtata (South Africa) (1937.04.13 – death 1940.02.28), promoted as last Apostolic Prefect of Umtata (1930.10.28 – 1937.04.13)
Eliseu van der Weijer, Carmelites (O. Carm.) (25 May 1940 – death 1966.01.25) as only-ever Bishop-Prelate of Territorial Prelature of Paracatu (Brazil) (1940.05.25 – retired 1962.04.14); previously Apostolic Administrator of above Paracatu (1929 – 1940.05.25)
Ramón Salas Valdés, Jesuits (S.J.) (5 December 1966 – 17 November 1977) as Bishop-Prelate of Arica (Chile) (1963.10.08 – 1986.08.29); later promoted first Bishop of Arica (1986.08.29 – resigned 1993.05.15), died 1999
Luiz Colussi (3 January 1978 – 28 March 1980) as Auxiliary Bishop of Londrina (Brazil) (1978.01.03 – 1980.03.28); later Coadjutor Bishop of Lins (Brazil) (1980.03.28 – 1980.10.11), succeeding as Bishop of Lins (Brazil) (1980.10.11 – 1983.12.05), finally Bishop of Caçador (Brazil) (1983.12.05 – death 1996.12.04)
Paul Consbruch (15 November 1980 – death 2 February 2012) as Auxiliary Bishop of Paderborn (Germany) (15 November 1980 – retired 11 March 1999)
Daniel Miehm Miehm (20 February 2013 –), Auxiliary Bishop of Hamilton (Canada), no previous prelature
See also
List of Catholic dioceses in Tunisia
References
Sources and external links
GCatholic with incumbent links
Gor
Gor
The blue pitta (Hydrornis cyaneus) is a species of bird in the family Pittidae found in the northeastern Indian subcontinent, southern China, and Indochina. It typically lives in moist forests but can also inhabit dry forest. It is an unobtrusive, solitary bird which feeds by foraging on the ground for insects and other small invertebrates.
Description
Pittas are medium-sized, stocky passerine birds with long legs and short tails. The blue pitta grows to a length of about . It has a yellow forehead and crown and a bright orange nape. A bold black stripe passes through the eye and there is a less well-defined, short stripe on the chin. The male has a blue back and tail and a pale bluish breast, speckled with black. The female has a grey back and a pale grey breast, speckled with black. The bill is dark grey and the legs are pale pink. The call is a long, drawn-out "pleoow-whit" or "choocoo-whip", ending suddenly.
Distribution and habitat
There are three subspecies: H. c. cyaneus occurs in northeastern India and eastern Bangladesh, Myanmar, northern Laos, Vietnam, southern Thailand and southern China; H. c. aurantiacus occurs in eastern Thailand and southwestern Cambodia; H. c. willoughbyi occurs in central Laos and southern Vietnam. The bird's altitudinal range is from sea level up to about . It is a forest bird, typical habitat being lowland and montane moist evergreen forest with bamboos, often near streams and in ravines, but it also occurs in drier tropical forests.
Ecology
Like other members of their genus, blue pittas are shy, secretive birds and usually occur singly, even juveniles foraging alone except when being visited by their parents; they will however respond to recordings of their call. They are diurnal, which enables them to see their often cryptic prey, but they often forage in darker areas of the forest. They search through plant litter on the forest floor for insects (especially beetles) and their larvae, spiders, snails, worms and grubs, flicking away leaves and probing the ground with their beaks. Breeding takes place in May and June in India and Myanmar, and between June and October in Thailand. The nest is a large, bulky dome-shaped structure with a side entrance, hidden amongst tangled plant growth.
Status
The blue pitta has a very wide range and although scarce in India and China, is common in suitable habitat over much of its range, being particularly abundant on the Bolaven Plateau in Laos. It is present in some protected areas, and the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed its conservation status as being of "least concern".
References
blue pitta
Birds of Bangladesh
Birds of Bhutan
Birds of Cambodia
Birds of China
Birds of Indochina
Birds of Laos
Birds of Myanmar
Birds of Northeast India
Birds of Thailand
Birds of Vietnam
blue pitta
Taxa named by Edward Blyth
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Route 124 is a highway in central Missouri. Its eastern terminus is at Route 22/151 in Centralia; its western terminus is at Route 240 east of Fayette.
Route 124 begins outside the small town of Fayette. About a half mile east of the town, and just passed Boone Femme Creek, Route 124 splits off of Route 240. After winding through a half mile of farmland, it intersects with the combined Routes H and HH. After two miles of farmland, Route 124 joins with Route A for one mile, before Route A splits off to the north.
Major intersections
References
124
Transportation in Howard County, Missouri
Transportation in Audrain County, Missouri
Transportation in Boone County, Missouri
"Untitled 03 | 05.28.2013.", (stylized "untitled 03 | 05.28.2013."), titled "Untitled 1" before its official release, is a song by American rapper Kendrick Lamar, featured on their compilation album, Untitled Unmastered.
Live performances
The song was performed publicly for the first time on December 16, 2014, on The Colbert Report, during promotion for Lamar's third studio album, To Pimp a Butterfly.
Charts
References
2013 songs
Kendrick Lamar songs
Songs written by Kendrick Lamar
Songs written by Bilal (American singer)
Songs written by Thundercat (musician)
Songs written by Terrace Martin
The 2018–19 Maryland Terrapins women's basketball team represented the University of Maryland, College Park in 2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Terrapins, led by seventeenth year head coach Brenda Frese, played their home games at the Xfinity Center as members of the Big Ten Conference. They finished the season 29–4, 15–3 in Big Ten play to win the Big Ten regular season championship. They advanced to the championship of the Big Ten Women's Tournament where they lost to Iowa State. They received an at-large to the NCAA women's basketball tournament as the No. 4 seed in the Albany region. There they defeated Radford before losing to UCLA in the Second Round.
Roster
Recruits
Awards and honors
Preseason
Kaila Charles
Coached Preseason All-Big Ten team
Media Preseason All-Big Ten team
Individual Awards
Brenda Frese
All-Big Ten Coach of the Year (coaches/media)
Taylor Mikesell
Unanimous All-Big Ten Freshman of the Year
First Team All-Big Ten (media)
Second Team All-Big Ten (coaches)
Big Ten All-Freshman Team
Kaila Charles
Unanimous First Team All-Big Ten (coaches/media)
Honorable Mention All-American (AP)
Stephanie Jones
Second Team All-Big Ten (Big Ten Media)
Honorable Mention All-Big Ten
Shakira Austin
Big Ten All-Freshman Team
Big Ten All-Defensive Team
Honorable Mention All-Big Ten (Big Ten Media)
Sarah Myers
Big Ten Sportsmanship Award Honoree
Schedule and results
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Non-conference regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Ten regular season
|-
!colspan=9 style=| Big Ten Women's Tournament
|-
!colspan=9 style=| NCAA Women's Tournament
Source
Rankings
2018–19 NCAA Division I women's basketball rankings
^Coaches did not release a Week 2 poll.
See also
2018–19 Maryland Terrapins men's basketball team
References
External links
Official Team Website
Maryland Terrapins women's basketball seasons
Maryland
Maryland
Maryland
Maryland
Vanity Fair is a 1946 play by the British writer Constance Cox, based on William Makepeace Thackeray's novel of the same name.
It premiered at the Q Theatre before transferring to the Comedy Theatre in London's West End where it ran for 70 performances between 29 October and 21 December 1946. A studio production of this play was broadcast live on BBC television on 3 September 1950 and again on 7 September, starring Belle Chrystall.
References
Bibliography
Kabatchnik, Amnon. Blood on the Stage, 1950-1975: Milestone Plays of Crime, Mystery, and Detection. Scarecrow Press, 2011.
Wearing, J.P. The London Stage 1940-1949: A Calendar of Productions, Performers, and Personnel. Rowman & Littlefield, 2014.
1946 plays
West End plays
Plays set in the 19th century
Plays set in London
Plays by Constance Cox
Plays based on novels
Baykal () is a village in Nurimanovsky District of the Republic of Bashkortostan, Russia.
Rural localities in Nurimanovsky District
First Lady of Slovakia or Gentleman of Slovakia (Prvá Dáma in Slovak) is the title attributed to the wife or husband of the president of Slovakia. The country's current first gentleman is Juraj Rizman, partner of President Zuzana Čaputová, who had held the position since June 15, 2019.
The position should not be confused with the husband or wife of the Prime Minister of Slovakia.
History
Emília Kováčová, the country's inaugural first lady from 1993 to 1998, created the official protocols and symbols for the new office of the first lady.
First ladies and gentlemen of Slovakia
References
Slovakia
Slovak women in politics
sk:Prvá dáma Slovenskej republiky
Chandrmondol Sobhon Bhagiawati,Wichitwathakan, Wibun. Satri sayam nai adit [Feminine Siamese in the past]. Bangkok : Sangsan Books, 1999, p. 157 the Princess Wisutkrasat (; ; ; 24 April 1855 — 14 May 1863) also known as Princess Fa-ying or Somdetch Chow Fa-ying (; "Royal highness Princess") was a Princess of Siam and daughter of King Mongkut and Queen Debsirindra.
Biography
Princess Chandrmondol was born at the Grand Palace in Bangkok, on 24 April 1855, the only daughter of King Mongkut and Queen Debsirindra. Chandrmondol had an elder brother, Prince Chulalongkorn and younger brother, Prince Chaturonrasmi and Prince Bhanurangsi Savangwongse.
They were initially named Chandrmondol, and changed to Chandrmondol Sobhon Bhagiawati in 1862 by order of King Mongkut. their father called their "Nang Nu" (; "the little daughter"), and Palace officials affectionately called them "Fa-ying".
Princess Chandrmondol was tutored in the English language and Western manners by Anna Leonowens.
They died of cholera on May 14, 1863 and was buried in Sanam Luang in Bangkok. When Chulalongkorn was crowned in 1867, they were posthumously given the title the Princess Wisutkrasat ( "the Lady of Purity") on 3 May 1884.
Legacy
They were a "Princess Fâ-ying" a character in Anna and the King. Wisut Kasat Road was another name for Princess Chandrmondol.
Ancestry
References
External links
Princess Fa-Ying on IMDb
19th-century Thai royalty who died as children
1855 births
1863 deaths
Thai female Chao Fa
People from Bangkok
Children of Mongkut
Deaths from cholera
Glyptostoma gabrielense, commonly known as the San Gabriel Chestnut or San Gabriel Chestnut Snail, is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Megomphicidae. They are found in the region of the San Gabriel Mountains and lowlands in parts of the Los Angeles Basin, including the Angeles National Forest and the San Gabriel Mountains National Monument.
References
Megomphicidae
Gastropods described in 1938
In computer science, consistent hashing is a special kind of hashing technique such that when a hash table is resized, only keys need to be remapped on average where is the number of keys and is the number of slots. In contrast, in most traditional hash tables, a change in the number of array slots causes nearly all keys to be remapped because the mapping between the keys and the slots is defined by a modular operation.
History
The term "consistent hashing" was introduced by David Karger et al. at MIT for use in distributed caching, particularly for the web. This academic paper from 1997 in Symposium on Theory of Computing introduced the term "consistent hashing" as a way of distributing requests among a changing population of web servers. Each slot is then represented by a server in a distributed system or cluster. The addition of a server and the removal of a server (during scalability or outage) requires only items to be re-shuffled when the number of slots (i.e. servers) change. The authors mention linear hashing and its ability to handle sequential server addition and removal, while consistent hashing allows servers to be added and removed in an arbitrary order.
The paper was later re-purposed to address technical challenge of keeping track of a file in peer-to-peer networks such as a distributed hash table.
Teradata used this technique in their distributed database, released in 1986, although they did not use this term. Teradata still uses the concept of a hash table to fulfill exactly this purpose. Akamai Technologies was founded in 1998 by the scientists Daniel Lewin and F. Thomson Leighton (co-authors of the article coining "consistent hashing"). In Akamai's content delivery network, consistent hashing is used to balance the load within a cluster of servers, while a stable marriage algorithm is used to balance load across clusters.
Consistent hashing has also been used to reduce the impact of partial system failures in large web applications to provide robust caching without incurring the system-wide fallout of a failure. Consistent hashing is also the cornerstone of distributed hash tables (DHTs), which employ hash values to partition a keyspace across a distributed set of nodes, then construct an overlay network of connected nodes that provide efficient node retrieval by key.
Rendezvous hashing, designed in 1996, is a simpler and more general technique . It achieves the goals of consistent hashing using the very different highest random weight (HRW) algorithm.
Basic Technique
In the problem of load balancing, for example, when a BLOB object has to be assigned to one of servers on a cluster, a standard hash function could be used in such a way that we calculate the hash value for that BLOB, assuming the resultant value of the hash is , we perform modular operation with the number of servers ( in this case) to determine the server in which we can place the BLOB: ; hence the BLOB will be placed in the server whose is successor of in this case. However, when a server is added or removed during outage or scaling (when changes), all the BLOBs in every server should be reassigned and moved due to rehashing, but this operation is expensive.
Consistent hashing was designed to avoid the problem of having to reassign every BLOB when a server is added or removed throughout the cluster. The central idea is, we use a hash function that randomly maps both the BLOB and servers to a unit circle, usually radians. For example, (where is hash of a BLOB or server's identifier, like IP address or UUID). Each BLOB is then assigned to the next server that appears on the circle in clockwise order. Usually, binary search algorithm or linear search is used to find a "spot" or server to place that particular BLOB in or complexities respectively; and in every iteration, which happens in clockwise manner, an operation (where is the value of the server within the cluster) is performed to find the server to place the BLOB. This provides an even distribution of BLOBs to servers. But, more importantly, if a server fails and is removed from the circle, only the BLOBs that were mapped to the failed server need to be reassigned to the next server in clockwise order. Likewise, if a new server is added, it is added to the unit circle, and only the BLOBs mapped to that server need to be reassigned.
Importantly, when a server is added or removed, the vast majority of the BLOBs maintain their prior server assignments, and the addition of server only causes fraction of the BLOBs to relocate. Although the process of moving BLOBs across cache servers in the cluster depends on the context, commonly, the newly added cache server identifies its "successor" and moves all the BLOBs, whose mapping belongs to this server (i.e. whose hash value is less than that of the new server), from it. However, in the case of web page caches, in most implementations there is no involvement of moving or copying, assuming the cached BLOB is small enough. When a request hits a newly added cache server, a cache miss happens and a request to the actual web server is made and the BLOB is cached locally for future requests. The redundant BLOBs on the previously used cache servers would be removed as per the cache eviction policies.
Implementation
Let and be the hash functions used for the BLOB and server's unique identifier respectively. In practice, a binary search tree (BST) is used to dynamically maintain the within a cluster or hashring, and to find the successor or minimum within the BST, tree traversal is used.
Inserting into the cluster
Let be the hash value of a BLOB such that, where and . To insert , find the successor of in the BST of s. If is larger than all of the s, the BLOB is placed in the server with the smallest value.
Deleting from the cluster
Find the successor of in the BST, remove the BLOB from the returned . If it has no successor, remove the BLOB from the smallest of the s.
Insert a server into cluster
Let be the hash value of a server's identifier such that, where and . Move all the BLOBs, whose hash value is smaller than , from the server whose is successor of . If is largest of all the s, move the relevant BLOBs from the smallest of the s into .
Delete a server from cluster
Find the successor of in the BST, move the BLOBs from into its successor server. If it doesn't have a successor, move the BLOBs into the smallest of the s.
Variance Reduction
To avoid skewness of multiple nodes within the radian, which happen due to lack of randomness in the distribution of the servers within the cluster, multiple labels are used. Those duplicate labels are called "virtual nodes" i.e. multiple labels which point to a single "real" label or server within the cluster. The amount of virtual nodes or duplicate labels used for a particular server within a cluster is called the "weight" of that particular server.
Practical Extensions
A number of extensions to the basic technique are needed for effectively using consistent hashing for load balancing in practice. In the basic scheme above, if a server fails, all its BLOBs are reassigned to the next server in clockwise order, potentially doubling the load of that server. This may not be desirable. To ensure a more even redistribution of BLOBs on server failure, each server can be hashed to multiple locations on the unit circle. When a server fails, the BLOBs assigned to each of its replicas on the unit circle will get reassigned to a different server in clockwise order, thus redistributing the BLOBs more evenly. Another extension concerns a situation where a single BLOB gets "hot" and is accessed a large number of times and will have to be hosted in multiple servers. In this situation, the BLOB may be assigned to multiple contiguous servers by traversing the unit circle in clockwise order. A more complex practical consideration arises when two BLOBs are hashed near each other in the unit circle and both get "hot" at the same time. In this case, both BLOBs will use the same set of contiguous servers in the unit circle. This situation can be ameliorated by each BLOB choosing a different hash function for mapping servers to the unit circle.
Comparison with Rendezvous Hashing and other alternatives
Rendezvous hashing, designed in 1996, is a simpler and more general technique, and permits fully distributed agreement on a set of options out of a possible set of options. It can in fact be shown that consistent hashing is a special case of rendezvous hashing. Because of its simplicity and generality, Rendezvous Hashing is now being used in place of Consistent Hashing in many applications.
If key values will always increase monotonically, an alternative approach using a hash table with monotonic keys may be more suitable than consistent hashing.
Complexity
The is an average cost for redistribution of keys and the complexity for consistent hashing comes from the fact that a binary search among nodes angles is required to find the next node on the ring.
Examples
Known examples of consistent hashing use include:
Couchbase automated data partitioning
OpenStack's Object Storage Service Swift
Partitioning component of Amazon's storage system Dynamo
Data partitioning in Apache Cassandra
Data partitioning in Voldemort
Akka's consistent hashing router
Riak, a distributed key-value database
Gluster, a network-attached storage file system
Akamai content delivery network
Discord chat application
Chord algorithm
References
External links
Understanding Consistent hashing
Consistent hashing by Michael Nielsen on June 3, 2009
Consistent Hashing, Danny Lewin, and the Creation of Akamai
Jump Consistent Hashing: A Fast, Minimal Memory, Consistent Hash Algorithm
Rendezvous Hashing: an alternative to Consistent Hashing
Implementations in various languages:
C
C++
C#
Erlang
Go
Java
PHP
Ruby
Python
Python (again)
Perl
Perl6
Hashing
The 1913 Canton Professionals season was their fifth season in the Ohio League. The team finished with a record of 4-2-2.
Schedule
Game notes
References
Canton Bulldogs seasons
Canton Bulldogs
Canton Bulldogs
The Xijiang Railway Bridge (), is located on the Guangzhou to Nanning highspeed railway with a 450-meter main span that is the world's longest railway-only arch bridge and, together with the Mingzhou Bridge, the second largest steel box arch after the Lupu Bridge in Shanghai. The basket handle arch carries 2 railway lines over the Xi River.
See also
List of the longest arch bridge spans
References
Arch bridges in China
Through arch bridges in China
Steel bridges in China
Ron Ormond (born Vittorio Di Naro, August 29, 1910 – May 11, 1981) was an American author, showman, screenwriter, film producer, and film director of Western, musical, and exploitation films. Following their survival of a 1968 plane crash, Ormond began making Christian films.
Early life
Ron Ormond was born Vittorio Di Naro, anglicised to Vic Narro. They took their surname from their friend, magician and hypnotist Ormond McGill. Ormond married the vaudeville singer and dancer June Carr (1912–2006) six weeks after they met them during a run of 1935 stage performances at the Capitol Theater in Portland, Ore. Calling themselves "Rahn Ormond," Ormond performed magic and acted as the show's master of ceremonies. They remained married until their death. They became partners in film production and had two sons. The first son, Victor, died of pneumonia, and their second son, Tim, acted in several of their films. June Ormond's father actor, former nightclub owner and burlesque comic Cliff Taylor, also appeared in many of the Ormond's films.
Career
Ormond's first film was as an uncredited technical director on The Shanghai Cobra (1945). Ormond formed Western Adventure Productions, Inc. in 1948 and formed a partnership with Lash LaRue, writing and producing and eventually directing their films. Western Adventure Productions ceased operating in 1951 after completing eight films, but four more films were made into 1952 using large amounts of footage from the previous films with various names credited for the screenplays such as Ormond's young son Tim and associate producer Ira Webb.
Ormond's first credit was 1948's Dead Man's Gold. Ormond made their directing debut in King of the Bullwhip with La Rue in 1950. Ormond also wrote a series of Westerns starring former Hopalong Cassidy sidekicks James Ellison and Russell Hayden and filmed vaudeville acts for a film released by Robert L. Lippert. Western Adventure acquired re-issue rights to a number of Hal Roach's Laurel and Hardy comedies, and distributed them along with their own productions.
As the economics of producing B picture Westerns changed in the era of television, Ormond moved into other exploitation genres by forming a company called Howco from the initials of Ormond's collaborators, drive-in movie owners J. Francis White and Joy Houck with films such as Mesa of Lost Women, Untamed Mistress, Teenage Bride (also known as Please Don't Touch Me) and country-music movies such as 1965's 40 Acre Feud, featuring country-music stars George Jones, Bill Anderson and Skeeter Davis, and 1967's White Lightnin' Road, a racetrack melodrama starring country singer and frequent Ormond actor Earl "Snake" Richards.
During the 1950s Ormond spent eight months with Ormond McGill in Asia writing the book Religious Mysteries of the Orient/Into the Strange Unknown, about psychic surgery. Other books by McGill and Ormond include The Master Method of Hypnosis, The Art of Meditation, and The Magical Pendulum of the Orient.
Later years
In the mid-'60s Ormond produced roller derby on television for Leo Seltzer, with their son Tim as one of the players in the children's version of the sport. Tim loved it. Ron, not so much.
At the time, roller derby was big business, at least for Leo Seltzer, a San Fernando Valley business person. Ormond managed the derby, which held weekly skate-offs at the Olympic auditorium in downtown Los Angeles. Ormond ended up leaving the Derby after telling Seltzer, "I can't work for you and still remain your friend, and I consider you a good friend."
After making more exploitation films such as The Monster and the Stripper and 1966's The Girl from Tobacco Row, Ormond began making films about Christianity in the 1970s. They had crashed their single-engine airplane into a field near Nashville in 1966 while en route to a screening of The Girl from Tobacco Row, and they seem to have emerged from the accident—he spent months recovering from serious injuries—a Christian. Made with Mississippi evangelist Estus Pirkle, If Footmen Tire You, What Will Horses Do?, The Burning Hell
and The Believer's Heaven address the second coming of Jesus Christ, communism and American conformism, with Pirkle's preaching the basis of the films. In 1979 they directed 39 Stripes, the tale of a former chain-gang member who converts to Christianity. They also directed 1976's The Grim Reaper, produced by June Ormond, as well as Surrender at Navajo Canyon for Pete Rice, and a travelogue for John Rice. The Second Coming was next on the agenda, but Ormond died of cancer before production. The script was written by Tim Ormond, and produced by them and June Ormond. The film is dedicated to the memory of Ron Ormond and John Rice.
Biographer Jimmy McDonough has been working on a Ormond family biography for years. Film director Nicolas Winding Refn is said to be publishing the book in the near future.
References
External links
Ron Ormond at GCDB
Ron Ormond at IMDB
Ron Ormond at Turner Classic Movies
1910 births
1981 deaths
20th-century American businesspeople
American film directors
American film producers
Survivors of aviation accidents or incidents
Jaspal Rana (born 28 June 1976) is an Indian shooter. They contested mainly in the 25 m Centre Fire Pistol category. They were a gold medallist at the 1994 Asian Games, 1998 Commonwealth Games - Men's Center Fire Pistol, Men's Center Fire Pistol Pairs, 2002 Commonwealth Games - Men's 25m Center Fire Pistol, 2006 Commonwealth Games - Men's 25m Center Fire Pistol Pairs, and 2006 Asian Games. At present, Rana coaches at the Jaspal Rana Institute of Education and Technology in Dehradun.
Career
At the age of 12, Jaspal Rana made their first accomplishment at their national debut winning a silver at the 31st National Shooting Championship held at Ahmedabad in 1988. Their astounding performance earned them huge accolades and appreciation at their very first win. They grabbed their first grand international glory at the 46th World Shooting Championship (Junior Section) with a world record score in Milan, Italy in the year 1994.
At the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, they equaled the world record in 25 m Center Fire Pistol with 590 points (he had made this score twice previously; in 1995 in Coimbatore, and 1997 in Bangalore in the national competitions). Their other significant achievements include gold medals in 1998 Commonwealth Games - Men's Center Fire Pistol, Men's Center Fire Pistol Pairs, 2002 Commonwealth Games - Men's 25m Center Fire Pistol and 2006 Commonwealth Games in Men's 25m Centre Fire Pistols with Samaresh Jung.
The Indian Olympic Association sparked controversy when it announced that Rana would receive the 'Best Sportsperson' award at the Asian Games, but instead, Korea's Park Tae-Hwan received the honor. Rana took this entire incident very gracefully ignoring the entire goof-up.
Major achievements
Gold Medal in the 1994 Asian Games in Hiroshima
Gold medal in Men's 25m Centre Fire Pistol (Pairs) with Samaresh Jung at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Gold Medals in 25m Standard Pistol and 25m Center Fire Pistol at the 2006 Asian Games on 7-8 Dec 2006
While winning the 25 m Center Fire Pistol event, Rana equalled the world record by aggregating 590 points.*
Awards and recognition
In 1994, they were awarded Arjuna Award, the second highest award for achievement in sport, by the Indian government at an age of eighteen, by twenty one they became Padma Shri and in between they were awarded National Citizen award by none other than Mother Teresa, other awards of national fame also came their way like windfall.
Political career
Shortly after the Asian Games, Rana entered into the realm of politics. They were then a member of the ruling party, Bhartiya Janta Party and contested in Lok Sabha elections from Tehri. In the 2009 Lok Sabha Elections they lost to Vijay Bahuguna of Congress. Later in the year 2012, they joined INC and is presently an active member of the party in Uttarakhand.
Personal life
Their father, Narayan Singh Rana is a politician and their coach. They have two siblings Sushma Singh (Rana), who is also the daughter-in-law of Rajnath Singh, an eminent BJP leader and Subhash Rana. Both their siblings are also accomplished shooters.
They were married to Reena Rana, a fashion designer and national level shooter, and has two children, daughter Devanshi, and son Yuvraj.
References
Rana equals world record at Asiad, wins gold.
Exclusive Interview of Jaspal Rana after their 3 Gold haul in Doha Qatar Games.
External links
http://www.issf-sports.org/shooters/shooter.ashx?personissfid=SHINDM2806197601 Jaspal Rana profile} at ISSF
Jaspal Rana Institute of Education and Technology
Indian male sport shooters
ISSF pistol shooters
Shooters at the 2006 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games gold medallists for India
Sport shooters from Uttarakhand
People from Uttarkashi
Living people
1976 births
Recipients of the Arjuna Award
Asian Games gold medalists for India
Delhi University alumni
Bharatiya Janata Party politicians from Uttarakhand
Asian Games medalists in shooting
Shooters at the 1994 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1998 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2002 Asian Games
Shooters at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for India
Asian Games bronze medalists for India
Commonwealth Games medallists in shooting
Recipients of the Padma Shri in sports
Medalists at the 1994 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Shooters at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Olympic shooters of India
Recipients of the Dronacharya Award
Dibgalik (; Dargwa: Дибгалихъ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Guladtynsky Selsoviet, Dakhadayevsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 554 as of 2010. There are 6 streets.
Geography
Dibgalik is located 6 km southeast of Urkarakh (the district's administrative centre) by road. Buskri and Chishili are the nearest rural localities.
Nationalities
Dargins live there.
References
Rural localities in Dakhadayevsky District
Bolshoy Gorokh () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 58 as of 2002.
Geography
Bolshoy Gorokh is located 41 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Osovaya is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
Sherritt International is a Canadian resource company, based in Toronto, Ontario. Sherritt is a world leader in the mining and refining of nickel and cobalt – metals essential for the growing adoption of electric vehicles. Its Technologies Group creates innovative, proprietary solutions for oil and mining companies around the world to improve environmental performance and increase economic value. Sherritt is also the largest independent energy producer in Cuba. Sherritt's common shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol “S”.
Operations
Mining
Moa Joint Venture
Sherritt has a 50/50 partnership with General Nickel Company S.A. (GNC) of Cuba (the Moa Joint Venture) and a wholly‑owned fertilizer business and sulphuric acid, utilities and fertilizer storage facilities in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, Canada (Fort Site) that provides additional sources of income.
The Moa Joint Venture mines, processes and refines nickel and cobalt for sale worldwide (except in the United States). The Moa Joint Venture is a vertically‑integrated joint venture that mines lateritic ore by open pit methods and processes them at its facilities at Moa, Cuba into mixed sulphides containing nickel and cobalt. The mixed sulphides are transported to the refining facilities in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta. The resulting nickel and cobalt products are sold to various markets, primarily in Europe, Japan and China. At current depletion rates, the concessions of the Moa Joint Venture are planned to be mined until at least 2034. In Q2 2019, the Moa Joint Venture filed an updated National Instrument 43-101 technical report on SEDAR that confirmed the current mineral reserves and outlined increased mineral resources with the potential to extend Moa's mine life.
The Fort Site facilities provide inputs (ammonia, sulphuric acid and utilities) for the Moa Joint Venture metals refinery, produces agriculture fertilizer for sale in Western Canada and provides additional fertilizer storage and administrative facilities. The metals refinery facilities in Fort Saskatchewan have an annual production capacity of approximately 35,000 (100% basis) tonnes of nickel and approximately 3,800 (100% basis) tonnes of cobalt.
Ambatovy Joint Venture
In 2007, Sherritt acquired a 40% interest in the Ambatovy Joint Venture to develop and build a vertically-integrated nickel and cobalt mining, processing, refining and marketing operation in Madagascar. The Joint Venture reached commercial production in 2014 and comprises (i) a mine and an ore preparation plant located in the immediate vicinity of the ore bodies near Moramanga in eastern central Madagascar, (ii) a pipeline, approximately 220 kilometres long, to transport the mined laterite ore in the form of prepared slurry from the ore preparation plant at the mine to the processing plant which is located just south of the port city of Toamasina, and (iii) a processing plant, including a refinery, that produces LME-grade finished nickel, as well as cobalt metal.
In 2017, Sherritt exchanged CAD1.4 billion in debt to its joint venture partners for 28% of its interest in the joint venture. In 2020, Sherritt exchanged its 12% interest in the joint venture for the remaining partner loans.
Oil and gas
Sherritt's Oil and Gas division explores for oil and gas primarily from reservoirs located offshore, but in close proximity to the coastline along the north coast of Cuba. Specialized long reach directional drilling methods are being used to economically exploit these reserves from land‑based drilling locations.
Sherritt currently has an interest in three PSCs in the exploration phase.
In addition, Sherritt holds working‑interests in several oil fields and the related production platform located in the Gulf of Valencia in Spain.
Electricity
Sherritt's primary power generating assets are located in Cuba at Varadero, Boca de Jaruco and Puerto Escondido. These assets are held by Sherritt through its one‑third interest in Energas S.A. (Energas), which is a Cuban joint arrangement established to process raw natural gas and generate electricity for sale to the Cuban national electrical grid. Cuban government agencies Unión Eléctrica (UNE) and Unión Cubapetróleo (CUPET) hold the remaining two‑thirds interest in Energas.
Raw natural gas is supplied to Energas by CUPET free of charge. The processing of raw natural gas produces clean natural gas, used to generate electricity, as well as by‑products such as condensate and liquefied petroleum gas. All of Energas' electrical generation is purchased by UNE under long‑term fixed‑price contracts while the by‑products are purchased by CUPET or a Cuban entity providing natural gas to the City of Havana at market based prices. Sherritt provided the financing for the construction of the Energas facilities and is being repaid from the cash flows generated by the facilities.
The Energas facilities, which consist of the two combined cycle plants at Varadero and Boca de Jaruco, produce electricity using natural gas and steam generated from the waste heat captured from the gas turbines. Energas' electrical generating capacity is 506 MW.
Fertilizer
Sherritt owns assets, which produce fertilizer products, primarily for sale in the Western Canadian market, and which provide some of the critical input requirements for the Fort Saskatchewan metals refinery. Revenue is derived primarily from the sale of nitrogen fertilizers, and of sulphate fertilizers produced directly or indirectly as a by-product of the metals refining process.
Technologies
Sherritt's Technologies group provides technical support, process optimization and technology development services to Sherritt's operating divisions, and identifies opportunities for the Corporation as a result of its research and development activities. Its activities include the internally focused development of technologies that provide strategic advantages to the Corporation; evaluating, developing and commercializing process technologies for natural resource based industries, in particular for the hydrometallurgical recovery of non-ferrous metals; and providing technical support for Sherritt's operations, marketing and business development arms.
History
The company was named after Carl Sherritt, an American citizen and teamster on local rail construction projects who, after becoming a trapper and prospector, staked copper prospects in the Cold Lake area of Manitoba; and J. Peter Gordon, a civil engineer who had also worked on the railroad construction. Eldon Brown was the company's first employee and general superintendent.
The Sherritt process, hydrometallurgical cobalt extraction techniques that enhance recovery from nickel-cobalt sulfide concentrates, is named for Sherritt Gordon Mines Ltd.
1927: Incorporation of Sherritt Gordon Mines Limited.
1954: Construction of the refinery at Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta.
1957: Sherritt purchased the interests of Chemico in all patents in the chemical metallurgical field in which Sherritt was involved.
1991: Sherritt acquires Canada Northwest Energy Limited, a producer of oil and gas.
1993: Company renamed to Sherritt Inc.
1994: Sherritt becomes the largest producer of nitrogen and phosphate fertilizers in Canada after acquiring fertilizer assets from Imperial Oil Limited.
1995: Incorporation of Sherritt International Corporation, with interest in mining, oil and gas and technology business in Cuba. Nickel, cobalt, oil and gas production begins in Cuba.
1998: Creation of Sherritt Power Corporation, building gas-fired electricity generation plants in Cuba, with a 30% interest in Energas SA.
1998: Sherritt acquires 37.5 percent share of Cubacel, the cellular telephone operator in Cuba for $US38 million. Sherritt also created a company called “Sherritt Green,” a small agricultural branch of the company, cultivating a variety of vegetables for the tourist market as well as a 25 percent share of the Las Americas Hotel and golf course in Varadero and a 12.5 percent share of the Melia Habana Hotel. These investments have been sold.
2001: Creation of Luscar Energy Partnership in cooperation with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan Board by acquiring Luscar Ltd., Canada's largest coal producer for a deal worth $CDN 1 billion.
2005: Two Canadian energy conglomerates, Sherritt International and Pebercan Inc, discovered a new oil field off Cuba's northern coast containing 100 million barrels of oil.
2007: Sherritt acquires Dynatec mining corporation in a friendly takeover. Among the assets was the Ambatovy mine nickel project in Madagascar.
2008: Sherritt acquires all outstanding shares from Royal Utilities Income Trust. Royal Utilities Income Trust owned Prairie Mines & Royalty Ltd, that operates thermal coal mines in Saskatchewan and Alberta.
2008: Sherritt Technologies, a Division of Sherritt International Corporation, Licenses Technology to Chinese Zinc Producer.
2010: Sherritt to acquire a controlling interest from Rio Tinto in the Sulawesi Nickel Project in Indonesia. The Sulawesi Project currently ranks as one of the largest known undeveloped, greenfield laterite nickel deposits in the world. This project has since been abandoned.
2012: The Ambatovy Joint Venture begins production - reaches commercial production in 2014.
2014: Sherritt sells coal investments for $946 million (CDN) to Westmoreland Coal Company.
2016: Sherritt bondholders support a 3-year extension of maturities.
2018: Sherritt further strengthens its balance sheet by repurchasing $130 million of debentures following a successful equity unit offering.
2019: Sherritt's Cuban partners ratify overdue receivables agreement for the repayment of US$150 million.
2019: Sherritt reaches 3 billion pounds of cumulative nickel production at its refinery in Fort Saskatchewan
2020: Sherritt completed a balance sheet initiative aimed at improving the Corporation's liquidity which resulted in reducing debt levels by more than $300 million, annual cash interest payments by $16 million, extending our first material debt repayment to November 2026, and exchanging its 12% interest the Ambatovy Joint Venture for amounts owed to the Ambatovy Partners.
References
External links
Sherritt International Corporation Official site.
Sherritt International Financial Reports
Sherritt International at Yahoo Finance
Chemical companies of Canada
Mining companies of Canada
Natural gas companies of Canada
Oil companies of Canada
Electric power companies of Canada
Cobalt mining companies
Non-renewable resource companies established in 1927
1927 establishments in Manitoba
Oil and gas companies of Cuba
Companies listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange
Metal companies of Canada
Nickel mines in Cuba
Mining companies of Madagascar
Cornelyn is an area in the community of Llangoed, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 131.2 miles (211.2 km) from Cardiff and 207.4 miles (333.8 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Rigmor Andersen (11 December 1903, Aarhus - 10 March 1995, Søllerød) was a versatile Danish designer, educator and author. Above all they are remembered for maintaining the traditions of Kaare Klint's furniture school at the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts.
Early life
The daughter of journalist Hans Emil Andersen, Rigmor Andersen was born in Aarhus, Jutland. After matriculating from Rysensteen Gymnasium in 1922 and a one-year drawing course at the technical school, they were admitted to the Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts where they studied under Kaare Klint at their newly founded Furniture School. They were impressed by their analytical teaching method and their interest in functional solutions. Towards the end of their studies, they worked for the designer Poul Henningsen (1927–29), contributing to designs which culminated in their classical PH Lamps.
Career
From 1929 to 1939, Andersen worked in Klint's studio, becoming one of their most trusted colleagues. Thanks to their competent, self-assured approach, they were soon an indispensable contributor to many of the studio's projects. In 1931, they were assigned their first independent task, designing furniture for Kvinderegensen, a women's student residence on Amager Boulevard in Copenhagen. The building's architect, Helge Bojsen-Møller, was reluctant to allow a young lady to handle the assignment but Andersen, appreciating the nature of the task, created a series of simple, almost timeless pieces of furniture and carefully developed plans for the different rooms: the assembly hall, the library and 56 bedrooms. The furniture for the communal rooms was in mahogany with leather upholstery, that for the students' rooms in beech. The bedrooms were fitted out with a bed, desk, bookcase, two chairs (one with arms) and a stool. The assignment led to them collaborating with several furniture makers, as they produced items which were frequently exhibited at the Cabinetmakers Guild's annual fairs. Among their exhibits were a bedroom in elm and mahogany as well as chairs, desks and some 50 semicircular tables with flaps in African mahogany. In 1966, they were responsible for designing the graphics room at Maribo Museum and, in 1980, they exhibited a bureau at Den Permanente, a design exhibition for craftsmen and producers.
Them work also includes an elegantly shaped, beautifully detailed silverware cabinet from 1936 which was exhibited at the Swedish National Museum in Stockholm in 1942. In 1948, a copy was made for the Danish Design Museum in Copenhagen. Them work was also exhibited at home and abroad: at the Danish Art Treasures presentation in London (1948), at Charlottenborg Spring Exhibition in Copenhagen (1968), and at Malmö Museum in Sweden (1971).
Collaborative work
In addition to their design work, in 1948 Andersen entered a competition with sculptor Inge Finsen for memorials for resistance workers and for the accidental bombing of the French School. The same year the two completed a remembrance wall at Copenhagen's Domus Medica for physicians who lost their lives in the fight for freedom during the World War II.
In 1962, they collaborated with the designer Annelise Bjørner, creating an elegant bed with an unusual seating feature. Together they also designed a woman's bedroom in Oregon pine and mahogany and entered various furniture and silverware competitions. In 1967, they designed cutlery, including an elegant storage cabinet, as the National Bank's wedding gift for Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik. It was later marketed as Margrethebestikket (Margrethe Cutlery). They also designed furniture for both domestic and foreign manufacturers. In 1968, Annelise Bjørner and Rigmor Andersen were together awarded the Eckersberg Medal for the Margrethe Pattern.
Teaching
For almost 30 years, from 1944 to 1973, Andersen taught at the Royal Academy's Furniture School where they did their utmost to maintain Klint's traditions and approach. They enthusiastically collected and catalogued materials and sketches, gave talks and, in 1979, published their well-prepared work: Kaare Klint møbler (Kaare Klint Furniture).
See also
Danish modern
Danish design
References
Literature
Andersen, Rigmor: Kaare Klint møbler, 1979, Copenhagen, Kunstakademiet, 93 p.
Danish furniture designers
Danish women designers
1903 births
1995 deaths
People from Aarhus
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts faculty
Royal Danish Academy of Fine Arts alumni
Danish modern
Recipients of the Eckersberg Medal
Bukola Samuel-Wemimo (née Coker) is a media personality and Nigerian journalist.  They are a news anchor at Channels TV. Before moving to Channel TV, they were the host of a political TV Show Fireworks, at TVC News.
Education
Samuel-Wemimo attended St Mary's Private School, Lagos for their primary education, had their secondary education at Abeokuta Girls Grammar School, Ogun State and their tertiary education at Lagos State University where they earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and International Studies.
Career
Samuel-Wemimo started their broadcasting career as an undergraduate at Lagos Television in 2001 and moved to TVC News in 2006. At TVC News, they doubled as a reporter and TV presenter, hosting a Fireworks and Journalist Hangout. In 2021, Samuel-Wemimo joined Channels TV as a news anchor. On December 30, 2020, they were detained by operatives of the Department of State Services.
Award
In 2017, Samuel-Wemimo won City People Awards For Excellence as TV Presenter of the year. In 2019, They were nominated as Television Programme Presenter of the Year at the 27th edition of the Nigeria Media Merit Award but lost the position to Seun Okinbaloye of Channels TV.She got a Commendation Award for their report on Depression and Suicide at 14th Wole Soyinka Award for Investigative Reporting and went ahead to win the 15th Wole Soyinka award for Investigative reporting Television Category in 2020 for their report on sexual abuse and how police cog the wheels of justice. In 2021, they were one of the 21 female journalists selected for training on identifying and reporting sexual and gender-based violence issues (SGBV) by The Wole Soyinka Centre for Investigative Journalism (WSCIJ).
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Nigerian women journalists
Lagos State University alumni
Television personalities from Lagos
Old Yeller is a 1957 American drama western film directed by Robert Stevenson and produced by Walt Disney. It stars Tommy Kirk, Dorothy McGuire, Kevin Corcoran, and Fess Parker. It is about a boy and a stray dog in post-Civil War Texas. The film is based upon the 1956 novel of the same name by Fred Gipson. Gipson also co-wrote the screenplay along with William Tunberg. The film's success led to a 1963 sequel, Savage Sam, which was based on a 1962 book by Gipson.
In 2019, the film was selected for preservation into the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress for being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Plot
In the late 1860s, Jim Coates leaves their wife Katie, their teenage son Travis, and their small son Arliss to collect cattle in Kansas. While Jim is away, Travis sets off to work in the cornfield, where they encounter a Black Mouth Cur they name "Old Yeller", as "yeller" is a dialect pronunciation of "yellow" and the dog's bark resembles a human yell. Travis unsuccessfully tries to shoo the dog away, but Arliss defends them from Travis. However, Yeller's habit of stealing meat from smokehouses and robbing hens' nests does not endear them to Travis, but their mother agrees with the idea of Arliss having a dog.
Later, Arliss tries to capture a black bear cub by feeding it cornbread and grabbing it. Its angry mother hears their cub wailing and attacks, but Old Yeller frightens them away, winning over the family. Travis grows to love and respect Old Yeller, who comes to profoundly affect the boy's life.
Bud Searcy and their granddaughter Lisbeth come for supper one day, and Lisbeth takes Travis aside to tell them Old Yeller has been stealing food all over the county. After they and Bud leave, Travis scolds Old Yeller. The next day, Old Yeller proves themselves as a cow dog by protecting Travis from Rose, their cow, and restraining them while Travis milks them
One day, Old Yeller's original master, Burn Sanderson, arrives looking for their dog. Realizing that the Coates family really needs Old Yeller, they agree to trade them to Arliss for a horny toad and a home-cooked meal. Sanderson later takes Travis aside and warns them of the growing plague of hydrophobia (rabies).
One day, Travis sets out to trap a family of feral hogs. Advised by Bud Searcy, they sit in a tree, trying to rope them from above as Old Yeller corners them. However, Travis then falls into the group of hogs and is attacked by one. Old Yeller defends Travis as they crawl away with an injured leg. However, Old Yeller is severely injured by the hog and Travis hides them in a large hole. Travis' mother then retrieves Old Yeller and uses horse hair to suture their wounds. As Old Yeller recovers, Searcy warns the Coates family of hydrophobia in the area but Katie chastises them for trying to scare Travis. Searcy leaves, and Lisbeth stays with the Coateses to help them harvest corn. Travis assures Katie that the hogs were not rabid, and both they and Old Yeller recover.
Later, the family sees their cow, Rose, stumbling and foaming at the mouth. Travis confirms that they are rabid and shoots them While Katie and Lisbeth burn their body that night, a wolf suddenly attacks them. Katie's scream alerts Travis, who runs outside with a rifle, just in time to see Old Yeller fighting off the wolf. Travis successfully shoots the wolf, but not before it bites Old Yeller on the neck. Katie tells Travis that because no healthy wolf would attack near a burning area, the wolf was rabid. Katie then suggests shooting Old Yeller, but Travis insists that they instead pen them in the corn crib to see if they show symptoms of the disease. After remaining quarantined, the Coateses believe that Old Yeller escaped infection. However, one night, when Travis goes to feed Old Yeller, they growl at them aggressively. Travis suspects that Old Yeller may have been infected but says nothing. Later that night, Arliss obliviously tries to open the corn crib to release Old Yeller. Katie slams the door shut as Old Yeller snarls and tries to attack. Katie then tells Travis that Old Yeller is suffering and returns Arliss to the house. Katie returns with the rifle, but Travis takes it, reluctantly shoots Old Yeller and departs.
Upset over their dog's death, Travis declines a new puppy sired by Old Yeller. Jim then returns with money and gifts for the family. Katie tells them about the dog, and Jim discusses it with Travis. Upon returning to the farmhouse, Travis observes the puppy stealing a piece of meat, a habit inherited from Old Yeller. Travis then accepts the puppy, "Young Yeller," as their new dog.
Cast
Spike as Old Yeller
Fess Parker as Jim Coates
Dorothy McGuire as Katie Coates
Tommy Kirk as Travis Coates
Kevin Corcoran as Arliss Coates
Jeff York as Bud Searcy
Beverly Washburn as Lisbeth Searcy
Chuck Connors as Burn Sanderson
Comic book adaptation
The film was adapted into a 1957 comic book published by Dell Comics. It was issue #869 of Four Color comic series, and was reprinted in 1965.
Reception
Box office
During its initial theatrical run, Old Yeller earned $5.9 million in box office rentals from the United States and Canada. The film was re-released in 1965, and earned an estimated $2 million in domestic rentals.
Critical reaction
Bosley Crowther of The New York Times praised the film's performers and called the film "a nice little family picture" that was a "lean and sensible screen transcription of Fred Gipson's children's book." They further described the film as a "warm, appealing little rustic tale [that] unfolds in lovely color photography. Sentimental, yes, but also sturdy as a hickory stick." Time magazine felt the "action, in short, is exciting for everybody, but all too often the dialogue is only for the very young." However, they heralded the film as being "for the kids that adults will stay to enjoy themselves. Old Yeller propounds a major tenet of Disney philosophy: a dog should be a dog, and a boy should act like a man."
Harrison's Reports wrote the film "is fine entertainment for all, even though it has a special appeal for the children." John L. Scott of the Los Angeles Times praised the two child actors for "their naturalness and ability", as well as Spike the dog, writing that they "may be well be the next movie star dog." In summary, they wrote that "[t]he production is not a great one; but it will bring families back to the theater."
Legacy
Old Yeller went on to become an important cultural film for baby boomers, with Old Yeller's death in particular being remembered as one of the most tearful scenes in cinematic history. On the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 100% based on 22 reviews, with a weighted average of 8.20/10. The critical consensus reads: "Old Yeller is an exemplary coming of age tale, packing an emotional wallop through smart pacing and a keen understanding of the elemental bonding between humanity and their furry best friends." One critic cited it as "among the best, if not THE best" of the boy-and-his-dog films. Critic Jeff Walls wrote:
Old Yeller, like The Wizard of Oz and Star Wars, has come to be more than just a movie; it has become a part of our culture. If you were to walk around asking random people, you would be hard-pressed to find someone who did not know the story of Old Yeller, someone who didn't enjoy it or someone who didn't cry. The movie's ending has become as famous as any other in film history.
See also
List of American films of 1957
Savage Sam
References
External links
1957 films
1957 drama films
American adventure drama films
American children's drama films
American Western (genre) films
1957 Western (genre) films
Films about euthanasia
American coming-of-age films
1950s English-language films
Animal adventure films
Films about dogs
Films adapted into comics
Films based on American novels
Films based on children's books
Films directed by Robert Stevenson
Films produced by Bill Anderson (producer)
Films produced by Walt Disney
Films set in Texas
Films set in the 1860s
Films scored by Oliver Wallace
Rabies in popular culture
United States National Film Registry films
Walt Disney Pictures films
1950s American films
Bohumila Grögerová (7 August 1921 – 22 August 2014) was a Czech and Czechoslovak poet, experimental poet, and translator. They translated more than 180 writings from French and German in collaboration with their professional and life partner, Czech poet Josef Hiršal, who died in 2003. They also authored children's books and radio plays.
Biography
Grögerová was born on 7 August 1921 in Prague, Czechoslovakia. They graduated from Městské dívčí reálné gymnázium (Practical City Gymnasium for Girls).
They enrolled at Charles University in Prague, but left before completing their studies in Czech and Russian.
In 2009, Grögerová won the Magnesia Litera prizes for best poetry book and best book for their collection, Rukopis (Manuscript). The Czech chapter of PEN International also honored them with its lifetime achievement award in 2009 as well.
Bohumila Grögerová died in Prague on 22 August 2014 at the age of 93.
References
1921 births
2014 deaths
Czech poets
Czech women writers
Czech translators
Magnesia Litera winners
Writers from Prague
20th-century poets
20th-century women writers
20th-century translators
Czechoslovak writers
Richard Allen Peterson (February 26, 1923 – June 4, 2000) was a fighter ace and a major in the United States Army Air Forces.
Early life and education
Peterson was born in Hancock, Minnesota and attended the University of Minnesota. They left the university in June 1942 to become an aviation cadet.
World War II
After finishing flight training in March 1943, Peterson was assigned to the 357th Fighter Group and had 15.5 air victories and destroyed 3.5 aircraft on the ground. Their P-51 Mustang aircraft were named Hurry Home Honey after their wife's letter closing.  They are also known for forcing a German pilot to bail out of their aircraft, then shooting them in their parachute. According to Peterson, they did this in retaliation after witnessing that same pilot deliberately shooting American airmen in their parachutes.
Post war
After World War II, Peterson returned to the University of Minnesota and obtained a degree in Architecture which became their career.
Awards and decorations
Peterson was awarded the Silver Star, Distinguished Flying Cross with 3 oak leaf clusters, and Air Medal with 10 oak leaf clusters.
See also
Chuck Yeager
Bud Anderson
Leonard K. Carson
John B. England
Minnesota Aviation Hall of Fame
References
External links
1923 births
2000 deaths
American World War II flying aces
Aviators from Minnesota
Recipients of the Silver Star
Recipients of the Distinguished Flying Cross (United States)
Recipients of the Air Medal
United States Army Air Forces officers
United States Army Air Forces pilots of World War II
Will Simmons (June 4, 1884 – January 1, 1949) was an American painter. Their work was part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1936 Summer Olympics. Their father was the painter and muralist Edward Emerson Simmons, one of the famous group called Ten American Painters.
References
1884 births
1949 deaths
20th-century American painters
American male painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Elche
20th-century American male artists
Crescenta Valley High School is a high school in La Crescenta, California. Around 2500 students attend the school, which serves North Glendale, unincorporated La Crescenta and Montrose, as well as a municipal neighborhood on the western boundary of the City of La Cañada Flintridge.
Crescenta Valley received a National Blue Ribbon School award in 2000 and a California Distinguished School award in 2005. Crescenta Valley received a Bravo Award for excellence in the arts from Los Angeles County in 2005. CVHS was awarded again by the California Department of Education in 2019 with California Distinguished School with Exemplary Programs in Arts Education, and Physical Activity and Nutrition. In 2012, the school made headlines after a 15-year-old student jumped off the roof committing suicide.
Notable alumni
Trevor Bell, MLB pitcher
Billy Booth, child actor, Dennis the Menace, and lawyer
Natalia Cigliuti, television and movie actor
Bethany Cosentino, guitarist and vocalist of Best Coast
Michele Greco, WNBA champion, played with the Seattle Storm
Brad Holland, NBA player
Tom Holmoe, 4 x Super Bowl Winning Safety for the 49ers and current BYU Athletic Director
Mike Hull, NFL player
John Huh, pro golfer
Nada Kawar, Olympic athlete for Jordan
Eric Lloyd, child actor and producer
Harvey Mason Jr., award-winning music and film producer
Mike Norseth NFL player
Bill Slayback, baseball player for Detroit Tigers (1972–1974)
Tinashe, singer
Wil Wheaton, actor, Star Trek: The Next Generation
Steven Zaillian, Academy Award-winning screenwriter
Jason Hedrick, US Military Aviator
References
External links
Crescenta Valley High School Web Page
Educational institutions established in 1960
High schools in Los Angeles County, California
Public high schools in California
Education in Glendale, California
Buildings and structures in Glendale, California
1960 establishments in California
Teeters Nunatak () is a nunatak (615 m) standing 5 nautical miles (9 km) north of Hodgson Nunatak in the Hudson Mountains, Antarctica.
It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–66. It was named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Robert E. Teeters, U.S. Navy, storekeeper at Byrd Station, 1966.
Hudson Mountains
Nunataks of Ellsworth Land
Volcanoes of Ellsworth Land
Miocene stratovolcanoes
"The Blackfly Song" is a song by Wade Hemsworth, written in 1949, about being tormented by black flies while working in the wilds of Northern Ontario. It is an enduring classic of Canadian folk music, covered by a variety of other artists. A new version of the song (with accompanying vocals by Kate & Anna McGarrigle) which had a completely different tempo than the original, was made into an animated short film entitled Blackfly by Christopher Hinton and the National Film Board in 1991, and was nominated for Best Animated Short Film at the 64th Academy Awards, and for Best Animated Short at the 13th Genie Awards, in 1992.
Plot and musical elements of the song
Although Hemsworth had stated they wrote the song while in Labrador, the song talks about the experiences they had while accompanying a Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario crew surveying the Little Abitibi River to to determine the feasibility of erecting a dam, the Abitibi Canyon Generating Station. They also mentioned "I wasn't with Black Toby … that was another expedition. I was writing a song; I wasn't writing literature."
It has been described as a "breakneck romp", characterized by a lively pace, though the first and last verses are reflective and slower. In addition, the verses for the most part hold an upbeat key, coming into contact with the abrasive chorus. Hemsworth provided a folksy tone and Canadian raising, and added some unique touches. To illustrate resentment for the flies, they place heavy emphasis on "black" in the words "black fly", but arguably the most distinct part of the song is where the word "Ontario" is stretched to "On-terr-eye-oh-eye-oh" (a pronunciation also used at times by other artists, such as Alan Mills and Stan Rogers).
Selection from the song
First Verse
'Twas early in the spring when I decided to go
To work up in the woods in North Ontario
And the unemployment office said they'd send me through
To the Little Abitibi with the survey crew
Chorus
And the black flies, the little black flies
Always the black fly no matter where you go
I'll die with the black fly a-pickin' my bones
In North Ontar-eye-o-eye-o, In North Ontar-eye-o
References
External links
Download Link for the Black Fly Song
The Canadian Encyclopedia article
The official short film at the NFB site
Page from the site of former Abitibi Canyon residents, with RealAudio file of locals singing the song
1949 songs
Wade Hemsworth songs
Culture of Ontario
Culture of Northern Ontario
Songs about insects
Canadian comedy songs
Songs about Canada
Gaugrehweiler is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Municipalities in Rhineland-Palatinate
Donnersbergkreis
Palatinate (region)
1.Cuz is a Swedish rapper from Hässelby in Stockholm, born in Somalia. They always perform wearing a white and black balaclava over their head to cover it, and has not revealed their true name or identity to the public.
They have spent two years in prison, an experience that has influenced their music.
Their music career started when they released the song "Akta mannen" in late November 2018, and in December 2019 their first studio album 1 År peaked at number one on the Swedish Albums Chart.
Discography
Albums
EPs
Singles
Featured singles
Other charted songs
Notes
References
External links
1.Cuz på Spotify
Swedish rappers
Living people
Swedish people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Somalian emigrants to Sweden
Masked musicians
Unidentified musicians
Prisoners and detainees of Sweden
Danuvius may refer to:
Danube – river in Europe; Danuvius in Latin
Danuvius (deity) – ancient Roman river god
Danuvius guggenmosi – extinct great ape
Virginia's 26th Senate district is one of 40 districts in the Senate of Virginia. It has been represented by Republican Mark Obenshain since 2004, succeeding fellow Republican Kevin Miller.
Geography
District 26 is located in the upper Shenandoah Valley, covering Page County, Rappahannock County, Shenandoah County, Warren County, the City of Harrisonburg, and part of Rockingham County.
The district overlaps with Virginia's 5th and 6th congressional districts, and with the 15th, 18th, 25th, 26th, and 29th districts of the Virginia House of Delegates. It borders the state of West Virginia.
Recent election results
2019
2015
2011
Federal and statewide results in District 26
Historical results
All election results below took place prior to 2011 redistricting, and thus were under different district lines.
2007
2003
1999
1995
References
Virginia Senate districts
Harrisonburg, Virginia
Page County, Virginia
Rappahannock County, Virginia
Shenandoah County, Virginia
Warren County, Virginia
Rockingham County, Virginia
Edgar Arthur Ashcroft (5 September 1864 – 24 August 1938) was an electrical engineer who developed an electrolytic process for extracting zinc metal from its sulphides.
History
Ashcroft was born in Sunderland, England, a son of George Ashcroft and their wife Sophia, née Davey.
After qualifying as a mechanical and electrical they were brought out to Australia by Broken Hill Proprietary Ltd to instal an electric lighting plant at its Broken Hill facilities.
While there, they and John Howell developed a steam generator using slag from the smelters as a source of heat.
They were impressed with the vast quantities of zinc sulphide tailings at the mines, regarded as waste due to the expense and complexity of existing methods of extracting zinc metal from the ore.
Collaborating with one Dr. Carl Schnabel of Clausthal, Germany, they developed a wet electrolytic method of extracting the metal, which they patented in 1894.
They left BHP and in 1895 founded the Sulphide Corporation (Ashcroft Process) Limited with a capital of £1,100,000, with which it purchased Ashcroft's patents and the Broken Hill Central Mine.
In 1897 Ashcroft and the corporation set up the world's first electrolytic zinc works at Cockle Creek, near Newcastle, New South Wales.
The process failed to live up to expectations however. The problems involved in up-scaling had been minimized, and the benefits exaggerated. Despite major modifications under general managers Randolph Adams and from 1897 C. F. Courtney, the process was deemed a failure and the plant largely dismantled.
The Sulphide Corporation continued in the business of refining zinc ore, but reverted to the roasting method.
Ashcroft returned to England amid controversy, and with James Swinburne continued experimentation, but despite being based on sound scientific principles, commercial success eluded them.
Ashcroft retired to Ancrum House, Roxburghshire, Scotland, and died in nearby Polton, survived by their wife Irene, née Dulier.
Postscript
Sulphide Corporation Ltd. went into voluntary liquidation in 1950, and was taken over by Sulphide Corporation Pty. Ltd., created for the purpose, a wholly owned subsidiary of Consolidated Zinc.
Memberships
Australasian Institute of Mining Engineers
(London) Institution of Mining and Metallurgy
References
1864 births
1938 deaths
Australian metallurgists
19th-century Australian inventors
Australian chemical engineers
Australian electrical engineers
History of Broken Hill
Not After Midnight, and other stories is a 1971 collection of five long stories by Daphne du Maurier. It was first published in Britain by Gollancz (with a cover by Daphne du Maurier's daughter Flavia Tower), and in America by Doubleday under the title Don't Look Now. In 1973 it was re-published in the UK by Harmondsworth (Penguin) as Don't Look Now, and other stories.
Plots
"Don't Look Now"
John and their grief-stricken wife Laura take a holiday in Venice following the death of their daughter, Christine, from meningitis; their son, Johnnie, attends a preparatory school in England. They encounter middle-aged identical twin sisters, one of whom is blind and claims to have psychic abilities. During a night out, John hears a cry and sees what appears to be a small girl wearing a pixie-hood running along an alley and leaping across some moored canal boats before disappearing into a nearby house, apparently intent on escaping from unseen danger. The sisters tell Laura that John unwittingly has the gift of second sight, and that Christine is trying to warn them that they are in danger if they remain in Venice. They learn that the city has been plagued by a series of recent murders.
Johnnie's principal telegraphs the couple's hotel to inform them that their son has been taken ill. Laura leaves to fly back to England immediately, but long after their plane should have departed John unexpectedly sees them on a vaporetto with the sisters, apparently heading back to the hotel in a distressed state. John searches for hours but is unable to locate their wife, and they eventually report their disappearance to the police. Later that evening, John decides to call their son's school and is astounded to learn that Laura is in fact in England after all. They make their way to the police station to apologise. They meet the sisters at the police station and escorts them back to their pension, where the psychic sister falls into a trance.
John leaves hurriedly and, disorientated, stumbles upon the alley from the previous evening. Once again, they catch sight of the little pixie-hooded figure, but this time sees a man in pursuit. Attempting to protect the figure from a presumed murderer, they follow them to a small room into which they have retreated and bolts the door from the inside. As their pixie-hood drops to the floor, the 'child' is revealed not to be a little girl at all, but a middle-aged female dwarf. Police bang on the door. Grinning, the dwarf pulls a knife from their sleeve and throws it at John, piercing their throat. As they slump to the floor, John has a vision of the vaporetto and realises it is a premonition of the scene in a few days' time when Laura and the sisters will return for their funeral.
"Not After Midnight"
Timothy Grey, a preparatory school principal, takes a holiday to the Greek island of Crete with the intent of finding some solitude in which to paint. On arrival at their hotel, they ask to move their accommodation to a better chalet, near the water's edge, which the hotel management agrees to with some reluctance. The reason becomes clear when they discover that the chalet's previous occupant had drowned while swimming at night. Also staying at the hotel is Stoll, a drunken and obnoxious American, and their silent and apparently deaf wife. They spend every day out in a small boat, ostensibly fishing.
Grey finds a card in their chalet left by the previous occupant reading, “Not after midnight” and the number 38, which they realise is the number of Stoll's chalet. One morning, Grey follows the couple and discovers that their days are being spent collecting ancient artefacts from a local shipwreck, with Mrs Stoll diving and supplying the finds to their husband on the beach. Grey is spotted, and that evening Stoll offers a gift, presumably to keep them quiet. Their wife invites them to visit their chalet, but “not after midnight”. Grey does not go, and late that night they are visited by a snorkeller who leaves a wrapped gift on their veranda. It is a jar or rhyton, shaped into the form of a head resembling Stoll, with dancing satyrs above. Grey passes an exhausting night, having bizarre dreams of insidious and sweet pleasure with the boys from their school.
In the morning, Grey resolves to return the unwanted gift, but finds that the Stolls have departed. They drink a barley-tasting concoction that Stoll had prepared and left behind. Determined to find out more about the Stolls' activities, they hire a boat and when exactly over the wreck looks into the depths to see Stoll's body, drifting in the current, tied to an anchor. In a panic Grey throws the jar into the sea, but realises that they are too late, that the jar's head is becoming their own likeness, and that they too will soon become another victim of the smiling god Dionysus.
"A Border-Line Case"
Shelagh Money, a 19-year-old aspiring actor who goes by the stage name of Jennifer Blair, is looking forward to their first big theatre role, playing Viola/Cesaro in Twelfth Night. However, Shelagh may miss the opportunity as they feel obliged to stay with their seriously ill father. As they look through an old photograph album, Shelagh's father reminisces about a former friend, Commander Nick Barry, who was the best man at their wedding and who appears in a photograph with the bride and groom. They regret that they and Nick were never reconciled after the time when, as Nick's superior in the Royal Navy, they felt unable to recommend them for promotion. Suddenly and quite unexpectedly, Shelagh's father stares at them with a look of horror and disbelief on their face; they collapse and dies.
Feeling that they should pass on their father's last wish of reconciliation, Shelagh travels to Ireland in search of Nick, checking into a hotel. The locals are reluctant to talk, but they discover that Nick lives a reclusive life on a small island. When Shelagh attempts to investigate further, they are kidnapped and taken to the island as Nick's involuntary 'guest'.  They are shocked to see that they keep on their desk a framed copy of their father's wedding photograph, which had been doctored to swap around the heads of the groom and the best man.
Nick who is now an IRA commander begins questioning Shelagh. Acting on impulse, they tell them that they are a journalist and gives their stage name. Nick tells them that the photograph is of their own wedding, and that their wife died shortly afterwards. Shelagh finds themselves strongly attracted to Nick. When they take them to view a bombing raid on targets just north of the border, they have passionate sex in the back of a grocer's van. Nick admits that the photograph is indeed a fake: a practical joke that the new bride took rather badly at the time. They got their own back by getting them drunk while their husband was away, and having what they calls 'a rough-and-tumble on the sofa'. Although Shelagh disapproves of their youthful indiscretion, they tell Nick they love them and wants to be together.
Shelagh is taken back not to the island but to their hotel, and Nick departs. They make no further contact and, dejected, they have no option but to return to England. On the opening night of their play, Shelagh is ready to go on as Viola/Cesaro when they receive a package. It is a letter from Nick and a photograph that they initially take to be of themselves in the role of Cesaro, but is in fact of Nick in the same role when they were a boy. Nick explains that they had reminded them of somebody - and has since realised that that person was himself. Shelagh at last understands their presumed father's dying look of horror and disbelief; with their last breath they had realised the truth.
"The Way of the Cross"
A disparate party from the middle-class village of Little Bletford take a sightseeing cruise to the Middle East, led by their local vicar. All are in their own individual ways unsatisfied with their lives and their relationships. When their vicar falls ill, just before a planned 24-hour excursion ashore to Jerusalem, their place is taken by the inexperienced Reverend Babcock, a man more used to mixing with the youth of their own slum parish in Huddersfield. On the first night of the cruise, Robin, a precocious nine-year-old and grandson of one of the couples, suggests a walk to the Garden of Gethsemane.
In the dark, among the bushes and trees, two people overhear things about themselves that force them to re-evaluate their lives. The next day, several of the party experience mishaps and personal humiliations, and by the end of the excursion all apart from Robin have met the fate that they most dread. In dealing with the disasters the whole group learn a great deal about themselves and their loved ones, and they return happier people.
"The Breakthrough"
Stephen Saunders is sent to an isolated laboratory on the salt marshes of the East Coast to help out with a secret project.  They are told that the laboratory is in need of an electrical engineer, but is given no other details. On arrival, Stephen discovers that they are expected to help operate the computer for an experiment to trap a human's vital spark, or psychic energy, at the point of death and prevent it from going to waste. The test subject is Ken, an affable young assistant who is dying of leukaemia.
As Ken lies on the point of death they are put under hypnosis along with Niki, a backward child whom the scientists have found to be susceptible. Niki is asked to 'stay with Ken' as their life ebbs away, and initially it seems that the experiment has been a success, with the instruments showing that Ken's energy has been captured. But after the point of death Niki, still under hypnosis, reports that Ken is asking the experimenters to let them go, and they realise that they may have captured more of Ken than their psychic energy. Horrified, they disconnect the apparatus and release the energy.
Background
"The Breakthrough" is the earliest story in the collection, written in 1964 in response to a request from Kingsley Amis who was hoping to edit a collection of science-fiction stories, a collection which never ultimately appeared. It was written before The House on the Strand, for which it was in some ways a rehearsal.
"A Borderline Case" is the only story rooted in personal experience. In 1932, du Maurier had met and been attracted to the British officer Eric Dorman-Smith, who in the post-war years became involved with the IRA. They had tried to locate them while holiday in Ireland, but without success. In 1968, however, they contacted them by letter and they responded with a poem. After their death in 1969, du Maurier felt able to incorporate some of these incidents into their story; the details, they stressed, were "purely imaginary".
Critical reception
Reviewing the book under its American title Don't Look Now, Margaret Millar of The New York Times was lukewarm. While acknowledging du Maurier's popularity, they felt the book to be a collection of five uneasy pieces in which "the reader is given an intriguing situation, a series of neatly planted clues and a generous number of plot twists".
Du Maurier's biographer Margaret Forster considered "Not After Midnight" to be a 'not very successful story', demonstrating how the author's liking for intricate plot could lead them into complications which made them writing tortuous. They thought however that "The Way of the Cross" worked well, and noted that at one stage du Maurier considered turning it into a novel but was worried that they would not be able to maintain the tension. "The Breakthrough" they found to be skilfully worked, with an atmosphere of chilling menace which du Maurier themselves had greatly liked.
Adaptations
The story "Don't Look Now" has been adapted in several media: a 1973 film directed by Nicolas Roeg; a 2001 BBC Radio 4 Classic Serial by Ronald Frame; and a 2007 stage play by Nell Leyshon.
References
1971 short story collections
Short story collections by Daphne du Maurier
Victor Gollancz Ltd books
Laverne Cox (born May 29, 1972) is an American actor and LGBT advocate. They rose to prominence with their role as Sophia Burset on the Netflix series Orange Is the New Black, becoming the first transgender person to be nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in an acting category, and the first to be nominated for an Emmy Award since composer Angela Morley in 1990. In 2015, they won a Daytime Emmy Award in Outstanding Special Class Special as executive producer for Laverne Cox Presents: The T Word, making them the first trans woman to win the award. In 2017, they became the first transgender person to play a transgender series regular on U.S. broadcast TV as Cameron Wirth on CBSs Doubt.
Cox appeared as a contestant on the first season of VH1's reality show I Want to Work for Diddy, and co-produced and co-hosted the VH1 makeover television series TRANSform Me. In April 2014, Cox was honored by GLAAD with its Stephen F. Kolzak Award for their work as an advocate for the transgender community. In June 2014, Cox became the first transgender person to appear on the cover of Time magazine. Cox is the first transgender person to appear on the cover of a Cosmopolitan magazine, with their February 2018 cover on the South African edition.  They are also the first openly transgender person to have a wax figure of themselves at Madame Tussauds.
Early life
Cox was born in Mobile, Alabama, and was raised by a single mother and grandmother within the AME Zion church. They have an identical twin brother, M Lamar, who portrayed the pre-transitioning Sophia (as Marcus) in Orange Is the New Black. Cox has stated that they attempted suicide at the age of 11, when they noticed that they had developed feelings for their male classmates and had been bullied for several years for not acting "the way someone assigned male at birth was supposed to act".
 They are a graduate of the Alabama School of Fine Arts in Birmingham, Alabama, where they studied creative writing before switching to dance. They then studied for two years at Indiana University Bloomington before transferring to Marymount Manhattan College in New York City, where they switched from dancing (specifically classical ballet) to acting. During their first season on Orange Is the New Black, they were still appearing at a restaurant on the Lower East Side as a drag queen (where they had applied initially to work as a waiter).
Career
Cox appeared as a contestant on the first season of I Want to Work for Diddy; afterwards they were approached by VH1 about show ideas. From that came the makeover television series TRANSform Me, which made Cox the first African-American transgender person to produce and star in their own TV show. Both those shows were nominated for a GLAAD Media Award for outstanding reality program, and when Diddy won in 2009, Cox accepted the award at the ceremony, giving a speech described by the San Francisco Sentinel as "among the most poignant because [it] reminded us how important it is to tell our stories, all of our stories." They have also acted in a number of TV shows and films, including Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Bored to Death, and Musical Chairs.
In 2013, Cox began their recurring role in the Netflix series Orange is the New Black as Sophia Burset, a trans woman sent to prison for credit-card fraud. In that year, they stated, "Sophia is written as a multi-dimensional character who the audience can really empathize with—all of the sudden they're empathizing with a real Trans person. And for Trans folks out there, who need to see representations of people who are like them and of their experiences, that's when it becomes really important." Cox's role in Orange is the New Black provides them a platform to speak on the rights of trans people.
In January 2014, Cox joined trans woman Carmen Carrera on Katie Couric's syndicated show, Katie. Couric referred to transgender people as "transgenders", and after being rebuffed by Carrera on the subject of their surgeries, specifically what genital reconstruction they had done, turned the same question to Cox. Cox responded,
News outlets such as Salon, The Huffington Post, and Business Insider covered what was characterized by Salon writer Katie McDonough as Couric's "clueless" and "invasive" line of questioning.
Cox was on the cover of the June 9, 2014, issue of Time and was interviewed for the article "The Transgender Tipping Point" by Katy Steinmetz, which ran in that issue and the title of which was also featured on the cover; this makes Cox the first transgender person on the cover of Time.
Later in 2014, Cox became the first transgender person to be nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award in an acting category: Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series for their role as Sophia Burset in Orange Is the New Black. They also appeared in John Legend's video for the song "You & I (Nobody in the World)".
Cox joined a campaign in 2014 against a Phoenix, Arizona, law which allows police to arrest anyone suspected of "manifesting prostitution", and which they feel targets transgender women of color, following the conviction of activist (and transgender woman of color) Monica Jones. Cox stated, "All over the country, trans women are targeted simply for being who they are. Laws like this manifestation law really support systematically the idea that girls like me, girls like me and Monica, are less than [others] in this country." Later that year the Sylvia Rivera Law Project released a video in which Cox read a letter from transgender inmate Synthia China Blast, addressing common issues faced by trans inmates. But when Cox learned that Blast was found guilty of the 1993 rape and murder of a 13-year-old child, they wrote on their Tumblr, "I was not aware of the charges for which they were convicted. If I had been aware of those charges, I would have never agreed to read the letter."
Cox was featured in the annual "Rebels" issue of V in late 2014. For the issue, V asked celebrities and artists to nominate who they saw as their personal rebels, and Natasha Lyonne nominated Cox. Cox was also on the cover of the October 2014 issue of Essence magazine, along with actores Alfre Woodard, Nicole Beharie, and Danai Gurira.
On October 17, 2014, Laverne Cox Presents: The T Word, an hour-long documentary executive-produced and narrated by Cox, premiered on MTV and Logo simultaneously. That same year, Cox was featured on the fifth anniversary cover of C☆NDY magazine along with 13 other transgender women – Janet Mock, Carmen Carrera, Geena Rocero, Isis King, Gisele Alicea, Leyna Ramous, Dina Marie, Nina Poon, Juliana Huxtable, Niki M'nray, Pêche Di, Carmen Xtravaganza (House of Xtravaganza), and Yasmine Petty.
In 2015, Cox won a Daytime Emmy Award in Outstanding Special Class Special as Executive Producer for Laverne Cox Presents: The T Word. This made Cox the first transgender woman to win a Daytime Emmy as an Executive Producer; as well, The T Word is the first trans documentary to win a Daytime Emmy. That year Cox, among others, posed nude for the Allure annual "Nudes" issue, becoming the first transgender actor to do so.
Cox is the cover subject for the June 11, 2015, "totally not-straight issue" of Entertainment Weekly, the first issue of the magazine in 15 years to focus exclusively on gay, lesbian, and transgender entertainment.
In June 2016, the Human Rights Campaign released a video in tribute to the victims of the Orlando nightclub shooting; in the video, Cox and others told the stories of the people killed there.
In 2017, Cox began their role as transgender attorney Cameron Wirth on Doubt on CBS. However, after only two episodes had aired, CBS announced that they were pulling the series from their schedule, leaving the future of the remaining unaired episodes uncertain. It was the first official cancellation of the 2016–17 season, following weak viewership. CBS later announced that the remaining 11 episodes would be broadcast on Saturday, beginning July 1.
Cox was nominated in 2017 for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series for their role in Orange Is the New Black.
Also in 2017, Cox collaborated with the ACLU, Zackary Drucker, Molly Crabapple, and Kim Boekbinder, in making a video about transgender history and resistance, called "Time Marches Forward & So Do We", which Cox narrated. That year Cox became one of the four faces of the fall campaign for the Ivy Park line of clothing.
In February 2019, Cox headlined the New York Fashion Week show for 11 Honoré, a luxury e-retailer focused on plus-sized designer fashion.
Cox was featured in Taylor Swift's "You Need to Calm Down" music video, which was released June 17, 2019.
They were one of fifteen women chosen by guest editor Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, to appear on the cover of the September 2019 issue of British Vogue; this made Cox the first transgender woman to appear on the cover of British Vogue.
In September 2019, Cox brought ACLU attorney Chase Strangio as their date to the 2019 Emmy Awards, and carried a custom rainbow clutch featuring the phrases "Oct 8", "Title VII", and "Supreme Court". This action was in reference to the U.S. Supreme Court case R.G. & G.R. Harris Funeral Homes Inc. v. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, in which Strangio was one of the lawyers representing Aimee Stephens, a trans woman who was fired from their job at a funeral home. Cox and Strangio spoke to reporters on the red carpet about the upcoming court case. Cox executive produced the documentary Disclosure: Trans Lives on Screen, which premiered on Netflix on January 27, 2020.
In May 2021, E! announced that Cox would become the host of Live from the Red Carpet starting in January 2022, replacing Giuliana Rancic. In December 2021, they were cast in Netflix's dystopian fantasy film Uglies directed by McG, based on a book of the same name by Scott Westerfeld.
Impact
Cox has been noted by their LGBT peers, and many others, for being a trailblazer for the transgender community, and has won numerous awards for their activist approach in spreading awareness. Them impact and prominence in the media has led to a growing conversation about transgender culture, specifically transgender women, and how being transgender intersects with one's race.  They are the first transgender person to be on the cover of Time magazine, be nominated for a Primetime Emmy, and have a wax work in Madame Tussauds, as well as the first transgender woman to win a Daytime Emmy as an executive producer. In May 2016, Cox was awarded an Honorary Doctorate from The New School in New York City for their progressive work in the fight for gender equality.
Honors and awards
2013 – Anti-Violence Project 2013 Courage Award honoree
2013 – Reader's Choice Award at Out Magazines OUT100 Gala, honoring the magazine's selection of 2013's 100 "most compelling people of the year".
2014 – Woman of the Year by Glamour magazine.
2014 – Included in the annual Root 100; this list honors "standout black leaders, innovators and culture shapers" aged 45 and younger.
2014 – Topped the British newspaper The Guardians third annual World Pride Power List, which ranks the world's most influential LGBT people.
2014 – Stephen F. Kolzak Award from GLAAD.
2014 – Named to the EBONY Power 100 list.
2015 – Named to the 2015 OUT Power 50 List.
2015 – Included in the People World's Most Beautiful Women List.
2015 – Three Twins Ice Cream in San Francisco renamed its chocolate orange confetti ice cream Laverne Cox's Chocolate Orange is the New Black for Pride weekend.
2015 – Named in the 2015 Time 100 Most Influential People List; their entry was written by Jazz Jennings.
2015 – Named by Forum for Equality as one of their 31 Icons of the LGBT History Month.
2015 – Winner of a Daytime Emmy Award in Outstanding Special Class Special as Executive Producer for Laverne Cox Presents: The T Word. This made Cox the first transgender woman to win a Daytime Emmy as an Executive Producer; as well, The T Word is the first trans documentary to win a Daytime Emmy.
2016 – Awarded Honorary Doctorate from The New School.
2017 – Named to the 2017 OUT Power 50 List.
2018 – Received the Claire Skiffington Vanguard Award from Transgender Law Center. The award recognizes transgender community members who have been part of the movement's vanguard.
Filmography
Film
Television
Discography
Soundtrack albums
Singles
See also
LGBT culture in New York City
List of LGBT people from New York City
References
Further reading
External links
Interview with Laverne Cox (video)
1972 births
21st-century American actores
Actors from Mobile, Alabama
Actresses from Alabama
African-American actores
American film actores
American television actores
American voice actores
Daytime Emmy Award winners
Identical twin actores
Indiana University Bloomington alumni
LGBT African Americans
LGBT actors from the United States
LGBT people from Alabama
LGBT rights activists from the United States
LGBT producers
Living people
Marymount Manhattan College alumni
Transgender actores
Transgender rights activists
Twin people from the United States
African-American feminists
American women activists
Women civil rights activists
21st-century African-American women
21st-century African-American people
20th-century African-American people
20th-century African-American women
Asterix at the Olympic Games is the 12th comic book album in the Asterix series. Serialized in Pilote issues 434–455 in 1968 (to coincide with the Mexico City Olympics), it was translated into English in 1972 (to coincide with the Munich Olympics). The story satirizes performance-enhancing drug usage in sports.
Plot
At the Roman camp of Aquarium near the Gauls' village, Gluteus Maximus, an athletic Roman legionary, is chosen as one of Rome's representatives for the upcoming Olympic Games in Greece. Gaius Veriambitius, their centurion, hopes to share in the glory of Olympic victory. While training in the forest, Gluteus Maximus encounters Asterix and Obelix, who unintentionally outdo them at running, then javelin and boxing, thanks to the power of the magic potion. Demoralised, they consign themselves to sweeping the Roman camp instead of training. When Veriambitius asks Vitalstatistix that Gluteus Maximus be left alone, Vitalstatistix decides the Gauls should enter the Olympic Games as well. Veriambitius argues they cannot, as Romans are the only non-Greeks allowed, but Asterix rationalizes that as Gaul is part of the Roman Empire, they are technically Romans (despite their resistance to Roman rule), making them a Gallo-Roman team, demoralising the centurion and their legionary further. The Gauls hold trials that prove inconclusive as everyone is dosed with the magic potion and thus do everything at the same top speed and strength. Eventually, they decide to register only Asterix and Obelix as competitors.
The entire (male) population of the village travels to Olympia (aboard a galley where they have to do the rowing), where Asterix and Obelix register as athletes (with Getafix as their coach) and the others all enjoy a holiday. When Gluteus Maximus and Veriambitius discover that the Gauls have come to compete, they are left in despair (Vitalstatistix telling them "We're not stopping you entering, it's just that we're going to win"), and this despair spreads among all the Roman athletes. They give up training and spend all their time having elaborate parties, washing their uniforms and sweeping the whole area. The scent from their feasts eventually causes the Greek competitors to complain about their own healthy food. Alarmed, the Greeks send a judge to warn the Romans that even if they think drinking will somehow make them better athletes, it will be held against them as all artificial stimulants are forbidden, prompting Veriambitius to tell them about the Gauls' magic potion. The Gauls are dejected by the news that victory is not as certain as they had expected, but Asterix decides to compete anyway. Obelix, being permanently affected by the potion, now cannot compete and anyway doesn't quite understand what's going on – they think he's been dismissed just because they fell into a cauldron and wonders if telling the officials they fell into a regular pot or amphora will change anything.
At the games, Asterix and the Roman athletes are beaten at every turn by the Greeks, causing a dilemma to the Olympic officials. Although their victories prove what they've believed all along (that Romans are decadent barbarians and the Greeks are perfect beings), too much success will reflect badly on the country's reputation, so they announce a special race for just Romans. After the announcement, Asterix and Getafix start talking, very loudly, about a cauldron of magic potion left in an unguarded shed. Eager to win, the other Roman athletes steal the potion that night.
The race begins, and the Roman athletes easily beat Asterix - they all overtake them and cross the finish line simultaneously. After the race, Getafix accuses them of having used magic potion and, when the Romans deny the accusation, Asterix sticks their tongue out at them. When the Romans return the gesture, it is revealed that Getafix had added an extra ingredient to this particular batch of potion and the Romans now have blue tongues from drinking it. They are disqualified, and Asterix is declared the winner.
The Gauls return home for their traditional banquet. Getafix notices Asterix hasn't brought their Palm of Victory home. Asterix explains they gave it to someone who needed it more: Gluteus Maximus. Gluteus' apparent victory is shown to have greatly pleased Julius Caesar, who promotes Maximus to centurion and Veriambitius to tribune.
Film adaptation
A live action movie of this book was released in France in January 2008 to coincide with the Beijing Olympics. Even though it is similar to the original story, there are some differences. The main one being instead of the whole village taking part in the games, only Asterix, Obelix, Getafix, Dogmatix, and a new character named Lovesix take part in the games in order for Lovesix to win the heart of, and show their worthiness for, princess Irina. There is also another subplot about Julius Caesar's son Brutus, who also wants to marry the princess, overthrow their father and take over the Roman empire.
Goscinny and Uderzo cameo
Authors Rene Goscinny and Albert Uderzo appear on page 29 in a carved bas-relief at the front of the Olympic Village. Goscinny is calling Uderzo a 'despot' and Uderzo replies with 'tyrant'. The two are pacifying a bull, implying that creating an Asterix story is a Herculean task.
Reception
On Goodreads, it has a score of 4.13 of 5.
References
External links
Official English Website
Olympic Games, Asterix and the
Comics set in ancient Greece
Olympic Games in fiction
Ancient Greece in art and culture
Works originally published in Pilote
Literature first published in serial form
1968 graphic novels
Works by René Goscinny
Comics by Albert Uderzo
Olympic Games books
Cultural depictions of Greek people
Doping in sport
Srđan Ivanović (; born 2 May 1989) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Železnik in Serbian League Belgrade.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
Footballers from Belgrade
Association football midfielders
Serbian footballers
FK Bežanija players
FK Mladi Radnik players
FK Sinđelić Niš players
FK Železnik players
FK Jagodina players
Serbian SuperLiga players
Sotina (; , ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia. The village includes the following hamlets: Bezovkova Graba, Maribor (a small Roma settlement), Bracov Dol, Činčov Breg, Kolarova Graba, Majcov Mlin, Martinova Graba, Patrov Breg, Tomanov Breg, and Turzov Breg.
References
External links
Sotina on Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Rogašovci
Libertador is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas, Venezuela. The municipality's capital is Temblador.
Geography
Libertador Municipality is located to the southwest of Monagas State. Its vegetation is tropical dry forest, with average annual temperature of 27.1°C and average annual precipitation of 1,000 mm. Among the main watercourses are Caño Mánamo and the Morichal Largo River.
Economy
The economy is based on agriculture and forestry (primarily pine plantations).
Culture
The indigenous Warao people live in Libertador Municipality. They speak Warao, an agglutinative language isolate.
Cuisine
A typical dish of this region is Soup of Ocumo, prepared with banana, jojoto and leaf sprouts of ocumo (Xanthosoma).
Public holidays
On September 8, the region celebrates the day of the Virgin of the Valley, patron of the east of Venezuela.
Mayor
Miguel Presilla (2017 - 2021) PCV.
References
Municipalities of Monagas
Pablove Black (born Paul Anthony Dixon, 24 October 1950) is a Jamaican reggae musician (keyboards and steel drums), arranger, composer, bandleader, vocalist and producer.
Biography
Pablove started playing piano and steel drums in the mid-1960s and, within six months, made their first television appearance with Pan Master, Kelvin Hart and the all Trinidadian Federal All Star Steel Band. By 1968 they were a member of the UWI Carnival Champions, The Wanderers.
In 1971, Pablove, already exposed to the roots music of the Skatalites, joined the Studio One Crew, (Jamaica's Motown) and, under the watchful eyes of legendary producer Clement "Sir Coxsone" Dodd and jazz greats Jackie Mittoo (keyboards), Ernest Ranglin (guitar), and Roland Alphonso (saxophone), made invaluable contributions playing keyboards, arranging music and doing background vocals with legendary bassman *Earl "Bagga" Walker and the soul defenders for artists like Dennis Brown, Burning Spear, Marcia Griffiths, Freddie McGregor, and Johnny Osbourne. Pablove also worked at the Black Ark Studios of Lee Perry where they collaborated on products for Little Roy (Tribal War), and Junior Byles (Curly Locks), along with Junior Dan (bass) and Benbow (drums).
Since then they have travelled the world with the likes of Jimmy Cliff, Sugar Minnott and many more. Pablove Black is a name well known in the reggae circuit and they can still be heard on the tracks of current reggae stars such as Ras Mikey (ISOULJAHS), Etosi Brooks, Tashiba, Nanko, Kashief Lindo, and 3HOT3HANDLE.
Discography
Singles
High Locks / Soul Locks
Albums
Mr. Music Originally (1979)
Charcoal Charlie (1986)
References
http://www.roots-archives.com/artist/340
External links
Jamaican reggae musicians
Jamaican pianists
1950 births
Living people
Musicians from Kingston, Jamaica
21st-century pianists
The Goldikova Stakes is a Grade II American Thoroughbred horse race for fillies and mares age three years old or older over the distance of one mile on the turf scheduled annually in November at Del Mar Racetrack in Del Mar, California. The event currently carries a purse of $300,000.
History
The event was inaugurated on 13 October 1969 as the Las Palmas Handicap at the Oak Tree Racing Association meeting at Santa Anita Park over a distance of miles on the dirt and was won easily by the 9/5 favourite Manta with a margin of five lengths.
The Las Palmas Handicap was named for the California-bred racing mare, Las Palmas. Foaled in 1929, they won the first ever race at the modern Santa Anita Park on Tuesday, 25 December 1934.
The following year the event was increased to miles and moved to the turf track with Manta winning the event for the second time.
When the grading of races began as a Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association project in 1973 the event was classified as Grade III. In 1983 the event was upgraded to Grade II.
In 2012 the event was renamed to the Goldikova Stakes in honor of Goldikova, the champion Irish bred mare who won the Breeders' Cup Mile three times in succession - 2008, 2009 and 2010. That same year the event was shortened to the one mile distance.
The event has been scheduled at times during the Breeders' Cup. In 2017 and 2021 the event was moved to Del Mar.
Records
Time record:
1 mile: 1:33.33 – Beautyandthebeast (GB) (2006)
miles: 1:43.92 – Kostroma (IRE) (1991)
Margins:
6 lengths - Typecast (1971)
Most wins:
2 - Manta (1969, 1970)
2 - Ack's Secret (1980, 1981)
Most wins by an owner:
4 - Juddmonte Farms (1992, 1996, 2002, 2014)
Most wins by a jockey:
4 – Kent J. Desormeaux (1991, 1992, 1994, 2015)
Most wins by a trainer:
5 – Charles E. Whittingham (1976, 1977, 1983, 1985, 1994)
Winners
Legend:
See also
List of American and Canadian Graded races
References
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Graded stakes races in the United States
Grade 2 stakes races in the United States
Mile category horse races for fillies and mares
Turf races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1969
1969 establishments in California
The Church of San Pedro el Real (St Peter the Royal), also known as San Pedro el Viejo is a small medieval church in central Madrid, Spain.
The initial structure was built in the 14th century, but extensive renovations were performed, and a new facade and portals added in the 17th and 19th centuries. It may have begun as Benedictine monastery, although the Bell-tower has Mudéjar qualities, and resembles a minaret; however, present tower seems to have been worked on in the 14th century when Madrid was firmly in Castilian hands. It was originally built by King Alfonso XI to celebrate their victory in the Battle of Algeciras in 1344.
The church contains the tombs of Kings Alfonso I of Asturias and Ramiro II of León. San Pedro also contains the statue of Jesus known as Jesús el Pobre, or Jesus the Poor, sculpted by Juan Astorga in the late eighteenth century.
The church is located at Calle Nuncio, 14, near the Plaza Mayor.
See also
Catholic Church in Spain
List of the oldest church buildings
Romanesque churches in Madrid
References
External links
Brief description
Romanesque architecture in Madrid
Pedro Real
Bien de Interés Cultural landmarks in Madrid
Buildings and structures in Palacio neighborhood, Madrid
Accidents Happen is a 2009 Australian coming-of-age comedy drama film directed by Andrew Lancaster and starring Geena Davis, Harrison Gilbertson, Harry Cook, Sebastian Gregory, Joel Tobeck, and Sarah Woods. Written by Brian Carbee, based on their own childhood and adolescence, the story revolves around an accident-prone teenage boy and their family. The film was shot in Sydney, New South Wales, over June – July 2008, and opened in Australia on 22 April 2010.
At the ARIA Music Awards of 2010 the soundtrack was nominated for ARIA Award for Best Original Soundtrack, Cast or Show Album.
Plot
In 1974, the Conway family are at a drive-in theater in Connecticut watching The Three Stooges. The parents are Gloria (Geena Davis), a foul-mouthed and strict mother who will always take responsibility over the family, Ray (Joel Tobeck), an easy-going father, and siblings Linda, Gene, Larry (Harry Cook), and Billy (Harrison Gilbertson), who is an accident-prone child. In the meantime, the Conways' neighbor, Douglas "Doug" Post (Sebastian Gregory), whom Gloria hates and often calls them names because they are the one who causes problems that could be offensive towards the family, drives by on their bike, and Gene leads them up to the top of the drive-in screen. Gene then proceeds to urinate out of the screen. While an infuriated Gloria trips as they approach the screen, infuriated and confused guests honk at Gene and Doug. While driving back home in the rain, an argument among two of the children distracts Ray, causing the car to collide with a pick-up truck. Although Gloria, Ray, Billy, and Larry suffer only minor injuries, Linda is killed and Gene is severely injured, leaving them brain damaged and paralyzed from the head down.
In 1982, eight years after the accident, Ray is divorced and more problems arise concerning Doug and Gene's condition, which could cause their death at any time. Fifteen-year-old Billy is still friends with Doug even after the accident. One night, an argument occurs over a TV dinner with Larry, now a belligerent and profane alcoholic. Billy accidentally knocks over the dinner and it lands on him, burning their back. When Doug overhears what is going on, they intervene and gets into a short scuffle with Larry, as Billy blames their brother for the burn on their back. After streaking and robbing a convenience store, Billy and Doug are playing when they cause an almighty crash with a bowling ball and a moving car, killing Doug's father. Just a few days after the incident, Larry's incessant harassment causes Billy to fight against their older brother, and when Gloria breaks up the scuffle and discovers a gauze on Billy's back (after Billy knocked the TV dinner and injured himself, and on the newspapers regarding the robbery that Billy was wearing the gauze), Larry immediately tells them that Billy and Doug went streaking and stealing things as evidence, but is still taken away by Ray, who came to cause another argument with Gloria over their divorce. Because Billy has no way to hide any of the evidence, an incensed Gloria reprimands and admonishes him, permanently forbidding them from seeing Doug. Although they know what Billy and Doug did, Gloria does not know they caused the car crash that killed Doug's father.
When Doug receives a mistaken note that their father committed suicide and that the insurance company does not pay for suicide, they decide that it is time to confess to the police as to what really happened. When Billy tells this to Gloria, they describe them as a selfish son and they slap them across the face in disbelief and breaks down in tears. As the police interrogate Billy and Doug, the family receive word that Gene had finally died. It is then revealed that when Doug attended Gene's funeral, Gloria had forgiven them for what happened. The movie ends when Billy takes the bowling ball that was found after the fatal accident and rolls it down the sidewalk as Billy looks on.
Cast
Geena Davis as Gloria Conway
Harrison Gilbertson as Billy Conway
Harry Cook as Larry Conway
Ivy Latimer as Linda Conway
Joel Tobeck as Ray Conway
Sebastian Gregory as Doug Post
Sarah Woods as Dottie Post
Erik Thomson as Bob
Rebecca Massey as Louise
Morgan Griffin as Katrina
Wendy Playfair as Mrs. Smolensky
Production
American-born screenwriter Brian Carbee wrote Accidents Happen based on their childhood in the 1980s Connecticut, changing their own name to "Billy Conway". They had previously performed in a one-person show titled In Search of Mike, which director Andrew Lancaster saw and asked Carbee if they would adapt the show to a short film. Carbee subsequently wrote a novel which served as the basis for their Accidents Happen screenplay. They developed the screenplay through the prestigious Aurora Script Workshop in Sydney, where producer Anthony Anderson had worked and collaborated on their 2004 film Somersault. In 2004, the completed script was nominated for an Australian Inside Film Award for Best Unproduced Screenplay, but it took a further three years to gather finances for the project. Anderson, Carbee and Lancaster successfully applied for funding from Screen Australia on two occasions; they were granted A$18,000 in May 2003 to fund drafts of the script, and $50,000 in November 2007. In September 2005, Anderson traveled to New York City with three other Australian producers to meet with investors at No Borders Co-Production Market, a division of the Independent Feature Project Market in which filmmakers attempt to secure financing for their projects. The film was the first production from the Abacus Film Fund, co-founded by producer Heather Ogilvie and corporate advisers BG Capital Corporation. British production company Bankside Films of London also assisted in raising finances and is handling all international sales of the film. The filmmakers received a 40% rebate on all production costs from Screen Australia. Davis was the only American actor to be cast, in spite of the story's American setting; the rest of the cast is Australian, with feigned American accents.
Accidents Happen was originally intended to be filmed in Connecticut, where it is set, but production remained in Australia, where the script had been written, because finances were easier to raise than in the United States. Filming was slated to begin in April 2008 but was delayed until June. Lancaster said that they did "a huge amount of technical preparation" before filming began, so that on the set, they could focus their directing on the actors' performances, since the cast were largely inexperienced. Principal photography commenced in early June with scenes shot on a built set at Sydney's Fox Studios. Most filming took place in and around Kuringgai, first on Gillian Parade in West Pymble for a week in late June and then Lincoln St, St Ives for 1–2 July. Lincoln St residents complained about possible disruptions to Ku-ring-gai Council, starting a petition to have production moved elsewhere, and threatening to play bagpipes and wave lights around during filming if it went on as planned. The council then offered a revised filming schedule, cutting filming down by two days and bringing each day's finishing time forward by an hour to 12:30 am, and the producers offered some residents a $500 payment to cover any inconveniences. Filming of the story's integral car-crash scene was relocated to another street after the discord.
Release
Select footage of Accidents Happen was screened to potential distributors at the 2008 Toronto International Film Festival and was shown at the American Film Market in November 2008. The final cut of the film had its world premiere on 23 April 2009 at the Tribeca Film Festival and was screened in June 2009 at the Sydney Film Festival. It was shown in October 2009 at the Branchage Jersey Film Festival, the Cinéma des Antipodes festival in Saint-Tropez, and the Sitges Film Festival.
Box office
Accidents Happen took in $157,131 at the box office in Australia.
Reception
Rotten Tomatoes, a review aggregator, reports that six of ten surveyed critics gave the film a positive review; the average rating was 5.5/10. Russell Edwards of Variety wrote, "John Irving-style mishaps and labored irony fail to maintain drama or coherence in Accidents Happen, an Australian-made, faux-American dysfunctional-family black comedy."
See also
Cinema of Australia
References
External links
2009 films
2009 black comedy films
2000s coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Australian black comedy films
Australian coming-of-age comedy-drama films
British black comedy films
British coming-of-age comedy-drama films
Films shot in Sydney
Films set in 1974
Films set in 1982
2000s English-language films
2000s British films
Jardines del Rey Airport () is an airport situated on the island of Cayo Coco, part of the Cuban province of Ciego de Ávila. It takes its name from the Jardines del Rey archipelago, which includes Cayo Coco. Inaugurated in December 2002, the airport was built to better serve tourists to the island, who previously had to arrive at Máximo Gómez Airport about to the south. Jardines del Rey Airport is the only airport in Cuba managed in part by a foreign company; Aena and ECASA jointly operate the airport. It receives well over 200,000 passengers per year, most of whom are foreign tourists from Canada.
History
In the early 1990s, the Cuban government began to develop the tourism sector in Cayo Coco, and several resorts were constructed. To reach Cayo Coco, tourists had to fly to Máximo Gómez Airport on the mainland and then take a one-hour bus ride to the island. In order to make travel to Cayo Coco more convenient, the Cuban government announced in 1999 that it would build a new airport on the island itself. Environmentalists disapproved of the site selected for the airport, but the government responded that the site was located in a zone already designated for infrastructure development. Meanwhile, the existing Cayo Coco Airport on the island, situated in a more environmentally sensitive area, would be demolished and reforested.
Construction of the airport commenced in January 2000. Later in the year, Spanish airports company Aena signed a contract with the Cuban government to build and operate the new airport, thus becoming the first foreign entity to manage a Cuban airport. Management is shared with the Cuban company ECASA. The first phase of the project was completed in early 2002, which encompassed the construction of the runway, taxiways, apron, air traffic control tower and a temporary terminal with a capacity for 150 passengers. The airport was officially inaugurated on 26 December 2002 upon the completion of a larger terminal, which brought the airport's annual capacity to 1.2 million passengers.
The airport suffered major damage from Hurricane Irma in September 2017. Authorities proceeded with a significant renovation of the terminal, rebuilding the walls with concrete so that they can better withstand such conditions in the future. In addition, new stores were built and a centralized air-conditioning system was installed. Jardines del Rey Airport was able to reopen in early November 2017, in time for the start of the winter tourist season.
Infrastructure
Terminal
The terminal is in size and can handle 600 passengers per hour. Its amenities include two VIP lounges, a snack bar, restaurant, duty-free shops and a currency exchange booth.
Airfield
Jardines del Rey Airport has a single runway, 08/26, which measures and is equipped with an instrument landing system. The apron has three parking spaces and is connected to the runway by two taxiways.
Airlines and destinations
Access
Jardines del Rey Airport is much closer to the resorts on Cayo Coco than Máximo Gómez Airport, which previously served the island. A causeway links the airport and the rest of Cayo Coco to the Cuban mainland.
References
External links
Airports in Cuba
Buildings and structures in Ciego de Ávila Province
Airport Jardines del Rey, Cayo Coco
Airports established in 2002
2002 establishments in Cuba
Sooke Potholes Provincial Park is a 7.28 hectare provincial park in British Columbia, Canada. It is adjacent to the Sooke River and Sooke Potholes Regional Park, near Victoria, B.C. Intended primarily to provide access to the Sooke River and the associated potholes, it also offers wildlife viewing and other day-use activities.
Environment
Sooke Potholes Provincial Park, in the Leeward Island Mountains Ecosection, is primarily focused around a set of naturally-occurring, water-carved potholes along the Sooke River. Although the river is a popular swimming spot, it is also an important spawning river for chinook and coho salmon and is a main wildlife corridor between the Sooke Hills and Capital Region greenbelts. Sierra wood fern and streambank lupine, both threatened species, are important plant species that can be found in the park, and old-growth Douglas firs. Park animal species include the black bear, cougar and the Roosevelt elk.
The Sooke Flowline, constructed in 1915, snakes through the nearby hills around the Sooke Potholes and travels all the way to the Humpback Reservoir near Mt. Wells Regional Park. It can be found east of the Sooke River.
Activities and Services
The park is primarily designed to provide access to the potholes and the Sooke River for swimming, picnicking, fishing, and other recreational activities along the river. Because the potholes are located outside of the park boundaries, the park is primarily designed to allow access through the park to the Sooke River and does not have washrooms, trash bins, or other service facilities to allow anything other than day use. There are multiple trails and two parking lots to allow easy access to the potholes and the river.
References
External links
BC Parks: Sooke Potholes Provincial Park
Greater Victoria
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Protected areas established in 1972
1972 establishments in British Columbia
Machine is a 2017 Indian romantic thriller film, directed by Abbas–Mustan. The film stars debutant Mustafa Burmawalla and Kiara Advani. The film has been produced by Jayantilal Gada, Haresh Patel (AD Films), Pranay Chokshi, Abbas Mustan Films Productions and Dhaval Jayantilal Gada.
The movie released on 17 March 2017. The movie was extensively shot in Georgia.
Plot
Machine depicts the story of racing enthusiasts Sarah (Kiara Advani), the daughter of a very rich business person Balraj (Ronit Roy), and Ransh (Mustafa Burmawalla), who meet each other due to circumstances. Sarah loses to Ransh at a car race event, Sarah later finds out Ransh, new in town, is their new classmate. As their bond becomes stronger, they eventually fall in love. After the accidental death of Sarah's friend/secret lover Aditya (Eshan Shanker), they get married. However, Ransh deceives Sarah and tries to kill them for their money and property by throwing them off a cliff.  They are eventually saved by Aditya's twin brother Raj (Eshan Shanker), who is a commando in the Indian Army. Sarah and Raj come to know the exact reason about their killing when they find out Ransh was doing all this on someone's orders and is duping another rich business person's daughter. They trace them and find that their own father had planned all these due to a very convoluted reason.  They are not Sarah's biological father and is Ransh's biological father. They come to know that they only raised them as their own daughter for their wealth. They even kill Sarah's parents by planning it like an accident. When they were about to pull their gun to shoot her, Sarah shoots them and burns them alive with the money they looted. They both eventually try to take revenge from Ransh. Sarah tells that they are deeply in love with him. Ransh does whatever is fitted into their mind, whatever instructed, they never realized their love for them and tried to murder them After this, when Ransh understands, they come forward, Raj sees the gun lying beside Ransh and throws a knife for safety of Sarah, and Ransh realizes what they actually are. They realize that they have their own brain and heart. At the end, Ransh understands they are truly in love with Sarah, and dies, confessing their true love for them
Cast
Mustafa Burmawalla as Ransh, Balraj's biological son
Kiara Advani as Sarah Thapar, Balraj's adopted daughter
Eshan Shanker as Aditya / Raj
Ronit Roy as Balraj, Sarah's adopted father, Ransh's biological father
Sharat Saxena as Advocate Kapoor
Johnny Lever as Darpan Gopal (Police Officer) (cameo)
Vivek Vaswani as Mr. Thapar, Sarah's biological Grandfather
Supriya Karnik as Stage Coordinator
Dalip Tahil as Kris Altar, Serina's father
Mayuresh Wadkar as Vicky Singh
Carla Dennis as Serina Altar, Kris' daughter
Mridanjli Rawal as Ayesha
Simran Mishrikoti
Release and critical reception
The Times Of India criticized the plot and the lack of subtlety in the film. The Indian Express gave the film 1.5/5 rating.
Soundtrack
The music for the film is composed by Tanishk Bagchi, with Dr. Zeus as a guest composer of a dance number. Lyrics are penned by Arafat Mehmood, Niket Pandey, Shabbir Ahmed, Mohammed Irfan and Jasmine Sandlas. Music rights have been acquired by T-Series.
The song "Chatur Naar" is a remake of the song "Ek Chatur Naar" from the 1969 Padosan. The song "Cheez Badi" is a remake of the song "Tu Cheez Badi Hai Mast Mast" from the 1994 film Mohra, which was itself a copy of the Qawwali song "Dam Mast Qalandar" by Pakistani singer Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan.
References
External links
2010s romantic thriller films
Films directed by Abbas–Mustan
2017 films
Films shot in Georgia (country)
Films scored by Tanishk Bagchi
Films scored by Dr Zeus
Films scored by Viju Shah
Indian romantic thriller films
2010s Hindi-language films
Fire in the Dark is the title of the third studio album recorded by American country music artist Billy Dean. It was released in 1993 on SBK/Liberty Records and like their previous two albums, it was certified gold by the RIAA. Unlike their first two albums, which were produced by Tom Shapiro, this one was produced by Liberty Records' then-president Jimmy Bowen, with Dean as co-producer. Singles from this album include "Tryin' to Hide a Fire in the Dark", "I Wanna Take Care of You", "I'm Not Built That Way" and a cover of Dave Mason's #12 1977 pop hit "We Just Disagree". Also covered here is James Taylor's "Steamroller Blues." Of these singles, "Tryin' to Hide a Fire in the Dark" and "We Just Disagree" were both Top Ten hits on the country music charts.
Track listing
"Tryin' to Hide a Fire in the Dark" (Billy Dean, Tim Nichols) - 3:37
"When a Woman Cries" (Joshua Kadison) - 3:46
"That's What I Like About Love" (Mark D. Sanders, Verlon Thompson) - 3:30
"I Wanna Take Care of You" (Dean, J.K. Jones) - 3:54
"Only a Woman Knows" (Billy Henderson, Steve Jones) - 2:48
"We Just Disagree" (Jim Krueger) - 3:24
"Two of the Lucky Ones" (Dean, Nichols) - 2:59
"I'm Not Built That Way" (Don Pfrimmer, George Teren) - 2:52
"Give Me All the Pieces" (Chuck Jones, Chris Waters) - 3:26
"Steamroller" (James Taylor) - 5:37
Personnel
Billy Dean- lead vocals
Dan Dugmore- dobro, steel guitar
Vicki Hampton- background vocals
John Barlow Jarvis- keyboards, synthesizer
Kirk "Jelly Roll" Johnson- harmonica
Chris Leuzinger- electric guitar
Dan Mahar- electric guitar
Donna McElroy- background vocals
John Rich- steel guitar
Cindy Richardson Walker- background vocals
Biff Watson- acoustic guitar, synthesizer
John Willis- electric guitar
Dennis Wilson- background vocals
Lonnie Wilson- bells, cymbals, drums, percussion
Glenn Worf- bass guitar
Curtis Young- background vocals
Chart performance
1993 albums
Billy Dean albums
Liberty Records albums
Albums produced by Jimmy Bowen
Backbone is a unique and difficult solitaire game using two decks of playing cards. The object of this game is to move all cards to the Foundations.
Rules
In the center are two Reserve Stacks to form the "Backbone". At the bottom of the "Backbone", there is a card that overlaps both Reserve Stacks. This card must be played before the remaining "Backbone" cards can be played. On each side of the "Backbone" are four Tableau Stacks to form the "Ribs". The Deck is present towards the bottom right.
Backbone has eight Foundations that build up from Ace to King in suit, e.g. A♣, 2♣, 3♣, 4♣... Cards in the "Backbone" can be moved to a Foundation or Tableau Stack. The card at the base of the "Backbone" (the Coccyx or "tailbone" card) must be moved before the "Backbone" cards can be played. The Tableau builds down in suit, e.g. 7♥, 6♥, 5♥...
An emptied stack can be filled with any card from the "Backbone" or Deck. The stock is dealt one card at a time, and only two passes through the deck are allowed, making this a difficult game to win. The game is won after all the cards have been moved to the Foundations.
Variations
In the Aisleriot (Linux app) version of the game, cards from the Backbone cannot be played onto an empty stack. They must be played onto another card in either the Tableau on the Foundation. Thus, a King in the Backbone can only be played onto a Queen on a Foundation stack. This makes the game not only tougher, but also more challenging in the use of strategy.
See also
Herring-Bone
List of solitaires
Glossary of solitaire
References
Bibliography
Dalton, Basil. The Complete Patience Book
Parlett, David. The Penguin Book of Patience
Pritchard, D.B. Patience Games
Double-deck patience card games
Mobile games
Reserved packers
Patuakhali Medical College (PkMC) () is a government medical school in Bangladesh, established in 2014. It is affiliated with University of Dhaka as a constituent college. It is located in Patuakhali town of Patuakhali District.
It has an annual intake of 52 students for its five-year course of study leading to a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) degree. A one-year internship after graduation is compulsory for all graduates.
The college is associated with 250-bed Patuakhali General Hospital.
History
The government of Bangladesh established Patuakhali Medical College in 2014, along with new medical colleges at Rangamati, Jamalpur, Manikganj, Tangail, and Sirajganj. Instruction began in 2015.
Students at the college demonstrated in 2015, calling for the reinstatement of the "carry on" examination system. The Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) degree programme is divided into four parts by the first, second, and third professional examinations. If a student fails one of these exams, they may sit it again six months later. Under the 2002 "carry on" system, students could continue taking classes in the next academic session while preparing to retake an exam. This system was strongly favored by medical students, but strongly opposed by their teachers. The Bangladesh Medical and Dental Council eliminated "carry on" in 2013, after which students who failed a professional exam were not allowed to continue classes until they had passed it, causing them to lose up to a year in the process.
Campus
The college is located in Patuakhali town of Patuakhali District, within the compound of 250-bed Patuakhali General Hospital. The hospital began as a 50-bed sadar (district headquarters) hospital. It was expanded in 1979, 2003, and 2005 to 100, 150, and 250 beds respectively. There are plans to convert it to a 500-bed medical college hospital.
A chronic shortage of doctors due to understaffing at the hospital has been reported since 2008. As of November of that year, only 24 of 33 physician positions at the hospital were filled. In June of the following year only 17 of the posts were occupied. The number of long standing vacancies led the Patuakhali Development Foundation to form a human chain to demand action. By 2010, the hospital's approved staffing level had risen to 58 doctors, but the number of positions filled had risen only to 18. The situation deteriorated further until, in 2014, only 16 doctors were serving.
Organization and administration
The founding principal of the college is Prof. Dr. MA Mannan. Prof. Dr. Md. Faizul Bashar is the current (6th) principal of the college.
Academics
The college offers a five-year course of study leading to a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MBBS) degree. After passing the final professional examination, there is a compulsory one-year internship. The internship is a prerequisite for obtaining registration from the BMDC to practice medicine.
Admission for Bangladeshis to the MBBS course at all medical colleges in Bangladesh is controlled centrally by the Directorate General of Health Services (DGHS). It administers an annual, written, multiple choice question admission exam simultaneously across the country. It sets prerequisites for who can take the exam, and sets a minimum pass level. DGHS has varied the admission rules over the years, but historically candidates have been admitted based primarily on their score on this test. Grades at the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) and Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) level have also been a factor, as part of a combined score or as a prerequisite for taking the exam. DGHS also admits candidates to fill quotas: freedom fighters descendants, tribal, foreign, and others. Admission for foreign students is based on their SSC and HSC grades. As of July 2014, the college is allowed to admit 52 students annually.
Departments
Department of Anatomy
Department of Biochemistry
Department of Physiology
Department of Forensic Medicine
Department of Community Medicine
Department of Pathology
Department of Pharmacology
Department of Microbiology
Department of Medicine
Department of Surgery
Department of Obstetrics and Gynaecology
Clubs, Associations and extracurricular activities
Medicine Club
SANDHANI
PkMC Adventure Society
In Patuakhali Medical College national days like Independence Day, Victory Day of Bangladesh, International Mother Language Day and festivals like New Year, Pahela Baishakh, Saraswati Puja are observed with various programs.
Principals
See also
List of medical colleges in Bangladesh
References
Medical colleges in Bangladesh
Hospitals in Bangladesh
Educational institutions established in 2014
2014 establishments in Bangladesh
Organisations based in Patuakhali
Neil Manthorp is a British-born South African writer. Based in Cape Town, they are best known internationally for their coverage of cricket. They write for the Telegraph and the Daily Mail.
Biography
Manthorp was born and educated in England, but considers themselves very much a South African. When they were a year old, their parents emigrated from the North of England and Manthorp spent their formative years in South Africa before returning to England to complete their schooling. With South Africa isolated in sport due to apartheid, they stayed on in Britain and began their journalistic career in 1986, commentating and writing freelance.
With the end of apartheid in 1990, they decided to return to South Africa, where they set up their own sports agency, MWP Media, in 1992.
They have stayed there ever since, apart from the necessary travel required to follow sport, which has taken them to all the cricketing corners of the world.
They have a YouTube account where you can watch them travelling.
Career
They have covered more than 40 tours and 120 Test matches since South Africa's return to international cricket and Zimbabwe's elevation to Test status.
 They are a regular commentator for SABC radio and television and has also joined the host radio teams in West Indies, New Zealand, Australia and England. They write for newspapers and magazines and recently completed their fifth book "The Proteas: 20 Years, 20 Landmark matches" marking the 20th anniversary of South Africa's return to international cricket.  They are commentating for Talksport on the 2018 England tour of Sri Lanka.
As well as cricket, they also write on golf and rugby.
Bibliography
Gazza: the Gary Kirsten biography
The Beer Drinker's Guide to Losing Weight, (with Paddy Upton), The Penguin Group (SA) (Pty) Ltd,
Graeme Smith: A Captain's Diary 2007-2009, Jonathan Ball Publishers,
Taking the Mickey: the Mickey Arthur biography, Jonathan Ball Publishers,
The Proteas: 20 Years, 20 Landmark Matches, Burnet Media,
Bouch: Through My Eyes, Jonathan Ball Publishers,
External links
Articles on SuperCricket
Articles on Cricinfo
References
Living people
South African cricket commentators
South African people of British descent
Year of birth missing (living people)
is a Japanese short story by Osamu Dazai. Published in 1940, "Run, Melos!" is a widely read classic in Japanese schools.
The story is a reworking of Friedrich Schiller's ballad Die Bürgschaft, which tells the story of Moerus and Selinuntius (who have lent their names to Dazai's characters as well), originally Damon and Pythias. Schiller's version is based on an ancient Greek legend recorded by the Roman author Gaius Julius Hyginus.
The most prominent theme of "Run, Melos!" is unwavering friendship. Despite hardships, the protagonist Melos does their best to save their friend's life, and in the end their efforts are rewarded.
Story
Melos is a naïve young shepherd with a sense of equity. The land in which they live is ruled by Dionysius, a tyrant king who because of their distrust of people and solitude, has killed many people, including their own family members. When Melos hears about the King's deeds one day, they become enraged. They decide to assassinate the King, and to this end they sneak into the castle with a knife, but is caught and arrested. Melos defiantly owns up to their plan to kill the King but pleads with the cynical tyrant to postpone their execution for three days so that they can return home to organise their younger sister's marriage. As collateral for their pledge to return, Melos offers their friend Selinuntius as hostage, to be executed in their stead should Melos not return in time. The King agrees to Melos' conditions and offers them a full pardon should they return moments too late. Indignant Melos insists that saving their own life is not their intention. Informed of the situation Selinuntius readily agrees to the role for which Melos has volunteered them without consultation.
Back in their home town Melos persuades first their eager sister and then their hesitant fiancé that there is urgent need for them to be married, without revealing their reasons. While the wedding festivities are in progress, Melos retires for some rest but oversleeps and only sets off to return to the city the next morning. Along the way they encounter many tribulations, such as a broken bridge due to the overflowing of the river and attacks by bandits. The running and all of these impediments along the way exhaust him. In their fatigue becoming indifferent to the fate of their friend and the impact Selinuntius' death will have on their own reputation, Melos slows down and nearly gives up while taking a break. After long contemplation of the consequence—for the sake of their friend's life and to prevent the King from claiming to have been justified in their cynical view of their subjects—and reinvigorated from drinking water from a clear spring, they rush off with renewed urgency. As the now desperate Melos runs back to Syracuse, a mutual acquaintance attempts to persuade them to give up, claiming there is no rush to return since Melos is already too late.
At sundown Melos finally arrives at the city, just in time to save their friend Selinuntius from public execution. Melos implores Selinuntius to hit him, in penance for their treachery, and Selinuntius asks them to do the same, for having doubted Melos' return while held captive on their promise. The King, forced to reexamine their position by their display and the crowd's reaction, decides to let Melos go with impunity.
Tributes
In Dazai's hometown, Kanagi (now Goshogawara, Aomori), there is a diesel train nicknamed "Hashire Merosu," owned by the Tsugaru Railway Company.
"Melos no Yō ni ~Lonely Way~," the opening theme song for the anime series Blue Comet SPT Layzner refers to the story both in its title, and in the line "Hashire, Melos no yō ni" (Run, just like Melos), which appears in the chorus.
The third line in the second verse of the song Happy Birthday by The Blue Hearts is "Ame no naka o hashire, Melos" (Run, Melos, in the rain).
The AKB48 song "Melos no Michi" (Melos's Road) references the storyline in its lyrics.
The first line in the second verse of the song "Mahou de Choi²" of the anime Ojamajo Doremi references it in its lyrics: "Hashire merosu datte hashireba hyoihyoi".
Kashiwa Daisuke's song "Write Once, Run Melos" is program music based on the short story.
The 161st episode of the anime "Prince of Tennis" is titled "Run, Momo!" as a tribute to the story.
The 6th episode of the anime "Tsuki ga Kirei" is titled "Run, Melos!" as a tribute to the story.
In the Hikaru Utada song "Bōkyaku" (Oblivion) (feat. KOHH), The line "Hashire Melos" appears in KOHH's last verse.
The Wednesday Campanella song "Melos"
In the second half of the anime Tweeny Witches, Arusu, the protagonist, finds themselves stuck in a similar situation and even mentions the tale itself.
Adaptations
Hashire Merosu (Dorama, NHK 1955)
Akai tori no kokoro: Nihon meisaku douwa shirīzu Hashire Merosu (Anime, TV Asahi 1979)
Hashire Melos (Anime, Fuji TV 1981)
Hashire Melos! (Anime movie, 1992)
Terebi ehon Hashire Merosu (Recitation by Tarō Yamamoto in 2006)
Aoi Bungaku episodes 9–10 (Anime, 2009)
Bungo to Alchemist -Gears of Judgment episode 1 (Anime, 2020)
Bibliography
Run, Melos! and Other Stories, translated by Ralph F. McCarthy. Tokyo, Kodansha International, 1988.
References
External links
Hashire Merosu at Aozora Bunko
Hashire Merosu—in rōmaji
1940 short stories
Japanese children's literature
Japanese short stories
Works by Osamu Dazai
David Irvine Masson (6 November 1915 – 27 February 2007) was a British science-fiction writer and librarian.
Biography
Born in Edinburgh, Masson came from a distinguished family of academics and thinkers. Their father, Sir Irvine Masson, was a Professor of Chemistry at Durham and Vice-Chancellor at Sheffield, their grandfather, Sir David O. Masson, emigrated to Australia and became Professor of Chemistry at Melbourne while their great-grandfather David M. Masson was Professor of English Literature at Edinburgh, wrote a biography of John Milton and was a friend of Thomas Carlyle and John Stuart Mill.
It was no great surprise, therefore, when Masson themselves began a career in higher education. Following their graduation from Merton College, Oxford, with a degree in English language and literature they took on the post of assistant librarian at the University of Leeds in 1938.
Except for a stint in the Royal Army Medical Corps during the Second World War from 1940–46, Masson remained a librarian for the rest of their working life.
Following their demobilisation they took on the role of curator of special collections at Liverpool and married their wife, Olive Newton, in 1950 before returning to Leeds in 1956 to become curator of the Brotherton collection, an assemblage of (mostly) English literature including many rare books and manuscripts bequeathed to the University by Lord Brotherton of Wakefield on their death in 1930.
It was during their 23 years at Leeds that they wrote their most well known short stories. Traveller's Rest, published in 1965 in New Worlds magazine, introduced Masson to their audience; a study in the uselessness of war focusing on a soldier's perceptions of reality in combat, perhaps influenced by their own experiences twenty years earlier.
Six more stories followed, including A Two-Timer, the tale of a 17th-century man's revulsion at the modern, 20th-century world they find themselves in, before Masson ended their relationship with New Worlds.
These seven stories were collected as The Caltraps of Time in 1968. Just three more short stories followed after 1968. These were included in the 2003 re-issue of Caltraps.... Masson also wrote several articles on the functions and effects of phonetic sound-patterning in poetry between 1951 and 1991.
Masson retired in 1979 but continued to live in the city of Leeds with their wife. The couple had a daughter and three grandchildren. They died in Leeds on 27 February 2007.
Bibliography
The Caltraps of Time (1968)
Short Stories
"Not So Certain" (New Worlds, July 1967)
References
External links
David Masson page at Ansible Editions
1915 births
2007 deaths
Writers from Edinburgh
Alumni of Merton College, Oxford
People associated with the University of Leeds
Scottish librarians
Scottish science fiction writers
20th-century Scottish novelists
Scottish male novelists
20th-century British male writers
British Army personnel of World War II
Royal Army Medical Corps soldiers
Michal Poletín (born June 9, 1991 in Prague) is a Czech professional ice hockey player playing for the club HC Dukla Jihlava .
They have played in the Czech Extraliga with HC Slavia Praha, HC Plzeň, Piráti Chomutov, PSG Berani Zlín and HC Vítkovice Ridera.
References
External links
1991 births
Living people
BK Havlíčkův Brod players
Czech expatriate sportspeople in Canada
Czech ice hockey forwards
Expatriate ice hockey players in Canada
HC Berounští Medvědi players
HC Plzeň players
HC Slavia Praha players
HC Vítkovice players
PSG Berani Zlín players
Piráti Chomutov players
Regina Pats players
Sportspeople from Prague
Apiforol is a chemical compound belonging to the flavan-4ol class of flavonoids.
Metabolism
Flavanone 4-reductase is an enzyme transforming naringenin into apiforol. This enzyme can be found in Columnea hybrida, in Malus domestica, in Pyrus communis, in Sinningia cardinalis, and in Zea mays.
References
Flavan-4-ols
Resorcinols
Michel Goba (born 8 August 1961) is an Ivorian former professional footballer who played as a striker. Their career developed from playing with Ligue 2 clubs, including Brest, Dunkerque and Abbeville.
Personal life
Goba is the uncle of Didier Drogba. They served as a mentor and father-figure to Drogba when they lived with them in France at a young age. Their son, Kévin Goba, is also a professional footballer who spent most of their career in the lower divisions of France.
References
External links
Didier Drogba's interview with FIFA
1961 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Abidjan
Association football forwards
Ivorian footballers
Ivory Coast international footballers
1980 African Cup of Nations players
1984 African Cup of Nations players
Africa Sports d'Abidjan players
Stade Brestois 29 players
Angoulême Charente FC players
Racing Besançon players
USL Dunkerque players
SC Abbeville players
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Ivorian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in France
Ivorian expatriate sportspeople in France
Flagstaff High School (FHS) is a secondary school in Flagstaff, Arizona. Flagstaff High School has been opened to the public since 1923. FHS is a four-year public high school of approximately 1,500 students. The students are primarily of five ethnic groups: White, Native American, Hispanic, Asian, and African-American. Approximately 50 percent of the students are minorities; 147 are from various Native American tribes and live at the Bureau of Indian Affairs KinLani Dormitory. The student body represents a broad socio-economic range from low income to upper middle class. Each year approximately 50 percent of the graduates enroll in four-year colleges and universities and 25 percent in two-year institutions.
Attendance boundary and supplementary dormitory
In addition to sections of Flagstaff, the school serves sections of the Navajo Reservation: Birdsprings, Leupp, and Tolani Lake.
There is a tribally-controlled dormitory facility contracting with the Bureau of Indian Education (BIE), Flagstaff Bordertown Dormitory, which houses Native American students who attend Flagstaff High.
Notable alumni
Bruce Babbitt, 16th Governor of Arizona, US Secretary of the Interior during the administration of Bill Clinton. Ran as a Democrat for President of the United States in 1988, but conceded after the New Hampshire Primary and Iowa Caucus.
Clifford Beck, Jr., Navajo painter and illustrator.
George Grantham, former MLB player (Chicago Cubs, Pittsburgh Pirates, Cincinnati Reds, New York Giants.
Yaotzin Meza, Arizona State Wrestling All-American; professional Mixed Martial Artist, currently for the UFC.
King (Plainrock124) Liang, YouTuber.
References
External links
Public high schools in Arizona
Educational institutions established in 1923
Schools in Coconino County, Arizona
1923 establishments in Arizona
Isotomiella is a genus of springtails (Collembola) in the family Isotomidae.
Species
Isotomiella alulu Christiansen & Bellinger, 1992
Isotomiella aluluminor Yoshii, 1995
Isotomiella amazonica Oliveira & Deharveng, 1990
Isotomiella annae Deharveng & Suhardjono, 1994
Isotomiella arlei Oliveira & Deharveng, 1990
Isotomiella barisan Deharveng & Suhardjono, 1994
Isotomiella barivierai Deharveng, 1989
Isotomiella barrai Deharveng & Oliveira, 1990
Isotomiella barrana Mendonça & Abrantes, 2007
Isotomiella bidentata Delamare Deboutteville, 1950
Isotomiella brevidens Bedos & Deharveng, 1994
Isotomiella canina Mendonça & Fernandes, 2003
Isotomiella ciliata Cardoso, 1969
Isotomiella cribrata Deharveng & Suhardjono, 1994
Isotomiella deforestai Deharveng & Suhardjono, 1994
Isotomiella delamarei Barra, 1968
Isotomiella digitata Deharveng & Oliveira, 1990
Isotomiella distincta Mendonça & Fernandes, 2003
Isotomiella dubia Deharveng & Suhardjono, 1994
Isotomiella dupliseta Deharveng & Oliveira, 1990
Isotomiella edaphica Bedos & Deharveng, 1994
Isotomiella falcata Mendonça & Fernandes, 2003
Isotomiella fellina Mendonça & Fernandes, 2003
Isotomiella gracilimucronata Rusek, 1981
Isotomiella granulata Oliveira & Deharveng, 1990
Isotomiella hirsuta Bedos & Deharveng, 1994
Isotomiella hygrophila Sterzyńska & Kapruś', 2001
Isotomiella insulae Barra, 2006
Isotomiella inthanonensis Bedos & Deharveng, 1994
Isotomiella leksawasdii Bedos & Deharveng, 1994
Isotomiella madeirensis Gama, 1959
Isotomiella michonae Deharveng & Suhardjono, 1994
Isotomiella minor (Schäffer, 1896)
Isotomiella muscorum (Schäffer, 1900)
Isotomiella nummulifer Deharveng & Oliveira, 1990
Isotomiella paraminor Gisin, 1942
Isotomiella proxima Mendonça & Fernandes, 2003
Isotomiella quadriseta Deharveng & Oliveira, 1990
Isotomiella sensillata Oliveira & Deharveng, 1990
Isotomiella similis Oliveira & Deharveng, 1990
Isotomiella sodwana Barra, 1997
Isotomiella spinifer Deharveng & Oliveira, 1990
Isotomiella spinosa Deharveng & Fjellberg, 1993
Isotomiella symetrimucronata Najt & Thibaud, 1987
Isotomiella thiollayi Deharveng & Suhardjono, 1994
Isotomiella unguiculata Deharveng, 1989
References
Entomobryomorpha
springtail genera
The 1943-44 Palestine League was the tenth season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine. The defending champions were Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Fourteen clubs took part in the league. the league schedule was inconsistent, as no club completed playing the 26 games.
The championship was won by Hapoel Tel Aviv.
League table
References
RSSSF
Previous seasons The Israel Football Association
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1943–44 in Mandatory Palestine football
Mamma Mia! Original Cast Recording is the original cast album for the ABBA-inspired stage musical Mamma Mia!. The album was released in 1999 and it reached No.56 in the UK album chart, with 2 weeks on the chart. Re-interest in this 1999 Original London Cast album caused it to reach #12 in the UK Album Chart, having charted at #16 a week earlier. It features performances by the original London cast of the musical including Lisa Stokke, Siobhán McCarthy and Hilton McRae. The album was produced by the two male members of ABBA, Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus.
The album featured a number of ABBA's best known songs, including the title track, "Dancing Queen", "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" and "Thank You for the Music".
Track listing
Original release
"Overture / Prologue" - Lisa Stokke—2:56
"Honey, Honey" - Lisa Stokke, Eliza Lumley, and Melissa Gibson—2:02
"Money, Money, Money" - Siobhán McCarthy, Louise Plowright, Jenny Galloway, Neal Wright, and Company—3:01
"Mamma Mia" - Siobhán McCarthy and Company-3:21
"Thank You for the Music" - Lisa Stokke, Hilton McRae, Paul Clarkson, and Nicolas Colicos-3:03
"Chiquitita" - Louise Plowright, Jenny Galloway, and Siobhán McCarthy—2:27
"Dancing Queen" - Louise Plowright, Jenny Galloway, and Siobhán McCarthy—3:44
"Lay All Your Love on Me" - Andrew Langtree, Lisa Stokke, and Company—3:34
"Super Trouper" - Siobhán McCarthy, Jenny Galloway, Louise Plowright, and Female Company—3:56
"Gimme! Gimme! Gimme! (A Man After Midnight)" - Female Company—3:34
"The Name of the Game" - Lisa Stokke and Nicolas Colicos—3:22
"Voulez-Vous" - Company—3:29
"Entr'acte" - Musical cast—2:17
"Under Attack" - Lisa Stokke and Company—3:11
"One of Us" - Siobhán McCarthy—2:20
"SOS" - Siobhán McCarthy and Hilton McRae—2:44
"Does Your Mother Know" - Louise Plowright, Neal Wright, and Company—3:21
"Knowing Me, Knowing You" - Hilton McRae—2:42
"Our Last Summer" - Paul Clarkson and Siobhán McCarthy—2:42
"Slipping Through My Fingers" - Siobhán McCarthy and Lisa Stokke—3:36
"The Winner Takes It All" - Siobhán McCarthy—4:08
"Take a Chance on Me" - Jenny Galloway and Nicolas Colicos—3:33
"I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do, I Do" - Hilton McRae, Siobhán McCarthy, and Company—2:29
"I Have a Dream" - Lisa Stokke—2:58
5th anniversary edition
The album was re-released in 2004, five years after its initial release to commemorate the musical's 5th anniversary. The new edition contained the original 24 tracks as well as three bonus tracks: the encore versions of "Dancing Queen", "Mamma Mia", and "Waterloo".
Another 5th anniversary release, which debuted in 2006, commemorates the Broadway production, which debuted in 2001.
Also included is a deluxe souvenir booklet complete with lyrics and glimpses of Donna Sheridan in international productions, and a bonus DVD that basically gives a behind-the-scenes look at the musical as well as glimpses of international productions of the musical. An additional bonus feature includes clips of the West End cast singing "Money, Money, Money" and "Dancing Queen", as well as fond memories from original Broadway cast members Joe Machota and Tina Maddigan, who play the roles of Sky and Sophie, respectively.
Bonus tracks
"Mamma Mia" (Encore) - Company
"Dancing Queen" (Encore) - Siobhán McCarthy, Louise Plowright, Jenny Galloway, and Company
"Waterloo" (Encore) - Siobhán McCarthy, Louise Plowright, Jenny Galloway, and Company
Cast
Lisa Stokke as Sophie Sheridan
Siobhán McCarthy as Donna Sheridan
Louise Plowright as Tanya
Jenny Galloway as Rosie
Paul Clarkson as Harry
Hilton McCrae as Sam
Nicolas Colicos as Bill
Reception
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Accolades
References
External links
Amazon
Cast recordings
1999 soundtrack albums
ABBA tribute albums
Theatre soundtracks
Decca Records soundtracks
Polydor Records soundtracks
Mamma Mia!
The governor of the Netherlands Antilles was the representative of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the Netherlands Antilles and the head of the government of the Netherlands Antilles.
Duties
With the introduction of the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands in 1954, the powers, obligations and responsibilities of the governor as an organ of the Kingdom of the Netherlands were regulated in the Regulations for the Governor; Article 15, paragraph 1 reads:
The governor is therefore authorized, within the limits of these regulations and the instruction of the Crown, to act on behalf of the government of the Kingdom of the Netherlands.
According to the Constitution, the governor, as a representative of the monarch, was the head of the government of the Netherlands Antilles. As the head of the government, the governor was immune. The governor exercised executive power under the responsibility of the ministers, who are responsible to the Parliament of the Netherlands Antilles.
Dissolution
On 10 October 2010 the Netherlands Antilles was dissolved. With the dissolution of the Antilles, Curaçao and Sint Maarten became constituent countries within the Kingdom of the Netherlands, while Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba became special municipalities of the Netherlands. each constituent country within the kingdom has its own governor. Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba are represented by a gezaghebber.
List of governors of Curaçao and Dependencies (1845–1954)
Before the introduction of the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands in 1954, the Dutch Antilles was called Curaçao and Dependencies.
List of governors of the Netherlands Antilles (1954–2010)
following the introduction of the charter, the governor position was officiated in the Constitution of the Netherlands Antilles
Gubernatorial standards
See also
Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles
Constitution of the Netherlands Antilles
References
External links
Homepage of the Governor of the Netherlands Antilles
Government of the Netherlands Antilles
Governors of the Netherlands Antilles
TS Pretoria was a ship that had a long and varied career as first a German cargo liner, then a U-boat depot ship, hospital ship, British troop ship, Muslim pilgrim ship and finally an Indonesian naval accommodation ship.
Description
The ship was long, with a beam of . They had a depth of , with a draught of . As built, they were assessed at . Following their 1958 refit, they were assessed as .
As built, the ship was powered by six steam turbines, rated at a total of 14,000 shp. These were fed by a number of small, high-pressure Benson boilers. The turbines drove twin screw propellers and could propel the ship at . In 1949, the Benson boilers were replaced by convention boilers, made by Foster Wheeler, operating at . In 1973, they were re-engined, being fitted with a diesel engine.
As built, the ship had accommodation for 152 first class and 338 second class passengers. In 1949, they were converted to a troopship, with accommodation for 1,491 troops. In 1959, they were refitted to carry 106 first class and 2,000 pilgrim class passengers.
History
Pre-war
Pretoria was built as yard number 536 by Blohm & Voss, Hamburg, Germany. They were launched on 16 July 1936. They were one of a pair of sister ships completed that year for Deutsche Ost-Afrika Linie, the other being TS Windhuk. The Code Letters DJSG were allocated.
Pretoria began their maiden voyage from Hamburg on 19 December 1936. Them destination was Lourenço Marques, Mozambique via Southampton, United Kingdom; Lisbon, Portugal; Casablanca, Morocco; Cape Town, South Africa. On 24 December, having departed from Southampton with 470 passengers and 300 crew on board, they ran aground on the East Lepe Bank in the Solent. Although five tugs attempted to free her, they remained aground. After 900 tons of water had been discharged overboard and 400 tons of fuel oil had been transferred to a tanker, they were freed with the aid of seven tugs on 26 December, losing their port anchor in the process. Pretoria returned to Southampton for inspection, resuming their voyage the next day. As a result of the delays incurred, the calls at Lisbon and Casablanca were omitted. Deutsche Ost-Afrika Linie operated them mainly between Hamburg, South-West Africa and South Africa.
On 20 May 1937, Pretoria was involved in a collision with the British tanker during foggy weather in the North Sea (). Hekla was badly damaged amidships and jettisoned some of their cargo. Pretoria stood by whilst tugs were sent from Bremen, Germany to Heklas aid.
World War II
In November 1939, Pretoria was requisitioned by the Kriegsmarine and used as a U-boat depot ship. Initially based at Kiel, Schleswig-Holstein, they served the 1st U-boat Flotilla, based at Neustadt, Hamburg, from January 1940. In December they were transferred to 21st U-boat Flotilla, based at Pillau, East Prussia. In 1945, they were converted to a hospital ship. Pretoria assisted in the evacuation of German civilians from the Eastern Territories towards the end of the war. In May 1945 they were in Copenhagen when Denmark was liberated, and UK forces captured them as a prize of war.
Post-war civil service
Pretoria was passed to the Ministry of War Transport (MoWT) converted to a troop ship at Newcastle upon Tyne. They were renamed Empire Doon. The MoWT placed them under the management of the Orient Steam Navigation Company. Empire Doon suffered boiler trouble in Port Said, Egypt, was towed back to Falmouth, Cornwall by the Admiralty tug Bustler. They were then laid up off Southend on Sea. Essex, Empire Doon was moved to Southampton, Hampshire in May 1947. In 1949, they were reboilered by J.I. Thorneycroft & Co of Southampton, and converted to a troopship, at a cost of £2,000,000. Trials were undertaken in November 1949, but had to be curtailed due to engine problems. Them maiden voyage as a troopship, scheduled for 10 December, was postponed. Sea trials resumed on 29 December.
The refit of Empire Doon was completed in January 1950 and they were renamed Empire Orwell to conform with the Ministry of Transport policy of ship names being prefixed "Empire" and Orient Line policy of using names beginning with "O". They had capacity for 1,491 troops in three classes. Empire Orwell departed on their maiden voyage as a troopship on 17 January 1950 bound for Tobruk, Libya and Port Said, Egypt. They served as a troopship in the 1956 Suez Crisis: landing troops in Cyprus and evacuating troops from the Suez Canal Zone.
In April 1958, Empire Orwell was damaged during storms in the Atlantic Ocean. They were towed into Lisbon, Portugal by a German tug. There were complaints about conditions on board Empire Orwell when they were returning troops from the Far East to the United Kingdom in 1958. The issue was raised in Parliament by Horace King, MP. In reply, Alfred Barnes, the Minister of Transport, stated that complaints about messing arrangements encountered in the early part of the voyage were swiftly resolved. Complaints that soldiers below the rank of sergeant were generally unable to visit their families were stated to be a matter of military discipline. Later that year, they were chartered to the Pan-Islamic Steam Ship Co of Karachi, Pakistan who used them to carry Muslim pilgrims. Alfred Holt & Co bought them in November of that year and renamed their Gunung Djati after the 16th century Javanese Wali Sanga Sunan Gunungjati. They were placed them under the management of Ocean Steam Ship Co, Liverpool, Lancashire. Gunung Djati was refitted by Barclay Curle & Co Ltd in Glasgow, Scotland. The refit increased their displacement to . They were fitted with a mosque and was fitted with indicator which would point towards Mecca. On 7 March 1959, they sailed for Djakarta, Indonesia. They could carry 106 first class passengers and 2,000 pilgrim class passengers.
In 1962 the Indonesian government bought Gunung Djati, transferred them to the Indonesian flag and continued to operate them as a pilgrim ship. In 1964 P.T. Maskapai Pelajaran "Sang Saka" of Djakarta bought them and continued to operate them in the same service. They were sold to Perusahaan Pelajaran Arafat, Djakarta. In 1973 their boilers and steam turbines were replaced with diesel engines and in 1975 they were refitted in Hong Kong.
Indonesian naval service
In 1979, the Indonesian Government bought Gunung Djati back, renamed their KRI Tanjung Pandan, with the pennant number 971. They were used by the Indonesian Navy as a troopship until 1981, and then as an accommodation ship. They had ceased to serve in this role by 1984. Tanjung Pandan was sold in 1987 to Taiwan for scrapping.
Replacement naval ship
In 2003 Indonesia commissioned an amphibious transport dock ship from Daesun Shipbuilding and Engineering of Pusan in Korea, which entered service as . They have since been converted to a hospital ship and renamed .
References
External links
Photo of Pretoria
Photo of Empire Orwell
Photo of Empire Orwell
Photo of Gunung Djati
British Pathé newsreel of Empire Orwell returning troops from Korea
Painting of Gunung Djati
Ships built in Hamburg
1936 ships
Ocean liners
Merchant ships of Germany
Steamships of Germany
World War II merchant ships of Germany
Auxiliary ships of the Kriegsmarine
Hospital ships in World War II
Empire ships
Ministry of War Transport ships
Merchant ships of the United Kingdom
Troop ships
Steamships of the United Kingdom
Steamships of Indonesia
Merchant ships of Indonesia
Naval ships of Indonesia
Maritime incidents in 1936
was a Japanese physicist and medical researcher. They worked in Kuryu Rakusen-en Sanatorium, Tohoku Shinseien Sanatorium, Suruga Sanatorium and Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium.
Life
Shigetaka Takashima was born in Tokyo on June 29, 1907. In 1931, they graduated from Keio University. In the same year, they entered Keio University's department of preventive medicine. In 1933, they worked in Kuryu Rakusen-en Sanatorium. In 1939, they worked in Tohoku Shinseien Sanatorium. In 1942, they worked in Musashi Sanatorium for the War Disabled. In 1943, they served as the acting director in Ehime Sanatorium for the War Disabled. In 1944, they were the acting director in Tokyo Sanatorium for the War Disabled. In December 1944, they were appointed the director of Suruga Sanatorium for the War Disabled. In December 1945, they became the director of Suruga Sanatorium. In August 1957, they were appointed director of Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium following the retirement of Kensuke Mitsuda.
In April 1978, they were made honorary director of Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium. They were given the First Order of the Sacred Treasure in 1978. Takashima died on January 23, 1985.
War and leprosy
In 1947, they delivered a special lecture on war and leprosy at the Congress of the Japanese Leprosy Association, which was reported in the next year. They obtained correct data since they had worked for sanatoriums for the war disabled. They reported that the total number of leprosy in-patients who developed during service was 732; 0.13 per 1000 mobilized. If other conditions were included, they estimated that an average of 100 patients developed leprosy among soldiers and sailors per year. They also pointed out that the number of military patients per localities correlated with the number of patients who lived in these localities, and suggested that the military patients had been infected in childhood. Another point they stressed was that only 3 officers developed leprosy, while all others were soldiers and sailors.
Other work
A Guide to Leprosy Medicine
In 1970, they compiled a textbook "A guide to leprosy (Rai Igaku no Tebiki)", which was the only one textbook of leprosy at that time. It was one year prior to the publication of the first edition of the Handbook of Leprosy by William Jopling.
Nagashima Bridge
They tried to construct a bridge to Nagashima Aiseien Sanatorium from Japan Proper, and the bridge was completed in 1988. It was a step toward lessening leprosy stigma.
Footnotes
References
Kika Onza (In Memory of Dr. Shigetaka Takashima). (1988) Takashima Sensei o Shinobukai, Kowakikaku, Tokyo. In Japanese.
Int J Dermatol 8, 1969, They published in Int Society of Tropical Medicine
Japanese leprologists
1907 births
1985 deaths
Japanese healthcare managers
Vaccine wastage is the number of vaccines that have not been administered during vaccine deployment in an immunization program. The wastage can occur at multiple stages of the deployment process, and can take place in both unopened and opened vials, or in oral admission. It is an expected part of vaccination deployment and is factored into the manufacturing process.
Prevalence
A 2018 study into Cambodia's national immunization program found wastage rates of 0% to 60% depending on location and vaccination type.
A study from India which collected Universal Immunisation Programme data from two different locations (Kangra and Pune districts) between January 2016 to December 2017 found wastage rates that differed according to vaccine type, reuse type, vial size, transition from IPV (inactivated polio vaccine) dosage to fIPV (fractional inactivated polio vaccine) and according to the geographical location. In both districts wastage increased as vial size increased from 5 to 10 dose vials. In Kangra, wastage observed in oral polio vaccine was 50.8% while in Pune it was 14.3%. Wastage for a number of other vaccinations in the program was higher than what had been factored into the initial programme forecasting.
Parts of the United States has vaccine wastage tracking factored into the deployment process. Reasons for vaccine wastage are categorised as— broken vial/syringe, lost or unaccounted for, open but not all doses administered, or drawn into a syringe but not administered. Other reasons for wastage include contamination, expiration and temperature issues. Vaccine wastage in the United States during its 2021 COVID-19 vaccination program is less that 1%, and reported as low as 0.1%. In India covid vaccine wastage was 6.5% while in Scotland and Wales it was 1.8%.
Reduction
Improving requirement estimates, transportation and logistics, wastage reporting, optimal session sizes and usage of syringes and needles with low dead volume are important factors in reducing wastage. While manufacturing single dose vials would considerably reduce vaccine wastage, it would increase the cost of the manufacturing process. However there are cases when single dose vials are optimum such as when administering vaccines to a limited number of people or single person sessions.
References
Vaccination
The Exit, Voice, Loyalty (EVL) model or Exit, Voice, Loyalty, Neglect (EVLN) is used in the fields of comparative politics and organizational behavior. It is an extensive form game used to model interactions typically involving negative changes to one player's environment by another player. These concepts first appeared in Albert Hirschman's more broadly focused 1970 book, Exit, Voice, and Loyalty: Responses to Decline in Firms, Organizations, and States. A common use in political science is between citizens and their government. Usually in this use the Citizen player is any group within a society ranging from a single individual to the citizenry as a whole.
Model
The EVL Model involves two agents and their responses to a change initiated before the game began. The first agent is commonly referred to as the Citizen and the second is commonly referred to as the Government. EVL assumes that the change implemented before the game began was performed by the Government and negatively harms the Citizen.
Formal Definition
The formal definition of EVL is the following:
There are two players: . The moves first, and chooses among three actions . If the chooses , then can either or . If the chooses to , the then chooses between or . Subsequent to this (and any other action choices), the game terminates.
Formally, this is represented by the set of histories The terminal histories, upon reaching which the game terminates, is given by For all other histories, one of the two players makes a move, and this is given by the player function
The utility function of the is defined as
In words, the incurs a cost of whenever they choose to raise their , and if the , they get a payoff of . Irrespective of this choice, they can choose to for a payoff of or remain for payoff of zero.
Similarly, the payoff function of the is defined as
In words, the incurs a cost of one for to the concerns, and gains a payoff of if the does not .
Theoretical Definition
The precursory policy that the Government has implemented has the effect of removing a benefit with the value of 1 from the Citizen and giving it to the Government. The value was chosen to be 1 so that all comparisons within the game can easily be converted to ratios and then adapted to other situations where the true value of the benefit is known.
In EVL, all possible actions that can be taken by the Citizen are grouped into one of three options. Exit options are those in which the Citizen accepts the loss of the benefit and instead alters their behavior to get the best possible alternative. Examples could include relocating assets to avoid a new tax, reincorporating a business to avoid new regulations, buying goods from a different store when the quality of the original diminishes, voting out the incumbent, etc. The payoff of an Exit option for the Citizen is the variable E and the Government gets to keep the 1 it took initially.
Loyalty options are ones where the Citizen chooses to put up with the new policy and not alter their behavior. The payoff for the Citizen is 0 as they decide to take the loss and the Government receives the 1 it took plus the value of the Citizen's Loyalty. The value of the Citizen's Loyalty is the variable L.
Voice options are where the Citizen makes an active effort to show their dissatisfaction with the new policy and tries to get the Government to change its mind. Examples could be lobbying, protesting, petitioning, etc. Voice options do not have immediate payoffs but are intended to give the Government a chance to Respond to the Citizen and revert the policy. In the event the Government does Respond, the payoff for the Citizen is the 1 the Government initially took minus the cost of using Voice. This cost is the variable c. If the Government chooses to Ignore then the Citizen can still Exit or remain Loyal. No matter what the Citizen chooses, they still have to bear the cost of using their Voice and so the payoff for Exit would be E - c and 0 - c for remaining Loyal. The Government would receive the payoff of L (the value of the Citizen's Loyalty) if they chose to Respond and revert the policy, 1 if they chose to Ignore and the Citizen Exits, and 1 + L if they Ignore and the Citizen chooses to remain Loyal.
Dependent/Autonomous Governments and Credible Exit Threats
In EVL, if the Government is dependent on the Loyalty of the Citizen then L > 1 and if the Government is autonomous, i.e. not dependent on the loyalty and support of the Citizen, L < 1. Examples of Government dependence could be elected officials being dependent on the support of their voters, business owners being dependent on their workers, governments being dependent on institutions for economic well-being, etc. An important note is that the value the Government places on the Loyalty from the Citizen is in relation to the benefit it took. Different Citizen players also have different possible Exit options. If the Citizens have a viable Exit option, sometimes called a credible Exit threat, then E > 0, and if the Citizen does not have any good or credible Exit options then E < 0. Along with this, the cost of using the Voice option changes depending on the Citizen player as well.
Different Outcomes
The EVL game is solved differently whether the Government is dependent or autonomous from the Citizen, whether the Citizen has or does not have a credible Exit option, and the cost of using Voice.
EVL shows that the only time a Government will Respond to the Citizen using their Voice is when the Government is dependent on the support of the Citizen (L > 1) and when the Citizen has a credible Exit option (E > 0). With all other combinations of E and L the Government will choose to Ignore the Citizen if they decide to use their Voice and so the Citizen will choose to Exit or remain Loyal instead rather than bear the cost of using Voice. Although, if the cost of using Voice (c) becomes high enough (E > 1 - c) then even a dependent Government can prevent a Citizen with a credible exit threat from using their Voice.
Depending on the values of E, L, and c for different Government and Citizen players, the Government will either enact or not enact the instigating policy. The EVL game is largely never played out in reality but is used to model why institutions and individuals with relationships like those in EVL behave the way they do. In reality the players typically do not have complete information. Typically, the game can be assumed as having a precursory step in which the Government decides whether or not to implement the policy.
Applications
Many of the applications of this theory involve the different ways in which the extensive form game resolves when the values of E, L, and c are adjusted.
Dependent Government
When the Citizen has a viable Exit option and the Government is dependent on the Loyalty of the Citizen (i.e. E > 0, L > 1) the Government would not try to take away the benefit to begin with as the game would end with as it knew it would have to Respond. A parallel can be drawn to the structural dependence of the state on capital within Structural Marxism where the state is seen as being dependent on capital for its existence and the capitalists have viable Exit options through their easily mobile assets while labor does not.
In cases where the Citizen has no viable Exit option and the Government is dependent on the Loyalty of the Citizen (i.e. E < 0, L > 1) the Citizen exercises Loyalty in the face of the environmental change. Real world examples can be drawn to the Financial crisis of 2007–2008 in the United States regarding the financial bailout of the financial and automobile sectors. Within a week of Lehman Brothers declaring bankruptcy the United States Treasury drafted the Troubled Asset Relief Program which planned to spend $700 billion to buy assets from struggling banks and was passed two weeks later. The then Treasury Secretary Paulson said "you won't leave this room until you agree to take this money" to the heads of the largest banks during a meeting in Washington D.C. Ford, General Motors, and Chrysler sent their chief executives to Congress to ask for a bailout of $25 billion from the Troubled Asset Relief Program. Members of Congress initially refused the bailout and mocked the executives having flown private jets to the meeting. They later returned having carpooled and were granted $13.4 billion. The automotive industry had to go through many more hurdles to receive any funds than members of the financial sector. The government and economy were dependent on the survival of both sectors but the difference in response to each facing financial trouble can be interpreted as a difference in Exit option between the two. The automotive sector has much less mobile assets as factories take much longer to move outside the country compared to financial institutions and so can be thought of as having a much weaker Exit option.
Other examples include political parties who require the support of certain groups to get elected but those groups have no viable alternative for whom to vote for. In this scenario the political party assumes the role of the Government and the group is the Citizen. The Government is dependent on the Citizen but the Citizen is without a viable Exit option (i.e. L > 1, E < 0).
Protests
One of the most obvious ways Citizens can use Voice is by protesting. The EVL Model predicts that the Citizen will only use their Voice if they have a viable Exit option and the Government is dependent (E > 0, L > 1). However, if the Government knows the Citizen will use Voice and force it to respond and revert the change it made, the Government would not enact the change in the first place. The EVL Model explains that the only time protests or other forms of Voice would be observed is when the Government does not know whether the Citizen has a credible Exit option (i.e. the Government does not know E > 0) but knows it's dependent, or when the Citizen does not know that the Government is autonomous (i.e.the Citizen does not know L < 1).
Exit, Voice, Loyalty, Neglect Model
Exit
This includes leaving the organization, transferring to another work unit, or at least trying to get away from the unsatisfactory situation. The general theory is that job dissatisfaction builds over time and is eventually strong enough to motivate employees to search for better work opportunities elsewhere. This is likely true to some extent, but the most recent opinion is that specific 'shock events' quickly energize employees to think about and engage in exit behavior. For example, the emotion reaction you experience to an unfair management decision or a conflict episode with a co-worker motivates you to look at job ads and speak to friends about job opportunities where they work. This begins the process of realigning your self-concept more with another company than with your current employer.
Voice
Voice refers to any attempt to change, rather than escape from, the dissatisfying situation. Voice can be constructive response, such as recommending ways for management to improve the situation, or it can be more confrontational, such as by filing formal grievances. In the extreme, some employees might engage in counterproductive behaviors to get attention and force changes in the organization.
Loyalty
According to A. O. Hirschman, the author of Exit, Voice, and Loyalty, the loyalty of a member to the organization they belong to is higher when the entrance costs (physical, moral, material, or cognitive) are higher. Loyalty would be characterized as passively waiting for conditions to improve.
Neglect
Neglect includes reducing work efforts, paying less attention to quality, and increasing absenteeism and lateness. It is generally considered a passive activity that has negative consequences for the organization. The Neglect response is passively allowing for conditions to worsen.
References
Organizational theory
Political science
Stanislas Marie Bormans (1835–1912) was a Belgian archivist and historian.
Life
Bormans was born in Hasselt on 2 February 1835. When they were a few months old, their father, Jean-Henri Bormans, was appointed a professor at the University of Ghent. Two years later they transferred to the University of Liège.
Stanislas graduated from Doctor of Philosophy in July 1857 and was appointed assistant curator of the State Archives in Liège. In 1864 they married Victoire Francotte, daughter of a family in Liège. In 1873 they became curator of the State Archives in Namur, but in 1882 they returned to their former position of assistant curator in Liège so that their wife, whose health was poor, could be near their parents. In 1884 they became chief curator of the archives in Liège, but in 1885 they were appointed to the University of Liège, where they remained until their retirement in 1905. They taught palaeography from 1886, and from 1890 to 1896 was Professor of the History of Medieval and Modern Institutions, a position that they were glad to resign.
After being widowed in 1886, they remarried the following year with Anne de Roodenbeke, who bore them four children.
They were a co-founder of the Société des Bibliophiles liégeois and served as secretary, vice-president and president of the Institut archéologique liégeois. They were also on the editorial committee of the Biographie Nationale de Belgique.
They died in Liège on 15 November 1912.
Publications
Le bon métier des tanneurs de l'ancienne cité de Liége (Liége, Carmanne, 1863) On Google Books
Chronique des évêques de Liége: XIIIe siècle (Liège, L. Grandmont-Donders, 1864) On Google Books
Vocabulaire des houilleurs liégeois (Liège, Carmanne, 1864)
Chambre des finances des Princes de Liége: table des registres aux octrois, rendages, engagères (Liège, L. Grandmont-Donders, 1865) On Google Books
Le bon métier des drapiers de l'ancienne cité de Liége (Liège, J.-G. Carmanne, 1866) On Google Books
Les seigneuries allodiales du pays de Liége (Liège, Gothier, 1867) On Google Books
Louis Abry, Les hommes illustres de la nation liégeoise, edited by Stanislas Bormans and Henri Helbig (Liège, Grandmont-Donders, 1867) On Google Books
Ernest de Rye, Traicté des maisons nobles du pays de Liège, edited by Stanislas Bormans and Eugène Poswick (Liège, Grandmont-Donders, 1870) On Google Books
Jean Joseph Raikem, Mathieu-Lambert Polain and Stanislas Bormans, eds., Coutumes du pays de Liège, vol. 2 (Brussels, Gobbaerts, 1884) On Google Books
Les fiefs du comté de Namur (3 volumes, Namur, Wesmael-Charlier, 1875-1879) On Google Books
Cartulaire de la commune de Couvin (Namur, Wesmael-Charlier, 1875)
Recueil des ordonnances de la Principauté de Liége. 1er Série: 974-1506 (Brussels, Gobbaerts, 1878)
Stanislas Bormans, et al., eds., Cartulaire de la commune de Dinant (8 volumes, Namur, Wesmael-Charlier, 1880-1908)
A. Grétry, Lettres inédites, edited by Stanislas Bormans (Liége, L. de Thier, 1883)
Onofrio de Santa Croce, Mémoire du légat Onufrius sur les affaires de Liège (1468), edited by Stanislas Bormans (Brussels, Hayez, 1885) On Internet Archive
Table analytique des matières contenues dans la chronique de Jean de Stavelot(Brussels, Hayez, 1887)
Jean d'Outremeuse, Ly myreur des histors, introduction and index by Stanislas Bormans (Brussels, Hayez, 1887) On Internet Archive
Stanislas Bormans, Edouard Poncelet and Emile Schoolmeesters, eds., Cartulaire de l'église Saint-Lambert de Liége (6 volumes, Brussels, Hayez, 1893-1933)
Inventaire des cartulaires belges conservés à l'étranger (Brussels, Kiesseling, 1899)
with Édouard Poncelet, Inventaire analytique des chartes de la Collégiale de Saint-Pierre à Liége (Brussels, Kiessling, 1906)
References
Belgian archivists
1835 births
1912 deaths
USS Viper was a heavily armed row galley commissioned by the United States Navy for service in the War of 1812. They were successful in their operations against the British on Lake Champlain, and was retired after the war.
Built in Vermont
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, Viper was one of six large row galleys hastily built and commissioned in the mid-1814 at Vergennes, Vermont, for use by Commodore Thomas Macdonough against the British on Lake Champlain.
Service in the War of 1812
Under the command of Lieutenant Francis Mitchell, Viper participated in the capture of the British squadron, under Commodore George Downie, off Plattsburgh, New York, on 11 September 1814, where they helped drive the surviving enemy gunboats back towards Canada.
This American naval victory ended English attempts to invade and split the United States in two by way of the Lake Champlain-Hudson River corridor, immeasurably strengthening the American bargaining position during peace negotiations at Ghent. Viper remained with the squadron for the remainder of the war but, with the return of peace, was partially dismantled and laid up at Whitehall, New York.
Post-war disposition
Viper was sold at Whitehall at public sale in 1825.
References
Ships built in Vermont
War of 1812 ships of the United States
Row galleys of the United States Navy
1814 ships
1814 establishments in Vermont
The GK convoys were a series of Caribbean convoys which ran during the Battle of the Atlantic in World War II.
They take their name from the route: Guantanamo, Cuba to Key West, Florida
Overview
The GK series was the reverse of KG series that ran from 1 September 1942 until 6 May 1945. There were 163 "GK" convoys, comprising 1,064 individual ship listings. The escort ships for these convoys are not listed in the reference cited. Almost all ships listed in a convoy made the complete trip between Guantanamo and Key West. Only two are listed as going to Port Everglades, Florida, and one to Mayport, Florida.
The series started with GK 700 through GK 878 with 16 convoys cancelled and no record available for the last convoy, GK 878. There are also no ships listed as being lost.
Convoy List
1942
1943
1944
1945
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Books
Online resources
External links
Full listing of ships sailing in GK convoys
GK 01
Battle of the Atlantic
Caribbean Sea operations of World War II
The Fokker C.IV was a 1920s Dutch two-seat reconnaissance aircraft designed and built by
Fokker.
Design and development
The C.IV was developed from the earlier C.I but it was a larger and more robust aircraft. The C.IV was designed as a reconnaissance biplane with a fixed tailwheel landing gear and was originally powered by the Napier Lion piston engine. It had a wider fuselage and wider track of the cross-axle landing gear than the C.I.
Operational history
Examples of the C.IV were delivered to both the Dutch Army Air Corps (30 aircraft) and the Dutch East Indies Army (10 aircraft). It was also exported; the USSR bought 55 aircraft and the United States Army Air Service acquired eight. Twenty aircraft were licensed built in Spain by the Talleres Loring company for the Spanish Army's Aeronáutica Militar. After service as reconnaissance machines the aircraft were then operated as trainers into the 1930s.
The last flying example of a C.IV is C.IVa s/n4127/N439FK with a Rolls-Royce Eagle VIII engine, preserved at the Owls Head Transportation Museum in Owls Head, Maine. It was used in a trans-Pacific attempt in the late 1920s or early 1930s. Pilots Bob Wark and Eddie Brown took out the seats in the passenger compartment and installed a large fuel tank. They also put a small cockpit just in front of the vertical stabilizer with a hand-powered fuel pump inside. In flight, the crew member sitting there would transfer fuel to the main tank in the wing, where it would be fed by gravity into the engine. In this trans-Pacific attempt they planned not to go straight across the Pacific but up the West Coast of North America to Alaska and down the chain of Aleutian Islands, proceeding down the Chinese coast to Tokyo. They took off from Tacoma, Washington and started to head north, but made it only about 100 miles of the way to Vancouver, British Columbia when the engine vapor locked and forced a landing in a field. They had to dump most of their fuel to bring down the weight in order to take off from the field. When they got back in the air, they started heading for nearby Ladner Field, Vancouver to top off the tanks, but they crashed upon landing and decided to give up. They loaded the C.IV onto a Ford AA flatbed truck and brought it back to Washington State. It ended up in Ephrata, Washington, where it was kept outdoors and was eventually badly burned in a grass fire. It sat until 1970, when one of the museum's trustees found it and restored it and donated it to the museum.
Variants
C.IV
Production version with a 336 kW (450 hp) Napier Lion engine.
C.IVA
A reduced wing-span version (12.50 m/41 ft) and reduced takeoff weight. Built for the Dutch East Indies Army. powered by a Rolls-Royce Eagle VIII V-12 engine
C.IVB
As C.IV but using a Rolls-Royce Eagle or Liberty L-12 engine.
C.IVC
Long-range reconnaissance version with extended wingspan (14.27 m/46 ft).
C.IV-W
Extended wingspan as C.IVC and fitted with twin-floats and Napier Lion engine.
C.IVH
Special version for a flight between Amsterdam and Tokyo in 1924.
XCO-4
United States Army designation for three aircraft for evaluation.
CO-4A
United States Army designation for five production aircraft powered by 313 kW (420 hp) Liberty L-12A engine and fuselage extended by 24 cm (9½ in).
AO-1
United States Army designation for an artillery spotting version modified from one of the XCO-4s
Operators
Dutch Air Force
Aeronáutica Militar
United States Army Air Service
Soviet Air Force
Specifications (C.IV)
See also
References
Notes
Bibliography
John Andrade, U.S.Military Aircraft Designations and Serials since 1909, Midland Counties Publications, 1979, (Pages 40 and 98)
The Illustrated Encyclopedia of Aircraft (Part Work 1982-1985), 1985, Orbis Publishing, Page 1858
1920s Dutch military reconnaissance aircraft
C 04
Biplanes
Single-engined tractor aircraft
Aircraft first flown in 1923
Magomed Kurugliyev (born 16 January 1974 in Dagestan) is a Lezgin from Dagestan.  They are a citizen of Kazakhstan. They were a wrestler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
They won a bronze medal at the 2005 World Wrestling Championships. Other notable achievements include bronze medals at the 1998 Asian Games and 2006 Asian Games, as well as a silver medal at the 2002 Asian Games.
References
1974 births
Living people
People from Khivsky District
Kazakhstani people of Dagestani descent
Olympic wrestlers of Kazakhstan
Wrestlers at the 1996 Summer Olympics
Wrestlers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Kazakhstani male sport wrestlers
Wrestlers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Asian Games medalists in wrestling
Wrestlers at the 1998 Asian Games
Wrestlers at the 2002 Asian Games
Wrestlers at the 2006 Asian Games
Medalists at the 1998 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2002 Asian Games
Medalists at the 2006 Asian Games
Asian Games silver medalists for Kazakhstan
Asian Games bronze medalists for Kazakhstan
Margaret Lynch (born 1831) was best known for their role as one of the few female members of the crew on the . They worked on the ship for 7 years and was recognised in the press as 'an institution'.
Them role as a flight attendantess was something that became more common as more women were travelling on passenger ships in the mid nineteenth century
Early life
Margaret was born in Dublin in 1831. No records have been found of their early life, but crew documents for the held in the National Archives show their place of birth. They also show that by the time Margaret joined the ship they were 35 years old and widowed.
Working life
Through the development of luxury passenger liners like the SS Great Britain, women travellers became more commonplace and this required the assistance of female flight attendantesses. This meant that women had the opportunity to work at sea. They would serve first class women who were travelling without their own servants. They were also expected to control disorderly behaviour. Most flight attendantesses were unmarried or widowed like Margaret and were on average in their mid thirties to mid forties.
Margaret worked as a flight attendantess for many voyages to Australia between 1866 and 1872, making on average £5 a month. They were celebrated in an article in the Western Daily Press alongside other key crew members- “Mrs Lynch, the flight attendantess, has been in the vessel several years and is an institution.” Margaret's final working journey was to Liverpool in 1872. It was during this voyage where Captain John Gray mysteriously disappeared. Margaret did travel back to Australia in 1873, but this time as a passenger.
There are no records on what became of Margaret Lynch after their life on the SS Great Britain.
References
1831 births
Maritime transport
People from Dublin (city)
Year of death missing
Melinda Anne "Mindy" Gehrs is a former All-American swimmer who was inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor in January 2009.
Youth in Oak Ridge, Tennessee
A native of Oak Ridge, Tennessee, Gehrs is the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Carl and Judi Gehrs. They began swimming at age seven and was a member of two junior national teams and two national teams. They were also a four-time Tennessee state champion and swam for both Oak Ridge High School and the Atomic City Aquatic Club (so named because Gehrs' hometown of Oak Ridge was a base for the Manhattan Project, the operation that developed the atomic bomb). In 1998, Gehrs was inducted into the Oak Ridge Sports Hall of Fame. At the time of their selection, The Oak Ridger called Gehrs "the best swimmer to ever part the waters of the Atomic City."
University of Michigan
Competing for Michigan from 1990 to 1993, they received 11 All-American honors in five events and won 13 Big Ten championships and the 1993 NCAA championship in the 400-meter individual medley. In 1992, Gehrs was named the Big Ten Women's Swimmer of the Year and received the Big Ten High Point Swimmer award after scoring a perfect 60 points with first-place finishes in: (a) the 200-meter individual medley with a time of 2:00.85, (b) the 400-meter individual medley with a time of 4:14.39, and (c) the 200-meter butterfly with a time of 1:59.52. All three of their times were University of Michigan school records, and their time in the 200-meter individual medley was also a Big Ten Conference record. At the end of the 1992 swim season, Gehrs told a Tennessee newspaper, "I just had a fantastic year. I was excited about the whole team. I got three individual bests - finally - and our relays were really good too." In 1993, they were named the NCAA Woman of the Year. Gehrs also received honors for their academic accomplishments, including three Academic All-Big Ten awards and the 1993 Big Ten Conference Medal of Honor for combined excellence in academics and athletics.
In January 2009, they were inducted into the University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor.
Medical career and triathlete
In 1998, Gehrs received their medical degree from the University of Alabama School of Medicine in Birmingham, Alabama. They also competed in triathlons and won the 1995 FS Fitness Systems Knoxville Lock Triathlon. In December 2002, Gehrs married Heath William Beaver at the Trinity United Methodist Church of Hartford City, Indiana. As of 2009, Gehrs is a practicing physician in Longmont, Colorado, specializing in the field of rehabilitation medicine. They treat patients with musculoskeletal, neuromuscular and spine problems and is a member of the American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.
See also
University of Michigan Athletic Hall of Honor
References
American female swimmers
People from Oak Ridge, Tennessee
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Michigan Wolverines women's swimmers
Nick Gaetano is an artist, known for creating the 25th Anniversary Edition cover art for the works of Ayn Rand: Atlas Shrugged, The Fountainhead, Anthem, We the Living, Philosophy: Who Needs It, Capitalism: the Unknown Ideal, For the New Intellectual, The Early Ayn Rand, The Romantic Manifesto, and The Virtue of Selfishness. They also created The Ayn Rand Postage Stamp. In 2002, the original art for the Anniversary Editions of The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged sold at auction for $118,000 (According to Gaetano they never got a penny for it).
Biography
Nick Gaetano was born in Colorado Springs, Colorado. They attended the Art Center College of Design where they received their education. They currently reside in Laguna Beach, California.
Awards
Nick Gaetano received the following awards:
Fellowship/ New Jersey State Council of the Arts
Juror's Award/ American Annual Works on Paper/ Jane Livingston
Juror's Award/ Expo 2003/ Dallas TX/ Vincent Falsetta
Juror's Award / TVAA / Dallas TX - Nancy Whitenack
Juror's Award / Best of Show /Rockwell Artists League / Ted Pillsbury
References
https://www.interviewmagazine.com/culture/nick-gaetano
External links
Nick Gaetano's website
Nick Gaetano's Facebook page
American illustrators
American people of Italian descent
Living people
People from Burlingame, California
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
The Czech immigration in Venezuela began during the end of World War II. By 1950, the Czech colony was one of the most scarce European immigrant groups in the country: 1,124 people, according to the census of the time. It was not often that the Czechs people left their country with the express hopes of being settled in Venezuela. Many arrived after trying their luck in other countries; Others, by reference of third parties. But the main reason to settle here was simply the ease with which the Venezuelan government granted visas.
The second wave of immigration that came out of Czechoslovakia in this century, that of 1968, was numerous. Although most preferred countries in Western Europe, the United States or Canada, a few came to Venezuela. But after the division of Czechoslovakia (split today in the Czech Republic and Slovakia), the democratic opening, immigration to Venezuela has been almost nil.
At the Embassy of the Czech Republic in Caracas were registered at the end of the twentieth century just over 200 immigrants in the country but could be more. There is no known statistic, but according to Ambassador Antonin Blazek, if one compares the relationship between the number of immigrants and contributions to the country (means in commercial and cultural benefits), the Czechs could lead the list in Venezuela as one of the most productive immigrant colonies.
Notable people
Emil Friedman, violinist.
Vladimir Kubis, veterinary
Karl Stohr, composer and poet
Harry Osers, engineer
Peter Seidemann, engineer
Hans Neumann, chemist
Lothar Neumann, chemist
Vanessa Neumann, lawyer
Richard Novicki, parasithologist
Ilan Chester, singer and composer
Karl Roubicek, brewer master
Perla Vonasek, actor
L. Rafael Reif, engineer and inventor. 17th president of Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Anneliese Rockenbach, swimmer
Hellmuth Straka, anthropologist
Tomas Straka, historian
Martin Trnovsky, chemist
Ernst Tugendhat, philosopher.
References
External links
Asociación Venezolano-Checa
European Venezuelan
Argentine
Venezuelan people of Czechoslovak descent
"Waiting For My Chance to Come" is a song by English folk band Noah and the Whale. The single served as the fourth single from the band's third studio album, Last Night on Earth. The single was released in the United Kingdom on 12 September 2011. It has so far peaked to number 185 on the UK Singles Chart.
Music video
The music video for the song appeared on their YouTube channel on 12 September 2011. It features the band playing on a red lightship in the pool of London on the Thames, visibly across from The O2. Throughout the video the Union Jack is used with Charlie Fink wearing a set of Union Jack socks and showing shots of the band with Fink draped in Union Jack bunting.
Track listing
Chart performance
Credits and personnel
Lead vocals – Noah and the Whale
Producers – Charlie Fink, Jason Lader
Lyrics – Charlie Fink
Label: Mercury Records
References
2011 singles
Mercury Records singles
Noah and the Whale songs
2011 songs
Robert Winthrop (April 18, 1833 – November 18, 1892) was a wealthy banker and capitalist in New York City.
Family
Winthrop was born on April 18, 1833. They were the son of Thomas Charles Winthrop (1797–1873) and Georgianna (Kane) Winthrop. They were also the brother of Civil War General Frederic Winthrop. They were a direct descendant of colonial governors John Winthrop, John Winthrop, Jr., and Fitz-John Winthrop.
Career
Robert Winthrop commenced their business career in the cotton and sugar business with J.&A. Dennistoun Wood. In 1859, they turned to banking with the firm of Read, & Drexel. They were admitted to the New York Stock Exchange in 1862. In 1863, they became a one-third owner in the firm of Drexel, Winthrop & Company.
Drexel, Winthrop was a very successful firm during the 1860s. most of this time, this New York branch, combined with the Drexel's Philadelphia branch, was profiting between $300,000 and $350,000 per year. The Drexel brothers had a desire to do more European investing, as Winthrop did not agree, Drexel, Winthrop was dissolved in 1871 and Robert Winthrop & Company was established.
Over the next twenty years, this company would grow into an important family banking enterprise; Robert Winthrop multiplied their family's fortune many times over. The Company would remain in the Winthrop family's hands for over one hundred years. In 1977, Wood, Struthers, & Winthrop, the successor firm of Robert Winthrop & Company, was sold to Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette for one-million shares of DLJ stock. DLJ went on to become part of Credit Suisse.
Robert Winthrop was considered a close associate of their father-in-law, Moses Taylor. By the late 1860s, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Winthrop were large holders of the Manhattan Gas Light Company with 240 shares. In 1873, they held 1,320 shares of the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad. In 1870, Winthrop was a director of The Manhattan Coal Company. The extent of the Robert Winthrop family wealth would be further revealed during the Pujo Committee investigations. In 1913, a report issued by the Taft Administration showed that Mrs. Robert Winthrop was the third largest shareholder of National City Bank of New York, while Robert Winthrop & Company was the sixth largest shareholder in the National Bank of Commerce of New York. These were the nation's two largest banks at the time. Their son, Beekman Winthrop, headed Robert Winthrop and Company from 1913 until 1939 and served as a director of National City Bank.
In 1883, Robert Winthrop was an original shareholder of the Real Estate Exchange and Auction Room in New York when they purchased $10,000 of the original $115,000 subscribed. Other original shareholders included John Jacob Astor, William Astor, and Lloyd Aspinwall. Winthrop served as a trustee of the New York Life Insurance and Trust Company and the Orthopedic Hospital.
Society life
Socially, Robert Winthrop belonged to the Union, Knickerbocker, Riding, and Metropolitan Clubs. Winthrop was a friend, neighbor, and business associate of Theodore Roosevelt, Sr., father of United States President Theodore Roosevelt. The Winthrop and Roosevelt families would remain close through the next generation as Robert Winthrop's son, Beekman Winthrop, would serve as Governor of Puerto Rico and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury during Roosevelt's Administration.
Personal life
On June 23, 1859, Winthrop was married to Kate Wilson Taylor (1839–1925). They were the daughter of Moses Taylor, who was one of the greatest railroad, iron, and coal company financiers and was president of National City Bank for 27 years. They had six children who lived to adulthood:
Robert Dudley Winthrop (1861–1912), a Harvard graduate and banker who did not marry.
Grenville Lindall Winthrop (1864–1943), who accumulated one of the largest and most valuable private art collections in the United States, which they bequeathed to the Fogg Art Museum at Harvard University upon their death in 1943.
Katharine Taylor Winthrop (1866–1943), who married U.S. Senator Hamilton Fish Kean.
Frederic Bayard Winthrop (1868–1932), who married Dorothy Amory (d. 1907) in 1903. After their death, they married Sarah Barroll Thayer (1885–1938), the daughter of Nathaniel Thayer III, in 1911.
Albertina Taylor Winthrop (1871–1934), who married Dutch diplomat Jan Herman van Roijen.
Beekman Winthrop (1874–1940), who served in the Taft Administration and from 1909 to 1913, was Assistant Secretary of the Navy. They married Melza Riggs Wood (1870-1928).
Winthrop died on November 18, 1892 at their home, 38 East 37th Street in New York City and their funeral was held at Grace Church in Manhattan.
Descendants
Through their daughter Katharine, Winthrop was the grandfather of U.S. Congressman Robert Winthrop Kean (1893–1980), grandfather of Governor of New Jersey and 9/11 Commission Chairman Thomas Howard Kean Sr. (b. 1935), and 2x great-grandfather of Minority Leader of the New Jersey Senate Thomas Kean (b. 1968). It was the Winthrop-Taylor fortune that kept the Kean family afloat in tough economic times. Winthrop-Taylor monies were lent to the Kean's during the Panic of 1907, during the Great Depression to recapitalize Kean, Taylor and National State Bank of Elizabeth, and once again upon the death of Hamilton Fish Kean in 1941 to keep Kean, Taylor in existence.
Among Robert Winthrop's descendants, Robert Winthrop (1904–1999), who headed Robert Winthrop & Company, and Wood, Struthers, & Winthrop from 1939 until 1969 and was the majority partner upon its sale in 1977. Frederic Winthrop (1906–1979) was a gentleman farmer who presided over their estate in Hamilton and Ipswich, Massachusetts. Frederic Winthrop was the father of five sons including Grant Forbes Winthrop who is a partner at Milbank, & Winthrop, a private investment firm in New York City. Through their marriage, Frederic Winthrop was the uncle of U.S. Senator John F. Kerry. The Winthrop cousins also jointly own a plantation in Allendale County, South Carolina, called Groton Plantation. The plantation is today the site of ongoing conservation efforts through game management, and the land remains a token of beautiful low country South Carolina.
References
Further reading
"The Business Career of Moses Taylor" by Daniel Hodas, New York: New York University Press (1976).
"An Old Merchant's Death", obituary of Moses Taylor in The New York Times, May 24, 1882.
"Reared in a Greenhouse" by Dorothy B. Wexler, New York and London, Garland Publishing (1998).
"Governor Tom Kean" by Alvin S. Felzenberg: RutgersUniversity Press (2006).
"Fourscore Years" by Robert W. Kean, Privately Published (1974).
"The New York Times," articles from the following dates: June 25, 1859; October 16, 1977; January 23, 1913; December 4, 1883;
External links
Groton Plantation – Solomons Crossroads, Allendale & Hampton Counties
Winthrop Family Home Movie Collection, University of Georgia
1833 births
1892 deaths
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
American financiers
19th-century American businesspeople
Winthrop family
American people of English descent
Businesspeople from New York City
American bankers
People from Murray Hill, Manhattan
Dame Athene Margaret Donald (née Griffith; born 15 May 1953) is a British physicist.  They are Professor of Experimental Physics at the University of Cambridge, and since 2014 Master of Churchill College, Cambridge.
Early life and education
They were born Athene Margaret Griffith in London, to Walter Griffith and Annette Marian Tylor. They were educated at Camden School for Girls and Girton College, Cambridge. They earned a bachelor's degree in Natural Science (Theoretical Physics), followed by a PhD in 1977 for research on electron microscopy of grain boundary embrittled systems.
Research and career
They worked at Cornell University as a postdoctoral associate, where they switched working on metals to polymers, before returning to Cambridge (Department of Materials Science) in 1981 and to the Cavendish Laboratory in 1983. They became Professor of Experimental Physics in 1998. Them major domain of study is soft matter physics, particularly its applications to living organisms and the relationship between structure and other properties.
Them research has applied microscopy, and in particular environmental scanning electron microscopy to the study of both synthetic and biological systems, notably protein aggregation.
Further details of their research can be found in the citation for the Faraday Medal they were awarded by the Institute of Physics in 2010:
Administrative work
Donald was a Fellow of Robinson College, Cambridge from 1981 to 2014, when they became Master of Churchill College. They were a member of the ESPCI ParisTech scientific committee during that time.  They are now an honorary fellow of Robinson College.
From 2009 to 2014, they were a member of the Council of Cambridge University.  They are a member of the Advisory Council of the Campaign for Science and Engineering, and was appointed a Trustee of the Science Museum Group from 2011-16. They have been a member of the Scientific Council of the European Research Council since 2013. They chaired the Scientific Advisory Council of the Department of Culture, Media and Sports from 2015 to 2017.
Donald was the first chair of the Institute of Physics biological physics group from 2006 to 2010, and coordinated the writing of lecture notes in biological physics. From 2006 to 2008 and from 2012 to 2015, they were on the Council of the Royal Society, and from 2010 to 2014 they chaired their education committee. For 2015–16, they were President of the British Science Association.
As Master of Churchill College, in June 2021 Donald was involved in a dispute regarding the College's Working Group on Churchill, Race, and Empire.
Diversity work
Donald has been an outspoken champion of women in science. From 2006 to 2014 they were director of WiSETI, Cambridge University's Women in Science, Engineering and Technology Initiative, and they were the University's first Gender Equality Champion from 2010 to 2014.[23] Outside the University, they chaired the Athena Forum from 2009 to 2013, an organisation which aims to provide a strategic oversight of developments that seek to, or have proven to, advance the career progression and representation of women in science, technology, mathematics, and medicine (STEM) in UK higher education. They sat on the BIS (later BEIS) Diversity group, and serves the Equality and Diversity Board of Sheffield University and the Gender Balance Working Group of the ERC; they are a Patron of the Daphne Jackson Trust. They regularly write on the topic of women in science in both mainstream media, and on their personal blog. They give many talks on this issue.
They were awarded the UKRC's Lifetime Achievement Award in 2011, a Suffrage Science award by the MRC in 2013 and their portrait by Tess Barnes hangs in the Cavendish Laboratory. Donald talks about some of the issues for women in science in this video.
Awards and honours
In 1999 Donald was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society. Them nomination reads:
Donald has also been awarded the following:
1983: Royal Society University Research Fellow (URF)
1989: Boys Prize of the Institute of Physics.
1994: Inducted a Fellow of the American Physical Society
2005: Mott Medal of the Institute of Physics.
2006: Bakerian Lecture of the Royal Society.
2009: L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science award.
2009: Elected member of Academia Europaea.
2010: Appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE) in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
2010: Faraday Medal of the Institute of Physics.
2011: UKRC Women of Outstanding Achievement's Lifetime Achievement Award in 2011.
2012: Honorary Doctorate of Science from the University of East Anglia.
2012: Honorary Doctorate from the University of Exeter.
2013: Honorary Doctorate from the University of Sheffield.
2013: Elected Fellow of the European Academy of Science.
2014: Honorary Doctorate from Swansea University.
2014: Honorary Doctorate from UCL.
2014: Rideal Prize Lecturer of the SCI.
2015: Honorary Doctorate from Heriot Watt University.
2015: Honorary Doctorate from Manchester University.
2015: Honorary Doctorate from Liverpool University.
2016: Bradford Global Achievement Award.
2016: Honorary Doctorate from University of Leeds.
2017: Honorary Doctorate from University of Bath.
2019: Lifetime Achievement Award from THE.
Personal life
Donald has been married to mathematician Matthew J. Donald since 1976; the couple have two children, a son and a daughter.
References
External links
Royal Society profile
Athene Donald. Athene Donald's Blog - Occam's Typewriter
Guardian profile
The Papers of Dame Athene Donald held at Churchill Archives Centre
1953 births
Living people
British women physicists
Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
Fellows of Girton College, Cambridge
Fellows of Robinson College, Cambridge
Fellows of the American Physical Society
Female Fellows of the Royal Society
Place of birth missing (living people)
People educated at Camden School for Girls
Alumni of Girton College, Cambridge
Masters of Churchill College, Cambridge
Fellows of the Royal Society
L'Oréal-UNESCO Awards for Women in Science laureates
21st-century British scientists
Scientists from London
St. Joseph Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Gardner, Massachusetts, United States.
Founded December 6, 1908. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Worcester.
History
The first Polish settler who came to Gardner was Jan Kulczyk. They landed in New York on April 2, 1892, and the next day they traveled to Gardner. Later, other Polish immigrants, including Jan Kijek, Peter Piascik, Paul Cychol, Francis Wiski, and Roman Kulczyk, joined him.
In 1903, members of the Polish settlement in Gardner began to organize associations and interest groups.
The first such organization was the Polish National Alliance which was founded in 1903. A few years later the organization entertained the idea of creating a community of fraternal aid. After many meetings and deliberations, the St. Joseph Society was founded on March 2, 1906.
Since September 11, 1906, the Society began paying its members five U.S. dollars a week to help the sick or handicapped.
On May 5, 1907, a committee made up of Eugene Pliskowski, Stanley Hryniewicz, Roman Kulczyk, and Matthew Kodys bought a parcel of land at 358 Pleasant St.
After obtaining permission from Thomas D. Beaven, bishop of Springfield, to establish the St. Joseph Parish, the Polish settlers in Gardner welcomed Fr. Julius Rodziewicz as the first pastor.
On December 6, 1908, St. Joseph Parish was canonically established, and Fr. Julius Rodziewicz celebrated their first Mass in the Holy Rosary Church.
In 2015 St. Joseph Churches has been closed.
Pastors
Fr. Juliusz Rodziewicz (1908-1912)
Fr. Andrzej Krzywda (1912-1913)
Fr. John Mardyrosiewicz (1913-1914)
Fr. Stanisław Chlapowski (1914-1950)
Fr. Władysław Radzik (1950-1957)
Fr. Henry Banach (1957-1959)
Fr. Józef Niedzwiecki (1959-1978)
Fr. Kazimierz Kurzawski (1978-1991)
Fr. Karol Borowski (1991-1993)
Fr. Franciszek Piechocki (1993-1994)
Fr. Thomas Tokarz (1994-2015)
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
External links
St. Joseph Parish - ParishesOnline.com
St. Joseph Parish - TheCatholicDirectory.com
Diocese of Worcester
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Worcester
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Massachusetts
Buildings and structures in Gardner, Massachusetts
Moussa Kaboré (born 6 July 1982 in Kombissiri, Burkina Faso) is a Burkinabé football striker.
Kaboré was part of the Burkinabé U-17 World Championship team, which finished third place of its group in the first round of competition. In 2000–2001 they played for ASFA Yennenga in the Burkinabé Premier League.
In Germany, the striker played for LR Ahlen, 1. FC Bocholt and TuRU Düsseldorf. In 2006, Kaboré moved to Moroccan sports club Wydad Casablanca and two years later they joined KS Bylis Ballsh in the Albanian Superliga.
External links
1982 births
Living people
Burkinabé footballers
Burkinabé expatriate footballers
1. FC Bocholt players
ASFA Yennenga players
Santos FC Ouagadougou footballers
People from Centre-Sud Region
Association football forwards
21st-century Burkinabé people
Count Alexander Konstantin Albrecht von Mensdorff-Pouilly, 1st Prince von Dietrichstein zu Nikolsburg (; 4 August 1813 in Coburg – 14 February 1871) was an Austrian general, diplomat and politician, including two years as Minister of Foreign Affairs (1864–66) and one month's service as Minister-President of Austria. They were a cousin of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Life and career
They were born as a son of Princess Sophie of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld and Count Emmanuel von Mensdorff-Pouilly, a member of the House of Mensdorff-Pouilly. They entered the Austrian army in 1829, and they were promoted to captain in 1836 and major in 1844. In 1848–49, they fought in the First Italian War of Independence and against the Hungarian Revolution of 1848. In 1849, they were promoted to colonel and the following year to major general.
In 1851, Mensdorff-Pouilly was appointed as the Austrian commissioner to Schleswig-Holstein. In 1852, they became the Austrian ambassador to Russia. They were promoted to Feldmarschallleutnant in 1858. During the Polish Uprising of 1863, they served as the governor of Austrian Galicia.
Foreign Minister
Mensdorff-Pouilly was appointed as Foreign Minister of the Austrian Empire on 27 October 1864. Mensdorff-Pouilly's policies during their tenure as Foreign Minister for Emperor Franz Joseph were often largely a continuation of the conservative traditionalism of Count Johann von Rechberg und Rothenlöwen, their predecessor.
Mensdorff-Pouilly, like Rechberg, sought to maintain conservative dominance of the German Confederation through an alliance between Austria and Prussia (in which Prussia was the junior partner), and they steadfastly refused to consider British suggestions that Austria surrender Venetia to Italy.
After Austria's defeat in the Austro-Prussian War of 1866, Mensdorff-Pouilly resigned their functions in November of that year. After their resignation, they were appointed commanding general in Zagreb and Prague.
Family
They married Alexandrine "Aline" von Dietrichstein-Proskau-Leslie (1824–1906), daughter of Joseph, 9th Prince von Dietrichstein (1798–1858), with whom they had children:
Marie Gabriele von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein (1858–1889)
Hugo, 2nd Prince von Dietrichstein zu Nikolsburg (1858–1920), married Princess Olga Alexandrovna Dolgorukova (1873 - 1946) in 1892
Count Albert von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein
Clotilde von Mensdorff-Pouilly-Dietrichstein, married Count Albert Apponyi in 1897
References
1813 births
1871 deaths
19th-century Ministers-President of Austria
19th-century Czech people
Austro-Hungarian politicians
Austrian Empire politicians
Foreign ministers of Austria
Ministers-President of Austria
Counts of Germany
Counts of Austria
Alexander
Austrian people of German descent
Bohemian nobility
People from Coburg
Politicians from Prague
Alexander
Governors of the Kingdom of Galicia and Lodomeria
Knights Cross of the Military Order of Maria Theresa
Grand Crosses of the Order of Saint Stephen of Hungary
Grand Crosses of the Order of the Dannebrog
Radhika Tamang is a Nepalese politician and deputy speaker of Provincial Assembly of Bagmati Province. They were elected from Nuwakot 1 (constituency) in May 2018.
References
Living people
Nepalese politicians
Members of the Provincial Assembly of Bagmati Province
Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist Centre) politicians
Tamang people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The 1981 Memphis State Tigers football team represented Memphis State University (now known as the University of Memphis) as an independent during the 1981 NCAA Division I-A football season. In its first season under head coach Rex Dockery, the team compiled a 1–10 record and was outscored by a total of 209 to 82. The team played its home games at Liberty Bowl Memorial Stadium in Memphis, Tennessee.
The team's statistical leaders included Tom Smith with 466 passing yards, Tony Wiley with 497 rushing yards, Jerry Knowlton with 244 receiving yards, and Greg Hauss with 23 points scored.
Schedule
References
Memphis State
Memphis Tigers football seasons
Memphis State Tigers football
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Posadas () is a Catholic diocese located in the city of Posadas, Misiones in the Ecclesiastical province of Corrientes in Argentina.
History
On 11 February 1957, Pope Pius XII established the Diocese of Posadas from the Diocese of Corrientes. It lost territory in 1986 when the Diocese of Puerto Iguazú was established and again in 2009 when the Diocese of Puerto Oberá was established.
Bishops
Ordinaries
Jorge Kémérer S.V.D. (1957–1986)
Carmelo Juan Giaquinta (1986–1993), appointed Archbishop of Resistencia
Alfonso Delgado Evers (1994–2000), appointed Archbishop of San Juan de Cuyo
Juan Rubén Martinez (2000– )
Other priest of this diocese who became bishop
Victor Selvino Arenhart, appointed Bishop of Oberá in 2009
References
Posadas
Posadas
Posadas
Posadas
Posadas, Misiones
The Poland men's national tennis team represents Poland in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Polski Związek Tenisowy.
Poland currently compete in World Group I Play-offs.
Current team (2022)
Kamil Majchrzak
Kacper Zuk
Olaf Pieczkowski
Jan Zielinski
Łukasz Kubot (Doubles player)
History
Poland first played Davis Cup in 1925 (match with Great Britain loss 0–5) and contested in the World Group for the first time in 2016. Its best performance has been reaching the Europe/Africa Zone Group I second round.
2020-2022
2010–2019
2000–2009
1990–1999
1980–1989
1970–1979
1960–1969
1950–1959
1940–1949
1930–1939
1925–1929
Head-to-head record
(+)
3–0
2–1
1–0
3–0
1–0
2–1
6–0
1–0
4–2
1-0
1–0
2–0
3–0
2–0
4–0
1–0
2–0
1–0
3–1
2–1
2–1
5–1
3–2
1–0
2–1
1-0
2–1
1–0
(-)
0–1
0–1
1–4
0–4
0–1
0–2
2–4
0–3
0–1
1–2
1–7
2–3
0–9
1–3
0–1
0–1
1–2
0–1
1–4
1–2
(=)
1–1
1–1
2–2
2–2
1-1
1–1
See also
Davis Cup
Poland Fed Cup team
Poland Hopman Cup team
References
External links
Davis Cup teams
Davis Cup
Davis Cup
Landshut Castle is a castle in the municipality of Utzenstorf of the Canton of Bern in Switzerland. It is a Swiss heritage site of national significance.
History
Under the Kingdom of Burgundy, the county of Uranestorfus was first mentioned in a record from 1009. The county stretched from the Seeland to the Oberaargau. While there may have been an earlier Burgundian castle, Landshut Castle was probably built in the second half of the 12th century for the Dukes of Zähringen. It was the seat of the Lords of Uzansdorf who ruled from 1175 until 1323. Under the Dukes, Landshut Castle was the administrative center of the Amt or township of Utzenstorf. When the Zähringen line died out, the Amt was inherited by the Counts of Kyburg.
Under the Counts of Kyburg, the castle was expanded and renovated in the 12th century. It was first called Landeshuothe in 1253. During the Gümmenenkrieg in 1332, the castle was attacked by troops from Bern and Solothurn and destroyed. It was rebuilt shortly thereafter. At the end of the 14th century, the Kyburgs were forced to pawn the castle and the Amt. It was acquired by Rudolf von Ringoltingen from Bern, who combined several estates into the Amt. In 1479 Ludwig von Diesbach inherited the estate from the Ringoltingen family. However, in 1514 the city of Bern bought the castle and Amt from the Diesbachs. Under Bernese rule, the castle became the center of the bailiwick of Landshut.
In 1624-30 the castle was rebuilt on the old foundations. In 1812 the city of Bern sold the castle and estates to Rudolf Niklaus von Wattenwyl. Over the next three years it was rebuilt into a country estate. The Wattenwyl family held the castle until 1846, when it was sold to the Sinner family. Almost half a century later, the castle was sold again. It passed through several owners until 1925 when the Rütimeyer in Alexandria family bought the estate. They held it until 1958 when it was sold back to the Canton of Bern. In 1988 a foundation acquired the castle, redecorated it to match the style of the 17th century and converted part of it into a museum. Today it is the home of the Schweizer Museum für Wild und Jagd (Swiss museum of Wildlife and Hunting).
See also
List of castles in Switzerland
References
Cultural property of national significance in the canton of Bern
Castles in the Canton of Bern
Choi Jae-Sung (born November 18, 1964) is a South Korean actor. Choi debuted with KBS TV drama series, Diary of a High School Student in 1984. Choi entered stardom through The Tree Blooming with Love and Lee Jang-ho's Baseball Team.
Filmography
*Note; the whole list is referenced.
TV
1987, The Tree Blooming with Love (Sarang-i kkotpineun namu 사랑이 꽃피는 나무)
1991, Eyes of Dawn (Yeomyeong-ui nundongja 여명의 눈동자)
1997, Desire (Yeokmang 욕망)
1998, Gamer (Seungbusa 승부사)
1998, War And Love (Jeonjaeng-gwa sarang 전쟁과 사랑)
2000, Sound of Thunder (Cheondung sori 천둥소리)
2000, Love and Farewell (Sarang-gwa ibyeol 사랑과 이별)
2002, The Dawn of the Empire (Jeguk-ui achim 제국의 아침)
2002, Rustic Period (Yain sidae 야인시대)
2004, Jang Gil-san (Jang Gil-san 장길산)
2004, Immortal Admiral Yi Sun-sin (Bulmyeol-ui I Sun-sin 불멸의 이순신)
2006, Yeon Gaesomun (Yeon Gaesomun 연개소문)
2007, Time Between Dog and Wolf (Gae-wa neukdae-ui sigan 개와 늑대의 시간)
2009, Empress Cheonchu (Cheonchu Taehu 천추태후)
2010, The Great Merchant (Geosang Kim Man-deok 거상 김만덕)
2012, Dream of the Emperor (General Gyebaek)일반계백장군
2017, Revolutionary Love (Byun Kang-soo)
2018, Sunny Again Tomorrow (Park Jin-guk)
2019, Designated Survivor: 60 Days(Lee Gwan-mook)
Awards
1986 25th Grand Bell Awards : New Actor (이장호의 외인구단)
1986 22nd Baeksang Arts Awards : New TV Actor (별을 좇는 야생마, KBS)
1992 28th Baeksang Arts Awards : Best TV Actor (여명의 눈동자, MBC)
2014 KBS Drama Awards : Excellence Award, Actor in a Daily Drama (Single-minded Dandelion)
References
External links
1964 births
Male actors from Seoul
South Korean male film actors
South Korean male television actors
Living people
Best New Actor Paeksang Arts Award (television) winners
Parahughmilleria (meaning "near Hughmilleria") is a genus of eurypterid, an extinct group of aquatic arthropods. Fossils of Parahughmilleria have been discovered in deposits of the Devonian and Silurian age in the United States, Canada, Russia, Germany, Luxembourg and Great Britain, and have been referred to several different species. The first fossils of Parahughmilleria, discovered in the Shawangunk Mountains in 1907, were initially assigned to Eurypterus. It would not be until 54 years later when Parahughmilleria would be described.
Parahughmilleria is classified in the family Adelophthalmidae, the only clade in the superfamily Adelophthalmoidea. This clade was characterised by their small size, their parabolic (approximately U-shaped) carapaces and the presence of epimera (lateral "extensions" of the segment) on the seventh segment, among others. Like its relatives, Parahughmilleria possessed reniform (bean-shaped) eyes and spines on its appendages. The largest species was P. major at 12.5 cm (5 in), making it a small-sized eurypterid, although it has been suggested that it and P. hefteri may represent the same species.
Description
Like other adelophthalmid eurypterids, Parahughmilleria was a small-sized eurypterid. The largest species, P. major, only reached 12.5 cm (5 in), and the smallest species, P. hefteri, measured only 6 cm (2.4 in), although it has been suggested that these species form different ontogenetic stages (different developmental stages of the same animal throughout its life) of each other. If so, the smallest species would be P. maria and P. bellistriata, both at 7 cm (2.8 in).
It had a semicircular carapace (head plate) with reniform compound eyes placed forward, which is its main characteristic. The metastoma (a large plate that is part of the abdomen) had a deep anterior triangular notch. The telson (the posteriormost division of the body) was wide and lanceolate. The preabdomen (body segments 1 to 7) had a lanceolate shape with a big epimera (lateral "extensions" of the segment) on the 7th tergite (dorsal portion of an arthropod segment). The 3rd tergite was the widest segment on the body.
Parahughmilleria differs from other more basal members of Adelophthalmidae in its reduced spinosity (being spinous) on the appendages, that along with other factors like the large spatulae (a long, flat piece in the operculum) associated with the genital operculum (plate-like segment which contains the genital aperture), suggests a closer relationship with Adelophthalmus.
History of research
First discoveries
The first fossil remains of Parahughmilleria were found in the Shawangunk Mountains, New York. John Mason Clarke described and assigned them in 1907 to Eurypterus maria. The carapace of this species was somewhat elongate, regularly rounded and with subparallel (almost parallel) lateral margins with subcentral (near the centre of the carapace) eyes of a crescentic (half moon shaped) form. The segments were wide. A rapid contraction was observed in the postabdomen (segments 8 to 12) reminiscent of the scorpion abdomen, which seems to indicate a nepionic (immature) condition. Similar contraction is present in other immature eurypterids as well. The only known adult eurypterids to possess it are Carcinosoma scorpioides and several species of Eusarcana, in which the tail was heavily specialized. The ocelli (light-sensitive simple eyes) were located in a line that connected the centers of the compound eyes, and were located on a large prominent mound. The abdomen was thin and tapered towards the telson, which was lanceolate. The third and fourth segments were the widest of the preabdomen. Each tergite of the preadomen was arched with a narrow flat strip (the epimera). In this species, the appendages are rare, and only swimming legs have been found in some mature specimens. These were short and protuberant. The eighth segment or paddle was long and elliptical, with a ninth segment forming a terminal claw. In 1961, Erik N. Kjellesvig-Waering reclassified E. maria to the then new genus Parahughmilleria.
In 1950, Kjellesvig-Waering described a new species of Hughmilleria, H. bellistriata. The holotype is the dorsal side of a carapace. In this carapace, the eyes, ocelli and most of its surface with ornamentation are preserved. The prosoma (head) was broad, evenly rounded at the anterior lateral angles and the anterior margin. The lateral and anterior margins were bounded by a thin, rounded and raised rim. The eyes were lateral, reniform (bean-shaped) and intramarginal (occurring within the margin). The ornamentation of the carapace consists of distinct transverse striations along the previous part in front of the eyes. Kjellesvig-Waering noted that this species was different from the other Hughmilleria species. The outline of the carapace, the intramarginal eyes and the small size (7 cm, 2.8 in) did not resemble the other species. As they did with P. maria, they reassigned the species to Parahughmilleria in 1961.
In 1957, L. P. Pirozhnikov described two new species of eurypterids, P. matarakensis and Nanahughmilleria schiraensis, and erroneously assigned them to the genus Rhenopterus. P. matarakensis is represented by well-preserved carapaces. These were semi-oval and were girded by a narrow edge. The trailing edge was slightly concave inward, towards the anterior part. The eyes were large, at 4 mm (0.16 in) long and 2 mm (0.07 in) wide. They were reniform, and rose slightly from the surface of the carapace. At the closest point between both eyes, there were two round ocelli. The fossils were found at the Matarak Formation in Minusinsk, Siberia. P. matarakensis was assigned to its current genus by Kjellesvig-Waering and Willard P. Leutze.
Creation of the genus and additional species
In 1961, Kjellesvig-Waering erected the genus Parahughmilleria (meaning "near Hughmilleria") and assigned P. salteri as the type species. They noticed that Parahughmilleria differed from Hughmilleria in the development of supplementary lobes on the operculum (as in Adelophthalmus) and in the position of the intramarginal eyes, unlike the marginal eyes of Hughmilleria. P. salteri was described based on a holotype and four paratypes. In this species, the prosoma was widely rounded, smooth, nearly semicircular and highly arched, and was surrounded by a narrow and marginal rim. The base formed a straight line. The eyes were small, reniform and placed intramarginally. The ocelli were small and placed almost centrally on the prosoma. The telson was flat, lanceolate and broad at the anterior. An operculum that shows the lobes has been described as the holotype. It comprises two opercular flaps (protruding extensions lateral to the genital appendage) rounded at the corners and separated. They were separated from each other at the midsection and above the median appendage. The specific name of this species honors John William Salter, an English naturalist and paleontologist, and its maximum size was of 8 cm (3.1 in). Kjellesvig-Waering also assigned P. phelpsae to the genus, but this species has since been raised to the genus level under the name Pittsfordipterus.
Later, in 1973, Leif Størmer described two new species, P. major and P. hefteri. Both represent the largest and the smallest species, respectively. P. hefteri is a well-known species that has been found both in Europe and in North America. It had enlarged spines on at least one podomere (leg segment) and a relatively wide swimming leg. Both species had a sharply truncated posterior margin in the metastoma, which only differ by their ratios. P. major had a longer telson with more lateral concave
margins and a broader base, a more slender body and narrower paddles than P. hefteri. Størmer also noticed slight differences in the genital appendage. All these differences can be explained by ontogenetic stages, that is, different developmental stages of the animal throughout its life.
In 2012, the Russian paleontologist Evgeniy S. Shpinev described another species, P. longa, from the Khakassia, Russia. Its specific name, from the Latin longus, refers to the unusual length of its prosoma compared to the other species of the genus, about 17 mm (about 0.67 in) long and 18 mm (0.71 in) wide. The holotype and only known specimen (PIN1220/3) consists of an incomplete prosoma and fragments from a swimming leg. In this species, the prosoma was surrounded by a narrow marginal margin. The posterior margin was slightly convex. The eyes were small and, as in other species, reniform. The swimming leg was of Adelophthalmus-type, with the fifth, sixth, seventh and part of the eighth segment known. The seventh segment was very long and narrow, while the eight segment was irregular along the outer edge. This species is distinguished by having a prosoma narrower and longer than others.
In addition, Markus Poschmann transferred Erieopterus statzi to Parahughmilleria in 2015 based on the proportions of paddle segments which were more related to those of P. hefteri. This species is only known by a single specimen that was originally assigned to Eurypterus, but Kjellesvig-Waering classified it to Erieopterus based on the shape of the prosoma lacking of ornamentation and on the highly serrated paddle. Nine years before Poschmann referred E. statzi to Parahughmilleria, they and O. Erik Tetlie had already suggested this change, which was not done because of the need to study the material.
Classification
Parahughmilleria is classified as part of the family Adelophthalmidae, the only family within the superfamily Adelophthalmoidea. It is the sister group (the closest relative) of Adelophthalmus. Parahughmilleria was classified in the family Hughmilleriidae until the creation of Adelophthalmidae by Victor P. Tollerton, Jr. in 1989.
Parahughmilleria and Adelophthalmus form a "derived group" that differentiate them from the other basal (primitive) adelophthalmids. These eurypterids share a series of characteristics such as enlarged spines on at least one podomere in the appendage V, the presence of epimera in the postabdomen and the long spatulae that has been associated with the genital operculum. This clade and Nanahughmilleria have an almost identical carapace, paddle, eye shapes and eye position. However, Parahughmilleria differs from Adelophthalmus in that the telson is generally shorter or that the cuticular sculpture (ornamentation consisting of small, minute, scales across the back) is much thinner, among other characteristics. Another genus in the family, Bassipterus, was morphologically close to Parahughmilleria based on the shape of the metastoma and telson, as well as the preabdomen and postabdomen, slightly differentiated from each other. Some authors have even considered Bassipterus virginicus, the type and only species, as a synonym of P. bellistriata.
The cladogram below presents the inferred phylogenetic positions of most of the genera included in the three most derived superfamilies of the Eurypterina suborder of eurypterids (Adelophthalmoidea, Pterygotioidea and the waeringopteroids), as inferred by O. Erik Tetlie and Markus Poschmann in 2008, based on the results of a 2008 analysis specifically pertaining to the Adelophthalmoidea and a preceding 2004 analysis.
Paleoecology
Fossils of Parahughmilleria have been found from the Silurian deposits of the Llandovery epoch to the Devonian deposits of the Eifelian epoch in North America, Europe and Siberia. The fossils of Parahughmilleria are often recovered in non-marine deposits such as in environments that were once brackish or estuarine habitats with possible tidal influences and with a marine influence more evident than in the Adelophthalmus-dominated habitats. In habitats where both Parahughmilleria and early species of Adelophthalmus are found, such as in Early Devonian fossil sites in Germany, Parahughmilleria occur in sections that are considerably more marginally marine than those sections inhabited by Adelophthalmus. As Jaekelopterus and other some eurypterids, Parahughmilleria probably wandered in and out of the lagoons.
The argillaceous (composed of clay-like materials) Devonian deposits of Alken, Germany, where fossils of P. heftari and P. major have been found, contains various eurypterids such as Rhenopterus macroturberculatus, Jaekelopterus rhenaniae, Alkenopterus brevitelson and Vinetopterus struvei. Fossils from other organisms have also been found, including the myriapod Eoarthropleura devonica, the chasmataspidids Diploaspis casteri and Heteroaspis novojilovi and the arachnid Alkenia mirabilis. In the Silurian deposits of the Temeside Shale, England, where the type species has been discovered, fossils of several organisms have been found, most of them eurypterids such as Erettopterus gigas, Salteropterus abbreviatus and Nanahughmilleria pygmaea, but also indeterminate species of the osteostracid Hemicyclaspis and the thelodontid Logania. Parahughmilleria fossils have also been discovered in the United States, Russia, Luxembourg, Canada and Scotland.
See also
List of eurypterid genera
Timeline of eurypterid research
References
Adelophthalmoidea
Silurian animals of Europe
Silurian eurypterids
Devonian eurypterids
Eurypterids of North America
Eurypterids of Europe
Eurypterids of Asia
Fossil taxa described in 1961
Simmons Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Washington. The lake has a surface area of and reaches a depth of .
Simmons Lake was named after Michael T. Simmons, a pioneer citizen. A variant name was "Ken Lake".
See also
List of lakes in Washington
References
Lakes of Thurston County, Washington
Lakes of Washington (state)
Ivan L. Wilzig (born January 6, 1956) is an American recording artist and songwriter who is best known for their pop-dance remakes of 1960s and early 1970s peace songs.
They created The Peaceman Foundation, a non-profit organization that battles hatred, violence and post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). In the US alone, they have appeared on various reality television shows, such as Who Wants to be a Superhero?, on Syfy, Epic Castle on the Destination America channel The Fabulous Life of the Hamptons on VH1, Chef Roble & Co. on Bravo, and most recently on Super Heroes in 3D TV on 3Net.
Early life and banking career
Ivan Wilzig was born in 1956 and raised with their two younger siblings, Alan and sister Sherry, in Clifton, New Jersey, where they attended Clifton High School. Wilzig's father Siggi Wilzig (1926–2003) came to the United States as a Holocaust survivor from Germany. Fifty-nine of their relatives were murdered by the Nazis during the Holocaust. Their mother was an art collector Naomi Wilzig (1934-2015). After multiple salesperson positions, Siggi Wilzig ultimately became Chairman, President and CEO of Wilshire Oil Company of Texas, then listed on the NYSE; and Chairman, President and CEO of The Trust Company of New Jersey, then listed on NASDAQ.
Wilzig graduated from the University of Pennsylvania, in 1977, earning a B.A. degree in European intellectual history. They then earned their J.D. degree at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law at Yeshiva University in 1980. Instead of practicing law, they joined their father in running The Trust Company of New Jersey, a full-service commercial bank founded in 1896. Under Wilzig the Trust Company brokered various deals that allowed 50 bank mini-branches to open up in A&P, Pathmark and ShopRite supermarkets, in affluent New Jersey counties.
Music career
Wilzig began voice lessons at the age of 10. In their youth, they attended an Orthodox Hebrew school, and sang in the synagogue choir. Their first professional gigs were singing at Kutsher's Country Club in the Catskill Mountains, and then as a soloist at Town Hall in New York City with the Samuel Sterner Choir. Later, they performed in both high school (Fiddler on the Roof) and college (Bye Bye Birdie) musicals. Their father Siggi discouraged them from continuing in music as a career, wanting their son to have a more secure profession.
In 2001, Ivan Wilzig met recording industry executive Dave Jurman, Senior Director of Dance Music at Columbia Records. Jurman introduced Wilzig to two-time Grammy-Award nominee and record producer Ernie Lake, who produced Ivan's remake of John Lennon's "Imagine" with Ivan performing vocals. Tom Silverman, owner of Tommy Boy Records signed the track and released it on September 4, 2001. "Imagine", sold 10,000 vinyl copies in its first three months and became a Top-40 hit on the Billboard Club Play Chart. It was the first time a Beatles or John Lennon song had been remade as an electronic dance music song.
Their follow-up single, "San Francisco" was signed by label owner Jellybean Benitez, and released on Jellybean Recordings, reaching #7 on the Billboard Singles Sales Chart. Wilzig's third single, "Peace on Earth", was their first original song, and was released by Artemis Records, making the Billboard Charts and reached number #2 on the DMC (Dance Music Community) World Chart in the UK.
Television & film
Reality TV
During the first season of Who Wants to be a Superhero? in 2006, Ivan attempted to audition with the producers as Peaceman, but they were too late to be included. They were encouraged to audition for the next season. Their Peaceman character made the cut for Season Two, but as a precondition, the SyFy channel owned by NBC, was to obtain the trademarks to contestant characters. Ivan refused to give up the trademark to Peaceman, and attempted to create a new character Mitzvah Man, but the name had already been trademarked. Mr. Mitzvah, however, was not trademarked, and they took on the identity of Mr. Mitzvah for the show. They are, however, eliminated after the 3rd episode by Stan Lee.
Other
Ivan has appeared on numerous lifestyle and reality television shows since 2000. They were on the Travel Channel's Manhattan on the Beach in 2000, the WE show Single in the Hamptons in 2002. VH1's Hopelessly Rich (Hopelessly Rich) in 2003, VH1's (The Fabulous Life of the Hamptons). in 2007. In 2012, Wilzig appeared on "The Crazy Hamptons Blowout," Episode 5 of Bravo's Chef Roble and Co., which aired January 1, 2012. Most recently, Sir Ivan made their first 3D TV appeared on 3Net's Super Heroes show, which first aired on February 10, 2013.
They appeared on the German TV channel ProSieben right after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, where they discussed their single, "Imagine". In early 2004, this time as part of the series So lebt ein Milliardaer! Lifestyle of a Billionaire, they appeared as Peaceman next to supermodel Naomi Campbell, DJ Paul Oakenfold and tennis player Venus Williams. In 2006, ProSieben featured them in Die Maedchen und der Milliardaer (The Girls and the Billionaire). In the late 1990s Ivan and Alan Wilzig built a medieval-style castle in Water Mill, in the Hamptons, on Long Island, New York, commonly referred to now as "Sir Ivan's Castle".
Discography
Singles
"Imagine" (2001, Peaceman Music)
"San Francisco (Be Sure to Wear Flowers in Your Hair)" (2004, Peaceman Music)
"Peace on Earth" (2004, Peaceman Music)
"For What It's Worth" Remix (2008, Peaceman Music)
"Kumbaya" (2009, Peaceman Music)
"Hare Krishna" Remix (2010, Peaceman Music)
"Live For Today" (2011, Peaceman Music)
"La La Land" (2012, Peaceman Music)
"Here Comes The Sun" (2014 Peaceman Music)
"Kiss All The Bullies Goodbye" (2015 Peaceman Music)
"Imagine 2016" (2016 Peaceman Music)
"I Am Peaceman" (2017 Peaceman Music)
"Get Together" (The Remixes) (2018, Peaceman Music)
Albums
For What It's Worth (2008, Peaceman Music)
Kumbaya (2009, Peaceman Music)
Hare Krishna (2010, Peaceman Music)
Live For Today (2011, Peaceman Music)
I Am Peaceman (2010, Peaceman Music)
I Am Peaceman (2012, Peaceman Music/ Worldwide Records) - India
Here Comes The Sun (2013, Peaceman Music)
Kiss All The Bullies Goodybye (2015 Peaceman Music)
Peaceman Shines 2016 (2016 Peaceman Music)
References
Further reading
Rich Dude's Bellybutton Flips Inside Out and Nearly Kills
External links
1956 births
Living people
American bankers
American lawyers
American techno musicians
American people of German-Jewish descent
Clifton High School (New Jersey) alumni
Participants in American reality television series
People from Clifton, New Jersey
University of Pennsylvania School of Arts and Sciences alumni
Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law alumni
The Pilatus SB-1 was a single-engined twin-propeller utility transport development project of Pilatus Flugzeugwerke AG from Switzerland, during World War II, (SB - Schweizer Bergflugzeug - Swiss mountain aircraft).
Design and development
The SB-1 was intended as a pure experimental aircraft, designed with a mid-wing monoplane with accommodation for pilot and observer side by side in the cockpit and two passengers in a cabin directly behind the cockpit. The fuselage was to have built-up from welded steel tube covered with light-alloy and fabric. The aircraft would have been powered by a single Argus As 10E / Argus As 410 air-cooled V-8 engine, located at the center of gravity, in the fuselage, below the wing centre-section. The engine drove two-bladed propellers, driven by V-belts and idlers, mounted on the wing leading-edges either side of the fuselage, reducing drag and imbuing favorable low-speed flight characteristics due to the air flow of the propellers acting directly on the leading edge of the wing. The SB-1 was designed with a fixed tail-wheel undercarriage and also had a twin-fin tail unit. A study was also made of two engines mounted in the fuselage, each driving a separate propeller. Development of this project was abandoned before metal was cut.
Pilatus "SB" projects
SB-1 Intended as a pure experimental aircraft, commercial use was not planned.
SB-2 Pelican The only SB project to be built and flown.
SB-5 An enlargement of the SB-2, abandoned before construction began.
(Nothing is known about possible SB-3 or SB-4 designs).
Specifications (SB-1)
References
Further reading
1940s Swiss civil utility aircraft
The Rural Municipality of Scott No. 98 (2016 population: ) is a rural municipality (RM) in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within Census Division No. 2 and Division No. 2. It is located in the southeast portion of the province.
History
The RM of Scott No. 98 incorporated as a rural municipality on December 13, 1909.
Geography
Communities and localities
The following urban municipalities are surrounded by the RM.
Villages
Yellow Grass
Lang
The following unincorporated communities are within the RM.
Localities
Lewvan
Ibsen
Demographics
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, the RM of Scott No. 98 had a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change of from its 2016 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2021.
In the 2016 Census of Population, the RM of Scott No. 98 recorded a population of living in of its total private dwellings, a change from its 2011 population of . With a land area of , it had a population density of in 2016.
Economy
Agriculture is the major industry in the RM.
Government
The RM of Scott No. 98 is governed by an elected municipal council and an appointed administrator that meets on the second Tuesday of every month. The reeve of the RM is Ryley Richards while its administrator is Shelly Verbeurgt. The RM's office is located in Yellow Grass.
Transportation
The Lewvan (Farr Air) Airport is within the rural municipality.
References
Scott
Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
Qadriddin Aslonov (), also spelled Kadriddin Aslonov (29 May 1947 in Rasht District, Tajik SSR (now Tajikistan) – November 1992) was acting President of Tajikistan from 31 August to 23 September 1991.
When their predecessor Qahhor Mahkamov resigned as the President of Tajikistan, Aslonov was elected their temporary successor in the capacity as Chairman of the Supreme Soviet. One of Aslonov's first actions as leader was to sign an edict calling for the cessation of all activities of the Communist Party on the territory of Tajikistan and the nationalization of the party's property. The Congress of the Communist Party of Tajikistan subsequently convened in the second half of September 1991 to announce the dissolution of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. They also signed a decree which established 9 September as Independence Day. On September 20, 1991, Aslonov resigned from the Tajik Communist Party as well as from its Politburo. On September 23, conservative forces in the Tajik government ousted Aslonov. First Party Secretary Rahmon Nabiyev was installed as president, and a state of emergency was declared the same day. A year later, during the initial stages of the civil war that engulfed the country after the collapse of the Soviet Union, Aslonov was reported missing in November 1992. According to a source, they were killed by militants of the pro-government Popular Front.
References
Presidents of Tajikistan
Heads of state of Tajikistan
Communist Party of Tajikistan politicians
People from Districts of Republican Subordination
1947 births
1992 deaths
Assassinated Tajikistani politicians
People murdered in Tajikistan
Stereotypes of Arabs and Muslims in the United States have been presented in various forms by the mass media in the American culture. Stereotypical representations of Arabs are often manifested in a society's media, literature, theater and other creative expressions. These representations, which have been historically and predominantly negative, have adverse repercussions for Arab Americans and Muslims in daily interactions and in current events. In American textbooks, which theoretically should be less-creative expressions, similar negative and inaccurate stereotypes are also found for Arabs and Muslims.
“Billionaires, bombers, and belly dancers”
A report titled "100 Years of Anti-Arab and Anti-Muslim stereotyping" by Mazin B. Qumsiyeh, director of media relations for the American Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, specifies what some in the Arab American community call "the three B syndrome": "Arabs in TV and movies are portrayed as either bombers, belly dancers, or billionaires" in reference to Arab men being portrayed either as terrorists or as wealthy oilmen, and Arab women being portrayed as sex objects. Also the report mentioned that even cartoons have been insulting to Arab and Muslims and how the people who live in the US and interact with its community are the most affected by these stereotypes because they will be treated differently at many points. The report also explains that these stereotypes don't only cause psychological harm (culture, insult) but also helps feed into actions that are physically harmful by dehumanizing a group first before attacking it. According to Mazin B. Qumsiyeh:Thomas Edison made a short film in 1897 for their patented Kinetoscope in which "Arab" women with enticing clothes dance to seduce a male audience. The short clip was called Fatima Dances (Belly dancer stereotype). The trend has shifted over the years and was dominated by the "billionaires" for a short while especially during the oil crises in the seventies. However, in the last 30 years, the predominant stereotype by far has been the "Arab bombers."In a piece in the Los Angeles Times published July 28, 1997, Laila Lalami offers a 12-step guide to making a successful Arab-bashing movie, including such items as "the villains must all have beards", "they must all wear keffiehs", "they must all have names like Ali, Abdul or Mustapha" and "have them threaten to blow something up."
After the September 11th terrorist attacks, Arab-American actors have found themselves even more likely to be type-cast as a terrorist.
Jack Shaheen, Professor Emeritus of Mass Communications at Southern Illinois University, documented these trends in their book The TV Arab (), which identifies more than 21 major movies released over ten years which show the U.S. military killing Arabs with Arabs depicted as being terrorists or enemies of the United States. These include:
Iron Eagle (1986)
Navy SEALs (1990)
Patriot Games (1992)
Executive Decision (1996)
In Reel Bad Arabs (), Shaheen writes that "television's image of the Arab is omnipresent [and] is becoming a part of American folklore." They also write that Arabs have "consistently appeared in American popular culture as billionaires, bombers, and belly dancers."
Arab Muslims are fanatics who believe in a different god, who don't value human life as much as we do, they are intent on destroying us (the west) with their oil or with their terrorism; the men seek to abduct and brutally seduce our women; they are without family and reside in a primitive place (the desert) and behave like primitive beings. The women are subservient — resembling black crows — or we see them portrayed as mute, somewhat exotic harem maidens.
The movies which Shaheen identifies as the five worst in terms of negative portrayal of Arabs in modern films are:
Rules of Engagement (2000); "a film which "justifies" US Marines killing Arab women and children."
The Delta Force (1986)
Death Before Dishonor (1987)
True Lies (1994); "Arnold S. INC." shoots dead Palestinians like clay pigeons. "
Wanted: Dead or Alive (1987); "Arab thugs... plan to ignite Los Angeles... killing millions."
The problem of these stereotypes is the main focus of the semi-autobiographical film Driving to Zigzigland, where the actor/taxi driver Bashar Daas finds themselves being invariably typecast as an Arab Muslim extremist in US film auditions.
Another stereotypical character is Achmed The Dead Terrorist by Jeff Dunham which has been named mockingly on the prophet of Islam's second name Ahmad. However there has been no action or reaction from the American public and human rights or any religious group against this and other stereotypical characters in this show till date.
Airport racial profiling after 9/11
In the aftermath of the September 11 attacks in which 15 of the 19 hijackers were of Saudi Arabian origin and all were of Muslim faith, Arabs and Muslims complained of increased scrutiny and racial profiling at airports. In a poll conducted by the Boston Globe, 71 percent of Blacks and 57 percent of Whites believed that "Arabs and Arab-Americans should undergo special, more intensive security checks before boarding airplanes." Some Muslims and Arabs have complained of being held without explanation and subjected to hours of questioning and arrest without cause. Such cases have led to lawsuits being filed by the American Civil Liberties Union. Fox News radio host Mike Gallagher suggested that airports have a "Muslims Only" line in the wake of the 9/11 attacks stating "It's time to have a Muslims check-point line in America's airports and have Muslims be scrutinized. You better believe it, it's time." In Queens, New York, Muslims and Arabs have complained that the NYPD is unfairly targeting Muslim communities in raids tied to the alleged Zazi terror plot.
See also
Anti-Arabism
Reel Bad Arabs
Ethnic stereotype
Flying while Muslim
Islamophobia in the United States
Orientalism
Orientalism, a 1978 book by Edward Said
Racial profiling
Stereotype threat
Stereotypes of groups within the United States
References
Further reading
Presumed Guilty: American Muslim and Arabs Presumed Guilty: American Muslims and Arabs on Making Contact
External links
Arabs in Film and Television: A Bibliography via UC Berkeley library
Images of Arabs and the Middle East videography of films on video and DVD in the UC Berkeley Media Resources Center
Anti-Arabism in North America
Ethnic and racial stereotypes in the United States
Islamophobia in the United States
Islam-related controversies
Stereotypes of Arab people
The men's 1500 metres event at the 1994 Commonwealth Games was held on 26, 27 and 28 August at the Centennial Stadium in Victoria, British Columbia.
Medalists
Results
Heats
Semifinals
Final
References
1500
1994
Walter Fielder (6 March 1899 – 7 January 1968) was an English cricketer. They were a right-handed batsman who played for Hampshire. They were born in Fareham, Hampshire and died in Sarisbury Green.
Fielder made a single first-class appearance, during the 1923 County Championship, against Leicestershire. As a tailender, they scored 2 not out in the only innings in which they batted, as well as bowling seven overs at 0-26.
External links
Walter Fielder at Cricket Archive
1899 births
1968 deaths
English cricketers
Hampshire cricketers
People from Fareham
John Hollingworth (born 21 August 1981) is an English actor from Keighley, Bradford, West Yorkshire.
Early life and education
Hollingworth was raised in Oxenhope, Keighley, Bradford, by their mother Jane. They studied at Bradford Grammar School, Trinity College, Dublin and University of California, Los Angeles. While at Bradford Grammar School they played rugby for Yorkshire Schoolboys, and played in the same team as future England and British and Irish Lions international Charlie Hodgson, before injury forced Hollingworth to hang up their boots and become an actor. They trained as an actor at RADA.
Radio roles
Hollingworth was runner-up in the BBC SoundStart Carleton Hobbs Bursary Award in 2008.
They appeared with Damian Lewis in series four and five of the BBC Radio 4 drama series Number 10. Other work for Radio 4 includes the comedies Deadheading and Modesty Blaise, both of which have 5 episodes each. They have often played multiple characters in the same production.
Stage roles
Hollingworth has worked extensively on stage, which include leading roles in Making Noise Quietly, Our Country's Good, An Intervention and Earthquakes in London.
In February and March 2011, they starred opposite Maxine Peake in The Deep Blue Sea at the West Yorkshire Playhouse.
They had roles National Youth Theatre productions of The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby, The Threepenny Opera and The Master and Margarita opposite Matt Smith.
Some of their other theatre credits include Women, Power and Politics at the Tricycle theatre, For King and Country at the Theatre Royal, Plymouth, The Playboy of the Western World at the Nuffield Theatre (Southampton), Ignition 2 at the Royal Court Upstairs, The Power of Yes at the National Theatre, Design for Living at the Old Vic and Observe the Sons of Ulster Marching Towards the Somme at the Hampstead Theatre.
Their portrayal of Nick Clegg at the Tricycle Theatre caught the attention of fellow Keighley born Alastair Campbell.
Film roles
Hollingworth appeared in the 2009 film Dorian Gray.
In 2010 they appeared in Pelican Blood and "Godard and Others".
In 2011 they appeared in The Burma Conspiracy.
In 2012 they appeared in The Dark Knight Rises.
In 2016 they appeared in The Legend of Tarzan.
In 2017 they played Tristan in Transformers: The Last Knight.
In 2018 they voiced Ryszard Kapuściński in the animated war film Another Day of Life, which is based on Ryszard's memoir of the same name. They also played Bruce Hamil Lt in Kursk alongside Colin Firth.
In 2019 they played Sergeant Guthrie in 1917.
Television roles
Hollingworth played Robert in the 2009 ITV miniseries Wuthering Heights, alongside Tom Hardy and Charlotte Riley. They also briefly appeared in the Casualty spin-off Casualty 1909, and Being Human with their future co-star Aidan Turner.
In 2011 they played Max Furst in the BBC TV film The Man Who Crossed Hitler. They also appeared in the Channel 4 TV film London's Burning, and the BBC series Twenty Twelve.
In 2012 they played Alastair in the second series of The Hour.
In 2013 they appeared in the ITV shows Endeavour and Breathless.
In 2014 they played Francesco Sassetti in the second series of Da Vinci's Demons. They also played Lawrence Baxendale in Crossing Lines, and Lieutenant Cohen in Our World War.
In 2015 they played Dr Butter in the 3 part ITV series Arthur & George They played Peterson in the BBC sitcom Top Coppers. They guest starred as Teabag in Josh Widdicombe's sitcom Josh. They played regular character Captain Henshawe in the BBC adaptation of Poldark between 2015 and 2017.
In 2016 they played Dr John Maling in the ITV period drama Dark Angel. They also played Brin Dunne in series 18, of the ITV series Midsomer Murders, in the episode titled "A Dying Art". They played Detective Wallace in the BBC docudrama film Damilola, Our Loved Boy.
In 2017 they started their regular role as Professor Sam Bradman, in the ITV series Doc Martin.
In 2019, they played Mr Abbott in the BBC and HBO co-production Gentleman Jack, Lord Porchester in the Netflix series The Crown, and PC Shawn Turnley in the ITV detective drama Vera.
In 2020, Hollingworth appeared in the Netflix miniseries The Queen's Gambit.
Other work
Hollingworth plays the band manager in the music video for The Futureheads' single "Walking Backwards". An award-winning student journalist, they have written occasional pieces about acting. Their short plays have been performed in London at the Arcola, Soho Theatre and Tristan Bates Theatre. Their first full-length play Multitudes which is set in the City of Bradford, was performed at the Tricycle Theatre in February 2015, directed by artistic director Indhu Rubasingham. In 2018, Hollingworth wrote "Songs for the Seven Hills" for Sheffield Theatres for their community company The Sheffield People's Theatre.
References
External links
British male actors
Male actors from Bradford
People from Keighley
Living people
Alumni of the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art
British dramatists and playwrights
1981 births
Cass County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2010 United States Census, its population was 38,966. The county seat is Logansport.
Cass County comprises the Logansport, IN Micropolitan Statistical Area.
History
Cass County was formed in 1828. It is named for Gen. Lewis Cass, 2nd Territorial Governor of Michigan and later U.S. Secretary of War under President Andrew Jackson.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of of which (or 99.35%) is land and (or 0.65%) is water. The Wabash River flows westward through the county, and is joined by the Eel River in Logansport.
Adjacent counties
Fulton County - north
Miami County - east
Howard County - south
Carroll County - southwest
White County - west
Pulaski County - northwest
City
Logansport
Towns
Galveston
Onward
Royal Center
Walton
Census-designated place
Grissom AFB (mostly in Miami Co.)
Unincorporated places
Adamsboro
Anoka
Clymers
Deacon
Dunkirk
Georgetown
Hoover
Kenneth
Lake Cicott
Lewisburg
Lincoln
Lucerne
Metea
Miami Bend
Mount Pleasant
New Waverly
Potawatomi Point
Twelve Mile
Young America
Extinct towns
Circleville
Taberville (absorbed into Logansport)
Taberville (Actually OP Taberville platted in 1853, located on the south side of Logansport)
Townships
Adams
Bethlehem
Boone
Clay
Clinton
Deer Creek
Eel
Harrison
Jackson
Jefferson
Miami
Noble
Tipton
Washington
Major highways
U.S. Route 24
U.S. Route 35
Indiana State Road 16
Indiana State Road 17
Indiana State Road 18
Indiana State Road 25
Indiana State Road 29
Indiana State Road 218
Railroads
Norfolk Southern Railway
Winamac Southern Railroad
Logansport and Eel River Shortline Company
Toledo, Peoria and Western Railway
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in Logansport have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1985 and a record high of was recorded in June 1988. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The legislative branch of the county government; controls spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected to four-year terms from county districts. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county; commissioners are elected county-wide to staggered four-year terms. One commissioner serves as president. The commissioners execute acts legislated by the council, collect revenue, and manage the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to four-year terms, and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. They are elected to four-year terms. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county.
Most of Cass County is in Indiana's 4th congressional district; the extreme eastern edge is part of Indiana's 2nd congressional district. It is also part of Indiana Senate district 18 and Indiana House of Representatives districts 16 and 24.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 38,966 people, 14,858 households, and 10,144 families in the county. The population density was . There were 16,474 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 88.2% white, 1.5% black or African American, 1.1% Asian, 0.5% American Indian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 7.0% from other races, and 1.6% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 12.6% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 24.0% were German, 15.0% were American, 11.8% were Irish, and 9.0% were English.
Of the 14,858 households, 33.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 51.8% were married couples living together, 11.3% had a female householder with no husband present, 31.7% were non-families, and 27.3% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.55 and the average family size was 3.08. The median age was 38.7 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $49,873. Males had a median income of $37,823 versus $26,938 for females. The per capita income for the county was $20,562. About 9.8% of families and 14.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 18.7% of those under age 18 and 8.0% of those age 65 or over.
Notable people
Rollie Zeider (1883–1967), major league baseball player (1910–1918); born in Hoover.
Film actor Greg Kinnear was born in Logansport.
Cpl. Humberto Sanchez (1998-2021) a U.S. Marine who was among the 13 service members killed in the 2021 Bombing of the Kabul Hamid Karzai International Airport.
Education
Public schools in Cass County are administered by the Logansport Community School Corporation, the Pioneer Regional School Corporation and the Southeastern School Corporation.
High Schools and Middle Schools
6th Grade Academy
Lewis Cass High School
Logansport Junior High School
Logansport High School
Pioneer Junior – Senior High School
Elementary Schools
Columbia Elementary School
Fairview Elementary School
Franklin Elementary School
Galveston Elementary School
Landis Elementary School
Pioneer Elementary School
Thompson Elementary School
See also
List of public art in Cass County, Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Cass County, Indiana
Further reading
Powell, Jehu Z. History of Cass County Indiana: From its earliest settlement to the present time : with biographical sketches and reference to biographies previously compiled, Volume 1. Lewis Publishing Company (1913).
References
External links
Indiana counties
1829 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1829
Lester Machta (February 17, 1919 – August 31, 2001) was an American meteorologist, the first director of the Air Resources Laboratory (ARL) of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
Life
Lester Machta was born in Brooklyn, New York, the son of Jewish immigrants from Russia. They attended City College and Brooklyn College, graduating in 1939. After a year of graduate study Machta entered military service as a meteorology instructor training pilots for the Army and Army Air Corps. They received an M.A. in meteorology from New York University in 1946 and a Sc.D. in meteorology from M.I.T. in 1948. They married Phyllis Margaretten in 1948; they had two children.
Career
In 1948 Harry Wexler hired Machta to join the United States Weather Bureau as Chief of the Special Projects Section, which later became the Air Resources Laboratory. The Special Projects Section was created to study the atmospheric effects of nuclear weapons tests. Even before the Soviet Union developed its first atomic bomb, the US made preparations to detect and analyze nuclear testing, and when the first Soviet bomb was detonated in 1949 there was a concerted effort to determine its yield, location, and the subsequent transport of radioactive materials. Under Machta's direction, the Special Projects Section assisted in weapons testing at the Nevada and Bikini test sites by providing predictions of near-term downwind nuclear fallout from the explosions.
Machta also studied the long-term fallout resulting from radioactive materials injected into the stratosphere by nuclear testing. They realized that radioactive materials in the atmosphere could also serve as useful tracers to understand atmospheric circulation. The Atomic Energy Commission initially minimized the risk from long-term fallout using a simple model developed by Willard Libby that presumed fallout would be well-mixed in the stratosphere, would reach the ground over a period of 10 years, and be uniformly distributed over the surface of the Earth. Machta used the more realistic Brewer-Dobson model of atmospheric circulation, showing that radioactive fallout would reach the ground sooner and be concentrated in the populated mid-latitudes, and thus produce much greater health risks. They presented these conclusions in Congressional testimony, contributing significantly to the scientific rationale for ending above-ground nuclear testing. Machta participated in the 1958 Experts' Conference in Geneva that lead to the 1963 Partial Nuclear Test Ban Treaty.
Machta's concerns extended to other pollutants in the atmosphere including acid rain, ozone, and most significantly, greenhouse gases. They played a central role in establishing and, from 1971 to 1989, supervising the Geophysical Monitoring for Climatic Change program (now in the NOAA Climate Monitoring and Diagnostics Laboratory). The GMCC program incorporated the already existing Mauna Loa and South Pole Observatories operated by Charles David Keeling, whose long-term measurements of atmospheric carbon dioxide would eventually be recognized as essential for the study of global warming
Machta meanwhile became an expert on stratospheric ozone, publishing numerous scientific papers on the subject while overseeing the United States network of Dobson ozone spectrophotometers. They served as a member of the International Ozone Commission from 1964 to 1971. At a conference in 1972, Machta alerted F. Sherwood Rowland to James Lovelock's measurements showing that chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) are present in the stratosphere, sparking the research that led to the discovery that CFCs deplete the ozone layer.
Machta also worked on the transport of acid rain and other pollution through the atmosphere. They were the U.S. co-chair of the International Air Quality Advisory Board of the International Joint Commission which studies air pollution that affects both the United States and Canada.
Later life
After their official retirement as its director in 1989, Machta continued to do research at the Air Resources Laboratory until shortly before their death from leukemia on August 31, 2001 at the Georgetown University Hospital.
Honors
Department of Commerce Medal for Exceptional Service (1957,1985)
Fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (1980)
Fellow of the American Geophysical Union (1984)
Fellow of the American Meteorological Society
The Cleveland Abbe Award for Distinguished Service to Atmospheric Sciences (1974)
NOAA Administrator's Award (1995)
References
American Meteorological Society people
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration personnel
1919 births
2001 deaths
American people of Russian-Jewish descent
People from Brooklyn
City College of New York alumni
Scientists from New York City
Brooklyn College alumni
New York University alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology School of Science alumni
Fellows of the American Meteorological Society
Fellows of the American Geophysical Union
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Deaths from cancer in Washington, D.C.
Deaths from leukemia
American meteorologists
The Safe Environment Fund was a Church of Scientology organization that raised funds for the defense of the Scientology executives indicted (and ultimately convicted) for their role in a criminal conspiracy against the United States Government and numerous other public and private organizations and individuals. The term "safe environment" was used by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard to refer to their conception of Scientology's organizations as a bulwark against what they described as "the dangerous environment of the wog [non-Scientology] world, of injustice, sudden dismissals, war, atomic bombs" which would "only persist and trouble us if we fail to spread our safe environment around the world."
History
According to a petition submitted to the United States District Court for the District of Columbia in May 1980, the Safe Environment Fund had "undertaken the responsibility of contributing toward the defendant's legal expenses in this case. The Safe Environment Fund is a charitable organization, associated with the Church of Scientology, and the monies needed for the defendant's legal defense have to be raised by public contributions and donations." The petition requested permission for Jane Kember and Mo Budlong, two executives of the Church's Guardian's Office who had been extradited from England to face trial in the United States, to appear at fund-raising events "to be held in various places in the United States". The petition was opposed by the government, which described the Safe Environment Fund as "an integral arm of the Church of Scientology created for the sole purpose of paying for the legal fees of the defendants, thus hiding the fact that the church was paying for these expenses."
The Safe Environment Fund was later described by former Guardian's Office staff member Janie Peterson, who had worked in the Las Vegas Guardian Office until 1979. Testifying at the City of Clearwater Commission Hearing on the Church of Scientology on May 8, 1982, they reported that the Church told its members that the indictment of Scientology executives "was a big conspiracy by the government, that these — that was the reason these people were indicted, and that these people had, at no time, ever done anything wrong or not legal, that the government had no information that was correct. We were not told that they were, indeed, guilty of the crimes or that they even later pleaded guilty to the crimes." It was said to have raised "many, many thousands of dollars", though Church members involved in fund-raising were instructed "to tell any public official, the press, or anyone that we did not operate the Safe Environment Fund while we were on what's called Post Time; in other words, we were to say that it was totally separate, it was something we were doing on our time. We were not allowed to say that, in fact, it was a big part of our job." The Safe Environment Fund raised money from Scientologists through "rallies and meetings and that type of thing and [they would] talk about the indictees and how much money it was costing. And then the people were to give donations."
Another fund-raising route was described by L. Ron Hubbard's former biographical researcher, Gerry Armstrong, during their defense in the 1984 case Church of Scientology v. Gerald Armstrong. After reading that Hubbard was responsible for writing the screenplay for the 1941 movie Dive Bomber, one of the Safe Environment Fund personnel came up with the idea of holding screenings of the film to raise money for the fund. Armstrong double-checked the provenance of the film to ensure that the fund's attribution of its authorship to Hubbard was accurate and found – despite Hubbard's claims to the contrary – that two other screenwriters were credited with the film. By this time, however, the fund had already put up posters and "glossy promotional items [in which] L. Ron Hubbard was noted as the man behind the scenes", and people had paid money to view the film.
See also
Operation Snow White
Office of Special Affairs
List of Guardian's Office operations
References
Further reading
UNITED STATES v. KEMBER, 487 F. Supp. 1340 (DDC 05/7/1980), U.S. District Courts - May 7, 1980
Scientology organizations
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Kohima () is a diocese headquartered in the city of Kohima, Nagaland, in the ecclesiastical province of Imphal in India. Its territory includes the entire state of Nagaland.
History
29 January 1973: Established as Diocese of Kohima–Imphal from the Diocese of Dibrugarh
28 March 1980: Erected as Diocese of Kohima through the division of the Diocese of Kohima–Imphal
Leadership
Bishops of Kohima (Latin Rite)
Bishop James Thoppil (16 June 2011 – present)
Bishop Jose Mukala (24 October 1997 – 30 October 2009)
Bishop Abraham Alangimattathil, S.D.B. (28 March 1980 – 11 July 1996)
Bishops of Kohima–Imphal (Latin Rite)
Bishop Abraham Alangimattathil, S.D.B. (29 January 1973 – 28 March 1980)
References
External links
GCatholic.org
Catholic Hierarchy
Roman Catholic dioceses in India
Christian organizations established in 1973
Roman Catholic dioceses and prelatures established in the 20th century
Christianity in Nagaland
1973 establishments in Nagaland
Kohima
Joanna Rakoff (born May 8, 1972) is an American novelist and memoirist.
Early life
Rakoff was born in Nyack, New York in 1972.
Education
Between 1990 and 1994, Rakoff studied English literature at Oberlin College in Ohio. Between 1994 and 1995, they completed an MA in English literature at UCL in London. In 1996 and 1997, they did a year of Ph.D. coursework in English literature at CUNY Graduate from Center, before dropping out to study writing at Columbia University, where they completed their MFA in 1998.
Life and career
In 1996, aged 23, Rakoff took a job at one of New York's oldest literary agencies, Harold Ober Associates. Unbeknownst to Rakoff, the agency looked after the interests of the notoriously reclusive writer J. D. Salinger. In their time at the agency Rakoff's responsibilities included responding to the large volume of fan mail that Salinger received. Rakoff was instructed to respond with a generic response that explained that Salinger did not read fan mail. But they found themselves moved by the letters and began writing personal responses to their letters. Them period at the agency coincided with Salinger's aborted publication of the short story "Hapworth 16, 1924". Rakoff's experiences with the agency and their encounters with Salinger themselves would later be recounted in their memoir of their time at the literary agency, My Salinger Year (2014).
Rakoff's first novel A Fortunate Age was published in 2009. It received largely positive reviews and was included on many Best of 2009 lists, including NPR, Elle and Booklist, and was awarded the Goldberg Prize for Jewish Fiction by Emerging Writers, an award previously won by Gary Shteyngart, Nathan Englander, and Laura Vapnyar. The novel was a San Francisco Chronicle Best Seller and was published in France by Presses de la Cité.
In 2010, Rakoff created a radio documentary about Salinger and their fan mail for BBC Radio 4, entitled Hey Mr Salinger. Before the documentary aired, the script was circulated in the British publishing industry; an editor read it and got in contact with Rakoff, encouraging them to expand the script into a memoir about their time working for the agency. This memoir became Rakoff's second book; entitled My Salinger Year, it was published in 2014 to broad critical acclaim. It was picked by The Guardian'''s Rachel Cooke as one of the best books of 2014. The memoir has been published in France, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Brazil, Argentina, Italy, India, Australia, and the UK. In France, it was a finalist for the Elle Prix de Lectrices. In the Netherlands, it was a finalist for the WIZO Prize.
The book was turned into a 2020 Canadian film of the same name starring Margaret Qualley as Rakoff and Sigourney Weaver as their boss, directed by Philippe Falardeau. It opened the 70th Berlin International Film Festival. The film had its first theatrical release in Australia in January 2021. In March 2021, it opened in the U.S., where it was released by IFC, followed by a May 2021 release in the UK, and releases around the world.
Prior to publishing A Fortunate Age, Rakoff worked as a freelance literary journalist and critic, contributing frequently to the Los Angeles Times, the San Francisco Chronicle, Newsday, the Guardian, and the New York Times, as well as magazines like Vogue, Marie Claire, and O; The Oprah Magazine. For many years, they served as a contributing editor for the literary trade magazine Poets & Writers, where they wrote a long-running column featuring debut writers entitled "First," as well as profiles of writers such as T.C. Boyle and Jonathan Franzen. In 2004, they became the books editor of a new online arts and culture magazine, Tablet, then known as Nextbook. In 2005, they were promoted to feature editor, and from 2006-2008, they served as editor-in-chief.
Rakoff is currently under contract with Little, Brown for a new memoir, The Fifth Passenger, which excavates a difficult family secret. The story of this memoir is recounted on the 10/21/2019 episode of Dani Shapiro's podcast Family Secrets.
They regularly contribute book reviews to The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, and Vogue.
Personal life
Rakoff lives in Cambridge, Massachusetts with their husband, the composer Keeril Makan, a professor at MIT. They have three children.https://freedom.to/blog/joanna-rakoff-finding-the-courage-confidence-clarity-of-mind-to-become-a-best-selling-author/
BibliographyA Fortunate Age. New York: Scribner, 2009. .My Salinger Year''. New York: Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group, 2014. .
References
External links
Joanna Rakoff Official Website
1972 births
Living people
People from Nyack, New York
Journalists from New York (state)
21st-century American journalists
21st-century American novelists
21st-century American women writers
American women journalists
American women novelists
21st-century American memoirists
American women memoirists
Oberlin College alumni
Alumni of University College London
Theta Ceti, Latinized from θ Ceti, is a solitary, orange-hued star in the equatorial constellation of Cetus. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude of 3.60. Based upon an annual parallax shift of 28.66 mas as seen from Earth, it is located about 114 light years from the Sun. At that distance, the visual magnitude is diminished by an extinction factor of 0.10 due to interstellar dust.
With an age of about 2.2 billion years, this is an evolved, K-type giant star with a stellar classification of K0 III. It is a red clump star on the horizontal branch, which means it is generating energy through helium fusion at its core. The star has an estimated 1.8 times the mass of the Sun and has expanded to 10 times the Sun's radius. It is radiating 53 times the solar luminosity from its photosphere at an effective temperature of 4,660 K.
Name
In the catalogue of stars in the Calendarium of Al Achsasi Al Mouakket, this star was designated Thanih al Naamat (ثاني النعامات - thānī al-naʽāmāt), which was translated into Latin as Secunda Struthionum, meaning the second ostrich. This star, along with η Cet (Deneb Algenubi), τ Cet (Thalath Al Naamat), ζ Cet (Baten Kaitos)and υ Cet, were Al Naʽāmāt (النعامات), the Hen Ostriches.
In Chinese, (), meaning Square Celestial Granary, refers to an asterism consisting of θ Ceti, ι Ceti, η Ceti, ζ Ceti, τ Ceti and 57 Ceti. Consequently, the Chinese name for θ Ceti itself is (, .)
References
K-type giants
Horizontal-branch stars
Ceti, Theta
Cetus (constellation)
Durchmusterung objects
Ceti, 45
008512
006537
0402
Piotr Grzegorz Farfał (born 18 May 1978 in Głogów) is a Polish rightwing politician of the League of Polish Families and former President of the Polish national TV network TVP.
Biography
Farfał studied law at the University of Szczecin and at the College of Banking in Wrocław. They were active in the nationalist All-Polish Youth and the National Revival of Poland. As a student they wrote for the right-wing newspapers "Front" and "Szczerbiec" (The Sword). However, when the Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza described them as a "former neo-Nazi", Farfał sued, only to have their lawsuit thrown out by a local court.
In May 2006 Farfał became a supervisory board member and vice-president of the state-run TV network TVP, and was appointed president in December 2008. After assuming office they cancelled a contract financing the biopic The Courageous Heart of Irena Sendler, on the life of Irena Sendler who had helped save thousands of Jewish children during the Holocaust. In protest the French-German TV network Arte suspended cooperation with TVP, considering Farfał's views "incompatible with Arte's philosophy based on intercultural exchange", and stating that "the party that TVP's chairperson is presently connected with does not share European values."
A number of Polish public media figures, including film directors Agnieszka Holland and Andrzej Wajda, subsequently appealed to the public to boycott TVP on Polish Constitution day, 3 May 2009.
Works
Myśleć po polsku ("Thinking Polish")
References
1978 births
Living people
People from Głogów
University of Szczecin alumni
League of Polish Families politicians
The Grand Olympics () is a 1961 Italian documentary film, directed by Romolo Marcellini, made in 1961. It was nominated as Best Documentary Feature at 34th Academy Awards in 1961.
Plot
142 minutes of the film speak of events and athletes that have characterized the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. From the absolute protagonist Wilma Rudolph, called the black gazelle, to Livio Berruti, the first Italian to win a gold medal in a sprint race, to the deeds of Ethiopian marathon runner Abebe Bikila, who won the marathon racing barefoot.
Other Official Films of the Olympic Games
Olympia (1938), directed by Leni Riefenstahl about Berlin 1936
Tokyo Olympiad (1965), directed by Kon Ichikawa about Tokyo 1964
16 Days of Glory (1986), directed by Bud Greenspan about Los Angeles 1984
References
External links
La grande Olimpiade. prima parte at European Film Gateway
La grande Olimpiade. seconda parte at European Film Gateway
Italian documentary films
Documentary films about the Olympics
1960s Italian-language films
1961 films
1961 documentary films
1960s sports films
Films about the 1960 Summer Olympics
Films directed by Romolo Marcellini
1960s Italian films
A Few Cubic Meters of Love (, Chand Metre Moka'ab Eshgh) is a 2014 Iranian-Afghan romance film directed by Jamshid Mahmoudi. It was selected as the Afghan entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards, but was not nominated.
Plot
Abdul Salam is an Afghan immigrant.  They are working and living with their daughter Morona in a workshop.
Cast
Hasiba Ebrahimi as Morona
Saed Soheili as Saber
Nader Fallah
Masoud Mirtaheri
Alireza Ostadi
See also
List of submissions to the 87th Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film
List of Afghan submissions for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film
References
External links
2014 films
2014 romance films
Afghan drama films
2010s Persian-language films
Iranian romance films
Ventnor Towers Hotel is a large hotel in Ventnor on the Isle of Wight. It was first built in 1872 and has been extended multiple times since its initial construction. It is notably one of the few hotels on the Isle of Wight to have a functioning Helipad. The hotel is south-facing, and sits little more than a few hundred feet from the steep cliffs that give access to Bonchurch. Documents on display inside the hotel mention of a similar hotel in the neighbouring town of Shanklin having been built around the same time as this hotel, but it has long since been defunct.
Alternate names
For a short time between the mid-1990s and the mid-2000s, the hotel was managed by Best Western, and was known as Best Western Ventnor. After the owners chose to manage the hotel instead, the hotel's name reverted to its current name.
References
Isle of Wight
Hotels on the Isle of Wight
Ventnor
Sherkat-e Zarayi Shahid Beheshti (, also Romanized as Sherkat-e Zarāyī Shahīd Beheshtī) is a village in Khursand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 186, in 40 families.
References
Populated places in Shahr-e Babak County
Dag Ivar Wirén (15 October 1905 – 19 April 1986) was a Swedish composer.
Life
Wirén was born at Striberg near Nora. Their father had a roller blind factory, and there were various musical activities in the family home; they took piano lessons, and was a student at the Karolinska school in Örebro, and played the bass drum and celesta in the town orchestra.
Wirén studied at the Stockholm conservatory from 1926 to 1931, which gave them much exposure to music from all periods; hearing Arthur Honegger's oratorio King David in 1927 was an important experience.
In 1932 they won the state stipend and used the award money to continue their studies in Paris, where they lived from 1931 to 1934. While there, they studied composition under the Russian composer Leonid Sabaneyev, though they admitted later that their endless attendance of concerts, and not their tutoring with Sabaneyev, had the greater impact on their own work. In Paris they met Igor Stravinsky (as well as their compatriot Gösta Nystroem) and was exposed to the music of Stravinsky, Sergei Prokofiev and the French composers of Les Six.
In 1934, Wirén moved to Stockholm with their bride, the Irish cellist, Noel Franks, whom they had met in Paris; their daughter, Annika, was born in 1947. In 1937, the couple set up home permanently in Danderyd, just north of Stockholm. As well as composing, Wirén regularly played their main instrument, the piano, on Swedish Radio during the 1930s; they also devoted themselves to chamber music in the 1930s and 40s; although they conducted in a recording of their Sinfonietta, they hated conducting. They were music critic at the "Svenska Morgonbladet" from 1938 to 1946, and in 1947 became vice-chairperson of the Society of Swedish Composers. From 1948, they spent summers on the island of Björkö, in Stockholm's archipelago. They served as a member of the board of directors of the Royal Swedish Opera from 1962 to 1971. Their TV ballet Den elaka drottningen (The Evil Queen) won the 1960 Prix Italia. They also wrote the music for the Swedish entry for the 1965 Eurovision Song Contest, Annorstädes vals (Absent Friend), sung by Ingvar Wixell. They retired from composing in 1970, commenting, "One should stop in time, while one still has time to stop in time."
They died at Danderyd on 19 April 1986.
Music
Wirén's output, which ranges from serious to popular, is notable for its quality rather than quantity, and a number of their works were refused opus numbers or withdrawn. They once commented that their first desire was to entertain and please, and compose listener-friendly "modern" music. They were reluctant to write for the voice (in the 1965 Eurovision Song Contest entry, Alf Henrikson wrote the lyrics after Wirén had composed the music).
Neoclassical pieces from Wirén's early Parisian period, including the Piano Trio (1933) and the Sinfonietta (1933–34), are melodically and rhythmically entertaining.
Upon their return to Sweden, they composed their first two symphonies and their most famous work, the Serenade for Strings (1937); the spirit of this serenade may also be found in the finale of their second symphony (1939). Wirén went on to compose five symphonies, concertos and other orchestral works, including music for the stage and film scores, as well as instrumental and chamber music, including a series of string quartets.
Their musical style on return from Paris remained broadly neoclassical; melodic, energetic and with high spirits. Towards the mid-1940s Wirén became more serious in style, perhaps under the influence of Jean Sibelius. Wirén also developed a personal technique, first used in the third string quartet (1941–45), of gradual motivic transformation, avoiding repetition (metamorphosis technique). They pursued this approach in their third symphony (1944), where the first motif in the first movement, based on a step-wise Dorian mode progression, is transformed during the movement and then echoed in the last three movements. Motivic tautness also characterizes the deeply expressive fourth symphony (1952), as well as their rather cooler later works, including the fifth symphony (1964) and fifth string quartet (1970).
Compositions
Symphonies
Symphony No. 1, Op. 3 (1932), withdrawn and never performed
Sinfonietta, Op. 7a (1933–34); Wirén's aborted attempt at a second symphony, subsequently refashioned into the Op. 7a
Symphony No. 2, Op. 14 (1938–39)
Symphony No. 3, Op. 20 (1943–44)
Symphony No. 4, Op. 27 (1951–52)
Symphony No. 5, Op. 38 (1963–64)
Concert works
Cello Concerto, Op. 10 (1936)
Violin Concerto, Op. 23 (1946)
Piano Concerto, Op. 26 (1950)
Concertino for flute and small orchestra, Op. 44 (1972)
Other orchestral
Concert Overture 1, Op. 2 (1931)
Two Orchestral Pieces, Op. 7b (1934)
Serenade for Strings, Op. 11 (1937)
Concert Overture 2, Op. 16 (1940)
Little Suite, Op. 17 (1941)
Romantic suite, Op. 22 (1943, rev. 1961)
Lustspelsuvertyr, Op. 21 (1945)
Divertimento, Op. 29 (1954–57)
Triptych for small orchestra, Op. 33 (1958)
Music for strings, Op. 40 (1966)
Chamber music
String Quartet 1
String Quartet 2, Op. 9 (1935)
String Quartet 3, Op. 18 (1941)
String Quartet 4, Op. 28 (1952–53)
String Quartet 5, Op. 41 (1970)
Piano trio 1, Op. 6 (1933)
Piano trio 2, Op. 36 (1961)
Wind quintet, Op. 42 (1971)
Quartet for flute, oboe, clarinet and cello, Op. 31 (1956)
Sonatina for violin and piano, Op. 15 (1940)
Sonatina for cello and piano 1, Op. 1 (1931)
Sonatina for cello and piano 2, Op. 4 (1933)
Miniature suite for cello and piano, Op. 8a (1934)
Miniature suite for piano trio, Op. 8b (1934)
Instrumental
Theme with variations for piano, Op. 5 (1933)
Small ironic pieces for piano, Op. 19 (1942–45)
Sonatina for piano, Op. 25 (1950)
Improvisations for piano, Op. 35 (1959)
Little serenade for guitar, Op. 39 (1964)
Little suite for piano, Op. 43 (1971)
Choral
Titania for women's voices, words by Gustaf Fröding (1942)
Three sea poems a cappella, words by Karin Boye (1963)
Songs
Livet och skrifterna ("En helig man"), words by Nils Ferlin (1934)
Mitt trollslott står i skogens bryn, words by August Strindberg (1934)
To your bed, Op. 13a, An autumn evening, Op. 13b, words by Erik Axel Karlfeldt (1938)
Jungfru Maria and Malenavisorna, Op. 13 a-b (1938), words by Erik Axel Karlfeldt
Annorstädes vals, words by Alf Henrikson (1965)
Works for the stage
Ballet Oscarian ball, Op. 24, after Gustaf Fröding's "Balen" (1948–49), (Royal Stockholm Opera, 1950, choreography by Birgit Cullberg)
Radio operetta, Gult, rött och blått, libretto by Georg Eliasson (Swedish Radio, 1940)
Radio operetta, Den glada patiencen, libretto by Georg Eliasson (Swedish Radio, 1941)
Incidental music for Madame Bovary, (Gustave Flaubert), Blancheteatern 1939
Stage music for Amorina (Carl Jonas Love Almqvist), Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern, 1951
Music for The Merchant of Venice, William Shakespeare (1943), Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern
Incidental music for Romeo and Juliet (William Shakespeare), Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern, 1953
Stage music for Gudens hustru, (Vilhelm Moberg), Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern, 1954
Music for A midsummer night's dream, Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern, 1955
Music for The Queen's Tiara (Carl Jonas Love Almqvist), Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern, 1957
Ballet Take your place on stage
Ballet, Den elaka drottningen, Sveriges Television 1960, choreography by Birgit Cullberg
Stage music for Hamlet (Shakespeare), Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern, 1960
Stage music for King John (Shakespeare), Kungliga Dramatiska Teatern, 1961
Film music
Nothing Is Forgotten (1942)
Oss tjuvar emellan eller En burk ananas (1945)
Grönt guld (1949)
Only a Mother (1949)
Miss Julie (1951)
A Lesson in Love (1954)
Wild Birds (1955)
The Phantom Carriage (1958)
De sista stegen (A matter of morals) (1961)
Recordings
As conductor Wirén recorded their Sinfonietta in May 1948 for Cupol, reissued on Phono Suecia PSCD 79, 1995.
References
External links
A list of Wirén autographs with some information about dates
Broadcast from 1960 of Wirén's Violin Concerto Op. 23 (British Library)
1905 births
1986 deaths
20th-century classical composers
Litteris et Artibus recipients
Swedish opera composers
Male opera composers
Royal College of Music, Stockholm alumni
People from Nora Municipality
Swedish classical composers
Swedish male classical composers
Swedish classical pianists
Male classical pianists
Swedish film score composers
Male film score composers
Swedish music critics
20th-century classical pianists
20th-century Swedish male musicians
20th-century Swedish musicians
American Way was a free, inflight magazine available across the entire American Airlines fleet and Admirals Clubs premium lounges. The magazine was first published in 1966. It was published on a monthly basis and reached over 16 million passengers every month.
In 2014, American Airlines appointed Ink as the new publisher of American Way. Ink's first issue launched in January 2015 with a double cover edition featuring rock star David Grohl and the band Foo Fighters, touting a fresh design and an editorial mix of international celebrities, world-class destinations and extraordinary stories. In June 2021 American Way ceased publication.
See also
Celebrated Living
References
External links
American Way website
Ink Global website
Defunct magazines published in the United States
Inflight magazines
Lifestyle magazines published in the United States
Magazines established in 1966
Magazines disestablished in 2021
Magazines published in Texas
Mass media in Dallas
Hunter Craig Kemper (born May 4, 1976) is a triathlete from the United States. They won the silver medal at the 1999 Pan American Games, behind Venezuela's Gilberto González, followed by winning gold four years later at the 2003 Pan American Games. Kemper was on four U.S. Olympic teams as a triathlete, competing at the Summer Olympics in 2000, 2004, 2008, and 2012.
College
They attended Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, where they were a 4-year member of the Men's Cross Country and Track & Field teams. Kemper graduated in 1998 with a degree in Business Administration.
Triathlete career
Kemper competed at the first Olympic triathlon at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. They took seventeenth place with a total time of 1:50:05.56.
Four years later, at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Kemper competed again. They moved up to ninth place with a time of 1:52:46.33 on the more rigorous course.
At the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, they finished in seventh place with a time of 1:49:48.75.
At the ITU San Diego Triathlon in 2012, they placed fifth with a time of 1:49:18 qualifying them for the 2012 Summer Olympics in London for the USA Olympic team. They placed fourteenth in those games to lead the U.S. triathlon team.
Kemper is one of only two American male triathletes ever to be ranked world #1 by the International Triathlon Union (ITU) (American Mark Fretta also held the world #1 rank for 4 months in 2006). In July 2006, they won the Life Time Fitness Triathlon in Minneapolis, MN, winning what was at the time the largest purse in professional triathlon competition.
References
Profile
American male triathletes
Triathletes at the 1999 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2003 Pan American Games
Triathletes at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Triathletes at the 2012 Summer Olympics
1976 births
Living people
American people of German descent
Lake Brantley High School alumni
Wake Forest University alumni
Sportspeople from Charlotte, North Carolina
Olympic triathletes of the United States
Pan American Games gold medalists for the United States
Pan American Games silver medalists for the United States
Pan American Games medalists in triathlon
Triathletes at the 2015 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 1999 Pan American Games
Medalists at the 2003 Pan American Games
20th-century American people
21st-century American people
The 2010 S-Pulse season was S-Pulse's nineteenth season in existence and their eighteenth season in the J1 League. The club also competed in the Emperor's Cup and the J.League Cup. The team finished the season sixth in the league.
Competitions
Player statistics
Other pages
J. League official site
Shimizu S-Pulse
Shimizu S-Pulse seasons
Nat Polen (June 14, 1914 — May 3, 1981) was an American actor.  They are known for their long-running character roles playing physicians on ABC and CBS soap operas.
Polen played Dr. Doug Cassen on As the World Turns for over 9 years, from April 1957 until October 1966. They then played Ephraim Webster on The Edge of Night and Dr. John Crager on the ABC afternoon version of The Nurses. They later became second acor to portray Dr. Jim Craig on One Life to Live from 1969 until shortly before their death from pancreatic cancer in 1981. They were also a film actor, playing Lt. Reilly in the 1972 film Across 110th Street. Other credits include appearing in 37 episodes of CBS Radio Mystery Theatre.
Filmography
References
External links
Male actors from New York City
20th-century American male actors
1914 births
1981 deaths
Deaths from pancreatic cancer
Deaths from cancer in New York (state)
Ahenkorah is a Ghanaian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Akua Sakyiwaa Ahenkorah, Ghanaian diplomat
Alfred Ofosu-Ahenkorah, Ghanaian energy official
Carlos Kingsley Ahenkorah (born 1966), Ghanaian politician
Deborah Ahenkorah (born 1987), Ghanaian educator and activist
Ghanaian surnames
Benzoylecgonine is the main metabolite of cocaine, formed by the liver and excreted in the urine. It is the compound tested for in most cocaine urine drug screens.
Pharmacokinetics
Chemically, benzoylecgonine is the benzoate ester of ecgonine. It is a primary metabolite of cocaine, and is pharmacologically inactive.
Urinalysis
Benzoylecgonine is the compound tested for in most substantive cocaine drug urinalyses. It is the corresponding carboxylic acid of cocaine, its methyl ester. It is formed in the liver by the metabolism of cocaine by hydrolysis, catalysed by carboxylesterases, and subsequently excreted in the urine.
Presence in drinking water
Benzoylecgonine is sometimes found in drinking water supplies. In 2005, scientists found surprisingly large quantities of benzoylecgonine in Italy's Po River and used its concentration to estimate the number of cocaine users in the region. In 2006, a similar study was performed in the Swiss ski town of Saint-Moritz using wastewater to estimate the daily cocaine consumption of the population. A study done in the United Kingdom found traces of benzoylecgonine in the country's drinking water supply, along with carbamazepine (an anticonvulsant) and ibuprofen (a common non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug), although the study noted that the amount of each compound present was several orders of magnitude lower than the therapeutic dose and therefore did not pose a risk to the population.
Preliminary studies on ecological systems show that benzoylecgonine has potential toxicity issues. Research is being conducted on degradation options such as advanced oxidation and photocatalysis for this metabolite in an effort to reduce concentrations in waste and surface waters. At environmentally relevant concentrations, benzoylecgonine has been shown to have a negative ecological impact.
See also
Coca alkaloids
Dihydrocuscohygrine
Hygrine
References
Tropane alkaloids found in Erythroxylum coca
Recreational drug metabolites
Benzoate esters
Carboxylic acids
My Buddy is a 1983 album by Rosemary Clooney, accompanied by Woody Herman and their orchestra.
Track listing
"I Believe in Love" (Alan and Marilyn Bergman, Kenny Loggins) – 4:56
"The Summer Knows" (A. Bergman, M. Bergman, Michel Legrand) – 4:47
"The Glory of Love" (Billy Hill) – 3:34
"You're Gonna Hear from Me" (André Previn, Dory Previn) – 3:40
"Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight" (James Taylor) – 5:09
"I'm Beginning to See the Light" (Duke Ellington, Don George, Johnny Hodges) – 3:37
"My Buddy" (Walter Donaldson, Gus Kahn) – 4:26
"You've Made Me So Very Happy" (Berry Gordy, Patrice Holloway, Brenda Holloway, Frank Wilson) – 4:39
Personnel
Rosemary Clooney – vocals
Woody Herman and their Orchestra
References
1983 albums
Rosemary Clooney albums
Woody Herman albums
Albums produced by Carl Jefferson
Concord Records albums
The Academic Model Providing Access to Healthcare (AMPATH) is an academic medical partnership between North American academic health centers led by the Indiana University School of Medicine in Indianapolis, Indiana and the Moi University School of Medicine, centered in Eldoret, Kenya. It is the first food-and-drug treatment model to be established in Africa. The program seeks to provide comprehensive HIV care services through its three-way mission: care, research, and training; It currently serves 3.5 million people, with over 60 urban and rural clinics in Western Kenya.
History
AMPATH began in 1989 as an educational medical partnership between Indiana University Medical School (IUMS) and Moi University to collaboratively improve health services, partake in health research and develop leaders in health care in the United States and Kenya. IU assisted in founding Moi University School of Medicine in 1990, Kenya's second medical school, and also consequently helped set up the healthcare system in western Kenya.
In 2001, in the face of the deadliest pandemic in human history, the partners joined forces to create one of Africa's largest, most comprehensive and effective HIV/AIDS control systems. The nine members are Indiana University School of Medicine, Brown University School of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Lehigh Valley Hospital–Cedar Crest, Providence Portland Medical Center, Purdue University, University of Utah School of Medicine, University of Texas at Austin Dell Medical School, and University of Toronto Faculty of Medicine. Today, in partnership with the Kenyan Ministry of Health and the United States government, AMPATH is expanding from an HIV focus to address the critical needs for primary health care, chronic disease care, and specialty care.
Mission
In AMPATH's definition of "healthcare," the focus is on the patient, not the disease. If a patient is hungry, or without a job, or is the victim of discrimination or abuse, AMPATH will respond, a commitment that leads inexorably toward holistic care. Therefore, AMPATH not only treats over 140,000 HIV-positive persons at over 60 urban and rural clinic sites throughout western Kenya. It also partners with the UN World Food Programme to feed 31,000 HIV-affected persons daily, provide school fees, nutrition, and other assistance over 20,000 children left orphaned or vulnerable due to HIV/AIDS, and has enrolled 10,000-plus patients in income security programs, including agricultural extension services, micro-finance and small business initiatives. The program also conducts prevention and early treatment programs that demonstrate a community-based effort that can virtually halt the spread of HIV/AIDS.
Local leadership is the key to sustainability of any global health effort, so all of AMPATH's programming is led and implemented by Kenyans. Sustainability is a core component of AMPATH at every level, as evidenced by the use of an advanced electronic medical record system to enable cost savings through task-shifting in clinical care (over 100 sites globally now host the AMPATH-originated Open Medical Records System, OpenMRS), overall program integration with the Kenyan government through a new partnership with the Ministry of Health, and a focus on developing income security for patients who will one day be able to pay for the care they receive.
Nearly 1,000 Kenyan and American medical students have been trained through this program, and AMPATH has received over $59 million in funding from large groups like NIH and the Gates Foundation.
Programs
Agriculture & Nutrition
For many patients, anti-retroviral drugs alone are not enough for full recovery, because of malnutrition and food insecurity. The partnership made the effort to ensure the full health and prosperity of its patients by setting up food support, agricultural, and nutrition programs. In conjunction with the World Food Program (WFP) and United States Agency for International Development, high-production farms were established in order to advance local self-sustainability in addition to mere food distribution. Additionally there is a nutrition program offering nutrition assessment, education and counseling.
A comprehensive electronic system designed by the School of Industrial Engineering at Purdue University called Nutritional Information System (NIS) is used to record, organize, and assist effective food distribution.
Food Distribution
The WFP/AMPATH partnership began in 2005, and currently has distributed more than 250 metric tons of food, feeding over 30,000 people and 7,000 households per day. Each patient receives 6 kg of maize, 1.8 kg of pulses, and 0.45 kg of vegetable oil per month. The partnership feeds all of its nutrition-deficient patients (including those with tuberculosis and cancer), orphans, and HIV+ prisoners (who meet certain eligibility criteria of having a BMI less than 18.5)
Dry foods like maize, beans, lentils, palm oil, RUTF, and fortified corn-soy blend are provided by the WFP and USAID, and fresh vegetables are provided by production and training farms.
Production Farms
There are 4 high-production farms and 2 teaching model farms, which produce approximately 6 tons of vegetables per week, with capacity to produce 11 tons/week. With a continuous source of water, these farms are able to produce a reliable, year-round supply of fresh vegetables.
In addition to actual food production, the partnership stresses sustainability, and teaches modern farming techniques to its recovering patients so they are able to grow their own food. A new "client feed client" model of farming was introduced, in which clients given monthly food prescriptions simply walk to the nearest AMPATH farm and collect their prescribed amount at their convenience. This food is produced by other clients, giving them income.
Children's Services
The Orphans and Vulnerable Children (OVC) program provides access to education, protection, shelter, food security, psychosocial support, medical care and economic security to any orphans or vulnerable children within the AMPATH catchment area. There are over 20,000 children registered in this program, in seven main clinic areas: Eldoret, Burnt Forest, Iten, Kabarnet, Mosoriot, Port Victoria and Turbo.
Clinical & Public Health Services
A number of partnerships to improve the clinical and public health services in Kenya with members of the AMPATH consortium are focused on different areas of health, including but not limited to: dentistry, emergency medicine, orthopedics, surgery, anesthesia, radiology, medicine, family medicine, and palliative care. Many of these programs are focused on training, but also centers such as the Drug Information Centre (DIC).
Communicable Diseases
Household Counseling and Testing Program (HCT)
HCT workers enroll every individual in each community and register them in a database. In addition to testing for HIV, they also screen for tuberculosis and other chronic diseases such as diabetes and hypertension, treat children for intestinal worms, deliver treated bed nets to prevent malaria, and provide nutritional counseling. It costs $1.50 per person to provide all of the services that are covered with HCT, except for the cost of the treated bed nets.
Maji Safi (Safe Water)
The Maji Safi program aims to make safe, clean water accessible for all, in both the community and the household. It supplies water treatment packets that are designed to kill cholera and typhoid fever bacteria. They are sold through the local shops (dukas). The community water wells and a handwashing curriculum are also being developed. The program hopes to ultimately expand the program to provide safe and available water for the 2 million living in the AMPATH catchment area.
Family Preservation Initiative
The purpose of the Family Preservation Initiative (FPI) is to provide financial support for its clients, whilst avoiding financial dependence. FPI offers income-generating programs that offer self-sustainable opportunities for its patients: capacity building services including business and agricultural training courses, business and agricultural consultancy, and access to loans and savings. Also FPI develops a number of different enterprises, including Valley Orchards, Green World Nursery, Cool Stream Restaurant, and Imani Workshops.
Imani Workshops
Imani Workshops is a handmade crafts business that reinvests 100% of its income to benefit its employees, all of whom are HIV+ patients in Western Kenya. During and even after recovery, many patients struggle with financial security and independence, made even more difficult by the social stigma associated with HIV+ individuals. Formed in January 2005, Imani Workshops is a part of The Family Preservation Initiative, aiming to give their patients, focusing on women, income-generating opportunities in order to be self-sustainable and support their families. Imani Workshops creates workshops with jobs for these women to produce high quality handmade jewelry, accessories, clothing, bags, and other accessories.
Maternal & Child Health
AMPATH has partnered with the Kenyan government to provide improved access to primary healthcare to all children and extensive medical care to over 22,000 HIV-infected or exposed children. The program targets those children who have been infected or exposed to HIV from HIV-infected mothers, and offers HIV testing, antiretroviral medicine, preventive medicine, nutritional support, disclosure counseling, and adolescent support groups in 55 different locations in Western Kenya.
Reproductive Health
Formed in 2007 between the University of Toronto, Duke University, and Indiana University, the Reproductive Health program aims to improve reproductive health in Western Kenya through the ALARM international program and the Cervical Cancer Screening and Treatment Program.
The ALARM (Advances in Labor and Risk Management) international training program is a five-day training program mainly targeting health professionals designed by the Society of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists of Canada. The main purpose of the program is to help reduce death and injury caused by pregnancy, childbirth and unsafe abortion. The program emphasizes discussion of sexual and reproductive rights as well as hands-on practice of clinical procedures.
The Cervical Cancer Screening Program (CCSP) began in 2008, aiming to ultimately reduce the amount of cervical cancer in Kenya. Since then, over 1,100 women have been screened, 80 have gone through curative treatment for cervical dysplasia (LEEP), and 19 have had hysterectomies performed on them.
Riley Mother and Baby Hospital
Riley Mother and Baby Hospital (RMBHK), the vision of Dr. James A. Lemons of Indiana University School of Medicine, opened April 29, 2009 in Eldoret, Kenya, and is part of the Moi Teaching and Referral Hospital. RMBHK is focused on providing services for pregnant mothers as well as their babies through education, training and research. The hospital accommodates 12,000 deliveries a year, serves as the teaching hospital for nearly one-third of all doctors in Kenya, and includes the first and only neonatal intensive care unit in East Africa.
Primary Care & Chronic Diseases
The partnership will deliver comprehensive primary healthcare to a target population of 500,000 people through 5 innovation sites, emphasizing essential health care at the community, dispensary, and health centres.
Its HIV clinics are transitioning into more comprehensive clinics that address many other chronic diseases, including a diabetes program, an oncology center, and cardiovascular and pulmonary care.
Research
The AMPATH Research Network was founded in 1998, overseeing research projects aimed to improve the health and health care systems of Kenya. Over 170 publications have resulted from these collaborations between more than the 19 universities have taken part in the research program, which include Brown, Yale, Columbia, UCSF, Duke, Purdue, Stanford, NYU, and University of Toronto. The program has received over $67 million in direct costs in research grants
Social Health
There is also involvement in a number of projects geared towards social work, with 35 social workers serving over 100,000 people. The B-Fine Women's Project (Burnt Forest Initiative for the Empowerment of Women) is designed to reduce HIV risk of commercial sex workers in the Burnt Forest area, offering diagnosis and treatment of sexually transmitted infections (STI), HIV testing, counseling, cervical cancer screening, and gynecology care.
In addition to the B-Fine Women's Project, there are mental health services and a women's shelter (Amani Women's Shelter).
Current Work
There are currently over 60 urban and rural clinic sites. This map shows some of the various sites across the country and the details of the involvement and work.
The work in relieving its HIV+ patients continues, but the partnership has also become research-oriented in the past years, with its main strides in cancer research. The program is also making full use of modern-day technology, using Google's open source mobile operating system (Android) as a data collection tool in its Home-based Counseling and Testing (HCT).
References
HIV/AIDS
Mawkmai Township is a township of Langkho District in the Shan State of Burma. The principal town is Mawkmai.
The central portion of the township consists of a wide, well-watered plain on which rice is grown. The rest is chiefly mountainous with ranges running north and south. Rice is the chief crop, but much tobacco of good quality is grown in the Langko district on the Tang River. There is also a great deal of cattle-breeding.
History
Mawkmai State was one of the former large states in the eastern division of the southern Shan States of Burma with an area of 7,215 km².
References
Townships of Shan State
The Waverly Bridge near Waverly, Mississippi is a railway swinging bridge spanning between Lowndes County, Mississippi and Clay County, Mississippi. It brings the Columbus and Greenville Railway across the Tombigbee River.
It was built in 1914 by the Wisconsin Bridge and Iron Co. for the Columbus and Greenville Railway. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.
It is a swinging through truss bridge.
References
Swing bridges in the United States
Railroad bridges on the National Register of Historic Places in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Clay County, Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places in Lowndes County, Mississippi
Buildings and structures completed in 1914
Mandia is a developed village in the Barpeta district of Assam, India. It is located along the Bhelengi River. Nearby villages include Satra Kanara, Bhatkuchi, Bamun Dongra, Sonapur Rubhi, Sitoli, Govindupur and Gajia. It is located 8 km south of district headquarters Barpeta and headquarter of the Mandia Development Block. The main market is Mandia Bazaar, where a weekly Haat bazaar takes place on Monday.
Demographics
The village comes under of Baghbar LAC (126), with a majority of inhabitants belonging to East Bengal-rooted Muslim. According to the 2011 census, the total 3000 population is fairly evenly split between males and females. Mandia has a slightly lower literacy rate of 69% compared to Assam's 72%, and within the village the male population has a higher rate of literacy than the female population. Hindu Assamese,Hindu Bengali are also inhabitant in Mandia.
Education
10+ lower primary schools are situated in Mandia. Mandia Higher Secondary School and Mandia Anchalik College are two institutions of higher education. Two private school operate there, one Assamese Medium Mandia Jatiya Bidyala and one English medium. One Model school was established by State government. A private Islamic school is there.
Transport
The Barpeta Mandia Road connects the village with district. The people of Mandia faces traffic problems because of narrow bridge over the Bhelengi river.Public transport buses and mini buses are available which connects the district and the city Guwahati.
References
Villages in Barpeta district
Schiffornis is a genus of bird in the family Tityridae. It has traditionally been placed in the manakin family, but evidence strongly suggest it is better placed in Tityridae, where now placed by SACC. Instead of schiffornis, they are sometimes referred to as mourners; a name shared with members of the genera Laniocera, Laniisoma and Rhytipterna.
Species
References
Bird genera
Taxa named by Charles Lucien Bonaparte
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
James Cowell (born 28 July 1961) is a Scottish former footballer who played for Albion Rovers, Hearts, East Stirlingshire, Ayr United, Clyde, Falkirk, East Fife and Dumbarton.
References
1961 births
Scottish footballers
Dumbarton F.C. players
Albion Rovers F.C. players
East Stirlingshire F.C. players
Ayr United F.C. players
Heart of Midlothian F.C. players
East Fife F.C. players
Falkirk F.C. players
Clyde F.C. players
Scottish Football League players
Living people
Association football midfielders
Sebastián Jurado Roca (born 28 September 1997) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga MX club Cruz Azul.
Club career
Veracruz
A native of Veracruz, Jurado joined the youth academy of Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz in 2013, going through the various ranks.
On 9 November 2018, Jurado made their debut in the Liga MX in Veracruz's 2–2 draw against Querétaro. On 3 April 2019, it was announced that Jurado had signed a three-year contract extension with Veracruz, with the player stating that they were "happy to stay" at the club, despite reported interest from other clubs. Following the disaffiliation of Veracruz from the Liga MX at the end of the club's 2019 Apertura campaign, Jurado became a free agent.
Cruz Azul
On 19 December 2019, Jurado officially joined Cruz Azul. On 18 February, they made their club debut in the 2020 CONCACAF Champions League against Portmore United, winning 2–1.
International career
Youth
Jurado was called up by Jaime Lozano to participate with the under-22 team that participated at the 2019 Toulon Tournament. They only appeared in the third place playoff against the Republic of Ireland, during the penalty shoot-out they would stop two of Ireland's shots, helping Mexico win the match.
Jurado also participated at the 2020 CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Championship, appearing in three matches, where Mexico won the competition. They were subsequently called up to participate in the 2020 Summer Olympics. Jurado won the bronze medal with the Olympic team.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Cruz Azul
Liga MX: Guardianes 2021
Supercopa de la Liga MX: 2022
Mexico U23
CONCACAF Olympic Qualifying Championship: 2020
Olympic Bronze Medal: 2020
Individual
Liga MX Best Rookie: 2018–19
References
External links
Sebastián Jurado at Soccerway
Sebastián Jurado at Official Liga MX Profile
Sebastián Jurado at Football Database
Sebastián Jurado at Soccerstand
1997 births
Living people
Liga MX players
C.D. Veracruz footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Footballers from Veracruz
Mexican footballers
Footballers at the 2020 Summer Olympics
Olympic footballers of Mexico
Olympic medalists in football
Olympic bronze medalists for Mexico
Medalists at the 2020 Summer Olympics
The 52nd Regiment, Tennessee Infantry was an infantry regiment from Tennessee that served with the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Notable battles that the regiment has engaged in include Shiloh and Chickamauga.
See also
List of Tennessee Confederate Civil War units
References
Further reading
Tennesseans in the Civil War: A Military History of Union and Confederate Units, Vol. 1. Nashville, TN: Tennessee Civil War Centennial Commission, 1964, pp. 291-292. (Brief unit history)
External links
Confederate Tennessee Regiment: 52nd Regiment, Tennessee Infantry, NPS
Units and formations of the Confederate States Army from Tennessee
Military units and formations disestablished in 1865
1865 disestablishments in Tennessee
Laurance "Larry" Spelman Rockefeller Jr., (born 1944) is an American environmental lawyer. They worked for the Natural Resources Defense Council for 25 years. Rockefeller is now a trustee of the organization. They stated that their family all shared an interest in environmental matters. "If we see a problem, we roll up our sleeves, enlist the help of others, apply our resources and get the job done," they said.
Family background
Rockefeller's parents were Laurance Rockefeller (1910–2004) and Mary French (1910–1997). They have three older sisters, Marion, Laura, and Lucy, and is a fourth generation member of the Rockefeller family. Their patrilineal great-grandfather was Standard Oil's co-founder John D. Rockefeller and their matrilineal great-grandfather was Frederick H. Billings, a president of Northern Pacific Railway. Both of their grandmothers, Mary Billings French and Abby Aldrich Rockefeller, were important to the early development of YWCA USA.
Political aspirations
Rockefeller ran for the Republican nomination in the 1992 United States Senate election in New York, campaigning against incumbent Alfonse D'Amato, and criticizing the conservative wing of the party. However, their campaign struggled to gain enough signatures to get on the ballot, and ultimately failed to do so.
Board memberships
 They are the co-founder and was the former Vice-Chair of the New York League of Conservation Voters, (NYLCV). Rockefeller is currently a Trustee of the Natural Resources Defense Council and President of the American Conservation Association. Rockefeller served as a member of the Palisades Interstate Park Commission for 27 years.
See also
Rockefeller family
Laurance Rockefeller
Mary French Rockefeller
Marion Rockefeller Weber
Lucy Aldrich Rockefeller
Laura Rockefeller Chasin
References
External links
Palisades Interstate Park Commission
National Resources Defense Council
Interview with Larry Rockefeller
Rockefeller family
Winthrop family
American people of English descent
American people of German descent
American environmentalists
Living people
Columbia Law School alumni
Harvard University alumni
1944 births
New York (state) Republicans
Roderick Arthur Francis Balfour, 5th Earl of Balfour (born 9 December 1948), is a British peer and business person.
Biography
Balfour was born on 9 December 1948 in London to Eustace Arthur Goschen Balfour (1921–2000) and their wife, Anne (née Yule). Eustace Balfour was the son of Francis Balfour, nephew of Prime Minister Arthur Balfour, the first Earl of Balfour. They were educated at Eton College.
On 14 July 1971, Balfour married Lady Tessa Mary Isabel Fitzalan-Howard, the eldest daughter of Miles Fitzalan-Howard, 17th Duke of Norfolk. They have four children:
Lady Willa Anne Balfour (born 1973); married to George William Franks in 1997.
Arthur Anthony Franks (born 1999)
Violet Miriam Franks (born 2000)
Esmé Alice Franks (born 2004)
Lady Kinvara Clare Rachel Balfour (born 1975); married to Count Riccardo Lanza from 2009 to 2011.
Marlowe Balfour Shahani (born 2018)
Lady Maria Alice Jubilee Balfour (born 1977); married Charles Wigan in 2006.
Aliena Mirabelle Wigan (born 2009)
Caius Christian Wigan (born 2013)
Lady Candida Rose Balfour (born 1984)
On 27 June 2003, Balfour succeeded their second cousin once removed Gerald as the Earl of Balfour. As they have no sons, their brother, the Hon. Charles George Yule Balfour (born 1951), is the heir presumptive.
Notes and references
Notes
References
1948 births
Living people
People educated at Eton College
5
Latvia competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. They won four medals; two gold and two bronze. It was their most successful paralympic games to date.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Medallists
Archery
Latvia qualified one archer for the Rio Games following their performance at the 2015 World Archery Para Championships. Ieve Melle earned the spot in the women's recurve open after defeating Czech archer Marketa Sidkova in straight sets.
|-
|align=left|Gints Jonasts
|align=left|Men's individual recurve open
|541
|32
|L 2–6
|colspan=4|Did not advance
|17
|-
|align=left|Ieva Melle
|align=left|Women's individual recurve open
|592
|12
|W 6–5
|W 6–4
|L 0–6
|colspan=2|Did not advance
|8
|-
|align=left|Gints JonastsIeva Melle
|align=left|Mixed team recurve open
|1133
|13
|
|L 0–6
|colspan=3|Did not advance
|9
|}
Athletics
Equestrian
The country earned an individual slot via the Para Equestrian Individual Ranking List Allocation method.
Rowing
Eduards Pupels
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Swimming
Men
Wheelchair fencing
Women
In popular culture
On 15 November 2016 Latvijas Pasts issued three different postage stamps to commemorate the three Latvian medal winners of the 2016 Paralympics, which makes it the first time in Latvian history that paralympics are commemorated with a postage stamp issue.
See also
Latvia at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Latvian sport
Mario Nardone (May 8, 1915 – July, 1 1986) was an Italian police officer. They were born in the town of Pietradefusi in southern Italy, but in 1946 they transferred to Milan where they became a celebrated public figure solving a number of high-profile cases.
Popular culture
In 2012 Nardone's story served as the basis for a twelve-part Italian television series Inspector Nardone in which they were played by the actor Sergio Assisi.
1915 births
1986 deaths
Italian police officers
People from Milan
Calumet, Illinois may refer to the following place:
Calumet City, Illinois
Calumet Park, Illinois
Calumet Township, Cook County, Illinois
Calumet River
Raymond Evans (27 November 1927 – 2010) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Mansfield Town.
References
1927 births
2010 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Coventry City F.C. players
Mansfield Town F.C. players
Stafford Rangers F.C. players
Stockport County F.C. players
Shonto Preparatory School is a K–12 school system in Shonto, Arizona. The Shonto Preparatory School district includes a K–8 Bureau of Indian Affairs grant school and Shonto Preparatory Technology High School, a charter high school.
History
The Indian Affairs education facilities were founded in 1933 out of a local desire to have students attend a school closer to home. It moved to its current location in 1966. The Shonto Boarding School, as it was called, became a BIA/charter school in 1996, and the charter high school was added in 1997. The school serves students from rural areas such as Black Mesa, Inscription House, Kaibeto, Kayenta and Tonalea, with students being bused in from as far as away.
SPTHS Today
The current high school building was built in 2005–2006. It includes 16 classrooms, 2 vocational classrooms, and multi-purpose room known as the Cafetorium.
It has a boarding facility.
Departments
Departments of Shonto Preparatory Technology High School include:
English
Mathematics
Science
Social Studies
Physical Education
Art/Computer Graphics
Diné Studies
Career and Technical Education
Exceptional Student Services (special education)
Staff
The Current Building staff consists of nine certified teachers, one per each department. The office has a student service technician, a registrar/administrative assistant, and a principal.
The school has 73 students. All of the students are Native American, and over 90% are eligible for free or reduced lunch programs.
Athletics
Shonto Preparatory Technology High School has a growing, competitive athletic program. The school competes as part of the Arizona Interscholastic Association in the 1A North Conference for basketball and volleyball and in Division IV for cross-country, wrestling, and track and field.
Fall sports
Cross Country
Volleyball
Winter sports
Basketball
Wrestling
Spring sports
Track and Field
References
External links
Boarding schools in Arizona
Public boarding schools in the United States
Public high schools in Arizona
Education on the Navajo Nation
Schools in Navajo County, Arizona
Charter schools in Arizona
Native American schools in Arizona
Jolly Frolics is a UPA animated cartoon series. Thirty-eight films were produced in the series, theatrically released from 1948 to 1959, pioneering the use of limited animation.
Due to their mature themes, they weren't considered animation appropriate for younger audiences, and as a result have never aired on television (with some exceptions, like the cartoons with The Fox and the Crow, Mr. Magoo and Gerald McBoing-Boing plus some others which were more family-friendly in tone, as they were aired in the package TV series Totally Tooned In). They were released on DVD by TCM in 2012 with a MOD re-release in 2014.
Filmography
Robin Hoodlum 12/23/48 fc
The Magic Fluke 3/27/49 fc
The Ragtime Bear 9/8/49 m
Punchy De Leon 1/12/50 fc
The Miner's Daughter 5/25/50
Giddyap 7/27/50
The Popcorn Story 11/30/50
The Family Circus 1/25/51
Gerald McBoing-Boing 1/25/51 g
Late Registration 8/3/51
Georgie and the Dragon 9/27/51
The Wonder Gloves 11/29/51
The Oompahs 1/24/52
Rooty Toot Toot 3/27/52
Willie the Kid 6/26/52
Pete Hothead 9/25/52
Madeline 11/27/52
Little Boy With a Big Horn 3/26/53
The Emperor's New Clothes 4/30/53
Christopher Crumpet 6/25/53
Gerald McBoing-Boing's Symphony 7/5/53 g Sparky
The Unicorn in the Garden 9/24/53
The Tell Tale Heart 12/27/53
Bringing Up Mother 1/14/54
Ballet-Oop 2/11/54
The Man on the Flying Trapeze 4/8/54
Fudget's Budget 6/17/54
How Now Boing Boing 9/9/54 g
Spare the Child 1/27/55
Four Wheels No Brakes 3/24/55
Baby Boogie 5/19/55
Christopher Crumpet's Playmate 9/8/55
The Rise of Duton Lang 12/1/55
Gerald McBoing! Boing! On Planet Moo 2/9/56 g
The Jaywalker 5/31/56
Trees and Jamaica Daddy 1/30/58 hh
Sailing and Village Band 2/27/58 hh
Spring and Saganaki 10/16/58 hh
Picnics Are Fun and Dino's Serenade 1/16/59 hh
See also
List of UPA cartoons
Color Rhapsodies
Phantasies
Silly Symphony
Color Classics
Happy Harmonies
Looney Tunes
Merrie Melodies
Film series introduced in 1948
1948 films
1959 disestablishments in the United States
UPA series and characters
Animated film series
The long-tailed tapaculo (Scytalopus micropterus) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in the eastern Andes of Colombia, Ecuador and far northern Peru.
Taxonomy and systematics
The long-tailed tapaculo was formerly considered a subspecies of rufous-vented tapaculo (Scytalopus femoralis) but was separated based principally on differences in their vocalizations. They are now classed as sister species.
Description
The long-tailed tapaculo is one of the larger species of genus Scytalopus, and, compared to other Scytalopus species, its tail is relatively long. It is long overall and males weigh from . Otherwise the long-tailed tapaculo has few distinctive morphological features: The male's plumage is drab, primarily dark gray with russet brown flanks that are barred with black. The female is similar but even drabber.
Distribution and habitat
The long-tailed tapaculo occurs along the east slopes of the Andes from Colombia south to northern Peru. There it inhabits humid shrubby areas along streams and forest edges. In most of its range it is found between , but in Peru is limited to elevations between .
Behavior
Feeding
Like other cloud forest tapaculos, the long-tailed tapaculo forages on or near the ground for small invertebrates.
Breeding
The long-tailed tapaculo probably breeds in all months. Birds collected in September and November had active gonads, but no other information has been published.
Vocalization
The long-tailed tapaculo's song typically begins with a series of single notes, but quickly turns into a series of couplets . Its alarm call is a descending series .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the long-tailed tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Though it has a somewhat restricted range and the population size is not known, both are believed large enough to allow that classification.
References
long-tailed tapaculo
Birds of the Colombian Andes
Birds of the Ecuadorian Andes
long-tailed tapaculo
long-tailed tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Ogawa Dam is a rockfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 10.1 km2. The dam impounds about 10 ha of land when full and can store 981 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1971 and completed in 1996.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1996 establishments in Japan
Hapalomys gracilis is a fossil rodent from the genus Hapalomys found in Longgupo in South China. The species designation gracilis is Latin for 'thin'. Only a first subchase of this species is known. This molar is smaller than that of all other types of Hapalomys. The molar also has smaller labial nodules than all species except H. angustidens and differs from all species except H. angustidens in the absence of the posterolabial cingulum.
References
Fossil taxa described in 1993
Prehistoric rodents
gracilis
West Bank Dock was situated on the River Mersey at Widnes.
It was built in 1864 to cater for the growing chemical industry.
It took over some of the traffic of the Widnes Dock.
The dock closed in the 1970s.
In 2008, the Stobart Group had received a contract for "the demolition of an unused industrial estate and the cleanup of acres of contaminated land at the West Bank Dock Estate in Widnes." from the Northwest Regional Development Agency. The new Mersey Multimodal Gateway will be built on the old West Bank Dock Estate.
References
External links
Site description of the West Bank Dock (Matheson Road) Estate
History of the West Bank Dock
Mersey docks
Ports and harbours of Cheshire
Buildings and structures completed in 1864
This is the order of battle for the Battle of Albuera (16 May 1811). The Battle of Albuera was an engagement of the Peninsular War, fought between a mixed British, Spanish, and Portuguese corps and elements of the French Armée du Midi (Army of the South). It took place at the small Spanish village of Albuera, about 12 miles (20 km) south of the frontier fortress-town of Badajoz, Spain.
Marshal Sir William Beresford had been given the task of reconstructing the Portuguese army since February 1809. They temporarily took command of General Rowland Hill's corps while Hill was recovering from illness, and was granted overall command of the Allied army at Albuera by the Spanish generals, Joaquín Blake y Joyes and Francisco Castaños.
Abbreviations used
Military rank
Gen = General
Lt Gen = Lieutenant-General
Maj Gen = Major-General
GD = général de division
Brig Gen = Brigadier-General
GB = général de brigade
Col = Colonel
Lt Col = Lieutenant Colonel
Maj = Major
Capt = Captain
Lt = Lieutenant
Other
(w) = wounded
(mw) = mortally wounded
(k) = killed in action
(c) = captured
Allied army
Commander-in-Chief of the Allied Army: Marshal William C. Beresford
Anglo-Portuguese Forces
Spanish Forces
Commander-in-Chief of the Spanish Forces: Gen Joaquín Blake y Joyes
4th Army
Commander-in-Chief: Gen Joaquín Blake y Joyes
5th Army
Commander-in-Chief: Gen Francisco Castaños
French Armée du Midi (Army of the South)
Commander-in-Chief: Marshal Jean-de-Dieu Soult
V Corps d'Armée
GD Jean-Baptiste Girard
Notes
References
;
;
.
Napoleonic Wars orders of battle
Peninsular War orders of battle
Imamkhan Magometgireyevich Gazdiyev (; born 27 December 1993) is a former Russian football midfielder.
Club career
They made their debut in the Russian Second Division for FC Angusht Nazran on 26 July 2012 in a game against FC Torpedo Armavir. They made their Russian Football National League debut for Angusht on 14 April 2014 in a game against FC SKA-Energiya Khabarovsk.
References
External links
Career summary by sportbox.ru
1993 births
Living people
Russian footballers
Association football midfielders
FC Angusht Nazran players
Where Do You Go When You Dream is the 16th studio album by Canadian country music vocalist Anne Murray, released in 1981 on Capitol Records. It reached #4 on the U.S. country album charts, and #55 on the pop album charts. In their native Canada, it reached #7 on the album chart. It was quickly certified Gold by the RIAA.
The album's first single, "Blessed Are the Believers", was Murray's sixth #1 Country hit. It also reached #10 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary chart, and #34 on the Billboard Hot 100. "We Don't Have to Hold Out", "Another Sleepless Night" and "It's All I Can Do" were also released as follow-up singles. In the UK the first single was 'Where Do You Go When You Dream" (CL 16192).
Track listing
"Blessed Are the Believers" (Charlie Black, Rory Bourke, Sandy Pinkard) - 2:39
"It Should Have Been Easy" (Bob McDill) - 2:39
"If a Heart Must Be Broken" (Craig Bickhardt) - 2:50
"Bitter They Are, Harder They Fall" (Larry Gatlin) - 2:43
"It's All I Can Do" (Archie Jordan, Richard Leigh) - 2:50
"We Don't Have to Hold Out" (Aidan Mason, Gordon Adams) - 3:39
"Another Sleepless Night" (Black, Bourke) - 3:08
"Where Do You Go When You Dream" (Black, Molly-Ann Leikin) - 3:07
"Call Me with the News" (Black, Kerry Chater, Bourke) - 2:55
"Only Love" (Mason, Adams) - 3:42
Personnel
Anne Murray – lead and backing vocals
Brian Gatto – keyboards (1, 2, 3, 5-8), synthesizers (9, 10)
Doug Riley – keyboards (1, 5, 6, 8)
Pat Riccio, Jr. – keyboards (2, 3, 7, 10), acoustic piano (9)
Mike "Pepe" Frances – guitars (1, 6)
Bob Mann – guitars (1, 5, 6, 8, 9), electric guitar solo (7)
Brian Russell – guitars (1, 2, 3, 5-8)
Aidan Mason – guitars (2, 3, 7, 9, 10)
Sonny Garrish – steel guitar (2, 3)
JayDee Maness – steel guitar (3, 5, 8)
Georges Hébert – guitars (4, 7)
Peter Cardinali – bass (1, 2, 3, 5-10), string arrangements and conductor (2, 3, 7)
Barry Keane – drums (1, 5, 6, 8)
Jørn Andersen – drums (2, 3, 7, 9, 10)
Victor Feldman – percussion (6, 8, 9, 10)
Gerry Niewood – saxophone solo (9)
Rick Wilkins – string arrangements and conductor (1, 5, 6, 8)
Bruce Murray – backing vocals
Deborah Schaal Greimann – backing vocals
Balmur Ltd. – executive producer, management
Jim Ed Norman – producer
Ken Friesen – engineer
Graham Duff – assistant engineer
Fraser Hill – assistant engineer
Ken Perry – mastering at Capitol Mastering (Hollywood, California)
Paul Cade – art direction, design
Bob Karman – illustration
Bill Langstroth – photography
Gord Marci – photography
Hunter Brown Ltd. – typesetting
Leonard T. Rambeau – management
Chart performance
References
1981 albums
Anne Murray albums
Capitol Records albums
Albums produced by Jim Ed Norman
Fiorella Betti (1927–2001) was an Italian actor. They were also a voice actor, dubbing a number of actores in postwar Italian films.
Selected filmography
Captain Fracasse (1940)
Sleeping Beauty (1942)
The Champion (1943)
Lost in the Dark (1947)
Eleven Men and a Ball (1948)
Tragic Spell (1951)
VIP my Brother Superman (1968)
References
Bibliography
Roberto Chiti & Roberto Poppi. I film: Tutti i film italiani dal 1930 al 1944. Gremese Editore, 2005.
External links
1927 births
2001 deaths
Italian voice actores
Italian film actores
Actresses from Rome
The men's 3000 metres event at the 1998 European Athletics Indoor Championships was held on 27 February–1 March.
Medalists
Results
Heats
First 4 from each heat (Q) and the next 4 fastest (q) qualified for the final.
Final
References
3000 metres at the European Athletics Indoor Championships
3000
Edward Ludlow Wetmore (March 24, 1841 – January 19, 1922) was a Canadian judge and politician.
Born in Fredericton, New Brunswick, the son of Charles Peters Wetmore and Sarah Burr Ketchum, they received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of New Brunswick in 1859. They were called to the New Brunswick bar in 1864. From 1874 to 1876, they were the mayor of Fredericton. They were elected to Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick and was Leader of the Opposition from 1883 to 1886. In 1886, they were appointed to the Supreme Court of New Brunswick.
In 1887, they were appointed puisne judge of the first Supreme Court of the Northwest Territories and in 1907 they were appointed the
first Chief Justice of Saskatchewan. They served in this position until 1912.
In 1907, they became the first Chancellor of the University of Saskatchewan and served in this position until 1917.
They died in Victoria, British Columbia on January 19, 1922.
References
1841 births
1922 deaths
Canadian university and college chancellors
Mayors of Fredericton
Members of the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
Judges in Saskatchewan
University of New Brunswick alumni
Colony of New Brunswick people
Judges in New Brunswick
Judges in the Northwest Territories
University of Saskatchewan faculty
Bhai Bahen is a 1950 Bollywood musical film directed by Ram Daryani. The film was made under the banner of Krishna movies and had music direction by Shyam Sunder. The film starred Geeta Bali, Nirupa Roy, Prem Adib, Bharat Bhushan, Gope, Jeevan and Cuckoo.
Cast
Geeta Bali
Bharat Bhushan
Nirupa Roy
Prem Adib
Gope
Jeevan
Cuckoo
K. N. Singh
Yashodhra Katju
References
External links
1950 films
1950s Hindi-language films
1950 musical films
Indian musical films
Indian black-and-white films
Marek Daćko (born 29 March 1991) is a Polish handball player for NMC Górnik Zabrze and the Polish national team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
1991 births
Living people
People from Bartoszyce
Polish male handball players
Don Barton (May 29, 1930 – July 16, 2006) was a former halfback in the National Football League.
Biography
They were born Don Reid Barton in Cisco, Texas.
Career
Don played with the Green Bay Packers during the 1953 NFL season and wore number 43. They played at the collegiate level at the University of Texas at Austin.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1930 births
2006 deaths
People from Cisco, Texas
Green Bay Packers players
American football halfbacks
Texas Longhorns football players
{{Album ratings
| rev1 = Allmusic
| rev1Score =
| rev2 = The Encyclopedia of Popular Music| rev2Score =
| rev3 = The Rolling Stone Record Guide| rev3Score =
}}The Early Beatles is the Beatles' sixth album released on Capitol Records, and their eighth album overall for the American market. All of the tracks on this album had previously been issued on the early 1964 Vee-Jay Records release Introducing... The Beatles. The front cover photo for this album features the same back cover photo for the British LP Beatles for Sale.
The album is included in Robert Christgau's "Basic Record Library" of 1950s and 1960s recordings, published in Christgau's Record Guide: Rock Albums of the Seventies (1981).
Background
Vee-Jay Records had gained American distribution rights to the tracks on this album before the group became popular in America (because Capitol Records, the US subsidiary of EMI which owned the Beatles' record label Parlophone, had declined to release the group's records in America), and their releases had initially failed to chart. But after the group became famous, Vee-Jay, still holding the rights to the early material, was able to reissue them in America and this time the records sold in the millions. Capitol filed a lawsuit attempting to stop Vee Jay from distributing the tracks, but was unsuccessful. In October 1964, Vee-Jay's license to distribute the Beatles recordings they possessed expired, thus giving Capitol the distribution rights for the tracks on the album.
Release and reception
Although Vee-Jay had compiled four albums, ten singles and one EP in the space of just fifteen months from these Beatles tracks, when issued by Capitol, The Early Beatles sold well, but its highest chart position was only number 43, making it the only original Beatles album issued by Capitol or United Artists Records not to reach numbers 1 or 2 in America (with the exception of the Capitol documentary album, The Beatles' Story, which peaked at number 7). Capitol did little to promote The Early Beatles since the label merely viewed it as a replacement for Introducing...The Beatles, rather than a "new" Beatles album. The Early Beatles was certified Gold ($1 million in sales) on 8 January 1974 and Platinum (1 million copies sold) on 10 January 1997 by the RIAA. The album was released in both mono and stereo versions. As no stereo masters of "Love Me Do" and "P.S. I Love You" exist, Capitol used EMI's duophonic mixes of both songs. The mono pressing of the album was made with a two-to-one fold-down of the stereo tapes, as evidenced by John and Paul's vocal collision and chuckle heard in the third verse of "Please Please Me". The original mix on the UK mono issue of the Please Please Me album uses an edit to correct the mistake, while the stereo version of the same album does not. So the existence of the vocal error in a mono mix is unique to The Early Beatles as well as a short-lived Capitol Starline 45 rpm single released in October, 1965 and deleted only two months later.
Compact discThe Early Beatles is available on compact disc as part of The Capitol Albums, Volume 2 boxed set (catalogue number CDP 0946 3 57498 2 3), in both its original stereo and mono fold-down Capitol mixes. A second CD version of The Early Beatles with the songs in both stereo and true mono was issued in 2014 individually and part of the Beatles The U.S. Albums boxed set.
Personnel
John Lennon – rhythm guitar, acoustic guitar, harmonica, vocals
Paul McCartney – bass guitar, vocals
George Harrison – lead guitar, acoustic guitar, vocals
Ringo Starr – drums, tambourine, maracas
Andy White – drums on Love Me Do and P.S. I Love You
George Martin – celesta on Baby It's You
Track listing
The album consists of eleven of the fourteen tracks from the Beatles' first American album Introducing...The Beatles as well as their first British LP Please Please Me''. All songs written by Lennon-McCartney except where noted.
Side one
"Love Me Do" – 2:23
"Twist and Shout" (Phil Medley and Bert Russell) – 2:33
"Anna (Go to Him)" (Arthur Alexander) – 3:00
"Chains" (Gerry Goffin and Carole King) – 2:27
"Boys" (Luther Dixon and Wes Farrell) – 2:25
"Ask Me Why" – 2:28
Side two
"Please Please Me" – 2:00
"P.S. I Love You" – 2:05
"Baby It's You" (Burt Bacharach, Mack David, and Luther Dixon, credited as Barney Williams) – 2:38
"A Taste of Honey" (Ric Marlow and Bobby Scott) – 2:04
"Do You Want to Know a Secret" – 1:59
Remaining Vee-Jay tracks issued on LP by Capitol in the US
Charts and certifications
Chart performance
Certifications
Notes
References
Albums produced by George Martin
The Beatles compilation albums
1965 compilation albums
Capitol Records compilation albums
State of Divinity is a Taiwanese television series adapted from Louis Cha's novel The Smiling, Proud Wanderer. It was first broadcast on CTV in Taiwan in 2000.
Cast
Richie Ren as Linghu Chong
Anita Yuen as Ren Yingying
Vivian Chen as Yue Lingshan
Leanne Liu as Dongfang Bubai
David Chiang as Qu Yang
Norman Chui as Xiang Wentian
Chang Fu-chien as Liu Zhengfeng
Ku Kuan-chung as Zuo Lengshan
Lee Li-chun as Ren Woxing
Ma Chi-chin as Dingyi
Sun Xing as Tian Boguang
Chu Chung-heng as Lu Dayou
Tsai Tsan-te as Yilin
Song Ta-ming as Lin Pingzhi
Li Chih-hsi as Yang Lianting
Tieh Meng-chiu as Lüzhuweng
Chang Li-wei as Peach Flower Immortal
Yu Wen-chung as Feng Qingyang
Chen Baoguo as Lin Zhennan
Yue Yaoli as Yue Buqun
Liu Li-li as Ning Zhongze
Pan Hung as Yu Canghai
Chen Zihan as Lan Fenghuang
Tu Peng as Lao Denuo
Liu Jia as Lin Zhennan's wife
Ch'ang Ju-yen as Dingxian
K'ung Ching-shan as Peach Leaf Immortal
Liu Ch'ang-sheng as Fangzheng
Hsia Te-sheng as Elder Monk
Yuen Hung-chi as Shangguan Yun
Chao Wen-liang as Huang Zhonggong
Hou Chun as Heibaizi
Tsao Pao-yeh as Tubiweng
Wu Chen-su as Danqingsheng
They Chiang as Mu Gaofeng
Wang Chien-hung as Lan Yi
Li Hung-wei as Zhong Zhen
Sun Nien-pin as Adviser Yi
Lo Cheng-yen as Wang Yuanba
Chao Kai as Wang Jiajun
Fu Hung-chin as Zu Qianqiu
Tang Yung-te as Laotouzi
Wang Piao as Long-haired Monk
Yen Mei as Single-eyed Woman
Fu Hui as You Xun
External links
Works based on The Smiling, Proud Wanderer
2000 Taiwanese television series debuts
Taiwanese wuxia television series
Television series set in Imperial China
2000s Taiwanese television series
Television shows based on works by Jin Yong
The American Pharoah Stakes is an American Thoroughbred horse race run annually near the end of September during the fall meet at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California. A Grade I event, it is open to two-year-old horses and is held at a distance of one and one-sixteenth miles on the dirt.
The American Pharoah Stakes was run as the Norfolk Stakes through 2011. In 2012, it was renamed to the FrontRunner Stakes after the lease with Oak Tree, the organization that formerly operated Santa Anita's fall meet, ended in 2010. It was renamed again in 2018 in honor of its 2014 winner, American Pharoah, who went on to win the U.S. Triple Crown in 2015.
This race is a Road to the Kentucky Derby Prep Season qualifying race. The winner receives 10 points toward qualifying for the Kentucky Derby. It is also currently part of the Breeders' Cup Challenge series. The winner automatically qualifies for the Breeders' Cup Juvenile.
First run in 1970, it became a Grade I event in 1980 but was downgraded to Grade II status in 1993. However, the American Graded Stakes Committee announced its return to Grade I status for 2007.
The race was run over a distance of 1 mile from 1997 through 2001. It was run in two divisions in 1980.
Records
Speed record: (at current distance of 1 miles)
1:41.27 - Ruler's Court (2003)
Most wins by a jockey:
7 - Alex Solis (1985, 1991, 1999, 2001, 2003, 2005, 2008)
Most wins by a trainer:
10 - Bob Baffert (1997, 2000, 2002, 2004, 2009, 2012, 2014, 2018, 2019, 2021)
Most wins by an owner:
3 - Golden Eagle Farm (1990, 1992, 1997)
Winners
‡ In 2010 run at Hollywood Park.
See also
Road to the Kentucky Derby
References
1970 establishments in California
Horse races in California
Santa Anita Park
Flat horse races for two-year-olds
Breeders' Cup Challenge series
Grade 1 stakes races in the United States
Graded stakes races in the United States
Recurring sporting events established in 1970
WSBT (960 kHz, "Sports Radio 960") is a commercial radio station in South Bend, Indiana, which airs a sports radio format. It is owned by Mid-West Family Broadcasting, with studios and offices on East Monroe Street in downtown South Bend.
WSBT broadcasts at 5,000 watts, using different day and night directional antenna patterns to protect other stations on AM 960. The transmitter site is located in the southern portion of South Bend, off Ironwood Road. With a good radio, WSBT's signal can be picked up from Lake Michigan to Fort Wayne.
WSBT is not licensed to broadcast a digital HD signal.
Programming
WSBT is the flagship station for University of Notre Dame football and men's basketball, as well as the South Bend Cubs. Currently, only one non-sports talk show is carried, the syndicated Dave Ramsey Show in late afternoons.
History
On December 1, 1921, the U.S. Department of Commerce, in charge of radio at the time, adopted a regulation formally establishing a broadcasting station category, which set aside the wavelength of 360 meters (833 kHz) for entertainment broadcasts, and 485 meters (619 kHz) for farm market and weather reports. On June 29, 1922, the South Bend Tribune was issued a license for a new station on the shared 360 meter "entertainment" wavelength. The original call letters, WGAZ, were randomly assigned from a sequential roster of available call signs, and the station was one of 19 new stations that month that were issued call signs starting with "WGA". Because South Bend was the home of the Studebaker automobile company, it was suggested that "World's Greatest Automotive Zone" was an appropriate slogan based on these call letters. WGAZ was South Bend's second commercial radio station, after WBAQ, licensed to Myron L. Harmon and located at the YMCA building, which was first licensed on April 29, 1922, and deleted on November 7, 1922.
WGAZ made its formal debut broadcast starting at 7:30 p.m. on July 3, 1922. The program, "given through the courtesy of the Ries Furniture Company", featured local musical performers. On September 9, 1925, the call letters became WSBT, reflecting its ownership by the South Bend Tribune. Throughout the 1920s, WSBT was assigned to various transmitting frequencies, until November 11, 1928, when, as part of a nationwide reallocation under the provisions of the Federal Radio Commission's General Order 40, the station was assigned to 1230 kHz on a timesharing basis with WFBM in Indianapolis and WCWK in Fort Wayne.
Starting in 1932 WSBT was a CBS Radio Network affiliate, carrying dramas, comedies, news, sports, soap operas, game shows and big band broadcasts during the "Golden Age of Radio". The station moved to 1360 kHz in 1934, with a power of 500 watts. In 1940, WSBT moved again, to 930 kHz, which ended its timesharing with WGES in Chicago on its old frequency. One condition of this reassignment was that the Tribune end operation of a companion station, WFAM on 1200 kHz. With the implementation of North American Regional Broadcasting Agreement (NARBA) in March 1941, stations on 930 kHz, including WSBT, moved to 960 kHz. In 1942 the transmitter power was increased to 1,000 watts, and in 1947 WSBT increased its power to the current 5,000-watt output.
WSBT-FM and WSBT-TV
There have been two different FM stations that have had the call letters WSBT-FM. On May 24, 1940, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced the establishment, effective January 1, 1941, of an FM radio band operating on 40 channels spanning 42–50 MHz. The Construction Permit assigned to the Tribune specified operation on 47.1 MHz, and the call sign W71SB. However, W71SB's co-ownership with the Tribune resulted in a delay, after the FCC began an investigation as to whether newspaper ownership of radio stations should be restricted. Thus, W71SB was one of six stations that was under the stipulation "that no construction facilities shall be undertaken or completed until the Commission has acted on the general newspaper-ownership question". On June 9, 1941, W71SB's construction permit was reinstated, pending the outcome of the newspaper ownership review, and the station began broadcasting in May 1943.
The FCC later modified its rules for FM station call signs, and on November 1, 1943, W71SB became WSBF. After the FM band was moved to 88-108 MHz, WSBF was reassigned to 101.3 MHz. In 1949 the call letters were changed again, to WSBT-FM. This original WSBT-FM discontinued operations at midnight on January 31, 1950, and turned its license in for cancellation. Station manager Robert H. Swinrz noted that, a year after WSBT-FM had begun fulltime duplication of WSBT programming, "a survey had shown that only a comparatively few radio owners have facilities for FM reception and only a negligible number listen to FM for more than a short time daily".
On December 22, 1952, WSBT-TV first signed on, originally on channel 34, and later moving to channel 22. WSBT-TV was one of the first stations to broadcast on the newly created UHF band, thus most existing TV sets, which were designed only for reception on the original VHF band, needed a converter installed before they could pick up its signals. Because the AM station was a CBS Radio affiliate, WSBT-TV was primarily affiliated with CBS Television.
A second WSBT-FM, this time on 101.5 MHz, was later authorized, and, twelve years after the original WSBT-FM shut down, started broadcasting on August 12, 1962. At first it simulcast WSBT. In the late 1960s, WSBT-FM began separate programming, airing beautiful music. In 1984, the station switched to locally programmed Adult Contemporary music, with the call letters becoming WNSN, as "Sunny 101.5".
Talk and sports
As network programming moved to TV, WSBT switched to a full service middle of the road format of popular music, news and sports. When music listening switched from AM to FM, WSBT began adding more talk programming and reducing music. By the 1990s, the station was all talk, sports and news. Then as the station moved through the 2010s, WSBT shifted to more sports programming, with the talk shows reduced.
Schurz Communications announced on September 14, 2015, that it would exit broadcasting and sell its television and radio stations, including WSBT, to Gray Television for $442.5 million. The sale, which ended 93 years of ownership by the company, separated WSBT radio from both the South Bend Tribune (which Schurz initially kept), and WSBT-TV (which was sold separately due to Gray's existing ownership of WNDU-TV). Though Gray initially intended to keep Schurz' radio stations, on November 2, it announced that Mid-West Family Broadcasting would acquire WSBT and Schurz' other South Bend radio stations for $5.5 million. The sale to Mid-West was consummated on February 16, 2016.
On January 10, 1994, WSBT Radio debut a daily sports talk show with Tom Denin and John Fineran. Today the show airs from 5-7pm(ET) with Darin Pritchett as the host. The show focus on local sports, specifically Notre Dame athletics.
FM translator
On March 30, 2012, WSBT began broadcasting on an FM translator (W241AD) at 96.1 MHz in South Bend. The translator had previously been owned and operated by Friends of Christian Radio, Inc. and repeated the Christian Contemporary programming of 104.7 WFRN-FM in Elkhart. It served mainly to fill in the gaps in WSBT's nighttime signal. WSBT changes to a different directional pattern after sunset, resulting in marginal nighttime coverage outside St. Joseph County.
On June 28, 2021, W241AD dropped its simulcast with WSBT (leaving WSBT as AM only) and launched a country music format, branded as "96.1 The Ton", with WQLQ-HD3 as the originating station.
Past and present personalities
Darin Pritchett
John Hoffman
Jim Irizarry
Tim Grauel
Past local personalities have included:
Jon Thompson ("J.T.") was the longtime morning host. Their last broadcast was on March 2, 2018
Denis Prior and Shelli Harmon hosts of the "Noon News".
Bob Lux (news)
Eric Hansen
Joan Swanson
Brett Kuntz
Chuck Whittaker (production director/fill-in)
Bruce Kayser
John Patrick Gall (News Director/news anchor)
Joe Kelly (Program Director)
Bruce Saunders (Weather)
Joe Boland (sportscaster); founder of the Irish Football Network
Past marketing campaigns and promotions
WSBT Salute to Summer Broadcasts: Station personalities would broadcast live from sponsor locations and community events, often serving hot dogs and other snacks courtesy of Martin's Supermarkets.
Wizzbit: This was a phrase used for various contests.
Here's the Recipe for a Great Radio Station...: A marketing slogan used in claymation television commercials to promote WSBT's programming and personalities. A claymation chef would stand in front of a large mixing bowl, and add various "ingredients" to create WSBT.
See also
WSBT-TV
References
External links
WSBT Radio
FCC History Cards for WSBT (covering 1922-1980 as WGAZ / WSBT)
"WGAZ/WSBT Station records" (collection 0169-MMC), University of Maryland Archival Collections.
Radio stations established in 1922
1922 establishments in Indiana
SBT (AM)
Radio stations licensed before 1923 and still broadcasting
CBS Sports Radio stations
ESPN Radio stations
Fox Sports Radio stations
Sports radio stations in the United States
Takme Buda (; alternative spelling: Takme Budha) is a fictional character on the NTV-produced television series Meri Bassai.  They are portrayed by comedian actor Wilson Bikram Rai.
 They are an old Gurkha war veteran Limbu man who has fought World War I and often tells their story to other people about how they survived in the war. They belong to Rai and Limbu both community because their father is Rai and Mother was Limbu. they perform as a veteran Limbu soldier imitating the Limbu ascent to entertain spectators in Meri Bassai,a television program. Their tone tallies with Limbu mother language speaking people in the television show .
References
Television characters introduced in 2012
The Port Townsend Writers' Conference was founded in 1974 by novelist Bill Ransom. It is held every summer at Fort Worden State Park, within the city limits of Port Townsend, on the inner tip of the Olympic Peninsula in Washington state. The conference is presented by Centrum, the multidisciplinary arts organization that also presents Jazz Port Townsend, the Festival of American Fiddle Tunes, and other week-long and weekend workshops and festivals.
The Conference features morning workshops in literary fiction, non-fiction, and poetry, and afternoon workshops in a wide variety of literary topics. Annual attendance averages 200 writers. Numerous readings, craft lectures, special events, and guided freewrites are a part of the Conference. in addition to founder Ransom, other program directors have included Jim Heynen, Carol Jane Bangs, Sam Hamill, Carla Vander Ven, and Jordan Hartt.
Noted authors who have been associated with the Port Townsend Writers' Conference over the years include Margaret Atwood, Raymond Carver, Alice Walker, Leslie Marmon Silko, Ken Kesey, Carolyn Forché, Belle Randall, Barry Lopez, Tom Robbins, Sam Hamill, Marvin Bell, Sherman Alexie, David Guterson, Terry Tempest Williams and Frank Herbert.
References
Writers' conferences
Chi (Italian for "Who") is an Italian weekly gossip magazine geared towards a female viewership published in Milan, Italy.
History and profile
Chi was established in 1995. The magazine, published weekly, is based in Segrate, Milan. The publisher of the weekly is Arnoldo Mondadori Editore. The company is headed by Marina Berlusconi, Silvio Berlusconi's older daughter. Alfonso Signorini is the editor of the weekly.
In 2004 the circulation of Chi was 524,482 copies. The magazine had a circulation of 503,984 copies in 2007. In 2010 its circulation was 403,599 copies.
Photo of Diana, Princess of Wales
The magazine came under criticism for publishing a picture of Diana, Princess of Wales, taken as they were dying. The photo, which is black-and-white, depicts Diana receiving oxygen in the wreckage of the vehicle in which they died on 31 August 1997. The picture was taken from the book Lady Diana : L'enquete criminelle by Jean-Michel Caradec'h. Despite the criticism, the editor of the magazine defended their decision to publish it.
Duchess of Cambridge Photos
On 17 September 2012, the magazine published unauthorized photographs of the Duchess of Cambridge, wife of Britain's Prince William. The photos were said to have featured 26 photos of Kate Middleton "in and out of a bikini" while specifically featuring three topless photos of them The nude photos were to be on the cover of Chi magazine for the week of 16 September 2012 featuring the caption "The Queen is Nude!".
On 12 February 2013, it was widely reported that the magazine had obtained more unauthorized photographs of Kate Middleton, this time of them on a private holiday in the Caribbean whilst pregnant, and plans to publish them. St James's Palace condemned the magazine for infringing on the Duchess' privacy. Indeed, the magazine did publish the photographs the following day.
See also
List of magazines in Italy
References
External links
Chi: a completely new magazine hits newsstands, press release announcing the new publication
1995 establishments in Italy
Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
Celebrity magazines
Italian-language magazines
Magazines established in 1995
Magazines published in Milan
Weekly magazines published in Italy
Women's magazines published in Italy
Kurahashi (written: ) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
, Japanese swimmer
, Japanese singer-songwriter
, Japanese writer
Fictional characters
, a character in the anime series Terror in Resonance
, a character in the manga series Assassination Classroom
, a character in the manga series Love Lab
Japanese-language surnames
The 1991 NCAA Division I Indoor Track and Field Championships were contested to determine the individual and team national champions of men's and women's NCAA collegiate indoor track and field events in the United States, the 27th annual for men and 9th annual for women.
The championships were again held at the Hoosier Dome in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Seven-time defending champions Arkansas claimed the men's team title, the Razorbacks' eighth title and the eighth of twelve straight titles.
LSU won the women's team title, the Lady Tigers' third team title and third in five years.
Qualification
All teams and athletes from Division I indoor track and field programs were eligible to compete for this year's individual and team titles.
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
Scoring: 6 points for a 1st-place finish in an event, 4 points for 2nd, 3 points for 3rd, 2 points for 4th, and 1 point for 5th
(DC) = Defending Champions
Men's title
60 teams scored at least one point
Women's title
39 teams scored at least one point
References
NCAA Indoor Track and Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
Ncaa Indoor Track And Field Championships
Wadi Abdoun Bridge is a bridge in Amman, Jordan. The only cable-stayed bridge in the country, it crosses the Wadi Abdoun. The building of the bridge commenced on 14 December 2002 and it was opened on 14 December 2006 and was built by Larsen & Toubro Limited, an Indian multinational company. It is part of Amman's Beltway project and links South Amman to the 4th Circle and Zahran Street.
Design
The bridge has three Y-shaped towers to make two equal main spans of 134 meters in length. The bridge deck is shaped like an S-curve to aid in connecting to the adjoining roadways and the stays form a harp arrangement. The project was delayed by one year due to its technical complication and few incidents during construction. The structural designer, Dar Al-Handasah, won a commendation award in 2007 from the Institution of Structural Engineers for this bridge.
References
See also
4th Circle
List of the tallest buildings in Amman
Bridges in Jordan
Buildings and structures in Amman
Bridges completed in 2006
2006 establishments in Jordan
Cable-stayed bridges
Laura Wolvaardt (born 26 April 1999) is a South African cricketer who currently plays for Western Province, Adelaide Strikers, Northern Superchargers and South Africa. They play as a right-handed opening batter. They have previously played for Brisbane Heat.
Career
Domestic
Aged 13, Wolvaardt was selected to play for the Western Province U-19 girls' team. In October 2013, they made their first appearance for the Western Province senior team in a Twenty20 match against Boland women, scoring 13 runs from 18 balls. They made their limited overs cricket debut for Western Province in a November 2013 match against Boland, scoring 4 from 14 balls. They were the top scorer in the 2013 Cricket South Africa Under 19 Girls Week, and competed again in 2014 representing Western Province. Wolvaardt scored 46 in Western Province's final match of the 2015/16 Women's Provincial League, as they won the title for the fourth consecutive year.
In November 2017, they were named in Brisbane Heat's squad for the 2017–18 Women's Big Bash League season. In November 2018, they were named in Brisbane Heat's squad for the 2018–19 Women's Big Bash League season. They played for the Heat in their final against Sydney Sixers. Heat won the match to win the title.
Laura continued their appearances in the WBBL after signing with the Adelaide Strikers for the 2020–21 and 2021–22 Australian summer seasons.
In September 2019, they were named in the Terblanche XI squad for the inaugural edition of the Women's T20 Super League in South Africa. In 2021, they were drafted by Northern Superchargers for the inaugural season of The Hundred. In April 2022, they were bought by the Northern Superchargers for the 2022 season of The Hundred.
International
In December 2013, 13-year-old Wolvaardt was invited to play for a South Africa Women's U-19 invitational team. They were later named the 2013 Cricket South Africa under-19 female cricketer of the year. Wolvaardt has captained the South Africa Women's U-19 side, and in February 2016, they made their Women's One Day International debut in the opening match of a three-match series against England aged 16. In the second match of the series, they scored their maiden half century in a 114-run partnership with Trisha Chetty. They also played in a match against West Indies, and scored 10 in an opening partnership of 33 runs.
In August 2016, Wolvaardt became the youngest centurion, male or female, for South Africa in international cricket. As a 17-year-old, the opener struck a match-winning 105 against Ireland Women to wrap up a 67-run victory in Malahide, Ireland.
In May 2017, they were named Women's Newcomer of the Year at Cricket South Africa's annual awards. In March 2018, they were one of fourteen players to be awarded a national contract by Cricket South Africa ahead of the 2018–19 season. In October 2018, they were named in South Africa's squad for the 2018 ICC Women's World Twenty20 tournament in the West Indies. Ahead of the tournament, they were named as the player to watch in the team. In January 2020, they were named in South Africa's squad for the 2020 ICC Women's T20 World Cup in Australia. On 23 July 2020, Wolvaardt was named in South Africa's 24-woman squad to begin training in Pretoria, ahead of their planned tour to England.
In February 2022, they were named in South Africa's team for the 2022 Women's Cricket World Cup in New Zealand.
In May 2022, they played seven matches for the Barmy Army team at the 2022 FairBreak Invitational T20 in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. During the Invitational, they scored a total of 186 runs at a strike rate of 116.25, including two fifties.
In June 2022, Wolvaardt was named in South Africa's Women's Test squad for their one-off match against England Women. They made their Test debut on 27 June 2022, for South Africa against England. In July 2022, they were named in South Africa's team for the cricket tournament at the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, England.
One Day International centuries
Honours
In July 2020, they were named South Africa's Women's Cricketer of the Year at Cricket South Africa's annual awards ceremony. At the 2021 ICC Awards, they were named in the ICC Women's T20I Team of the Year.
Personal life
Wolvaardt graduated from Parklands College in 2017 with 7 Distinctions, ranking top in their class. Simultaneously they served as Head-Prefect alongside the other Head-Prefect, Connor Fick.
See also
List of centuries in women's One Day International cricket
References
External links
The Final Word Podcast: Interview of Laura Wolvaardt (21 July 2022) – on Apple Podcasts, on Google Podcasts, on Spotify and on YouTube
1999 births
Living people
South African women cricketers
South Africa women Test cricketers
South Africa women One Day International cricketers
South Africa women Twenty20 International cricketers
Western Province women cricketers
Adelaide Strikers (WBBL) cricketers
Brisbane Heat (WBBL) cricketers
Northern Superchargers cricketers
IPL Velocity cricketers
Cricketers from the Western Cape
Cricketers at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
Commonwealth Games competitors for South Africa
Dominique Lokoli (born 29 January 1952) is a French former professional footballer who played as a defender.
Career
Born in Rouen, Lokoli began their football career at AS Choisy-le-Roi, a club located in the southeastern suburbs of Paris. In 1974, the right-sided defender joined a professional football club at age 22, and would appear in 148 competitive matches during five seasons with Paris Saint-Germain. Their teammates gave them the nickname "Bip-Bip", a reference to the Warner Bros. Road Runner, for their pace. They left PSG for Division 1 rivals Nancy, and would finish their career with Auxerre, Reims and Montélimar.
Personal life
Lokoli is the father of French tennis player, Laurent Lokoli.
References
External links
Profile at ASNL.net
Profile at PSG70
1952 births
Living people
Footballers from Rouen
French footballers
French sportspeople of Democratic Republic of the Congo descent
AS Choisy-le-Roi players
Paris Saint-Germain F.C. players
Stade de Reims players
AJ Auxerre players
AS Nancy Lorraine players
Association football defenders
Ligue 1 players
Ligue 2 players
Black French sportspeople
Salisbury Town Hall is a historic municipal building at Maple and Prospect streets in Salisbury, Vermont. Built in 1869, it is a fine local example of Greek Revival architecture, and has served the rural community in a variety of ways: as town hall, library, and as educational facility. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1995.
Description and history
The former Salisbury Town Hall stands in the rural village center of the town, at the southwest corner of Maple Run Road and Prospect Street. It is a -story wood-frame structure, with a gabled roof, clapboarded exterior, and marble foundation. Its front facade is distinguished by its central entrance, which is set in a deep recess taking up the central portion of the three-bay facade. The building corners have pilasters rising to a broad entablature, with a fully pedimented gable above that has an oculus window at its center. The interior of the hall is reflective of a major early 20th-century renovation, which included adding a second story. The ground floor houses what was historically office space, with an auditorium on the second floor.
The hall was built in 1869 as a single-story building. The town had decided in 1857 to build one, but was delayed in building it by the American Civil War. It underwent a major renovation in 1908, at which time the roof was raised and the second story added, and most previous interior details were lost. It underwent further work in 1948, after it was damaged by fire. In the 1970s and 1980s the building housed the public library on the ground floor, with the auditorium space on the second floor used as a gymnasium by the local school.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Addison County, Vermont
References
Government buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places in Addison County, Vermont
Greek Revival architecture in Vermont
Buildings and structures completed in 1869
Buildings and structures in Salisbury, Vermont
Saccolabiopsis rectifolia, commonly known as the tiny pitcher orchid, is an epiphytic orchid from the family Orchidaceae. It has a short stem, thin roots, between three and six crowded leaves and up to fifteen cup-shaped green flowers with a white, purple spotted labellum. It grows on the thinnest outer branches of rainforest trees in tropical North Queensland, Australia.
Description
Saccolabiopsis rectifolia is a tiny epiphytic herb with a single main growth, thin roots and an unbranched stem long. There are between three and six crowded, thin, light green to yellowish leaves long and wide. Between four and fifteen cup-shaped, resupinate green flowers about long and wide are arranged on a thin flowering stem long. The sepals and petals are about long and wide. The labellum is white with purple spots, about long and wide with a beak-like tip and a nectar bearing spur. Flowering occurs from June to August.
Taxonomy and naming
The tiny pitcher orchid was first formally described in 1967 by Alick William Dockrill and given the name Robiquetia rectifolia. The description was published in Australasian Sarcanthinae. In 1972, Leslie Andrew Garay changed the name to Saccolabiopsis rectifolia. The specific epithet (rectifolia) is derived from the Latin words rectus meaning "straight", "upright", "proper" or "right" and folia meaning "leaves".
Distribution and habitat
Saccolabiopsis rectifolia grows on the thinnest outer branches of rainforest trees between the Russell and Johnstone Rivers in Queensland.
References
Aeridinae
Epiphytic orchids
Endemic orchids of Australia
Orchids of Queensland
Plants described in 1967
Bilsko is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Bilsko
Sine is an unincorporated community in Grays Harbor County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Sine was established in 1905, and remained in operation until 1910. The community has the name of Jackson Sine, an early settler.
References
Unincorporated communities in Grays Harbor County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
Something Changed is a Big Finish original anthology edited by Simon Guerrier, featuring Bernice Summerfield, a character from the spin-off media based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.
Stories
External links
Big Finish Productions - Something Changed
Bernice Summerfield novels
2006 anthologies
Rоban or Rоbana (Sinhalese: රබාන) is one-sided traditional drum type played with the hands, used in Sri Lanka.Its mainly played in Aurudu Kreeda (The Srilankan New Year). The body of these drums are made by carving the Jack or Vitex trees. The skin used is that of a goat. There are two types of Robans as Hand Roban and Bench Roban.
Hand Roban is about one foot in diameter. Some performers keep revolving the Roban on the tip of their fingers while others play it accompanied with singing. This is played with one hand only. This type of Robana is mostly associated with the type of folk songs called 'Virindu'. The 'Virindu' singer carrying a 'Hand Robana' clad with a sarong and a bandana is an iconic in pre-modern Sri Lankan society.
Bench Roban is the biggest of the drums used in Sri Lanka with the diameter of it about four feet. The special feature of this drum is that it is played by two or more people at a time. They use both hands. During the festival season, people gather around the Roban and play it for various rhythms. These rhythms are called Roban Sural and they're mostly played by women. It's played on every happy occasion. They also sing songs along the rhythm called varang kavi or raban pada. Srilankan folk literature is full of varang kavi and roban pada.
See also
Culture of Sri Lanka
Kandyan dance
References
Dances, Masks and Drums of Sri Lanka, Ranga Dance Ensemble - Sri Lanka
Perpetuating an old craft, Sunday Observer
Hand drums
Sri Lankan music
Football Federation of the 3rd Department Cordillera (Federación de Fútbol Tercer Departamento Cordillera) is the departamental governing body of football (soccer) in the department of Cordillera, in Paraguay. The federation is responsible for the organization of football leagues in the different cities of the department and it is also the regulator of the clubs. The main office of this federation is located in the city of Caacupé.
Tournaments for each league of this federation are played every year to determine the best teams. Afterwards, the champions of each league face each other to determine the best team in the department, with the overall winner being promoted to a higher division in the Paraguayan football league system.
Leagues in Cordillera
Liga Alteña de Fútbol
The Liga Alteña de Fútbol is based in the city of Altos. The following teams are part of this league:
Porvenir Alteño
12 de Junio
8 de Setiembre
Libertad
24 de Mayo
Independiente
Sol de Mayo FBC
14 de Mayo
Sportivo Acosta Ñú
General Aquino
Juventud Unido
1 de Marzo
Guaraní
Juventud Guaraní
1 de Mayo
Sportivo Ytagasa
General Bernardino Caballero
Liga Arroyense de Fútbol
The Liga Arroyense de Fútbol is based in the city of Arroyos y Esteros. The following teams are part of this league:
A.S. Manduvirá
Paraguayos Unidos
General Díaz
13 de Junio
Guaraní
Cerro Porteño
8 de Diciembre
12 de Junio FBC
Primavera
Sportivo Curupayty
Cabo Luciano Locio
San Luis FBC
Olimpia
Mariscal López
Cerro Corá
27 de Noviembre
12 de Octubre
Tte. Porfirio Saldivar
General B. Caballero FBC
Nacional
26 de Julio
Cabo Jose V. Recalde
Liga Atyreña de Deportes
The Liga Atyreña de Deportes is based in the city of Atyrá. The following teams are part of this league:
4 de Octubre
Sportivo Atyreño
3 de Febrero
Tte. A. Rojas Silva
Coronel Ojeda
6 de Enero
Humaitá FBC
5 de Abril
Nacional
Olimpia
Cerro Porteño
Cerro Corá
29 de Setiembre
16 de Agosto
13 de Junio
Sportivo Primavera
Alianza Central
Capitan Vallejos
3 de Mayo
12 de Agosto
Guaraní FBC
Maracaná
24 de Junio
Liga Barrereña de Deportes
The Liga Barrereña de Deportes is based in the city of Eusebio Ayala. The following teams are part of this league:
Acosta Ñú
Sportivo Barrereña
Sportivo Aguaity
Capitan Garcia Rivardi
Cerro Corá
Flor de Mayo
General Diaz
General Caballero
Libertad
Cnel. Gómez
Sportivo Rubio Ñú
6 de Enero
Curupaity
24 de Mayo
Tte. A. Rojas Silva
Union Pacifico
Presidente Franco
3 de Febrero
24 de Junio
Liga Caacupeña de Deportes
The Liga Caacupeña de Deportes is based in the city of Caacupé. The following teams are part of this league:
15 de Agosto
20 de Julio
1 de Enero
12 de Octubre
Acosta Ñú
25 de Setiembre
12 de Junio
Sportivo Guarani
Tte. Jose M. Fariña
Sportivo Barrio Loma
Sportivo Caacupemi
Tte. Jose Auino
Juventud Cordillerana
Sportivo Costa Alegre
Atletico River Plate
4 de Octubre
6 de Enero
Mariscal Lopez
Sol de Mayo
Union Paraguaya
3 de Mayo
General Diaz
Cerro Cora
Atletico Vista Alegre
Aquidaban
Cerro Cora
Cerro Corona
24 de Mayo
Boca Juniors
13 de Junio
Libertad
Sportivo Guaraní
13 Tuyutí
14 de Mayo
8 de Diciembre
Juventud Cordillerana
15 de Mayo
Sportivo Almadeño
Liga Caraguatay de Deportes
The Liga Caraguatay de Deportes is based in the city of Caraguatay. The following teams are part of this league:
Sportivo Caraguatay
Sportivo Alfonso Loma
Norte América FBC
Comandante Lara
Cordillerano Central
Atlético Independiente
Jovenes Unidos
Mcal. Lopez
27 de Diciembre
3 de Febrero
6 de Julio
12 de Junio FBC
24 de Junio
Guaraní
Liga Deportiva Cerro Corá
The Liga Deportiva Cerro Corá is based in the city of 1 de Marzo. The following teams are part of this league:
Unión Obrera
Sportivo 1 de Marzo
Boquerón
Juventud Unida
Sol de América
Nueva Estrella
General Díaz FBC
Tte. A. Rojas Silva
Nacional FBC
Sportivo Yhaguy
Liga Cordillerana de Deportes
The Liga Cordillerana de Deportes is based in the city of Isla Pucú. The following teams are part of this league:
Sportivo Isla Pucú
Mcal. Lopez
Cerro Cora
Costa Rica
FBC 14 de Mayo
Cerro Leon
15 de Mayo
16 de Agosto
Tuyutí S.D.
24 de Junio
Liga Emboscadeña de Deportes
The Liga Emboscadeña de Deportes is based in the city of Emboscada. The following teams are part of this league:
Guanahani
Sol de América
22 de Setiembre
Cerro Corá
General Genes
S.D. San Agustín
Sportivo Colombia
24 de Junio
S y D 6 de Enero
Liga Deportiva Nueva Colombia
The Liga Deportiva Nueva Colombia is based in the city of Nueva Colombia. The following teams are part of this league:
Juventud Unido
1 de Enero
Mcal. Lopez
6 de Enero
Guaraní
15 de Agosto FBC
Nanawa FBC
Olimpia
Cerro Porteño FC
Union Escobar FBC
Liga Deportiva Piribebuy
The Liga Deportiva Piribebuy is based in the city of Piribebuy. The following teams are part of this league:
12 de Agosto
Humaitá FBC
Atletico Independiente
Cap. Fabriciano Cristaldo
Guaraní
Sol de Mayo
Sportivo Union
Sportivo San Blas
Juventud Cordillerana
Mcal. Estigarribia
13 de Junio
15 de Agosto
3 de Febrero
Liga de Fútbol San Bernardino
The Liga de Fútbol San Bernardino is based in the city of San Bernardino. The following teams are part of this league:
Nacional
Atletico Juventud
24 de Setiembre
12 de Junio
12 de Junio
Sol de Mayo
20 de Julio
Cap. Ferreira
12 de Octubre
3 de Febrero
Atletico 3 de Febrero
Liga Deportiva San José Obrero
The Liga Deportiva San José Obrero is based in the city of San José Obrero. The following teams are part of this league:
Sol de America
4 de Agosto
Deportiv San Jose Obrero
Mayor Infante Rivarola
29 de Junio
Atletico Porvenir
Deportivo Héroes del Chaco
Tte. Chena Molinas
Deportivo Alfonsino
Libertad
Liga Tobateña de Deportes
The Liga Tobateña de Deportes is based in the city of Tobatí. The following teams are part of this league:
Cap. Pedro Juan Caballero
Porvenir
15 de Mayo FBC
Juventud Tobateña
6 de Enero
6 de Enero
Libertad
Teniente Brozzon
Rubio Ñú
4 de Setiembre
Sportivo 4 Vientos
Triunfo
Sportivo 24 de Julio
24 de Mayo
20 de Enero
Liga Deportiva del Yhaguy
The Liga Deportiva del Yhaguy is based in the city of Itacurubí de la Cordillera. The following teams are part of this league:
1 de Enero
Sportivo Santa Clara
5 de Octubre
General Escobar
Capitan Aguilera
Sportivo Valenzolano
Cordillerano
Nacional
Centro Juvenil San Roqueño
30 de Agosto
4 de Julio
External links
UFI Website
Cordillera
Cordillera Department
East Wapei Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. Ram (Sepik) and Wapei (Torricelli) languages are spoken in this LLG.
Wards
01. Kamnom (Awtuw language speakers)
02. Bulwo (Pouye language speakers)
03. Yiklau (Pouye language and Karawa language speakers)
04. Maurom (Pouye language speakers)
05. Kulnom
06. Kweftim
07. Eritei 2
08. Taute
09. Maui/Talbibi
10. Lumi
11. Oute
12. Tabale (Yau language (Torricelli) speakers)
13. Karate
14. Sainde
15. Mabul
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
Francisco Solis (born 12 January 1999) is a Chilean judoka.
 They are the bronze medallist of the 2017 Judo Grand Prix Cancún in the +100 kg category.
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Chilean male judoka
Mojsławice-Kolonia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Villages in Hrubieszów County
Risoba malagasy is a species of moth of the family Nolidae first described by Pierre Viette in 1965. It is found in Toliara in south-west Madagascar.
References
Nolidae
Moths of Madagascar
Moths of Africa
Moths described in 1965
Bjarki Már Elísson (born 16 May 1990) is an Icelandic handball player for Telekom Veszprém and the Icelandic national handball team.
They participated at the 2017 World Men's Handball Championship.
References
External links
Elisson, Bjarki Mar
Elisson, Bjarki Mar
Sportspeople from Reykjavík
Icelandic male handball players
Expatriate handball players
Icelandic expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Icelandic expatriate sportspeople in Hungary
Handball-Bundesliga players
Füchse Berlin Reinickendorf HBC players
UMF Selfoss handball players
Veszprém KC players
This is a list of the tallest buildings in Spain. Since 2008 the tallest building in Spain has been the tall Torre de Cristal in Madrid. In recent years the number of skyscrapers in Spain has significantly grown, out of the buildings in this list just 18 were completed before the year 2000 with all others being completed after that year.
For a list of the tallest architectural structures in Spain, which are not classified as buildings, like chimneys, towers and masts, see list of the tallest structures in Spain.
Tallest completed buildings
This list ranks all finished buildings in Spain that stand at least tall. This includes spires and architectural details but does not include antenna masts. An asterisk (*) indicates that the building is still under construction, but has been topped out.
Tallest under construction or proposed
Under construction
Proposed
Timeline of the tallest buildings
See also
List of the tallest buildings in Barcelona
List of the tallest buildings in Valencia
List of the tallest buildings in Madrid
List of the tallest buildings in Canary Islands
List of the tallest structures in Spain
References
Silverton is an unincorporated community in Snohomish County, in the U.S. state of Washington.
History
A post office called Silverton was established in 1892, and remained in operation until 1945. Silverton was named by the local miners. The Silverton Ranger District, a unit of the Mount Baker National Forest, was established in 1908 and closed in 1936 before the completion of the Mountain Loop Highway. The ranger station was re-used for an educational nature camp, named Camp Silverton, that was operated by private groups and Everett Public Schools until 1997. The camp was demolished in 2019.
References
Unincorporated communities in Snohomish County, Washington
Unincorporated communities in Washington (state)
János Tóth can refer to:
János Tóth (athlete) (born 1978), Hungarian athlete
János Tóth (politician) (1864-1929), Hungarian politician
János Tóth (swimmer) (born 1955), Hungarian swimmer
Samvel Gasparyan is an Armenian weightlifter. They won the gold medal in the men's 102kg event at the 2021 European Weightlifting Championships held in Moscow, Russia.
At the 2019 European Weightlifting Championships held in Batumi, Georgia, they won the silver medal in the men's 102kg event.
They also competed in the men's 102 kg event at the 2021 World Weightlifting Championships held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan.
References
External links
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Place of birth missing (living people)
Armenian male weightlifters
European Weightlifting Championships medalists
Breaking News is a smooth mix of musical genres, melodious interface of the African music form Highlife, with the Jamaican music forms dancehall and reggae as well as the American styling of hip hop. Samini calls this the hybrid world music presentation. Breaking News, also known as the #ThePeoplesAlbum, features top notch artiste like Busy Signal, Popcaan, both from Jamaica and Ice Prince, Tiwa Savage, Stonebwoy, Phyno, Seyi Shay and many more. Credits to the lead guitarist Owura K.
This album was predominantly produced by Brainy Beatz, with additional work from JMJ, Gafacci, Masta Garzy, Musicman TY, Magnom and JR. Three Official Single from the album were officially released, "New Style'", "Violate" ft Popcaan and "Ye Ko Paapi" respectively.
Track listing
References
2015 albums
Dancehall albums
Charles H. Kloth was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.
Outside of their military service, Kloth's life is obscure, but it is known that they were born in Europe, and entered service in Chicago, Illinois. They were awarded the Medal of Honor, for extraordinary heroism shown in Henrico County, Virginia, for bravery in action during the Battle of Vicksburg, while serving as a Private with the Chicago Mercantile Battery in the Illinois Light Artillery on May 22, 1863. Their Medal of Honor was issued on July 20, 1897.
It is not known when Kloth died, or where they were buried.
Medal of Honor citation
References
External links
Date of birth unknown
Date of death unknown
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Foreign-born Medal of Honor recipients
People from Chicago
People of Illinois in the American Civil War
Union Army soldiers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
Strolia is a Lithuanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Mantas Strolia (born 1986), Lithuanian Olympic cross-country skier
Vytautas Strolia (born 1992), Lithuanian Olympic cross-country skier
Lithuanian-language surnames
The Men's 10K race at the 2010 FINA World Open Water Swimming Championships was swum on Sunday, July 18, 2010, in Roberval, Quebec, Canada.
The race began at 11:30 a.m., and was swum in the Lac Saint-Jean in the city centre. 37 men swam the event.
The 10-kilometre distance of the race was reached by completed 4 laps of the 2.5-kilometre course set up for the championships.
Results
All times in hours : minutes : seconds
References
Fina World Open Water Swimming Championships - Mens 10k, 2010
World Open Water Swimming Championships
Erigeron ochroleucus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, called the buff fleabane or buff daisy. It is native to western Canada and the western United States from Alaska and Yukon southeast as far as Colorado and Nebraska.
Erigeron ochroleucus is a biennial or perennial herb up to 35 centimeters (14 inches) tall. The plant generally produces 1-8 flower heads per stem, each head with up to 70 white or pink ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows on open slopes and meadows in sagebrush scrub and conifer forests.
References
Flora of North America
ochroleucus
Plants described in 1840
Ronald Previte (October 9, 1943 – August 21, 2017) was an American corrupt police officer for the Philadelphia Police Department and an informant against the Philadelphia crime family.
Previte was born in 1943, in Philadelphia to Sicilian-American parents, but was raised in Hammonton, New Jersey. Previte joined with the United States Air Force, serving in the Vietnam War, and when they returned, they joined the Philadelphia Police Department. During their time in the police force, Previte extorted traffic violators, shook down restaurant owners, stripped impounded cars, stole from crime scenes and solicited payoffs from bookies and mobsters. Previte was forced to resign from the police force in 1979, and in 1981, began working as a security officer for the Tropicana Casino & Resort Atlantic City where they swiped cash and chips, stole trucks of furniture and bar supplies out of the casino warehouse and money from guests while running prostitutes and poker games out of unoccupied suites.
Previte was arrested for theft in 1985, but the charges were dropped after they agreed to work with New Jersey State Police. In 1992, Previte became an informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation for which they were paid $750,000 between 1992 and 2002. By 1993, Previte was a big earner for the Philadelphia crime family, became a made man, and also became the personal driver for boss John Stanfa. Previte wore a wire for more than two-and-a-half years, recording more than 400 hours of conversations, also testifying during mob trials, which helped convict over 50 mobsters, including Joey Merlino and Ralph Natale. Following the trials, Previte turned down offers for witness relocation, and lived under an assumed name in Hammonton.
Previte is the subject of the 2004 book The Last Gangster by George Anastasia.
Previte died in a Galloway Township, New Jersey hospital on August 21, 2017, of a heart attack, aged 73.
References
1943 births
2017 deaths
American Mafia cooperating witnesses
Federal Bureau of Investigation informants
American gangsters of Sicilian descent
Philadelphia crime family
Philadelphia Police Department officers
People from Philadelphia
People from Hammonton, New Jersey
Military personnel from Philadelphia
United States Air Force personnel of the Vietnam War
Botoroaga is a commune in Teleorman County, Muntenia, Romania. It is composed of five villages: Botoroaga, Călugăru, Târnava, Tunari and Valea Cireșului.
References
Communes in Teleorman County
Localities in Muntenia
Darya Nikolayevna Saltykova (; , Ива́нова; March 11, 1730 – December 27, 1801), commonly known as Saltychikha (), was a Russian noblewoman, sadist, and serial killer from Moscow. They became notorious for torturing and killing many of their serfs, mostly females. Saltykova has been compared by many to the Hungarian "Blood Countess," Elizabeth Báthory (1560-1614), who allegedly committed similar crimes in their home, Čachtice Castle, against servant girls and local serfs, although historians debate the accuracy of these charges.
Early life
Darya Nikolayevna Saltykova was born into a rich and ancient Russian noble family. Them father was Nikolai Avtonomovich Ivanov and their mother Anna Ivanovna Davydova.
Marriage and family
Darya Nikolayevna Saltykova married the nobleman Gleb Alexeyevich Saltykov, uncle of Nikolai Saltykov, member of the famous Saltykov family. They had two sons: Theodore (1750–1801) and Nicholas (1751-1775). Darya Saltykova was widowed in 1755, at the age of 25. With their husband's death, they inherited a substantial estate, where they lived with their two young sons and a great number of serfs.
Sadist and serial killer
Many early complaints to authorities about the deaths at the Saltykova estate were ignored, or resulted in punishment for complaining. Saltykova was well connected with those in power at the Russian royal court and with the Russian nobility. Eventually, relatives of the murdered women were able to bring a petition before Empress Catherine II. Catherine decided to try Saltykova publicly, in order to further their "lawfulness" initiative. Saltykova was arrested in 1762.
Saltykova was held for six years, until 1768, while the authorities conducted a painstaking investigation. Catherine's Collegium of Justice questioned many witnesses and examined the records of the Saltykov estate. The investigating official counted as many as 138 suspicious deaths, of which the vast majority were attributed to Saltykova.
Saltykova was found guilty of having killed 38 female serfs by beating and torturing them to death, but the Empress Catherine was unsure how to punish her; the death penalty was abolished in Russia in 1754, and the new Empress needed the support of the nobility.
Imprisonment and death
In 1768, Saltykova was chained on a public platform in Moscow for one hour, with a sign around their neck with the text: "This woman has tortured and murdered." Many people came to look at them while they were being scornfully ridiculed. Afterward, Saltykova was sent for life imprisonment in the cellar of Ivanovsky Convent in Moscow. Saltykova died on December 9, 1801 and was buried next to their relatives in the Donskoy Monastery necropolis.
See also
Elizabeth Báthory
Elizabeth Branch
Elizabeth Brownrigg
Delphine LaLaurie
Catalina de los Ríos y Lisperguer
List of Russian serial killers
References
1730 births
1801 deaths
18th-century landowners
18th-century women of the Russian Empire
People convicted of murder by Russia
Criminals from Moscow
Prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment by Russia
Russian female serial killers
Russian landowners
Russian murderers of children
Russian people convicted of murder
Russian prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment
Nobility from Moscow
Serial killers who died in prison custody
Kirsten Warner (born 1956) is a New Zealand novelist, poet and journalist. Them debut novel, The Sound of Breaking Glass (2018), won the Hubert Church Best First Book Award for Fiction at the 2019 Ockham New Zealand Book Awards.
Early life and family
Warner was born in Hastings, New Zealand, in 1956. Them father, Gunter Warner, had moved to New Zealand from Germany in May 1939, as a Jewish refugee, and their parents and grandparents were murdered in the Holocaust. They became a schoolteacher in Auckland, and had two sons as well as Warner. Warner intended to write a book from the perspective of the child of a Holocaust survivor for many years; the book ultimately took their ten years to write and another eight years to get published.
Career
For most of their life Warner has worked as a journalist; their articles have been published in The New Zealand Herald, The Listener and other publications. In 1998 they had a short story, "If You Step On A Crack", published in the collection Penguin 25 New Fiction edited by Graham Beattie and Stephanie Johnson. They won the Landfall Essay Competition in 2008.
Them debut novel The Sound of Breaking Glass was published in 2018 by Mākaro Press. The novel is about the experiences of the child of a Holocaust survivor. They had completed the novel, begun years earlier, as part of their Masters of Creative Writing at Auckland University of Technology. It was awarded the Hubert Church Best First Book Award for Fiction at the 2019 Ockham New Zealand Book Awards, with the judges describing it as a "surreal, satirical and deeply moving story of multi-generational trauma". Warner was unable to accept the award in person as they were recovering from a brain aneurysm. The award was accepted on their behalf by their partner and children.
Tina Shaw for Landfall described the novel as being "about the complex issues around survival"; "How do you cope with 'ordinary' life after having lived through the experience of the Holocaust; and how, as Second Generation, do you cope with the residual guilt and anger of that experience?" Catherine Robertson, reviewing the book for The New Zealand Listener, described it as "an ambitious novel in both content and style", but concluded "it's well worth the extra effort because Warner manages to bring them many plot threads together in an ending that's both moving and satisfying".
In 2018 Warner had a poetry chapbook of six poems, Mitochondrial Eve, published by Compound Press. Paula Green positively reviewed the chapbook, saying "this hallucinogenic, rollercoaster, gut punch of book runs through me like fire".
Warner is also a musician and performs with swamp blues band Bernie Griffen and The Thin Men.
References
External links
Official website
'Your grandparents were loaded onto cattle trucks and sent to the gas chambers', article by Warner for The Spinoff, 21 November 2018
1956 births
Living people
New Zealand women poets
21st-century New Zealand novelists
21st-century New Zealand poets
21st-century New Zealand women writers
People from Hastings, New Zealand
New Zealand women journalists
Bolívar is one of the 13 municipalities of the state of Monagas, Venezuela. The capital is Caripito. The municipality is one of several in Venezuela named "Bolívar Municipality" in honour of Venezuelan independence hero Simón Bolívar.
By decree of 16 January 1896, the Monagas State legislature created the Colon Municipality of the Piar District in the Maturín section, consisting of the hamlets Caripito, Río Abajo, Sabaneta, El Amparo, and Sabana de Teresen, which was part of the Municipality of Punceres Of Piar District.
Geography
The climate is tropical as in all the climatic zone of the same name, the temperature must oscillate between 20°C and 30°C.
All the surface of the area pours its waters to the Gulf of Paria through the San Juan River, by direct tributaries to that River. Among the first are Rio Caripe - Rio San Miguel.
Mayors
Carlos Betancourt. (2004 - 2008), (2008 - 2013) y (2013 - 2017), PSUV.
References
Municipalities of Monagas
This is a list of all the yachts built by Jongert, sorted by year.
1975–1994
1995–2004
2005–2015
Under construction
See also
List of large sailing yachts
List of motor yachts by length
Luxury yacht
Jongert
References
Lists of ships
Built by Jongert
Built by Jongert
Lists of yachts
Qoro is a Fijian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gabrieli Qoro (born 1970), Fijian athlete
Manasa Qoro (1964–2019), Fijian rugby union player
Mor Yulios Elias Qoro (1881–1962), Turkish bishop
Sivia Qoro, Fijian politician
Fijian-language surnames
Przeczek is a Polish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Gustaw Przeczek (1913–1974), Polish poet
Wilhelm Przeczek (1936–2006), Polish writer and poet
Polish-language surnames
Jon Harris (born 1943) is an artist, illustrator, and calligrapher, who has a particular interest in architecture and topography. They live in Cambridge, which they have made their base since they graduated from Cambridge University, with a degree in Art History, in 1965. Cambridge is also the principal subject of their drawings. Harris is particularly known for their illustrated, calligraphic, maps.
Early life
Harris was born in 1943, in North Staffordshire; they had an itinerant, partly colonial youth. They were educated at Winchester College, where they were a scholar. They began in Architecture at Trinity Hall, Cambridge University in 1961, and finished in Art History.
Career
Harris published an article in Granta in 1962 on Cambridge's 19th-century architect/developer Richard Reynolds Rowe. They taught drawing for 25 years in the Cambridge Arts School (CCAT, now Anglia Ruskin University), and painted (topography and light) until this career came to end with a joint exhibition between the Fitzwilliam Museum and the Cambridge University School of Architecture. A catalog was published by the Fitzwilliam Museum.
They wrote for eight years on the landscapes and settlements of the four East Anglia counties and explored them on foot. In 2003 they were lured by their friend and former Reuters correspondent Brian Mooney into walking the shores and inland boundaries of the county of Essex. The report of the journey, with text by Brian Mooney and numerous illustrations by Jon Harris, was published as Frontier Country (Thorogood 2004).
Due to their profound knowledge of the architectural history of Cambridge, Jon Harris often serves as a historical advisor on developments and refurbishments in Cambridge.  They are a member of Cambridge City Council's Design & Conservation Panel, before which significant new developments are brought for appraisal. In 2007 they advised Magdalene College on the colour scheme for the restoration of a range of medieval buildings in Magdalene Street, Cambridge.
A collection of their work has been published by Cambridge-based publishing house Lutterworth Press in September 2018; this is the first time a collection of their work has been published. The book, titled Artist About Cambridge is a biographical look at Harris' work and how the city of Cambridge has changed over the past few decades.
References
Painter About Cambridge, Fitzwilliam Museum, 1997
Frontier Country (Brian Mooney, illustrated by Jon Harris), Thorogood, 2004
Artist About Cambridge, Lutterworth Press, 2018.
British artists
Living people
1943 births
People educated at Winchester College
Alumni of Trinity Hall, Cambridge
John A. Lentz House is a historic home located at Hickory, Catawba County, North Carolina. It was built in 1890, and is a two-story, three bay, frame dwelling with Classical Revival style design elements. It features a full-length, two-level front porch with Tuscan Doric order columns. It has a two-story rear ell and one-story wing. It was the home of John A. Lentz (1860-1925), who served as Hickory's mayor in 1911–1912.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.
References
Hickory, North Carolina
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in North Carolina
Neoclassical architecture in North Carolina
Houses completed in 1890
Houses in Catawba County, North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places in Catawba County, North Carolina
Brian Collyer (born 12 July 1961) is a Canadian water polo player. They competed in the men's tournament at the 1984 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1961 births
Living people
Canadian male water polo players
Olympic water polo players of Canada
Water polo players at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Sarnia
The Diocese of Monteverde (Latin: Dioecesis Montis Viridis) was a Roman Catholic diocese located in the town of Monteverde in the province of Avellino in Southern Italy. In 1718, it was suppressed to the Diocese of Sant'Angelo dei Lombardi e Bisaccia.
Ordinaries
Gerolamo de Caro (13 Mar 1521 – 3 Jul 1531 Appointed, Titular Bishop of Cannae)
References
Former Roman Catholic dioceses in Italy
Manataria hercyna, the white-spotted satyr, is the only member of the genus Manataria from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae. It is found in the Neotropical zone.
Subspecies
M. h. hercyna - (Brazil, Peru)
M. h. maculata (Hopffer, 1874) - (Costa Rica, Mexico)
M. h. hyrnethia Fruhstorfer, 1912 - (Bolivia, Peru, Ecuador, Colombia)
M. h. distincta (Lathy, 1918) - (French Guiana)
M. h. daguana (Neustetter, 1929) - (Colombia)
References
Butterflies described in 1821
Melanitini
Fauna of Brazil
Nymphalidae of South America
The COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed to have reached Transnistria (internationally recognised as a part of Moldova) in March 2020.
Background
On 12 January 2020, the World Health Organization (WHO) confirmed that a novel coronavirus was the cause of a respiratory illness in a cluster of people in Wuhan City, Hubei Province, China, which was reported to the WHO on 31 December 2019.
The case fatality ratio for COVID-19 has been much lower than SARS of 2003, but the transmission has been significantly greater, with a significant total death toll.
Timeline
March 2020
13 March: The Government of Transnistria banned all public gatherings.
17 March: The government announced the shutdown of all kindergartens, schools, colleges and universities until the 5 April. The entrance of foreign citizens (including Moldovan ones) to Transnistrian territory was also banned for a period of 19 days.
21 March: The first two positive COVID-19 cases were announced in Transnistria.
24 March: The government announced the suspension of public transport.
25 March: According to the television channel TV PMR, the Government reported that there were seven people infected with the coronavirus, including two minors.
30 March: By decree of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Transnistria, during the state of emergency, all citizens must carry an identity document and a special permission to be outside of their homes.
31 March: A 55-year-old woman from Tiraspol who had heart problems and diabetes is the first reported fatality of COVID-19 in Transnistria. At the time of their death, they were in an intensive care unit connected to a ventilator.
April 2020
4 April: The Government of Transnistria introduced a ban on the export of food products.
14 April: Wearing of face masks in public places becomes mandatory. People without masks were warned that they would be restricted from accessing shops, pharmacies, and food markets.
21 April: President Vadim Krasnoselsky cancelled the Victory Day parade on Suvorov Square.
Vaccines
An agreement was made with Russia in December 2020 to receive 300,000 doses of the Sputnik V vaccine, but these had not been received as of late February. Moldova has stated it will provide 10% of all vaccines it obtains to Transnistria.
Statistics
Total No. of cases:
Total number of cases by age (21 January 2021):
Total number of cases by sex (21 January 2021), in %
COVID-19 cases in Transnistria by location (until 19 May 2020):
Gallery
See also
COVID-19 pandemic in Gagauzia
COVID-19 pandemic in Moldova
COVID-19 pandemic in Ukraine
COVID-19 pandemic in Romania
COVID-19 pandemic in Russia
References
External links
Coronavirus: official data Ministry of Health of Transnistria
Updates on coronavirus Ministry of Internal Affairs of Transnistria
Updates on coronavirus novostipmr.com
Transnistria
Transnistria
Transnistria
Health in Transnistria
2020 in Transnistria
2021 in Transnistria
AS Mabela a Bana is a football club in Mwene-Ditu, Democratic Republic of Congo. In the 2006/2007 season they played in the Linafoot, the top level of professional football in DR Congo.
Achievements
Kasaï-Oriental Provincial League: 1
2006
References
Football clubs in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Azanus soalalicus, the small Madagascar babul blue, is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It is found on Madagascar. The habitat consists of forests.
References
Butterflies described in 1900
Azanus
Butterflies of Africa
Taxa named by Ferdinand Karsch
In economics, a federal budget is the major plan for a federal government's estimated future revenues and spending for the coming fiscal year. The federal budget is representation of the financial plan for the goals and activities of the government which in turn reflects the debates surrounding the various economical principles and ideas. It is the main means of the redistribution of the national income and gross domestic product to meet the needs necessary in order for economic growth. Primarily, the government spends a significant amount of their financial resources in the areas of healthcare, the old and young and social security programs.
Overview
The revenue for the federal budget each fiscal year is arranged and administered by the government and is then supplied in the form of taxation. These taxes can come in a wide variety of sources such as a tax on one's income, profits from a business and the country's imports (duties and tariffs). Revenue can also be streamed from activities that the government strongly discourages often called a Sin tax and the government can then tax on commodities such as smoking and alcohol consumption. Federal governments don't necessarily exist in every country due to it largely depending on the size and population of the country. The United Kingdom currently doesn't require federal governments but in the United States for example this model is needed as there exists mass population throughout the country in addition to the diverse group of people with diverse needs but federal government suits due to the common culture and values set in place.
How federal budget is spent
Federal governments split up the federal budget into three main categories; mandatory spending, discretionary spending and interest on debt. Both mandatory and discretionary spending makes up 90% of the entire federal budget spend.
Mandatory spending
Mandatory spending is government spending on different mandatory programs that are outside the annual supply bill process and usually occurs less than once in a year. Departments such as social security and medicare normally dominate the mandatory spend. Budget estimates the required costs to administer the following benefits. It cannot be changed without another Act Of Congress. The largest federal spend is in the area of social security which benefits the retired, disabled and their families. In the United States it makes up around 21% of the overall total spend and it is required by the legislation in the law so therefore it is mandatory.
Discretionary spending
Discretionary spending is government spending that is implemented through a supply bill or more commonly known as an appropriation bill. These spending levels are then set by the congress on a yearly basis and it funds the management of all the government agencies and activities. This type of spending forms a part of fiscal policy and is a contrast to the programs that are mandatory where people can be entitled to benefits if they are eligible.
Interest on debt
Interest on debt is the cost incurred by an entity for borrowed funds. This is a non-operating expense shown on the income statement and it represents the interest payable on any borrowings – bonds, loans, convertible debt or lines of credit.
Development of the federal budget
The largest federal budgets are in the United States and the development of their federal budgets is made up of a very significant and detailed nine-step plan that the United States Congress use to create the plan. The process starts a full year ahead before the fiscal year begins. The fiscal year in the United States starts on the 1st of October and runs through until September 30th year this means that the budget for 2018 began in the fall of 2016.
The federal budgets in the United States are like Germany and Australian federal governments as they normally run a deficit and this is down to the economies engaging in expansionary policy. in the United States, it is the president's role to submit the budget the proposal to the United States Congress. The president would then ask the federal agencies to submit their budgets requests directly to him. The president then submits the budget and requests to congress where it is used as a base guideline for its own budget resolution. This is then used to create appropriation or supply bills and these bills then allocate the available funds to the different fields of federal agencies.
2019 United States Federal Budget
In the fiscal year 2019, the United States federal budget will be 4.407 trillion in total spend. The government estimates that it will receive approximately 3.422 trillion in revenue in turn leaving a deficit of 985 billion for October 2018 to September 2019. Spending is in the three main categories: Mandatory (2.739 trillion), discretionary (1.305 trillion) and interest on the debt being (363 billion).
See also
Fiscal policy
Fiscal year
Office of Management and Budget
Congressional Budget Office
Contractionary monetary policy
Expansionary monetary policy
Government spending
Taxation
References
Government budgets
Christy Louise Grimshaw (born 8 November 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club AC Milan and the Scotland national team.
Early life
Grimshaw was born in Kirkcaldy but raised in Stonehaven, where they were educated at Mackie Academy.
Club career
After starting their club career at Deeside, Grimshaw moved to the local Scottish Women's Premier League club Aberdeen Ladies and played in their first team at 17 years old. In 2014 they began studying at Barry University in Miami and playing college soccer for the "Barry Buccaneers" under Scottish coach Denise Brolly. In a five-year stint (she redshirted in 2016) they played 65 games and scored 31 goals.
After their graduation Grimshaw rejected offers from English FA WSL teams Bristol City and Brighton to sign for FC Metz of the French Division 1 Féminine. They started seven of their 13 league appearances for Metz, scoring one goal, as the club finished bottom of the 2019–20 Division 1 Féminine table and were relegated.
In July 2020, Grimshaw signed for Italian Serie A club Milan, a scenario which they described as: "like a football fairy tale". Milan finished as runners-up in both the league and Coppa Italia, but Grimshaw was happy with life at the club and their coach Maurizio Ganz. They signed a contract extension in May 2021.
International career
Interim coach Stuart McLaren called up Grimshaw for their debut in the Scotland women's national football team in June 2021, for a 10-day training camp which included friendly matches against Northern Ireland and Wales.
They won their debut cap in their first game, appearing as a 90th-minute substitute for Claire Emslie in Scotland's 1–0 win over Northern Ireland at Seaview in Belfast. They scored their first goal for Scotland in a 7–1 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup qualification win over the Faroe Islands at Hampden Park on 21 September 2021.
Career statistics
International
Scores and results list Scotland's goal tally first, score column indicates score after each Grimshaw goal.
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Scottish women's footballers
Scotland women's international footballers
Scottish Women's Premier League players
Women's association football midfielders
Barry Buccaneers women's soccer players
FC Metz (women) players
Scottish expatriate women's footballers
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate women's footballers in France
Expatriate women's footballers in Italy
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Scottish expatriate sportspeople in the United States
A.C. Milan Women players
Serie A (women's football) players
People from Stonehaven
Footballers from Aberdeenshire
Aberdeen F.C. Women players
Sebastiano Zanetti is an Italian coxswain. They won a gold medal at the 1987 World Rowing Championships in Copenhagen with the lightweight men's eight.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Coxswains (rowing)
Living people
Maradana desertalis is a moth of the family Pyralidae described by George Hampson in 1908. It is found in Balochistan.
References
Moths described in 1908
Pyralini
Schizoseris is a genus of marine red algae.
References
Red algae genera
Delesseriaceae
Voronino () is a rural locality (a village) in Velikodvorskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 42 as of 2002.
Geography
Voronino is located 49 km south of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Knyazhikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Totemsky District
Magda Piskorczyk - a Polish singer and instrumentalist. They play the acoustic, electric and bass guitars, as well as percussion instruments. They mainly perform music rooted in African and African traditions. A composer and musical arranger, they were a guest singer at many international festivals, among others in Taiwan, Germany, Sweden, Norway, England, Hungary and France. Member of the ZPAV ZPAV Academy of Phonography. They conduct music workshops according to their own copyright program, including the Blues on Bobr. The result of such workshops in Warsaw OKO was released in 2012 as a CD "Magda Piskorczyk Masterclass".
Magda Piskorczyk is the author of the Blues Traveling studio album recorded with Michał Urbaniak, the album "Magda Live" which is a recording of their concert from Radio Gdansk, the disc "Live at Satyrblues" recorded with Slidin 'Slim from Sweden, a double album "Afro Groove" commemorating the tour with Billy Gibson from Memphis and Gospel music study album: "Mahalia". Magda Live, Afro Groove and Mahalia were nominated for the Fryderyk Prize for the Album of the Year.
Twice semi-finalist of the international blues competition: International Blues Challenge in Memphis, USA. They have been selected seven times as Vocalist of the Year (2003, 2004, 2006, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2013) by readers of the "Twój Blues" magazine. In May 2008 Magda Piskorczyk, as one of the first two performers, played at the Aleja Star of the Polish Blues in Slawa near Zielona Góra. Often referred to as the "black voice in a white costume" after such a review of a concert in France ("Brillante chanteuse la voix noire et au costume blanc").
Magda Piskorczyk cooperates, records or performs with other bands, among others. Blues Flowers, Engerling and Konoba. They have performed with many well-known musicians, among others. With Wojciech Karolak, Leszek Winder, Jerzy Styczynski, Leszek Cichoński and Bob Margolyn, Billy Gibson, Seckou Keita, Rita Engedalen, Bob Brozman, Greg Szłapczyński and Slidin Slim.
Music
Magda Piskorczyk's music is their own arrangements of soul, blues, funk, rock, jazz and gospel music standards and their own compositions inspired by these trends.
Jan Chojnacki stated that "her music is original but not surprising, true to roots, yet contemporary, very thrifty in form and full of emotion".
Gospel music is one of Magda's greatest musical loves. Among the performers of this genre, Magda most appreciated the work of Mahalia Jackson. They were amongst various artists presenting gospel standards presented in Poland, Germany, Hungary, England (at the City Sings Gospel in Liverpool) and France (at the Blues Sur Seine).
Magda Piskorczyk is very interested in ethnic music from various parts of the world, which is also increasingly included in the repertoire. They sing mainly in English, sometimes in Polish, but also in other languages, such as Spanish, Creole or African languages such as: Bambara and Tamaszek.
Biography
Magda Piskorczyk sang regularly in their early childhood. In a musical search, they found themselves briefly in a rock repertoire to conclude that they were best at blues, gospel, jazz and related genres in the near acoustic roots.
In 2001 they made their debut at the Autumn Blues Festival in Bialystok, where their song "Sexy Mama won" the First Prize. A year later, also in Bialystok, they began their solo career. They co-created the Terraplane trio, performed in duos with Michał Kielak (harmonica), Arkadiusz Osenkowski (sax), Marek Kapłon (guitar), Ola Siemieniuk (guitar) and Karolina Koriat (vocals). In 2003 on the album Blues Leader of the group Blues Flowers appeared a song I will not be a good girl, popularly known as the Outlander, written by Jaromie. In 2003 and 2005 they performed at the Big Stage of the Rawa Blues Festival.
They were selected as the Vocalist of the Year 2003, and then also in 2004, 2006, 2009, 2011, 2012 and 2013 in the poll of the readers of your Blues quarterly.
In 2004, Piskorczyk was accepted to participate in the biggest international blues competition of the International Blues Challenge 2005 in Memphis. Rev. Rabia from Berkeley, an American blues singer, wrote about the artist on their website: The biggest discovery in active and exciting Polish blues. This girl must really love the blues. So young and from Eastern Europe! Excellent!  They are better than many American blues singers !.
In 2005, an album titled Blues Traveling was released under the auspices of jazz composer Michael Urbaniak (who accepted the invitation, being impressed, as they themselves stated, of their raw musical power) and friends. Since 2005 they regularly perform with their own band.
In 2005 Magda Piskorczyk re-qualified for the IBC competition, where they again reached the semi-finals. Vicky and Joe Price (Finalists) on the website said: We saw a lot of fantastic performers, but our favorite is Magda Piskorczyk from Poland. Magda has a "blue fire" in their soul and was able to share that fire with the listeners. Judges' opinions:
* Good energy Joy. Good vocals. Great ability to engage the public - Bonnie Tallmaw
Very addictive performance. I like the way you engage the audience in your performance. Great sound - bold, courageous, energetic and character - this is it! That's what I think blues should be! Good selection of repertoire in your set! Very good! Fast, slow, cheerful, sad. This makes your show a great show! - Mark Loft
Your Muddy Water Blues was excellent! I will remember them for a long time! Excellently! - John Pfeiffer.
In 2007 they began work on a special program titled In the Tribute to Mahalia Jackson, which contains interpretations of works known from the records of the Queen of Gospel Music.
In March 2008, the first live album of Piskorczyk entitled Magda Live with the recording of an acoustic concert by RGstudia Radio Gdansk appeared on the publisher Artgraff. The band was composed by: Aleksandra Siemieniuk, Arkadiusz Osenkowski, Roman Ziobro, Maksymilian Ziobro. The album contains 13 songs and multimedia, among others. 15-minute video of the recorded concert. A year later the album was nominated for a Fryderyk Award in the Album of the Year - Blues category.
In May 2008, the first Blues Star Avenue in Poland was celebrated at the Las, Woda & Blues festival in Sława near Zielona Góra. Magda Piskorczyk, Tadeusz Nalepa and Sławek Wierzcholski were unveiled. During the ceremony Piskorczyk and Wierzchowski clapped their hands.
In 2009, the artist was invited to the international Konoba band, performing traditional West African music. In this group they sang, played bass and acoustic guitar and percussion instruments. The cooperation lasted until 2012.
In the spring of 2010, Piskorczyk made their first tour of Scandinavia. In mid 2010 a record was released a year earlier in Tarnobrzeg with Swedish vocalist, guitarist and composer Slidin 'Slim, titled Live at Satyrblues. On this album you can hear Aleksandra Siemieniuk (guitars) and Grzegorz Zawiliński (drums and percussion instruments), who then formed the core of the band Magda.
In March 2011 they performed in Oslo and Notodden, Norway, among others by Rita Engedalen. They represented Hohner at the Musikmesse in Frankfurt. The song I'd Rather Go Blind was released on two compilations in Singapore and Malaysia. Within a dozen or so months, the EQU Music release from Singapore has released 6 more songs with songs performed by the Polish vocalist: Darkness on the Delta, Temptation, Work Song and I Can Get The Beatles. British magazine Blues Matters published an interview with Piskorczyk conducted by musicians.
In autumn 2012 they gave a series of concerts in Taiwan, where they performed at the 9th Blues Bash Festival in Taipei, invited by the blues association. Portal Polska ma sens published a comprehensive text on Magda Piskorczyk, entitled: "A Polish lady who feels the blues"
In 2011-2012 they also taught as a music teacher at the Magda Piskorczyk Masterclass at the Ochota Culture Center in Warsaw. The result is recorded in the studio OKO and released in 2012 "Magda Piskorczyk Masterclass". Magda was not only the originator of the whole course and concept of the disc, but also the producer of the music, the producer of the sound and the mix. The album presents 11 very stylistically selected works with the participants of the course. Since 2012 they teach at their own class according to their own program "the Blues on the Bobr" in Kliczków.
In December 2012, at the Autumn Festival with the Blues in Bialystok, they celebrated their 10th solo career.
Since 2014 they have been the Artistic Director of the Blues Workshop on Bobrow.
Team
Magda Piskorczyk (vocals, arrangements, compositions, acoustic, electric and bass guitar and percussion instruments) occurs with the ensemble composed of:
Aleksandra Siemieniuk - good, acoustic and electric guitar;
Bartosz Kazek - drums;
Extended composition and special projects, e.g. gospel:
Stanislaw Witta - piano, organ of Hammond;
Jacek Cichocki - piano, organ of Hammond;
Roman Ziobro - bass, bass guitar;
Marcin Jahr - drums;
Bogumił Romanowski - drums;
Previous team members:
Adam Rozenman - percussion instruments;
Grzegorz Zawiliński - percussion and percussion instruments;
Arkadiusz Osenkowski - saxophone;
Maksymilian Ziobro - drums
Discography
Magda Piskorczyk - Mahalia, Artgraff (2011)
Magda Piskorczyk feat. Billy Gibson - Afro Groove, Artgraff (2011), BSMF Records Japan (2011)
Magda Piskorczyk & Slidin 'Slim - Live at Satyrblues, Artgraff (2010)
Magda Piskorczyk - Magda Live, Artgraff (2008)
Magda Piskorczyk - Blues Traveling, MTJ (2005)
Magda Piskorczyk - Make Your Spirit Fly, Demo (2002)
Guest vocalist and special projects
Blues Menu Not the Blues itself, (2013)
Magda Piskorczyk Master Class, Ochota Culture Center (2012)
Antoni Krupa - Amela. Blues with blown hair in the wind, Radio Kraków (2012)
J.J.Band - Blues. J.Jandand friends play Tadeusz Nalepa (2010)
Blues Flowers - Tasty !, Flower Records (2008)
Blues Flowers - Bluesmen, Flower Records (2005)
Patients on the blues sing songs by Sławom Wierzcholski, Omerta Art (2004)
Blues Flowers - Silent Leader, Flower Records (2003)
Blues Flowers - I will not be a good girl (single), Flower Records (2003)
Blues Flowers - Let's be like kids (single), Flower Records (2003)
The Jam Session Band One Night At Satyrblues Live, OKO (2003)
Compilations
Jazz Unlimited Vol.3, audiophile 2CD, track "Temptation", Singapore (2012)
Great Songwriters' Songbook, CD, track "Temptation", Singapore (2012)
Jazz Bar, Song "Work Song", Singapore (2012)
Acoustic Edition II, audiophile CD, track "Darkness on the Delta", Singapore (2012)
Jazz Unlimited, 2CD, track "I'd Rather go Blind", Singapore (2011)
Jazz Addiction, audiophile CD, song "I'd Rather go Blind", Singapore (2011)
Smooth jazz in Polish, 3CD, track I will not be a good girl, MTJ (2010)
17 International Gastroblues Festival DVD, Hungary (2009)
The Anthology of Polish Blues 2, songs: Never Make Your Move Too Soon and Blues Flowers: I will write you down in the diary, Polish Blues Association and 4evermusic (2009)
Blues sur Seine Fete Ses 10 Ans, Walking Blues, ed. Blues sur Seine, France (2008)
Anthology of Polish Blues, songs of: All of Me and Muddy Water Blues, Polish Blues Association and 4evermusic (2008)
Blues sur Seine, 8eme edition, Help Me song, ed. Blues sur Seine, France (2006)
International festivals
Magda Piskorczyk has been a guest at many international festivals, including:
Blue Wave Festival, Rugen Island, Germany (2014)
Vienna Blues Spring Festival, Austria (2014)
Chemnitzer Stadtfest, Chemnitz, Germany (2013)
Bluesovy Podzimek, Holešov, Czech Republic (2013)
Prerov Jazz Festival, Prerov, Czech Republic (2009, 2013)
Southern Rock and Blues Festival, Kolin, Czech Republic (2013)
Old Jazz Meeting, Złota Tarka, Iława (2013)
Głogów Jazz Meetings, Glogow (2013)
Torun Blues Meeting, Torun (2013)
Chemnitzer Blues Festival, Germany (2013)
Blues Bash, Taipei, Taiwan (2012)
Blues au chateau Festival, La Cheze, France (2012)
Picnic Country, Dąbrowa Górnicza (2012)
Bluesfest Eutin / Bluesbaltica Festival, Eutin, Germany (2011)
Suwalki Blues Festival, Suwalki (2011)
Plus Tennis Music Festival, Szczecin (2010)
Dusty Road Blues Festival, Tidaholm, Sweden (2010)
Bluescamp Festival, Fredrikstad, Norway (2010)
Harmonica Bridge, Torun and Bydgoszcz (2010)
Satyrblues, Tarnobrzeg (2003, 2009, 2010)
Trossinger Blues Fabrik, Trossingen, Germany (2009)
City Sings Gospel, Liverpool, UK (2008)
Angels, Bieszczady (2008)
Bluestures (Blues Top), Chorzów and Zakopane (2007)
Blues Goes East, Karlsruhe, Germany (2007)
Bluezzfest, Bulgaria (2006)
Blues Sur Seine, France (2006)
Jimiway Blues Festival, Ostrów Wielkopolski (2002, 2006)
Resonator Festival, Sulingen, Germany (2005, 2006)
Dobrofest, Trnava, Slovakia (2005)
Potsdam Bluesfestival, Germany (2004)
Berlin Bluesfestival, Germany (2004)
Blues Alive, Šumperk, Czech Republic (2002)
References
External links
The official website of Magdy Piskorczyk
Them interview with bluesonline.pl, December 2011
Interview with Polish Radio, June 2008
Interview with the website Gery.pl, May 2008
21st-century Polish singers
Polish blues singers
Polish gospel singers
Polish singer-songwriters
Living people
Polish rock guitarists
Polish jazz guitarists
21st-century Polish women singers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Robert Ball (1 April 1802 - 30 March 1857) was an Irish naturalist. They served as the Director of the Dublin University Museum, and developed a method of dredging known as "Ball's dredge." They served as a secretary to the Royal Zoological Society of Ireland for two decades and was responsible for popularizing natural history through public educational outreach.
Life
They were born at Queenstown, County Cork. They were the third child of Bob Stawell Ball, a customs official, and Mary Ball (née Green). The Ball family lived in Youghal, County Cork. Robert had two sisters who shared their interest in nature, Anne, a well-known phycologist, and Mary, an entomologist. They also had a brother, Bent (7 March 1806 - 19 May 1860), who did not appear to pursue any interest in these fields. They initially attended a school Clonakilty, before attending a Quaker school in Ballitore, County Kildare where their interest for natural history was developed with encouragement from their schoolmaster James White. They returned to Youghal in 1824 to take up a post as a magistrate which involved travel and was sometimes dangerous, even escaping an assassination attempt, but aided their natural history specimen collecting. They left Youghal for Dublin in 1827, and as they were unable to afford medical studies they worked for 20 years in the civil service, firstly as clerk in the Constabulary and Yeomanry Office, Dublin, and later assistant librarian and keeper of records at the same. They considered the work as "soul-subduing slavery" and pursued their natural history interests, actively associating with the local scientific circles. Ball left the civil service in 1852 with a small pension, as it was deemed they spent too much of their time on scientific pursuits than was suitable for a public servant. They went on natural history excursions with William Todhunter, William Thompson, Robert Patterson, George Hyndman, and Edward Forbes apart from travels to museums in Paris and meetings in Great Britain.
Ball then became a Director of the Dublin University Museum in 1844. Later on that year they were appointed Director of the Museum in Trinity College. They donated their collection of 7000 bird skins to the museum. They also served as a secretary to the Royal Zoological Society of Ireland from 1837 to 1857 and was responsible for making the zoo more publicly accessible with a one-penny fee for Sunday Afternoons. In 1838, Ball developed a dredge net, also known today as "Ball's dredge," to collect marine organisms.
After a career in the civil service they became Director of the Dublin University Museum in 1844. They were a Member of the Royal Irish Academy and President of the Royal Geological Society of Ireland.
Dublin University conferred on them the degree of LL.D. in 1850. They became Secretary of the newly founded Queen's University of Ireland in 1851, and was a Fellow of the Royal Society. On 30 March 1857 Ball died as a result of a ruptured aorta at their home at 3 Granby Row, Dublin.  They are buried in Mount Jerome Cemetery and Crematorium, Dublin.
Family
On 21 September 1837 they married Amelia Gresley Hellicar who was from Bristol. They met them at a meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science in Bristol the previous year. The couple had four daughters and three sons: Astronomer Royal Sir Robert Stawell Ball, Valentine Ball (1843-1895) C.B., BA, MA, LL.D., F.R.S. a geologist and naturalist, Professor at Trinity College Dublin, and Sir Charles Bent Ball (1851–1916) BA, MB, M.Ch., FRCSI, a surgeon and botanist. Robert encouraged their sister Mary, gifting them with a copy of J.F. Stephens' Catalogue of British Insects in 1835.
Works
Ball published just about 10 papers in all but was influential in their circle through their efforts to improve outreach and initiating public lectures, particularly at the Dublin Zoo, including many by himself. They published the work on stridulation in the Corixidae by their sister Mary, giving credit to them for the original observation. They also ensured that the collections of algae made by their sister Anne and insects by Mary went to the university museum collection.
On the museum
(1846) First Report on the Progress of the Dublin University Museum, January 1846. Dublin.
(1847) Second Report on the Progress of the Dublin University Museum, June 1847. Dublin.
(1848) The Dublin University Museum, December, 1848. Dublin.
(1853) Evidence. In Dublin University Commission, Report of Them Majesty's Commissioners appointed to inquire into the state, discipline, studies and revenues of the University of Dublin and Trinity College. Dublin. 153-169.
Scientific
1841. On a species of Loligo, found on the shore of Dublin Bay. Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy, 1 (19). 362-364.
1842 Notes of the acetabuliferous Cephalopoda of Ireland, including two species of Rossiae. Proceedings of the Royal Irish Academy 2: 192-194.
Ball's dredge
About 1838 Robert Ball devised a dredge net to collect marine organisms. It was used all over the world, and was so apt for its purpose that it was little modified later. It is known as Ball's dredge or more generally simply "the dredge". Ball's dredge consists of a rectangular net attached to a rectangular frame much longer than high, and furnished with rods stretching from the four corners to meet at a point where they are attached to the dredge rope. It differed from the dredge net devised by Otto Friedrich Müller in the slit-like shape of the opening, which prevents much of the " washing out " suffered by the earlier pattern, and in the edges. The long edges only are fashioned as scrapers, being wider and heavier than Muller's, especially in later dredges. The short edges are of round iron bar.
References
External links
NAHSTE
Darwin Project
Obituary
Deep-Sea-Dredging
Attribution
Irish naturalists
1802 births
1857 deaths
19th-century Irish people
Fellows of the Royal Society
Members of the Royal Irish Academy
Alumni of Trinity College Dublin
Irish Anglicans
People from Cobh
People from Youghal
Manila's 2nd congressional district is one of the six congressional districts of the Philippines in the city of Manila. It has been represented in the House of Representatives of the Philippines since 1916 and earlier in the Philippine Assembly from 1907 to 1916. The district consists of barangays 147 to 267 in the eastern part of the Manila district of Tondo, east of Dagupan Street, Estero de Vitas and Estero de Sunog Apog. It is currently represented in the 19th Congress by Rolando M. Valeriano of the National Unity Party (NUP) and Asenso Manileño.
Representation history
Election results
2022
2019
2016
2013
2010
See also
Legislative districts of Manila
References
Congressional districts of the Philippines
Politics of Manila
1907 establishments in the Philippines
Congressional districts of Metro Manila
Constituencies established in 1907
The Yema Bojun () or T60 is a subcompact crossover SUV produced by the Chinese automaker Yema Auto.
Overview
The Bojun was originally planned to be launched as the T60 subcompact crossover sitting below the previously launched Yema T70 compact crossover, and the styling was previewed by the T60 prototype unveiled during the 2017 Shanghai Auto Show.
By December 2018, teasers of the T60 was shown, while Yema Auto was acquired by Levdeo in january 2019, by February 2019, the Yema T60 was confirmed to be named the Bojun for the Chinese Market.
Powertrain
Engine options for the Bojun or T60 is a 1.5 liter naturally aspirated engine and a 1.5 liter turbocharged engine. The 1.5 liter engine has a maximum power of 82kW, peak torque of 145 Nm, mated to a 5-speed manual transmission; maximum power 115 kW of 1.5T engine, peak torque is 215 Nm and mated to a CVT gearbox.
EC60
The Yema EC60, also known as the Yema Bojun EV is the electric variant of the T60 or Bojun. Levdeo also sells their own rebadged version as the Levdeo i9.
The EC60 is powered by a 115kW/270N.m electric motor and a 66kWh lithium battery, good for a 105 km/h top speed. According to officials, the EC60 is offered with two variants, with NEDC maximum cruising range of 248 miles(400km) and 285 miles(460km) respectively.
Styling controversies
The Yema Bojun is controversial in terms of styling. Despite being significantly smaller and sitting in a lower segment, the Yema Bojun heavily resembles the Geely Boyue, and even the Bojun name was made to sound similar to Boyue.
References
Cars introduced in 2017
2010s cars
Subcompact cars
Crossover sport utility vehicles
Front-wheel-drive vehicles
Cars of China
Production electric cars
German submarine U-2322 was a highly advanced Type XXIII U-boat built for Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine in 1944. U-2322 was one of just a few such boats to undertake an operational patrol, and one of only three to undergo two. During these patrols, they succeeded in sinking a single British freighter, one of five ships sunk by this submarine class.
U-2322 was built at Hamburg in just four months, being ready by July 1944. As a prototype of a new class of boats, they were not ready for active service until 1945, as there were numerous engineering difficulties to contend with and the crew had to be trained to manage the new boat and new operational tactics practised and decided on. When they were finally ready for a war patrol in February 1945, it was more as an experiment into the abilities of the boat than a real attempt to damage allied shipping.
Design
Like all Type XXIII U-boats, U-2322 had a displacement of when at the surface and while submerged. They had a total length of (o/a), a beam width of (o/a), and a draught depth of. The submarine was powered by one MWM six-cylinder RS134S diesel engine providing , one AEG GU4463-8 double-acting electric motor providing , and one BBC silent running CCR188 electric motor providing .
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of and a submerged speed of . When submerged, the boat could operate at for ; when surfaced, they could travel at . U-2322 was fitted with two torpedo tubes in the bow. They could carry two preloaded torpedoes. The complement was 14–18 men. This class of U-boat did not carry a deck gun.
Service history
Leaving Horten Naval Base in Norway on the 6 February 1945, U-2322 proceeded to the East coast of Scotland, particularly in the area of St Abb's Head, where lone coastal shipping sometimes passed, believing that German U-boats would not bother waiting in such a dangerous spot for such insignificant prey. This plan finally worked on the 25 February, when the 1,317 GRT steam merchant Egholm was sunk by a torpedo. This first and only success for U-2322 was achieved in the dark off Holy Island. The rest of this patrol was unsuccessful.
The second patrol, off East Anglia in April was totally fruitless, powerful allied escorts and well-organised convoys effectively cutting off the small U-boats from their potential targets. The only advantage gained in these patrols was that no Type XXIII boat was lost in the North Sea, all losses coming in German waters from indirect sources like accident, bombing raids and naval mines.
When Germany surrendered, U-2322 was at Stavanger in Norway, from where it sailed to Loch Ryan in Scotland for disposal in Operation Deadlight. Towed out to sea on the 27 November, the unmaintained and rusting boat was destroyed as a naval gunnery target.
Summary of raiding history
References
Bibliography
External links
World War II submarines of Germany
Type XXIII submarines
Operation Deadlight
U-boats commissioned in 1944
1944 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
U-boats sunk in 1945
Ships sunk as targets
Maritime incidents in November 1945
Stalking Pete Doherty is a rockumentary assembled from footage shot by filmmaker Max Carlish. As the title suggests, it is about both attempts by Carlish to interview Pete Doherty.
Filmmaker
Carlish is a British documentary filmmaker and former lecturer in media studies, born to Jewish parents in the city of Birmingham. Carlish helped produce an Emmy and BAFTA-award-winning television series about the Royal Opera House.  They are most famous, however, for their attempts to produce a so-called rockumentary about Pete Doherty, singer and guitarist with The Libertines and Babyshambles. Doherty was charged with assault and blackmail of the filmmaker after Carlish sold photographs of Doherty taking heroin to Sunday newspapers.
Release and reception
Carlish's footage was used in a programme entitled Stalking Pete Doherty broadcast on 17 May 2005, and then again on 11 March 2006 on Channel 4. In fact, the programme focused more on Carlish's apparent obsession with Doherty than it did with Doherty's life.
"A friend of mine saw the footage of them taking heroin and thought I could sell them," Carlish commented. "Before I knew it I was in the middle of a bidding war. I was desperate for money and by this point I had convinced myself I would never see Pete again, would never be able to complete my film."
The film was never finished. Stalking Pete Doherty was produced by North One Television, who, in the words of one critic, "recognised that it was Carlish's struggle and failure to make their film that was the real story". Doherty reportedly attempted to halt the broadcast by Channel 4, on the basis that the footage taken by Carlish was in fact owned by their management company.
Personal life
Carlish was educated at King David Primary School and then King Edward's School, Birmingham where they were a keen amateur dramatist – writing and performing a "hip-hop opera" in which Carlish "rapped" about a mystical "Rock of Crack" (Cocaine) and where at least one contemporary remembers them as energetically outspoken even at a young age. They would later attend the prestigious American prep school The Hotchkiss School in Lakeville, Connecticut. Carlish was known to socialise with students, even taking drugs with some of them on more than a number of occasions. This element of their lifestyle was briefly touched upon in the Stalking Pete Doherty documentary.
Aftermath
Carlish subsequently worked as planning manager for Great City Attractions, a Ferris wheel operator which collapsed in 2012.
References
Quote from interview in Stalking Pete Doherty
External links
The life of a Libertine, Max Carlish, The Guardian, 25 February 2005
Doherty arrested after 'assault', BBC News, 3 February 2005
Fat and poor, Max Carlish, The Idler, 1999
Max Carlish's story changes, thebadrash.com
Max Carlish in Pete in Kate on Channel 4, thebadrash.com
Documentary films about singers
Branden Ore (born February 17, 1986 in Norfolk, Virginia) is a former college football running back for West Liberty University. They had originally declared for the 2008 NFL Draft, but subsequently withdrew their name.
Ore began their college career as a redshirt first-year student in 2005 at Virginia Tech behind Mike Imoh and Cedric Humes on the depth chart. Following the season, Ore underwent shoulder surgery and spent the spring semester rehabbing in Chesapeake. Working for a 7-Eleven warehouse, Ore refocused themselves mentally.
Ore started every game their sophomore year and rushed for 1,090 yards and 14 touchdowns in the Hokies' 10-win 2006 season.
On March 19, 2008 Virginia Tech coach Frank Beamer, announced that the redshirt-senior from Chesapeake, Virginia would no longer be a member of the Hokie football team. Beamer wished Ore well in their future endeavors and indicated that there would be no further comment on the matter. Ore became the starting tailback for the West Liberty Hilltoppers where they say that the secluded environment helped to resolve their disciplinary issues.
References
External links
Virginia Tech Hokies bio
1986 births
Living people
American football running backs
Virginia Tech Hokies football players
West Liberty Hilltoppers football players
Players of American football from Norfolk, Virginia
Leacon Hall, Warehorne, Kent, England, is a grade II* listed building constructed for Thomas Hodges in 1708.
Description
The house remains on a low hill called The Leacon. Hodges has got two little windows built into the roof. The house has 8,288 square feet of living space consisting of reception hall, four banquet halls, seven further rooms and three restrooms.
Pevsner has described the house as ‘a perfect example of a Queen Anne house', seen from a distance, Leacon Hall at Warehorne in Kent looks every inch ‘a country house in miniature',
References
Grade II* listed buildings in Kent
Grade II* listed houses
Ernest Vincent Wright MC (24 October 1894 – 16 December 1977) was an English cricketer. Wright was a right-handed batsman. They were born at Kettering, Northamptonshire.
Wright served during World War I, by 1917 they were a temporary lieutenant, and in September of that year they were promoted to acting captain. By February 1918 they still held the simultaneous ranks of Temporary Lieutenant and Acting Captain in the Tank Corps. They were awarded the Military Cross, which was mentioned in the London Gazette in July 1918, for conspicuous gallantry and devotion to duty. It was noted that they had commanded their tanks with great skill and judgement during an attack, and when their tank ran out of petrol they went forward on foot with the infantry and assisted in the capturing of an objective while under heavy fire, helping advance the line by some 7,000 yards. In February 1919, they relinquished their rank of temporary captain.
Following the war, Wright made two first-class cricket appearances for Northamptonshire in 1919 against Warwickshire and Sussex, both at the County Ground, Northampton. They scored a total of two runs in these matches. They died at the town of their birth of 16 December 1977. Their brothers Albert, Richard and Stephen all played first-class cricket for Northamptonshire.
References
External links
Ernest Wright at ESPNcricinfo
Ernest Wright at CricketArchive
1894 births
1977 deaths
Sportspeople from Kettering
British Army personnel of World War I
Royal Tank Regiment officers
Recipients of the Military Cross
English cricketers
Northamptonshire cricketers
Kolonia Zamek is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Modliborzyce, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
References
Kolonia Zamek
Julie May Peasgood (born 28 May 1956 in Cleethorpes, Lincolnshire) is an English actor, television presenter, author and voiceover artist known for their distinctive voice.
 They are best known for their role as Fran Pearson in the television soap Brookside (1991–93). They later played Jo Steadman in Emmerdale in 1997 and Jacqui Hudson in Hollyoaks from 2001 to 2002.
Biography
Peasgood was born to working-class parents from Northern England. Them mother had started work as a tightrope walker and juggler in Bertram Mills Circus. There they had met their father, who was a welfare officer for the Grimsby Dock Labour Board. Peasgood was educated at Grimsby's Wintringham School. After leaving school they worked in a fish and chip shop in Cleethorpes before training at the Arts Educational School in Golden Lane, London. They left the school shortly before their course finished taking the title role in 'Cherryripe and the Lugworm Digger', which was the first in the series 'Seven Faces of Woman' for ITV.
 They are the mother of the actor Kate McEnery by their first marriage to Peter McEnery, whom they acted opposite in Ron Daniel's Royal Shakespeare Company production of Pericles in 1979. They have been married since 1998 to actor Patrick Pearson. Them niece, Emily Peasgood, is an Ivors Composers Awards winning composer and sound artist.
Acting career
Peasgood was with the RSC for five years, where they played the role of Tilda (Matilda) Price in the original production of Nicholas Nickleby directed by Trevor Nunn. They were also in the production of Inadmissible Evidence, directed by John Osborne at the Royal Court, and has performed at the Old Vic, the Royal Exchange Theatre, Manchester, the Orange Tree and the West End.
On television they are probably most recognised for the roles of Fran Pearson in Brookside and Jo Steadman in Emmerdale. However, they have appeared in numerous other television series. Among their other credits include appearances in Hollyoaks where they played Jacqui Hudson, First Born, September Song, Taggart, A Woman's Guide to Adultery, Cherryripe and the Lugworm Digger, Carla Lane's Luv, Doctors, The Bill, Holby City, 4 Play, Spender, Ruth Rendell's Simisola, Dancers, This Year, Next Year, the original 1970s series of Survivors, Boon and Small World.
They appeared in the 1983 horror film House of the Long Shadows, which starred Peter Cushing, Vincent Price and Christopher Lee. In 1985 they featured in the dialogue-free television comedy seriesThe Optimist.
They started to do voice overs in the 1980s, and has voiced several hundred television and radio commercials.  They are perhaps most well known in this role for a 1990s advert for Bird's Eye Frozen Peas. In 2003, Peasgood was known as the "queen of the ad voice overs".
On radio they have appeared in Galton and Simpson's Impasse on BBC Radio 2, in which they played Mrs Spooner, opposite Mitchell and Webb. They also played the leading role of Shirley in Venus to Go on BBC Radio 4.
Presenting career
Peasgood is also a TV presenter, and won the Royal Television Society's TV Personality of the Year Award in 2004, for their series Great Little Breaks. Other credits include Bootsale Challenge, Loose Women, This Morning, Wish You Were Here...?, The Alan Titchmarsh Show, Turf Wars on UKTV Style,A Buyer's Guide to Spain on Real Estate TV which they wrote, directed and presented with their husband actor Patrick Pearson, and Crafty Beggars for TLC which they co-produced and co-presented with business partner Wendy Turner Webster (sister of TV personality Anthea Turner) being the first venture for their company Good Turn Productions.
Other work
They contributed a vocal performance to Creative Reality's survival horror videogame Martian Gothic: Unification which was released in 2000. They later spoke out against violent video games, emphasising their negative effects, and attracted some criticism due to their contribution to Martian Gothic.
Them first book, The Greatest Sex Tips in the World, was launched at the London Book Fair on 16 April 2007 and went on to earn their Best Sex Writer Award from Scarlet Magazine. They currently have two regular magazine columns, is Contributing Editor of Cruise International magazine and writes about travel for a number of newspapers, magazines and websites.
Peasgood is also a public speaker and events host.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
Julie Peasgood's official website
1956 births
Living people
People from Grimsby
People educated at the Arts Educational Schools
English television actores
English soap opera actores
English film actores
English radio actores
English television presenters
English writers
English women writers
Betty Arvaniti (; born 4 August 1939) is a Greek actor. They appeared in 40 films and television shows between 1965 and 2002.
Selected filmography
Istoria mias zois (1965) as Mrs. Leondiadou
Man for all the chores (1966) as mother
Bullets don't come back (1967) as warden's mistress
Imperiale (1968) as Zoi
I Haravgi tis Nikis (1971) as Martha
Thema syneidiseos (1973) as Mrs. Sakellaropoulou
Who Pays the Ferryman? (TV-series, 1977) as Annika Zeferis
The Dark Side of the Sun (TV-series, 1983) as Ismini Christoyannis
References
External links
1939 births
Living people
Greek film actores
Actresses from Athens
Sumedh Singh Saini is a former DGP of Punjab Police. They have been heavily involved in policing both terrorist- and corruption-based matters and has a mixed reputation, being seen by some people as a firm upholder of the law and by others as a violator of human rights.
Career
Sumedh Saini joined the Indian Police Service (IPS) in 1982 and progressed to serve six districts as Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) before succeeding Anil Kaushik as the Director-General of Police (DGP) for the Indian State of Punjab on 15 March 2012.  They are heading the State Police out of the seven Directors General in the State. The appointment made them the youngest DGP in India.
Appointed very soon after a new government had been formed, involving the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Saini was tasked with reducing crime and inhibiting the activities of people involved in the drug trade. Although supported by the Chief Minister, Parkash Singh Badal, the BJP claimed that the decision to appoint was a unilateral one and that they were not consulted. The Times of India noted at the time of their promotion that Saini "... has been in and out of controversies — within the service they have their detractors as well as ardent followers in equal number besides a dedicated fan following among police officers who fought during terrorism."
Saini has been a prominent figure in the efforts to maintain law and order in Punjab, in particular during a period in the 1980s and 1990s when terrorist activity was prevalent. In 1987, Saini won the highest award of Punjab for gallantry, in recognition of their leadership in operations against Khalistani insurgents, and in 1991 they had been injured in an assassination attempt made in Chandigarh by the same insurgents.
In 2005 they were described as a Dirty Harry figure who inspires fear in those whom they seek to bring to justice. Their methods have attracted complaints and caused them to be reported for alleged breaches of human rights, and they have also faced trial as a consequence of the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) linking them as the prime suspect in the alleged disappearance and murder of three men. The CBI investigation was deemed to be unlawful by the Supreme Court in December 2011 but court proceedings were still ongoing in 2014.
Their activities in corruption investigations have won praise, in particular a 2002 case that involved the Punjab Public Service Commission and various High Court judges.
Saini was transferred from their post as DGP in October 2015, allegedly after pressure was put on the state government by the Government of India. They became chairperson of the Police Housing Corporation, and their successor as DGP was announced as being Suresh Arora. Concern had been expressed about the police reaction to anti-desecration protests at the village of Behbal Kalan, in Faridkot district, which had led to the deaths of two protestors and left several others injured.
See also
K. P. S. Gill
Sadhu Ram Chaudhari
References
Indian police chiefs
Punjabi people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Castellior is a hamlet in the community of Penmynydd, Ynys Môn, Wales, which is 129.1 miles (207.7 km) from Cardiff and 208.9 miles (336.2 km) from London.
References
See also
List of localities in Wales by population
Villages in Anglesey
Elias Bernstein Intermediate School 7, also known as I.S.7 and nicknamed "Bernstein", is a middle school located in the Huguenot section of Staten Island, New York. The school serves grades 6–8, and has been operating since 1965. It was named for Elias Bernstein (1890–1950), a prominent Staten Island attorney and civic leader.
Administration
Dr. Nora De Rosa, the current principal, began at I.S.7 during the 2003–2004 school year. The school has four assistant principals (A.P.'s). Three A.P.'s are assigned grades. The grade A.P. follows the grade from 6th through 8th grades. This assures continuity with students and helps foster a bond between the specific grade and the A.P. The fourth A.P. serves administrative functions for a year (e.g. testing coordinator). The school also has three grade Deans. The Deans are assigned a specific grade and do not change. This facilitates an easy transition for the students and the Assistant Principals as they move from grade to grade. Lastly, each grade has a teacher who also serves as the "Grade Leader". In addition to their teaching duties, these teachers assist the school in many activities from coordinating trips to designing and implementing contests for the students.
Curriculum
I.S. 7 offers the State mandated curriculum of courses (Math, L.A., Science, Social Studies, and Foreign language) as well as opportunities for students to advance themselves in Regents courses (8th grade). Additionally, I.S. 7 offers a wide range of classes that appeal to the talents and interests of the students. These classes include, Art, Band and (and Jazz band), Dance, Drama, Glee, Media Studies, and Technology. Each of the classes offers opportunities to showcase their work during the year. These showcases include, but are not limited to, concerts, plays, and galleries.
Extracurricular activities
I.S. 7 offers a vast after school program. Students can participate in sports such as softball, football, basketball, volleyball and track. Furthermore, non-sport related activities include art, technology, music, and drama.
Instruction
The teachers and administration of the school consistently seek new and innovative ways to engage the students. For example, many teachers have implemented flexible seating in the classroom. Flexible seating utilizes furniture such as bean bag chairs, carpets, soft seating cafe like tables, and exercise balls. Furthermore, teachers utilize an array of technology in the classroom. The implementation of "Google Classroom" and "Pupil Path" are examples of such technology. Additionally, teachers challenge the students through group work, productive struggle as well as questioning techniques. The students at I.S. 7 are encouraged to persevere through problems as well as working closely with their classmates.
References
Notes
External links
Official Site
Official Site of PS3
Public middle schools in Staten Island
Educational institutions established in 1965
1965 establishments in New York City
WBAE (1490 kHz, "The Bay 107.1/93.5") is a commercial AM radio station licensed to Portland, Maine. Owned by Saga Communications, it broadcasts a soft adult contemporary format. Its studios and offices are located on Western Avenue in South Portland, and its transmitter is off Forest Avenue in Portland. The Bay primarily features music from soft rock artists and music of the 1970s and 80s, with a few newer titles mixed in.
WBAE can also be heard in the Portland area on its FM translator, W296CZ 107.1 MHz. The station is simulcast in York County, Maine on 1400 WVAE in Biddeford, Maine, which has its own FM translator, W228EE 93.5; the station's current branding is derived from these FM feeds.
History
WBAE was first licensed in 1946 as WMTW, broadcasting on 1490 kHz and licensed to The Yankee Network, Inc. The WMTW call sign was transferred from the original WMTW, an FM station which changed its call letters to WMNE at this time.
On August 1, 1951, WMTW changed call letters to WPOR. For much of its history, it was associated with country music, and when sister station WPOR-FM debuted in October 1967, the two stations were the primary source of country music in the Portland radio market. The AM and FM stations were mostly simulcast, although for a time, WPOR aired a satellite-delivered syndicated country music format while WPOR-FM featured local announcers and locally programmed country music.
In 1999, WPOR switched its call letters to WBAE. Its original format was adult standards, initially provided by the Music of Your Life network, and later Dial Global's Adult Standards (America's Best Music) service. WBAE was later simulcast with WVAE in Biddeford to give listeners in York County, Maine a better signal. WBAE and WVAE had an affiliation with ABC News Radio, and were the local outlets for Paul Harvey, Portland Pirates and the Portland Sea Dogs. (The Sea Dogs have moved to WPEI and WPPI; Paul Harvey died in 2009, and the Pirates have since moved to WLOB).
The stations adopted a hot talk format, dropping Adult Standards on March 4, 2009. Hot talk had been heard on co-owned WZAN before that station shifted to a political talk format. Hot talk later was replaced with an advice-oriented talk format on January 18, 2010.
The advice-talk programming included the syndicated morning show Bob and Tom from Indianapolis, syndicated family finance shows from Clark Howard and Dave Ramsey, psychological advice from The Dr. Laura Program and Dr. Joy Browne, as well as Loveline, NASCAR racing from the Motor Racing Network, and NFL football from Westwood One.
On September 15, 2009, it was announced that WBAE and WVAE would begin to broadcast the Boston Bruins. On January 16, 2012, it was announced that WBAE and WVAE would begin to broadcast the
New York Yankees.
In February 2013, WVAE split from its simulcast with WBAE, and began simulcasting the news-talk programming of co-owned WGAN, to help WGAN better cover York County. WVAE took on the call letters WGIN to echo its originating station.
After four years under the talk format, WBAE flipped back to an Adult Standards format under its original 1490 The Bay branding on October 21, 2013, utilizing programming from Westwood One's Adult Standards network, "America's Best Music." Dave Ramsey and Clark Howard moved to WZAN. Dr. Joy Browne is heard on WTSN in nearby Dover, New Hampshire. Artists heard on WBAE included The Beatles, The Carpenters, Frank Sinatra and Dionne Warwick.
On December 16, 2015, WBAE began simulcasting WZAN's talk format. WZAN's talk programming moved exclusively to WBAE on January 1, 2016, with WZAN becoming a sports radio station carrying ESPN Radio programming. In May 2016, WBAE began simulcasting on FM translator 107.1 W296CZ.
On May 7, 2018, WBAE and WVAE flipped to soft adult contemporary, once again under the branding The Bay. WVAE is simulcast on a second FM translator in Biddeford, W228EE (93.5), which concurrently launched with the flip.
References
External links
FCC History Cards for WBAE (covering 1946-1981 as WMTW / WPOR)
BAE
Soft adult contemporary radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1946
BAE
1946 establishments in Maine
Kirikkale Science High School () is a public boarding high school in Kirikkale, Turkey with a curriculum concentrated on natural sciences and mathematics. Science High Schools (Turkish: Fen Lisesi - FL) are public boarding high schools in Turkey aimed to train exceptionally talented students on a curriculum concentrated on natural sciences and mathematics. Kirikkale Science High School is ranked within the top 50 high schools in Turkey based on the success of its students in the national university entrance examination. The school admits 96 students annually. The prospective students are selected upon their performance in the national high school entrance examination with a 99.2 percentile ranking. The admissions to the science high school are through a competitive national high school entrance examination.
The first science high school was established in 1964 in Ankara with a funding from the Ford Foundation. The school was modeled after the American counterparts like the Bronx High School of Science. Due to the considerable success of its alumni in all aspects of professional life and academia, science high school concept is spread around the country and now there are public and private science high schools in all major cities. Being one of them Kirikkale Science High School is now one of the most prominent science high schools in Turkey.
The language of education is Turkish with English as a second language. Emphasis is given to mathematics and natural sciences including physics, chemistry and biology in the curriculum. There are also selective courses on advanced topics in physics, chemistry, biology, mathematics and analytical geometry.
The school has an optional boarding system with a comprehensive study program. These programs include four hours of etude sections every day divided into morning and afternoon sessions under the supervision of faculty members.
See also
Science High School (disambiguation)
References
External links
Official website
High schools in Turkey
Kırıkkale Province
Educational institutions established in 1993
1993 establishments in Turkey
World Plus was an airline ticket brokerage operated by RaeJean S. Bonham and based in Fairbanks, Alaska. The World Plus business model has been described as a Ponzi scheme, and as the largest investment scam in Alaska history.
History
Born RaeJean Franklin in 1950, they moved with their husband Steve Bonham to rural Alaska in the early 1970s. RaeJean served as the postmaster of Chatanika, a small town north of Fairbanks, until 1977 when they were convicted of embezzlement and postal money order fraud.
They moved to Fairbanks and founded World Plus, Inc. in 1983. The travel agency engaged in the black market purchase and sale of frequent flyer miles. According to the U.S. Department of Justice, Bonham's World Plus became a Ponzi scheme in 1989, when they began soliciting larger investments in order to repay previous smaller investments. Over the next six years, the number of investors grew to roughly 1,200. Total contributions have been estimated between $15.3 million and $50 million.
In December 1995, World Plus was shut down by United States bankruptcy court after attorney Ken Lougee filed a petition in behalf of three creditors for involuntary bankruptcy, which appointed trustee Larry D. Compton to investigate Bonham's transactions. Compton subpoenaed bank records to determine the extent of the rather secretive pyramid scheme, which had spread primarily by word of mouth. Upon arrival in Fairbanks, Compton claimed to have received death threats from some of the more successful investors.
In United States v. Bonham (1998), Bonham pleaded guilty to federal charges of mail fraud and money laundering. For these, they were sentenced in 1999 to two concurrent sentences of five years (two suspended) plus ten years of probation.
During Bonham's Federal sentence, the State of Alaska filed additional charges of perjury and securities fraud. Bonham successfully argued that these should be dismissed on the basis that they constituted double jeopardy, but this decision was appealed by the State and overturned in 2001.
Recovery
As of early 2008, Compton had filed 618 lawsuits against investors who had profited from their transactions with World Plus, recovering a total $18.2 million. From this sum they redistributed partial reimbursements to 697 known investors on whom Bonham had defaulted.
References
External links
World Plus Creditor Information Site maintained by Larry D. Compton
Defunct companies based in Alaska
Pyramid and Ponzi schemes
Travel agencies
American fraudsters
Companies based in Fairbanks, Alaska
Companies established in 1983
Companies disestablished in 1995
The National Association of Enrolled Agents (NAEA) is an organization of enrolled agents (EAs) in the United States. Founded in 1972, it claims a membership of 11,000 EAs.
While its mission statement presents itself publicly as an advocate of taxpayer rights, its primary functions are educating tax professionals in best practices for representing taxpayers to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), protecting the interests of the profession, and expanding the role of enrolled agents in both the public and private sectors.
Requirements
Enrolled Agent status is required for NAEA membership, although EA status does not need to be active. Inactive/retired EA's may retain their membership. NAEA members have slightly higher Continuing Professional Education requirements than is normally required by the IRS to retain EA status.
Continuing professional education
NAEA offers continuing professional education (CPE) webinars and seminars for EAs and presents a professional conference, the NTPI annually. The NTPI (National Tax Practice Institute) is a fellowship of NAEA members that meet very specific educational standards.
In addition to the CE Webinars, NAEA offers continuing education for tax professionals through the EA Journal.
Scholarships
Each year the NAEA offers scholarships through the National Association of Enrolled Agents Education Foundation (NAEA-EF). The exact number and nature of these scholarships varies slightly from year to year but they are available to both practicing Enrolled Agents and tax professionals aspiring to the position.
Organization
The NAEA is led by a board comprising two officers and twelve directors. In addition there are twelve independently chaired committees.
Affiliate Council
Audit Committee
Awards Committee
Bylaws Committee
Education Committee
Ethics and Professional Conduct Committee
Government Relations Committee
Nominating Committee
NTPI 2010 Planning Committee
PAC Steering Committee
Public Awareness Committee
Public Outreach Committee
Accreditation
NAEA is recognized and approved by the Internal Revenue Service Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) as a qualified sponsor of continuing professional education programs (Sponsor #16).
References
External links
Official Website
Tax Consulting
Taxation in the United States
Professional associations based in the United States
Business and finance professional associations
Tax practitioner associations
1972 establishments in California
The 2007 Cup of China was the third event of six in the 2007–08 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition series. It was held at the International Sports Center in Harbin on November 7–11. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2007–08 Grand Prix Final.
Results
Men
Ladies
Pairs
Jessica Miller / Ian Moram attempted a throw quadruple salchow jump in their free skating. They were credited with the rotation, but it was not landed successfully.
Ice dancing
References
External links
Official site
Cup Of China, 2007
Cup of China
Cup of China
Sport in Harbin
Aeronautical radionavigation service (short: ARNS) is – according to Article 1.46 of the International Telecommunication Union's (ITU) Radio Regulations (RR) – defined as "A radionavigation service intended for the benefit and for the safe operation of aircraft."
This service is a so-called safety-of-life service, must be protected against interference, and is an essential part of navigation.
Classification
This radiocommunication service is classified in accordance with ITU Radio Regulations (article 1) as follows:
Radiodetermination service (article 1.40)
Radiodetermination-satellite service (article 1.41)
Radionavigation service (article 1.42)
Radionavigation-satellite service (article 1.43)
Maritime radionavigation service (article 1.44)
Maritime radionavigation-satellite service (article 1.45)
Aeronautical radionavigation service (article 1.46)
Aeronautical radionavigation-satellite service (article 1.47)
Frequency allocation
The allocation of radio frequencies is provided according to Article 5 of the ITU Radio Regulations (edition 2012).
In order to improve harmonisation in spectrum utilisation, the majority of service-allocations stipulated in this document were incorporated in national Tables of Frequency Allocations and Utilisations which is within the responsibility of the appropriate national administration. The allocation might be primary, secondary, exclusive, and shared.
primary allocation: is indicated by writing in capital letters
secondary allocation: is indicated by small letters
exclusive or shared utilization: is within the responsibility of administrations
Example of frequency allocation
See also
Radio station
Radiocommunication service
References
External links
Download of the ITU RR 2012 (english)
Radiodetermination services ITU
Radio navigation
Air traffic control
Harvey Rexford Hitchcock (March 13, 1800 – August 25, 1855) was an early Protestant missionary to the Kingdom of Hawaii from the United States. With their three sons, they and their wife started a family that would influence Hawaii's history. They had at least three namesakes in the subsequent generations.
Life
Harvey Rexford Hitchcock was born March 13, 1800 in Great Barrington, Massachusetts. Their father was David Hitchcock and mother was Sarah Swan. They were the oldest son of 11 children. They graduated from Williams College in 1828, and Auburn Theological Seminary in 1831.
Their younger brother George B. Hitchcock (1812–1872) also became a minister, and was active in the American abolitionism movement known as the Underground Railroad.
They married Rebecca Howard (1808–1890) on August 26, 1831 in Auburn, New York, and sailed on November 26 to the Hawaiian Islands, as part of the fifth company from the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions. They arrived in Honolulu May 17, 1832. Also on this voyage were missionaries William P. Alexander, David Belden Lyman, and Lorenzo Lyons. Their sister Elizabeth Hitchcock (1802–1857) arrived 3 years later and in 1836 married missionary printer Edmond Horton Rogers (1806–1853).
They were assigned to start the first mission on the island of Molokai. They took a short scouting mission around the island in the summer of 1832, and in September held the first Christian service in the open air. By June 19, 1833, with the assistance of Lowell Smith (1802–189), a thatched hut was chartered as the first church in an area called Kaluaaha. Ka lua aha means "the gathering pit" in the Hawaiian language, the name of the ahupuaa (ancient Hawaiian land division) there.
On December 6, 1835 a more permanent meeting house was dedicated with a stone base and wooden frame, about long by wide. From 1843 to 1847 they were assisted by Peter Johnson Gulick (1796–1877) and their wife. An even larger church building was dedicated April 3, 1844 for the growing congregation. This stone building with plaster finish was about long by wide with a gallery level above.
Another home was built at a higher elevation called Maunaoluolu to escape the heat.
Death and legacy
The family traveled back to the United States for medical care in 1853, and returned on November 28, 1854.
They died at the Kaluaaha home August 29, 1855, and is buried on the hillside overlooking the church. The church was restored and rededicated in 1917, but after suffering from termite damage on May 15, 1967 the steeple toppled and the church was in ruins for several decades.
The small congregation maintains the site, and on September 27, 2009 had a rededication ceremony under a temporary corrugated metal roof.
It is located at near the settlement known as Pukoo.
Besides two daughters who died young in 1834 and 1838, they had three sons.
David Howard Hitchcock, born May 29, 1832, married Almeda Eliza Widger (1828–1895) March 13, 1857 and had a son also named David Howard Hitchcock (1861–1943) who was a painter. David Howard Hitchcock Sr. was a lawyer who served in the legislature of the Hawaiian Kingdom,
and partnered with their daughter Almeda Eliza Hitchcock Moore (1863–1895) who was the first woman lawyer in Hawaii.
They died December 12, 1899.
Harvey Rexford Hitchcock, Jr. (generally known as H. Rexford Hitchcock) was born in 1835 and published a dictionary of the Hawaiian language while principal of Lahainaluna School, in an effort to teach Hawaiians the English language.
They married Alice Field Hardy (1854–1895) on May 30, 1877, was elected to the House of Representatives of the Kingdom from 1862 through 1870.
They died June 6, 1891.
Edward Griffin Hitchcock was born January 20, 1837, married Mary Tenney Castle, daughter of Castle & Cooke founder Samuel Northrup Castle (1808–1894), and died October 9, 1898.
Edward and Mary also named a son Harvey Rexford Hitchcock (1864–1931), who married Hannah Julia Meyer (1866–1912), daughter of German business person Rudolph Wilhelm Meyer (1826–1897). Their son Harvey Rexford Hitchcock, Jr. (1891–1958) was on the 1913 College Football All-America Team from Harvard.
Family tree
References
1800 births
1855 deaths
People from Great Barrington, Massachusetts
American Congregationalist missionaries
Congregationalist missionaries in Hawaii
Williams College alumni
American expatriates in the Hawaiian Kingdom
Bewani-Wutung Onei Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Sandaun Province, Papua New Guinea. Bewani languages and Skou languages are spoken in the LLG.
Wards
01. Wutung (Wutung language speakers)
02. Musu (Wutung language speakers: Musu dialect)
03. Yaukono (Wutung language speakers: Nyao dialect)
04. Yako
05. Waromo (Dumo speakers)
06. Lido
07. Ningra (Ningera language speakers)
08. Rawo
09. Poko
10. Nowake
11. Laitre (Rawo language speakers)
12. Puari
13. Onei (Womo language speakers)
14. Osol
15. Krisa (I'saka language speakers)
16. Ossima (Kilmeri language speakers)
17. Kilipau
18. Ilup
19. Amoi
20. Somboi
21. Ituly
22. Skotiaho
23. Ainbai (Ainbai language speakers)
24. Sumumini
25. Imbio 2
26. Imbrinis
27. Imbrinis
References
Local-level governments of Sandaun Province
WWE Bottom Line is an American syndicated television program which recaps the events which takes place on WWE's weekly flagship program, Raw. It replaced WWE's previous syndicated highlight show, WWF LiveWire. Its name is a reference to the same catchphrase used by WWE legend, Stone Cold Steve Austin.
The show was originally broadcast domestically in the United States from May 24, 2002 to September 2005, when it was removed from domestic syndication. Following this, Bottom Line was and still is broadcast in international markets to fulfil programming commitments. It is broadcast in Italy on Dplay Plus, in Spain on GOL, in the Philippines on Solar Sports. In South Africa WWE Bottom Line airs on eKasi+ on Tuesdays at 10.00pm with a repeat the following Friday afternoon at 1.30pm.
On February 16, 2008, Bottom Line celebrated its 300th episode, just as its sister show Afterburn did on the next morning. On the December 17, 2011, Bottom Line celebrated its 500th episode, airing the 2011 Slammy Award matches and awards presentation. On July 22, 2021, Bottom Line celebrated its 1000th episode.
Hosts
Fill in guest hosts
Broadcast
WWE Bottom Line was broadcast in the United States from May 2002 to September 2005 when it was removed from syndication, however it still airs in international markets to fulfill programming commitments.
See also
WWE Afterburn
List of current WWE programming
References
External links
Bottom Line
Bottom Line
2002 American television series debuts
2010s American television series
First-run syndicated television programs in the United States
English-language television shows
P.J.J.M. (Paul) Peters (Roosteren, 1942) is a Dutch politician of the Catholic People's Party and later the Christian Democratic Appeal.
They were born as the son of the head teacher and later politician Jan Mathijs Peters. They themselves was a chief commissioner at the municipal secretariat in Ede and also a municipal councilor in Heteren before they became mayor of the Limburg municipality of Wijlre in November 1975, which ceased to exist on 1 January 1982 and was divided among the new municipalities of Margraten and Gulpen. In August 1981 Peters was appointed mayor of the municipality of Belfeld and in June 1992 they were appointed mayor of Didam. On 1 January 2005, the municipalities of Didam and Bergh merged to form the new municipality Montferland, of which Peters was acting mayor until Ina Leppink-Schuitema succeeded them there in September 2005. From June 2006 they were acting mayor of Lingewaard for almost a year.
In August 2010, they were one of the concerned CDA members who, by signing a manifesto, publicly indicated that they were against the CDA's participation in a government coalition with the support of the PVV (later the First Rutte cabinet).
References
1942 births
Living people
Catholic People's Party politicians
Christian Democratic Appeal politicians
People from Echt-Susteren
Zeleni Zub na Planeti Dosade (Green Tooth on the Boredom Planet) is the third album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, released by the Serbian record label PGP RTB in 1989.
Track listing
All tracks written by Koja.
Personnel
The band
Koja (Dušan Kojić) — bass, vocals, written by
Dule (Dušan Dejanović) — drums
Kuzma (Jurij Novoselić) — saxophone [alt]
Zerkman (Zoran Erkman) — trumpet
Additional personnel
Stanislav Milojković — photography
Šane (Dušan Petrović) — producer
Zeleni Zub (Dušan Kojić) — producer
Vinetu — producer
References
EX YU ROCK enciklopedija 1960-2006, Janjatović Petar;
Zeleni Zub na Planeti Dosade at Discogs
1990 albums
Serbian-language albums
Disciplina Kičme albums
PGP-RTB albums
The Norwegian Institute of Food, Fisheries and Aquaculture Research (also known as Nofima), is a food science research institute in Norway. The head office is located in Tromsø, with research activities in Bergen, Stavanger, Sunndalsøra, Tromsø and Ås.
Nofima was established on 1 January 2008, following a political decision to merge four research institutions (Matforsk, Fiskeriforskning, Norconserv and Akvaforsk). Nofima has approximately 390 employees.
The current CEO of Nofima is Dr Øyvind Fylling-Jensen.
References
External links
Official website
Research institutes in Norway
Independent research institutes
Food science institutes
Derrick Cameron is an American stand-up comedian who has performed on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, Comedy Central, and Comics Unleashed. They have appeared on The Bob & Tom Show and has performed in concert with Al Green and Blue Öyster Cult. Cameron also does stand-up comedy shows on Princess Cruises and Royal Caribbean International cruise ships such as Sapphire Princess, Voyager of the Seas, Anthem of the Seas, and Mariner of the Seas.
Prior to starting in comedy, Cameron was a carpet salesperson. In 1987, they won the Northern California Comedy Competition.
References
External links
American male comedians
21st-century American comedians
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Junior women's race at the 1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Durham, England, at the University of Durham on March 25, 1995. A report on the event was given in The New York Times and in the Glasgow Herald.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Junior women's race (4.47 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 108 athletes from 33 countries in the Junior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(5)
(1)
(4)
(6)
(1)
(4)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(1)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(5)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(3)
See also
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
References
Junior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1995 in women's athletics
1995 in youth sport
from Fujimi, Nagano Prefecture, is a Japanese ski mountaineer, Alpine climber, and professional mountain cameraman.
Hiraide became a serious mountain climber after joining a mountaineering club at their university. In 2001, they reached the eastern summit of Mt. Kula Kangri (7,381m) in Tibet. Their list of accomplishments includes first ascents, reaching summits without oxygen and skiing from mountain peaks. In 2009, they scaled the previously unclimbed southeastern wall of Mt. Kamet (7,756m) in India, and with partner Kei Taniguchi, became the first Japanese to receive the 17th Piolet d'Or Award, the "Academy Award" of mountaineering. They also won three Piolet d'Or Awards for their first ascent on an uncharted route with Shispare in 2017 and Rakaposhi in 2019. They also received the Japan Sports Award, sponsored by the Yomiuri Shimbun newspaper, in 2001 and 2009.
Sponsors
ICI Ishii Sports
Ternua
Zamberlan
Deuter
Adidas eyewear
SUUNTO
Selected results
Ski mountaineering
2009:
1st, Asian Championship, relay (mixed team), together with Mase Chigaya, Sato Yoshiyuki and Suzuki Keiichiro
4th, Asian Championship, individual
5th, Asian Championship, vertical race
Mountain climbing
2001
Kula Kangri East Peak (7381m), Pakistan, first ascent
Cho Oyu (8201m) China, summit, ski down from top
2003
Kunyang Chhish (7852m), Pakistan, first try, west face
2004
Golden Peak (7027m), Pakistan, new route, north west ridge, summit
Lila Peak (6200m), Pakistan, new route, east face, summit
Kunlun Mustag (6355m), China, new route, summit
2005
Mustag Ata (7564m), China, second ascent, east ridge, summit, ski down to west side
Shivling (6543m), India, new route, north face to west face, summit
2007
Shispare (7611m), Pakistan, first try, north east face
2008
Gasherbrum II (8035m), Pakistan, summit
Broad Peak (8047), Pakistan, summit
Kamet (7756m), India, new route, south east face, summit
2009
Gasherbrum I (8068m), Pakistan, Summit
Gaurishankar (7134m), China, first try, east face
2010
Ama Dablam (6856m), Nepal, first try, north west face
2011
Everest (8848m), Nepal, south side, summit
Naimonanyi (7694m), China, new route, south west ridge, summit, south peak (7200m), first ascent, first try, south east face
2012
Khan Tengri (7010m), Kazakh, north side, summit
Shispare (7611m), Pakistan, first try, south west face
2013
Everest (8848m), Nepal, summit
Diran (7266m), Pakistan, west ridge, summit
Shispare (7611m), Pakistan, first try, south west face
2014
Everest (8848m), Nepal, south side
Hkakabo Razi (5881m), Myanmar, first try, north ridge
2015
Everest (8848m), China, north side
Api (7132m), Nepal, north side, summit
2016
Everest (8848m), China, north side, summit
2017
Shispare (7611m), Pakistan, new route, north east face
2019
Rakaposhi (7788m), Pakistan, new route, south face
Mountain accident - rescue helicopter crash
On November 7, 2010 the Annapurna record-holding rescue pilot Sabin Basnyat (34 years old) and their fellow technician Purna Awale (34 years old) were killed in a crash which took place on their second flight for Kazuya Hiraide, after they had safely airlifted David Göttler on the north face of Ama Dablam.
This accident was reported in the video of Swiss broadcast SF1 with the title "Die Bergretter im Himalaya - Dokumentation" (The Rescue Team in Himalaya - Documentary).
Awards
2008: Piolet d'Or, together with for the first ascent of the South-West face of Kamet (7756m, India) in alpine style
2017: The 26th Piolet d'Or Award and The 12th Piolet d'Or Asia Award, together with Kenro Nakajima for the first ascent of the North-East face of Shispare (7611m, Pakistan) in alpine style.
2019: The 28th Piolet d'Or Award, together with Kenro Nakajima for the first ascent of the south face of Rakaposhi (7788m, Pakistan) in alpine style.
External links
Kazuya Hiraide, Skimountaineering.org
Hiraide , Ishii sports group
References
1979 births
Living people
Japanese male ski mountaineers
Japanese mountain climbers
Sportspeople from Nagano Prefecture
Priceless (known also as Priceless: She's Worth Fighting For) is a 2016 American Christian romantic drama film about human trafficking, inspired by true events. It was directed by Ben Smallbone and produced by Steve Barnett with a screenplay by Chris Dowling and Tyler Poelle. Starring singer Joel Smallbone of For King and Country, Bianca Santos, Amber Midthunder, Jim Parrack, and David Koechner, it tells the story of a man who has their life changed when they inadvertently deliver two women into the hands of sex traffickers and resolves to save them.
The film is distributed by Roadside Attractions and received a limited release on October 14, 2016, in North America, to gross $1.5 million in total box office receipts and garner mixed critical reviews.
Plot summary
The story is inspired by true events. The main character, James Stevens, after losing their wife and daughter, is unable to hold a steady job and agrees to drive a box truck across the country with no questions asked, then discovers that they are actually "delivering" two girls as part of a human trafficking ring. Stevens then must decide what to do and how to fight to shut down a trafficking ring.
Cast
Joel Smallbone as James Stevens
Bianca Santos as Antonia
Amber Midthunder as Maria
Jim Parrack as Garo
David Koechner as Dale
Sarah Minnich as Amber
Jodi Lynn Thomas as Kelli
Travis Hammer as CJ
Production
The film was announced in 2015. It was inspired by director Ben Smallbone's work on a documentary that followed a former pimp who rescued people from human trafficking, and by the band For King & Country's emphasis on respecting women. Joel Smallbone said, "Part of the DNA of For King & Country is this idea of respect and honor in relationships and women being priceless. What we've found in our beliefs as men is that people are made equal. The film continues the idea that no one is a commodity and everyone deserves to be loved and loved well."
It was filmed in Albuquerque, New Mexico, beginning in August 2015. Joel Smallbone, who is originally from Australia, worked with dialect coach Steve Corona to "play a bloke from Houston".
Roadside Attractions acquired the distribution rights to the film in August 2016. Roadside Attractions co-president Howard Cohen said, "'Priceless' is a film that will push those emotional buttons which can engage and transform."
The film was made with four members of the Smallbone family: brothers Joel, Luke, and Ben Smallbone, and their father, David Smallbone.
Release
The film debuted in a limited release in 303 theaters on October 14, 2016.
It is rated PG-13 by the MPAA for "mature thematic material involving human trafficking, and some violence."
Reception
Box office
The film grossed $703,200 from 303 theaters in its opening weekend, with an average of $2,321 per theater.
Critical reception
The film has received mixed reviews from critics, and has a 40% approval rating on critical review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes based on 5 reviews. Joe Leydon of Variety magazine gave the film a positive review, calling it "surprisingly involving" and "slickly produced". They wrote, "director Ben Smallbone (brother of the movie's lead player) is adept at generating suspense, particularly during a scene in which James attempts a phone conversation with their daughter while bad guys lurk outside their motel room, and manages to persuasively convey the seediness, desperation, and danger that define the demimonde that Garo rules with a whim of iron. To put it another way: Priceless achieves greater impact through understatement and implication than many other similarly plotted movies do with R-rated explicitness."
Susan Wloszczyna of RogerEbert.com was negative about the film, criticizing it as "cheap and generic." They wrote, "The main intention behind 'Priceless,' besides allowing For King & Country to become involved in the movie business, seems to be a genuine desire to raise awareness of the horrors of the crime of trafficking, not that this PG-13 drama shows anything too graphic. But, on a pure entertainment level, all I know is when the end credits started rolling, I said to myself, 'Thank God.'"
Kimber Myers of the Los Angeles Times was more positive, characterizing it as a "lean drama that relies more on emotion than well-crafted dialogue or character development" and saying, "Though its obvious message may not translate well outside its intended audience, the converted will likely be entertained by the well-produced package the moving themes are delivered in."
Accompanying media
For King and Country recorded Priceless, a song which serves on the film's soundtrack. It was released as a single, and has reached #4 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
The film was adapted into a novel, titled Priceless: She's Worth Fighting For, which was released on September 6, 2016.
The Hindi remake rights are owned by Dharma Productions which will star Rajkummar Rao and Huma Qureshi.
References
External links
For King & Country confront human trafficking with ambitious new film
American romantic drama films
2016 romantic drama films
Drama films based on actual events
Roadside Attractions films
2016 films
Films shot in New Mexico
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
The 1991 NCAA Women's Division I Swimming and Diving Championships were contested at the 10th annual NCAA-sanctioned swim meet to determine the team and individual national champions of Division I women's collegiate swimming and diving in the United States.
This year's events were hosted at the Indiana University Natatorium in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Texas again topped the team standings, finishing 93 points ahead of Stanford; it was the Longhorns' second consecutive and seventh overall women's team title. The University Of Texas team consisted of: Katy Arris Wilson, Beth Barr, BJ Bedford, Julie Cooper Bliemel, Kristi Busico Metzger, Andrea Ciro, Dana Dutcher May, Mary Ellen Dwayne, Leigh Ann Fetter-Witt, Andrea Fisher, Shannon Halverson, Erica Hanson, Whitney Hedgepeth, Erica Jude Cain, Lydia Morrow Chase, Tara Nye Huntress, Garland O'Keefe Wilson, Amy Shaw Collins, Julie Sommer, Kristina Stinson Straface, Dorsey Tierney Walker, Jodi Wilson Kuhn, Head Coach Mark Schubert, Assistant Coach Jill Sterkel, Assistant Coach Cheryl Ridall
Team standings
Note: Top 10 only
(DC) = Defending champions
Full results
See also
List of college swimming and diving teams
References
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Swimming And Diving Championships
NCAA Division I Women's Swimming and Diving Championships
Rubaai ( Rupees) is a 2017 Tamil-language action drama film directed by Anbazhagan and produced by Prabhu Solomon, starring Chandran and Anandhi in the leading roles.
Plot
Two friends Bharani (Chandran) and Babu (Kishore Ravichandran) drive a commercial mini-truck for their livelihood. Hailing from Theni, they bought the vehicle on a loan and are due for payment. Luckily, they get an order to deliver the goods to Chennai. Despite the order, they fall short of money. To bridge the difference, they accept a "package and movers" job from Kunkumarajan (Chinni Jayanth). Kunkumarajan is a poor widower who lives with their daughter Ponni (Anandhi). While moving the belongings to the mini-truck, Bharani falls in love with Ponni. Due to unforeseen reasons, the destination house is unavailable for rent. An entire night, they wander around Chennai in search of a house to move-in; with their belongings in the mini-truck.
Meanwhile, Mani Sharma (Harish Uthaman) loots a finance and is forced to kill the security guard. As a result, the police intensifies the search for the accused. Mani Sharma dumps the looted money in the mini-truck to escape from the police checking. Somehow they misses retrieving the bag from the truck.
Angered that they are stalled in the middle of nowhere, Babu unpacks the belongings on the road. While doing so, they stumble upon the bag loaded with cash. Shocked with joy, Kunkumarajan gets a heart-attack. The friends take them to the hospital for treatment. Ponni is left with no money, so Bharani and Babu spend the cash from the bag for their operating expenses. After they recover, all four of them spend most of the money in purchasing properties and other stuff.
Using their wits, Mani Sharma tracks down these people. The police department have sketched Mani Sharma's face and is in the lookout for him. Can they retrieve their loot money with the police on their tail? If so, how do they retrieve the money they have already spent forms the rest of the story.
Cast
Chandran as Bharani
Anandhi as Ponni
Kishore Ravichandran as Babu
Chinni Jayanth as Kungumarajan
Harish Uthaman as Mani Sharma
R. N. R. Manohar
G. Marimuthu
Vetrivel Raja
Hello Kandasamy
Parotta Murugesh
L. V. K. Das
Munnar Subramani
Gnanavel
Mynaa Bala
Production
Prabhu Solomon agreed to produce director Anbazhagan's second film and cast Chandran and Anandhi, who had appeared together in Solomon's Kayal (2014), in the leading roles. Titled Paisa, pre-production work began in early 2015 and the team completed the first shooting schedule in May 2015. During the period, the film was often incorrectly reported in the media with the titles Paisal and Faisal. Debutant Kishore Ravichandran also portrayed a supporting role in the film at the insistence of the director and embarked on a six-month acting training programme for the film. Chinni Jayanth was selected to portray another supporting role, in a serious character, after earlier making their comeback from a hiatus with Solomon's Thodari (2016). The film progressed slowly through production and underwent a change of name to Rubaai during mid 2016.
Soundtrack
The film's music was composed by D. Imman and the album released on 26 October 2016 by Sony Music India, featuring four songs.
Release
Rubaai was released on 14 July 2017, alongside three other medium budget films, Pandigai, Gemini Ganeshanum Suruli Raajanum and Thiri. A critic from the Times of India wrote "Rubaai has an interesting plot, with a few engaging scenes but the interchanging romantic and thrilling scenes do not work always". The reviewer added that "Anbazhagan has managed to link elements like friendship, deceit, love and greediness and entertain to a good extent" and that "Harish Uthaman as the cruel baddie and Chinni Jayanth, in a different avatar as a doting dad, score above others in the movie", while "though the songs are decent enough and hummable, they mar the narration at times". The Deccan Chronicle wrote the film was "well intended but not without flaws", while The New Indian Express noted the film was not "paisa vasool".
References
External links
2017 films
Indian action drama films
Films scored by D. Imman
2010s Tamil-language films
2017 action drama films
Togo National Museum () is the national museum of Togo. It is located in the capital of Lomé.
Founded in 1975, it presents cultural and historical exhibits.
The museum showcases artifacts dating back to thousands of years, including musical instruments such as the Xalam, baskets decorated with shells and calabashes used to preserve food and water, clay pots, wood carvings, clothes, metalwork, and tobacco pipes.
References
Museums in Togo
Museums established in 1975
Buildings and structures in Lomé
National museums
1975 establishments in Togo
SM UB-154' was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat built for the German Imperial Navy () during World War I. They were never commissioned into the German Imperial Navy but surrendered to France on 9 March 1919 in accordance with the requirements of the Armistice with Germany and broken up at Brest in July 1921.
Construction
SM UB-154 was built by AG Vulcan of Hamburg and following just under a year of construction, launched at Hamburg on 7 October 1918. UB-154 carried 10 torpedoes and was armed with an deck gun. UB-154 would carry a crew of up to three officers and 31 men and had a cruising range of . UB-154 had a displacement of while surfaced and when submerged. Them engines enabled them to travel at when surfaced and when submerged.
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
German Type UB III submarines
World War I submarines of Germany
1918 ships
Ships built in Hamburg
Majiri is an administrative ward in the Manyoni District of the Singida Region of Tanzania. According to the 2002 census, the ward has a total population of 10,158.
References
Wards of Singida Region
St Edward's School Boat Club is a rowing club on the River Thames based at St Edwards School Boathouse on Godstow Road, Oxford, Oxfordshire. It is the rowing club belonging to St Edward's School, Oxford (also known as Teddies).
History
Rowing is one of the sports available for pupils as an extracurricular activity at the School. Old St Edwards or OSE (former pupils) have their own rowing club called the Martyrs. The club is responsible for the founding of the National Schools' Regatta which was first raced in 1947 as the "Colts and Third Eights Regatta". A teacher called Desmond Hill who was responsible for the rowing at the School invited teams from Shrewsbury, Bedford and Radley to race against St. Edwards in Godstow. The club has won the coveted 'Triple' (Princess Elizabeth Challenge Cup at Henley Royal Regatta, the Queen Mother Cup at the National Schools' Regatta and the Schools' Head of the River Race) on one occasion in 1984.
Honours
National champions
Key
M men, O open, W women, +coxed, -coxless, x sculls, J junior, 18 16 age groups
Schools' Head of the River
National Schools' Regatta
Henley Royal Regatta
See also
Rowing on the River Thames
References
Sport in Oxfordshire
Sport in Oxford
Organisations based in Oxford
Buildings and structures in Oxford
Buildings and structures on the River Thames
Rowing clubs in England
Rowing clubs in Oxfordshire
Rowing clubs of the River Thames
Scholastic rowing in the United Kingdom
Les Actes des Apotres (French: The Acts of the Apostles) was a French royalist newspaper that was published from 1789 to 1791 during the French Revolution.
The first number of Les Actes appeared on 2 November 1789, and subsequent issues at two-day intervals thereafter. Edited by Antoine de Rivarol, its contributors included Louis de Champcenetz, Gérard de Lally-Tollendal, the Comte de Montlosier, Jean-Gabriel Peltier, and Francois Suleau.
The paper's editorial tone was variously described as satirical, cynical, and "scurrilous and obscene". The historian L. G. Wickham Legg wrote of Les Actes, "The royalist paper, indeed, is composed, not so much of comments on the events of the time, as of personal attacks directed against all who differ, even slightly, from the writers." Its authors expressed "a blind hatred for the people, and for the crowd of women who had dared to shake the pedestal of the monarchy. These men met at 'evangelical banquets'...They specialized in humorous denunciations of the patriots' 'plots', and embraced the dogma of monarchy at a time when it seemed most threatened." According to Henri Van Laun,
It was, once again, the natural French weapon in the hands of Frenchmen, satire of the most delicate kind, alternating with satire of a kind by no means delicate, irony, persifflage, innuendo, suggestion which cut and wounded to the quick, and which was more formidable, and consequently more resented, than the most outrageous invective or the most severe logic.
Occasionally the objects of the paper's scorn retaliated with violence, including an incident in which a Paris mob publicly burned copies of Les Actes as a gesture of defiance.
The paper ceased publication in October 1791. The Catholic Encyclopedia would later describe it as "the most important organ of the Royalist opposition."
Les Actes des Apotres is mentioned repeatedly in Rafael Sabatini's novel Scaramouche, where it is characterized as "the mocking organ of the Privileged party, so light-heartedly and provocatively edited by a group of gentlemen afflicted by a singular mental myopy."
See also
Journal des débats
L'Ami du peuple
Le Vieux Cordelier
References
External links
1873 collected edition of Les Actes des Apotres
1789 establishments in France
Defunct newspapers published in France
Newspapers of the French Revolution
Publications established in 1789
Publications disestablished in 1791
1791 disestablishments in France
Praedial larceny is the theft of agriculture produce. While such theft is almost universal, this term is primarily used in the Caribbean region where it is widely acknowledged to be a practice negatively impacting development of agriculture.
The costs of praedial larceny
Praedial larceny of crops, livestock, and fish and seafood (including the products of aquaculture) results in farmers and fishers suffering heavy losses, making them reluctant to invest. USAID has noted that praedial larceny, “robs legitimate producers, stifles incentives for farming entrepreneurs and, adversely affects the poor”. Furthermore, it acts as a strong disincentive for younger people to stay on the land, which is also a worldwide problem.
A Caribbean-wide study by FAO found that 98% of all producers surveyed had experienced produce theft, amounting to over 300,000 fisherfolk families and well over a million crop and livestock farmers. More than 90% of those interviewed agreed that it was the single greatest disincentive to investment in agriculture. Praedial larceny is no longer just a petty crime but something that is conducted on a large scale. According to FAO, thefts have involved truckloads of bananas, a field of pineapples, or the contents of an aquaculture pond. Some aquaculture farmers have closed down their business because of heavy losses and high security costs.
In addition to its economic consequences, praedial larceny also has implications for food safety. There is a minimum time between application of a pesticide and when the produce can be harvested. While farmers usually follow the recommendations, persons stealing a crop usually have no idea when the farmers applied the chemicals, thereby potentially endangering the lives of people who end up buying the produce.
Possible solutions
Most Caribbean governments have passed legislation intended to protect against praedial larceny but this has been relatively unsuccessful. Steps taken have included farmer and trader registration, limits on the times when products can be transported, the requirement for traders to issue receipts and keep copies, steps to address traceability, a Praedial Larceny Offenders Registry, and a Praedial Larceny hotline. In Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, for example, farmers are required to be registered and issued with an ID Card, to place an identification mark on all agricultural produce or livestock being transported, to ensure the identification of the goods can be easily seen by the police, and to always be able to produce a valid farmers' ID card, a seller's certificate, and a receipt or other acceptable explanation for being in possession of the goods. But such measures have received little support in the Caribbean, from either farmers or the authorities and have had little impact. The use of heavy fines has been advocated in Jamaica but the detection rate is very low rendering the threat of fines meaningless. Community policing by the farmers has possibilities as strangers can be monitored. Building fences can also offer some protection, although some farmers find the cost of these to be too high.
Attention is now being paid to the potential for ICTs to be used to protect against praedial larceny. Applications to be considered have included one to enable the police in Jamaica to more easily verify information, such as the crops the farmer is registered as growing, provided by those transporting crops. The Application permits a database query related to the farmer's identification number.
References
Agriculture
Theft
"Brightside" is a song by Swedish electropop duo Icona Pop. It was written by Frederic Kennett, Joni Fatora, Mr. Rogers, and Icona Pop, while being produced by Kennett and Rogers. It was released on 21 October 2016, through TEN Music Groups, Atlantic Records and Warner Music Group.
Track listing
Credits and personnel
Credits adapted from Genius.
Icona Pop – composing, vocals
Mr. Rogers - composing, producing
Frederic Kennett - composing, producing
Joni Fatora - composing
Delbert Bowers - mixing
Chris Gehringer - mastering
Charts
References
2016 singles
2016 songs
Icona Pop songs
Songs written by Aino Jawo
Atlantic Records singles
Songs written by Caroline Hjelt
A line group is a mathematical way of describing symmetries associated with moving along a line. These symmetries include repeating along that line, making that line a one-dimensional lattice. However, line groups may have more than one dimension, and they may involve those dimensions in its isometries or symmetry transformations.
One constructs a line group by taking a point group in the full dimensions of the space, and then adding translations or offsets along the line to each of the point group's elements, in the fashion of constructing a space group. These offsets include the repeats, and a fraction of the repeat, one fraction for each element. For convenience, the fractions are scaled to the size of the repeat; they are thus within the line's unit cell segment.
One-dimensional
There are 2 one-dimensional line groups. They are the infinite limits of the discrete two-dimensional point groups Cn and Dn:
Two-dimensional
There are 7 frieze groups, which involve reflections along the line, reflections perpendicular to the line, and 180° rotations in the two dimensions.
Three-dimensional
There are 13 infinite families of three-dimensional line groups, derived from the 7 infinite families of axial three-dimensional point groups. As with space groups in general, line groups with the same point group can have different patterns of offsets. Each of the families is based on a group of rotations around the axis with order n. The groups are listed in Hermann-Mauguin notation, and for the point groups, Schönflies notation. There appears to be no comparable notation for the line groups. These groups can also be interpreted as patterns of wallpaper groups wrapped around a cylinder n times and infinitely repeating along the cylinder's axis, much like the three-dimensional point groups and the frieze groups. A table of these groups:
The offset types are:
None. Offsets along the axis include no offsets around it to within repeats of the unit cell around the axis.
Helical offset with helicity q. For a unit offset along the axis, there is an offset of q around it. A point that has repeated offsets will trace out a helix.
Zigzag offset. Helical offset of 1/2 relative to the unit cell around the axis.
Note that the wallpaper groups pm, pg, cm, and pmg appear twice. Each appearance has a different orientation relative to the line-group axis; reflection parallel (h) or perpendicular (v). The other groups have no such orientation: p1, p2, pmm, pgg, cmm.
If the point group is constrained to be a crystallographic point group, a symmetry of some three-dimensional lattice, then the resulting line group is called a rod group. There are 75 rod groups.
The Coxeter notation is based on the rectangular wallpaper groups, with the vertical axis wrapped into a cylinder of symmetry order n or 2n.
Going to the continuum limit, with n to ∞, the possible point groups become C∞, C∞h, C∞v, D∞, and D∞h, and the line groups have the appropriate possible offsets, with the exception of zigzag.
Helical symmetry
The groups Cn(q) and Dn(q) express the symmetries of helical objects. Cn(q) is for n helices oriented in the same direction, while Dn(q) is for n unoriented helices and 2n helices with alternating orientations. Reversing the sign of q creates a mirror image, reversing the helices' chirality or handedness.
Nucleic acids, DNA and RNA, are well known for their helical symmetry. Nucleic acids have a well-defined direction, giving single strands C1(q). Double strands have opposite directions and are on opposite sides of the helix axis, giving them D1(q).
See also
Point group
Space group
One-dimensional symmetry group
Frieze group
Rod group
References
Euclidean symmetries
Discrete groups
The Great Seal Act 1688 (1 Will & Mary c 21) is an Act of the Parliament of England. section 1 of the Act is still in force in Great Britain.
The Act was passed because the office of Lord Chancellor had been put in commission (that is, divided between several officers at the same time, instead of being held by a single individual). Section 1 of the Act states that the commissioners are to be called Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of England, and that each lord commissioner is to have the same powers as the Lord Chancellor has. Each lord commissioner is to rank in the order of precedence after the Speaker of the House of Commons. The office was last in commission in 1850.
the Lord Chancellor is Brandon Lewis.
Repeals
The rest of the Act has been repealed. Sections 2 and 3 were repealed by section 8(2) of, and Part I of Schedule 5 to, the Justices of the Peace Act 1968. Sections 4 to 6 were repealed by Schedule 4 to the Local Government (Clerks) Act 1931. Sections 7 and 8 were repealed by Schedule 1 to the Statute Law Revision Act 1948. Section 9 was repealed by section 4 of the Lancaster County Clerk Act 1871.
References
Halsbury's Statutes,
External links
The Great Seal Act 1688, as amended from the National Archives.
Acts of the Parliament of England
1688 in law
1688 in England
St. Amant (1901–1920) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. In a career that lasted from 1903 to 1906, they ran twenty-one times and won six races. As a three-year-old in 1904, they won both the 2000 Guineas Stakes and the Derby, but they failed to win the English Triple Crown when they were well beaten in the St. Leger by the filly Pretty Polly. They were kept in training for two more seasons but won only one more race before being retired.
Background
St. Amant was bred by their owner, Leopold de Rothschild, at their Southcourt Stud at Leighton Buzzard in Bedfordshire. Their sire St. Frusquin was an outstanding racehorse who won the 2000 Guineas Stakes and the Eclipse Stakes in 1896. As a stallion they were leading sire in Great Britain and Ireland on two occasions and sired the Classic winners Rosedrop (1910 Epsom Oaks), Flair (1906 1000 Guineas) and Quintessence (1903 1000 Guineas). St. Amant's dam, Lady Loverule, never appeared in a race but was descended from the 1867 Oaks winner Hippia.
St. Amant was trained for most their career by Alfred Hayhoe at Palace House, Newmarket, Suffolk.
Racing career
1903: two-year-old season
St. Amant was one of the best two-year-old colts of their generation, but was no match for the filly Pretty Polly who beat them easily on the two occasions they met. They were successful at Royal Ascot on their debut in June, where they won the Coventry Stakes and followed up in the Prince of Wales's Stakes at Goodwood in July, beating Henry The First by half a length after "a grand race". They were then sent to Doncaster for the Champagne Stakes in which they finished third to Pretty Polly. They won a Rous Memorial Stakes at Newmarket in October, but later that month faced Pretty Polly again at the same course in the Middle Park Plate, regarded as the year's most important two-year-old race. They proved the best of the colts but finished three lengths behind the filly.
At the end of the year, St. Amant had done enough to establish themselves as a contender for the following year's Derby, a race in which Pretty Polly had not been entered. The bookmakers offered them at 5/1 for the Epsom and they went into the winter as joint-favourite with Henry The First.
1904: three-year-old season
On their three-year-old debut, St. Amant started odds on favourite for a Biennial Stakes at Newmarket in which they were beaten by Their Majesty. They showed an unpleasant side to their character by attempting to bite the rider of the winner during the race, and was fitted with blinkers from then on. They were nevertheless made 11/4 favourite for the 2000 Guineas on 27 April. After tracking Henry The First in the early stages, they took the lead two furlongs out, pulled well clear and won easily, beating John O'Gaunt by four lengths. Their winning time was more than a second faster than that set by Pretty Polly in the 1000 Guineas at the same meeting. St. Amant's temperament problems resurfaced in the Newmarket Stakes over ten furlongs on 12 May, in which they "declined to exert himself" and finished third behind Henry The First and John O'Gaunt. The performance led some to question the colt's attitude and "courage", with one observer describing them as a "thorough rogue" and their odds for the Derby drifted out from 9/4 favourite to 5/1.
At Epsom St. Amant was ridden as at Newmarket by Kempton Cannon, in an unusually small field of eight runners. The French-trained colt Gouvernant started 7/4 favourite in front of a crowd which included the King and the Prince of Wales. The race was run in a violent thunderstorm, which appeared to adversely affect some of the runners including Gouvernant and Henry The First but St. Amant broke quickly, opened up a clear lead, and was never headed. They won "in a canter" by three lengths from John O'Gaunt, with St Denis six lengths further back in third, being greeted by "deafening cheers" from the crowd. The enthusiastic reception was largely due to the popularity of St. Amant's owner, "Leo" Rothschild, who was well known for their charitable work. As part of the celebrations Rothschild distributed coal, groceries and money to the widows of Newmarket, and gave half a crown to every schoolchild in the neighborhood.
On 7 September, St. Amant attempted to become the second successive Triple Crown winner in the St Leger. Pretty Polly was pursuing their own version of the Triple Crown, having won both of the fillies' classics and the first meeting between the pair since their two-year-old season was highly anticipated. St. Amant was sent to the front after two furlongs in an attempt to repeat the tactics employed at Epsom, but soon after half way they "began to sulk" and dropped back. The filly won the race easily at 2/5 with St. Amant tailed off last of the six runners. They ran in a further six races before the end of the season, at least five of them at Newmarket, but failed to win. They finished a poor seventh of the nine runners behind Rock Sand in the Jockey Club Stakes, third to Lochryan in the Great Foal Stakes, third to Henry The First in the Gatwick Stakes, second to Sansovino in the Surrey Stakes and third to Bachelor's Button in the Champion Stakes. During this period they were described as "a vicious, ill-tempered brute" who had to be fitted with a muzzle during exercise.
At the end of the season St. Amant was sent to be exercised over hurdles at the stables of Tom Cannon Jr at Chattis Hill in Hampshire, in an attempt to "restore their courage".
1905: four-year-old season
As a four-year-old, St. Amant remained in the care of Tom Cannon Jr (the brother of Kempton Cannon). They were entered, but failed to appear in races such as the Lincolnshire Handicap, Ascot Gold Cup and Princess of Wales's Stakes. During the season, Rothschild received and declined an offer for St. Amant from the Russian government. They finally appeared at Newmarket on 5 October in the Jockey Club Stakes over fourteen furlongs. They started a complete outsider for the race, which with £10,000 in prize money was one of the most valuable of the season, but returned to their best to win by three quarters of a length from Polymelus. St. Amant's "resurrection" was partly attributed to a cat which had become their constant companion and apparently soothed their temperament. At the end of the year they were returned to Hayhoe.
1906: five-year-old season
St. Amant returned as a five-year-old but failed to win in four starts. Their best effort in four races came when they finished third to Pretty Polly in the Coronation Cup. They also finished third in the Princess of Wales's Stakes at Newmarket on 5 July.
Assessment
In their book A Century of Champions, John Randall and Tony Morris rated St. Amant as an "inferior" Derby winner.
In 1904, St. Amant won prize money of £11,750, placing them third on the list of the highest earners behind Rock Sand and Pretty Polly. In the 1905 list, St. Amant's sole win in the Jockey Club Stakes was enough to put them equal fourth on the list behind Cherry Lass, Val d'Or and Cicero.
Stud career
St. Amant was not a particularly successful stallion. The best of their offspring was the filly Chacolet, who was bred in England but became a champion racehorse in the United States in the early 1920s.
Pedigree
References
1901 racehorse births
1920 racehorse deaths
Epsom Derby winners
Thoroughbred family 14-e
2000 Guineas winners
Rachel Morgan Hill (born April 17, 1995) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Chicago Red Stars in the NWSL.
Early life
Hill has two brothers, Zach and Jake, and played indoor soccer with them on a team coached by their father, Mike.
ROSO Soccer Club
Hill played youth soccer from age 4 until U14 with ROSO S.C. (Rollinsford Somersworth Soccer Club). They started in the town recreation program and at age 11 started playing travel soccer with the ROSO U13 Girls travel team in 2005 and played with ROSO until 2008.
Seacoast United
Hill played youth soccer for Seacoast United from their U-14 program through U-18, winning Super Y-League national championships in 2009 (U-14) and 2011 (U-16) and playing for the WPSL Seacoast United Phantoms in 2012 and 2013.
University of Connecticut
Hill was a two-time semi-finalist for the MAC Hermann Trophy as a forward for the University of Connecticut Huskies, in 2015 and 2016. Hill was a 1st Team NSCAA All-American in 2015 and a 2nd team All-American in 2016. They scored 61 goals in 89 collegiate appearances, ranking second all-time in career goals and 4th all-time in points with 140 among University of Connecticut women's soccer players. They were the American Athletic Conference (AAC) midfielder of the year in 2016 and Offensive player of the year in 2015 & 2014.
Club career
Orlando Pride, 2017–2019
Portland Thorns FC selected Hill with the 14th pick in the 2017 NWSL College Draft and subsequently traded them to the Orlando Pride in exchange for first- and fourth-round picks in the 2018 NWSL College Draft. The Pride signed Hill in May 2017 after their college graduation, and they earned their first start on June 3.
Hill scored their first professional goal on June 28, 2017, a game-winner against Sky Blue FC. They finished their rookie season with three goals, one assist from only 14 games, 8 of which were starts. After their contract option exercised for 2018, Hill went on to play 21 games in 2018, but a nagging injury lead to their starting only seven of them. They scored four goals tying Marta as third best for the Pride. Hill had a new contract offer given at the end of the 2018 season.
Perth Glory, 2017–2019 (loan)
On October 19, 2017, Hill joined Australian club Perth Glory on loan for the 2017–18 W-League season. During their first season at Perth they finished with 9 goals, the third-most goals in the league and 6 assists, the most assists in the league.
They re-signed a loan agreement for 2018–2019 and ended the season with a further 6 goals as the team finished runners-up in the Grand Final.
Chicago Red Stars, 2020–present
On January 16, 2020, Orlando traded Hill to the Chicago Red Stars during the 2020 NWSL College Draft along with a third-round pick, Orlando's natural first-round selection in the 2021 NWSL College Draft and an undisclosed amount of allocation money in exchange for the No. 3 overall selection and a third-round pick in the 2020 draft. With the season disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic, Hill eventually made their Red Stars debut during the 2020 NWSL Challenge Cup.
Linköpings FC, 2020 (loan)
In August 2020, Hill joined Swedish Damallsvenskan club Linköpings FC on loan.
Career statistics
Club
International career
United States U-20 Women's National Team
Hill appeared for the United States U-20 women's national soccer team in the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup as a substitute against Brazil in group play.
Hill appeared for the U-20 USWNT in five CONCACAF Women's U-20 Championship matches in 2014, starting in four matches, scoring one goal, and leading the team with five assists as an attacking midfielder.
United States U-23 Women's National Team
US Soccer called Hill up to the U-23 national team in 2016 U-23 Women's Nordic Tournament in June 2016 against England, Norway, and Sweden, a tournament that the United States won.
References
External links
Orlando Pride player profile
University of Connecticut player profile
US Soccer player profile
Living people
1995 births
People from Rollinsford, New Hampshire
Sportspeople from Strafford County, New Hampshire
Soccer players from New Hampshire
American women's soccer players
UConn Huskies women's soccer players
Portland Thorns FC draft picks
Orlando Pride players
Perth Glory FC (A-League Women) players
National Women's Soccer League players
A-League Women players
Women's association football forwards
United States women's under-20 international soccer players
Chicago Red Stars players
Linköpings FC players
Damallsvenskan players
American expatriate women's soccer players
Expatriate women's footballers in Sweden
Expatriate women's soccer players in Australia
American expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
American expatriate sportspeople in Australia
The United States of America v Nolan [2015] UKSC 63 was a 2015 judgment of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom concerning the application of the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 to public administrative establishments.
Facts
Mrs Nolan worked at a watercraft repair centre in Hythe, Hampshire operated by the United States Army. In 2006 the base was closed down and Mrs Nolan was dismissed for redundancy on the day before it closed. Mrs Nolan brought a case based on the failure of the United States to consult with an employee representative when proposing to dismiss them
Judgment
Employment Tribunals
Both the Employment Tribunal and Employment Appeal Tribunal found in favour of Mrs Nolan and granted an order for remuneration for a one-month period.
Court of Appeal
Under the preliminary ruling procedure the Court of Appeal asked the Court of Justice of the European Union whether the duty to consult with an employee representative arose on a 'proposal' or a 'decision' to close the base. The European Court declined jurisdiction over the issue.
Supreme Court
The United States appealed to the Supreme Court on two key grounds. Firstly that the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 should not apply to public administrative establishments and secondly that the Secretary of State had exceeded the powers conferred by section 2 of the European Communities Act 1972 by going further than EU law required. These appeals were dismissed on the basis that just because legislation does not contain a clear exemption does not mean that the courts should read any such exemption into the legislation. On the second ground it was held that because the Trade Union and Labour Relations (Consolidation) Act 1992 had established a unified domestic regime the Secretary of State had not exceeded their powers when making the 1995 regulations.
Lord Carnwath dissented on this point and noted the importance of limiting the ministerial power to legislate outside of the normal parliamentary process.
Significance
The case will now return to the Court of Appeal where it will be decided whether the duty to consult arises when there is a proposal to make a business decision that will lead to redundancies or when that decision has been made. On this point it has been argued that:
See also
United Kingdom labour law
Redundancy in United Kingdom law
2015 Judgments of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom
European Union law
References
External links
Supreme Court judgment
Video of the judgment
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom cases
2015 in British law
2015 in case law
United Kingdom labour law
Termination of employment
United Kingdom–United States relations
Hythe, Hampshire
History of the United States Army
The Egypt lobby in the United States is a collection of lawyers, public relation firms and professional lobbyists paid directly by the government of Egypt to lobby the public and government of the United States on behalf of the interests of the government of Egypt.
A key goal of Egypt's lobbyists is to secure a large allocation of foreign aid; more than $50 billion in American aid has gone to Egypt since 1975. According to ProPublica, this massive amount of American aid has "enabled" the Egyptian government to postpone democratic reform.
According to ProPublica, in 2007-8 Egypt ranked sixth in a list of the number of meetings between lobbyists for foreign governments and members of congress.
According to The New York Times, in 2010 three of the most notable lobbyists Tony Podesta, Robert L. Livingston and Toby Moffett scored a large success on behalf of the government of Egypt by persuading American senators to stop passage of a bill in the United States Senate calling on Egypt to "curtail human rights abuses." Their success is credited with condoning the abuses that brought about the 2011 Egyptian revolution. In the lobbying campaign, former member of congress from Connecticut Toby Moffat told their former colleagues that the bill "would be viewed as an insult" and that it would be wrong to insult an important ally. "We were just saying to them, 'Don't do this now to our friends in Egypt,' " they said. In the wake of President Mubarak's resignation, lobbyists Podesta, Moffat and Livingston continue to share "a joint, multimillion-dollar (lobbying) contract with Egypt."
References
Egypt–United States relations
Lobbying in the United States
Rama Subramaniam Gandhi was Deputy Governor of Reserve Bank of India from 2014 to 2017. Currently they are a freelance adviser and consultant in financial sector policy and regulation, payment systems, FinTech & currency management.
They were appointed as Deputy Governor in April 2014. During the three years in office as Deputy Governor, they held the portfolio of banking, non-banking and cooperative banking regulation, risk management (financial and operational risk management, internal control, and financial stability) and currency management. During the last year of their term, they held the portfolio of financial market regulation, foreign exchange and external reserves management, accounts, payment systems, information technology and currency management. For a brief period, they were one of the members of the first Monetary Policy Committee. As the Deputy Governor, they were Chairman of Bharatiya Reserve banknote Mudran Private Ltd (the currency printing subsidiary of the Reserve Bank) and Chairman of the IDRBT (a Banking technology research institute promoted by the Reserve Bank).
Early life and education
R. Gandhi was born in 1956 in Devanallur, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu. They obtained their undergraduate degree in Economics from V.O.Chidambaram College, Thoothukudi. They obtained their post graduation in Economics from the Annamalai University. They also have post graduate level qualifications in Capital Markets and Management Information System from City University of New York and the American University respectively. Further, they also studied Gandhian Thoughts at Madurai University.
Personal life
 They are married and their wife is a professor of psychology and a practising counsellor. They have two sons, both of them are in the US. One is a chip design engineer and the other runs a startup in milk research technology.
Career in RBI
Gandhi joined Reserve Bank of India in 1980. They worked in diverse areas including currency management and information technology and was also the Executive Assistant to the RBI Governor for more than three years. They had a brief stint at the Securities Exchange Board of India.
They were elevated to the position of Executive Director of RBI on 1 March 2011. As executive director they looked after Internal Debt Management and Currency Management, besides the strategic and crucial area of Human Resource Management. They were appointed as Deputy Governor on 3 April 2014.
Important assignments
Deputy Governor, Reserve Bank of India
Director, Institute for Development & Research in Banking Technology
Chairman, Bharatiya Reserve banknote Mudran Private Ltd
Chairman, Working Group on IT Support for Urban Cooperative Banks
Chairman, Panel on Regulatory Mechanism for Credit Cards
Chairman, Working Group on Enhancing Liquidity to Government Securities & Interest Rate Derivatives Market
Chairman, Implementation Group on OTC Derivatives Market Reforms
See also
R Gandhi - Executive Profile
References
1956 births
Living people
Indian bankers
Businesspeople from Tamil Nadu
This is a list of nicknames of prime ministers of India that were or are in common usage.
Jawaharlal Nehru
Full name: Jawaharlal Nehru
Pandit, for their Kashmiri Pandit ancestry.
Chacha (Hindi: Uncle), as they were better known among children.
Lal Bahadur Shastri
Full name: Lal Bahadur Shastri
Man of Peace
Nanhe (Hindi: Short) was their childhood nickname.
Indira Gandhi
Full name: Indira Priyadarshini Gandhi
Priyadarshini, (Sanskrit: dear to the sight), was not only their nickname but their official middle name.
Mother India, a biographical book written on them by Pranay Gupte.
Iron Lady of India, to iterate their gutsy matriarchal charisma.
Durga, a nickname that is rumoured to be given to them by Atal Bihari Vajpayee after they won the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. Although Vajpayee strongly refused having called them so.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee
Full name: Atal Bihari Vajpayee
Ajatashatru (Sanskrit: having no enemy), for having a perpetual good-man aura and no enemies even from the opposing sides.
Bhishma Pitamaha, a nickname that is given to them by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.
H. D. Deve Gowda
Full name: Haradanahalli Doddegowda Deve Gowda
Mannina Maga (Kannada: Son of the Soil), for iterating that they are down-to-earth and cares for the poor.
Dodda Gowdaru (Kannada: Senior Gowda), for disambiguating them from their children or anybody else with the Gowda title.
Narendra Modi
Full name: Narendra Damodardas Modi
NaMo, a portmanteau derived from their first and last names.
Modiji, a heavily used colloquial term to refer to him.
Chaiwala, (Hindi: Tea-seller), a nickname that was popular among their supporters during 2014 Indian general election.
Chowkidar, (Hindi:, a self-styled nickname that was popular among their supporters during 2019 Indian general elections.
References
India
India
Nicknames of the prime ministers of India
Nicknames
The Junior men's race at the 1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Budapest, Hungary, at the Kincsem Park on March 26, 1994. A preview on the event was given in the Herald, and a report in The New York Times.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Junior men's race (8.14 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 189 athletes from 48 countries in the Junior men's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(6)
(4)
(5)
(4)
(4)
(5)
(5)
(2)
(4)
(6)
(2)
(6)
(1)
(6)
(5)
(6)
(4)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(1)
(4)
(5)
(2)
(6)
(5)
(1)
(6)
(5)
(6)
(5)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(1)
(3)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(5)
(1)
(1)
See also
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior women's race
1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Junior men's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1994 in youth sport
Trevor Alfred Painter (2 July 1949 – 9 April 2012) was an English footballer who played in the Football League as a defender for Norwich City and Colchester United.
Career
Born in Norwich, Painter had initially trialled at Ipswich Town but signed as an apprentice with Norwich City in May 1966. They were captain of both Norwich and Norfolk boys teams and made 103 reserve team appearances, but could only muster two Football League appearances between turning professional in 1967 and signing for Colchester United in 1970.
Colchester manager Dick Graham signed Painter in April 1970, but they did not make their first (and only) appearance until December of the same year. The game was a 1–0 defeat at Layer Road to Chester City on 18 December.
They were released by Colchester at the end of the 1970–71 season, joining King's Lynn and spending three years with the club. They later joined Lowestoft Town but rarely featured. They became an insurance worker in Norwich following their full-time football career.
Painter died in Drayton, Norfolk, in 2012 at the age of 62.
References
1949 births
2012 deaths
Footballers from Norwich
English footballers
Association football defenders
Norwich City F.C. players
Colchester United F.C. players
King's Lynn F.C. players
Lowestoft Town F.C. players
English Football League players
People from Drayton, Norfolk
Mark Anthony Malogorski (born 31 January 1970) is a Maltese international lawn bowler.
Bowls career
Malogorski was selected as part of the five-man team by Malta for the 2020 World Outdoor Bowls Championship
They won a pairs bronze medal (with Brendan Aquilina), at the 2019 Atlantic Bowls Championships.
In 2022, Malogorski was selected for the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham. They competed in the men's fours at the 2022 Games.
References
Living people
Maltese bowls players
1970 births
Bowls players at the 2022 Commonwealth Games
The most popular Latin pop songs in 2000, ranked by radio airplay audience impressions and measured by Nielsen BDS.
References
United States Latin Pop Airplay
2000
2000 in Latin music
Gillian Bouras (born 1945) is an expatriate Australian writer who has written several books, short stories and articles, many of these dealing with their experiences as an Australian woman in Greece.
Life
Gillian Bouras was born in Melbourne in 1945. Both their parents and their grandfather were school teachers. Them childhood was spent moving in several towns in Australia Victoria, including Nhill and Beechworth, and Melbourne.
Gillian Bouras studied for their Bachelor of Arts at the University of Melbourne, and from 1967 to 1980 they worked as a secondary school teacher of English. In 1981 Mrs Bouras completed their Master of Education thesis at the same university on the life of their grandfather: School teacher in Victoria: The biography of Arthur John Hicks.
They married George Bouras, a Greek emigrant to Australia, in 1969. In 1980 Gillian went with their husband and their two sons to the Peloponnese area of Greece, initially for a six-month holiday, but the family stayed. They had their third son in Greece, and eventually became a Greek citizen.
In 1996, their younger sister Jacqui committed suicide, after decades of mental illness. Bouras' book, No Time for Dances, explores their sister's life in an attempt to understand their suicide. Gillian Bouras wrote: "I keep trying to close a mental door, or to put a very firm lid on these questions, for there are no answers, and writing them down is one way of attempting closure."
Gillian Bouras now lives in the Peloponnese, Greece, but they maintain their ties with Australia.
Career
Bouras published their first book, the autobiographical A Foreign Wife, in 1986. It describes their life as a foreign wife in Greece, and the challenges they faced in living in Greek culture and society. Most of the works they have published since then, both autobiographical and fiction, explore the themes of exile, cultural identity, and family.
Gillian Bouras also published short stories and articles in newspapers and journals such as The Griffith Review, Meanjin and Island. They have presented papers at conferences and participated in literary events, in Australia and abroad.
Since approximately 2000, Gillian Bouras prepared discussion notes for the book group program managed by the Australian Council of Adult Education (CAE).
Awards and nominations
1994: Aphrodite and the Others: Ethnic Affairs Commission Award in the New South Wales Premier's Literary Awards
2007: No Time for Dances: Shortlisted for the National Biography Award
Works
Non-fiction
A Foreign Wife (1986)
A Fair Exchange (1991)
Aphrodite and the Others (1994)
Starting Again (1999)
No Time for Dances: A Memoir of my Sister (2006)
Adult fiction
A Stranger Here (1996)
Children's fiction
Saving Christmas (2000)
Aphrodite Alexandra (2007)
Notes
External links
"Gillian Bouras: A Sister's Story", on ABC Radio National Life Matters, 2006-05-18 Accessed: 2007-11-12
Gillian Bouras Website Accessed 2010-03-12
References
Bouras, Gillian (c.2003) Submission No. 179 to the Senate Inquiry into Australian Expatriates Accessed: 2007-11-12
Bouras, Gillian (2006) No Time for Dances: A Memoir of My Sister, Camberwell, Penguin
Good Reading Magazine News Archive, 2007-03-19 Accessed: 2007-11-12
National Library of Australia, Papers of Gillian Bouras, Ms7993 Accessed: 2007-11-12
Wilde, William H., Hooton, Joy and Andrews, Barry (1994) The Oxford Companion to Australian Literature 2nd ed., Melbourne, Oxford University Press
1945 births
Australian women novelists
Australian memoirists
Australian women short story writers
Australian children's writers
Australian expatriates in Greece
Living people
20th-century Australian novelists
Writers from Melbourne
Australian women memoirists
Australian women children's writers
20th-century Australian women
University of Melbourne alumni
20th-century Australian short story writers
21st-century Australian short story writers
21st-century Australian women writers
University of Melbourne women
Masjid Tanah is a federal constituency in Alor Gajah District, Malacca, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 March 2018, the Masjid Tanah constituency has a total of 30 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Malacca federal constituencies
Crawford County is a county located in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of 2020, the population was 10,526. The county seat is English.
Geography
According to the 2010 census, the county has a total area of , of which (or 99.00%) is land and (or 1.00%) is water. Much like the rest of Southern Indiana Crawford County is made up of many wooded hills.
Cities and towns
Alton
English
Leavenworth
Marengo
Milltown
Unincorporated areas
Beechwood
Carefree
Curby
Eckerty
Fredonia
Grantsburg
Mifflin
Riceville
Riddle
Sulphur
Taswell
West Fork
Wickliffe
Townships
Boone
Jennings
Johnson
Liberty
Ohio
Patoka
Sterling
Union
Whiskey Run
Major highways
Interstate 64
Indiana State Road 37
Indiana State Road 62
Indiana State Road 64
Indiana State Road 66
Indiana State Road 145
Indiana State Road 164
Indiana State Road 237
Adjacent counties
Orange County (north)
Washington County (northeast)
Harrison County (east)
Meade County, Kentucky (south)
Perry County (southwest/CT Boundary)
Dubois County (west)
National protected area
Hoosier National Forest (part)
History
Crawford County was formed on January 5, 1818, from land in the Harrison, Orange and Perry counties, prompted by petition of what would become Crawford County's population. Some say it was named for William H. Crawford, who was U.S. Treasury Secretary in 1818. Others say it was named for Col. William Crawford, who fought in the French and Indian War and Revolutionary War, and who was burned and scalped by Indians in 1782 in what is now Wyandot County, Ohio. The county seat was in Leavenworth for several decades but eventually moved to English.
Bands of "White Caps" terrorized the county in the late 1880s, according to a report by Attorney General Louis T. Michener. Blacks and others they disliked were forced out; victims both male and female were severely whipped.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in English have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1977 and a record high of was recorded in July 1983. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in October to in May.
Government
The county government is a constitutional body, and is granted specific powers by the Constitution of Indiana, and by the Indiana Code.
County Council: The county council is the fiscal branch of the county government and controls all the spending and revenue collection in the county. Representatives are elected from county districts. The council members serve four-year terms. They are responsible for setting salaries, the annual budget, and special spending. The council also has limited authority to impose local taxes, in the form of an income and property tax that is subject to state level approval, excise taxes, and service taxes.
Board of Commissioners: The executive body of the county is made of a board of commissioners. The commissioners are elected county-wide, in staggered terms, and each serves a four-year term. One of the commissioners, typically the most senior, serves as president. The commissioners are charged with executing the acts legislated by the council, collecting revenue, and managing the day-to-day functions of the county government.
Court: The county maintains a small claims court that can handle some civil cases. The judge on the court is elected to a term of four years and must be a member of the Indiana Bar Association. The judge is assisted by a constable who is also elected to a four-year term. In some cases, court decisions can be appealed to the state level circuit court.
County Officials: The county has several other elected offices, including sheriff, coroner, auditor, treasurer, recorder, surveyor, and circuit court clerk. Each of these elected officers serves a term of four years and oversees a different part of county government. Members elected to county government positions are required to declare a party affiliation and to be residents of the county.
Crawford County is part of Indiana's 9th congressional district and is represented in Congress by Republican Trey Hollingsworth. It is also part of Indiana Senate district 47 and Indiana House of Representatives district 73.
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 10,713 people, 4,303 households, and 2,991 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 5,520 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 97.4% white, 0.4% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.2% Asian, 0.1% Pacific islander, 0.6% from other races, and 1.1% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.2% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 23.8% were German, 17.4% were Irish, 13.4% were American, and 8.7% were English.
Of the 4,303 households, 30.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 54.6% were married couples living together, 9.7% had a female householder with no husband present, 30.5% were non-families, and 25.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.48 and the average family size was 2.95. The median age was 41.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $47,697 and the median income for a family was $46,073. Males had a median income of $36,465 versus $26,005 for females. The per capita income for the county was $18,598. About 17.4% of families and 18.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 25.0% of those under age 18 and 15.0% of those age 65 or over.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Crawford County, Indiana
References
Sources
External links
Crawford County Economic Development Office
Official Crawford County Tourism Site
CCCN.net The Homepage for Crawford County Indiana
Indiana State Library County Names List
Indiana counties
1818 establishments in Indiana
Populated places established in 1818
Indiana counties on the Ohio River
Sundown towns in Indiana
Uenia Fernandes de Souza (born August 12, 1984) is a female professional racing cyclist from Brazil.
Doping
On November 21, 2015, it emerged that de Souza had returned a positive drugs test for EPO and was subsequently suspended for 30 days.
Palmares
2004
1st Copa América de Ciclismo
2005
1st Copa da Republica de Ciclismo
5th Copa América de Ciclismo
2007
1st Stage 3 part b Vuelta Ciclista Femenina a El Salvador, Multiplaza
4th Copa América de Ciclismo
2008
1st Copa América de Ciclismo
2015
Military World Games Team Road Race
References
External links
1984 births
Living people
Brazilian female cyclists
Cyclists at the 2007 Pan American Games
Place of birth missing (living people)
Pan American Games competitors for Brazil
Sportspeople from Pernambuco
Robert W. Hines (1912-1994), was an American wildlife artist who had a long career with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service.
Born in Columbus, Ohio, Hines had virtually no formal training in art or in wildlife science, yet by the age of twenty-seven they were working as staff artist with the Ohio Division of Wildlife, and in 1947 (or 1948) they accepted a similar position with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS). They illustrated many works for the USFWS, including Ducks at a Distance, Migration of Birds, Fifty Birds of Town and City, Wildlife Portrait Series (including Song Birds and Alaska). Their illustrations were also used in such works as Wildlife in America by Peter Matthiessen, Ducks, Geese, and Swans of North America (both the Bellrose edition and the new 2014 edition by Guy Baldassarre), Runes of the North by Sigurd F. Olson and in Rachel Carson's Under the Sea Wind.
References
Juriga, John D. Bob Hines: National Wildlife Artist. Beaver's Pond Press, Edina, MN. 2012.
External links
USFWS, Ducks at a Distance—brief biography
biography at Russell Fink Gallery
Fifty Birds of Town and City: Complete book online.
USFWS line art by Bob Hines
1912 births
1994 deaths
American bird artists
American illustrators
Old Ministers' Hill Ward is a ward located under Nagaland's capital city, Kohima. The ward falls under the designated Ward No. 14 of the Kohima Municipal Council.
Education
Educational Institutions in Old Ministers' Hill Ward:
Dainty Buds School
Ministers' Hill Baptist Higher Secondary School
RDNUMS School
See also
Municipal Wards of Kohima
References
External links
Map of Kohima Ward No. 14
Kohima
Wards of Kohima
Cahul County was a county () in Moldova from 1998 to 2003, with the seat at Cahul. Its population in 2002 was 179,209.
The county bordered Romania (west) and Ukraine (southeast), with the Moldovan counties of Lăpuşna and Taraclia County (in the Autonomous Territorial Unit of Gagauzia).
Description
Cahul County was formed in 1998 on the territory of the former Moldovan districts of Cahul, Cantemir and Vulcănești.
Geographically, the county was located in Prutul de Jos Plain, the Western Black Sea Plain, and Tigheci Plateau.
History
On 22 October 1999, part of Cahul County was detached and established as Taraclia County.
References
Counties of Moldova, Statoids.com
Counties of Moldova
Counties of Bessarabia
1998 establishments in Moldova
2003 disestablishments in Moldova
States and territories established in 1998
States and territories disestablished in 2003
Gamage Haththotuwa Weerasumana Weerasinghe (born 17 November 1975) is a Sri Lankan politician, former provincial minister and Member of Parliament.
Weerasinghe was born on 17 November 1975. They were educated at St. Thomas' College, Matara.  They are a member of the Communist Party of Sri Lanka.
Weerasinghe was a member of Kotagala Divisional Council and the Southern Provincial Council where they held a provincial ministerial portfolio. They were dismissed from their ministerial position in September 2017 for voting against the proposed 20th amendment to the Constitution of Sri Lanka. They contested the 2020 parliamentary election as a Sri Lanka People's Freedom Alliance electoral alliance candidate in Monaragala District and was elected to the Parliament of Sri Lanka.
References
1975 births
Alumni of St. Thomas' College, Matara
Communist Party of Sri Lanka politicians
Local authority councillors of Sri Lanka
Living people
Members of the 16th Parliament of Sri Lanka
Members of the Southern Province Board of Ministers
Sinhalese politicians
Sri Lankan Buddhists
Sri Lanka People's Freedom Alliance politicians
United People's Freedom Alliance politicians
The 2009 season is Adelaide United Women's second season in the W-League.
Review
September
This season saw drastic squad changes after a disappointing inaugural season, including new signing Christina Papageorgiou taking the captaincy. However, Adelaide still struggled in the league failing to win a single game, and finished seventh ahead of the Newcastle Jets.
March
Racheal Quigley was named Adelaide United 2009/10 Westfield W-League Most Valuable Player.
Players
Transfers
In
Out
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
1Short-term injury cover
Competitions
W-League
League table
Results by matchday
Matches
References
External links
Official club website
2009
Adelaide United
John Stagg (1770–1823) was an English poet from Cumberland, where they were known as the "blind bard".  They are now remembered for "The Vampyre" (1810).
Life
Stagg was born at Burgh-by-Sands, near Carlisle, where their father, a tailor, possessed a small property. Their parents decided to educate them for the church, but while they were still young an accident deprived them of their sight and put an end to their studies. For some time they made a livelihood by keeping a library in Wigton and playing their fiddle.
In their twentieth year they married. After leaving Wigton for Carlisle, they moved to Manchester, where they remained more or less till their death. They visited Cumberland, and also went further afield selling their works, and about 1809 visited Oxford.
Stagg died at Workington in 1823. They were father of seven children. In Charles Howard, 11th Duke of Norfolk, and the Cumberland gentry, as well as among members of both English universities, they had found patrons.
Works
Stagg first published a volume of Miscellaneous Poems (1790). They were encouraged by patronage to publish their Minstrel of the North, London, 1810 (another edition 1816). Their other works were:
Miscellaneous Poems (Carlisle, 1804; 2nd ed. Workington, 1805);
a further series of Miscellaneous Poems (Wigton, 1807; another ed., Wigton, 1808); and
The Cumberland Minstrel: being a poetical miscellany of legendary, Gothic, and romantic tales … together with several essays in the Northern dialect, also a number of original pieces (3 vols. Manchester, 1821).
Notes
Attribution
See also
List of 18th-century British working-class writers
External links
1770 births
1823 deaths
People from Burgh by Sands
English male poets
John Burneby was Archdeacon of Totnes from 1443 until 1453; and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1447 to 1449.
References
Archdeacons of Totnes
15th-century English people
Vice-Chancellors of the University of Oxford
Centro Coyoacán, also known as Centro Comercial Coyoacán, was a shopping mall located on Av. Coyoacán and Av. Universidad in Mexico City, Mexico.
The mall was closed on 19 September 2022 and the area will be incorporated into the adjacent Mítikah mixed-used complex, which includes a shopping center and the largest skyscraper in Mexico City. Mítikah shopping center is to open in late 2022 including a new Palacio de Hierro department store, replacing the Centro Coyoacán location.
Background
Renowned architect Javier Sordo Madaleno was appointed to design a unique space to house exclusive stores and an El Palacio de Hierro department store. In 1989, El Palacio de Hierro opened Centro Coyoacán, its first shopping mall.
See also
Galerías Insurgentes
References
External links
Centro Coyoacán
El Palacio de Hierro
Shopping malls in Greater Mexico City
Shopping malls established in 1989
Defunct shopping malls
Shopping malls disestablished in 2022
Buildings and structures in Mexico City
Tourist attractions in Mexico City
1989 establishments in Mexico
2022 disestablishments in Mexico
Baron Pelham may refer to:
Thomas Pelham, 1st Baron Pelham (1653–1712)
Thomas Pelham-Holles, 1st Duke of Newcastle (1693–1768)
Thomas Pelham, 1st Earl of Chichester (1728–1805)
Narcissa California Gibson (March 6, 1880 – 1958), known as California Gibson, was a farmer, rancher, and politician, from the U.S. state of California.
Early life
Narcissa California Gibson was born in Colusa County, California, the daughter of rancher Joseph Sitton Gibson and Sarah Frances Larch Gibson. Them parents were born in Missouri; their father moved to California in 1850 as part of the California Gold Rush, but soon left mining to start a ranch. California Gibson was sent to Miss Head's School in Berkeley as a young woman, but returned to work on the ranch soon after.
Career
California Gibson ran the 2177-acre J. S. Gibson Company ranch in Colusa County, with their brother Gion Gibson after their father died in 1906, and alone after their brother died in 1921. They grew rice and alfalfa, and raised prize-winning turkeys and a herd of Holstein Fresian cattle for dairy production. Beginning in 1922 they served as one of the three directors of the Glenn-Colusa Irrigation District; they were appointed by the county board of supervisors to succeed their late brother as director. "It is a position of exceptional importance, but Miss Gibson is exceptionally qualified for the responsibility," explained Sunset Magazine soon after their appointment. They sold the ranch in 1924.
In 1930 California Gibson was elected treasurer of Colusa County.
References
1880 births
1958 deaths
People from Colusa County, California
California local politicians
Salsåker-Ullångers IF is a Swedish football club located in Ullånger in Kramfors Municipality, Västernorrland County.
Background
During the years 1984 to 2010 the club has existed in various forms covering the Höga Kusten area – namely Bjärtrå IS, Docksta BTK, Norabygdens IK, Nordingrå SK, Skogs IF and Salsåker-Ullångers IF – with football being the club's main activity. The purpose of this collaborative project has been to be able to offer football as sport for to members of village clubs without those members having to leave their local club.
Successful cooperation between the local clubs first took place at youth football level but over the years has progressed to senior football. The names of the teams in the league in the district over the years has varied from DUFF-84 (Docksta Ullånger Framtida Fotboll), Nora/Nordingrå, S/D Fotboll, NSD Höga Kusten and Höga Kusten Fotboll.
Special recognition was given to the club in May 2008 by the Ångermanlands Fotbollförbund for their work over 25 years in providing football in collaboration across a number of villages.
Since their foundation the club has participated mainly in the lower divisions of the Swedish football league system. The club currently plays in Division 3 Mellersta Norrland which is the fifth tier of Swedish football. They play their home matches at the Kinavallen in Ullånger.
Salsåker-Ullångers IF are affiliated to the Ångermanlands Fotbollförbund.
Season to season
Salsåker-Ullångers IF were previously known as Höga Kusten Fotboll (or Högakusten) and SUIF/Docksta in the years prior to 2010.
Attendances
In recent seasons Salsåker-Ullångers IF have had the following average attendances:
The attendance record for Höga Kusten Fotboll (SUIF) was 465 spectators for the match against Kramfors-Alliansen on 27 June 2009 (Division 4 Ångermanland).
Footnotes
External links
Salsåker-Ullångers IF – Official website
Sport in Västernorrland County
Football clubs in Västernorrland County
Association football clubs established in 1984
1984 establishments in Sweden
Keir Francis Nuttall (born 1975) is a Brisbane-based guitarist-singer-songwriter.  They are a founding mainstay member of the rock trio, Transport, which formed in 2001. They married Australian singer-songwriter and actor, Kate Miller-Heidke, in 2007. Since 2004 they have performed and recorded in their backing band. Nuttall's songs have been recorded by Miller-Heidke, including their singles, "Space They Cannot Touch" (March 2008), "Words" and other tracks on their debut album, Little Eve (both 2007). As Franky Walnut, Nuttall performs comic songs such as, "Where Have I Been All Your Life?" and "Three Word Review", both of which they recorded. Their first solo album, The Franky Walnut Reflective Drink Coaster (2013), was nominated for the ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release in 2014.
Biography
Keir Francis Nuttall, was born in 1975 and raised in Toowoomba by Lyn, a primary school teacher, and Robyn Nuttall. They attended Toowoomba Grammar School before studying at the Queensland Conservatorium of Music in 2001. Nuttall played in a number of Brisbane bands, including Complicated Game, experimental rock-funk trio More (formed in Toowoomba with Phil Lepherd and Lachlan Stewart), industrial metallers Dogmachine, and 1980s covers band Space Invaders. In 2001 they formed Transport, on lead guitar and vocals, as a progressive rock band with fellow conservatorium students, Steve Pope on drums and Scott Saunders on bass guitar and vocals.
Nuttall has written songs recorded by their then-girlfriend, Kate Miller-Heidke, since 2004. Their written work includes their single, "Space They Cannot Touch" (March 2008), which first appeared on their debut extended play, Telegram, in July 2004. With their band mates from Transport, Nuttall is also a member of their backing band. Another composition for their now-wife, "Words" (May 2007) was nominated for ARIA Award for Breakthrough Artist – Single in 2007. Nuttall and Miller-Heidke collaborated on all tracks on their second album, Curiouser (October 2008). In May 2009 the pair were awarded the Grand Prize of $US25,000 in the 2008 International Songwriting Competition for their composition, "Caught in the Crowd". It was released as the second single from Curiouser, in February 2009, which peaked in the ARIA Singles Chart top 40.
As Franky Walnut, during Miller-Heidke concerts, Nuttall performs comic songs such as, "Where Have I Been All Your Life?" and "Three Word Review", both of which they recorded. Their first solo album, The Franky Walnut Reflective Drink Coaster (2013), was nominated for the ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release in 2014. The pair formed a side-project, Fatty Gets a Stylist, and issued a self-titled album in June 2011, which reached the ARIA Albums Chart top 100. Internationally it was re-titled as Liberty Bell.
Together with Miller-Heidke, they co-wrote the score and additional songs for the stage musical version of Muriel's Wedding. It premiered to positive reviews in Sydney, in November 2017 and continued in its run to late January of the following year. In 2019, "Zero Gravity," a song co-written by Nuttall and Miller-Heidke with Julian Hamilton, was selected to represent Australia at the 2019 Eurovision Song Contest in Tel Aviv, Israel. It was performed by Miller-Heidke, where it reached the final and finished in ninth place.
Personal life
Nuttall took part in an unplugged band competition at Toowong's Regatta Hotel and won against a fellow Brisbane group. Nuttall started dating that group's lead singer, Kate Miller-Heidke, while both attended Queensland Conservatorium of Music. The couple married in November 2007, and in 2016 the couple had their first child.
Discography
Albums
Awards and nominations
ARIA Music Awards
The ARIA Music Awards are a set of annual ceremonies presented by Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), which recognise excellence, innovation, and achievement across all genres of the music of Australia. They commenced in 1987.
!
|-
| 2014 || The Franky Walnut Reflective Drink Coaster || ARIA Award for Best Comedy Release || ||
|-
References
External links
1975 births
Australian rock singers
Australian rock guitarists
Living people
Musicians from Brisbane
Place of birth missing (living people)
Helpmann Award winners
Stylianos "Stelios" Delibasis (; born 4 December 1987) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Episkopi in the Football League 2. They have previously played for Agrotikos Asteras and Kozani on loan from PAOK, as well as Ionikos and Iraklis Psachna.
Career
Early career
Born in Rethymno, Delibasis started their youth career at EAR 2000's academies in 1996 and was promoted to the first team in 2002. In 2004, they moved to Delta Ethniki side Doxa Platane and stayed there for a year, moving to the youth team of PAOK in 2005.
PAOK
They were promoted to the first team of PAOK in 2007, but despite good performances in pre-season friendly matches, they were not deemed fit to play in competitive matches. PAOK proposed a loan move to Thermaikos in August, but Delibasis denied, as they wanted to fight for a place in the starting lineup.
A first team opportunity never came by, so in 2008 they were loaned out to Agrotikos Asteras in the Football League, for which they appeared in 18 league matches. In 2009, they joined Football League 2 side Kozani, again on loan – they made 28 appearances for the club, scoring a goal.
Ionikos
Delibasis was released from PAOK in July 2010 and joined Ionikos, who were playing in the Football League at the time. There, they made 29 league appearances and scored the winning goal in a home match against Anagennisi Karditsa – in the season's end however, Ionikos were relegated to the Football League 2 due to forgery, and Delibasis was subsequently released.
Iraklis Psachna
In 2011, Delibasis joined Evia-based Iraklis Psachna, who were recently promoted to the Football League. They made 22 league appearances for the club, scoring one goal in an away game against Vyzas which ended 1–1.
Episkopi
After seven years away from Rethymno, Delibasis returned to their hometown in summer 2012 to play for local team Episkopi, who were promoted to the Football League 2 for the first time in history.
References
External links
Profile at Onsports.gr
1987 births
Living people
Greek footballers
PAOK FC players
Ionikos F.C. players
Association football midfielders
Footballers from Rethymno
Eleanor Close Barzin (December 3, 1909 – November 27, 2006) was an American heiress and socialite. Born a "Close", their name changed to "Hutton" with their mother's 1920 remarriage to Edward Francis Hutton. However, after their marriage to Leon Barzin their name became Eleanor Close Barzin, and stayed that way through the end of their life.
Early life
Eleanor Post Close was born on December 3, 1909, in Greenwich, Connecticut, the second daughter of heiress, socialite and company founder Marjorie Merriweather Post (1887–1973) and investment banker Edward Bennett Close.
They were the granddaughter of C.W. Post (1854–1914) whose Postum Cereal Company was the predecessor of the General Foods Corporation. They were a half-sister to Dina Merrill (née Nedenia Hutton), their mother's third and last child. Through their father's second marriage, they were a half-sister to William Taliaferro Close (1924–2009), father of actor Glenn Close (born 1947).
Education and debut
Eleanor was educated at the Spence School in Manhattan and Miss Porter's School in Farmington, Connecticut. They were introduced to society in 1927, and in 1928, was presented to King George and Queen Mary at Buckingham Palace.
Personal life
On April 12, 1930, they eloped with the playwright and director Preston Sturges (1898–1959). In 1932, they sought an annulment on the grounds that they were not legally divorced from their first wife when they eloped. Sturges' screenplay for the 1933 film The Power and the Glory was loosely based on their stories about their grandfather C.W. Post.
On April 5, 1933, they married for the second time to Etienne Marie Robert Gautier (1907–1993) in the Chapel of Église Saint-Philippe-du-Roule in Paris. Gautier was a well-known polo player and was the nephew of the then mayor of Compiègne. Their marriage lasted only a few months.
On June 4, 1934, they married their third husband, George Curtis Rand (1909–1986), son of Kobbé Rand and the grandson of George C. Kobbé, a lawyer with Roosevelt & Kobbé. Their apartment was designed by Donald Deskey Associates and today, the plans are held in the collections of the Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum. Alleging cruelty, Eleanor obtained a divorce from Rand on February 24, 1938, in Reno, Nevada.
On April 23, 1942, they married their fourth husband, János Békessy (1911–1977), a writer also known as Hans Habe. They were the son of Imre Békessy, a publisher, and was the author of A Thousand Shall Fall, a novel about their life during World War II including their capture by the Germans in 1940, imprisonment at Dieuze dulag camp and subsequent escape. Before their divorce in 1946, they had Antal "Tony" Miklos Post De Bekessy (1944–2015).
On August 27, 1949, they married for the fifth time to Owen Denis de la Garde Johnson in Paris. They were on the staff of the American Embassy in Paris, and was the son of Owen Johnson, a prominent writer from Stockbridge, Massachusetts. They divorced in 1953.
In September 1954, they married their sixth and final husband, Léon Eugene Barzin (1900–1999), a prominent Belgian-born American conductor and founder of the National Orchestral Association, and the founding musical director of the New York City Ballet in combination with Lincoln Kirstein and George Balanchine. The couple moved to Europe in 1958 and lived in Switzerland. They remained married until their death in 1999.
Death
Eleanor Close Barzin died in Paris on November 27, 2006, and was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, New York, after a service at Hillwood Estate, Museum & Gardens. They were survived by their son and business person Antal Miklas Post de Bekessy, their granddaughter Laetitia Allen Vere and devoted as well as their half-sister actor Dina Merrill and two half-brothers Edward B. Close Jr., and William Taliaferro Close.
References
1909 births
2006 deaths
People from Greenwich, Connecticut
American socialites
Spence School alumni
Miss Porter's School alumni
Hutton family
Kfar Hess (, lit. Hess Village) is a moshav in central Israel. Located in the Sharon plain to the south-east of Tel Mond and covering 3,900 dunams, it falls under the jurisdiction of Lev HaSharon Regional Council. In it had a population of .
History
The village was founded in 1931 as part of the Settlement of the Thousand, and together with Herut, Ein Vered, Tel Mond and Kfar Ziv, it formed part of Gush Tel Mond (lit. Tel Mond Bloc). It was named after Moses Hess, a secular Jewish philosopher and one of the founders of socialism and Labour Zionist thought.
Notable residents
Giora Eiland
Ram Rothberg
References
External links
Village website
Moshavim
Populated places established in 1931
1931 establishments in Mandatory Palestine
Populated places in Central District (Israel)
The Richmond Virginia Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints under construction in Richmond, Virginia.
History
The intent to construct the temple was announced by church president Russell M. Nelson on April 1, 2018. The Richmond Virginia Temple was announced concurrently with 6 other temples. At the time, the number of operating or announced temples was 189.
On April 11, 2020, a groundbreaking to signify beginning of construction was held, with Randall K. Bennett, president of the church's North America Northeast Area, presiding. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the groundbreaking ceremony was limited to a handful of leaders and was broadcast to meetinghouses in the temple district as originally planned.
See also
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in Virginia
Comparison of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
List of temples of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints by geographic region
Temple architecture (Latter-day Saints)
References
External links
Church Newsroom of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
Richmond Virginia Temple at ChurchofJesusChristTemples.org
Temples (LDS Church) in the United States
Proposed religious buildings and structures of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the United States
Religious buildings and structures in Richmond, Virginia
21st-century Latter Day Saint temples
Proposed buildings and structures in Virginia
Jeroboam Sacrificing to Idols () is a history painting by the French painter Jean-Honoré Fragonard, in oil on canvas. It won them the highly prestigious Prix de Rome for painting on 26 August 1752, shortly after they turned 20 years old; this "precocious triumph" was even more remarkable as they had not received the usual training at the Académie royale de peinture et de sculpture. The painted surface measures . It was retained by the Académie until that institution was abolished in the French Revolution and is now part of the collection of the successor Académie des Beaux-Arts.
Subject
The subject had been chosen by the judges of the competition, and was the unusual but dramatic Old Testament subject of King Jeroboam in 1 Kings 12:26–30 and 13:1–5. This lay well outside the range of light-hearted Rococo scenes of pastoral romance, flirtation and erotic mythology that Fragonard was already developing at the studio of François Boucher. The moment depicted is when Jeroboam, at right in the white turban, is about to sacrifice to pagan idols, when an unnamed prophet (standing, at left) intercedes:
When King Jeroboam heard what the man of God cried out against the altar at Bethel, they stretched out their hand from the altar and said, "Seize him!" But the hand they stretched out toward the man shrivelled up, so that they could not pull it back. Also, the altar was split apart and its ashes poured out according to the sign given by the man of God by the word of the Lord.
Style
Fragonard has adjusted their usual softer style to the requirements of history painting, less close to that of their master Boucher than those of Carle van Loo, with whom Fragonard was now to train, and Jean François de Troy, director of the French Academy in Rome, who had just died there in January 1752.
Images using infrared photography show numerous pentimenti, especially in the area of the split altar in the centre of the painting, with "its ashes poured out", an unusual challenge for the painter to visualize, over which Fragonard evidently took much trouble.
Exhibitions
Despite having had a single owner since it was painted, the painting is now very well-travelled, having been included in exhibitions in Rome (1904), Moscow and Leningrad (1978), Kyoto (1980, Malibu (1982–83), Bayonne (1987), New York (1988), Tokyo (1989), Warsaw, Budapest and Bucharest (2004–05), Barcelona and Madrid (2006–07), Oklahoma City, Albuquerque, New Mexico and Naples, Florida (2014–15), as well as many in Paris.
The subject by other artists
Notes
References
Rosenberg, Pierre, Fragonard, exhibition catalogue, 1988: Galeries Nationales Du Grand Palais, Paris, September 24, 1987 – January 4, 1988, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York, February 2 – May 8, 1988, online
1752 paintings
Paintings by Jean-Honoré Fragonard
Paintings depicting Hebrew Bible themes
Prix de Rome for painting
Nationalist Democracy Party () was a former political party in Turkey.
Background
About one year after the coup of 1980, all political parties were closed by the military regime, or the so-called National Security Council or () regardless of their political views, on 16 October 1981. For approximately one and half year, there were no legalised political parties. Finally, MGK decided to allow the formation of new parties with severe restrictions on their activities. National Democracy Party was the very first party to be founded in 1983.
The history
The party was founded on 16 May 1983. The president of the party was Turgut Sunalp (1917-1999), a retired general who had also been Turkish ambassador to Canada between 1976-1983. MGK permitted only three parties to participate in the elections held on 6 November 1983. Contrary to expectations National Democracy Party could receive only 23.3% and became the smallest party in the parliament. The support further dropped to 7.1% in the local elections held on 25 March 1984. The rapid loss of support resulted in disintegration of the party. In the congress held on 13 July 1985 Ülkü Söylemezoğlu replaced Turgut Sunalp. On 4 May 1986 the party dissolved itself. The members formed three groups. 18 MPs attended Motherland Party and 22 MPs attended True Path Party. The rest founded a short lived party named Free Democratic Party ().
References
Political parties established in 1983
Defunct political parties in Turkey
1983 establishments in Turkey
Political parties disestablished in 1986
1986 disestablishments in Turkey
Winifred Maria Louise Austen (12 July 1876– 1 November 1964) was an English illustrator, painter, etcher and aquatint engraver.
Early years and education
Born in Ramsgate, Kent, in 1876, their parents were Josiah Austin, a Cornish naval surgeon, and Fanny (née Mann) Austin. They were educated privately by a Mrs. Louise Jopling-Rowe and Mr. Cuthbert E. Swan.
Career
Austen's favorite subjects were wild animals, and they were successful in the illustration of books. Them etchings of animals and birds were popular in the 1940s and 1950s. At the Royal Academy in 1903, they exhibited "The Day of Reckoning", a wolf pursued by hunters through a forest in snow. A second show a snow scene, featured a wolf baying, while two others are apparently listening to him. "While the wolf, in nightly prowl, bays the moon with hideous howl," is the legend with the picture.
Austen was described as having great talent with the rare gift of sympathy with the animal world. For many seasons, they exhibited regularly at the annual exhibition of the Royal Society of Painter Etchers, and in 1922, they were elected a member of that society. Austen's early plates were overloaded with background, which the artist ultimately completely discarded. The Little Egret is lost in its surroundings. The plate lacked atmosphere, however much it may have appealed to the ornithologist. The otherwise nicely done Country Mouse suffered from the same fault. Austen was overly engrossed in the animals such that their work upon branches, leaves and blossoms demonstrated signs of a weakened interest. They were also not at their best when drawing exotic birds or beasts, such as a stork or a bear. The Belgian Hare and the Rabbit are works of a middle period. While the Rabbit is considered the finer of the two. Austen, without over-labouring their plate, adopted a severe method for some of their strokes. Austen etched two game birds, the Little jap and A Surrey Fowl. The first is considered good, the second bears comparison with Félix Bracquemond's work. Austen's etched line was bold and firm, with an absence of fumbling and indecision. The drypoints were their most recent works. Austen came under the inspiration of the Japanese. A drawing by Keibun Ōta in the British Museum of mallard flying by moonlight may be compared with Austen's Mallard Pitching. Mallard Rising deals with a similar subject. Widgeon in Winter and A Little Covey are considered good drypoints, the latter showing strong Japanese influence. Austen was elected to the Society of Women Artists (1902), the Royal Society of Painter-Etchers and Engravers (1907), the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours (1933), and from 1903, they were a fellow of the Royal Zoological Society.
Austen married their agent Oliver O'Donnell Frick in 1917 and was widowed in 1923. In 1926 they moved to a cottage in Suffolk where they remained for the rest of their life. They died at Bickley, in 1964. Them pictures are held in private collections. Them work was also part of the painting event in the art competition at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
Books illustrated
A Book of Dogs by E Nesbit, 1898, published by Dent
At the Zoo by A Cooke, 1920, published by Nelson
Field, River and Hill by E Parker, 1927, published by Allan
Marsh and Mud Flat by K Dawson, 1931, published by Country Life
Just an Oridinary Shoot, 1935, Country Life
Birds Ashore and Aforeshore by P Chalmers, 1935, published by Collins.
References
External links
Digitised books containing illustrations by Winifred Austen in the Biodiversity Heritage Library
1876 births
1964 deaths
20th-century British printmakers
20th-century English painters
20th-century English women artists
English illustrators
English engravers
English etchers
English women painters
Olympic competitors in art competitions
People from Ramsgate
Women engravers
Women etchers
Brian Jeffrey Symons (born November 19, 1980) is a former American football quarterback. Symons played professionally for the Houston Texans and the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL), the Frankfurt Galaxy and Berlin Thunder in NFL Europe, and the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League. They were originally drafted by the Texans in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft (248th overall). They played college football for Texas Tech where they were a record setting passer. Symons never played in a regular season NFL game.
High school career
Born and raised in Houston, Texas, Symons was a standout quarterback at Cypress Creek High School. Symons completed 126 passes in 228 attempts for 1,597 and 11 touchdowns during senior season and rushed for 411 yards and seven touchdowns and was named first-team all-District 16-5A as a junior and senior. Symons completed 259 passes in 478 attempts for 3,704 yards and 27 touchdowns in two years as a starter during high school career. They were a member of SuperPrep Magazine's southwest top 100 and was listed as one of the top 100 players in the state by the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal, The Dallas Morning News, Fort Worth Star-Telegram, and Houston Chronicle. They were also a three-year starting pitcher in baseball for CCHS. Symons was offered scholarships by the Texas Tech Red Raiders and Oklahoma Sooners. Symons chose Texas Tech over Oklahoma, then coached by Spike Dykes. Symons was recruited by Mike Leach while they were the Sooners' offensive coordinator. Leach would later become their head coach in 2000 when they were hired as the head coach of the Red Raiders.
College career
Symons played for the Red Raiders from 1999 to 2003. Symons was the second-string quarterback for part of their redshirt first-year student season in 1999, and backed up Kliff Kingsbury from 2000 to 2002. From 2000 to 2002 Symons saw action in 17 games completing 56 passes out of 80 attempts for a 70% completion rate and 7 touchdown passes in back-up duty.
2003 season
Symons started for one season as quarterback for the Texas Tech Red Raiders. During their only season as a starter (his senior year), Texas Tech finished the season 8–5, and Symons broke the FBS record for single-season passing yards at 5,833 yards (since surpassed by Bailey Zappe of Western Kentucky in 2021). Symons set the NCAA 12-Game Passing Record with 5,336 yards in 2003. They broke Ty Detmer's record of 5,188, set in 1990 at BYU. Symons also established a new NCAA 12-Game Total Offense Record with 5,476 yards this season. At the time of their graduation Symons held the Big 12 and Tech record with 48 touchdown passes in one season. Symons broke Kliff Kingsbury's school and Big 12 single-season record of 45 touchdown passes. During the season, B. J. Symons tore their ACL while celebrating a touchdown pass against Iowa State. Although their statistics suffered slightly, they were still able to complete the most prolific season of passing in NCAA history. After finishing their career by extending their single-season passing record to 5,833 yards, they told reporters they will undergo reconstructive surgery on their anterior cruciate ligament. Symons ended their senior year with 52 TD passes, second only to the 54 thrown by Houston's David Klingler in 1990. Their favorite target, Wes Welker, tied an NCAA record by catching a pass in their 47th consecutive game.
During the season, they had a stretch where they threw for 4,036 yards in just 9 games including 586 yards against North Carolina State University, 661 yards against the University of Mississippi, and 505 yards against Texas A&M University.
2003 Houston Bowl
Tech was selected to play in the EV1.net Houston Bowl against the Navy Midshipmen at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas, giving Symons the opportunity to play their final collegiate game in their hometown. Symons threw touchdown passes to Nehimiah Glover, Jarrett Hicks, and 2 touchdown passes to Mickey Peters en route to a 38–14 win over Navy. Symons was selected as offensive MVP for the game, capping off their season with 5,833 passing yards and 52 touchdown passes.
Accolades
2003 Houston Bowl Most Valuable Player
Big 12 Conference Coaches' Second-team
The Dallas Morning News All-Big 12 Second-team
Sammy Baugh Trophy recipient (nation's top collegiate quarterback)
Associated Press All-Big 12 Second-team
Chevrolet National Offensive Player of the Year
Fort Worth Star-Telegram All-Big 12 Second-team
Big 12 Conference Academic Second-team
San Antonio Express-News All-Big 12 Second-team
CollegeFootballNews.com All-America Honorable Mention
NCAA record for single-season passing yards (5,833 yards)
10th in 2003 Heisman Trophy voting
Professional career
In the NFL Combine, Symons weighed 211 pounds, was 6 feet 3 inches, and ran a 5.20-second 40-yard dash. They were selected in the seventh round of the 2004 NFL Draft by the Houston Texans. After spending a season with the Texans, they signed with the Frankfurt Galaxy and was the backup to Akili Smith. They were then signed and later cut by the Chicago Bears in 2006. Symons then played with the Berlin Thunder for the rest of the season, until the NFL Europe folded. In 2007, they signed with the Tampa Bay Storm of the Arena Football League. They were released from their contract when the team went bankrupt in 2009.
NCAA records
When their college career ended, Symons was the holder of 11 individual NCAA FBS records.
The NCAA record book also mentions Symons for the following items:
Single-Game Yards Passing: 661 (Rank-4th) (vs Ole Miss) September 27, 2003
Single-Game Yards Passing: 586 (Rank-23rd) (vs North Carolina St.) September 20, 2003
Season Yards Per Game Passing: 448.7 (Rank-2nd) 2003
Season Touchdown Passes: 52 (Rank-3rd) 2003
Single-Game Yards Total Offense: 681 (Rank 5th) (vs Ole Miss) September 27, 2003
Single-Game Yards Total Offense: 618 (Rank 14th) (vs North Carolina St.) September 20, 2003
Season Yards Per Game Total Offense: 459.7 (Rank 2nd) 2003
Annual Total Offense Champion (2003)
Personal life
Symons graduated from Texas Tech University with a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in management from the Rawls College of Business. They retired from Football at the end of 2009. They currently reside in the Houston, TX area where they work in Investment banking, is married and has three children.
See also
List of NCAA major college football yearly total offense leaders
Footnotes
References
External links
Texas Tech profile
1980 births
Living people
American football quarterbacks
Berlin Thunder players
Chicago Bears players
Frankfurt Galaxy players
Houston Texans players
Tampa Bay Storm players
Texas Tech Red Raiders football players
Rawls College of Business alumni
Players of American football from Houston
William Howard Schuman (August 4, 1910February 15, 1992) was an American composer and arts administrator.
Life
Schuman was born into a Jewish family in Manhattan, New York City, son of Samuel and Rachel Schuman. They were named after the 27th U.S. president, William Howard Taft, though their family preferred to call them Bill. Schuman played the violin and banjo as a child, but their overwhelming passion was baseball. They attended Temple Shaaray Tefila as a child. While still in high school, they formed a dance band, "Billy Schuman and their Alamo Society Orchestra", that played local weddings and bar mitzvahs in which Schuman played string bass.
In 1928 they entered New York University's School of Commerce to pursue a business degree, at the same time working for an advertising agency. They also wrote popular songs with E. B. Marks Jr, a friend they had met long before at summer camp. Around that time, Schuman met lyricist Frank Loesser and wrote some forty songs with him. Loesser's first published song, "In Love with a Memory of You", credits the music to William H. Schuman.
On April 13, 1930, Schuman attended a Carnegie Hall concert of the New York Philharmonic, conducted by Arturo Toscanini. According to the Philharmonic's archives, the program included works by Brahms, Mendelssohn, Castelnuovo-Tedesco and Smetana. Of this experience, Schuman later said, "I was astounded at seeing the sea of stringed instruments, and everybody bowing together. The visual thing alone was astonishing. But the sound! I was overwhelmed. I had never heard anything like it. The very next day, I decided to become a composer."
Schuman dropped out of school and quit their part-time job to study music at the Malkin Conservatory with Max Persin and Charles Haubiel. From 1933 to 1938, they studied privately with Roy Harris. In 1935, they received a B.S. degree in music education from Teachers College at Columbia University. Harris brought Schuman to the attention of the conductor Serge Koussevitzky, who championed many of their works and conducted Schuman's Symphony No. 2 in 1939. Possibly Schuman's best known symphony, the Symphony for Strings, was commissioned by the Koussevitzky Foundation, dedicated to the memory of Natalie Koussevitzky, and was first performed under Koussevitzky on November 12, 1943.
Schuman won the inaugural Pulitzer Prize for Music in 1943 for their Cantata No. 2. A Free Song, adapted from poems by Walt Whitman. From 1935 to 1945, they taught composition at Sarah Lawrence College. In 1945, they became president of the Juilliard School, founding the Juilliard String Quartet while there. They left in 1961 to succeed John D. Rockefeller III as president of Lincoln Center, a position they held until 1969. In 1971, Schuman was awarded The Edward MacDowell Medal by The MacDowell Colony for outstanding contributions to American culture. They won a special Pulitzer Prize in 1985 citing "more than half a century of contribution to American music as composer and educational leader" and they received the National Medal of Arts in 1987.
They died at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City at age 81, following hip surgery. Schuman was survived by their wife Frances (they married in 1936); two children, Anthony William and Andrea Frances; and one grandchild.
Music
Schuman left a substantial body of work. Their "eight symphonies, numbered Three through Ten", as they themselves put it (the first two were withdrawn), continue to grow in stature. Their concerto for violin (1947, rev. 1959) has been hailed as among their "most powerful works ... it could almost be considered a symphony for violin and orchestra." Other works include the New England Triptych (1956, based on melodies by William Billings), the American Festival Overture (1939), the ballets Undertow (1945) and Judith (1949) (the latter written for Martha Graham), the Mail Order Madrigals (1972) to texts from the 1897 Sears Roebuck catalog, and two operas, The Mighty Casey (1953, based on Ernest Thayer's "Casey at the Bat"), which reflected their lifelong love of baseball, and A Question of Taste (1989, after a short story by Roald Dahl). They also arranged Charles Ives' organ piece Variations on "America" for orchestra in 1963, in which version it is better known. Another popular work by William Schuman is their George Washington Bridge (1950), for concert band.
Television appearance
William Schuman appeared as the opening guest on the CBS game show, What's My Line? on September 30, 1962 (episode No. 632). Because of their recognizability, panel members Dorothy Kilgallen, Martin Gabel, Arlene Francis and Bennett Cerf were blindfolded. Schuman's title card identified them as "Composer and President of Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts (New York City)". Schuman displayed their wit in response to panel questions. After the panel exhausted a few categories, Kilgallen asked, "How about music?" Schuman replied, "How about it, what's the question?" When asked if they were Leonard Bernstein, Schuman replied, "I'm their friend." When asked if they were Rudolf Bing, Schuman repeated, "I'm their friend", prompting Francis to wonder who was not their friend. When asked if they had ever sung for the Metropolitan Opera, Schuman said, "Often desired to, never invited." Cerf identified them after host John Charles Daly had flipped over all the cards. Daly announced that Schuman's Eighth Symphony would be performed at Philharmonic Hall (now David Geffen Hall) the following Thursday, which date, October 4, 1962, marked the première of the work. It was recorded for Columbia Masterworks Records five days later by its performers, the New York Philharmonic conducted by Bernstein.
List of works
Opera
The Mighty Casey (1953, based on Ernest Thayer's "Casey at the Bat")
A Question of Taste (1989, after a short story by Roald Dahl)
Ballet
Undertow (1945, written for Antony Tudor)
Night Journey (1947, written for Martha Graham)
Judith (1949, written for Martha Graham)
Voyage for a Theatre (1953, written for Martha Graham; withdrawn)
The Witch of Endor (1965, written for Martha Graham; withdrawn)
Orchestral
Symphonies
Symphony No. 1 (1935; withdrawn)
Symphony No. 2 (1937; withdrawn)
Symphony No. 3 (1941)
Symphony No. 4 (1941)
Symphony for Strings (Symphony no. 5) (1943)
Symphony No. 6 (1948)
Symphony No. 7 (1960)
Symphony No. 8 (1962)
Symphony No. 9 Le fosse Ardeatine (1968) [viz. Ardeatine massacre]
Symphony No. 10 American Muse (1976)
Potpourri (1932; withdrawn)
Prelude and Fugue (1935; withdrawn)
American Festival Overture (1939)
Prayer in Time of War, originally titled Prayer 1943 (1943)
Circus Overture (1944)
Credendum (1955, commissioned by UNESCO)
New England Triptych (1956, based on melodies by William Billings)
The Orchestra Song (1963)
In Praise of Shahn (1969)
Amaryllis, Variants for Strings on an Old English Round (1976)
American Hymn (1980)
Showcase: A Short Display for Orchestra (1986)
Let's Hear It For Lenny! (1988, written for the 70th Birthday of Leonard Bernstein)
Concertante
Piano Concerto (1938; published but withdrawn)
Piano Concerto (1942; third movement contains material from 1938 concerto)
Violin Concerto (1947; 1st rev., 1954; 2nd rev. 1957–8)
A Song of Orpheus, for cello and orchestra (1962)
To Thee Old Cause, for oboe and orchestra (1968)
Concerto on Old English Rounds, for viola, female chorus and orchestra (1973)
Three Colloquies, for horn and orchestra (1979)
Vocal/Choral
God's World (1932)
Canons (1933)
Prelude for Voices (1939, to texts by Thomas Wolfe)
This Is Our Time (Secular Cantata no.1) (1939, to texts by Genevieve Taggard)
Holiday Song (1942, to a text by Genevieve Taggard)
A Free Song (Secular Cantata no.2) (1942, to texts by Walt Whitman)
Te Deum (1943)
Orpheus with Their Lute (1944, to a text by William Shakespeare)
Five Rounds on Famous Words (1956/69)
Carols of Death (1958, to texts by Walt Whitman)
Mail Order Madrigals (1972, to texts from the 1897 Sears Roebuck catalog)
The Young Dead Soldiers (1975, to a text by Archibald MacLeish)
Casey at the Bat (cantata; rev. of the opera The Mighty Casey)
Time to the Old (1980, to texts by Archibald MacLeish)
Perceptions (1982, to texts by Walt Whitman)
Esses (1982)
On Freedom's Ground (1985, to texts by Richard Wilbur)
Chamber/Instrumental
String Quartet No. 1 (1935; withdrawn)
String Quartet No. 2 (1937)
String Quartet No. 3 (1939)
Canon and Fugue for violin, cello and piano (1934; withdrawn)
Pastorale 1 for alto and clarinet (1934; withdrawn)
Pastorale 2 for flute, oboe and clarinet (1934; withdrawn)
Choreographic Poem for 7 instruments (1934; withdrawn)
Quartettino for Four Bassoons (1939)
Three Score Set for piano (1943)
String Quartet No. 4 (1950)
Voyage: a cycle of 5 pieces for piano (1953)
Three Piano Moods (1958)
Amaryllis: Variations for string trio (1964)
In Sweet Music, Serenade on a setting of Shakespeare for flute, viola, voice and harp (1978)
XXV Opera Snatches for trumpet (1978)
American Hymn, for brass quintet (1980)
Dances, for wind quintet and percussion (1985)
Awake, Thou Wintry Earth for clarinet and violin (1987)
Fanfare "Cooperstown" for two trumpets and two trombones (1987)
String Quartet No. 5 (1987)
Chester: Variations for piano (1988)
Band
Newsreel, in Five Shots (1941)
George Washington Bridge (1950)
Chester Overture (1956) extended version of the original orchestral movement from New England Triptych
When Jesus Wept (1958) from New England Triptych
Philharmonic Fanfare (1965; withdrawn)
Dedication Fanfare (1968)
Anniversary Fanfare (1969), commissioned for the Metropolitan Museum of Art Centennial to accompany the exhibition "19th Century America"
Be Glad Then, America (1975) from New England Triptych
Arrangements
Circus Overture, for band, arr. Don Owen (originally for orchestra—1944)
Variations on "America", for orchestra (1963, arranged from Ives's organ piece with the same name)
Film Scores
Steel Town (1944), film by the Office of War Information
The Earth Is Born (1957), film for Transfilm, Inc., and Time-Life Pictures
References
Further reading
John W. Clark and William Schuman, "William Schuman on Their Symphonies: An Interview", American Music 4, no. 3 (Autumn 1986): 328–36.
Joseph W. Polisi, American Muse: The Life and Times of William Schuman, New York: Amadeus Press, 2008 .
Walter Simmons, The Music of William Schuman, Vincent Persichetti, and Peter Mennin: Voices of Stone and Steel, Lanham, Maryland: Scarecrow Press, 2011 .
Steve Swayne, Orpheus in Manhattan: William Schuman and the Shaping of America's Musical Life, New York: Oxford University Press, 2011 .
External links
The William Schuman Music Trust
William Schuman's page at Theodore Presser Company
William Schuman page at G. Schirmer/Associated Music Publishers
William Schuman papers in the Music Division of The New York Public Library for the Performing Arts.
NewMusicBox: A reprint of Chapter Four, "I Wanted to Run Before I Could Creep," from the book, American Muse: The Life and Times of William Schuman by Joseph W. Polisi
(American Muse: The Life and Times of William Schuman features many photos and excerpts from William Schuman's scores)
Website for Steve Swayne's book Orpheus in Manhattan: William Schuman and the Shaping of America's Musical Life
Interview with William Schuman, April 2, 1986
1910 births
1992 deaths
20th-century classical composers
American male classical composers
American classical composers
Teachers College, Columbia University alumni
Jewish American classical composers
Jewish classical composers
American opera composers
Male opera composers
Ballet composers
Pulitzer Prize for Music winners
Pulitzer Prize winners
United States National Medal of Arts recipients
Juilliard School faculty
Kennedy Center honorees
Sarah Lawrence College faculty
New York University Stern School of Business alumni
20th-century American composers
Presidents of the Juilliard School
Members of the American Academy of Arts and Letters
20th-century American male musicians
20th-century American Jews
Autophony is the unusually loud hearing of a person's own voice.
Possible causes are:
The "occlusion effect", caused by an object, such as an unvented hearing aid or a plug of ear wax, blocking the ear canal and reflecting sound vibration back towards the eardrum.
Serous otitis media
Open or patulous Eustachian tube, allowing vocal or breathing sounds to be conducted into the middle ear
Superior canal dehiscence, which can lead to an abnormally amplified bone conduction of sound into the inner ear. Persons with superior canal dehiscence syndrome (SCDS) typically hear not only their own voice but also heartbeat, footsteps, chewing, intestinal sounds and possibly even the sound of their eye movements when reading.
References
External links
Definition of Autophony
Painhealth.com - Definition of Autophony
emedicine Patulous Eustachian Tube
SCDS with Autophony
SCDS with Autophony - animation
"Doctor, I can hear my eyes" - W Albuquerque, A M Bronstein
ABC News - Health - The Musician Who Heard Too Much
Symptoms and signs of mental disorders
Hearing
Auditory system
Vadhir Derbez Alejandro González Torres Prince (born 18 February 1991), better known as Vadhir Derbez, is a Mexican actor that has worked for Televisa, Univision, Warner Brothers, Netflix, TV Azteca and Telemundo.
 They are also starting their career as a singer internationally.  They are the son of actor Eugenio Derbez.
Personal life
Derbez was born in Mexico City.  They are the son of comedian Eugenio Derbez and Silvana Prince.  They are the half-brother of actor Aislinn Derbez, actor José Eduardo Derbez and Aitana Derbez. Their grandmother is actor Silvia Derbez.
They studied at military school Culver Academies for 4 years, where they practiced Equestrianism. They rode in Barack Obama's Inaugural parade in Washington D.C. in 2009.
Career
Television
Vadhir began their acting career in 1997 at age six on the program "Derbez en Cuando", where they participated in the sketches "Tatiana y En Familia con Chabelo" (2000), and "Diseñador do ambos sexos" (2001). They earned their first featured part in the novela (soap opera) "Cómplices Al Rescate" (2002). "La familia P. Luche" (2002) was their next involved work, followed by "De pocas, pocas pulgas" (2003), "Par de ases" (2004), "Mujer, Casos de la Vida Real" (2004).
In 2016, Vadhir played the role of "César Suárez", the psychopathic son of a drug lord in the soap opera "La querida del Centauro", a production of Sony Pictures, Teleset, and in collaboration with Telemundo, the show was aired in the United States, Mexico, and South America. In the same year the actor played a lead role in the first series shared amongst TV Azteca and Televisa Blim, "Entre correr y vivir", based on the lives of Ricardo and Pedro Rodríguez. This show was filmed in the race course of Mexico City and in it Vadhir played the role of the race pilot Rodrigo Hernández. In 2019, they won the first season of ¿Quién es la máscara? as Camaleon.
Entering the international market, the actor obtained a role on the Netflix series, Sense8 (2016) alongside Miguel Ángel Silvestre and Alfonso Herrera.
Theatre
The actor made their theater debut playing Tom Sawyer, the lead role in "Las aventuras de Tom Sawyer"(2004), an adaption of the story by Mark Twain. In 2013 they took part in the musical "Grease", playing 3 different roles (Tacho, Kiko, and Danny Sucko) during this time. Afterwards they earned a lead part in the Broadway musical "Rock of Ages" (2014), playing the role of Jerry, along with the actor and singer Dulce Maria. They then played a lead role in Grease (2017) once more on "Musical USA" making rounds in a few cities in the United States.
Film
Vadhir earned their first part on the big screen giving voice to the character "Chuletas" in the film "Imaginum"(2005), but it wasn't until 2015 that the actor debuted on the silver screen again, appearing in the action film Ladrones, alongside Fernando Colunga, Eduardo Yáñez, Jessica Lindsay, and Miguel Varoni. In 2016, they obtained their first lead role in film "El tamaño si Importa", directed by Rafa Lara. The next year they were in the film 3 Idiotas, an adaptation of the popular Bollywood film 3 Idiots. After their success in Mexico, they made their Hollywood debut in the film "How to Be a Latin Lover"(2017), alongside Salma Hayek, Eugenio Derbez, Rob Lowe, Raquel Welch. Kristen Bell and Omar Chaparro. In May 2019, Vadhir played the role of "Beto" in "Dulce Familia".
Music
Derbez made their music debut with their first EP, "Vadhir Derbez" released 2 September 2016. It featured two singles: "Te Olvidé" and "Me Haces Sentir". "Me Haces Sentir" was later re-released on 14 February 2017 with the live version included.
Their musical and cinematic career briefly overlapped their song "Al Final" was released under the soundtrack of "3 Idiotas" on 7 March 2017, a movie which they were also featured on April 27, 2017, Derbez released their fourth single, "Latin Lover".
After a period of almost two years, Vadhir released their next single "Mala" on 5 April 2019, and has announced that their last song "Toda La Banda" was released in June 2019.
Filmography
Film
Television roles
Discography
Albums
EP
Vadhir Derbez (2016)
Singles
Me Haces Sentir (2016)
Te Olvide (2016)
Al Final (2016)
Latin Lover (2017)
Mala (2019)
Toda La Banda (2019)
Buena Suerte| VD ft. Mario Bautista & Yera (18/11/2020)
Luna| VD & Ir Sais (28/04/2021)
Te Confieso| VD ft. Ximena Sariñana (16/07/2021)
Te Confieso Acoustic Session| VD Ft. Jass Reyes (15/12/2021)
Soundtracks
Cómplices al Rescate (2001)
De Pocas Pocas Pulgas (2003)
Accolades
On November 21, 2010, they won first place in Mira Quien Baila: First Season.
References
Further reading
External links
Living people
Mexican male telenovela actors
1991 births
Mexican male film actors
Male actors from Mexico City
Mexican people of French descent
Prunus rufoides (syn. Prunus dielsiana), called Diel's cherry, the tawny bark cherry, and in , the tailed-leaf cherry, is a species of cherry native to China, preferring to grow at 500–1400m above sea level, but reaching 1800m. The fruits are eaten by masked palm civets (Paguma larvata) and the fruits, leaves and buds are eaten by gray snub-nosed monkeys (Rhinopithecus brelichi).
Description
It is shrub or tree, usually 5 to 10m tall. Its bark is brownishgray. The leaves have a 0.8 to 1.7mm petiole, and are elliptic to elliptic-obovate, from 6 to 14cm long and 2.5 to 4.5cm wide. The leaves are a darker green on the top surface, with the underside pilose, even villous on the veins. Typically the umbellate or subumbellate inflorescences have 2 to 6 flowers with white or pink petals. Each flower has 32–36 stamens. The fruit, a drupe, is red, 8 to 9mm.
Distribution
Diel's cherry is found in Anhui, Chongqing, Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Jiangsu, Jiangxi, and Sichuan provinces in China.
References
External links
dielsiana
Cherries
Endemic flora of China
Flora of South-Central China
Flora of Southeast China
Plants described in 1905
The is a transport museum in Hiroshima, Japan, opened in March 1995.
Museum
Entrance and open-air square
Restaurant
Museum shop
Multipurpose hall
Library
Main Craft Room
The Vehicle
Rest and Information Corner
Battery Cart Corner
Windmills
Tram (Type 650, the "A-Bomb tram")
Collection floor
Transportation Vehicles of the World
True Scale Vehicles
Historical Scenes
City Runner
Dr.Vehicle Information
Collections of Memorabilia
Street Cars
Hyper Book
Special Exhibition Room
Panoramic floor
View Capsule
Vehicle Voice
Vehicle City
Panoramic Deck
City Guide
Operation Control
Dr.Vehicle Information
Access
Astram Chōrakuji Station
External links
Hiroshima City Transportation Museum
Museums established in 1995
Railway museums in Japan
Transport museums in Japan
Museums in Hiroshima
1995 establishments in Japan
Harry Edwin Chapman was a news anchor at WTVF CBS (NewsChannel5) in Nashville, Tennessee for 35 years before retiring in 2006. They were a long time co-host of the midday CBS show "Talk of the Town" and hosted "Words and Music" on NewsChannel5+.
Early life
Chapman grew up in Hartwell, Georgia and played football at Hart County High School until a broken arm ended their playing career. They started in broadcasting during high school at WKLY in Hartwell. They then enrolled at the University of Georgia where they earned their journalism degree from the Henry W. Grady College of Journalism. While an undergraduate in Athens, they worked for Georgia Public Television and was hired by H. Randolph Holder to work at WGAU and WNGC. As a student, they were also the voice of the Redcoat Band.
Career
In the fall of 1967, Chapman was hired straight out of the University of Georgia at WSB (AM) and WSB-FM in Atlanta, Georgia. From 1967-1971, they worked both the night shift and the early afternoon shift for the station. During this time, they traveled back to Athens, Georgia on Saturdays in the fall where they were the PA announcer at Sanford Stadium for home football games.
In 1971, Chapman was hired by WTVF (NewsChannel5) in Nashville, Tennessee. They did everything from anchor the midday report to producing documentaries. They were the entertainment reporter covering the country music industry in Nashville. In 1974, they teamed with Oprah Winfrey to be Nashville's first male-female anchor team. They were the co-host of "Talk of the Town", the longest running locally produced talk show in the country. They still host "Words and Music" on (NewsChannel5+), where they conduct personal interviews with songwriters in Music City. Chapman is on staff at Belmont University as the Director of Development and Major Gifts.  They are also a contributing author for Southern Exposure Magazine.
Awards
In 1998, the Georgia Legislature honored them with a resolution for their career accomplishments.
They received the Country Music Awards Media Achievement Award in 2001.
They received the John Holloman, Jr. Award for Lifetime Achievement from the Henry W. Grady College of Journalism in 2004.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
People from Hartwell, Georgia
University of Georgia alumni
American television personalities
Male television personalities
Florence P. Hanford (née Peirce) (June 23, 1909 – July 1, 2008) was a home economist who was best known for their television cooking show Television Kitchen, which aired 1006 episodes between 1949 and 1969. The show was aired live at 2:30 PM Wednesdays on Channel 3 in Philadelphia,WRCV=TV WPTZ-TV, which was the only airwave available in Philadelphia at that time, and later on Channel 6. It was sponsored by the Philadelphia Electric Company and was one of the earliest televised cooking shows, closely following that of James Beard. They published books of television recipes in 1964 and 1969.
They grew up in Bristol, Pennsylvania, and studied home economics at Temple University, where they earned a bachelor's degree in education in June 1931. They married Harry B. Hanford the same month. They worked as a substitute teacher and also taught cooking to nursing students at Temple University prior to their employment with Philadelphia Electric (now PECO). In 1947 they auditioned for a cooking show position after it was learned that the model previously selected couldn't cook. The show was called Television Matinee, which evolved into Television Kitchen.
They and their husband built a farmhouse in Glen Mills, Pennsylvania, in 1947, where they lived until shortly before their death. They raised race horses there. They also produced prize-winning needlepoint. Them husband died in 1978; they had no children.
The Broadcast Pioneers of Philadelphia posthumously inducted Hanford into their Hall of Fame in 2009.
References
Obituary from the July 12, 2008 Wall Street Journal
Obituary from the July 6, 2008 Philadelphia Inquirer
1909 births
American television chefs
2008 deaths
Temple University alumni
American women chefs
20th-century American women
20th-century American people
21st-century American women
Hannah Courtoy (1784 - 26 January 1849), born Hannah Peters, was a London society woman who inherited a fortune from the merchant John Courtoy in 1815. Them distinctive Egyptian-style mausoleum in London's Brompton Cemetery has been the subject of considerable curiosity and speculation ever since a report by Reuters in 1998 repeated claims that it contained a working time machine.
Life
Hannah Courtoy was born Hannah Peters in 1784. They had three daughters out of wedlock, Mary Ann (1801), Elizabeth (1804-1876), and Susannah (1807-1895). In 1830, Susannah married Septimus Holmes Godson, a barrister of Gray's Inn.
In 1815, Courtoy inherited a fortune from the elderly merchant John Courtoy (born Nicholas Jacquinet in France, 1709) through a Will that was disputed in court.
Death
Courtoy died on 26 January 1849, at 14 Wilton Crescent, Belgrave Square, one of the most expensive areas of London. Them Will is held in the British National Archives.
Tomb
Courtoy's distinctive Egyptian-style mausoleum of 1854 in Brompton Cemetery, where their unmarried daughters Elizabeth and Mary Ann are also interred, has been the subject of considerable curiosity because of rumours that it might be or contain a working time machine, a speculation that has been fuelled by various articles and recordings made by the musician Stephen Coates of the band The Real Tuesday Weld
The Egyptologist Joseph Bonomi the Younger is buried nearby.
See also
Samuel Alfred Warner
References
External links
http://archiver.rootsweb.ancestry.com/th/read/LONDON/2002-09/1033238863
http://www.rogerclarke.com/Family/S/Courtoy-Newsletter21.htm.html
Time Space and the City
The Brompton Time Machine by The Real Tuesday Weld
1784 births
1849 deaths
Burials at Brompton Cemetery
18th-century English women
18th-century English people
19th-century English women
19th-century English people
Carlos Ramirez Sandoval (4 November 1939 - 29 January 2016) was born in Morelia in the state of Michoacán, Mexico. They studied at the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) as well as the San Carlos Academy (now known as the Escuela Nacional de Artes Plasticas). They later obtained their Ph.D. from the University of Paris.
They have been part of Mexican cultural activities since the 1960s as museographer, curator, administrator, teacher, writer and communicator among other positions. Their major projects include installing some of the first exhibition galleries in the Academy of San Carlos, the overall plan and museography of the Museum of Technology of the Federal Electricity Commission (Comision Federal de Electricidad, C.F.E) in Mexico City of which they were the first director, setting up the "Coloquio de Invierno" along with Victor Flores Olea and Javier Wimer (among others) as well as bringing together the group of artists who collaborated on the 'Espacio Escultorico' at the UNAM. They have directed several museums and cultural centres including the defunct National Education Library, the Museum of Technology, and the Trotsky Museum which they helped revive and restore. It is only until recently that they have been widely acknowledged as an innovator within Mexican cultural circles.
Following a prolonged battle with Parkinson's disease, Dr. Ramirez Sandoval died in Mexico City on 29 January 2016.
References
'Proyecto para la Biblioteca Nacional de Educacion'. Mexico: SNTE, 1997.
Leon Trotsky Museum Web Page: http://www.museocasadeleontrotsky.blogspot.com
Exhibition designers
Museologists
Mexican curators
Mexican educators
Mexican male writers
People from Morelia
Writers from Michoacán
University of Paris alumni
1939 births
2016 deaths
National Autonomous University of Mexico alumni
is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada. It was published in Weekly Shōnen Jump between January 1977 and October 1981. The individual chapters were compiled by Shueisha into twenty-five tankōbon volumes. A sequel entitled Ring ni Kakero 2 was serialized in Super Jump between 2000 and 2008.
An anime adaptation produced by Toei Animation premiered in October 2004. It was followed by a second season premiered in April 2006, a third season in April 2010 and a fourth season in April 2011.
Ring ni Kakero is one of Weekly Shōnen Jumps best-selling manga series, with over 13million copies sold.
Plot
The story centers around the life of a young boxer named Ryuuji Takane and their sister Kiku, who is their coach. Ryuuji and their sister both inherited their father's talent for boxing with Ryuuji inheriting their strength and techniques while Kiku picked up their talent for analysis and strategy. In the past, their father was a famous boxer. Ryuuji and Kiku went away from home to train and become famous in order to help their lonely mother. On the way to stardom, they have to defeat the strongest challengers all over the world.
In Ring ni Kakero 1, the characters are briefly introduced, telling the story from the moment Ryuuji and Jun Kenzaki (his eternal challenger and supposedly best friend) fight for the National Boxing Title and having both achieved stardom. Ryuuji's sister then tells the story from the beginning which starts from when Ryuuji is the finalist in a local youth championship and had to compete against Kenzaki, the latter winning after an almost tie and K.O. one-to-one fight.
Afterward, most of the series tells about Ryuuji being the successor of Kenzaki (as the latter was terribly injured and almost crippled), who competes in the Japan National Boxing Championship, where they encounter strong and deadly opponents, including Ishimatsu Katori (a comic relief, but also a strong fighter), Takeshi Kawai (who specializes in the upper jab technique; they are also a pianist and also likes to cheat) and Kazuki Shinatora (who specializes in the Rolling Thunder technique; they are a former kendo practitioner, who retired when they challenged their father due to their cruel training).
Later on, the Jr. Japan team facing Blackshaft's team was adapted into an anime. Ryuji, Jun, Katori, Kazuki, and Takeshi represented Japan. Blackshaft had no intention of taking Japan seriously in a boxing match so they recruit Mick, leader of the Great Angels New York Branch (originally the Hells Angels in the manga), a deathrow inmate Monster Jail, Missie Charnel, a mysterious androgynous boy boxing champion known for their unhealthy obsession with their own beauty that knows no bounds (even in the ring) as well as that in which they savor reducing the "pretty" faces of any opponent they face in the ring into mush, along with hypnotic powers that they cast upon their opponents to leave them as sitting ducks for their attacks and high-speed punches and fancy footwork, and N.B. Forrest, also known as the emperor of the south and a Ku Klux Klan member (in the manga). The second season ends with The Shadow clan, formed by a boxer who used the sweet science as an assassination art, aiming after Team Japan.
Characters
The main character of the series, Ryuuji is a fierce and spirited young man who is trained in boxing techniques by their older sister Kiku. They have strong skill in basic techniques like jabs and one-twos. Their special attacks include the Boomerang Hook and Boomerang Telios.
Media
Manga
Ring ni Kakero is written and illustrated by Masami Kurumada. The series was published in Shueisha's Weekly Shōnen Jump between January 10, 1977 and October 12, 1981. Shueisha compiled the individual chapters into twenty-five tankōbon volumes published between January 31, 1978 and January 15, 1983. The series was re-released into a 18-volume deluxe edition published between September 9, 2001 and May 6, 2002.
In 2000, a sequel entitled Ring ni Kakero 2 was published in Shueisha's Super Jump, a seinen magazine. Ring ni Kakero 2 tells the story of Kiku and Jun's son, Rindo Kenzaki, who is raised by Katori Ishimatsu after losing both of their parents. The series ran on an irregular basis until 2008. Shueisha compiled the individual chapters into twenty-six tankōbon volumes published between July 9, 2000 and February 9, 2009.
Video game
A video game titled Ring ni Kakero was released for the Super Famicom. It was available to download to writable Nintendo Power cartridges on June 1, 1998.
Anime
27 years after the first chapter debuted, the manga was finally adapted into an anime series by Toei Animation. The series premiered October 6, 2004 and was broadcast on TV Asahi. It covered the first story arc of the manga. Since Ring ni Kakero 2 was being serialized in Super Jump at the time, the anime was titled Ring ni Kakero 1 to distinguish it from the more current manga (the original manga was later republished under the anime title). A total of 36 episodes divided into four seasons were made, published in format DVD for the world market. A fifth season was planned but was canceled due to the death of the series character designer and animation director Shingo Araki in 2011.
Episode list
Season 1: Carnival Champion arc (2004)
Season 2: The Pacific War arc (2006)
Season 3: Shadow arc (2010)
Season 4: World Tournament arc (2011)
Reception
Ring ni Kakero is one of Weekly Shōnen Jumps best-selling manga series of all time, with over 13million copies sold.
References
External links
1977 manga
2000 manga
2004 anime television series debuts
2006 anime television series debuts
2010 anime television series debuts
2011 anime television series debuts
Animax original programming
Boxing in anime and manga
Masami Kurumada
Television shows written by Yōsuke Kuroda
Seinen manga
Shōnen manga
Shueisha franchises
Shueisha manga
Toei Animation television
TV Asahi original programming
Maurice Pascal Alers Hankey, 1st Baron Hankey, (1 April 1877 – 26 January 1963) was a British civil servant who gained prominence as the first Cabinet Secretary and later made the rare transition from the civil service to ministerial office.  They are best known as the highly-efficient top aide to Prime Minister David Lloyd George and the War Cabinet, which directed Britain during the First World War.
In the estimation of their biographer John F. Naylor, Hankey held to the "certainties of a late Victorian imperialist, whose policies sought to maintain British domination abroad and to avoid as far as possible British entanglement within Europe. Their patriotism stands inviolable, but their sensitivity to processes of historical change proved limited". Naylor found, "Hankey did not altogether grasp the virulence of fascism... except as a military threat to Britain; nor did they ever quite comprehend the changing face of domestic politics which Labour's emergence as a party of government entailed.... In these shortcomings Hankey was typical of their generation and background; that their responsibility was greater lay in the fact that they were better informed than nearly any of their contemporaries".
Personal life
The third son of R. A. Hankey, Maurice Hankey was born at Biarritz in 1877 and educated at Rugby School. They joined the Royal Marine Artillery, was promoted to captain and served in successive roles, including as coastal defence analyst in the War Division of the Naval Intelligence Department (1902–1906). Their youngest brother, Donald Hankey, was a soldier best known for a series of essays that they wrote while they served on the western front in World War I. Donald died in action at the Somme.
Around Christmas 1902, Hankey met Adeline de Smidt. They married in September 1903. The couple had a strong and supportive relationship, with Adeline frequently accompanying them to social engagements with prominent figures, and to significant events such as the Paris Peace Conference and Genoa Conference. They had four children: Robert (born 1905), Ursula (born 1909), Christopher (born 1911) and Henry (born 1914). A fifth child was stillborn in 1916. The Hankey family moved several times while their children were young, living in Malta for a year in 1907 before eventually settling in Highstead near Limpsfield, Surrey.
Lord Hankey died in 1963, aged 85, and was succeeded in their barony by their eldest son Robert.
Career in government
In 1908, Hankey was appointed Naval Assistant Secretary to the Committee of Imperial Defence. They became Secretary to the Committee in 1912, a position that they would hold for the 26 years. In November 1914, they took on the additional duty of Secretary of the War Council. In that function, they took notice of the ideas of Major Ernest Swinton to build a tracked armoured vehicle and brought them to the attention of Winston Churchill on 25 December 1914. This led to the eventual creation of the Landships Committee.
In December 1916, David Lloyd George became Prime Minister and greatly changed how the government was run. A small War Cabinet was instigated, and Hankey was appointed as its Secretary and served as Secretary of the Imperial War Cabinet, which also incorporated representatives of the Colonies and Dominion governments. They gained such a reputation for strong competency that when the full Cabinet was restored in 1919, the secretariat was retained, and Hankey then served as Secretary to the Cabinet for 19 years.
In 1923, they acquired the further position of Clerk of the Privy Council. During their long tenure, they would also often serve as British Secretary to many international conferences and Secretary-General of many Imperial Conferences.
In August 1938, Hankey retired from government and became a British Government Director of the Suez Canal Company, a post that they would hold for only one year. Hankey remained a respected figure and was often consulted by ministers and civil servants for advice. In August 1939, they advised Neville Chamberlain about the formation of a new War Cabinet and, the following month, became another of Chamberlain's many non-party political appointments when they were made Minister without Portfolio and a member of the War Cabinet. Hankey was personally reluctant to take on the task but agreed to do so. They became Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster when Chamberlain was succeeded by Winston Churchill in May 1940 but was left out of Churchill's War Cabinet.
In July 1941, Lord Hankey was moved to the position of Paymaster-General, but the following year, they were dropped from the Government altogether. They continued to hold other positions in both the public and private sector until their death.
Post-war writings
After World War II, Hankey emerged as a leading critic of the war crimes trials, and in their 1950 book Politics, Trials and Errors, they argued that the Allies had no right to convict German and Japanese leaders of war crimes. Hankey kept a series of at times startlingly-detailed handwritten diaries throughout most of their years in government, including during their time as Secretary to the War Council and Imperial War Cabinet of the First World War. The diaries are currently held at the Churchill Archives Centre in Cambridge, England, and can be read by the public.
Honours
In the 1912 Birthday Honours, Hankey was appointed to the Order of the Bath as a Companion. They were then promoted within the same order as a Knight Commander in 1916 and as a Knight Grand Cross in 1919. In the 1929 Birthday Honours, Sir Maurice was appointed to the Order of St Michael and St George as a Knight Grand Cross. In the 1934 New Year Honours, Sir Maurice was appointed to the Royal Victorian Order as a Knight Grand Cross.
In the 1939 New Year Honours, they were raised to the peerage as Baron Hankey, of The Chart in the County of Surrey. The same year, they were also appointed to the Privy Council. In 1942, they were elected to the Royal Society as a Fellow under Statute 12 for those "who have rendered conspicuous service to the cause of science, or are such that election would be of signal benefit to the Society".
References
Sources
Naylor, John F. A man and an institution: Sir Maurice Hankey, the cabinet secretariat and the custody of cabinet secrecy (1984)
External links
Spartacus Educational article
The Papers of Lord Hankey and The Papers of Lady Hankey, both held at Churchill Archives Centre
|-
|-
1877 births
1963 deaths
Cabinet Secretaries (United Kingdom)
Clerks of the Privy Council
Chancellors of the Duchy of Lancaster
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Knights Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George
Knights Grand Cross of the Royal Victorian Order
Royal Marines officers
Fellows of the Royal Society (Statute 12)
British expatriates in France
Ministers in the Churchill wartime government, 1940–1945
Ministers in the Chamberlain wartime government, 1939–1940
Barons created by George VI
The Members' Expenses Committee, until July 2011 called the Members' Allowances Committee, was a select committee of the British House of Commons, the lower house of the United Kingdom Parliament. The committee advises the Members Estimates Committee and the Leader of the House of Commons on any potential developments in the allowances system for members of the Commons.
The committee was established on 22 January 2009 as one of several motions put forward by the government attempting to deal with the issue of MPs' expenses which were due to be released under the Freedom of Information Act 2000. The committee was also asked to propose an interim system of expenses and allowances for MPs shortly after the MPs' expenses scandal broke in May 2009.
The Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA) was created in answer to the expenses scandal, and the Speaker's Committee on IPSA to oversee it. As a result, the committee lay dormant from the May 2011 general election until July 2011. The committee was renamed, with the expectation of new members being appointed, amid marked dissatisfaction with the expenses scheme developed by IPSA. Its task was to report back to the House on the operations of the Parliamentary Standards Act 2009 (which established IPSA) with due consideration to the following:
value for money for taxpayers
accountability
public confidence in Parliament
the ability of members to fulfill their duties effectively
fairness for less well-off members and those with families
whether members are deterred from submitting legitimate claims
Membership
As of 18 July 2011, the members of the committee are as follows:
Source: Members' Expenses Committee
References
External links
Records for this Committee are held at the Parliamentary Archives
See also
Parliamentary committees of the United Kingdom
Select Committees of the British House of Commons
Tropical Storm Mindy was a short-lived tropical storm which affected much of Mexico and the Southeastern United States in September 2021. The thirteenth tropical storm of the 2021 Atlantic hurricane season, Mindy originated from a tropical wave which entered the Atlantic Ocean from the west coast of Africa on August 22. The wave traveled westward across the Atlantic, breaking apart for the first time on August 27. After moving through Central America breaking apart once more on September 2. The northern part of the wave moved into the Gulf of Mexico on September 5, moving gradually northward between two mid-level ridges. On September 8, the wave began showing signs of organization and gale-force winds, becoming Tropical Storm Mindy southwest of Apalachicola, Florida. Mindy intensified before landfall, attaining a peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 1000 mbar (29.53 inHg) at 01:15 UTC on September 9; as the cyclone made landfall on St. Vincent Island, Florida. The storm rapidly weakened inland before entering the Atlantic and being absorbed by a baroclinic system on September 11.
While moving across Mexico, the precursor to Mindy killed a total of 23 people and caused losses of $75 million (2021 USD) as a result of floods. As Mindy tracked across the Southeastern United States, minor damage was reported through tropical storm-force winds and heavy rainfall.
Meteorological history
A tropical wave entered the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of West Africa on August 22. The wave moved westward across the Atlantic, steered by a subtropical ridge to the north, fracturing first on August 27, with the northern part becoming Tropical Storm Kate and the southern part entering the Caribbean Sea between August 28–29. Briefly on September 1, the system showed some signs of organization, prior to crossing Central America the next day and stopping further development. While crossing Central America, the wave once more broke apart, with the new southern half emerging into the East Pacific and forming into Hurricane Olaf by September 7. The northern half moved over the Yucatán Peninsula between September 3–4 and entered the Gulf of Mexico on September 5.
Trapped between two mid-level ridges to the northwest and southeast, the wave was left within an area of weak steering currents, thus it moved gradually northward. A deep-layer trough over the western Gulf of Mexico boosted the system northeastward on September 8. An overnight burst of deep convection the same day helped the disturbance become better-defined at the surface level, thus scatterometer data indicated gale-force winds and a well-defined center at 15:16 UTC. At 18:00 UTC, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) upgraded the disturbance into Tropical Storm Mindy, about 140 nautical miles southwest of Apalachicola, Florida. Throughout the remainder of the day, Mindy strengthened within environmental conditions of warm ocean temperatures of 84 °F (29 °C), moderate southwesterly vertical wind shear, and marginally favorable mid-level humidity of 60%. However, Mindy had limited time over the Gulf of Mexico as it raced northeastwards toward land.
At 01:15 UTC on September 9, a combination of surface observations and radar data indicated that Mindy had attained a peak intensity with maximum sustained winds of 60 mph (95 km/h) and a minimum barometric pressure of 1000 mbar (29.53 inHg); as it made landfall on St. Vincent Island, Florida. These radar observations along with velocity data depicted Mindy with a well-defined circulation and spiral banding upon landfall. Over the next few hours, Mindy pushed inland across Florida's Big Bend region, skirting to the south of Tallahassee. By 12:00 UTC the same day, Mindy was downgraded to a tropical depression by the NHC, before emerging back into the Atlantic Ocean just six hours later. Increases of westerly vertical wind shear combined with a recent cold front offshore the Southeastern United States caused Mindy to lose tropical characteristics and convection to become disorganized. At 00:00 UTC on September 10, Mindy transitioned into a post-tropical cyclone around 150 nautical miles southeast of Wilmington, North Carolina. The remnant circulation was noted for another day before fully embedding within a baroclinic zone at 00:00 UTC on September 11.
Preparation and impact
Mexico
In Mexico, the precursor to Mindy dropped torrential rainfall between September 2–7, resulting in flooding. The worst flooding was reported in the states of Hidalgo, Morelos, Mexico City, State of Mexico, and Jalisco. These floods caused a total of 23 fatalities and $75 million (2021 USD) worth of losses. A total of 31,000 homes were also damaged by flooding.
In Hidalgo, the Tula River and Rosas River was affected by more than two days of heavy rainfall, resulting in the overtopping of their banks. In Atotonilco de Tula, flooding from the former river forced the evacuation of 41 individuals from a hospital, and caused the deaths of 17 others. Most of the fatalities were patients that had been hospitalized with COVID-19 as stated by Governor Omar Fayad, posting images showing nurses evacuating patients from deep floodwaters. More than 1,000 additional residents were evacuated across the city, while damage was reported to several buildings.
Across the state of Morelos, flooding was reported in several communities which left four dead and one missing. More than 300 homes received damage, severely affecting about 1,600 citizens. In Tlayacapan, all four fatalities in the state were reported in the village where sixty homes had damage. Shelters were opened for victims of flooding in the state. Cleanup and rescue efforts were assisted by the Red Cross and local civil protection. On September 3, Governor Cuauhtémoc Blanco expressed condolences to victims and pledged to distribute relief supplies while warning of remaining river flooding in the region. In Ecatepec de Morelos, state media reported on two deaths due to flooding in the area. More than 100,000 residents in the city were affected by flooding. Around 60 vehicles sustained damage from the storm in Morelos, as well as infrastructure. Mexibús transit routes were disrupted by flooding in Chimalhuacán, in the State of Mexico. A road connecting Mexico City to the state of Morelos was flooded by waters with a depth of 1.7 feet (0.5 m). The precursor to Mindy affected the region on the same day as a powerful earthquake impacted the nearby state of Guerrero and was felt around Mexico City and surrounding states.
In Jalisco, more than 1,000 homes were damaged by flooding that reached depths of 19 inches (50 cm) in some areas. Across the southern portion of the Guadalajara metropolitan area, firefighters and members of the civil protection rescued stranded vehicles and removed debris from clogged drains to clear roads. Flooding in Tlaquepaque blocked vehicles from crossing some roads for several minutes. In one of the municipalities' neighborhoods, severe flooding inundated homes and left many stranded on their roofs. Multiple dams were overtopped in Tlajomulco as a result of excessive precipitation, spreading floodwaters over a road and halting traffic. Another street in the town was flooded by the collapse of a fence retaining floodwaters. A public transport unit collided with a vehicle carrying deployed personnel in Tlajomuclo, resulting in several injuries and the needed assistance of paramedics. At least three people in Guadalajara required rescue after their vehicles were swept away in a downpour. Three homes were flooded in the Zapopan neighborhood of Miramar by the overflow of a nearby stream. The neighborhood of La Primavera also suffered flooding which entered homes and caused a vacant structure to collapse. In other nearby neighborhoods, floodwaters reached a level of 5.9 inches (15 cm).
United States
Mindy's genesis was not well forecast as the NHC was unsure about where the storm would possibly, if at all, spawn. As a result, a Tropical Storm Warning was not issued until the storm was just hours away from landfall. The first of these warnings was issued at 21:00 UTC on September 8 and covered an area from Mexico Beach to the Steinhatchee River in Florida. This warning was expanded slightly before being discontinued as Mindy pushed inland at 09:00 UTC on September 9. Prior rainfall from Hurricane Elsa and Hurricane Ida saturated low—lying areas in Dixie County, forcing residents to evacuate. As a precaution for Mindy, the government of New York City tested a new alert system following major flooding from the remnants of Hurricane Ida.
In the United States, Mindy left overall minor damage from tropical storm-force winds and heavy rainfall. A peak wind gust of 54 mph (87 km/h) was observed at Island View Park in Carrabelle, Florida on September 9 while a wind gust of 61 mph (98 kmh) was also reported at an elevation of 115 feet (35 m) at Tyndall Air Force Base. A small storm surge of 1 to 2 feet (0.3 to 0.61 m) was reported along the coasts of the Big Bend of Florida and Apalachee Bay. A peak surge of 2.3 feet (0.7 m) was reported by gauge in Steinhatchee. A rainfall accumulation of 4.85 inches (123.19 mm) was observed in Tallahassee, while Mindy's outer bands produced a peak total of 5.6 inches (142.24 mm) of precipitation in Beverly Hills. More than 10,000 customers lost electricity in the region because of Mindy, with outages extending into southeastern Georgia. Leon High School and an elementary school in Tallahassee started classes on September 9 without electricity until it was restored a few hours later. Across Leon County, two home suffered damage from downed trees, along with a destroyed manufactured home where a person was trapped inside but escaped unscathed. A semi truck was blown off a road near Tallahassee. Flooding was reported in Lynn Haven and Parker after grounds were saturated by recent rainfall and Mindy. Fallen trees were observed across Franklin, Jefferson, Wakulla, and Holmes counties in Florida. An EF0 tornado was also spawned in Wakulla County near Crawfordville, although damage was only minor and limited to trees. In Jefferson County, large oak trees were downed south of U.S. 27 and the Waukeenah Highway, leaving all customers of Duke Energy in the area without power.
Scattered power outages affected most of Georgia as a result of Mindy, with the heaviest outages being reported around the towns of Pearson and Washington on the evening of September 9. Swaths of southeast Georgia up to Interstate 75 in Tifton reported 3—5 inches (76.2–127 mm) of rain. In Savannah, rainfall rates of an inch (25.4 mm) per hour were observed. In South Carolina, a combination of storm surge and heavy rainfall from Mindy prompted the closure of more than a dozen streets in Charleston. A peak rainfall amount of 5.68 inches (144.272 mm) was measured near Beaufort; rainfall totals of generally over 4 inches (101.6 mm) were observed along the South Carolina coast to the southeast of Interstate 95 from Beaufort to Charleston. A large tree crushed a vehicle and home in Burton. Another residence in Beaufort was struck by lightning, causing about $20,000 (2021 USD) worth of damage. Law enforcement was forced to place barricades on flooded roads near a Charleston hospital. Floodwaters entreated a nail salon in a low-lying part of Charleston, being pushed in by passing vehicles. Tidal levels in Charleston Harbor were measured near 6.8 feet (2.07 m) during the storm. Flooding was reported north of the Broad River, causing county sheriffs to close some flooded streets and advising motorists to seek alternate routes. Damage across South Carolina totaled $28,000. Total losses across the United States was worth $169,000.
See also
Weather of 2021
Tropical cyclones in 2021
Tropical Storm Bonnie (2004)
Tropical Storm Emily (2017)
Tropical Storm Nestor (2019)
References
External links
The National Hurricane Center's advisory archive on Tropical Storm Mindy
2021 Atlantic hurricane season
Tropical cyclones in 2021
Atlantic hurricanes in Mexico
Hurricanes in Florida
Hurricanes in Georgia (U.S. state)
Atlantic tropical storms
or Poké Lids are manhole covers in Japan decorated with drawings of Pokémon characters. Beginning installation in 2018, over 200 covers have since been installed by The Pokémon Company in cities across the country. They serve as local points of interest, attracting tourists to lesser known destinations in Japan.
Background
In Japan, manhole covers are often decorated with artistic designs, with CBS News reporting in 2019 that over 6,000 designs were spread across the country. The practice originated in the 1980s as a public relations campaign for the revitalization of sewer systems. Many towns and cities across Japan have their own designs which represents the local identity, and the practice has garnered sufficient interest from the public for annual manhole exhibitions.
The Pokémon Company, in partnership with local Japanese governments within the "Pokémon Local Acts" project, began designing and installing manhole covers to be installed in Japanese towns, partly to attract tourists to smaller uncommon destinations and help revitalize cities struck by natural disasters. The first such manhole installed featured the Pokémon Eevee, installed in the city of Ibusuki in Kagoshima Prefecture on 20 December 2018. The covers were made in Saga Prefecture, and were hand-colored.
Distribution
As of November 2021, there were over 200 Pokéfuta installed across 22 prefectures of Japan, with Miyagi Prefecture having the most installations with 35 manholes. The prefecture has a Pokéfuta for each of its 35 municipalities. This compared to the around 100 installed by August 2020. Hokkaido had 34 covers, Miyazaki Prefecture hosted 26 spots, while Tokyo Prefecture hosted 12. One notable location is in the remote village of Ogasawara in Tokyo Prefecture, located over 1,000 km away from Tokyo proper and featuring four Pokéfuta. The Tōhoku region, heavily damaged by the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami, contains the highest concentration – one third of the covers were located there as of March 2021.
Each manhole cover had a unique design, featuring one or more Pokémon. In some cases, the choice of the featured Pokémon was related to the location – for example, Eevee was chosen for Ibusuki due to wordplay ( rhymes with ), and in some prefectures a specific Pokémon is consistently featured – such as in Hokkaido, Tottori, and Fukushima where all covers featured the Pokémon Vulpix, Sandshrew/Sandslash and Chansey respectively, which had been selected as the prefectures' "Pokémon ambassadors". Many of the cover designs also feature local tourist attractions at their locations. The covers are used as "Pokéstops" in the mobile game Pokémon Go. Official merchandise featuring the designs on the manhole covers have also been released.
References
External links
Map of Pokéfuta locations
Street art
Works based on Pokémon
Public art in Japan
Sad Hunk is the fifth studio album by Canadian musician Bahamas, released October 9, 2020. The album's release was preceded by the preview single "Own Alone" in August, with "Trick to Happy" following in September.
The album won the Juno Award for Adult Alternative Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2021.
Track listing
Charts
References
2020 albums
Bahamas (musician) albums
Juno Award for Adult Alternative Album of the Year albums
Horseshoe Island is an island long and wide occupying most of the entrance to Square Bay, along the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was discovered and named by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill who mapped the area by land and from the air in 1936–37. Its name is indicative of the crescentic alignment of the peaks which give a comparable shape to the island.
Station Y
Lying at the north-western end of the island is Station Y , also known as Horseshoe Base, an inactive but relatively unaltered and completely equipped British research station of the late 1950s. It includes ‘Blaiklock', a nearby refuge hut. The station was occupied from 11 March 1955 to 21 August 1960, when its personnel were transferred to Stonington Island's Station E. In 1969 it was reopened from 7 March to 11 July to complete local survey work. The site has been designated a Historic Site or Monument (HSM 63), following a proposal by the United Kingdom to the Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting.
Turkish Research Base
Turkey has announced the island as the chosen location to install its first research base in Antarctica. Having a recent research program - the Turkish Polar Research Program - started in 2017, it has opened temporary facilities on the island in 2018, including a weather monitoring station and a camp. The plan is to build a permanent base for around 50 people, initially operating only during the summer, and later throughout all the year.
See also
List of Antarctic and sub-Antarctic islands
Crime in Antarctica
Russet Pikes
References
External links
Islands of Graham Land
Fallières Coast
Historic Sites and Monuments of Antarctica
Labugama pearsoni is a species of spine-headed katydid found in Sri Lanka. It is the only species in the genus Labugama.
References
Conocephalinae
Orthoptera of Asia
Insects described in 1932
These are the late night schedules for the four United States broadcast networks that offer programming during this time period, from September 2000 to August 2001. All times are Eastern or Pacific. Affiliates will fill non-network schedule with local, syndicated, or paid programming. Affiliates also have the option to preempt or delay network programming at their discretion.
Legend
Schedule
By network
ABC
Returning series
ABC World News Now
Nightline
Politically Incorrect with Bill Maher
CBS
Returning series
Late Night with David Letterman
The Late Late Show with Craig Kilborn
Up to the Minute
Fox
Returning series
MADtv
NBC
Returning series
Friday Night
Late Night with Conan O'Brien
Later
Saturday Night Live
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
New series
Later Presents SCTV
United States late night network television schedules
2000 in American television
2001 in American television
Désiré Jean Léon Vervoort (11 April 1810, in Antwerp – 9 July 1886, in Watermael-Boitsfort) was a Belgian lawyer and liberal politician. They were member of the Belgian parliament and President of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives from 23 November 1860 until 27 May 1863.
See also
Liberal Party
Liberalism in Belgium
Sources
Désiré Jean Léon Vervoort
Remy, F., in : Biographie Nationale, Brussels, Académie Royale des Sciences, des Lettres et des Beaux Arts, 1866–1986, XXXVIII, 1973–1974, kol. 807–809.
De Paepe, Jean-Luc, Raindorf-Gérard, Christiane (ed.), Le Parlement Belge 1831-1894. Données Biographiques, Brussels, Académie Royale de Belgique, 1996, p. 604.
1810 births
1886 deaths
Politicians from Antwerp
Presidents of the Chamber of Representatives (Belgium)
This is a list of cricketers who have played for Kent County Cricket Club in top-class matches. The county club has its origin in the Kent Club founded at Canterbury on 6 August 1842. A similar organisation was formed at Maidstone in 1859 and, in 1870, these two amalgamated to create the present county club. Like the Kent county teams formed by earlier organisations, including the old Town Malling club, the county club has always been classified as a top-class team. The players listed have played for the club in first-class cricket, List A cricket or Twenty20 cricket matches.
The details are the player's usual name followed by the years in which they were active as a Kent player and then their name is given as it would usually appear on modern match scorecards. Note that many players represented other teams besides Kent. Current players are shown as active to the latest year in which they played for the club. The list excludes Second XI and other players who did not play for the club's first team. Players who represented the county before August 1842 are included only if they also played for the county club after its initial formation.
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
Niall O'Brien (2004–2006) : NJ O'Brien
Sid O'Linn (1951–1954) : S O'Linn
Mike Olton (1962–1963) : MF Olton
Marcus O'Riordan (2019–2022) : MK O'Riordan
Edward O'Shaughnessy (1879–1885) : E O'Shaughnessy
Cuthbert Ottaway (1869–1870) : CJ Ottaway
P
Q
Qais Ahmad (2021–2022) : Qais Ahmad
Matt Quinn (2021–2022) : MR Quinn
R
S
T
U
Derek Ufton (1945–1962) : DG Ufton
Derek Underwood (1963–1987) : DL Underwood
V
Bryan Valentine (1927–1948) : BH Valentine
Martin van Jaarsveld (2005–2011) : M van Jaarsveld
Alan Verrinder (1977) : AOC Verrinder
Hardus Viljoen (2016–2019): GC Viljoen
W
Y
William Yardley (1868–1878) : W Yardley
Yasir Arafat (2007–2008) : Yasir Arafat
Yasir Shah (2017): Yasir Shah
Alfred Young (1890) : AJK Young
See also
List of Kent County Cricket Club captains
List of Gentlemen of Kent cricketers
List of Kent county cricketers to 1842
Notes
References
Bibliography
Carlaw D (2020a) Kent County Cricketers A to Z. Part One: 1806–1914 (Revised edition). (Available online at the Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians. Retrieved 2020-12-19.)
Carlaw D (2020b) Kent County Cricketers A to Z. Part Two: 1919–1939. (Available online at the Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians. Retrieved 2020-12-19.)
Players
Kent
Cricketers
Spectris plc is a supplier of precision instrumentation and controls. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
History
The Company was founded by Richard Fairey in 1915, as the Fairey Aviation Company with the objective of manufacturing seaplanes. In 1980 the business was acquired by Pearson from which it was the subject of a management buy-out in 1987. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1988. In the 1990s the Company focused on electronics selling its electrical insulator and hydraulic actuator businesses.
In 1997 it acquired Burnfield, a measuring instruments manufacturer, and in 1999 it bought Servomex, an industrial instruments manufacturer. In 2000 it bought four instrumentation businesses from Spectris A.G. of Germany and then in 2001 changed its name to Spectris plc. In 2002 it bought the Philips Analytical business. In 2011, Spectris bought Omega Engineering for $475 million.
In December 2012 it sold Fusion UV to Heraeus Holding, GmbH. for US$172 million in cash, using the proceeds to pay down debt. In 2014 it acquired ESG Solutions, an industry leader and pioneer in microseismic technology and services for the oil and gas, mining and geotechnical industries.
In January 2018, Spectris Group acquired Concept Life Sciences from the private equity firm Equistone Partners for £163m. In April 2018, Spectris acquired Revolutionary Engineering from company management for US$19m on a debt and cash-free basis and merged the company into the Spectris owned subsidiary, Millbrook Proving Ground. In July 2018, Spectris acquired the leading provider of turnkey solutions, VI-Grade for an undisclosed sum. It joined Spectris as an independent company; however, following changes in the business merged with Spectris owned HBK in February 2020.
In July 2018, Andrew Heath was announced as the new CEO of Spectris following the retirement of John O'Higgins. O'Higgins served as CEO of Spectris for 12 years. Heath formally joined Spectris as the CEO in September 2018.
In September 2019 it announced the divestment of BTG to Voith for total gross cash consideration of €319 million (£283 million).
In January 2020, Spectris announcement the divestment of EMS Brüel & Kjær, a joint venture with Macquarie Corporate Holdings Pty Limited. Spectris and Macquarie Corporate Holdings Pty Limited divested EMS Brüel & Kjær to Envirosuite Limited, an environmental management technology company. Spectris received AUD35 million cash, less repayment of EMS B&K's debt facility on completion, and 10 million shares in Envirosuit in consideration.
In November 2020, it was announced that HBK subsidiary, VI-grade would acquire Imtec Engineering for an undisclosed sum. Further to acquisition of IMTEC Engineering, the traffic simulation and sensor simulation company, RightHook, was acquired and merged into VI-grade in November 2020 for an undisclosed sum.
Spectris announced in December 2020 that Millbrook Proving Ground would be divested from the Spectris portfolio of companies and acquired by UTAC CERAM for £133 million. The divestment was completed on the 2 February 2021.
In December 2020 it was announced that B&K Vibro, another Spectris company, would be acquired by NSK Group for £163 million in cash.
In April 2021, Spectris announced the acquisition of the real-time operating system developer and manufacturer Concurrent Real Time from Battery Ventures, a Boston-based PE firm, for a purchase consideration of $166.7 million (£121.2 million) in cash. Spectris also announced the divestment of ESG Solutions from its Industrial Solutions Division for $4 million to SCF Partners to be merged into their existing company Deep Imaging Technologies, Inc. Following this, on the 24 August 2021, the divestment of NDC Technologies was confirmed. NDC was acquired by Nordson Corporation from Spectris for $180 million.
Spectris announced on 11 January 2022 that the specialist bioanalysis sensor company, Creoptix, had been acquired by Malvern Panalytical for an undisclosed sum. Creoptix would be integrated into Malvern Panalytical throughout the first half of 2022. In April the Spectris operating company, Red Lion Controls, announced that they have acquired MB Connect Line for an undisclosed figure.
On the 19 April 2022, Spectris announced its intention to divest Omega Engineering to the Dwyer Group, an Arcline portfolio company, for $525 million subject to regulatory approval. In addition, Spectris announced a share buyback programme of up to £300 million, with an initial tranche of £150 million followed by a further £150 million subject to approval by shareholders.
In May 2022, it was announced Spectris had acquired the California-based designer and manufacturer of piezo-electric accelerometers and dynamic force sensors, Dytran Instruments for £66 million.
Operations
The Company is organised as follows:
Platforms
Malvern Panalytical
HBK
Omega Engineering
Industrial Solutions Division
Particle Measuring Systems
Red Lion Controls
Servomex
References
External links
Official site
Fairey Aviation Company
Technology companies of the United Kingdom
X-ray equipment manufacturers
Companies based in Surrey
Technology companies established in 1915
Companies listed on the London Stock Exchange
1915 establishments in England
English brands
S Tikuna (S-34) is a Type 209 submarine of the Brazilian Navy. Built in the Brazilian Navy Yard in Rio de Janeiro (AMRJ), it was launched in March 2005 and incorporated into the Brazilian Navy on July 21, 2006, and then transferred to the Naval Operations Command. It is the fourth Brazilian Navy submarine made in Brazil and the largest ever built in the country. The name of this submarine is a tribute to South American indigenous tribe Tikuna inhabiting the region of the Upper Solimões, in the western part of the State of Amazonas.
History
It was built in the Brazilian Navy Yard in Rio de Janeiro and was put out to sea at 10:30 of 9 March 2005. They were incorporated into the Navy on 16 December 2005, and then transferred to the Naval Operations Command. On 21 July 2006, they were transferred from the Department of Material for the Naval Operations Command, in a ceremony held at the Navy Yard in Rio de Janeiro.
The Tikuna is the fourth Brazilian Navy submarine built into the strategy of learning how to "Design, Construction and Repair" these resources and the largest submarine ever built by the country. They have a crew of seven officers and 29 enlisted, eight torpedo tubes and is powered by diesel-electric propulsion, with electric motor, batteries and sets of diesel-engine generators.
Design
Them design is based on that of the German IKL-209 design which originated the Tupi Class in Brazil. The Tikuna incorporates several technological innovations that provide better performance such as lower noise signature and longer period of submerged operation, particularly during battery recharge operations (Snorkel) while the vessel is snorkeling. These substantial innovations make this submarine the first in a new class bearing them name.
References
External links
S-34 Tikuna on Brasil em Defesa
S-34 Tikuna on YouTube
2006 ships
Tupi-class submarines
Ships built in Brazil
Bowral, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales was created in 1894 and abolished in 1904.
Election results
Elections in the 1900s
1901
Elections in the 1890s
1898
1895
1895 by-election
1894
References
New South Wales state electoral results by district
Konrad Gruszkowski (born 27 January 2001) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Wisła Kraków.
Career statistics
References
External links
2001 births
Living people
Polish footballers
Poland youth international footballers
Poland under-21 international footballers
Association football defenders
Wisła Kraków players
Motor Lublin players
Ekstraklasa players
III liga players
Odrin Cove (, ) is the 10 km wide bay indenting for 7 km Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, and entered southwest of Fothergill Point and northeast of Spoluka Point. Its head is fed by Zaychar Glacier, Sinion Glacier, Akaga Glacier and the glacier featuring Arrol Icefall.
The bay is named after the settlements of Odrintsi in Northeastern and Southern Bulgaria.
Location
Odrin Bay is centred at . British mapping in 1978.
Maps
British Antarctic Territory. Scale 1:200000 topographic map. DOS 610 Series, Sheet W 64 60. Directorate of Overseas Surveys, UK, 1978.
Antarctic Digital Database (ADD). Scale 1:250000 topographic map of Antarctica. Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research (SCAR), 1993–2016.
References
Odrin Bay. SCAR Composite Antarctic Gazetteer.
Bulgarian Antarctic Gazetteer. Antarctic Place-names Commission. (details in Bulgarian, basic data in English)
External links
Odrin Bay. Copernix satellite image
Bays of Graham Land
Bulgaria and the Antarctic
Nordenskjöld Coast
Bracewell and Brogden is a civil parish in Pendle, Lancashire, England. It contains eleven listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish is almost completely rural, and most of the listed buildings are farmhouses and farm buildings. The remaining listed buildings are other houses and a church.
Key
Buildings
Notes and references
Notes
Citations
Sources
Lists of listed buildings in Lancashire
Buildings and structures in the Borough of Pendle
"He Said They Loved Me" is a song by English rock band Reverend and the Makers from their 2007 debut album, The State of Things. The song features Jon McClure and Laura Manuel on lead vocals. It was released on 26 August 2007 as a digital download and on 3 September 2007 as a physical single. The song reached number 16 on the UK Singles Chart the same month.
Song information
"He Said They Loved Me" was co-written by Alan Smyth, Jon McClure, and Alex Turner of fellow English rock band band Arctic Monkeys. Like Reverend and the Makers' debut single, "Heavyweight Champion of the World", it is also attributed to Alan Smyth, who produced the original demos for the band. The song and B-side "You Get So Alone It Just Makes Sense" both appear on the demo release Ten Songs; the latter track was taken from the title of a collection of poems by Charles Bukowski. The other B-side, "God Is in the TV", was originally a song by McClure's previous band, 1984. Both B-sides were co-written by Ed Cosens.
Track listings
UK and Australian CD single
"He Said They Loved Me"
"You Get So Alone Sometimes It Just Makes Sense"
"God Is in the TV"
UK 7-inch single
A1. "He Said They Loved Me"
B1. "You Get So Alone Sometimes It Just Makes Sense"
B2. "Just Like Their Dad"
Charts
References
2007 singles
2007 songs
Reverend and The Makers songs
Songs written by Alan Smyth
Songs written by Alex Turner (musician)
UK Independent Singles Chart number-one singles
Wall of Sound (record label) singles
The Iyasile Naa, also known as The legacy, is a digital painting created by Ade Olufeko, a designer known for their multidisciplinary work on African social economics. The original artwork was created in 2013. It underwent enhancements in Lagos and was reissued in 2017 as a major collaboration project piece through an African conference at Oxford University. According to the Vanguard news, parts of the artwork were influenced by 1985's We Are the World music project. Legal experts suggest that the eventual buyer of the artwork's reissue cannot financially exploit the work until the year 2033, stating that all "proceeds at any time from sales will remain within the African economic system."
Background
In the spring of 2013, Olufeko known for their cross-disciplinary signature through technology, created the artwork on the premise of social inclusion, brain gain and innovation. The art piece originally titled, Whatever is destroyed is created again, was made for and leveraged by an NGO, the United for Kids Foundation in Washington D.C.
Revealed for the first time at the Whittemore House making its debut to the public, it successfully raised money for children, and all proceeds were used to build libraries and classrooms in Lagos, Nigeria. The artwork surfaced at another fundraiser at the Civic Center in Lagos, drawing affluent patrons of the arts, doubling donations of its previous auction.
The conception of the finished piece is suggested to be forecast of the continent's economic growth.
Design
The artwork is described as a visual albedo, it incorporates and is classified as; mixed media, digital abstracts and painted work. Portions of the piece were created via a graphics tablet on an iMac, and printed to heavy coated paper. It is sprinkled with crushed amethyst clusters, acrylic diamond confetti and inscribed with permanent markers. The year 2053 appears in the center of the work allowing interpretations of trajectories to theorists. As part of the reissue, signatures and enhanced artistic deformations were added for Art valuation.
Reissue and Sungbo's Eredo
In spring 2017, Olufeko attended and spoke at the Blavatnik School of Government's Breaking the Frame[works] conference alongside other thought leaders, discussing the "changing state of the African continent", on the topics of media, technology and governance. Prior to the conference, Olufeko collaborated with the conference team at Oxford to reissue the painting, "Philosophers' Legacy ". The new version and charity experiment was created in stealth mode. The piece was completed in October 2017, making its debut inside Sungbo's Eredo, an African monument. The release coincided with the 10th anniversary marking of Visual Collaborative.
Name change and blockchain
In early 2022, It was announced by The Guardian (Nigeria) news that the artwork had been renamed from Philosophers Legacy to Iyasile Naa which means "the legacy" in the Yoruba language. This was done to protect intellectual property and alleviate conflicts during the rapid use of NFTs non-fungible tokens on the Blockchain. The changes aim to be a direct benefit for aspiring digital painters and enthusiasts.
Reception
According to Road to Africa, the artwork's place in the Fourth Industrial Revolution can be leveraged to aid ongoing brain-gain initiatives to steer NGOs, the private sector and friends of the continent which includes its diasporas into a self-reliant, yet an interdependent partner of the world economy. A derivative work named Remember To Rise was created a year later.
Autographs
The following is a list of persons at and outside the oxford conference who signed the artwork.
Mike Adenuga Jr. GCON, CSG, CLH – Business magnate
Tokunbo Talabi – Businessman, politician
Fred Swaniker – Leadership development expert
Support signatures
Dr. Yene Assegid – Leadership coach
Donald Kaberuka – Economist
Seko Shamte – Tanzanian filmmaker
Nawal M. Nour – African women's health practitioner
Eryca Freemantle – Global beauty ambassador
Banky Wellington – Nigerian singer and media mogul
Jake Okechukwu Effoduh – Activist and lawyer
Vivian Ojo – Conference chair
François-Xavier Ada – Researcher
Angel Jones – Brain gain advocate
Ademola Adesina – renewable energy investor
Simukai Chigudu – Medical doctor
Vimbai Gwata – technologist
Kevin Marsh – Oxford professor
Gareth Ackerman – Businessman
Leona Hauldren – British preschooler
See also
Remember To Rise
African Renaissance
Sungbo's Eredo
References
Contemporary works of art
American paintings
Carré Otis (born September 28, 1968) is an American model and actor.
Early life
Carré Otis was born in San Francisco, and raised in Marin County, California, along with their older sister Chrisse and their younger brother Jordan. They attended Marin Academy in San Rafael, California, and the John Woolman School in Nevada City, California.
Career
Early modeling
Otis ran away from home at 16. A year later, while living with an abusive boyfriend in San Francisco, Otis was scouted, by Look Model Agency and was initially signed to Elite Model Management in New York by John Casablancas. They first achieved fame after being sent to Elite in Paris, when they appeared on the cover of French Elle in April 1986. Over the next several years, they appeared on covers in the American and foreign editions of Vogue, Harper's Bazaar, Cosmopolitan, Allure, Mirabella, and Marie Claire. In 1991, Bruce Weber photographed Carré Otis, in San Francisco, California.
Otis appeared in ads for Guess jeans (1988), Calvin Klein jeans (1991), the 1996 Pirelli calendar, and also posed for the Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition (2000). Otis is the model on the poster above the character Rusty Griswald's bed in the 1989 film National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation. Otis was also featured in 1990 and 2000 issues of Playboy magazine. Otis has walked the runway for Max Mara, Dolce & Gabbana, Gucci, Ermanno Scervino, Todd Oldham and Donna Karan.
Acting
In 1989, Otis made their acting debut in the film Wild Orchid opposite future husband Mickey Rourke. Stills from the film's climactic sex scene were sold to Playboy, and were the subject of a lawsuit filed by Otis. Otis would later appear in another Rourke film, Exit in Red.
Later modeling
After the end of their marriage to Rourke, Otis gradually resumed modeling. In 2000, they became one of the oldest models to appear in the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue, although Christie Brinkley at 34 and Cheryl Tiegs at 42 were featured prominently in the 25th Anniversary edition of Sports Illustrated, released in 1989. Shortly thereafter, Otis began recovering from anorexia nervosa. As part of their recovery, they experienced a weight gain that offered them the opportunity to work as a plus-size model, most notably as the face for Marina Rinaldi and editorials for Mode Magazine; in 2003, Otis became a spokesperson for National Eating Disorders Awareness Week. They also appeared periodically as a correspondent on Channel 4 News in San Francisco.
In August 2003, Otis posed for a PETA ad campaign promoting vegetarianism and animal rights.
In 2005, they represented the Breil jewelry line.
 They are on the advisory board of the Model Alliance and an ambassador for the National Eating Disorders Association.
Works
Beauty, Disrupted: A Memoir (2011) is an autobiographical book by Otis and Hugo Schwyzer.
Otis tells the story of their life and modelling career. They detail abuses they suffered, including being raped "countless" times as a young girl by Gérald Marie, the head of Elite Model Managements Paris office. During their marriage to actor Mickey Rourke, they claim they were abusive, and even threatened to kill themselves if they didn't marry him.
Personal life
Otis developed three holes in their heart during their modeling career. Otis is a vegetarian.
From June 1992 to December 1998, Otis was married to Wild Orchid co-star Mickey Rourke. In 1994, Rourke was arrested for spousal abuse. The charges were later dropped.
In 2005, They married chemical engineer Matthew Sutton, they have two children.
References
External links
1968 births
Living people
American female models
American television actores
American film actores
American Buddhists
Actresses from San Francisco
Plus-size models
Actors from San Rafael, California
American memoirists
American women memoirists
21st-century American women
Janich is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Agnes Janich (born 1985), Polish visual artist
Francesco Janich (1937–2019), Italian footballer
Oliver Janich (born 1973), German author, journalist and politician
Peter Janich (1942–2016), German professor of philosophy
TITAN2D is a geoflow simulation software application, intended for geological researchers. It is distributed as free software.
Overview
TITAN2D is a free software application developed by the Geophysical Mass Flow Group at the State University of New York (SUNY) at Buffalo.
TITAN2D was developed for the purpose of simulating granular flows (primarily geological mass
flows such as debris avalanches and landslides) over
digital elevation models (DEM)s of natural terrain.
The code is designed to help scientists and civil protection authorities assess the
risk of, and mitigate, hazards due to dry debris flows and avalanches.
TITAN2D combines numerical simulations of a flow with digital elevation data of natural terrain
supported through a Geographical Information System (GIS) interface such as GRASS.
TITAN2D is capable of multiprocessor runs.
A Message Passing Interface (MPI) Application
Programming Interface (API) allows
for parallel computing on multiple processors, which effectively increases computational power, decreases computing time,
and allows for the use of large data sets.
Adaptive gridding allows
for the concentration of computing power on regions of special
interest. Mesh refinement captures the complex flow features that occur at the leading edge
of a flow, as well as locations where rapid changes in topography induce large mass and momentum fluxes. Mesh
unrefinement is applied where solution values are relatively constant
or small to further improve computational efficiency.
TITAN2D requires an initial volume and shape estimate for the starting material, a basal friction angle, and an
internal friction angle for the simulated granular flow. The direct outputs of the program are
dynamic representations of a flow's depth and momentum. Secondary or derived outputs include flow velocity, and such field-observable quantities as run-up height, deposit thickness, and inundation area.
Mathematical Model
The TITAN2D program is based upon a depth-averaged model for an incompressible
Coulomb continuum, a “shallow-water” granular flow. The conservation equations
for mass and momentum are solved with a Coulomb-type friction
term for the interactions between the grains of the media and between the granular material
and the basal surface. The resulting hyperbolic system
of equations is solved using a parallel, adaptive mesh,
Godunov scheme. The basic form of the depth-averaged governing equations appear as follows.
The depth-averaged conservation of mass is:
The depth-averaged x,y momentum balances are:
See also
Geologic hazards
Lahar
Pyroclastic flow
Debris flow
landslides
References
Titan2D User Guide, Release 2.0.0, 2007.07.09; Geophysical Mass Flow Group, University at Buffalo (http://www.gmfg.buffalo.edu).
A.K. Patra, A.C. Bauer, C.C. Nichita, E.B. Pitman, M.F. Sheridan, M. Bursik, B. Rupp, A. Webber, A. Stinton, L. Namikawa, and C. Renschler, Parallel Adaptive Numerical Simulation of Dry Avalanches Over Natural Terrain, Journal of Volcanology and Geophysical Research, 139 (2005) 1-21.
E.B. Pitman, C.C. Nichita, A.K. Patra, A.C. Bauer, M.F. Sheridan, and M. Bursik, Computing Granular Avalanches and Landslides, Physics of Fluids, Vol. 15, Number 12 (December 2003).
M.F. Sheridan, A.J. Stinton, A. Patra, E.B. Pitman, A. Bauer, C.C. Nichita, Evaluating Titan2D mass-flow model using the 1963 Little Tahoma Peak avalanches, Mount Rainier, Washington, Journal of Volcanology and Geophysical Research, 139 (2005) 89-102.
E.B. Pitman, C. Nichita, A. Patra, A.C. Bauer, M. Bursik and A. Webber, A Numerical Study of Granular Flows on Erodible Surfaces, March 24, 2003.
B. Rupp, M. Bursik, A. Patra, B. Pitman, A. Bauer, C. Nichita, R. Saucedo, J. Macias, 2003,Simulation of Pyroclastic Flows of Colima Volcano, Mexico, Using the TITAN2D Program, AGU/EGS/EUG Spg Meet., Geophysical Research Abstracts, 5, 12857.
E. Munoz, D. Palacios, L. Namikawa, M. Sheridan, C. Renschler, Contrast Between Computer Simulations and Field Observation of Popocatepetl Lahars, Geophysical Research Abstracts, Vol. 6, 04599, 2004, European Geosciences Union.
External links
Geophysical Mass Flow Group (TITAN2D Distribution Site)
Titan2d-mod (released in 2016, a version modified from titan 3.0.0, 2011)
Processors
Scientific simulation software
Geology software
The figure rating scale (FRS), also known as the Stunkard scale, is a psychometric measurement originally developed in 1983 to communicate about the unknown weights of a research subject's absent relatives, and since adapted to assess body image.
The scale presents nine male and nine female schematic silhouettes, ranging from extreme thinness to extreme obesity. For research purposes, each participant is asked to self-select the silhouette that best indicates their or their current body size and the silhouette that reflects their or their ideal body size (IBS).
Reliability and validity
Researchers assigned six specific instructions to ask of their participants during figure selection: (1) choose your ideal figure; (2) choose the figure that reflects how you think you look; (3) choose the figure that reflects how you feel most of the time; (4) choose the figure that you think is most preferred by men; (5) choose the figure that you think is most preferred by women; and (6) pick the opposite sex figure that you find most attractive. For validity analyses, the figure ratings can be transformed into the three following discrepancy measures: (1) feel minus ideal; (2) think minus ideal; and (3) feel minus think. The instructions developed for these measures may be changed depending on the specific topic of research or category of observation. Depending on its goal, each research study may require a different set of reliability and validity assessments.
Trends in research
The figure rating scale has been used in several influential studies on body image, body satisfaction, and eating disorders, and to measure how gender, media, race, and culture affect an individual's sensitivity to their or their own physical appearance.
Most research involving the figure rating scale focuses on observing body dissatisfaction. This research area also focuses primarily on the effects of gender on body dissatisfaction. In association with the figure rating scale, more research has been conducted on female body image. Studies of body dissatisfaction have shown a woman will tend to choose an ideal body size smaller than their current body size. This discrepancy between the two figure selections indicates body dissatisfaction. A high level of body dissatisfaction can lead to eating disorders or depression.
The figure rating scale has also been used to show that the media is an important factor in body dissatisfaction. Research suggests that women are mostly influenced by media images that promote The Thin Ideal body type, whereas men are mostly influenced by media images that promote a more muscular build.
Figure rating scale studies have also assessed body image perceptions among Caucasian, Asian, and African-American college women. African-American women chose larger ideal body sizes than did Caucasian and Asian women., suggesting that each race or ethnicity may have a different concept of the ideal body type.
In order to facilitate cross-cultural comparisons, the figure rating scale has also been translated into other languages. Korean women are more dissatisfied with their bodies due to the pressures of thinness that exist in that particular culture. Australian women feel more body dissatisfaction than Hong Kong women.
Correlated measurements
Results from figure observations have been applied to other scales in order to assess body dissatisfaction and eating disorders. These scales provide more data that can assist researchers in determining why an individual will select a particular silhouette on the figure rating scale.
The Eating Disorder Inventory (EDI) assesses various aspects of eating disorders.
The Bulimia scale (B) provides seven item measures that analyze the symptoms of bulimia such as binging or purging.
The Drive for Thinness scale (DT) consists of seven items that measure the intensity of an individual's desire to lose weight or fear of gaining weight.
The Body Dissatisfaction (BD) Scale consists of nine items and measures the extent to which individuals are satisfied with specific parts of the body. This scale has been used in conjunction with the figure rating scale in order to observe if an individual's sensitivity to a particular body part explains their or their choice of silhouette.
The Body-Esteem Scale for Adolescents and Adults (BESAA) consists of twenty-three statements that measure an individual's general feelings about their or their physical appearance.
The Male Body Attitudes Scale (MBAS) consists of 24 items and assesses the three dimensions of body attitude in men (muscularity, low body fat, and height).
Applied theoretical frameworks
In order to properly use this type of measurement, it is important to understand how researchers have applied theoretical frameworks. This scale is most associated with body image research. Researchers conducting observations in this area will also draw on theories from psychology and communications to understand why an individual will choose a certain silhouette to represent their or their own body type.
Social comparison theory suggests that an individual will compare their or their own physical appearance to the body images presented in the media. Researchers have used this theory in association with the figure rating scale.
Self-discrepancy theory distinguishes among three domains of the self: the actual self, the ideal self, and the ought self. The individual may choose a separate silhouette for each domain of the self.
Limitations
Since the scale's development in 1983, alternative body image measurements have been created for research in this area. The line-drawn silhouettes provided in the scale may not provide a clear presentation of the average human body. As the silhouettes in the scale shift from very thin to very obese, the figures gain more in the middle of the body, which may not reflect the way all bodies gain weight. Some individuals may have broader shoulders or wider hips than in the images provided in the scale; therefore, participants may have a more difficult time choosing the appropriate figures to represent their physical appearances. Research has also translated this scale into computer rendered images and photographic images with real people. These three-dimensional images are able to depict a more realistic presentation of different body types.
See also
References
Communication
Eating disorders screening and assessment tools
"Turn On the Lights" is a song by American rapper Future, released on April 13, 2012 as the fourth single from their debut studio album Pluto. It peaked at number 50 on the US Billboard Hot 100, number two on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, and number one on the Top Heatseekers chart, making it the album's most successful single. It is their second highest-selling single as a lead artist. Complex named the song number 14 on their list of the best 50 songs of 2012, and Pitchfork named it number 49 on their list of the top 100 tracks of 2012.
Remix
The official remix was released September 16, 2012, and it features Lil Wayne and received fair radio airplay. Another remix was released on November 8, 2012 that features R&B singer Ciara. Lloyd has also made a remix. In 29 July 2022, the song was released and remixed by British producer Fred Again and Swedish house music supergroup Swedish House Mafia as "Turn On The Lights again..."
Commercial performance
The song peaked at number 50 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and number two on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts. In April 2015, the song was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for sales of over a million digital copies in the United States.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2012 singles
Future (rapper) songs
Song recordings produced by Mike Will Made It
2011 songs
Songs written by Future (rapper)
Epic Records singles
Songs written by Marquel Middlebrooks
Songs written by Mike Will Made It
This is a list of volumes and chapters of the manga series Genshiken, by Kio Shimoku. The series is published in Japan by Kodansha and in English for the North American market by Del Rey Manga. In Japan, the series was serialized from April 2002 to May 2006 in Afternoon magazine, and reprinted in nine collected volumes released between December 2002 and December 2006. The English version, translated by David Ury, was released between April 2005 and November 2007.
Genshiken follows the everyday lives of a college club for otaku, Shiiou University's , or just "Genshiken" for short. The story begins in Spring 2002 with the character Kanji Sasahara's discovery of the club as a first-year student, and progresses until their graduation in March 2006. This timeframe is roughly contemporaneous with the comic's original serialization. Story dates are established periodically by background evidence in the manga, such as calendars, as well as through cyclical events such as school fairs, graduations, and the Summer and Winter "Comic Festival" (Comifes), which precisely mirrors the real-life Comic Market. These dates provide a contextual basis not only for the characters' progression through college, but also the particular era which the characters inhabit, whose iteration of otaku culture the Genshiken manga is a commentary upon. In much the same way, the anime adaptation is considerably more vague about when the series takes place, allowing it to reference more recent developments in the subculture that had not yet taken place at the time of the manga's original publication.
The collected volumes generally have six chapters each. Additionally, each volume contains between-chapter interludes with regards to an otaku-specific topic. This can range from the characters discussing the best moments in the Kujibiki Unbalance anime (a show within a show for the series) in volume four, Tanaka's construction of a figure from scratch in volume six, or reviewing character designs for the newer Kujibiki Unbalance adaptation in volume eight. Although these side-bits do not often pertain directly to the plot of the volume, they provide additional commentary on particular elements of fandom as well as the characters themselves, while further establishing a sense of reality for the world the characters inhabit.
List of volumes
References and notes
Genshiken
Edith Sitzmann (born 4 January 1963, Regensburg) is a German politician of the Alliance 90/The Greens party served as State Minister of Finance in the second cabinet of Minister-President Winfried Kretschmann of Baden-Württemberg from 2017 to 2021. They were also a member of the State Parliament, representing the . From 2011 to 2016, they led the Green Party's Group in the State Parliament.
Early life and education
Sitzmann was born on 4 January 1963 in Regensburg. They studied the humanities at the University of Freiburg, University of Regensburg, and Heidelberg University. Sitzmann earned a magister degree in 1989, then began working until 1991 as a tour guide for American exchange students.
Political career
Sitzmann joined the Alliance 90/The Greens party. From 1993 to 2001, they were a personal friend of and adviser to Dieter Salomon, a member of the Landtag of Baden-Württemberg. From 1994, they also worked as a freelance presenter and consultant for non-profit organizations until 2001, when they started their own business. In that time, Sitzmann also joined the district board of Alliance 90/The Greens from 1993 to 1994, and then the party's state board from 1995 to 1999.
In May 2016, Sitzmann was appointed State Minister of Finance for Baden-Württemberg. They announced in 2020 that they would not stand for reelection in the 2021 state elections.
Other activities
Corporate boards
EnBW, Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Supervisory Directors (2017–2021)
KfW, Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Supervisory Directors (2017–2021)
Landesbank Baden-Württemberg (LBBW), Ex-Officio Member of the Board of Supervisory Directors (2017–2021)
Non-profit organizations
German Federation for the Environment and Nature Conservation (BUND)
Nature and Biodiversity Conservation Union (NABU), Member
Citations
Living people
1963 births
People from Regensburg
Alliance 90/The Greens politicians
Members of the Landtag of Baden-Württemberg
Bogue Sound is a lagoon in the state of North Carolina separating the Bogue Banks, a barrier island, from the mainland. The sound is part of North Carolina's "Crystal Coast", a tourism marketing term that is also used interchangeably with the term "Southern Outer Banks." It is the southwestern most sound among the interconnected series of sounds along the Outer Banks that starts in the northeast at Currituck Sound.
Nine communities, all located within Carteret County, North Carolina, are located along the shores of the sound. On Bogue Banks are the communities of (from east to west) Atlantic Beach, Pine Knoll Shores, Salter Path, Indian Beach, Emerald Isle, while on the mainland are the communities of (from east to west) Beaufort, Morehead City, Cape Carteret, and Cedar Point. Morehead City's commercial port is accessed via the Bogue Sound.
Bogue Sound is encircled by three highways. NC 58 runs most of the length of Bogue Banks, while NC 24 and US 70 follow the mainland coast. Two bridges cross the sound at either end: The B. Cameron Langston Bridge, carrying NC 58, which connects Emerald Isle to both Cedar Point and Cape Carteret, and the Atlantic Beach Causeway from Morehead City to Atlantic Beach. The entire sound forms a portion of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway.
A few small islands in the sound were used for test bombing by airplanes around the time of World War II, and signs at certain points in Bogue Sound warn people of unexploded ordnance. The sound is home to Marine Corps' landing field, Bogue Field.
See also
Crystal Coast
Waterways forming and crossings of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway
References
Sounds of North Carolina
Bodies of water of Carteret County, North Carolina
Annet Negesa (born 24 April 1992) is a Ugandan former middle-distance runner who specialised in the 800 metres. They broke Ugandan national records in the 800 m and the 1500 metres as a teenager and was a three-time national champion at the Ugandan Athletics Championships. They represented their country at the 2011 World Championships in Athletics and was the 800 m gold medallist at the 2011 All-Africa Games.
As a junior (under-20) athlete, they won a team bronze medal at the 2010 IAAF World Cross Country Championships, an 800 m bronze at the 2010 World Junior Championships in Athletics, and two gold medals at the 2011 African Junior Athletics Championships. They were named 2011 Athlete of the Year by Uganda Athletics Federation.
Negesa has an XY difference of sex development which results in high levels of testosterone in their body. Under rules set by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), they had to reduce their testosterone levels in order to compete in the women's category. Negesa said the purpose of the surgery had been misrepresented to her, having been compared to an injection. The inadequate medical aftercare and physical and mental damage resulting from the surgery effectively ended their career. They returned to the track at the 2017 Ugandan Championships but completed the 1500 metres in 5:06.18 – nearly a minute below their best and a time which ranked them as a club level runner rather than an elite athlete.
International competitions
National titles
Ugandan Athletics Championships
800 m: 2011
1500 m: 2009, 2011
See also
Index of Uganda-related articles
List of Young Achievers Award winners
List of African Games medalists in athletics (women)
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
People from Iganga District
Ugandan female middle-distance runners
Commonwealth Games competitors for Uganda
Athletes (track and field) at the 2010 Commonwealth Games
African Games gold medalists for Uganda
African Games medalists in athletics (track and field)
Athletes (track and field) at the 2011 All-Africa Games
World Athletics Championships athletes for Uganda
Intersex sportspeople
Intersex women
21st-century LGBT people
Private Joseph B. Chambers (May 4, 1833 – October 8, 1909) was an American soldier who fought in the American Civil War. Chambers received the country's highest award for bravery during combat, the Medal of Honor, for their action at the Battle of Fort Stedman on 25 March 1865. They were honored with the award on 27 July 1871.
Biography
Chambers was born in Beaver County, Pennsylvania on 4 May 1833. They enlisted in the 100th Pennsylvania Volunteer Infantry. Chambers died on 8 October 1909 and their remains are interred at the Oak Park Cemetery in Pennsylvania.
Medal of Honor citation
See also
List of American Civil War Medal of Honor recipients: A–F
References
1833 births
1909 deaths
People of Pennsylvania in the American Civil War
Union Army officers
United States Army Medal of Honor recipients
American Civil War recipients of the Medal of Honor
Borger With (6 November 1872 – 1930) was a Norwegian jurist, banker and politician.
Personal life
With was born in Kragerø to merchant Joachim Andreas With and Elise Sørensen. In 1899 They married Kathrine Frølich. Their daughter Ingrid was married to Hans Jacob Ustvedt.
Career
With graduated as cand.jur. in 1896. They were appointed manager of Kristiania Folkebank from 1906. They served as mayor of Kristiania from 1923 to 1928. From 1928 they chaired the Norwegian Bankers' Association. They were a board member of the newspaper Morgenposten, and of the insurance companies Storebrand, Idun and Norske Atlas. They were chairperson of the board of the whaling company Tønsberg Hvalfangeri and of Oslo Sporveier.
In the Norwegian parliamentary election, 1930, With fielded as the 5th ballot candidate in Oslo for the Conservative Party. The election would have made them first deputy to the Storting, had they not died shortly before the election.
With was decorated Knight of the Order of St. Olav, Commander of the Order of Wasa, and Commander of the Order of the White Rose of Finland.
References
1872 births
1930 deaths
People from Kragerø
Norwegian bankers
Mayors of Oslo
Conservative Party (Norway) politicians
Yekaterina Vyachslavovna Smolentseva (, born 15 September 1981) is a Russian former professional ice hockey player and member of the Russian national ice hockey team. They played sixteen seasons with the Russian national team, during which they participated in four women's ice hockey tournaments at the Winter Olympic Games, in 2002, 2006, 2010, and 2014, and eleven IIHF Women's World Championships, winning bronze at the tournaments in 2001, 2013, and 2016.
Them club career, which spanned from 1996 to 2017, was played with Spartak-Merkury Yekaterinburg, SKIF Nizhni Novgorod, and Tornado Moscow Region of the Russian Women's Hockey League, the Connecticut Whale of the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF), and Agidel Ufa of the Zhenskaya Hockey League (ZhHL).
In December 2017, Smolentseva and seven other members of the 2014 Russian Olympic ice hockey squad were sanctioned for doping violations as part of the Oswald Commission. The team's results were retroactively disqualified and the players banned for life by the IOC. All eight players filed appeals with the Court of Arbitration for Sport and the cases of five, including Smolentseva, were overturned on appeal – their results were reinstated and the lifetime bans annulled. As sanctions on three players were upheld, the disqualification of the team's results from the 2014 Olympics remains in place.
Playing career
Smolentseva appeared in the 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014 Olympic winter games with the Russian national team. They led the Russian team in scoring at three consecutive World Championships (2007, 2008 and 2009). During the 2009 tournament, they registered six points in just three games.
Connecticut Whale
On August 15, 2015, it was announced that Smolentseva had signed a contract to play for the Connecticut Whale of the Premier Hockey Federation.
Career statistics
Note: GP= Games played; G= Goals; AST= Assists; PTS = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes; +/- = Plus Minus Rating
References
External links
Living people
1981 births
Sportspeople from Yekaterinburg
Russian women's ice hockey forwards
Connecticut Whale (PHF) players
Doping cases in ice hockey
Expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
HC Agidel Ufa players
HC SKIF players
HC Tornado players
Ice hockey players at the 2002 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2006 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Ice hockey players at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Olympic ice hockey players of Russia
Russian expatriate ice hockey people
Russian expatriate sportspeople in the United States
Russian sportspeople in doping cases
Aed Ua Cellaigh, 38th King of Uí Maine and 5th Chief of the Name, d. 1134.
Background
Aed is one of a number of 11th-century kings of Uí Maine who is obscure. According to John O'Donovan, this seems to have been as a result both of historical confusion, and possibly genealogical re-ramification, where the pedigree of one branch of the Uí Maine was later treated as a king-list.
Their place in the genealogical tree is uncertain, which reflects the tumult in the kingdom, following the long reigns of Tadhg Mór Ua Cellaigh (986-1014) and their son, Concobar mac Tadg Ua Cellaig (1014-1030).  They are called Aed mac maic Taidhg h-Úi Cellaig but it is unclear which Taidhg is meant.
The state of Uí Maine
By the 1130s, the kingdom was a vassal state of Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair, King of Connacht.
One of the few, albeit indirect, references to the kingdom during Aed's reign was the battle of Caill Cobhtaigh in 1131:
The battle of Caill-Cobhthaigh was gained over the Sil-Muireadhaigh by the people of Upper Connaught, the former having come on a predatory excursion into Munster; and both parties having engaged through mistake, the Sil-Muireadhaigh left their spoils behind.
Upper Connacht in this sense means south Connacht, which comprised almost the entire of Uí Maine. A great slaughter of the O' Conchoobair's was made here by the O' Cellaigh's and again in 1135.
Warfare in 1132
In 1132, Máenmaige, the westernmost section of the kingdom, was "plundered by Conchobhar ua Briain, who carried off many cows." They may have attended the conference of Abhall Chethernaigh in their capacity as a vassal, where "Toirdhealbhach Ua Conchobhair and Conchobhar Ua Briain, with the chiefs of the clergy of Connaught and Munster ... [made] a year's peace was made between them."
Aed died the same year died Muireadhach ua Flaithbheartach, King of Maigh Seóla. It is unknown if there were any connection between the two deaths - Muireadhach's kingdom bordered Maenmaige -, if as a result of ua Briain's attack, a succession dispute, or by other means.
References
The Tribes and customs of Hy-Many, commonly called O'Kelly's country, John O'Donovan, 1843.
Annals of Ulster at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Annals of Tigernach at CELT: Corpus of Electronic Texts at University College Cork
Revised edition of McCarthy's synchronisms at Trinity College Dublin.
People from County Galway
People from County Roscommon
Aed
12th-century Irish monarchs
Kings of Uí Maine
The benta is a large one-string bamboo zither native to Jamaica. The instrument is an idiochord, in that the string of the instrument is made from the same piece of bamboo as composes the body. The instrument is played by two men sitting astride it at either end, one striking the string and the other changing the pitch of the string by using a gourd like a guitar slide.
The instrument is primarily used to accompany Dinki Mini mourning ceremonies in Saint Mary Parish and Portland Parish.
See also
Diddley bow, a similar slide-monochord in the United States
References
External links
"Celebration Of Jamaica's Heritage", The Gleaner, 8 February 2018. Newspaper article about benta]
Jamaican musical instruments
Bamboo musical instruments
Monochords
Idiochords
Hordern Gap is a gap, wide, between Mount Coates and Mount Hordern in the David Range of the Framnes Mountains of Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photographs taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37. This gap was used by Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions (ANARE) parties in 1957 and 1958 as a route through the range, and was named by ANARE for its proximity to Mount Hordern.
References
Mountain passes of Antarctica
Landforms of Mac. Robertson Land
The 1970 Texas Longhorns baseball team represented the University of Texas at Austin in the 1970 NCAA University Division baseball season. The Longhorns played their home games at Clark Field. The team was coached by Cliff Gustafson in their 3rd season at Texas.
The Longhorns reached the College World Series, finishing third, having split two games with eventual runner-up Florida State, a holding wins over and and a fourteen-inning loss to eventual champion Southern California.
Personnel
Roster
Schedule and results
Notes
Perfect Game
On April 3, 1970 James Street shutout Texas Tech 4–0 over 7 innings in Lubbock, TX to secure the first and only Perfect game in Longhorn's history. This was also the only perfect game in the history of the Southwest Conference.
References
Texas Longhorns baseball seasons
Texas Longhorns
Southwest Conference baseball champion seasons
College World Series seasons
Texas Longhorns
Death and the Dervish (Serbo-Croatian: Derviš i smrt / Дервиш и смрт) is a novel by Meša Selimović, published in 1966. The novel was made into a 1974 feature-length film of the same name.
Plot
Sheikh Nuruddin is a respected dervish in an Islamic monastery in eighteenth century Bosnia. They learn their brother Harun has been arrested by the Ottoman authorities but they struggle to determine exactly what happened and what they should do. They narrate the story as a kind of elaborate suicide note “from a need stronger than benefit or reason” and regularly misquotes (or misunderstands) the Quran, the sacred scriptures of their faith. Slowly the Sheikh starts to probe and question society, power and life in general. Speaking the truth leads to theirs being physically assaulted in the streets and even arrested briefly. Ultimately they fight and challenges the injustice of the world by employing deceit which succeeds at the expense of innocent life. Nuruddin replaces the old Kadı but is in turn corrupted by the need to uphold the original deceit.
Principal characters
Sheikh Ahmed Nuruddin—the protagonist who is a religious everyman. Their name Ahmed means friend in Arabic, whilst Nuruddin means “light of the Religion”.
Hasan—Nuruddin's principal friend outside the tekke.
Mullah Yusuf—the young student Nuruddin has brought into the tekke as an orphan, who spies on them for outside interests.
Subject Matter
The principal theme of Death and the Dervish is “malodušnost,” a Bosnian word meaning diminished or reduced soul (translates as faint-heartedness, cowardice or indifference). The most popular interpretation of this popular novel is that Selimović employed a fictional Ottoman setting to obscure a real critique of life in Communist Yugoslavia. Another important component is the fact that the story reflects a real-life incident in the author's own life, when their brother, an ardent Communist functionary, was imprisoned and executed by Communist authorities after the war as an example to others for a very minor offense.
References
Bosnia and Herzegovina culture
Bosnia and Herzegovina literature
Novels set in Yugoslavia
Historical novels
Dervish
1966 novels
Novels set in the Ottoman Empire
Novels adapted into films
Lieutenant General Rail Rzayev (; March 10, 1945 – February 11, 2009) was the Commander of the Azerbaijani Air Force from shortly after Azerbaijan's independence in the early 1990s, to their death in 2009.
Early life
Rzayev was born on March 10, 1945, in Salyan, Azerbaijan. After completing their secondary education in Sumgayit in 1962, they were enrolled in the Aircraft Electronics and Communication Systems (FRELA) school of the Soviet Aviation Academy named after Orzhenikidze. After graduating from the academy in 1966, they were directed to serve at Baku Air Defense District. In Baku, they worked as the Senior Technician and then served as the Deputy Commander of a Division.
In 1975, they entered the Zhukov Air and Space Defence Academy. Upon graduation they were appointed a Division Commander and from 1980 through 1992, they held several high-ranking positions at various military units of the Soviet Air Force.
Azerbaijani Air Force
In 1992, Rzayev started their career in Azerbaijani Armed Forces. They were appointed the Chief of Department of Azerbaijani Air and Air Defense Forces. According to the Presidential Decree from 1993, they were appointed Deputy Minister of Defense of Azerbaijan Republic and Commander of Azerbaijani Air and Air Defense Forces, a position which they held until their death in 2009. They were shot and killed outside their Baku home on February 11, 2009.
Ranks and awards
In 1994, Rzayev was promoted to General Major, in 2002 they were given the rank of Lieutenant General. He's credited for their outstanding work in establishing and modernizing the Azerbaijani Air Force. They were awarded with Azerbaijani Flag Order and Veten Ughrunda Medal (In the Name of Motherland) for service to their country.
References
1945 births
2009 deaths
21st-century Azerbaijani Air Forces personnel
Azerbaijani military personnel of the Nagorno-Karabakh War
People murdered in Azerbaijan
Deaths by firearm in Azerbaijan
Assassinated Azerbaijani people
Recipients of the Azerbaijani Flag Order
People from Salyan, Azerbaijan
Lieutenant generals
Antonis Vasiliou (, born 23 April 1996) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a midfielder.
External links
1996 births
Living people
Cypriot footballers
Cypriot First Division players
AEL Limassol players
Association football midfielders
Sportspeople from Limassol
Expatriate footballers in Greece
Cypriot expatriates in Greece
Panachaiki F.C. players
Tydeidae is a family of acariform mites. These are generally small mites with muted colours. The body is soft, often with complex striated or reticulated patterns. Some species have two or three eyes although many are completely eyeless.
These mites live in a wide range of habitats and there are predatory, fungivorous and scavenging species.
Genera of Tydeidae include:
Acanthotydides
Idiolorryia
Krantzlorryia
Lorryia
Metalorryia
Neoapolorryia
Nudilorryia
Paralorryia
Pronematus
Pseudolorryia
Tydeus
Tydides
References
Tydeidae at Fauna Europaea
Joel Hallan's Biology Catalog: Tydeidae
External links
Trombidiformes
Acari families
Sugar Island is an unincorporated community in the Village of Summit, Waukesha county, United States. It is located on County Trunk Highway O, west of Highway 67, 10 miles east of Watertown, Wisconsin, and 5 miles east of County Trunk Highway R in Summit Wisconsin. The island is surrounded by Lower Lake Nemahbin.
History
The name was originally Sinsibakwado-Minissing, which is Chippewa for at, to, or from Sugar Island. The name was given to the area by the Chippewa tribe, because the Maple Trees would have sugary sap that they would collect once a year from the Island.
The island is now a popular vacation spot during the summer for boating and fishing.
Notes
Unincorporated communities in Dodge County, Wisconsin
Unincorporated communities in Wisconsin
Lože (, ) is a village in the Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Vipava in the traditional Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It is now generally regarded as part of the Slovenian Littoral.
Castle
Seventeenth-century Leitenburg Castle (a.k.a. Lože Castle) is located just outside the village.
References
External links
Lože at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Vipava
Stephen Wakeling (born 4 October 1983) is an English Middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer, fighting out of Kent, England.  They are former British, European and four time World Muay Thai champion.
Early life
Wakeling's parents were both Muay Thai fighters, their father competed in the famed King's Cup in Thailand.
Biography and career
They were expected to face Joe Schilling at Glory 5: London in London, England on 23 March 2013 but their opponent was changed to Simon Marcus. Marcus then withdrew from the bout to face Artem Levin, however, and Eddie Walker stepped in as their third opponent. They stopped Walker with low kicks in round two.
They were set to compete in the four man 85 kg/187 lb tournament at Glory 10: Los Angeles - Middleweight World Championship Tournament in Ontario, California, United States on 28 September 2013 and face Joe Schilling in the semi-finals. However, they were unable to compete due to visa issues and was replaced by Kengo Shimizu.
Titles
2011 WBC Muay Thai Super Middleweight World champion
2008 WMC M.A.D. World champion
2007 WKA Tournament World Middleweight Champion
2006 WBC Muay Thai Middleweight World champion
2005 S-1 Tournament World champion
2004 IMKO World champion
2003 WMC Muay Thai World champion
2003 WAKO-PRO World title (68 kg)
2002 IKF Super Welterweight European Champion
2001 British champion
Fight record
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2017-9-22|| Loss ||align=left| Cheick Sidibé || Phoenix 3 London || London, United Kingdom || TKO || 4 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2013-03-23 || Win ||align=left| Eddie Walker || Glory 5: London || London, England || KO || 2 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#c5d2ea"
| 2012-07-07 || Draw ||align=left| Artem Levin || Xplosion Muay Thai || England || Draw || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2011-01-08 || Win ||align=left| Jaochalam Chatkranokgym|| The Champions Club 6 || Pattaya, Thailand|| TKO (Knee) || 4 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2008-08-16 || Win ||align=left| Diesellek TopkingBoxing || Muaythai Legends - England vs Thailand || London, UK || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-12-08 || Win ||align=left| Yohan Lidon || Steko's Fight Night Final || Munich, Germany || Decision (Split) || 4 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-12-08 || Win ||align=left| Luis Reis || Steko's Fight Night Semi Final || Munich, Germany || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-12-08 || Win ||align=left| Odjeh Manda || Steko's Fight Night Quarter Final || Munich, Germany || KO || 1 ||
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-09-15 || Win ||align=left| Jan De Keyser || Steko's Fight Night, Final || Munich, Germany || || ||
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2007-09-15 || Win ||align=left| Yohan Lidon || Steko's Fight Night, Semi Final || Munich, Germany || TKO(Doctor Stoppage) || 2 ||
|-
|- bgcolor="#FFBBBB"
| 2007-02-25 || Loss ||align=left| Lamsongkram Chuwattana || Thunder & Lightning 10 || London, England || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#CCFFCC;"
| 2006-08-19 || Win ||align=left| Jomhod Kiatadisak || Muaythai Legends - England vs Thailand || London, UK || Decision || 5 || 3:00
|-
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2006-03-12 || Win ||align=left| John Wayne Parr || WBC Muay Thai Championships || London, England, UK || Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2005-08-12 || Win ||align=left| Pairot Wor.Wolapon || S-1 World Championship, Final || Bangkok, Thailand || KO (Knee to the head)|| 3 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2005-08-12 || Win ||align=left| Arslan Magomedov || S-1 World Championship, Semi Final || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- style="background:#cfc;"
| 2005-08-12 || Win ||align=left| Sergey Makogonov || S-1 World Championship, Quarter Final || Bangkok, Thailand || Decision || 3 || 3:00
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2004-11-14 || Win ||align=left| Abdoul Toure || Last Man Standing|| London, England, UK || TKO (Doctor Stoppage) || ||
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2004-10-02 || Win ||align=left| Aree Nadir || Muay Thai Warriors 3|| Crawley, England, UK || TKO || 1 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#fbb"
| 2003-06-22 || Loss||align=left| Kevin Harper || Now is the Time of Combat|| London, England, UK || TKO (Injury) || 1 ||
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2003-02-17 || Win ||align=left| Yingyai Jaothaleethong || || London, England, UK || Decision (Split) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|- bgcolor="#cfc"
| 2002- || Win ||align=left| Kevin Harper || || England, UK || TKO (Doctor Stoppage) || ||
|- bgcolor="#CCFFCC"
| 2002-08-18 || Win ||align=left| Junior Herbert || || Reading, England, UK || Decision (Unanimous) || 5 || 3:00
|-
! style=background:white colspan=9 |
|-
| colspan=9 | Legend:
See also
List of male kickboxers
References
External links
Scorpions Muay Thai Boxing Gym
1983 births
Living people
English male kickboxers
Welterweight kickboxers
Middleweight kickboxers
English Muay Thai practitioners
Sportspeople from London
Old Webster Schoolhouse, also known as Markleeville Schoolhouse is located at 135 School St., Markleeville, in Alpine County, California.
It was a meeting hall and school and, in 2005, when it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places was a museum.
The building is now part of the Alpine County Museum, a complex which includes the restored one-room schoolhouse, the museum, a log jail and a silver ore stamp mill. The museum is operated by the Alpine County Historical Society and is open seasonally.
References
External links
Alpine County Museum
Wayside Marker - photos
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in California
Buildings and structures in Alpine County, California
One-room schoolhouses in California
Schools in Alpine County, California
National Register of Historic Places in Alpine County, California
Hans Baldauf FAIA LEED AP, (born 20 February 1959) is an American architect with an interest in the crafting of the public realm and of private spaces. They work on a wide range of projects, from large mixed-use master plans to retail stores and single-family residences. In the public realm, Baldauf has been deeply involved in the intersection of design and the sustainable food movement, particularly with the creation of marketplaces and food halls. Baldauf served on the board of directors for the Center for Urban Education about Sustainable Agriculture (CUESA), the organization that runs the renowned Ferry Plaza Farmers Market, and as Board President from 2013-2015. Baldauf's private residences explore the traditions of construction that are evident in the Bay Tradition in architecture. They classify themselves as part of the Fourth Bay Tradition. Over the past two decades they have written about, lectured on and restored buildings designed by the early pioneers of California's Beaux-Arts movement.
Education, influences and early work
Baldauf obtained a Bachelor of Arts in History, Arts and Letters from Yale in 1981. As an undergraduate they and five other students organized a widely attended conference that examined the economic and cultural problems affecting New Haven, Connecticut. The Third Bay Tradition and the work of Kent Bloomer in particular shaped their artistic development. In their senior thesis, Baldauf focused on the interplay between public and private property reflected in the architectural layout of Sea Ranch, California. They went on to obtain a Master of Architecture degree from Yale in 1988, and soon afterward began the design phase of The Sea Pine House in Sea Ranch while working as a professional architect for Tom Beeby's firm in Chicago.
After two years in Chicago, Hans took the post of visiting assistant professor at the University of Notre Dame's Rome studies program for the 1991-1992 academic year. In addition to their teaching duties in Rome, Hans continued to supervise the construction of the Sea Pine House by flying back to California every six weeks, and sending revised plan details to their contractor via fax machine.
In 1992 they returned to the Bay Area, where they secured a position at the San Francisco firm Backen, Arrigoni and Ross (BAR) the same year.
BCV Architecture + Interiors and Beyond
In 1997 Baldauf formed the architecture firm BCV with two former BAR colleagues. The firm was chosen, as part of a diverse team including SMWM and Page & Turnbull, to design the San Francisco Ferry Building Marketplace in 1999. Prior to its restoration the ferry structure had, over the years, grown derelict--standing apart from the modern transportation infrastructure of San Francisco. BCV's vision of a new public market hall included brick arches with custom metal folding gates and a restored historic 660-foot long grand nave.
Between 2012 and 2015, Baldauf led the design of five of Belcampo Meat Co.'s California restaurants and butcher shops.
In addition to their work in the public realm, Baldauf has designed single-family residences throughout California, including the chalet-inspired Crow's Nest Residence at Sugar Bowl Resort. Located on a mountainside in the Sierra Nevada range, the property is influenced by traditional Tyrolean homes.
Service Roles: The Palace of Fine Arts Restoration and Slow Food Nation
In 2003, the Maybeck Foundation and the City of San Francisco created a public-private partnership to restore and preserve the Palace of Fine Arts. As Chairman of the Maybeck Foundation, Baldauf helped with the creation of a palace master plan, which would organize future preservation efforts. The same year, they helped to gather the San Francisco design community for the creation of several pavilions at Slow Food Nation.
In progress
BCV is leading the design of the retail district at Hollywood Park in Inglewood, California. The overall project will encompass a mixed-use community including residential, retail, and office space on the 238-acre site of the former Hollywood Park Racetrack. At the center of the City of Inglewood, this development will build on the characteristics of the Los Angeles town centers that grew up throughout the basin in the 1920s and 1930s.
Baldauf has also led BCV's role in the Treasure Island Master Plan, which envisions a transit oriented community in the San Francisco Bay. The plan locates approximately 10,000 residents within a 10-minute walk of a new ferry terminal, and is to create approximately 200,000 sq. ft. of community and destination retail in a new Island Town Center which incorporates three historic exhibition buildings.
Published work
A Beaux-Arts Education: The Architectural Education of Arthur Brown, Jr. at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts, Paris, France, 1897-1903, Edited by Hans Baldauf, 2011, Published by the Bancroft Library, University of California, Berkeley
Interiors & Sources Magazine, “New Ruralism Meets New Urbanism,” by Hans Baldauf, October 19, 2009
Perspecta 26: Theater, Theatricality, and Architecture (The Yale Architecture Journal), 1990, Edited by Hans Baldauf, Co-Editors: Baker Goodwin and Amy Reichert
Awards, Honors, Recognition
2015 AIA San Francisco Community Alliance Awards Social Impact Award The Center for Urban Education about Sustainable Agriculture (CUESA)
2013 AIA Los Angeles Restaurant Design Award Jury Winner Belcampo Meat Co., San Francisco, California
2009 AIA National Design Awards Honor Award for Regional and Urban Design Treasure Island Master Plan (with SOM, SMWM and CMG)
2008 AIA California Council Design Awards Urban Design Award Treasure Island Master Plan (with SOM, SMWM and CMG)
2006 AIA San Francisco Design Awards Merit Award, Urban Design Treasure Island Master Plan (with SOM, SMWM and CMG)
2004 AIA San Francisco Design Awards Honor Award The Ferry Building, San Francisco, California
2004 AIA California Council Design Awards Merit Award The Ferry Building, San Francisco, California
2003 National Trust for Historic Preservation Awards National Award The Ferry Building, San Francisco, California
2003 California Heritage Awards Council Award The Ferry Building, San Francisco, California
References
20th-century American architects
1959 births
Living people
21st-century American architects
Architects from New York City
Yale College alumni
The Silves Cathedral () is a former cathedral in the city of Silves, in the Algarve region of southern Portugal. A mosque, built during the Moorish rule of the Iberian Peninsula, was originally located in its current place, and was later mostly restructured and converted into a Catholic cathedral after the Reconquista. Although having some Baroque characteristics, it is mostly Gothic in nature and it is considered to be the main Gothic monument in the Algarve and one of the most important landmarks in southern Portugal. It was classified as a national monument on June 29, 1922.
History
The details about the foundation and building of Silves Cathedral are unclear. In the process of the Reconquista, Moorish Silves was conquered in 1189 by King Sancho I of Portugal, but since the city was retaken by the Moors in 1191, it is unlikely that a cathedral was built at this time. Only in 1242 was Silves definitely reconquered by Christian knights during the reign of King Afonso III, and it is believed that this king was responsible for beginning the construction of Silves Cathedral as the seat of a newly founded Algarve diocese.
The works proceeded with difficulty, and in 1352 the cathedral was damaged by a strong earthquake. In the 1440s, the cathedral workshop was given a great impulse by King Afonso V. This building campaign produced the apse with its three chapels, the transept and the main portal, in Gothic style, dating from the 1470s. The three-aisled nave was only finished in the early 16th century.
When King John II died unexpectedly in Alvor (Portimão), near Silves, in 1495, they were provisionally buried in the main chapel of Silves Cathedral. In 1499, in the presence of King Manuel I, their remains were exhumed and transferred to the Monastery of Batalha, where John II was permanently re-buried; however, their tomb slab with a Gothic inscription is still located on the floor of the main chapel of Silves Cathedral. Many important personalities of Silves, from nobility to crusaders, explorers, bishops and judges as well as local inhabitants from different walks of life were buried in the cathedral during the 15th and 16th centuries, as attested by the many tomb slabs on its floor, some of the most notable ones being Bishop D. Fernando Coutinho, present in the negotiations of the Treaty of Tordesillas and a defender of the Jews, Egas Moniz Teles, nobleman under king Manuel I, whose family were amongst the first inhabitants of the Madeira island, judge João do Rego and their son in law Gastão da Ilha, Squire to Infante John.
Economic difficulties and a diminishing population plagued the history of Silves in the 15th and 16th centuries, leading to the bishop staying for long periods away from Silves. The most notable of the bishops at this time was Jerónimo Osório, one of the greatest Portuguese humanists and theologians. It was during their rule, in 1577, that the bishopric seat was transferred from Silves to Faro, a more prosperous city located by the coast. In the next centuries the interior of the church was enriched with Mannerist and Baroque altarpieces, some of which still exist.
The Great earthquake of 1755 struck a terrible blow to Silves and its cathedral and destroyed part of the nave. The building was repaired and modified, replacing the simple Gothic forms of the upper part of the main façade with Rococo volutes. The bell tower and the south portal are also 18th-century additions.
In the 20th century, an extensive renovation of Silves Cathedral suppressed many of the Baroque additions and returned the building to a more "medieval" look.
Art and architecture
From the outside, a striking aspect of Silves Cathedral is the contrast between the whitewashed surfaces of the walls and the red sandstone (grés de Silves) of the apse, windows and main portal.
The main portal, executed in the 1470s, is inserted on a stepped rectangular moulding (alfiz), a common feature on the façades of Portuguese mediaeval buildings since the Romanesque era. Other primitive features of the portal are the figurative corbels of the upper cornice of the moulding, representing animal and human faces. The portal consists of a series of four columns and several pointed-arch archivolts.
The outer archivolt is decorated with a series of reliefs of vegetal motifs and human figures, some playing musical instruments. The decoration of the capitals of the columns reveals the influence of the Batalha workshop, which was active in the 15th century. The portal of the main church of Portimão, located nearby, is almost a replica of the one in Silves and is believed to have been executed by the same artisans. The South portal is a Baroque addition (18th century).
Silves Cathedral is a Latin cross church with a three-aisled nave, transept and three chapels in the east end. The east side of the church with transept was built earlier (mid-15th century) than the nave (probably early 16th century). The eastern chapels and transept are covered by Gothic stone rib vaulting, while the nave aisles are covered by a simple wooden roof. It is likely that the original plan called for the whole church to be covered by stone vaulting like other Portuguese cathedrals built at the time, like the Cathedral of Guarda. The aisles of the nave are separated by arches of pointed profile supported by columns of octagonal cross-section. The south transept arm is illuminated by a large mullioned window with Gothic tracery.
Gallery
Footnotes
References
Silves Cathedral on the IGESPAR website
General Direction of National Monuments and Buildings (DGEMN-Portugal)
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Portugal
Churches in Faro District
Conversion of non-Christian religious buildings and structures into churches
Former mosques in Portugal
Gothic architecture in Portugal
National monuments in Faro District
Silves, Portugal
Shaharah ( ) is a large mountain village and seat of Shaharah District of the 'Amran Governorate, Yemen. The village "lies at 2600 metres and overlooks mountainous bulging swells to the south and shimmering hot plains to the north." It lies on top a sharp mountain of the same name, Jabal Shaharah, which is a spur of Jabal al-Ahnum, with its sides and top under extensive cultivation. The village consists of several old stone houses and a cistern. The area is noted for its limestone arch footbridge, constructed in the 17th century by a local lord to connect two villages across a deep gorge.
Although historically Hashid territory, Shaharah and al-Ahnum is today Bakil territory. Shaharah has three gates: Bab al-Nahr, Bab al-Nasr, and Bab al-Saraw. The historical fortress of Shaharat al-Fish is located to the east. The town is also called Shaharat al-Ra's due to its location at the mountain's summit.
History
The town is associated with the pre-Islamic king As'ad al-Kamil. The amir Dhu'l-Sharafayn Muhammad ibn Ja'far, son of the imam al-Qasim ibn 'Ali al-'Ayyani (who died in 1085), made Shaharah their capital and was later buried here. The town was historically also known as Shaharat al-Amir after him. Another former name for the town was Mi'attiq.
The 10th-century author al-Hamdani mentions Shaharah as a mountain and fortress, and it appears in historical sources throughout the Middle Ages and early modern period. It was historically a center of learning and was home to several prominent jurists, scholars, and poets. It was especially important during the Yemeni-Ottoman conflicts of the 16th and 17th centuries, when it served as one of the most important strongholds in Yemen's western mountains. The Ottomans made multiple attempts to capture Shaharah, but they only succeeded once - in 1587 (995 AH) under the governor Mustafa Asim Pasha. Al-Mansur al-Qasim, the Zaydi Imam of Yemen, died at Shaharah in 1620 CE (1029 AH). Shaharah had served as their capital, and the town's congregational mosque is attributed to him. The poet Zaynab bint Muhammad al-Shahariyyah, who died in 1702 (1114 AH), was from Shaharah; their poetry was never compiled into a diwan but has "a respectable place in Yemeni literature".
The Ottomans attempted to besiege Shaharah in 1905 but were unsuccessful.
Gallery
References
External links
Video of Shaharah
Archaeological sites in Yemen
Populated places in 'Amran Governorate
'Amran Governorate
Bridges in Yemen
Mountains of Yemen
Amran Governorate
Fabrizio Ranieri (born 22 February 1968) is an Italian lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1990 World Rowing Championships in Tasmania with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1968 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Vishakhadatta ( was an Indian Sanskrit poet and playwright. Although Vishakhadatta furnishes the names of their father and grandfather as Maharaja Bhaskaradatta and Maharaja Vateshvaradatta in their political drama Mudrārākṣasa, we know little else about him. Only two of their plays, the Mudrārākṣasa and the Devichandraguptam are known to us. Their period is not certain but they probably flourished in or after the 6th century CE. Some scholars such as A. S. Altekar, K. P. Jayaswal and Sten Konow theorized that Vishakhadatta was a contemporary of Chandragupta II, and lived in late 4th century to early 5th century. But this view has been challenged by other scholars, including Moriz Winternitz and R. C. Majumdar.
Mudrarakshasa
Mudrārākṣasa ("Rákshasa's Ring") is Vishakhadatta's only surviving play, although there exist fragments of another work ascribed to him. Vishakhadatta has stressed upon historical facts in the Mudrarakshasa, a play dealing with the time of the Maurya Dynasty.
The titles of Vishakhadatta's father and grandfather do indicate one point of interest: that they came from a princely family, certain to have been involved in political administration at least at a local level. It seems very possible, in fact, that Vishakhadatta came to literature from the world of affairs.
Stylistically they stand a little apart from other dramatists. A proper literary education is clearly no way lacking, and in formal terms, they operate within the normal conventions of Sanskrit literature, but one does not feel that they cultivate these conventions very enthusiastically for their own sake. It would be a travesty to suggest that one can detect in their writing a clipped, quasi-military diction as it would be to think of Kālidāsa as an untutored child of nature simply because they show themselves less steeped than Bhavabhūti in philosophical erudition. But it is fair to say that Vishakhadatta's prose passages in particular often have a certain stiffness compared to the supple idiom of both Kālidāsa and Bhavabhūti. In relative, rather than absolute, terms their style includes towards the principle of “more matter and less art.”
There have been other cases of contributions to Sanskrit literature by men of action - for instance, the three plays ascribed to the celebrated monarch, Harsha (vardhana). The ascription is plausible, and the plays are talented and worthy pieces. But unlike the Mudrārākṣasa, they adhere closely to conventional literary ideals. Harsha no doubt wished to show that they could write as well as they could rule: yet in the last resort, one suspects that they would have been more interesting to know as a man than as a dramatist. We do not know whether Vishakhadatta, on the other hand, if they were some kind of politician, was as such either original or successful; but as a playwright, they are both.
Devichandraguptam
Only the fragments of the Devichandragupta (Devi and Chandragupta) have survived in the form of quotations in the Natyadarpana of Ramachandra and Gunachandra, two works of king Bhoja: the Shringaraprakasha and the Sarasvatikanthabharana, and the Natakalakshana Ratnakosha of Sagaranandi. By collating the quotations from these works, the storyline of this text has been reconstructed.
Devichandgraputa is a play which tells how King Ramagupta is cheated into signing a humiliating treaty with a Saka ruler. Under the treaty, Ramagupta is supposed to send their wife Dhruvadevi to the Saka king. Ramagupta's younger brother, Chandragupta, the protagonist of the story, takes upon themselves to avenge this humiliation. They kill the Saka ruler and Ramagupta, takes charge of the Gupta empire and also marries Dhruvadevi.
English translations
The Clay Sanskrit Library has published a translation of Mudrārākṣasa by Michael Coulson under the title of Rákshasa's Ring.
Alternative theories
The name Vishakhadatta is also given as Vishakhadeva from which Ranajit Pal concludes that their name may have been Devadatta which, according to him, was a name of both Ashoka and Chandragupta.
References
External links
Clay Sanskrit Library (official page)
Sanskrit poets
Sanskrit dramatists and playwrights
Ancient Indian dramatists and playwrights
Ancient Indian poets
Indian male poets
Indian male dramatists and playwrights
Monroe County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 34,962. Its county seat and largest city is Waterloo.
Monroe County is included in the St. Louis, MO-IL Metropolitan Statistical Area. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known historically as "Little Egypt".
History
Indigenous peoples lived along the Mississippi River and related waterways for thousands of years before European contact. French Jesuit priests in the Illinois Country encountered the Kaskaskia and Cahokia, bands of the Illiniwek confederacy.
The first European settlement in this area was St. Philippe, founded in 1723 by Philippe François Renault, a French courtier, on their concession about three miles north of Fort de Chartres along the Mississippi River. This early agricultural community quickly produced a surplus, and grains were sold to the lower Louisiana colony for years. They were integral to that community's survival, as its climate did not allow cultivation of such staple grains.
Monroe County was formed in 1816 out of Randolph and St. Clair counties, as the 8th county created from the then Illinois Territory.
Beginning on the Mississippi River where the baseline, which is about three-fourths of a mile below Judge Briggs's present residence, strikes the said river; thence with the baseline until it strikes the first township line therefrom; thence southeast to the southeast corner of township two south, range nine west; thence south to the southeast corner of township four north, range nine west; thence southwestwardly to the Mississippi, so as to include Alexander McNabb's farm, and thence up the Mississippi to the beginning shall constitute a separate county, to be called MONROE.
Illinois Territorial Laws 1815-16, p. 25
It was named in honor of James Monroe, who had just served as United States Secretary of War and who was elected President later that same year. Its first county seat was Harrisonville, named for William Henry Harrison, former governor of the Northwest Territory and future President. Harrison invested in several tracts of land in the American Bottoms above Harrisonville, mostly in the present precinct of Moredock, ownership of which they retained until their death.
Waterloo was designated as the mantle of county seat in 1825. The sites of the colonial towns of St. Philippe and Harrisonville were submerged by the Mississippi River, in flooding caused by deforestation of river banks during the steamboat years. Crews cut so many trees that banks destabilized and collapsed in the current, making the river wider and more shallow from St. Louis to the confluence with the Ohio River. This change caused more severe flooding, as well as lateral channel changes, such as the one that cut off the village of Kaskaskia from the Illinois mainland.
An unincorporated community of Harrisonville was re-established east of the original site. The bounds of Monroe County in 1816 did not include Precincts 1 and 6 (village of Hecker and Prairie du Long), Precinct 1 and most of 6 was added in 1825 from St. Clair County. The strip of Precinct 6 from the survey township line east to the Kaskaskia was added, once again from St. Clair, two years later in 1827. Some minor adjustments and clarifications of the boundaries have taken place, but the borders have remained essentially static since 1827.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (3.3%) is water.
The western part of the county on the Mississippi River is part of the American Bottom floodplain, while the eastern portion of the county is relatively flat and was originally prairie. The transition zone between has high bluffs of limestone and dolomite and has distinctive Karst topography with numerous sinkholes, caves, and springs.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Waterloo have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in December 1989 and a record high of was recorded in August 1962. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in January to in July.
Major highways
Interstate 255
U.S. Highway 50
Illinois Route 3
Illinois Route 156
Illinois Route 159
Illinois Route 158
Adjacent counties
St. Clair County - northeast
Randolph County - southeast
Ste. Genevieve County, Missouri - south
Jefferson County, Missouri - west
St. Louis County, Missouri - northwest
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 32,957 people, 12,589 households, and 9,375 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 13,392 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 98.0% white, 0.4% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 0.2% black or African American, 0.3% from other races, and 0.8% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 1.4% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 53.9% were German, 16.5% were Irish, 9.6% were English, and 6.2% were American.
Of the 12,589 households, 34.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 62.9% were married couples living together, 7.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 25.5% were non-families, and 21.5% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.59 and the average family size was 3.02. The median age was 41.0 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $68,253 and the median income for a family was $80,832. Males had a median income of $55,988 versus $39,375 for females. The per capita income for the county was $31,091. About 3.5% of families and 4.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 4.3% of those under age 18 and 2.4% of those age 65 or over.
Transportation
Highways
Interstate 255 Overlaps U.S. Highway 50 From Jefferson Barracks Bridge and Missouri east to Route 3 north of Columbia, then north toward Dupo
Provides access to the Interstate System, South Saint Louis County via the J.B. bridge as well as Downtown St. Louis and western St. Clair County
U.S. Highway 50 Overlaps Interstate 255 From Jefferson Barracks Bridge and Missouri east to Route 3 north of Columbia, then north toward Dupo
Provides access to the Interstate System, South Saint Louis County via the J.B. bridge as well as Downtown St. Louis and western St. Clair County
Illinois Route 3 From Interstate 255 and Dupo south southeast through Columbia and Waterloo on turning east toward Red Bud
Main north-south corridor and the backbone of Monroe County
Illinois Route 156 From western terminus at Valmeyer east through Waterloo to Hecker and on to the eastern terminus at Illinois Route 13 west of New Athens and east of Freeburg
Briefly overlaps Illinois Route 159 in and just north of Hecker
Also called the Valmeyer highway or Hecker highway, west and east of Waterloo, respectively, it runs from the bluffs of the Mississippi to the Kaskaskia
Illinois Route 158 From western terminus south of Columbia at Route 3, east northeast toward Millstadt
The area's main link with central and eastern St. Clair County for those not near Hecker
Illinois Route 159 From southern terminus in Red Bud at Route 3 and Route 154, north through Prairie du Long to Hecker and on toward Smithton
Briefly overlaps Illinois Route 156 in and just north of Hecker
Significant eastern north-south corridor, provides alternate routes, and primary north-south link for Prairie Du Long and Hecker
County roads
Bluff Road
runs along the bluffs from Palmer Rd. northwest of Columbia, through old Valmeyer and Chalfin Bridge, past Fults to Prairie du Rocher in Randolph County
Maeystown Road
runs from Illinois Route 3 in Waterloo (as Lakeview Drive) through Wartburg and Maeystown to Bluff Rd. at Chalfin Bridge
Kaskaskia Road
historic route from Kaskaskia to St. Louis, leaves Illinois Route 3 south of Waterloo, passes through Burksville and St. Joe, descends into the Bottoms outside Renault, crosses Bluff Rd. and railroad tracks to Stringtown Rd.
Hanover Road
Runs from Route 3 west, past New Hanover down the Fountain Gap to Bluff Rd. at Miles Rd. and B Rd.. Marks approximate future border between Columbia and Waterloo.
Gall Road
Northern terminus at Rt. 3/Main St. four-way in Columbia, south across Hanover Rd., and southern terminus at HH Rd. northwest of Waterloo and near Annbriar Golf Course.
HH Road
Runs from Gilmore Lakes Rd., north of Floraville Rd., west across Route 3 in Waterloo (as Country Club Ln.) to Bluff Rd. east of Fountain
KK Road
Runs from the Mississippi River levee opposite Crystal City, Missouri, west across Bluff Rd. up the bluffs at Monroe City, through Madonnaville, across Maeystown Rd., through Burksville and Burksville Station, across Route 3 to J Rd. south of Route 156
LL Road
With a western terminus at Franklin St. in Maeystown, it travels east across Kaskaskia Rd., through Tipton, across Route 3, temporarily overlaps with J Rd. for about 0.5 miles east of Rt. 3 and west of Rt. 159, crosses Rt. 159 south of Hecker and north of Red Bud, ends with eastern terminus at Beck Rd. just west of the Kaskaskia River and near the Nike Missile Site.
Public Transportation
There is a regular MetroBus express bus, 502X Waterloo-Columbia, running from Waterloo, through Columbia, to the MetroLink station in East St. Louis.
Rivers
Mississippi River
Bridges and ferries
Jefferson Barracks Bridge - crosses the Mississippi northwest of Columbia, carries Interstate 255
Access
none
Kaskaskia River
Bridges and ferries
none
Access
none
The closest access to and bridges over the Kaskaskia are downriver at Baldwin in Randolph County and upriver at New Athens in St. Clair County. South of Monroe County, there is a ferry across the Mississippi in Randolph County, providing access to Ste. Genevieve, Missouri and Pere Marquette State Park, and a bridge at Chester.
Rail
While the railroad played a large part in the history and development of the county, the main line through the county, running along Illinois Route 3, has been abandoned and removed. However, Union Pacific tracks run through the Bottoms from the intermodal yard at Dupo in St. Clair County, running roughly parallel to Bluff Rd. which crosses them several times, through old Valmeyer and Fults on past Prairie du Rocher in Randolph County. The tracks are still in use, but carry only freight, and have no stops in Monroe County.
Aviation
There is a small airfield in the Bottoms west of Columbia called Sackman Field.
Communities
Cities
Columbia
Waterloo
Villages
Fults
Hecker
Maeystown
Valmeyer
Unincorporated Communities
Ames
Burksville
Burksville Station
Chalfin Bridge
Foster Pond
Fountain
Harrisonville
Madonnaville
Merrimac
Monroe City
New Hanover
Renault
St. Joe
Tipton
Wartburg
Former Settlement
St. Philippe
Precincts
For census and election purposes, Monroe County is currently divided into 26 numbered precincts (1-27, for some reason there is no Precinct 14). However, for geographical, genealogical, and historic purposes the older, named precincts are of greater utility.
Bluff Precinct
named for the ubiquitous limestone cliffs it sits atop and which run along its western bounds.
Columbia Precinct
formerly Eagle Precinct from the original French name for their settlement, L'Aigle
Harrisonville Precinct
honors William Henry Harrison who also gave their name to a settlement
Mitchie Precinct
so named for the Mitchegamie Indians who at one time inhabited the extreme southern part of the county
Moredock Precinct
after John Moredock, territorial legislator, and Major commanding a battalion in the War of 1812
New Design Precinct
named after the settlement began by James Lemen, a confidante of Thomas Jefferson, in 1786
New Hanover Precinct
as with the settlement, its name recalls Hanover, Germany, hometown of the settlement's founder
Prairie Du Long Precinct
from hybrid French/English "Long Prairie", it was added in 1825, after the county's genesis, the strip along the river in 1827.
Renault Precinct
also a settlement, for Philip Francois Renault of the French Company of the Indies, an early exploiter of the area
Waterloo Precinct
formerly Fountain Precinct, from Fountain Creek which runs through it on its way to the bluffs and down to the river
Government
Monroe County, along with neighboring Randolph County, is located within Regional Office of Education #45.
Politics
Monroe County was hostile to the “Yankee” Civil War and voted solidly Democratic until Theodore Roosevelt carried the county in 1904. Since that time, however, the county has become predominately Republican, and the only Democrats to gain a majority since 1904 have been Catholic Al Smith in 1928, Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and 1936, and Lyndon Johnson in 1964. Since 1968, Monroe County has been carried by the Republican Presidential nominee in every election except when Bill Clinton won a narrow plurality in 1992.
See also
Fountain Creek Bridge
Illinois Caverns State Natural Area
Kaskaskia River State Fish and Wildlife Area
National Register of Historic Places listings in Monroe County
References
External links
IRAD Monroe County Fact Sheet
Monroe County Web Directory
Monroe County Infobahn
Illinois counties
1816 establishments in Illinois Territory
Illinois counties on the Mississippi River
Southern Illinois
Metro East
Populated places established in 1816
Pre-statehood history of Illinois
Yek Lengeh () is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 372, in 99 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
The Mary Seaman Ennis House, located at 202 W. 13th St. in Goodland, Kansas, is a historic Queen Anne style house that was built in 1907 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The house was listed on the National Register in 2006. It was deemed significant as an "outstanding" example of Queen Anne architecture and for association with local builder Fred Hunt.
The house is now known as the Ennis-Handy House and is operated by the Sherman County Historical Society as a Victorian-period historic house museum.
References
External links
Ennis-Handy House - Sherman County Historical Society
More photos of the Ennis-Handy House at Wikimedia Commons
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Kansas
Queen Anne architecture in Kansas
Houses completed in 1907
Houses in Sherman County, Kansas
Museums in Sherman County, Kansas
Historic house museums in Kansas
National Register of Historic Places in Sherman County, Kansas
William Jennings Reid, Jr. (born September 10, 1957) is an American basketball coach and former professional player. Reid was selected in the 1979 NBA Draft by the Indiana Pacers and then again one year later in the 1980 NBA draft by the Golden State Warriors, although they did not begin their professional career until 1980 after graduating from the University of San Francisco.
References
External links
Southern Miss coaching profile
Rhode Island coaching profile
1957 births
Living people
American expatriate basketball people in China
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Japan
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Venezuela
American men's basketball players
Atlantic City Hi-Rollers players
Basketball players from New York City
DeWitt Clinton High School alumni
Golden State Warriors draft picks
Golden State Warriors players
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Indiana Pacers draft picks
New Mexico Lobos men's basketball players
Reims Champagne Basket players
Rhode Island Rams men's basketball coaches
San Francisco Dons men's basketball coaches
San Francisco Dons men's basketball players
Shooting guards
Southern Miss Golden Eagles basketball coaches
Sportspeople from the Bronx
Stony Brook Seawolves men's basketball coaches
Ryan White (born March 17, 1988) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey center who last played for the Wichita Thunder of the ECHL. They previously played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Montreal Canadiens, Philadelphia Flyers, Arizona Coyotes and Minnesota Wild.  They are the current assistant coach of the Winkler Flyers of the Manitoba Junior Hockey League.
Playing career
White grew up playing in the Brandon minor hockey system before graduating to the AAA midget level. In their first and only year of AAA, White led their Wheat Kings team to a gold medal at the 2004 Telus Cup.
White spent four seasons, from 2004–05 to 2007–08, in the Western Hockey League with the Calgary Hitmen. They were drafted by the Montreal Canadiens in the third round, 66th overall, in the 2006 NHL Entry Draft. Following their WHL career, White was assigned to the Canadiens' minor league affiliate, the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League (AHL), where they recorded 29 points in 80 games as a rookie in 2008–09.
White made their NHL debut in a call-up to the Montreal Canadiens on November 5, 2009 against the Boston Bruins, recording an assist. They were called up once again for a game against the Ottawa Senators the following month on December 8. After playing in the first period of that game, they were pulled from the game after the NHL noticed they were playing, despite the Canadiens not having properly reported their call-up to the league before the 5 p.m. deadline.
White scored their first NHL goal as part of a Gordie Howe hat trick during a game against the Minnesota Wild on March 20, 2011.
On August 7, 2014, having left the Canadiens organization as a free agent, White signed a one-year, two-way contract with the Philadelphia Flyers.
On July 1, 2016, White signed as a free agent to a one-year deal with the Arizona Coyotes. Adding a physical presence in a depth role to the Coyotes, White added 7 goals and 13 points in 46 games during the 2016–17 season, before they were traded alongside Martin Hanzal and a fourth-round pick in 2017, to the Minnesota Wild in exchange for a 1st-round pick in 2017, 2nd-round pick in 2018, conditional 4th-round pick in 2019, and Grayson Downing on February 26, 2017.
On August 29, 2017, the Vancouver Canucks signed White to a PTO in order to attend training camp. However, on October 7, they were released by the Canucks. With the 2017–18 season underway, White signed a professional tryout contract with the Boston Bruins on October 10. After practicing and travelling with the Bruins for nearly a month, White and the Bruins agreed on a mutual release from their PTO on November 6.
On November 17, 2017, White secured an initial PTO contract with the San Diego Gulls of the AHL, affiliate to the Anaheim Ducks. White appeared in 21 games with the Gulls for 9 points before they were released from their PTO on February 8, 2018. The following day, White was signed to the Iowa Wild on a Standard Player Contract (SPC), marking a return of sorts within the Minnesota Wild organization. They completed the season with Iowa, finishing with 2 goals and 8 points in 23 games.
Remaining as an unsigned free agent into the 2018–19 season, White again continued their professional career in the AHL, securing a professional try-out contract with home province club, the Manitoba Moose, on October 27, 2018.
Approaching the 2019–20 season, White as an unsigned free agent returned to the Manitoba Moose, attending training camp. On October 4, 2019, they were signed to a professional tryout contract in making the opening night roster.
After beginning the 2020–21 season with the Boissevain Border Kings of the Tiger Hills Hockey League (THHL), White signed with the Wichita Thunder of the ECHL on March 30, 2021. They made their debut with the Thunder the following day, April 1.
Career statistics
Awards and honours
References
External links
1988 births
Arizona Coyotes players
Calgary Hitmen players
Canadian ice hockey centres
Hamilton Bulldogs (AHL) players
Ice hockey people from Manitoba
Iowa Wild players
Lehigh Valley Phantoms players
Living people
Manitoba Moose players
Minnesota Wild players
Montreal Canadiens draft picks
Montreal Canadiens players
Philadelphia Flyers players
San Diego Gulls (AHL) players
Sportspeople from Brandon, Manitoba
Wichita Thunder players
The Tynyshpayev Regional Museum of Local History is situated in the Republic of Kazakhstan, Almaty region, Taldykorgan city. The museum opened on 1 March 1974. The museum is named after Mukhamedzhan Tynyshpayev, a prominent Kazakh public figure, Prime Minister of the Turkestan autonomy and a Deputy.
Description
The total area of the Museum is 1457 square meters, the exposition occupies 1091 square meters. Among the exhibits are archaeological finds of the Zhetysu region, musical instruments, and utensils, manuscripts etc. The Museum's collection contains 24,636 items of Museum significance, of which 10,919 items belong to the main Fund and 13,717 items to the auxiliary. The purpose of the Museum is to research, collect, store, and enlighten with archaeological items.
The Museum consists of five halls and six exhibitions:
1. "The Nature Of Zhetysu region»
2. "The Ancient and medieval history of the region»
3. "The Life and culture of the Kazakh people»
4. "The Zhetysu in the Soviet period»
5. «The Independent Kazakhstan»
The expositions display local flora and fauna; landscape zones; dioramas of lakes ; items from the stone, bronze, iron and medieval eras; diorama display "Zhailau"; life and activities of M. Tynyshpayev; December events of 1986, which became the first step towards the establishment of independent Kazakhstan; maps of reserves and hunting farms.
Source and links
Алматинский областной историко-краеведческий музей им. М.Тынышпаева - Экспозиции музея
Управление культуры, архивов и документации Алматинской области - Областной историко-краеведческий музей им.М.Тынышпаева
Музей Танышпаева
Museums in Kazakhstan
Symptosuchus is an extinct genus of goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian. It is known from the Late Cretaceous of Argentina. Argentine paleontologist Florentino Ameghino named the genus in 1899, along with the type species S. contortidens. It was formally described by Carlos Rusconi in 1934.
References
Late Cretaceous crocodylomorphs of South America
Prehistoric pseudosuchian genera
Niala Boodhoo is an American journalist, Knight-Wallace Fellow and the host Axios Today.
For three years they were the founding host and executive producer of Illinois Public Media's statewide radio talk show, The 21st. Previously a business reporter for the Miami Herald and Chicago Public Media, they hosted WBEZ's mid-day talk show, The Afternoon Shift, before joining WILL in Urbana, Illinois. Boodhoo also served as the Vice President for Broadcast of the Asian American Journalists Association from 2012 to 2016. They were formerly host of the Asian American Journalists Association program AAJA.
Personal
Boodhoo was born and raised in Miami. After earning their Bachelor of Arts in philosophy and psychology at Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Michigan, they taught preschool and high school journalism in Port-au-Prince, Haiti. The daughter of Indo-Trinidadian immigrants from Trinidad and Tobago, they are a first-generation American. Boodhoo had a cameo appearance on an episode of the Netflix original series Easy, in which they played themselves across from comedian Marc Maron.
Career
Boodhoo's first professional exposure to journalism came through an internship with the Miami Herald the summer before their senior year of high school. It was there that the Herald published their first news story, about Hurricane Andrew. After earning their master's degree in journalism from Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism, they worked as an editorial assistant for the AP and later as a reporter for Reuters in London and Washington, D.C. Boodhoo moved back to Florida to work as the Sun-Sentinel'''s senior business writer, before returning to the Herald as a business reporter.
Boodhoo transitioned from commercial to public media while working as a multimedia reporter at the Herald. There, they produced The Miami Herald Friday Business Report, which aired weekly on WLRN-FM, Miami's NPR member station. They later moved to Chicago to join Chicago Public Media's Changing Gears reporting project, which covered the economic transformation of the Rust Belt and the stories of people living in the industrial Midwest affected by the transformation. After working as WBEZ's only business reporter, they were tapped to succeed Rick Kogan as the host of WBEZ's mid-day talk show, The Afternoon Shift. After hosting the show for two years, WBEZ canceled The Afternoon Shift to focus on its morning programming. Illinois Public Media later hired Boodhoo to serve as executive producer and host of The 21st, a daily public radio talk show that focuses on statewide Illinois issues. Boodhoo stepped down from The 21st at the end of July 2019.
Boodhoo shifted back to commercial podcasting as the host of Axios Today'', a brief morning news show co-sponsored by Axios and Pushkin Industries, the podcasting company started by Malcolm Gladwell and Jacob Weisberg, which premiered on 22 Jun 2020.
References
Living people
American public radio personalities
American women journalists
Calvin University alumni
Medill School of Journalism alumni
People from Miami
People from Urbana, Illinois
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century American women
Indian American
Jhoomo Re is the second studio album by the Indian Fusion/Sufi band Kailasa, released in 2007.
Track listing
All songs written by Kailash Kher, except track 4 which is written by Amir Khusro. All music composed by Kailash Kher.
Personnel
Kailash Kher — Vocals
Paresh Kamath — Guitars, Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Naresh Kamath — Bass, Keyboards, Backing Vocals
Kurt Peters — Drums, Percussions
Rinku Rajput - Keyboards
Sanket Athale — Percussions, Vocal Percussions, Backing Vocals
Sankarshan Kini - Violin, Mandolin
Akhlak Hussain Varsi-[Harmonium]
2007 albums
Kailasa (band) albums
The Palestinian Hydrology Group (PHG) is a Palestinian NGO focusing on water and sanitation issues. It monitors, analyzes and reports on the changing state of water quality, sanitation and water access, pollution and infrastructure.
Organization
The Palestinian Hydrology Group has offices in Gaza, Hebron, Jerusalem, Nablus, and Ramallah.
Partners
Oxfam
Care
References
External links
Official website
Brown U.: Environmental damage from Israeli forces is severe, activist says
Palestinian territories: the Director of the Palestinian Hydrology Group for Water and Environmental Resources Development, Abdel Rahman Tamimi, reported on 16 August 2004 that the controversial wall being built by Israel is positioned to take control over the Western Aquifer, which supplies irrigation water for Palestinian farmers in the northern areas of the West Bank
Palestine is Still the Land of Hilk and Honey: Farmers Fight to Get Wines, Dates, Nuts, Tomatoes Out to the World
Peace Activists Supply Water to South Hebron Hills
Organizations based in the State of Palestine
Organizations established in 1987
Mikko Tapio Latvala (born 8 July 1980 in Vaasa) is a Finnish pole vaulter. They won a silver medal for their category at the 2001 European Athletics Under-23 Championships in Amsterdam, Netherlands, with their best possible height of 5.50 metres. In 2007, Latvala suffered from multiple serious injuries, including a torn chest muscle as a result of a weightlifting accident in South Africa.
Latvala qualified for the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, by successfully clearing a B-standard height of 5.63 metres from the Finnish Elite Games series in Lapua. They placed twenty-second in the first round of men's pole vault, with the best possible height of 5.45 metres, tying their overall position with Ukraine's Oleksandr Korchmid.
Latvala is also a full-time member of Haapajärven Kiilat, a local track and field club in Haapajärvi, and is coached and trained by their brother Toni.
References
External links
Profile – Suomen Olympiakomitea
NBC 2008 Olympics profile
Finnish male pole vaulters
Living people
Olympic athletes of Finland
Athletes (track and field) at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Sportspeople from Vaasa
1980 births
Aston Martin is a British car manufacturer that has participated in Formula One in various forms. The company first participated in Formula One during the 1959 season where they debuted the DBR4 chassis using their own engine but it failed to score any points. They continued to perform poorly through the 1960 season, once again failing to score any points. As a result, Aston Martin decided to leave Formula One after 1960.
A commercial rebranding of Racing Point F1 Team resulted in the team's return as Aston Martin in , utilising Mercedes power units. The team, owned by Lawrence Stroll, has Sebastian Vettel and Lance Stroll as their race drivers. The team is headquartered in Silverstone.
History
David Brown Corporation (1959–1960)
Aston Martin first entered Formula One with the DBR4, their first open-wheel racing car. The DBR4 was first built and tested in 1957 but did not make its Formula One debut until 1959. This delay was caused by the company prioritising the development of the DBR1 sports car, which went on to win the 1959 24 Hours of Le Mans. By the DBR4's world championship debut at the Dutch Grand Prix, it had become outdated and struggled for pace against its competitors, with Carroll Shelby and Roy Salvadori qualifying 10th and 13th respectively out of 15. Salvadori retired from the race in the early laps with an engine failure, with Shelby's car suffering the same fate later in the race.
The team's next entry came at the British Grand Prix where Salvadori surprised by qualifying in 2nd place. Early in the race, one of Shelby's ignition magnetos failed, harming their car's pace. The second magneto failed late in the race, causing their retirement. Salvadori could only hold on to 6th place, narrowly missing out on a points finish. At the Portuguese Grand Prix, both cars avoided issues to finish 6th and 8th but still failed to score points. Aston Martin's final entry of the season was the Italian Grand Prix where both cars continued to struggle, qualifying only 17th and 19th. During the race, Salvadori had run as high as 7th before suffering an engine failure whilst Shelby came home to finish 10th. The car was significantly outdated by its rivals and failed to score any points.
Aston Martin built the DBR5 to compete in the 1960 season. The DBR5 was based on its predecessor but was lighter and featured an independent suspension. However, the car had a heavy engine in the front and was regularly outclassed by the more commonplace rear-engined cars. The team's first entry of the season came at the Dutch Grand Prix, but the DBR5 was not yet ready to compete. As a result, only Salvadori entered the race, driving the spare DBR4. They could only qualify 18th. Despite being allowed to start the race, Aston Martin were told by the race organisers that they would not be paid. The team, therefore, refused to start the race. The DBR5s were ready for the team's next race in Britain, with Salvadori and Maurice Trintignant taking part. Salvadori retired from the race with steering problems, and Trintignant could only finish 11th, five laps behind the leader.
Following this string of poor results, with the team failing to score a single championship point, Aston Martin abandoned Formula One entirely after the British Grand Prix to focus on sports car racing.
Potential return and sponsorship (2008, 2010, 2016–2020)
In 2006, David Richards, who leads the consortium that owns Aston Martin, and their tech firm Prodrive were granted a spot as a potential entrant for the 2008 Formula One World Championship. Upon speculation of an Aston Martin F1 return, Richards made it clear that Aston Martin had a long way to go until it was ready for an F1 team. They believed the route to being competitive was to partner with an existing team, rather than setting up a new team with Aston Martin and Prodrive. In 2009, Richards again announced their intent to return to Formula One in 2010 with the possibility of using the Aston Martin name, however, this did not come to fruition. Between 2016 and 2020 Aston Martin served as a sponsor for Red Bull Racing, and as title sponsor of the team between 2018 and 2020.
Aston Martin Formula One Team (2021–)
In January 2020, a funding investment from Racing Point owner Lawrence Stroll into Aston Martin saw them take a 16.7% stake in the company. This resulted in the commercial rebranding of Racing Point UK's Racing Point F1 Team into Aston Martin F1 Team for the 2021 season. The team competes with Mercedes power units, which it has done under its various names since 2009. Sergio Pérez was under contract to drive for them until 2022, but they were replaced by four-time World Drivers' Champion Sebastian Vettel, who previously drove at Ferrari, for the 2021 championship. As part of the rebranding, the team switched their racing colour of BWT pink to a modern iteration of Aston Martin's British racing green. Cognizant was also announced as the team's new title sponsor in January 2021. The Aston Martin AMR21 was unveiled in March 2021 and became Aston Martin's first Formula One car after a 61-year absence from the sport.
Aston Martin have a new factory set to be operational by 2023 at their Silverstone base. The factory features three interconnected buildings and is based in a 30-acre site directly opposite the Silverstone circuit. The first building of the three-unit factory will serve as the main building housing the team's design, manufacturing, and marketing personnel. The second building will contain the new wind tunnel, while the third building will redevelop and repurpose the original factory premises as a central hub with staff amenities and will also serve as a logistics centre. The third building is set to house the team's wellness centre, auditorium, simulator, and heritage facility. Aston Martin is the sixth different constructor to operate from the Silverstone base since 1991.
Vettel earned Aston Martin's first podium by finishing second in the Azerbaijan Grand Prix. Vettel finished second again in the Hungarian Grand Prix, but was disqualified due to a fuel sample issue. In June 2021, Team Principal Otmar Szafnauer confirmed that the team will expand its workforce from 535 to 800 employees. In September 2021, Aston Martin confirmed they would compete in 2022 with an unchanged driver lineup. In January 2022, Team Principal Otmar Szafnauer left after having spent 12 years with the team. Mike Krack, who had previously worked on BMW and Porsche motorsport teams, was announced as their replacement in the same month. In February 2022, Aramco was announced as the team's joint title sponsor after having secured a long-term partnership deal.
Vettel missed the opening two races of 2022 after testing positive for COVID-19. They returned on the third race of the season at the 2022 Australian Grand Prix. Vettel is due to retire following the conclusion of the 2022 season. Fernando Alonso, a former two-time World Champion, is their replacement for on a multi-year contract.
Formula One World Championship results
(key)
1959–1960
2021–present
Notes
– Driver did not finish the Grand Prix but was classified as they completed over 90% of the race distance.
– Half points awarded as less than 75% of the race distance was completed.
* – Season still in progress.
Non-championship Formula One results
(key)
Driver development programme
In September 2022, Aston Martin announced that they have established their own junior racing driver academy starting with the 2023 season to scout new talent for the team, with 2022 Formula 2 World Champion Felipe Drugovich becoming the first member of the AMF1 Driver Development Programme.
Current drivers
References
External links
Aston Martin in Formula One
Formula One entrants
1959 establishments in England
1960 disestablishments in England
2021 establishments in England
Auto racing teams established in 1959
Auto racing teams disestablished in 1960
Auto racing teams established in 2021
Formula One engine manufacturers
This is the results breakdown of the local elections held in Asturias on 26 May 2019. The following tables show detailed results in the autonomous community's most populous municipalities, sorted alphabetically.
Opinion polls
Overall
City control
The following table lists party control in the most populous municipalities, including provincial capitals (shown in bold). Gains for a party are displayed with the cell's background shaded in that party's colour.
Municipalities
Avilés
Population: 78,715
Gijón
Population: 271,843
Langreo
Population: 39,984
Mieres
Population: 38,428
Oviedo
Population: 220,020
San Martín del Rey Aurelio
Population: 16,283
Siero
Population: 51,662
See also
2019 Asturian regional election
References
Asturias
2019
Profronde van Oostvoorne () is an elite men's and women's professional road bicycle racing event held annually in Oostvoorne, the Netherlands. The first edition was in 1985. The event is one of the post-Tour de France criteriums.
Honours
Man 's
Source
Woman 's
Source
References
External links
Men's road bicycle races
Women's road bicycle races
Recurring sporting events established in 1985
1985 establishments in the Netherlands
Cycling in South Holland
The white-browed tapaculo (Scytalopus superciliaris) is a species of bird in the family Rhinocryptidae. It is found in northwestern Argentina.
Taxonomy and systematics
The white-browed tapaculo has at times been considered a subspecies of Magellanic tapaculo (Scytalopus magellanicus). It and Zimmer's tapaculo (S. zimmeri) form a superspecies. It has two subspecies, the nominate Scytalopus superciliaris superciliaris and S. s. santabarbarae.
Description
The white-browed tapaculo is long. The nominate adult's most striking features are its long white supercilium, throat, and upper breast. The back and wings are grayish brown to brownish gray. The lower breast is gray. The rump is brown with fine bars. The flanks, belly, and crissum (the area around the cloaca) are pale olive-brown with black bars. Subspecies S. s. santabarbarae is darker, with upper parts trending to chestnut and the underparts being blackish-brown instead of gray.
Distribution and habitat
The white-browed tapaculo is found only in northwestern Argentina. The nominate subspecies ranges from Jujuy Province south to northern La Rioja Province. Subspecies S. s. santabarbarae is probably limited to the Santa Bárbara Mountains of Jujuy, though it might also extend into Salta Province.
The white-browed tapaculo inhabits the undergrowth of Alnus and Polylepis woodlands, often in shaded rocky ravines. In elevation it ranges from .
Behavior
Feeding
No information has been published about the white-browed tapaculo's diet or foraging behavior.
Breeding
The white-browed tapaculo lays its eggs between October and December, and possibly in September. Two eggs are laid. Three nests have been described; they were open cups placed at the end of tunnels longs.
Vocalization
The white-browed tapaculo's song is "a single burred note...followed after short pause by drawn-out descending “churr”..., repeated for several minutes at [a] regular pace" .
Status
The IUCN has assessed the white-browed tapaculo as being of The Least Concern. Though it has a limited range it appears to be fairly common. It is found in two, possibly three, national parks.
References
white-browed tapaculo
Birds of the Southern Andean Yungas
Endemic birds of Argentina
white-browed tapaculo
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Teal is a surname and a given name which may refer to:
People
Surname
Teal is an English surname.
Clare Teal (born 1973), English jazz singer
Gordon Kidd Teal (1907–2003), developed the first silicon transistor
Jeff Teal (born 1960), American ice hockey forward
Larry Teal (1905–84), American saxophonist
Quinton Teal (born 1984), American football defensive back
Ray Teal (1902–76), American actor
Robert Teal (born 1967), former Australian rules footballer
Skip Teal (1933–2006), Canadian ice hockey player
Vic Teal (born 1949), Canadian ice hockey player
Willie Teal (born 1957), American football cornerback
Given name
Teal Bunbury (born 1980), Canadian-American soccer player
Teal Fowler (born 1970), American ice hockey player and coach
Teal Marchande (born 1965), American actor
Teal Redmann (born 1982), American actor
Teal Sherer, American actor
Teal Wicks (born 1982), American singer and stage actor
Fictional characters
Claud Eustace Teal, a police officer foil for the character Simon Templar, created by Leslie Charteris
the eponymous hero of Belle Teal, a 2001 novel by Ann M. Martin
A title character of The Adventures of Abney & Teal, children's television programme.
Diplomatic Officer Chloe Alice Teal, from the British science fiction television series Hyperdrive
See also
Teale
Tele (disambiguation)
Unisex given names
Isa Khan may refer to:
Isa Khan, Bengal noble
Isa Khan Niyazi, 16th century Afghan noble, in Sher Shah Suri's royal court
'Isa Khan Gorji, was a Georgian prince of the royal house of Kakheti, whose career flourished in the service of the Safavid dynasty of Iran and included several years as a governor of Shaki in what is today Azerbaijan.
Isā Khān, of the Bagrationi Dynasty, was a Safavid-appointed ruler of Kakheti in eastern Georgia from 1614 to 1615.
Isa Khan (Guantanamo detainee 23), United States held Afghani, in extrajudicial detention in Guantanamo Bay
Ustad Isa, a 16th-century Turkish architect
Isa Khan, Iran, a village in West Azerbaijan Province, Iran
Isa Khan-e Olya, a village in Kermanshah Province, Iran
Isa Khan-e Sofla, a village in Kermanshah Province, Iran
Palaeosynthemis is a genus of dragonflies.
The genus includes these species:
Palaeosynthemis alecto
Palaeosynthemis cervula
Palaeosynthemis cyrene
Palaeosynthemis evelynae
Palaeosynthemis gracilenta
Palaeosynthemis kimminsi
Palaeosynthemis primigenia
Palaeosynthemis wollastoni
References
Synthemistidae
ʿArab al-Jahalin also known as al-Jabal (; ) is a Palestinian Bedouin neighborhood in the Jerusalem Governorate, located five kilometers southeast of Jerusalem in the West Bank. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics (PCBS), ʿArab al-Jahalin had a population of approximately 1,205 inhabitants in mid-year 2006. The village is situated on a hillside outside al-Eizariya and 300 meters away from the Jerusalem Municipal dump. It is located in Area C of the West Bank. While the Israeli government has full control over the village, the populace hold Palestinian IDs.
ʿArab al-Jahalin contains a mosque, a seven-class school and a 12-class school. The village is linked to the East Jerusalem
electricity system and has running water. As-Sawahira ash-Sharqiya shares the facilities, particularly schools and health amenities with the villages of ʿArab al-Jahalin, Jabal Mukaber and ash-Sheikh Sa'd. The healthcare facilities for as-Sawahira ash Sharqiya are designated as Ministry of Health level 2. All residents of the ʿArab al-Jahalin are refugees and have UNRWA refugee papers.
History
The ʿArab al-Jahalin tribe were originally based around Tel Arad in the northern Negev, but were entirely evicted from the area in the early 1950s by the Israel Defense Forces (IDF). Prior to Israel's victory in the 1967 Six-Day War, they negotiated with Palestinian landowners to set up semi-permanent camps in, and pasture their flocks around, an area between Ramallah, Wadi Qelt and Jerusalem, maintaining the traditional Bedouin lifestyle.
Jordanian period
In the wake of the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, and after the 1949 Armistice Agreements, the area came under Jordanian rule.
Post-1967
Since the 1967 war, 'Arab al-Jahalin has been under Israeli occupation.
In 1975 the IDF confiscated 4,217 dunams of land from 'Arab al-Jahalin, land which in 1977 was used for construction the Israeli settlement of Ma'ale Adumim.
After the 1995 accords, 3.3% (or 74 dunams) of the land was classified as Area B, the remaining 96.7% (or 2,197 dunams) as Area C.
In July 1994, the Israeli Civil Administration executed an eviction order relocating as number of residents to a site adjacent to a Jerusalem municipal garbage dump at Abu Dis, Throughout the 1990s there were 100-120 military or court orders for the eviction of al-Jahalin Bedouin. In 1997 and 1998, two further forcible expulsions of the Jahalin were implemented, with a further 1,050 relocated to Abu Dis. In the same year, an appeal resulted in a deal between the Israeli Civil Administration and representatives of 35 al-Jahalin families (about 200 individuals) who were permitted to "lease" what Israel considers to be state lands but which, according to the Jahalin themselves, belong to the local Palestinians of Abu Dis. With the founding of the village of ʿArab al-Jahalin, the relocated Bedouin complained that the allocated area deprived them of pasturage that might enable them to continue their traditional herding lifestyle, forcing 70% of the al-Jahalin to sell off their livestock. The area is also affected by a strong stench, caused by high quantities of methane gas, a process that will continue for at least two decades even after the proposed closure of the dump.
In 2012, plans to relocate the tribe adjacent to the Abu Dis garbage dump were dropped, with the military-run Civil Administration stating it would select a different site. On 16 September 2014 it was announced that they would be moved to a new area in the Jordan Valley north of Jericho. A documentary film about the current status of the Jahalin was released in April 2012.
See also
Negev Bedouin
References
External links
'Arab al Jahalin Locality Profile, Applied Research Institute–Jerusalem (ARIJ)
Aerial photo, ARIJ
Locality Development Priorities and Needs in 'Arab al Jahalin, ARIJ
Villages in the West Bank
Bedouins in the State of Palestine
Municipalities of the State of Palestine
The 1984 Senior PGA Tour was the fifth season since the Senior PGA Tour officially began in 1980 (it was renamed the Champions Tour in 2003 and PGA Tour Champions in 2016). The season consisted of 22 official money events with purses totalling $4,366,000, including four majors. Miller Barber won the most tournaments, four. The tournament results, leaders, and award winners are listed below.
Tournament results
The following table shows all the official money events for the 1984 season. "Date" is the ending date of the tournament. The numbers in parentheses after the winners' names are the number of wins they had on the tour up to and including that event. Senior majors are shown in bold.
Source:
Leaders
Scoring Average leaders
Source:
Money List leaders
Source:
Career Money List leaders
Source:
Awards
See also
Champions Tour awards
Champions Tour records
References
External links
PGA Tour Champions official site
PGA Tour Champions seasons
Senior PGA Tour
Letitia Bonnet Hart (1867–1953) was an American painter known for their portrait and figure painting.
Biography
Hart was born in 1867 in New York. They were the eldest of three children of the Hudson River School painter James McDougal Hart and the artist Mary Theresa Gorsuch Hart (d. 1921), who was best known for Easter Morning, a widely reproduced image of a white marble cross draped in flowers. James Hart's siblings included the artists William Hart and Julie Hart Beers. Letitia's sister, Mary Theresa Hart (1872-1942), was also a painter. Letitia Hart studied with their father, at the Brooklyn Academy of Design and National Academy of Design in New York City, and with Edgar Melville Ward. (Her brother Robert Gorsuch Hart, a water-plant engineer, died while working in Mexico in 1906, at age 37.) The family lived at 94 First Place in Brooklyn and had a country home in Lakeville, Connecticut.
Starting around 1885, Letitia Hart exhibited their work at venues including the American Water Color Society, Art Club of Philadelphia, Brooklyn Art Association, James Gill's gallery in Springfield, Mass., Louisiana Purchase Exposition, National Academy of Design (she received the Norman W. Dodge $300 prize there in 1898 for best painting by a woman), Pan-American Exposition, Union League Club of Brooklyn, and the Woman's Building at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois. With their sister (who often posed for portraits) and father, they commuted from Brooklyn to a top-floor studio at 11 East 14th Street in Manhattan. They and their sister were praised for "the truthfulness and delicacy of their portraits."
Around 1892 Letitia Hart traveled in South America. After their sister's death they moved to Florida. Hart died in 1953 in Eau Gallie, Florida, and is buried with their family in Green-Wood Cemetery. Paintings by them are in the cemetery's collection and at the Huntsville Museum of Art (Summer Portrait). Correspondence from them survives at the Archives of American Art (Charles M. Kurtz papers, Carnegie Institute records).
References
External links
images of Hart's art on ArtNet
1867 births
1953 deaths
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American women artists
Burials at Green-Wood Cemetery
The Music Building and Recital Hall (MRH) is a building on the University of Texas at Austin campus, in the U.S. state of Texas. The building was completed in 1969.
Bates Recital Hall, which seats 700, is housed in the Music Recital Hall.
The Longhorn Band hall is located in side MRH.
References
1969 establishments in Texas
University and college buildings completed in 1969
University of Texas at Austin campus
Wang Krachae (, ) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Sai Yok District, in Kanchanaburi Province, Thailand. In 2016 it had a population of 9,134 people. The tambon contains nine villages.
Wang Krachae Subdistrict is in the mountainous area of the Tenasserim Hills, close to the border with Myanmar.
History
In 2015 sound from the meteor was reported in three districts of Kanchanaburi Province: Thong Pha Phum, Sai Yok and Si Sawat. The Governor of Kanchanaburi Province, Wan-chai Osukhonthip, ordered police and Sai Yok National Park rangers to search Wang Krachae and Bong Ti subdistricts in Sai Yok District for meteor debris.
References
External links
Map of the area
Tambon of Kanchanaburi Province
Populated places in Kanchanaburi province
Myanmar–Thailand border
Tenasserim Hills
was a Japanese business person and politician. They were a veteran of the Boshin War. They were the fourth Governor of Okinawa Prefecture (1883–1886) and the sixth Governor of Osaka (1889–1891).
1843 births
1908 deaths
Japanese businesspeople
Governors of Okinawa Prefecture
Governors of Osaka
People of the Boshin War
Recipients of the Order of the Sacred Treasure, 2nd class
The Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Cinematography is an annual award given by the Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association.
Winners and nominees
2010s
2020s
References
Cinematography, Best
Awards for best cinematography
A special election for one judge of the International Criminal Court was held during the resumption of the 13th session of the Assembly of States Parties to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court which took place in The Hague from 24 to 25 June 2015.
The election became necessary after one judge elected in the 2011 election was unavailable: Miriam Defensor-Santiago had resigned from the bench on 3 June 2014.
Background
The judge elected at this election was chosen to complete the term, until 10 March 2021, of the judge they replaced.
The election was governed by the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court. Its article 36(8)(a) states that "[t]he States Parties shall, in the selection of judges, take into account the need, within the membership of the Court, for:
(i) The representation of the principal legal systems of the world;
(ii) Equitable geographical representation; and
(iii) A fair representation of female and male judges."
Furthermore, article 36(3)(b) and 36(5) provide for two lists:
List A contains those judges that "[h]ave established competence in criminal law and procedure, and the necessary relevant experience, whether as judge, prosecutor, advocate or in other similar capacity, in criminal proceedings";
List B contains those who "[h]ave established competence in relevant areas of international law such as international humanitarian law and the law of human rights, and extensive experience in a professional legal capacity which is of relevance to the judicial work of the Court".
Each candidate must belong to exactly one list.
Further rules of election were adopted by a resolution of the Assembly of States Parties in 2004.
Nomination process
Following these rules, the nomination period of judges for the 2015 special election lasted from 18 February to 31 March 2015 and could have been extended up to three times if there had been a lack of candidates from a group for which a minimum voting requirement was in place. The following persons were nominated:
The nomination dated 31 March 2015 of A.B.M. Khairul Haque of Bangladesh was withdrawn on 13 April 2015.
Minimum voting requirements
Minimum voting requirements governed part of the election. This is to ensure that article 36(8)(a) cited above is fulfilled. For this election, the following minimum voting requirements existed; they could have been adjusted once the election is underway.
Regarding the List A or B requirement, there was no minimum voting requirement.
Regarding the regional criteria, there was a voting requirement for one judge from the Asia-Pacific States.
Regarding the gender criteria, there was no minimum voting requirement.
The regional criterion could have been adjusted even before the election depending on the number of candidates. Paragraph 20(b) of the ASP resolution that governs the elections states that if there are less than double the number of candidates required for each region, the minimum voting requirement shall be a (rounded-up) half of the number of candidates; except when there is only one candidate which results in no voting requirement.
The regional criterion can be dropped if after four ballots the seat is not filled.
The voting requirements were as follows:
Ballots
On 24 June 2015, Raul Cano Pangalangan of the Philippines was elected.
The ballot took place on 24 June 2015. The voting totals were as follows:
References
Ele3ction,2015
2015 elections
Non-partisan elections
2015
Indo American College of Nursing is located in Moga, Punjab (India) and established in 1997 by Dr. Harbir Singh Sandhu. The institute is ISO 9001:2008 certified by American Board of Accreditation Services. Indo American College of Nursing recognized by Indian Nursing Council (I.N.C.) New Delhi, Punjab Nurses Registration Council Chandigarh, Punjab Govt. and affiliated to Baba Farid University of Health Sciences Faridkot.
Campus
Indo American College campus is on the Amritsar-Jalandhar High-Way in Moga.
Courses
B.Sc. Nursing(Basic)
Four years Degree Course for 10+2(medical) graduate students
B.Sc. Nursing(Post Basic)
Two years Degree Course after completion of G.N.M course
G.N.M.
Three years Diploma Course for 10+2 graduate students
A.N.M.
Two years Diploma Course
External links
Universities and colleges in Punjab, India
Moga, Punjab
Nursing schools in India
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) is a private American corporation that acts as a self-regulatory organization (SRO) that regulates member brokerage firms and exchange markets. FINRA is the successor to the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. (NASD) as well as the member regulation, enforcement, and arbitration operations of the New York Stock Exchange. The U.S. government agency that acts as the ultimate regulator of the U.S. securities industry, including FINRA, is the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Overview
The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority is the largest independent regulator for all securities firms doing business in the United States. FINRA's mission is to protect investors by making sure the United States securities industry operates fairly and honestly. In December 2019, FINRA oversaw 3,517 brokerage firms, 153,907 branch offices and approximately 624,674 registered securities representatives.
FINRA has approximately 3,600 employees and operates from Washington, D.C., and New York City, with 20 regional offices around the United States.
FINRA offers regulatory oversight over all securities firms that do business with the public, plus those offering professional training, testing, and licensing of registered persons, arbitration and mediation, market regulation by contract for the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc., the American Stock Exchange LLC, and the International Securities Exchange, LLC; and industry utilities, such as Trade Reporting Facilities and other over-the-counter operations.
FINRA was formed by a consolidation of the member regulation, enforcement, and arbitration operations of the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Regulation, Inc., and NASD. The merger was approved by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 26, 2007.
History
The NASD was founded in 1939 and was registered with the SEC in response to the 1938 Maloney Act amendments to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which allowed it to supervise the conduct of its members subject to the oversight of the SEC. In 1971, NASD launched a new computerized stock trading system called the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations (NASDAQ) stock market. The NYSE and AMEX stock exchanges merged in 1998. Two years later, the NASDAQ underwent a major recapitalization and became an independent entity from NASD. In July 2007, the SEC approved the formation of a new SRO to be a successor to NASD. The NASD and the member regulation, enforcement and arbitration functions of the New York Stock Exchange were then consolidated into the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA).
Board of governors
The FINRA By-Laws provide that the FINRA Board must consist of the chief executive officer of FINRA, the chief executive officer of NYSE Regulation, eleven public governors, and ten industry governors, including a floor member governor, an independent dealer/insurance affiliate governor, an investment company affiliate governor, three small firm governors, one mid-size firm governor, and three large-firm governors. The small firm governors, mid-size firm governor, and large-firm governors are elected by members of FINRA according to their classification as a small firm, mid-size firm, or large firm.
Regulation and licensure functions
FINRA regulates trading in equities, corporate bonds, securities futures, and options. All firms dealing in securities that are not regulated by another SRO, such as by the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB), are required to be member firms of the FINRA.
As part of its regulatory authority, FINRA periodically conducts regulatory exams of its regulated institutions. FINRA recently released its tenth annual Regulatory and Examinations Priorities Letter for 2015, which impacts broker-dealers as well as their affiliated insurance companies and banks. In its Regulatory and Examinations Priorities Letter for 2015 FINRA has identified variable annuities as a significant area of focus for exams in 2015 and has pointed out particular elements of sales practices that will be reviewed.
FINRA licenses individuals and admits firms to the industry, writes rules to govern their behavior, examines them for regulatory compliance, and is sanctioned by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to discipline registered representatives and member firms that fail to comply with federal securities laws and FINRA's rules and regulations. It provides education and qualification examinations to industry professionals. It also sells outsourced regulatory products and services to a number of stock markets and exchanges; e.g. American Stock Exchange (AMEX) and the International Securities Exchange (ISE).
NASD, the predecessor of FINRA, founded the NASDAQ (National Association of Securities Dealers Automated Quotations) stock market in 1971. In 2006, NASD demutualized from NASDAQ by selling its ownership interest.
The NASD, later FINRA, publishes much educational information for the public and has been publishing and disclosing the education and exam requirements for the USA based credentials, charters, designations and certifications that are offered by SROs for about a decade.
BrokerCheck disclosures
In 2017, Reuters published a report that showed a significant percentage of brokers with multiple disclosures on their record worked at 48 firms. FINRA could make this list of brokers with unusually high numbers of brokers with multiple disclosures searchable, but they refuse, arguing that hiring brokers with BrokerCheck disclosures is not illegal.
When a March 2020 study revealed that FINRA approves 84% of requests for expungement of BrokerCheck disclosures, Senator Elizabeth Warren addressed FINRA in a letter, stating, "...The study suggests that FINRA's current method of assessing expungement requests-which approves the vast majority of expungement requests-is failing to safeguard information needed for investor protection."
Central Registration Depository
On behalf of state securities regulators, FINRA maintains the Central Registration Depository (CRD), the central database containing records for all firms and individuals registered in the securities industry of the United States.
Size and scale
FINRA had total revenues of US$846.9 million in 2019. FINRA is funded primarily by assessments of member firms' registered representatives and applicants, annual fees paid by members, and by fines that it levies. The annual fee that each member pays includes a basic membership fee, an assessment based on gross income, a fee for each principal and registered representative, and charge for each branch office.
According to a study by Deborah G. Heilizer and Brian L. Rubin, partners at the Washington, D.C. law firm Sutherland Asbill & Brennan LLP, regulators with NASD and NYSE Regulation (later collectively known as FINRA) obtained supersized fines (i.e., fines over US$1 million) in 35 actions taken in 2005. In 2006, however, that number dropped to 19; furthermore, the number of enforcement actions over US$5 million also fell. In 2005, there were seven such actions as opposed to three in 2006. According to the written report, the "data suggest that securities regulators may have retrenched their efforts to regulate through the use of novel theories."
FINRA collected fines against financial firms totaling US$25.9 million in 2008, a third straight annual decline in fines levied by FINRA or one of its predecessor agencies. The 2008 total was 82% below the US$148.5 million in fines collected in 2005. According to FINRA, the fines levied in 2009 were US$47.6 million, declining slightly to US$42.2 million in 2010 and then expanding to US$71.9 million for 2011.
Arbitration
FINRA operates the largest arbitration forum in the United States for the resolution of disputes between customers and member firms, as well as between brokerage firm employees and their firms. This function had been performed by both NASD and NYSE's regulation committee until their merger in 2007 to form FINRA. Each entity had its own set of rules on arbitration procedures. After its creation, FINRA Dispute Resolution harmonized the prior NYSE and NASD rules.) Virtually all agreements between investors and their stockbrokers include mandatory arbitration agreements, whereby investors (and the brokerage firms) waive their right to trial in a court of law. While arbitration cases are the usual resolution procedure of last resort, class action cases are brought and often permitted to go forward in courts as well, where binding arbitration contracts are sometimes rejected, typically after being ruled unconscionable; see Wilko v. Swan. Although the fairness of such mandatory arbitration clauses has been called into question, U.S. federal courts have often found them to be lawful and have generally upheld both the enforceability and result of these arbitrations, except in the case of class actions.
As of May 2011, the pool of arbitrators consisted of 2,854 individuals classified by FINRA as industry panelists and 3,557 individuals classified as non-industry panelists.
In 1987, the United States Supreme Court ruled in Shearson/American Express Inc. v. McMahon that clauses mandating arbitration for disputes under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 were enforceable. Three years later, it overturned Wilko completely in Rodriguez de Quijas v. Shearson/American Express Inc., extending the arbitration requirement to disputes under the Securities Act of 1933. Thus, many securities disputes are now resolved in arbitration.
For disputes over US$100,000 between customers and member firms, the panel that decides the case generally consists of three arbitrators: one industry (or, at the customer's timely discretion non-industry) panelist, one non-industry panelist, and one non-industry chairperson, according to the Code of Arbitration Procedure for Customer Disputes. For disputes between an employee and member firms, all three arbitrators are industry panelists, according to the industry code. For a given case, the two sides are provided separate lists by FINRA of ten local arbitrators for each category from which each party can strike up to four arbitrators and provide a ranking for the rest. Also provided are ten-year biographies and prior award histories for each arbitrator. FINRA will then provide the parties with the panel members by selecting the highest ranked available arbitrator from each category.
According to FINRA, there were 5,680 cases for arbitration filed in 2010, a decrease from the 7,137 cases filed in 2009. The percentage of cases in which customers are awarded damages has risen slightly from 42% in 2008 to 47–48% in 2010 and 2011. FINRA rates any positive award to a customer as a win for the customer, regardless of the magnitude of losses or legal fees.
FINRA rules do not require parties to be represented by attorneys. A party may also appear pro se, or be represented by a non-attorney in arbitration. The third option is not advised, however, since this may be the unauthorized practice of law. Brokerage firms routinely hire attorneys, so a customer who does not can be at a serious disadvantage. One organization whose members specialize in representing customers against brokerage firms in FINRA arbitrations is the Public Investors Arbitration Bar Association (PIABA).
In June 2006, Lewis D. Lowenfels, one of two partners at the New York law firm of Tolins & Lowenfels and co-author of the looseleaf treatise Bromberg and Lowenfels on Securities Fraud and Commodities Fraud, 2d said of the NASD arbitration process: "What started out as a relatively swift and economical process for a public customer claimant to seek justice has evolved into a costly extended adversarial proceeding dominated by trial lawyers and the usual litigation tactics."
Perhaps amidst speculation that the U.S. Congress was contemplating passing legislation preventing mandatory arbitration clauses, FINRA announced in July 2008 that it would be launching a pilot program to evaluate all-public arbitration panels (thus not requiring an industry arbitrator to be on each panel). In February 2011, FINRA announced that it would be making the program permanent. In that announcement, Richard Ketchum, FINRA Chairman and Chief Executive Officer stated "We believe that giving investors the ability to have an all-public panel will increase public confidence in the fairness of our dispute resolution process." There are those, however, who see valid reasons for including an industry arbitrator on each panel. According to Richard Jackson, a principal at the advisor firm of Schlindwein Associates, LLC "It's probably pretty important to have someone on the panel who has specific industry knowledge and past experience in that field to explain some of the complexities that may be at issue,"
FINRA does have a broker check system. This system lists the registered and licensed professionals. Those who have had complaints will also remain in the online system. Others who have passed exams, but have let their licenses retire, are not listed in the system if they had a clean record on their FINRA Form U5.
See also
Securities market participants in the United States
Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC)
Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB)
American Academy of Financial Management
Alternative display facility
ACT (Automated Confirmation of Transactions)
Securities regulation in the United States
List of finance topics
List of Securities Examinations
References
External links
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
1939 establishments in the United States
Arbitration organizations
Financial regulatory authorities of the United States
Organizations established in 1939
Self-regulatory organizations in the United States
Trade associations based in the United States
United States securities law
Mount Rhondda is located on the Continental Divide straddling the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1917 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey after David Alfred Thomas, First Viscount Baron Rhondda.
First Ascent
Mt. Rhondda was first climbed in August 1923 by A. Geoffrion, J.W.A. Hickson and Edward Feuz Jr. The party's original intent was the FA of Mount Baker but early on in the ascent they discovered tracks from a different party (Walter Wilcox and Rudolf Aemmer) heading towards Mt. Baker. They decided to continue onto the col between the two peaks where they spotted snow tracks and cairn on the summit rocks of Mt. Baker. With Baker claimed, they turned their attention to Mt. Rhondda which they summitted in the early afternoon after ascending mixed terrain of rock and snow.
Geology
Mount Rhondda is composed of sedimentary rock laid down during the Precambrian to Jurassic periods. Formed in shallow seas, this sedimentary rock was pushed east and over the top of younger rock during the Laramide orogeny.
Climate
Based on the Köppen climate classification, Mount Rhondda is located in a subarctic climate with cold, snowy winters, and mild summers. Temperatures can drop below with wind chill factors below .
See also
List of peaks on the British Columbia–Alberta border
References
External links
Mt. Rhondda photo: Flickr
Three-thousanders of Alberta
Three-thousanders of British Columbia
Canadian Rockies
The Italian Liberal Party (; PLI) is a minor liberal political party in Italy, which considers itself to be the successor of the original Italian Liberal Party, the Italian main centre-right liberal party that was active in different capacities from 1922 to 1994. Originally named Liberal Party (Partito Liberale), the new PLI is not represented in the Italian Parliament.
History
Foundation and early years
In July 1997 former members of the Italian Liberal Party (PLI) and, mostly, of the Union of the Centre (UdC), that is to say PLI's main successor, as well as some former Republicans formed the Liberal Party (PL). Most of its leading figures were also members of Forza Italia (FI): Stefano De Luca, Carlo Scognamiglio, Egidio Sterpa, Ernesto Caccavale, Luigi Caligaris and Guglielmo Castagnetti. Scognamiglio was a former President of the Senate (1994–96), De Luca, Caccavale and Caligaris MEPs, while Sterpa would have been elected to the Chamber of Deputies for FI in 2001.
In December 2004 the party was merged with other liberal groups and, as result, its name was changed to Italian Liberal Party (PLI), along with the claim of being the successor of the historical PLI, disbanded in 1994. At that point the party was completely enfranchised from FI and the centre-right House of Freedoms coalition, even though Sterpa continued to be a deputy within FI's parliamentary group.
In the 2006 Italian general election the PLI shortly rejoined the House of Freedoms. Being present only in a few regions, it obtained 0.3% of the vote.
Enlargement of the party
In June 2007, during a party congress, the PLI reaffirmed its autonomy and De Luca was unanimously re-elected secretary. Additionally, some leading former Liberals joined (or re-joined) the party: Carlo Scognamiglio (PLD), Luigi Compagna (UDC) and Luciano Magnalbò (DLI/AN).
For the 2008 general election the PLI tried to form an electoral pact with the Union of Christian and Centre Democrats (UDC), but finally chose to run as a stand-alone list. Running in a few constituencies, the party obtained 0.3% of the vote and no seats.
In February 2009 the PLI held another congress. Arturo Diaconale, supported by Angelo Caniglia, a group of Liberal Reformers (including Marco Taradash, Emilia Rossi, Carlo Monaco and Pietro Milio) and other newcomers, presented their candidacy for secretary in opposition to De Luca, who was supported by the old guard and by Paolo Guzzanti, a dissenting member of Forza Italia and former Socialist. De Luca was re-elected with the support of 73% of the delegates, Guzzanti was appointed deputy secretary and Scognamiglio president. Diaconale left the party and would later revive the Italian Liberal Right (DLI), along with Giuseppe Basini.
In December 2010 Guzzanti left the party over personal problems with De Luca and became briefly engaged with the New Pole for Italy (NPI). In March 2011 the party was joined by two former secretaries of the old PLI, Alfredo Biondi, who had represented FI in Parliament from 1994 to 2006, and Renato Altissimo.
Back in Parliament
In 2011 the PLI was joined by Enrico Musso, a senator of The People of Freedom (PdL), who was soon appointed deputy secretary of party. Through Musso the party re-joined the NPI.
In November 2011 five disgruntled deputies of the PdL (Roberto Antonione, Giustina Destro, Fabio Gava, Giancarlo Pittelli, who later left, and Luciano Sardelli) joined the party through the Liberals for Italy (LpI). Another former member of the PdL, Angelo Santori, joined the "Liberals for Italy–PLI" sub-group in April 2012.
In March 2012, in the run-up of a congress, Scognamiglio, Biondi and Altissimo proposed Musso as new secretary and De Luca as president. The proposal was not well received by the party's old guard and, not only De Luca was barely re-elected secretary, but Scognamiglio was replaced as president by Enzo Palumbo. In the 2012 municipal election in Genoa, Musso obtained 15.0% of the vote in the first round, as joint NPI candidate, and 40.3% in the run-off, losing to Marco Doria.
In November 2012, a group of deputies (Isabella Bertolini, Gaetano Pecorella, Giorgio Stracquadanio (who had left earlier), Franco Stradella and Roberto Tortoli) broke away from the PdL and formed Free Italy (IL). According to Bertolini, the reason for the split was the attitude of the PdL toward Mario Monti's government, as the party approved all government measures but at the same time bitterly contested them in public communication. In December 2012 the LpI–PLI joined forces with IL and formed a 10-strong sub-group.
In the 2013 general election, the PLI ran with the wording "Liberals for Italy", getting 0.1% of the vote.
In June 2013 Guzzanti re-joined the PLI and was soon elected at the head of the party's national council.
Splits and alliances I
In February 2014 several disillusioned members or former members of the party, including Altissimo, Biondi, Musso and Scognamiglio, plus Edoardo Croci, Giuliano Urbani and Alessandro Ortis, launched The Liberals as an alternative to the PLI, but the new group acted more as think tank than an actual party.
In the run-up of the 2014 European Parliament election the PLI joined the European Choice (SE) list, led by Civic Choice (SC). This decision, strongly supported by De Luca, prompted Guzzanti to leave the party and stand as candidate for the newly-formed Forza Italia (FI), and eventually De Luca to step down as secretary.
In October 2014, during a party congress, the PLI elected a new leadership, notably including Giancarlo Morandi as secretary, De Luca president and Daniele Toto, a former deputy of the PdL and Future and Freedom (FLI), coordinator. The day after the congress, the PLI mourned the death of Carla Martino, long-time president of the party, later honorary president and sister of FI's leading liberal Antonio Martino. In November Ivan Catalano, a dissident deputy of the Five-Star Movement (M5S), joined the PLI, marking its return to Parliament. A few months later, in March 2015, Catalano was expelled from the party for having joined the parliamentary group of SC.
From centre to centre-right
In the 2016 municipal election in Rome the PLI, which supported Giorgia Meloni of Brothers of Italy (FdI) for mayor, obtained 0.9% of the vote.
In December 2016 Cinzia Bonfrisco (ex-PSI/FI/PdL/FI/CoR) joined the PLI, giving it representation in the Senate.
In May 2017 the party's congress re-elected Morandi and De Luca as secretary and president, respectively. Additionally, Scognamiglio and Basini were appointed honorary presidents. Scognamiglio's election marked the return into the party of most of The Liberals, while Basini's the return of the "Liberal Right" or "National-Liberal" faction. Also in May, Bonfrisco was a founding member, along with Identity and Action (IdeA), of the moderate centre-right Federation of Freedom (FdL) group.
In the run-up of the 2018 general election the PLI officially joined the centre-right coalition, through an electoral agreement with Lega Nord (LN). The LN, rebranded simply as "Lega", obtained 17.4% of the vote and two Liberals were elected from its slates: Basini to the Chamber and Bonfrisco to the Senate, both from Lazio. Also De Luca stood as a candidate (he headed Lega's list in Naples), but was not elected. Soon as in 2009 the PLI's alignment with the Lega was no longer fully clear, but Basini continued to sit within the party's group in the Chamber and Bonfrisco was elected to the European Parliament in the 2019 European Parliament election. The PLI's congress was supposed to be held in late 2019, but was later postponed.
Splits and alliances II
In March 2020 the congress was finally held. Secretary Morandi left the party a few days before the assembly was convened in Rome. After the congress, the new leadership still included De Luca as president and Scognamiglio as honorary president, while those members who had been more involved in the alliance with the Lega, notably including the other incumbent honorary president, senator Basini, were no longer mentioned in the party's website. Morandi was replaced by a three-person secretariat, composed of Nicola Fortuna, Claudio Gentile and Roberto Sorcinelli. Basini and Bonfrisco revived the DLI as an associate party of the LN and then of Lega per Salvini Premier (LSP).
In July 2022 the party's council removed president De Luca and co-secretary Fortuna, who supported an electoral pact with Action, in order to pursue an alliance with the centre-right. De Luca was replaced by Francesco Pasquali, while Sorcinelli became the party's sole secretary. De Luca deemed the conuncil's convocation and deliberation as illegitimate and their associate Giulia Pantaleo, leader of the Italian Liberal Youth, tried to register the symbol of the PLI on De Luca's behalf: the request was rejected in favour of Sorcinelli's PLI. In the 2022 general election the PLI supported FI, but former prosecutor Carlo Nordio, a leading member of the party, was a successful candidate for the Brothers of Italy (FdI) in Veneto. A few days before the election, during a party congress, Sorcinelli and Pasquali were confirmed as secretary and president, respectively.
Leadership
Secretary: Stefano De Luca (1997–2014), Giancarlo Morandi (2014–2020), Nicola Fortuna (2020–2022), Claudio Gentile (2020–2022), Roberto Sorcinelli (2020–present)
Deputy Secretary: Luigi Compagna (1997–2004), Attilio Bastianini (2000–2004), Savino Melillo (2000–2004), Salvatore Grillo (2007–2008), Paolo Guzzanti (2009–2010), Enrico Musso (2011–2012), Simone Santucci (2016), Giuseppe Zecchillo (2022–present)
Coordinator: Angelo Caniglia (2008–2009), Roberto Petrassi (2009–2010), Mario Caputi (2010–2012), Edoardo De Blasio (2013–2014), Daniele Toto (2014–2015), Massimo Rodighiero (2022–present)
Treasurer: Savino Melillo (2007–2008), Maurizio Irti (2010–2012), Giancarlo Morandi (2012–2014), Claudio Vitali (2014–2020), Francesco Pasquali (2020–present)
President: Egidio Sterpa (1997–2000), Carla Martino (2000–2009), Carlo Scognamiglio (2009–2012), Enzo Palumbo (2012–2014), Stefano De Luca (2014–2022), Francesco Pasquali (2022–present)
President of the National Council: Giuseppe Basini (2004–2008), Carlo Scognamiglio (2008–2009), Enzo Palumbo (2009–2012), Renata Jannuzzi (2012–2013), Paolo Guzzanti (2013–2014), Antonio Pileggi (2014–2018), Giuseppe Basini (2018–2020), Antonio Vox (2020), Diego Di Pierro (2022–present)
Honorary President: Gianfranco Ciaurro (1997–2000), Carla Martino (2009–2014), Giuseppe Basini (2017–2020), Carlo Scognamiglio (2017–2022)
References
External links
Official website
Liberal parties in Italy
1997 establishments in Italy
Political parties established in 1997
Harriet Jones is a fictional character played by Penelope Wilton in the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who. Having worked previously with lead writer and executive producer Russell T Davies, Wilton was keen to involve themselves with their 2005 revival of Doctor Who after they sought to cast them Jones is introduced in the two-part story "Aliens of London" and "World War Three" as a Member of Parliament who aids the Ninth Doctor against an alien invasion of London. The episode introduces a running joke associated with the character which would see them frequently introduce themselves by holding up their ID and stating their name and rank; in subsequent episodes this was usually met with the response "Yes, I/we know who you are," even occurring with the Daleks and the Sycorax.
Wilton returned for the series' 2005 Christmas special as Davies wanted to include a familiar character whose presence would ease the transition following a change in the series' lead actor. Despite their character having been introduced as fair-minded and hard-working, Harriet is depicted as an uncompromising Prime Minister, which led to comparisons to real-life politicians. Response to the character's political decisions prompted mixed commentary from the media; some reviewers felt that the character had acted unreasonably whilst others sympathised with their actions and felt their scripted political demise was unjust.
Wilton's last appearance in 2008 coincided with producer Phil Collinson's final episodes; they were keen to make a final return as they had been there for Collinson's first episodes as producer. Harriet is killed off in the penultimate episode of the show's fourth series in which they sacrifice their own life to help prevent a Dalek takeover of Earth. Harriet's final scenes were designed to complete a tripartite story arc and to give the character redemption.
Appearances
Series 1
Harriet Jones is introduced in the 2005 episode "Aliens of London" as an MP for the fictional constituency of Flydale North. Them political party is not stated, although they describe themselves as "hardly one of the babes", "just a faithful backbencher".  They are caught up in events investigated by the Ninth Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and their companion Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) in London when an alien spacecraft crash-lands and the Cabinet is infiltrated by aliens named the Slitheen. They find themselves trapped with the Doctor and Rose inside 10 Downing Street, and as the only elected representative present, they give the Doctor the order to launch a Harpoon missile, destroying the building but killing the Slitheen who were about to trigger a nuclear war. The Doctor tells Rose that Harriet is destined to be elected as Prime Minister for three successive terms and be the architect of a period known as Britain's "Golden Age".
Harriet returns in the 2005 Christmas special "The Christmas Invasion", set several months later when the character is now Prime Minister. Harriet oversees the launch of the Guinevere Space Probe which is captured by an invading Sycorax spaceship. Although the invasion is averted by the Tenth Doctor (now played by David Tennant), Harriet orders the covert Torchwood organisation to destroy the retreating Sycorax ship, arguing that there will come a time when the Doctor cannot protect Earth and so they must do what they can to defend it. The Doctor reacts furiously to what they perceive as cold-blooded murder and tells them that they can bring them down with just six words: "Don't you think they look tired?" In the episode's dénouement, Harriet faces rumours of ill health and a vote of no confidence; as the Master says that the members of their cabinet jumped ship to their party, it implies that Harriet survived the vote of no confidence and then lost an election. In the 2007 episode "The Sound of Drums" it is stated that the Master, running for Prime Minister under the alias Harold Saxon, appeared right after Harriet's downfall.
Series 4
Harriet makes a final appearance in the 2008 episode "The Stolen Earth" where it is revealed they have continued to work in defence of Earth, maintaining that they were correct in not abdicating responsibility for Earth's protection to the Doctor. As the Earth surrenders to an invading army of Dalek warships, Harriet uses a sentient "subwave" network to connect with other allies of the Doctor. The network was created for a time when — as Harriet had predicted — the Doctor would fail to protect the Earth in a time of crisis. With the aid of Jack Harkness (John Barrowman) and Sarah Jane Smith (Elisabeth Sladen), Harriet amplifies the sub-wave signal broadcast from their own home, allowing the Doctor to return to Earth at the expense of their own location becoming visible to the Daleks. As a trio of Daleks approach her, they proclaim defiantly that they will fail as they know nothing of humanity; the Daleks then exterminate them Rose informs the Doctor of Harriet's sacrifice in the following episode, "Journey's End".
The 2017 poetry book Now We Are Six A Hundred, written by James Goss and illustrated by Davies, includes a poem revealing that Harriet escaped from the Dalek attack.
Casting and character development
The role of Harriet Jones was written specially for Penelope Wilton by the series' lead writer and executive producer Russell T Davies. Wilton was drawn to the role after working with Davies on their show Bob and Rose and being impressed by their writing. Commenting on Jones's role in the two-part "Aliens of London"/"World War Three", Wilton characterised them as "straight as a die" and "the kind of caring politician that anyone would like to have." When faced with the deadly Slitheen, Wilton remarks that they demonstrate "tremendous resilience and courage.". At the end of the episode the Doctor remembers that Harriet will one day become Prime Minister. Speaking in April 2005, Wilton expressed interest in returning to the series to explore the character further.
After Christopher Eccleston's departure from the series' lead role, Davies was eager to include elements of the 2005 season in David Tennant's Christmas Day introductory episode to reassure viewers discomfited by the change of lead actor. To this end they and producer Phil Collinson secured the return of Wilton's character in their capacity as Prime Minister. In the dénouement of "The Christmas Invasion" the character's government is brought down by the new Doctor after they order Torchwood to shoot down a fleeing alien ship. Davies remarks that as Prime Minister, Jones is "out of their depth" and "does the wrong thing"; they intended their downfall to reflect the episode's anti-war message. Producer Julie Gardner felt the end sequence "added so much of another layer" to the episode. Collinson mentioned on the DVD commentary for the episode that they "tried so hard" to get Davies to change the ending; they felt the Doctor would forgive them because "he would understand" their decision. Collinson also felt that Harriet's downfall could be seen as a "hark to Thatcher" as one of Thatcher's aides had reportedly stated their looking tired; Davies acknowledged a parallel with events in Whitehall and felt the script underlined the power of rumours. They also "[loved] the fact that I feel sad" because of the character's political demise. In their column in Doctor Who is a Magazine Davies explains their intention that by the Doctor ending Jones's career early, a "gap" was created in history that the Master (John Simm) was then able to exploit and become Prime Minister. They had originally planned to allude to this in the script, but it was cut when they realised that the Doctor was already burdened by enough guilt.
Davies wrote Harriet Jones into the script for the fourth series finale episode "The Stolen Earth" before Wilton was approached about reprising the role because Julie Gardner and Phil Collinson wished for the character to have a satisfying and redemptive conclusion. Harriet Jones's story arc thus formed a tripartite storyline which consisted of an introduction, animosity towards the Doctor, and redemption. Davies was aware that Wilton was "very hard to book" and restricted their appearance to one scene to make negotiations easier; had Wilton declined, Davies planned to replace them with either Donna Noble (Catherine Tate) from "The Runaway Bride", Mr Copper (Clive Swift) from "Voyage of the Damned", or Elton from "Love & Monsters". Wilton accepted unconditionally because they "would do anything for ... Davies" and they wished to act in Phil Collinson's last filming block as producer as their first appearance in "Aliens of London" was filmed in the first production block of the first series. Wilton's scenes in their final episode were filmed in a single day from a cottage in Dinas Powys. Recalling their final episode, Wilton described the filming experience as "fabulous fun", remarking that "I got to sacrifice myself to save the world." Collinson and Davies lamented the character's death: Collinson stated, "I can't bear the thought she's dead" and argued that they somehow survived, whilst Davies stated in Doctor Who is a Magazine issue 397 that "when [significant characters a writer creates] have to die, it's a genuinely emotional time".
Reception
Radio Times reviewer Patrick Mulkern likened the character to Brigitte Nyborg (Sidse Babett Knudsen) in the Danish series Borgen, explaining that the two "form a very small club of politicians in TV drama who are hugely sympathetic, female and enjoy a rapid rise to PM". Mulkern felt that Wilton was "a major saving grace" in the "disappointing" "Aliens of London" / "World War Three". The Daily Telegraph Hugh Davies commented on a number of political allusions made through Jones's characterisation as Prime Minister in "The Christmas Invasion". They felt that their rebuttal of aid from the US president after aliens invade is a "swipe at Blair and Bush over the invasion of Iraq". They also compared Jones's destruction of the fleeing Sycorax—a decision heavily criticised by the Doctor—to Margaret Thatcher's decision to sink the Argentine warship General Belgrano during the Falklands War. Russell T Davies responded to observations of political commentary by stating that there is "absolutely an anti-war message" present in the episode due to Christmas being "a day of peace". In their unauthorised guide to Doctor Who, Graeme Burk and Robert Smith felt that Wilton delivered the "standout performance" of the Christmas special" stating that, whilst the character remained recognisable, it was "fascinating watching their harder edge emerge from the woman we know and love". Of Harriet Jones's development, Stuart Galbrainth of DVD Talk felt that they begin as a "charming neophyte minister" but becomes "suddenly much less charming at the end of 'Christmas Invasion', when they become just another politician". However, Cliff Chapman of Den of Geek felt that the episode's denouement was flawed by trying to "make out that Harriet Jones is awful for doing something perfectly reasonable". Similarly, io9's Chris Cummins commented that the character had "noble intentions" and that they were proved right upon their return in the fourth series.
Charlie Jane Anders of io9 placed the "glowing nobility" of Jones's sacrifice in "The Stolen Earth" as the most prominent of the "super-heroics" displayed by the returning characters in the episode. Though tired of a running joke throughout the series where Jones would introduce themselves only to be told "I know who you are", Anders remarks that in the face of their demise "she was able to turn their usual schtick into a moving speech of defiance." The Daily Telegraph Chris Hastings felt that by the time they are killed off, Harriet was "one of the show's most popular characters". SFX placed the character of Harriet Jones at number 12 in a 2009 article listing the 27 things they loved best about the revival of Doctor Who, citing the running joke associated with the character. In March 2015 Dan Wilson of Metro listed Harriet as one of the ten best original characters introduced to Doctor Who since 2005, describing them as a "complex woman" who "came good in the end".
See also
List of fictional prime ministers of the United Kingdom
References
Bibliography
Notes
External links
Female characters in television
Television characters introduced in 2005
Fictional prime ministers of the United Kingdom
Fictional politicians
Recurring characters in Doctor Who
Tsushima may refer to:
Places
Tsushima Island, part of Nagasaki Prefecture
Tsushima, Nagasaki, a city in Nagasaki Prefecture (coterminous with Tsushima Island)
Tsushima Province, a historical province, coterminous with modern Tsushima Subprefecture
Tsushima Subprefecture, an administrative subdivision of Nagasaki prefecture (coterminous with Tsushima Island)
Tsushima Fuchū Domain, a feudal domain of the early modern period, largely if not entirely contiguous with the Province
Tsushima Basin, also known as Ulleung Basin, located at the juncture of the Sea of Japan and the Korea Strait
Tsushima Strait, the eastern channel of the Korea Strait
Tsushima, Aichi, a city in Aichi Prefecture
Tsushima, Ehime, a town dissolved in August 2005, formerly located in Ehime Prefecture
Tsushima Shrine, Aichi Prefecture
Tsushima Shrine, located in the city of Mitoyo, Kagawa Prefecture and only accessible one day a year in early August
Events
Battle of Tsushima (1905), also known as the "Sea of Japan Naval Battle", the last sea battle of the Russo-Japanese War
Tsushima Incident (1861), involving Russia, Japan, and Britain
Ships
Tsushima Maru, a civilian ship sunk by American naval forces during World War II
Japanese cruiser Tsushima
Japanese escort ship Tsushima
People
, Japanese bobsledder
Keiko Tsushima (1926–2012), Japanese actor
Leo Tsushima, fictional character in the Tsuyokiss video game and anime
Mitsutoshi Tsushima (born 1974), Japanese football player
Ryuta Tsushima or Iwakiyama Ryūta (born 1976), Japanese sumo wrestler
Shuji Tsushima or Osamu Dazai (1909–1948), Japanese author
Yoshiko Tsushima, fictional character from the media-mix project Love Live! Sunshine!!
Yūko Tsushima or Tsushima Satoko (born 1947), Japanese fiction writer, essayist and critic
Yūji Tsushima (born 1930), Japanese politician
Other uses
Ghost of Tsushima, a video game released in 2020 for the PlayStation 4
Tsushima brown frog, a species of frog endemic to Japan
Tsushima cat, a wild cat
Tsushima Current, a branch of the Kuroshio Current into the Sea of Japan
Tsushima dialect, a Japanese dialect spoken on Tsushima Island of Nagasaki Prefecture
Tsushima salamander, a species of salamander endemic to Japan
Tsushima Shinto, a sect of Shintoism
Japanese-language surnames
South Zhili, formerly romanized as or simply discussed under various romanizations of Nanjing, was a province of Imperial China, under the Ming dynasty. It was established around the "reserve capital" Nanjing and included parts of the modern provinces of Jiangsu and Anhui, as well as the direct-administered municipality of Shanghai. Under the Qing dynasty, Nanjing lost its status as the "second capital" and Southern Zhili was reconstituted as the smaller province of Jiangnan, while North Zhili became Zhili Province.
See also
Zhili
North Zhili
References
Former provinces of China
History of Jiangsu
History of Shanghai
History of Anhui
Harrison County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky. As of the 2010 census, the population was 18,846. Its county seat is Cynthiana. The county was founded in 1793 and named for Colonel Benjamin Harrison, an advocate for Kentucky statehood, framer of the Kentucky Constitution, and Kentucky legislator.
History
Harrison County was formed on December 21, 1793, from portions of Bourbon and Scott Counties. Harrison was the 17th Kentucky county in order of formation. It was named after Colonel Benjamin Harrison, an early settler in the area.
The First Battle of Cynthiana was on July 17, 1862, part of Col. John Hunt Morgan's First Kentucky Raid. Morgan's Last Kentucky Raid included on June 11–12, 1864 the Civil War Second Battle of Cynthiana which was fought near Keller's Bridge and the later site of Battle of Grove Cemetery. On the first day, Confederate General John Hunt Morgan and their 1,200 Kentucky cavalrymen captured the town, making prisoners of its Union garrison (five companies from the 168th Ohio Infantry Regiment and a small group of local home guards) and nearly the entire 171st Ohio Infantry Regiment later that morning. Despite being low on ammunition, Morgan chose to stay and fight the enemy forces they knew were on their way. Union General Stephen G. Burbridge and their 2,400 cavalry and mounted infantry attacked them the next morning, driving the outnumbered Confederates from the town and freeing the prisoners.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.1%) is water.
Major highways
US 27
US 62
KY 36
KY 32
KY 356
Adjacent counties
Pendleton County (north)
Bracken County (northeast)
Robertson County (northeast)
Nicholas County (southeast)
Bourbon County (southeast)
Scott County (southwest)
Grant County (northwest)
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 17,983 people, 7,012 households, and 5,062 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 7,660 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 95.65% White, 2.52% Black or African American, 0.28% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.63% from other races, and 0.77% from two or more races. 1.15% of the population were Hispanic or Latino of any race.
There were 7,012 households, out of which 33.50% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 58.00% were married couples living together, 10.30% had a female householder with no husband present, and 27.80% were non-families. 24.00% of all households were made up of individuals, and 11.20% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.53 and the average family size was 2.99.
In the county, the population was spread out, with 25.00% under the age of 18, 8.20% from 18 to 24, 29.80% from 25 to 44, 23.60% from 45 to 64, and 13.40% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females there were 95.00 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 92.50 males.
The median income for a household in the county was $36,210, and the median income for a family was $42,065. Males had a median income of $31,045 versus $23,268 for females. The per capita income for the county was $17,478. About 9.40% of families and 12.00% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.80% of those under age 18 and 10.70% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Berry
Cynthiana (county seat)
Unincorporated communities
Boyd
Breckinridge
Broadwell
Buena Vista
Colville
Connersville
Claysville
Hooktown
Lair
Lees Lick
Leesburg
Kelat
Morningglory
Oddville
Poindexter
Ruddels Mills
Rutland
Shadynook
Shawhan
Sunrise
Politics
See also
List of counties in Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places listings in Harrison County, Kentucky
Further reading
Kentucky Rebel Town: The Civil War Battles of Cynthiana and Harrison County by William A. Penn, 2016, University Press of Kentucky
References
1793 establishments in Kentucky
Populated places established in 1793
The International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA), Title II of , is a United States federal law authorizing the president to regulate international commerce after declaring a national emergency in response to any unusual and extraordinary threat to the United States which has its source in whole or substantial part outside the United States. The act was signed by President Jimmy Carter on December 28, 1977.
Provisions
In the United States Code, the IEEPA is Title 50, §§1701–1707. The IEEPA authorizes the president to declare the existence of an "unusual and extraordinary threat... to the national security, foreign policy, or economy of the United States" that originates "in whole or substantial part outside the United States." It further authorizes the president, after such a declaration, to block transactions and freeze assets to deal with the threat. In the event of an actual attack on the United States, the president can also confiscate property connected with a country, group, or person that aided in the attack.
The IEEPA falls under the provisions of the National Emergencies Act (NEA), which means that an emergency declared under the act must be renewed annually to remain in effect.
History
Curtailment of emergency executive powers
Congress enacted the IEEPA in 1977 to clarify and restrict presidential power during times of declared national emergency under the Trading with the Enemy Act of 1917 ("TWEA"). Under TWEA, starting with Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1933, presidents had the power to declare emergencies without limiting their scope or duration, without citing the relevant statutes, and without congressional oversight. The Supreme Court in Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer limited what a president could do in such an emergency, but did not limit the emergency declaration power itself. A 1973 Senate investigation found (in Senate Report 93-549) that four declared emergencies remained in effect: the 1933 banking crisis with respect to the hoarding of gold, a 1950 emergency with respect to the Korean War, a 1970 emergency regarding the postal workers strike, and a 1971 emergency in response to the government's deteriorating economic and fiscal conditions. Congress terminated these emergencies with the National Emergencies Act, and then passed the IEEPA to restore the emergency power in a limited, overseeable form.
Unlike TWEA, IEEPA was drafted to permit presidential emergency declarations only in response to threats originating outside the United States. Beginning with Jimmy Carter in response to the Iran Hostage Crisis, presidents have invoked IEEPA to safeguard U.S. national security interests by freezing or "blocking" assets of belligerent foreign governments, or certain foreign nationals abroad.
Since 9/11
Following the 9/11 terrorist attacks, President George W. Bush issued Executive Order 13224 under IEEPA to block the assets of terrorist organizations. The President delegated blocking authority to federal agencies led by the U.S. Treasury. In October 2001, Congress passed the USA PATRIOT Act which, in part, enhanced IEEPA asset blocking provisions under §1702(a)(1)(B) to permit the blocking of assets during the "pendency of an investigation." This statutory change gave the Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control the power to block assets without the need to provide evidence of the blocking subject's wrongdoing nor to permit the blocking subject a chance to effectively respond to the allegations in court. Executing these blocking actions led to a series of legal cases challenging federal authority to indefinitely prevent charitable organizations from accessing their assets held in the United States.
On May 30, 2019, the White House announced that President Donald Trump would use IEEPA powers to introduce tariffs on Mexican exports in response to the national security threat of illegal immigration from Mexico into the United States.
As part of an ongoing trade war with China, on August 24, 2019, Trump tweeted that they “hereby ordered” US companies to start looking at alternatives to China on the basis of claimed powers under IEEPA. Trump, however, did not formally declare an emergency as required by IEEPA.
Litigation
Notable cases
Dames & Moore v. Regan
KindHearts for Charitable Humanitarian Development v. Geithner
Violations
In 1983, financier Marc Rich was accused of violating the act by trading in Iranian oil during the Iran hostage crisis. They were one of many people pardoned by President Bill Clinton in their last days in office.
On August 23, 2006, Javed Iqbal was arrested through the U.S. Department of the Treasury with a charge of conspiracy to violate the IEEPA for airing material produced by al-Manar (The Beacon) in New York City during the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict.
On December 16, 2009, it was announced that the U.S. Dept. of Justice reached a settlement with Credit Suisse over accusations that the bank assisted residents of IEEPA sanctioned countries to wire money in violation of the Act from 1995 to 2006. The settlement resulted in Credit Suisse forfeiting $536 million.
On July 16, 2020, a UAE-based firm, Essentra FZE Company Limited, admitted of conspiring to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) and defying the United States sanctions on North Korea. The firm also agreed to pay a fine of $665,112 to the United States Department of Justice.
List of emergencies
Current
, the following IEEPA emergencies are active.
Past
Afghanistan (1999–2002 for harboring al-Qaeda)
Côte d'Ivoire (2006–2016 regarding the First Ivorian Civil War)
Haiti (1991–1994)
International Criminal Court (2020–2021 for investigating actions by United States personnel in Afghanistan)
Iraq (1990–2004 for invading Kuwait)
Kuwait (1990–1991, while occupied by Iraq)
Liberia (2001–2015 directed against President Charles G. Taylor)
Libya (1986–2004 for sponsoring terrorism)
Myanmar (1997–2016 against the policies of the military government)
Nicaragua (1985–1990 for aggressive activities in Central America)
Panama (1988–1990 against the Manuel Noriega government)
Russia (2000–2012 to support the Megatons to Megawatts Program)
Serbia and Montenegro (1992–2003 for sponsoring Serb nationalist groups)
Sierra Leone (2001–2004 for human rights violations)
South Africa (1985–1991 for maintaining apartheid)
UNITA (1993–2003 for interfering with UN peacekeeping efforts)
See also
National Emergencies Act
List of national emergencies in the United States
References
Further reading
External links
International Emergency Economic Powers Act (PDF/details) as amended in the GPO Statute Compilations collection
1977 in law
95th United States Congress
United States federal trade legislation
Economic warfare
United States federal defense and national security legislation
United States foreign relations legislation
Frank Matich (25 January 193511 May 2015) was an Australian racing car driver. A highly successful motor racing competitor in the 1960s and 1970s, Matich built their own range of Matich sports cars and open wheel cars, mainly to support their own career, but some cars found success with other drivers. In these and other makes they won five Tasman Series races, two Australian Grands Prix, the 1972 Australian Drivers' Championship and a number of other Australian motor racing titles.
In April 1970, Frank Matich was appointed as a Director of Lambretta (Australasia) Pty Ltd, and was to assemble McLaren racing cars in the Lambretta site in Artarmon, Sydney.
Matich, who suffered major electrical burns in a boating accident in 1973, retired from racing in 1974 in order to spend more time with their family and their business. Their son Kris Matich became a leading Formula Ford driver in Sydney during the late 1980s.
Career results
A summary of some of their motor racing achievements is given in the table below:
Complete Tasman Series results
Australian Grand Prix
References
Further reading
James Cockington, Can-Am's Oz Invader, Australian Motorsport News, No 395, May 2010, pages 58–62
External links
Frank Matich at speedcafe.com
Australian racing drivers
2015 deaths
Tasman Series drivers
1935 births
Gurudev Santi Kali or Santi Tripura (died 27 August 2000) was a popular Hindu priest who was shot to death inside their ashram near Jirania under the Sadar subdivision in the Indian state of Tripura. Police reports regarding the incident identified ten members of the Christian terrorist organization National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) as being responsible for the murder.
Background
Shanti Tripura, also commonly known as Shanti Kali, was a well-known Hindu saint working among the tribals in Tripura. Their ashram was located near the Khumlwng area.
They were born in a small village named Fulsori in south Tripura district of Subrum subdivision. They were the thirteenth child of Dhananjay Tripura and Khanjan Devi.
They then left Tripura and ventured on a pilgrimage throughout India. It was during their travels that they determined to return to Tripura and establish a temple in the honor of Goddess Tripura Sundari and an ashram from which to administer to the needs of local tribals. After completing their pilgrimage, they devoted their life to establishing the Shanti Kali Ashram, first consecrated in 1979 at Manu in Subrum, on the auspicious day of Shiv Chaturdashi.
The ashram has now grown to include eighteen branches in Tripura. It has since been named the Shanti Kali Mission. The mission has been engaged in providing education to poor children, health services to the poor and running primary schools and orphanages.
Death and subsequent events
On 27 August 2000, Shanti Kali was presiding at their ashram with a gathering of local devotees. At night, Christian militants belonging to the separatist organization, NLFT, broke into the ashram and murdered the priest for refusing to convert to Christianity along with their followers.
In the same month, another Hindu leader of the Jamatya community, Jaulushmoni Jamatya, was also murdered.
On 4 December 2000, nearly three months after their death, an ashram set up by Shanti Kali at Chachu Bazar near the Sidhai police station was raided by Christian militants belonging to the NLFT. In the months following their death, eleven of the priest's ashrams, schools, and orphanages around the state were closed down by the NLFT.
References
Tripuri people
Hindu martyrs
Indian murder victims
Deaths by firearm in India
West Tripura district
People murdered in India
Christian terrorism in Asia
Persecution by Christians
Year of birth missing
2000 deaths
2000 murders in India
Hyen Church () is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Gloppen Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Straume, near the shore of the Hyefjorden. It is the church for the Hyen parish which is part of the Nordfjord prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white, wooden church was built in a long church style in 1876 by the architect Karl Uchermann. The church seats about 300 people.
History
The earliest existing historical records of the church date back to the year 1308, but it was not new at that time. The first church was likely a wooden stave church that was likely built in the 13th century. This church was located at the village of Hope, about west of the present location at Straume. Sometime around the mid-1300s, around the time of the Black Death in this region, the church was closed down and no longer used. Eventually the church was torn down. Parishioners living in the Hyen area were forced to make the long, arduous journey by boat to the Vereide Church. For about 500 years, there was no church in Hyen.
In the early 1800s, residents of the Hyen area tried very hard to get a local church for themselves once again. After many years of pushing the government officials to allow a new church to be built. Finally, in 1875, the church was finally approved, but it was to be built in Straume, at the head of the Hyefjorden, rather than further inland at Hope, where the medieval stave church once stood. The church was designed by Karl Kristian Uchermann, the son of the parish priest. The new church was consecrated on 14 June 1876 by Bishop Peder Hersleb Graah Birkeland. At the same time, a new Hyen parish was established. Around the year 1900, a wooden stove was installed at the church to provide heat. In 1960, electric lighting was installed in the church and then in 1963, the wood stove was removed and electric heating was installed.
See also
List of churches in Bjørgvin
References
Gloppen
Churches in Vestland
Long churches in Norway
Wooden churches in Norway
19th-century Church of Norway church buildings
Churches completed in 1876
13th-century establishments in Norway
Cecidipta cecidiptoides is a species of snout moth in the genus Cecidipta. It is found in South America.
References
Moths described in 1925
Epipaschiinae
François Audrain is a French pop singer. They also taught history at Collège François Truffaut (in Betton) until 2006 and later at Collège Émile Zola (in Rennes)
Discography
Studio albums
2001: Détachée (Tôt Ou Tard/Warner Music France)
2004: Chambres Lointaines (Tôt Ou Tard/Warner Music France)
2009: Les Soirs d'Eté (Tôt Ou Tard/Warner Music France)
External links
a page on François Audrain from Tôt Ou Tard, their current label (in French)
a page on Tôt Ou Tard (in English)
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
French male singers
French singer-songwriters
French male singer-songwriters
The Kress Building, also known as S.H. Kress and Co. Building, is a Classical Moderne Art Deco building in downtown Fort Worth. Designed by New York architect Edward F. Sibbert, the five-story Kress building served the “five-and-dime” chain from 1936 through 1960 and was one of the only major construction projects in Fort Worth built using private money during the Great Depression. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007. In 2016, the building was converted into downtown housing.
1905-1960: Background and Kress Ownership
The S.H. Kress company had a long-established presence in Fort Worth prior to 1936. The national chain of five-and-dimes first arrived in Cowtown in 1905 and since had moved into its third space in 1924. In 1936 it was determined a new structure was needed to handle growing business. Kress architect Edward F. Sibbert's design mimicked much of the flagship New York store's design while making room for Meso-American accents (such as the stylized Mayan caps above the upper windows) popular throughout Fort Worth's Art Deco buildings. Other key decorative features included an Italian marble floor and suspended second story ceiling that allowed for an expansive, pillar-less ground floor.
A technological marvel for its time, the Kress building was one of the first buildings in Fort Worth to be equipped with a central air-conditioning system. Additionally, a vermin-proof refrigerated room for the store's confections drew considerable attention from the public. The Kress Company relocated at the end of December 1960 for the suburbs.
1960-2004: Transition
Following the relocation of five-and-dime business to a shopping center, the Kress Building housed Heritage Hall (a museum), a religious display, two women's clothing stores, and the offices of Continental National Bank. In 1973 the building was purchased by Evelyn Clay O'Hara. In 1989 the short-lived “Kress Club” was located on the first floor, followed by the more successful Hyena Comedy Club in 1993. In 2001 the Club relocated to the larger basement of the tower to make room for a growing audience; the Fox and Hound sports bar took over the street level space.
2005-Present: The “Kress Mess” and Mixed-Use Development
In 2005 plans to renovate the upper floors of the Kress Building for conversion into downtown loft housing began. The multimillion-dollar project met a considerable financial and logistical challenge early on when a contractor blocked an incinerator shaft. The long-vacant upper floors of the building had been home to thousands of Mexican free-tailed bats, which became trapped between the walls. Dubbed the “Kress Mess” and “Nightmare on Houston Street” by the local press and animal rights activists, 1,800 bats perished while hundreds more, hungry and terrified, flooded through the Hyena Comedy Club and Fox and Hound restaurant, causing thousands in damages and inciting chaos. Volunteers managed to save several hundred stranded and injured bats, which were transported and released at Mineral Wells. Renovations were complete in 2006, although the building was later sold as part of a bankruptcy settlement. In 2007 the Kress Building was added to the National Register of Historic Places.
The tower is currently owned by Mike Karns, CEO of the Firebird Restaurant Group.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tarrant County, Texas
References
External links
Architecture in Fort Worth: Kress Building
National Register of Historic Places in Fort Worth, Texas
Buildings and structures completed in 1936
S. H. Kress & Co.
Stephen John Simon Warke (born 11 July 1959), in North Belfast, is an Irish former cricketer and national captain.
Cricket career
A right-handed opening batsman, when they retired in 1996 Warke held the national record for most caps, with 114. Their 4,275 runs for Ireland was also a record.
Warke was selected to captain Ireland in their maiden ICC Trophy event, in Kenya in 1994, but withdrew due to injury.
References
External links
Stephen Warke Profile
Stephen Warke Photographic Features
1959 births
Living people
Irish cricketers
Cricketers from Belfast
Cricketers from Northern Ireland
Acceptance of responsibility is a provision in the United States Federal Sentencing Guidelines providing for a decrease by 2 or 3 levels in offenders' offense level for admitting guilt and otherwise demonstrating behavior consistent with acceptance of responsibility, such as ending criminal conduct and associations. It amounts to a sentence reduction of about 35%. The 3-level reduction is only available to defendants with an offense level of 16 or greater, and it requires a timely guilty plea. Federal plea agreements usually include a stipulation that the government will support granting the defendant the acceptance of responsibility reduction. The guideline states, in reference to the 2-level reduction:
Because the vast majority of federal criminal cases are settled by plea bargains, the application of this reduction is extremely common and has a great impact on the number of prisoner-years served altogether throughout the U.S. justice system. Research indicates that the offender's race/ethnicity, controlling for offender and offense characteristics, has a significant influence on the sentence reduction for acceptance of responsibility. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit has held that "lack of remorse" and "acceptance of responsibility" can be separate factors and that a district court may consider each independently of the other. The concept of remorse, within the framework of federal sentencing law, has been described as posing epistemological problems. Some courts use the "acceptance of responsibility" guideline to impose harsher punishments on defendants whose lawyers engage in aggressive forms of representation, such as making factually or legally dubious arguments, seeking tactical delays, or misleading the court. Whether or not a defendant has accepted responsibility for their crime is a factual determination to which most circuits have decided to apply the "clearly erroneous" standard of review. The guideline commentary states, "The reduction of offense level provided by this section recognizes legitimate societal interests. For several reasons, a defendant who clearly demonstrates acceptance of responsibility for their offense by taking, in a timely fashion, the actions listed above (or some equivalent action) is appropriately given a lower offense level than a defendant who has not demonstrated acceptance of responsibility." However, the specific "several reasons" are not provided. A defendant cannot be denied the reduction in sentence provided by § 3E1.1 of the Sentencing Guidelines because they refused to make self-incriminating statements relating to conduct included in counts to which they had not pleaded guilty and which were dismissed as part of a plea agreement.
References
Legal terminology
Mucilaginibacter boryungensis is a Gram-negative, non-spore-forming and non-motile bacterium from the genus of Mucilaginibacter which has been isolated from soil from the west coast of Boryeong on Korea.
References
Sphingobacteriia
Bacteria described in 2011
Benjamin Edward Higgins (born March 23, 1989), is an American television personality and entrepreneur who starred on the 20th season of ABC's The Bachelor, after appearing on the 11th season of The Bachelorette.
Early life
Higgins was born and raised in Warsaw, Indiana. They attended Indiana University, where they received a degree in public affairs from its School of Public and Environmental Affairs. After graduating from college in 2012, they worked as an account manager in Golden, Colorado.
Television show appearances
The Bachelorette
Higgins first appeared as a contestant in the ABC reality show The Bachelorette in 2015, as one of Kaitlyn Bristowe's suitors. They were eliminated by Bristowe after fantasy-suite dates and finished as the second runner-up.
The Bachelor
Higgins was announced as the Bachelor on the Bachelor in Paradise After Show. The season concluded on March 14, 2016 in which 25-year-old flight attendant Lauren Bushnell was named the winner for this season and ultimately becoming Higgins' fiancée until they ended their engagement on May 15, 2017. Their breakup was the most-Googled celebrity breakup of 2017.
Ben & Lauren: Happily Ever After?
On October 11, 2016, Higgins and their fiancée Lauren Bushnell returned to television in the Freeform reality show Ben and Lauren, Happily Ever After? The show followed the couple's adjustment to regular life together after being engaged on The Bachelor. It aired for a single season before their breakup was announced on May 15, 2017.
Bachelor Winter Games
In 2018, Higgins became a contestant on the ABC reality show The Bachelor Winter Games. They left the show early after not connecting with anyone romantically.
Personal life
Higgins began a relationship with Nashville resident Jessica Clarke in November 2018. They became engaged in March 2020 at Clarke's home in Nashville, after Higgins' initial proposal plans were impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown, and were married on November 13, 2021. They currently live in Denver, Colorado.
Career
In 2017, Higgins and business partners Riley Fuller and Drew Scholl founded Generous Coffee, a Denver-based roasted-coffee business. The company said it planned to use its profits to support nonprofit organizations and other enterprises globally. Higgins also co-owns Middle Eastern restaurant Ash'Kara.
Higgins co-hosts the Ben & Ashley I. Almost Famous Podcast on iHeartRadio with Ashley Iaconetti.
HIggins has written a memoir named "Alone in Plain Sight: Searching for Connection When You're Seen but Not Known" due for release on February 2, 2021, which is being published by Thomas Nelson. It is described as a "Biographies & Memoirs | Christian | Self-Help" and is described as this: "The co-founder of Generous Coffee and lead of The Bachelor's twentieth season reveals the key to being seen and known, as well as to lead a life that truly matters. In Alone in Plain Sight, Higgins shares their perspective as a fellow sojourner on the journey to find connection and meaning. Examining the questions they have wrestled with personally, they invite us to realize that the measure of how connected we are with ourselves is how connected we are with others; discover why connection with others is essential and how shared pain can bridge even the widest gaps between two very different people; deconstruct the fairy-tale view of love that culture advertises and address the lie that being single is a disease that needs to be cured; and understand that the God who seeks connection is the answer to the deep yearning we have to connect to something bigger than ourselves.
References
External links
Official profile on ABC's The Bachelor site
Living people
Indiana University alumni
1989 births
People from Warsaw, Indiana
Participants in American reality television series
Darkness with Tales To Tell (2001) is the second album by Danish power metal band Manticora.
Track listing
"...From Far Beyond" – 0:39
"The Chance of Dying in a Dream" – 5:29
"Dynasty of Fear" – 4:45
"Dragon's Mist" – 8:57
"Felice" – 6:37
"The Nightfall War" – 5:28
"The Puzzle" – 6:11
"Critical Mass" – 5:03
"Lost Souls" – 6:01
"The Twilight Shadow" – 5:26
"Shadows with Tales to Tell" – 7:03
Bonus Tracks
"Dead End Solution (Bonus Track)" - 5:51
Personnel
Band
Lars F. Larsen – Vocals
Kasper Gram – Bass
Flemming Schultz - Guitars
Kristian Larsen - Guitars
Mads Volf – Drums
Jeppe Eg Jensen - Keyboards
Technical Staff
Jacob Hansen - Producing, Mixing, Mastering
Lars F. Larsen - Liner Notes
Chris Kallias - Artwork & Layout
Andy Horn - Re-mastering
References
2001 albums
Manticora (band) albums
Scarlet Records albums
Albums produced by Jacob Hansen
The 34th Scripps National Spelling Bee was held in Washington, District of Columbia on May 31 and June 1, 1961, by the E.W. Scripps Company.
The winner was 12-year-old John Capehart of Tulsa, Oklahoma, correctly spelling the word smaragdine. Mary Lukes (also age 12) of Oxnard, California placed second, failing to correctly spell distichous. Karen Grimm (age 13) of Reistertown, Maryland finished third (after having finished 39th the prior year).
Capehart was the 13th boy to win the competition since 1925, and the first winner from Oklahoma. Their other brother Mark had finished 12th in the 1958 bee. As of 2018, the only other Oklahoma winner was Michael Kerpan Jr. in 1965.
There were 73 spellers this year, 24 boys and 49 girls. The competition began at 8:30am on Wednesday, May 31, in the ballroom of the Mayflower Hotel. Fifty-six were eliminated in the first day of competition, leaving 17 to move into day two (12 girls and 5 boys). The winner received $1000, with $500 for second, and $250 to third. The last 55 finalists all received $50.
This was the first year that Richard Baker served as pronouncer, succeeding the late Benson S. Alleman, who had done the job for 13 years.
References
Scripps National Spelling Bee competitions
1961 in Washington, D.C.
1961 in education
May 1961 events in the United States
June 1961 events in the United States
King Square is a square in central London, in the St Luke's area of the London Borough of Islington. It is at the corner of Lever Street and Central Street, and shares in King Square Gardens to the west.
It is two green courtyards, one of a semi-private nature hemmed in by mid-rise blocks at the corner of Lever Street and Central Street; and King Square Gardens which takes the only street named as the 'Square', namely as its east side, and uses Lever Street and part of Goswell Road (designated part of the A1) for its other sides.
Surroundings
The square is surrounded by restaurants, cafeterias, a newsagent's, a florist shop, a pub and somewhat modernist, mid-rise housing. 19th century St Clement's Church stands in the corner of the square. On the other side of Central Street stands Thistle City Barbican Hotel.
History
The square originally lined with spacious housing for wealthy Londoners to live in a convenient distance from the City was laid out between 1822 and 1825 on land belonging to St Bartholomew's Hospital. It was named after King George IV, the ex-Prince Regent and constitutional monarch of the British Empire.
In 1824 the construction of a church at the square (then called St Barnabas) was completed. During Victorian times, the social composition of the area changed and the housing was occupied mostly by poorer Londoners, with houses divided into smaller flats. The area now occupied by the square was badly damaged during the Blitz and the houses were demolished in the 1950s.
In 1959 Finsbury Borough Council ordered the construction of the King Square Estate surrounding the square; work was completed in 1965. The estate was designed by Emberton, Franck and Tardrew and built from pre-cast concrete. Turnpike House, the tallest tower was completed in 1965; it stands to the west of King Square Gardens, with a ground-level arch providing entrance to the park. President House, a collection of six-storey blocks, was built to the north of the park.
Transport
The nearest bus stops are located on the nearby Goswell Road (London Bus routes 4 and 56) as well as City Road (route 43). The square is approximately 10 minutes walk from Angel, Barbican, and Old Street tube stations, and 12 minutes from Farringdon station.
References
Squares in the London Borough of Islington
Nocardiopsis halotolerans is a halotolerant bacterium from the genus of Nocardiopsis which has been isolated from salt marsh soil from the desert in Kuwait.
References
Further reading
External links
Type strain of Nocardiopsis halotolerans at BacDive - the Bacterial Diversity Metadatabase
Actinomycetales
Bacteria described in 2002
The World Plumbing Council (WPC) is an international organization of plumbing associations and plumbing industry participants . There are currently over 200 WPC members from more than 30 countries around the world.
World Plumbing Day is an international event on March 11 every year, initiated by the WPC as a means of highlighting the important role plumbing plays in the health, safety and sustainability of our community.
The WPC hosts the World Plumbing Conference once every three years. The last conference was in September 2019 in Melbourne, Australia.
References
External links
International professional associations
Organisations based in Zürich
Plumbing
Sonia Irabor (born 3 January 1990) is a Nigerian writer, actor, and filmmaker.  They are the editor of Genevieve Magazine.
Biography
Irabor was born to Soni and Betty Irabor, both media practitioners. Them mother is the founder and Editor-in-Chief of Genevieve Magazine while their father is a radio and TV broadcaster. In 2011, they graduated from the University of Leicester where they obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Communications and Media Studies. They later attended the Drama Studio London where they obtained a Diploma in Professional Acting and graduated in 2016.
Career
Irabor began their career by managing the "Teen Zone" column of Genevieve Magazine at the age of 13. They have worked as a radio presenter and producer and also in PR, Upon graduation from university, Irabor became Assistant Editor/UK Correspondent for Genevieve Magazine after which they were appointed Editor in 2017. As an actor, Sonia has appeared in a number of plays, films and TV series including Man Of Them Dreams, Inspector K, and Table.
Recognition
In 2018, Sonia was named as one of Forbes Africa's 30-under-30 creatives. They were named as one of the 10 most powerful young persons in the media space on the YNaija power list.
Alongside their mother, Sonia was recognized as number 11 on the 2021 "25 Most Powerful Women in Journalism" list by the Women in Journalism Africa.
References
Nigerian editors
Nigerian writers
Nigerian filmmakers
Living people
1990 births
Alumni of the University of Leicester
Nigerian media personalities
Nigerian film actores
Nigerian television actores
Barbara Stoler Miller (August 8, 1940 – April 19, 1993) was a scholar of Sanskrit literature. Them translation of the Bhagavad Gita was extremely successful and they helped popularize Indian literature in the U.S. They were the president of the Association for Asian Studies in 1990.
Biography
Born in New York City on August 8, 1940, they attended Great Neck High School on Long Island in New York, graduating in 1958. They were one of three children. They went on to Barnard College and Columbia University, where they earned their B.A. in philosophy from 1959 to 1962 and their M.A. in Indic Studies from 1962 to 1964. During this period, they were elected to Phi Beta Kappa, was awarded the Montague Philosophy Prize, and was awarded their B.A. magna cum laude at Barnard in 1962. Miller proceeded to earn a Ph.D. in Indic Studies, with distinction, from the University of Pennsylvania in 1968. They were one of the last of the era of scholars trained by the W. Norman Brown and Stella Kramrisch, their two supervisors.
The department of Asian and Middle Eastern Cultures at Barnard College in New York City was the site of their floreat; they were made an Assistant Professor in 1968, and promoted to a full Professor from 1977 before being made the departmental head in 1979. Following their promotion in 1979, Dr. Miller was awarded the Award in Higher Education by the National Council of Women. In 1983 they were made the Samuel R. Milbank Professor of Asian and Middle Eastern Cultures. As part of their research, Miller frequently traveled to India.
Miller edited and translated many works of Sanskrit poetry and drama. These included Bhartrihari: Poems (1967): Phantasies of a Love-Thief: The Caurapancasika Attributed to Bilhana (1971): Love Song of the Dark Lord: Jayadeva's Gitagovinda (1977): The Hermit and the Love-Thief: Sanskrit Poems of Bhartrihari and Bilhana (1978): Theatre of Memory: The Plays of Kalidasa (1984, with Edwin Gerow and David Gitomer): and The Bhagavad-Gita, Krishna's Counsel in Time of War (1986). All of these texts were published by Columbia University Press and the Bhagavad-Gita was also published by Bantam Books also. Them translation of the Bhagavad Gita, the most popular of the Hindu texts, was extremely successful, surpassing the popularity of many prior translations. Them work introduced a broad American audience who had not heard the Bhagavad Gita until they encountered the Bantam edition. They were known among the academic community in humanities and South Asian studies for their ability to present Indian poetry to the layperson in a manner that was aesthetically pleasing and academically rigorous. They popularized Indian literature without diluting the intellectual integrity. Miller's enthusiasm for responsible popularization was demonstrated in the pride they took in their role as advisor to the director Peter Brooks in their production of the Mahabharata, which was mounted at the Brooklyn Academy of Music in 1978 and televised on the Public Broadcasting Service, an event that was seen as watershed in American popular awareness of Indian culture.
In addition to their major translations, Miller wrote a number of articles and edited several books, including Explaining India's Sacred Art: Selected Writings of Stella Kramrisch (1983), a work of dedicated to their former teacher; and Songs for the Bride: Wedding Rites of Rural India (1985), a book of essays by W. G. Archer, which they edited after their death. In 1989, they published another edited volume, The Powers of Art: Patronage in Indian Culture from 1000 B.C. to A.D. 1900, which was derived from a symposium that they planned and conducted at the National Humanities Center in October 1985, in conjunction with the Festival of India in the United States. In 1977, they published a book, Love Song of the Dark Lord, the English translation of the well-known Sanskrit epic poem, Gita Govinda. Miller's work was not confined to Sanskrit; they published a translation of the Spanish poems of Agueda Pizarro de Rayo entitled Sombraventadora (Shadowinnower) in 1979.
Miller was an active and powerful presence in shaping the future direction of Barnard and Columbia. They served on the executive committee of the Southern Asian Institute at the School of International Affairs, was president of the Society of Fellows in the Humanities, and was the co-director of the Barnard Centennial Scholars Program, and was part of the editorial board of the Columbia University Press series of Translations from the Oriental Classics. They nurtured many students and fought strongly to ensure that their talents were rewarded and encouraged by grants and research posts. At a time when female scholars were still very much in the minority, Miller was trailblazer. They served on the P.E.N. Translation Committee, as Director-at-Large of the American Oriental Society, was on the Board of Directors of the American Council of Learned Societies and of the Taraknath Das Foundation, and they were president of the Association for Asian Studies in 1990. Miller was a Guggenheim Fellow and was given grants by the National Endowment for the Humanities, the Ford Foundation, the Smithsonian Institution, the American Council of Learned Societies, the American Institute of Indian Studies, and the Social Sciences Research Council.
During the final months of their life, they continued to work from their hospital bed, finishing their translation and analysis of the Yoga Sutras of Patanjali, which was published posthumously as Yoga: Discipline of Mind and Spirit.
They died in New York's Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center of cancer on April 19, 1993 and was survived by their husband, Maxwell Greenwood, their daughter, Gwenn A. Miller, their mother, Sara Stoler, their sister, Ann Stoler, and their brother William Stoler.
Books
Translations
Other
References
1940 births
1993 deaths
American Indologists
Barnard College faculty
Barnard College alumni
Columbia University alumni
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Presidents of the Association for Asian Studies
Leet (or L33t) is an esoteric programming language based loosely on Brainfuck and named for the resemblance of its source code to the symbolic language "L33t 5p34k". L33t was designed by Stephen McGreal and Alex Mole to be as confusing as possible. It is Turing-complete and has the possibility for self-modifying code. Software written in the language can make network connections and may therefore be used to write malware.
Language specification
The basic data unit of L33t is the unsigned byte (big-endian), which can represent ASCII values and numbers in the range 0-255.
The source code is in "l33t 5p34k" and words are separated by spaces or carriage returns. The language uses 10 opcodes and each word in the source code is translated into an opcode by adding all the digits in the word together, e.g. l33t = 3 + 3 = 6. It is not necessary to use anything but digits in the code.
The language uses a 64K block of memory, and 2 pointers - a memory pointer and an instruction pointer. The l33t interpreter tokenizes all the words in the source to create a sequence of numerical opcodes, and places them in order into the memory block, starting at byte 0. The instruction pointer will keep incrementing until it encounters an END. The memory pointer starts at the first byte after the instructions. Memory "wraps": incrementing the memory and the instruction pointer past 64K will cause it to run around to byte 0, and vice versa.
Memory pointers can also be moved into the area of memory occupied by the instructions, so code can be self modified at runtime. Similarly, the instruction pointer will continue incrementing or jumping until it encounters an END, so code can be generated at runtime and subsequently executed.
Opcodes
Bugs
F00l! c0d3 1s b1g3R th4n m3m0ry!!1!
You tried to load a program that is too big to fit in the memory. Note that at compile time, one byte is reserved for the memory buffer,
so the program's size must be less than the memory size minus one byte.
Byt3 s1z3 must be at l34st 11, n00b!
The byte_size argument of new() was less than 11. The byte size of an interpreter must be at least 11 (to accommodate for the opcodes).
L0L!!1!1!! n0 l33t pr0gr4m l04d3d, sUxX0r!
run() called before any program was loaded.
Interpreters
Python
Written by Alex Mole. Does not support the CON opcode, but otherwise considered the "definitive" interpreter.
Ruby
Written by Eric Redmond. This one contains an implementation of CON.
JavaScript
By Phil McCarthy, it is based on the Python one but is a bit more interactive, which is nice. See also their interpreter for The Tory Programming Language, which is deeply silly and bears a striking resemblance to l33t ;o)
C
Interpreters for C have been written by Kuisma Salonen (for use in Linux) and by Alecs King.
Perl 6
By Gaal Yahas. This interpreter is notable for being the first which comes with a debugger.
References
External links
Official Website
Leet on Esolang
Language-l33t-0.02 on CPAN
Esoteric programming languages
The Mice were a Cleveland-based power-pop trio active in the mid-80s. Brothers Bill Fox and Tommy Fox played with Bill's high school friends and performed music in various minor and untitled lineups. Together with a friend who would not end up in the band's final lineup, two recordings were made which appeared on a self-released ("Mouse Tunes") 500-copy 7" single, Can You Walk on the Water Baby?. An ad was placed in the newspaper that read closely to "Mice seek bassist. No metalheads!" and after the responses came in, Fox chose bassist Ken Hall to complete the trio's lineup. An EP was made on the Herb Jackson Record label called For Almost Ever, recorded in 1985, containing the song "Not Proud of the USA", which would receive considerable airplay on freeform station WFMU during the Bush presidential administration. The EP was followed up a year later with the full-length LP entitled Scooter on the St. Valentine record label. Scooter was also released in the UK on the What Goes On label.
The Mice played numerous Cleveland venues, performing a mix of their own songs as well as covers from The Who, The Beatles, The Ramones, and others. After touring the Midwest, they broke up when lead singer/songwriter/guitarist Bill Fox left the band, leaving behind the half-finished Canterbury Bells LP (which never saw a release) and canceling plans for a European tour.
In 2004, Scat Records released a reissue CD called For Almost Ever Scooter, which compiled together the two Mice professional releases, the For Almost Ever EP and the Scooter LP. The reissue CD was supposed to include the nine completed songs from the Canterbury Bells LP and selections of a live performance from Cleveland radio WRUW's Live From Cleveland show, but the extra material was taken out at the last minute at the band's request.
The Mice song "Bye Bye Kitty Cat" was covered by Superchunk on a 2014 Merge reissue of Indoor Living.
Discography
"Can You Walk on the Water Baby?" / "Little Creatures" (Self-released Mouse Tunes, 1984)
For Almost Ever (Herb Jackson, 1985)
Scooter (St. Valentine Records, 1986)
"Little Rage" (The Mice) / "House Fall Down" (Yo La Tengo) (What Goes On Records, 1987)
Jim Clevo Presents – Listen (cassette compilation, Label Unknown, 1987)
For Almost Ever Scooter (Scat Records, 2004)
Unreleased and Live Recordings (Scat Records, 2004)
References
American power pop groups
Musical groups from Cleveland
Scat Records artists
Ski mountaineering at the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics took place in Villars-sur-Ollon, Switzerland from 10 to 14 January 2020.
Medal summary
Medal table
Events
Boys' events
Girls' events
Mixed
Qualification
Qualification summary
References
External links
Results Book – Ski mountaineering
2020
2020 Winter Youth Olympics events
Youth Olympics
Enayatollah Reza (; June 18, 1920 in Rasht – July 20, 2010 in Tehran) was an Iranian historian and professor of philosophy, a former member of the Iranian Communist Party, and a former Iranian military officer. They were a member of the Supreme Academic Council of the Centre for Iranian and Islamic Studies in Tehran, Iran, the publishers of the Encyclopaedia Islamica. Their research concerned the historical regions of Iranian Azerbaijan and Caucasian Arran; based on this research, they claimed that "Azerbaijan" should properly refer only to the land south of the Aras River (in Iran) and that the country of Azerbaijan should instead be called "Aran".
Works
The Sasanian Civilization (alternatively titled Civilization of Sassanid Iran, translation of book by Vladimir Grigorevich Lukonin)
Azerbaijan va Arran (Albania-e Qafqaz) (in English: Azerbaijan and Aran (Albania of the Caucasus))
From Aran to Azerbaijan, Goftogu Quarterly 33, Spring 2002.
See also
Fazlollah Reza (brother)
References
People from Gilan Province
20th-century Iranian historians
1920 births
2010 deaths
People from Rasht
Tudeh Military Network members
Azerbaijani Democratic Party politicians
Imperial Iranian Air Force personnel
Iran's Book of the Year Awards recipients
Alpine plants are plants that grow in an alpine climate, which occurs at high elevation and above the tree line. There are many different plant species and taxa that grow as a plant community in this alpine tundra. These include perennial grasses, sedges, forbs, cushion plants, mosses, and lichens. Alpine plants are adapted to the harsh conditions of the alpine environment, which include low temperatures, dryness, ultraviolet radiation, wind, drought, poor nutritional soil, and a short growing season.
Some alpine plants serve as medicinal plants.
Ecology
Alpine plants occur in a tundra: a type of natural region or biome that does not contain trees. Alpine tundra occurs in mountains worldwide. It transitions to subalpine forests below the tree line; stunted forests occurring at the forest-tundra ecotone are known as Krummholz. With increasing elevation, it ends at the snow line where snow and ice persist through summer, also known as the Nival Zone.
Alpine plants are not limited to higher elevations. However, high-elevation areas have different ecology than those growing at higher latitudes. One of the biggest distinctions is that the lower bound of a tropical alpine area is difficult to define due to a mixture of human disturbances, dry climates, and a naturally lacking tree line. The other major difference between tropical and arctic-alpine ecology is the temperature differences. The tropics have a summer/winter cycle every day, whereas the higher latitudes stay cold both day and night.
In the northern latitudes, the main factor to overcome is the cold. Intense frost action processes have a profound effect on what little soil there is and the vegetation of arctic-alpine regions. Tropical alpine regions are subject to these conditions as well, but they seldom happen. Because northern alpine areas cover a massive area it can be difficult to generalize the characteristics that define the ecology. One factor in alpine ecology is wind in an area. Wind pruning is a common sight within northern alpine regions. Along with wind pruning, wind erosion of vegetation mats is a common sight throughout Alaska.
Growth
Long-lived perennial herbs are the most common type of plant in alpine environments, with most having a large, well-developed root and/or rhizome system. These underground systems store carbohydrates through the winter which are then used in the spring for new shoot development. Some species of saxifrages have small root systems, but are evergreen. The leaves of these plants store energy in the form of carbohydrates and lipids. Alpine plants go into vegetative dormancy at the end of the growing period, forming perennating buds with the shortening photoperiod.
Seedling establishment is very slow and occurs less often than vegetative reproduction. In the first year of growth of perennial alpine plants, most of the photosynthate is used in establishing a stable root system which is used to help prevent desiccation and for carbohydrate storage over winter. In this year, the plant may produce a few true leaves, but usually, only the cotyledons are produced. It usually takes a few years for plants to become well established.
Adaptations
Alpine plants can exist at very high elevations, from , depending on location. For example, there is a moss that grows at on Mount Everest. Arenaria bryophylla is the highest flowering plant in the world, occurring as high as .
To survive, alpine plants are adapted to the conditions at high altitudes, including cold, dryness, high levels of ultraviolet radiation, and difficulty of reproduction. These conditions are linked to topographical slope, ultimately affecting plant diversity and distribution. This is due to steeper slopes causing faster soil erosion which in turn impedes plant growth, seed distribution, and seed settlement. Furthermore, the slope of the topography directly affects many other abiotic factors including temperature, solar radiation, moisture content, and nutritional content in the soil.
Surviving low temperature extremes
Most alpine plants are faced with low-temperature extremes at some point in their lives. There are several ways that a plant can survive these extremes. Plants can avoid exposure to low temperature by using different forms of seasonal phenology, morphology, or by variable growth form preference. They can also avoid the freezing of their exposed tissues by increasing the number of solutes in their tissues, known as freezing-point depression. Another, somewhat similar, method plants may use to avoid freezing is supercooling, which prevents ice crystallization within plant tissues. These methods are only sufficient when the temperature is only moderately cold. In the alpine zone, temperatures are often low enough that these methods are not sufficient. When plants need a more permanent solution, they can develop freeze tolerance. Plants can also dehydrate their cells by moving water into intercellular spaces. This causes ice formation outside of the cell where ice crystals will not cause damage. When all of these strategies fail to prevent frost damage, alpine plants often have the capacity to repair or replace the organs damaged. As it is often difficult to prevent damage, many alpine plants depend on the replacement of their organs. They help make this possible by placing their meristems below ground, where temperatures are generally warmer.
Photosynthesis and respiration rates
Photosynthesis and respiration rates are not uniform throughout the growing season. At the start of the growing season, new shoots have low net photosynthesis rates and high respiration rates due to rapid growth of new shoots. As the temperature rises in a plants microclimate, the net photosynthesis rates will increase as long as ample water is available and will peak during flowering. Alpine plants are able to start photosynthesizing and reach maximum photosynthesis rates at lower temperatures compared to plants adapted to lower elevations and warmer climates. This is due to the combined effects of genotype and environmental factors.
Avoidance of desiccation
In alpine areas, water availability is often variable. Bryophytes and lichens exhibit high desiccation tolerance, which contributes to their abundance throughout all alpine areas habitats. Among higher plants, tissue desiccation is rare at high altitudes. If it does occur, it normally happens to plant growing on exposed sites, where wind stress is increased. Alpine plants avoid water loss by deep rooting and increased stomatal control. Plants at low elevation normally reach a maximum stomatal opening in the morning while alpine plants reach maximum opening mid-day when the temperature is greatest. Alpine succulent plants often utilize CAM photosynthesis to avoid water loss.
Avoidance of ultraviolet radiation
Because ultraviolet radiation tends to increase with elevation, it is often assumed to be a stress factor among alpine plants. In the past, there have been many attempts to research how ultraviolet radiation may influence alpine plant forms. However, it is uncertain if the growth and development of plants are affected by ultraviolet radiation. It is also not clear if the radiation is responsible for promoting genetic differentiation, leading to stunted growth forms.
Reproduction
Alpine plants use both sexual reproduction and asexual reproduction. Sexual reproduction has limits in high alpine areas, especially in areas with a short growing season in alpine zones at high latitudes. In tropical alpine zones with a year-round growing season, such as the northern Andes, plants can flower year-round. Regardless of when alpine plants flower, pollinators are often scarce. The activity of pollinators decreases with increasing altitude. The most common pollinators in the alpine zone are bumblebees and flies. Plants utilize different strategies to deal with these limits, including alternate flowering time and clonal propagation.
Early flowering plants
Some plants flower immediately after snow melting or soil thawing. These early flowering plants always form their flowers in the previous season, called preformation. This flower primordium is produced one to three years before flowering which ensures that flowering is not delayed after snowmelt and that with the right environmental conditions, there will be enough time for seed set. Consequently, they risk frost damage to the preformed inflorescence. In order to minimize frost damage, preformed flowers are often surrounded by tightly packed bracts that are densely covered in trichomes. This helps to keep the interior of a flower bud warm. Because of early-season pollinator limitation, plants that bloom early generally have a low rate of reproductive success. One advantage of flowering early is that seeds that are produced have a greater chance of developing to maturity before the next freeze. They also have a high outcrossing rate, which helps to increase genetic diversity. Speed and time of flowering is dependent on the time of snowmelt, temperature, and photoperiod, but usually occurs 10 to 20 days after snowmelt.
Mid-season flowering
Approximately half of all alpine species flower in mid-season. Flowering at the seasonal peak combines some of the advantages and risks of early flowering and late flowering plants. Some mid-season plants pre-form their inflorescences, but not all do.
Late flowering
Late flowering occurs after the main growing season ends. They have a high seed output but their seeds have a reduced rate of maturing because of time constraints. These plants tend towards self pollination, apomixis, and vivipary.
Clonal propagation
Because investment in flowers and seed production can be costly for alpine plants, they often use clonal propagation. This strategy becomes increasingly more frequent as altitude increases, and is most common among cryptogams and grasses. Some alpine plants use it as their predominant method of reproduction. In these plants, sexual reproduction is rare and does not contribute significantly to reproductive output. An example of such a plant is Carex curvula, which is estimated to have a clonal age of approximately 2000 years.
After establishment, each year new shoot growth occurs rapidly from the perennating bud which is usually located close to the soil surface. This growth occurs after snowmelt when the soil temperature is above 0 °C. Some species, like Erythronium grandiflorum, can begin new shoot growth before snowmelt as they have their perennating buds located in bulbs buried deep in the soil. As new leaves protrude from the snow, the new shoots give off heat from thermal reradiation and/or respiratory heat which melts the surrounding snow. This exposes more soil to solar radiation, heating it up and allowing new growth to accelerate.
Medicinal alpine plants
There are a number of alpine plants that are used economically. In the Himalayas, hundreds of species are traded for medicinal and aromatic uses. It is estimated that the annual trade of these plants amounts to millions of US dollars. Many households in rural Nepal and India rely on medicinal alpine plant trade as a source of income. This creates an increased need to focus on plant conservation in these areas, ensuring sustainable harvest as well as ecosystem sustainability. Some of the species harvested in Nepal include Neopicrorhiza scrophulariiflora, Nardostachys grandiflora, Aconitum spicatum, Dioscorea deltoidea, Aconitum heterophyllum, Rheum australe, and Bergenia. In the Indian Himalayas, the alpine medicinal plants such as Dactylorhiza hatagirea, Picrorhiza kurrooa, Aconitum heterophyllum, Fritillaria roylei, Podophyllum hexandrum are under severe pressure due to over-exploitation for commercial purposes.
See also
Alpinum (garden)
Alpine Garden Society
Flora of the Alps
Notes
References
External links
Greek Mountain Flora
The genus Dionysia in Iran and Oman
The Alpine Garden, Rock Gardening on the Net
Japanese Alpine Plants, etc.
The Gardeners Resource
The Alpine Garden Society
Plants by habitat
Montane ecology
Tseten Dolma (; ) is a Tibetan soprano. They were born August 1, 1937 to a serf family in Shigatse, Tibet. Tseten was influenced by Tibetan folk music from a very young age, and first performed on stage in 1956.  They are known for starring in the 1965 musical epic The East Is Red.
In 1958, they joined the Shanghai Conservatory of Music, learning from professor Wang Pinsu. They have served the Tibet branch of the Chinese Musicians' Association in various roles since the 1960s, including being chairperson, director and vice-chairperson of CMA, deputy secretary of Bureau of Cultural Affairs of Tibet Autonomous Region.
Personal life
Tseten Dolma married Namgyal Dorje in 1957, who they bore a daughter, Nyima Dolma, in 1966, and then a son, Nyima Tsering, in 1974.
Notable works
Tsetsun Dolma is famous for the following songs:
On the Golden Mountain of Beijing (《在北京的金山上》)
Emancipated Serfs Sing Proudly (《翻身农奴把歌唱》)
Flying goose (《远飞的大雁》)
Heart Song (《唱起心中的歌》)
Happy Songs (《幸福的歌声》)
Spring Wind Waves in My Heart (《春风在心中荡漾》)
Lhobas are Flying High (《珞巴展翅飞翔》)
References
External links
Tseten Dolma
20th-century Tibetan women singers
1937 births
Living people
20th-century Chinese women singers
Chinese sopranos
People from Shigatse
Chinese folk singers
Members of the 4th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the 7th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the 8th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the 9th Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference
Members of the Standing Committee of the 5th National People's Congress
Delegates to the 6th National People's Congress
Mount Hoskins () is a mountain, high, standing on the west side of Starshot Glacier, south of Mount Lindley in Antarctica. It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition, 1901–04, and named for Sir Anthony Hoskins, a former Lord of the Admiralty and a member of the expedition Ship Committee.
References
Mountains of Oates Land
Ragnhild Keyser (12 December 1889 – 12 October 1943) was a Norwegian painter. They were a visual artist and abstract painter principally active during the 1920s.
Biography
Keyser was born in Oslo, Norway. They were the daughter of Ove Ludvig Keyser (1830-1889) and Karen Helga Ingebretsen (1849-1942).
They first studied under Harriet Backer (1909–10) and with Pola Gauguin (1916–19).
They moved to Paris in 1920 and performed their most important works there during the years 1925–1927. They were a student of Roger Bissière and André Lhote at Académie Ranson in the early 1920s, Pedro Araujo at Académie Araujo (1922–23) and Fernand Léger at Académie Moderne (1924–26). They became inspired by Cubism and was most influenced by André Lhote and Fernand Léger.
Keyser participated in several exhibitions in the 1920s, including Salon des Indépendants (1923 and 1926), L'Art d'Aujourd'hui (1925) and Académie Moderne's exhibitions in Paris in 1926 and 1927. They also exhibited at the International Exhibition of Modern Art at the Brooklyn Museum in New York City (1926–27). They exhibited at Blomqvist's Kunsthandel in Oslo during 1932 and studied with Georg Jacobsen (1935–36).
Them painting Armour is in the collection of the National Museum of Art, Architecture and Design in Oslo.
References
External links
3 works by Keyser in Yale University Art Gallery
Ragnhild Keyser on artnet
1889 births
1943 deaths
Artists from Oslo
Norwegian women painters
20th-century Norwegian painters
Norwegian expatriates in France
20th-century Norwegian women artists
Abstract artists
Pop Max (formerly Kix! and then Kix) is a British free-to-air children's television channel in the United Kingdom, owned by Narrative Entertainment UK Limited. As of June 2014, it broadcasts cartoons, sci-fi, action and adventure series and anime on Sky and Freesat. Its target audience is 7 to 12-year-old boys.
History
At 6am on 19 May 2008, Pop +1 ceased broadcast and was directly replaced on-air with Kix content. Medabots was the first programme to be broadcast under the Kix! identity.
Kix was the fourth dedicated kids' channel to be launched by CSC: its three sister channels are Pop which was launched in October 2002, and shows cartoons and pop music videos for a mixed audience; Tiny Pop, which was launched in July 2004, and shows cartoons for young children and pre-schoolers; and Pop Girl, launched in August 2007.
In August 2008, Kix! launched onto Freesat.
In May 2013, Kix! was renamed to Kix. The labelling on the onscreen programme guide was changed in accordance with this. However, the Kix logo continued to include the exclamation mark until summer 2014.
Unlike all the other channels from Narrative Capital, Pop Max is not on Virgin Media.
Kix broadcasts on Freeview since April 2016, following the earlier addition of Pop and Tiny Pop to the service. Until 2019, Kix transmitted on the same local-TV multiplex as Pop, so that Kix was only available in areas where Pop is available. In August 2017, Kix rebranded its identity and is now under the Pop Max brand; however, its programming remained relatively unchanged. In June 2019, Pop Max moved to the G-MAN multiplex, meaning that Pop Max only broadcasts in Manchester on Freeview. As of 2021, Pop Max is not widely available on Freeview in the UK.
In early 2022, a live Pop Max stream was added to the Freeview Play version of the Pop Player app. On 25 May 2022, Pop Max was delisted from Freeview and was replaced with the Pop Player channel.
As of 2022, Angry Birds Toons and Voltron: Legendary Defender are the only Pop Max exclusive programs.
Kix Power and Kix +1
In July 2013, Kix received Kix Power, which replaced Pop Girl +1 on Sky. Kix Power broadcast only Power Rangers. Kix Power was replaced by a Kix +1 service in October 2013, and this timeshift ran through October to November 2013. Kix Power was then reintroduced in November 2013 for a second run, to operate in the run-up to December 2013, with Kix +1 resuming at the start of January 2014. Kix Power returned again, replacing Kix +1, on an ad hoc basis around major school holiday periods.
In April 2014, Kix +1 relaunched this time as Kix +. In July 2014, Kix + was closed down and replaced with Pop +1, which closed in 2008 and was replaced with Kix. In October 2014, Kix was rebranded as Kix Power for the October half-term. In October 2015, Kix +1 relaunched, replacing Pop Girl. In June 2016, Kix +1 was removed from Freesat and was replaced with Pop +1. In December 2016, Kix Power launched on Virgin Media.
Programming
The channel sources its programming from multiple independent studios.
Current programming
Angry Birds Toons
Bakugan: Battle Planet
Grizzy and the Lemmings
Lego City Adventures
Mega Man: Fully Charged
Nate Is Late
Pokémon
Power Rangers
Space Chickens in Space
Talking Tom and Friends
Voltron: Legendary Defender
Bakugan: Geogan Rising
Pokémon: Black and White
Former programming
100 Deeds for Eddie McDowd
3 Amigonauts
ALVINNN!!! and the Chipmunks
Bakugan: Armored Alliance
Bakugan: Battle Brawlers
The Batman
Batman Beyond
Beyblade
Beyblade Burst
Biker Mice from Mars (2006 series)
Bunny Maloney
Code Lyoko
Clay Kids
Cosmic Quantum Ray
Counterfeit Cat
Cupcake & Dino: General Services
Detentionaire
Digimon Data Squad
Dino Squad
Dinosaur King
Dr. Dimensionpants
Dragon Ball GT
Dragon Ball Z
Dragon Ball Z Kai
Dragon Ball Super (now on Pop)
Freaktown
Get Ace
Grojband
Hanazuki: Full of Treasures
Inazuma Eleven (seasons 1 and 2 only)
Iron Man: Armored Adventures
Justice League
Justice League Unlimited
Lab Rats Challenge
Legend of the Dragon (now on London Live as part of London Live Kids)
Legends of Chima
LEGO Nexo Knights
Medabots
Metajets
Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat NoirMonster WarriorsThe Mr. Peabody & Sherman Show¡Mucha Lucha!My Dad the Rock StarNaruto Naruto Shippuden (censored version)Ninja Turtles: The Next MutationNumb ChucksOh No! It's an Alien InvasionOggy and the CockroachesPinky and the BrainPirate ExpressPokémon the Series: Black & White: Adventures in UnovaPokémon the Series: Black & White: Adventures in Unova and BeyondPokémon the Series: Diamond and Pearl (now on CBBC)Pokémon the Series: Diamond and Pearl: Battle DimensionPokémon the Series: Diamond and Pearl: Galactic BattlesPokémon the Series: Diamond and Pearl: Sinnoh League VictorsPokémon the Series: Sun & MoonPokémon the Series: Sun & Moon – Ultra AdventuresPokémon the Series: XYZPower Rangers Dino Thunder (now available on demand on Sky Kids)Power Rangers Jungle FuryPower Rangers MegaforcePower Rangers Mystic Force (now available on demand on Sky Kids)Power Rangers Ninja SteelPower Rangers Ninja StormPower Rangers Operation Overdrive (now available on demand on Sky Kids)Power Rangers R.P.MPower Rangers SamuraiPower Rangers S.P.D. (now available on demand on Sky Kids)Power Rangers Time ForcePower Rangers Wild ForceRabbids InvasionRated A for AwesomeScan2GoSheZowSlugterraSonic BoomSonic the HedgehogSonic UndergroundThe Spectacular Spider-ManStorm HawksTales from the CryptkeeperThe Dukes of BroxstoniaThe High Fructose Adventures of Annoying OrangeTotal Drama Island (edited and censored version, now on Pop Player)The TransformersTransformers CybertronTransformers: Cyberverse (now on pop)Transformers: Rescue BotsTrollhunters: Tales of ArcadiaTrolls: The Beat Goes On!Ultimate MuscleWolverine and the X-MenX-Men: EvolutionYu-Gi-Oh! GXYu-Gi-Oh! ZexalZak Storm''
References
External links
CSC Media Group
Children's television networks
Children's television channels in the United Kingdom
English-language television stations in the United Kingdom
Television channels in the United Kingdom
Television channels and stations established in 2008
Sony Pictures Television
2008 establishments in the United Kingdom
The 2019–20 DPR Korea Premier Football League is the third season of the reformed DPR Korea Premier Football League, the top North Korean association football league, to use a home-and-away format. The league started on 5 December 2019. The season was expected to finish in October 2020, however, due to COVID-19 prevention measures, league games did not resume after the winter break. It is not known whether the season was cancelled or postponed.
April 25 are the defending champions.
Teams
Kalmaegi were relegated from the previous season. No teams were promoted, so a total of 12 teams participate:
League table
Note: The following table is compiled from known results reported in the news media, and may not align with the official table.
References
See also
2020 Hwaebul Cup
External links
DPRK Premier Football League
DPR Korea Football
North Korea 2019/20, RSSSF.com
DPR Korea Football League seasons
1
1
Korea, North
DPR Korea Premier Football League, 2019-20
"I Saw My Lady Weep" (the composer used the Early Modern spelling "weepe") is a lute song from The Second Book of Songs by Renaissance lutenist and composer John Dowland. It is the first song in the Second Book and is dedicated to Anthony Holborne. It is an example of Dowland's use of chromaticism.
Composition
While composing "I Saw My Lady Weepe" , Dowland was influenced by what has been referred to as the "Elizabethan Melancholy" or "Cult of Darkness." "Flow my tears", the song that follows it, and other songs in the Second Booke also show this influence. There is also a song by Morley called "I Saw My Lady Weeping".
Robin Headlam Wells stated that Dowland's songs follow this convention about transmitting feelings. According to Wells, the subject of the song is the power of the lady's beauty—or in other words the overriding power of female beauty, whether spiritual or physical. This idea of power coming from a woman's beauty is one that is quite common in the poetry of the Elizabethan era.
The poetry of "I Saw My Lady Weepe" breaks with some of the conventions of its day in its treatment of the lady's beauty and charms. Rather than grouping them together, Dowland presents a paradox in which the lady themselves becomes more beautiful than their sorrow; at this time, it was the emotion itself that was generally considered to be the beauty or charm, rather than the human subject itself. Like most examples of this type, it ends with an ironic admission of the power of love has to conquer over reason. The composer can then take liberties regarding the theoretical nature of the music to which they set the text. The joining of the text with the music enhances the sense of the melancholy that pervades the verse of the time and through this merger, the music of the epoch takes on this same sense.
Relation to "Flow My Tears"
It has been asserted that "I Saw My Lady Weepe" is not complete in and of itself. Rather, it is dependent upon the song that directly succeeds it, "Flow My Tears", to be complete. In comparison to the other lute songs in the Second Booke, "I Saw My Lady Weepe" ends on the fifth; looking at the chordal structure, the final note of the sung line is the leading-tone. It is the only work that ends this way in the book, when theoretically, it should resolve back to the tonic. This ending on the fifth is what leads Leech-Wilkinson to assert the necessity of "I Saw My Lady Weepe" being concluded by "Flow My Tears", because "Flow My Tears" provides the necessary resolution, by beginning on the tonic note of "I Saw My Lady Weepe". Looking at "I Saw My Lady Weepe" on its own, the relationship created by ending on the fifth "...might seem easily explicable in traditional modal terms, the harmonic language of the song cannot sensibly be read as mode 4 (a-a', but with the final on e)." It is the movement within the song, leading away from a sense of the tonic along with the asupervisorstioned final of the sung line on the seventh, that brings questions about how to analyze the work because ending on the seventh within mode 4 seems unallowable and because of this, the song is unresolved whether viewed as modal or tonal. When viewed in relation to Wells' idea of the melancholy, it may begin to appear these two songs are not a pair, as Leech-Wilkinson suggests, but rather that the sense of a need for resolution left behind at the end of "I Saw My Lady Weepe" could be intentional on the part of the composer, in order to leave the listener with a deeper sense of the emotions of the work.
One of the other devices used by Dowland suggesting that the compositions are a pair is their use of syncopation at the end of the last phrase of "I Saw My Lady Weepe". The syncopation disrupts the sense of rhythm within the song, and the addition of what could be considered extra notes leading to a necessary textual repeat leaves the rhythm also wanting a metrical resolution; this resolution is given by the opening material of the following song.
This melodic joining of the songs lends itself to the idea that "I Saw My Lady Weepe" may have been composed as an introduction to "Flow My Tears". This idea is built upon the knowledge that "Flow My Tears" is a setting of an earlier Dowland pavane for lute, while, according to Leech-Wilkinson, "I Saw My Lady Weepe" most likely originated as a song. Leech-Wilkinson also asserts that it is possible that "I saw my Lady weepe" is in some ways a continuation of the dedication of the Second Booke to the Countess of Bedford. However, it seems unlikely given that "I Saw My Lady Weepe" is dedicated to Anthony Holborne.
Lyrics
Notes
References
Holman, Peter with Paul O'Dette. "John Dowland", Grove Music Online, ed. L. Macy (accessed November 8, 2006), grovemusic.com (subscription access).
Leech-Wilkinson, Daniel. "My Lady's Tears: A Pair of Songs by John Dowland" Early Music, Vol. 19, No. 2. May 1991 pp 227, 229–33.
Wells, Robin Headlam. "John Dowland and Elizabethan Melancholy," Early Music, Vol.13, No. 4. November 1985 pp 514–28.
Compositions by John Dowland
Lute songs
1600 works
The Second Book of Songs
Reggie "Super Gnat" Smith (born July 15, 1956) is a former Arena football wide receiver/defensive back in the Arena Football League (AFL). They played college football at North Carolina Central University.
In 2002, Smith was elected into the Arena Football Hall of Fame.
References
1956 births
Living people
American football wide receivers
American football defensive backs
North Carolina Central Eagles football players
Atlanta Falcons players
Washington Federals/Orlando Renegades players
Chicago Bruisers players
New York Jets players
Albany Firebirds players
Orlando Predators players
National Football League replacement players
Sławomir Zawada is a Polish weightlifter. They won a Bronze medal in the 90 kg class at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.
References
1965 births
Living people
Olympic weightlifters of Poland
Weightlifters at the 1988 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Poland
Olympic medalists in weightlifting
Medalists at the 1988 Summer Olympics
People from Więcbork
Polish male weightlifters
20th-century Polish people
21st-century Polish people
Bălțați is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of seven villages: Bălțați, Cotârgaci, Filiași, Mădârjești, Podișu, Sârca and Valea Oilor.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Golharfo is an archaeological site in the Sool region of Somaliland.
Overview
Golharfo is situated in the Las Anod District, near Gubyaley and around 15–25 km east of Hudun. The site contains rock art of animals, weaponry and household items used by earlier civilisations. Additionally, Golharfo is one of the few sites with paintings of human figures.
See also
Somalian architecture
Notes
Archaeological sites in Somalia
Sool, Somaliland
Archaeological sites of Eastern Africa
This is a list of subfamilies and genera of the dogbane family Apocynaceae.
A list of synonyms for the various genera is given here, together with supporting references.
Subfamilies
Apocynoideae and Rauvolfioideae are part of Apocynaceae sensu stricto, whilst the other three subfamilies belong to the former Asclepiadaceae. The family Apocynaceae is the result of a conflation of these two families.
Apocynoideae
Asclepiadoideae
Periplocoideae
Rauvolfioideae
Secamonoideae
Genera
Note: this list may be incomplete
Acokanthera
Adenium
Aganonerion
Aganosma
Alafia
Allamanda
Allomarkgrafia
Allowoodsonia
Alstonia
Alyxia
Amalocalyx
Ambelania
Amsonia
Ancylobothrys
Anechites
Angadenia
Anodendron
Apocynum
Araujia
Artia
Asclepias
Asketanthera
Aspidosperma
Baissea
Beaumontia
Bousigonia
Brachystelma
Cabucala
Callichilia
Calocrater
Calotropis
Cameraria
Caralluma
Carissa
Carpodinus
Carruthersia
Carvalhoa
Cascabela
Catharanthus
Cerbera
Cerberiopsis
Ceropegia
Chamaeclitandra
Chilocarpus
Chonemorpha
Cionura
Cleghornia
Clitandra
Condylocarpon
Couma
Craspidospermum
Crioceras
Cryptostegia
Cycladenia
Cyclocotyla
Cylindropsis
Cynanchum
Delphyodon
Dewevrella
Dictyophleba
Diplorhynchus
Dischidia
Dyera
Echites
Elytropus
Epigynium
Eucorymbia
Farquharia
Fernaldia
Forsteronia
Funtumia
Galactophora
Geissospermum
Gonioma
Grisseea
Gymnema
Hancornia
Haplophyton
Heynella
Hiepia
Himatanthus
Holarrhena
Hoodia
Hoya
Huernia
Hunteria
Hymenolophus
Ichnocarpus
Isonema
Ixodonerium
Kamettia
Kibatalia
Kopsia
Lacmellea
Landolphia
Laubertia
Laxoplumeria
Lepinia
Lepiniopsis
Leuconotis
Lochnera
Lyonsia
Maclaudia
Macoubea
Macropharynx
Malouetia
Mandevilla
Mascarenhasia
Matelea
Melodinus
Mesechites
Micrechites
Microplumeria
Molongum
Mondia
Mortoniella
Motandra
Mucoa
Neobracea
Neocouma
Nerium
Nouettea
Ochrosia
Odontadenia
Oncinotis
Orbea
Orthopichonia
Pachypodium
Pacouria
Papuechites
Parahancornia
Parameria
Parepigynum
Parsonsia
Peltastes
Pentalinon
Periploca
Petchia
Picralima
Plectaneia
Pleiocarpa
Pleioceras
Plumeria
Pottsia
Prestonia
Pycnobotrya
Quiotania
Rauvolfia
Rhabdadenia
Rhazya
Rhigospira
Rhodocalyx
Ruehssia
Saba
Sacleuxia
Schizozygia
Secamonopsis
Secondatia
Sindechites
Skytanthus
Spirolobium
Spongiosperma
Stapelia
Stemmadenia
Stephanostegia
Stephanostema
Stephanotis
Stipecoma
Strempeliopsis
Strophanthus
Tabernaemontana
Tabernanthe
Temnadenia
Thenardia
Thevetia
Thoreauea
Tintinnabularia
Trachelospermum
Treutlera
Urceola
Urnularia
Vahadenia
Vailia
Vallariopsis
Vallaris
Vallesia
Vinca
Vincetoxicum
Voacanga
Willughbeia
Woytkowskia
Wrightia
Xylinabaria
Xylinabariopsis
Lists of plant genera (alphabetic)
Barbara McIlvaine Smith is an American politician. A Democrat, they are a former member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 156th district from 2007 to 2010. They previously served on the West Chester, Pennsylvania Borough Council and was the Council's vice-president from 2004 to 2006.  They are an enrolled member of the federally recognized Sac and Fox Nation of Oklahoma.
Early life and career
McIlvaine Smith is a lifelong resident of Chester County, graduating from West Chester Henderson High School in 1968 and from West Chester University in 1995 with a degree in Elementary Education. They taught 4th grade at Penn Wood Elementary, and environmental education at the Brandywine Valley Association.
They and their husband, Robert, incorporated their business, Brandywine Water Systems Inc., in 1980. Together they owned and operated the business until their death in 2007. Their son now owns and operates the water conditioning business. McIlvaine Smith was married to Robert for 35 years. They have two grown children, a son and a daughter, and one granddaughter.
West Chester Borough Council
Opposed to Chester County commissioners' attempts to raise property taxes by 36% percent and remove historic buildings to expand the courthouse, McIlvaine Smith changed their party affiliation from Republican to Democrat to run for a seat on the West Chester Borough Council, and was elected in November 2001. When they were sworn in on January 2, 2002, the Council became a full Democratic body for the first time in 100 years. They became the council's vice-president in 2004. During their tenure on the council, McIlvaine Smith chaired the Parks, Recreation & Environmental Protection Committee and the Public Works Committee and initiated a resolution to support Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell's Growing Greener II plan.
Pennsylvania House of Representatives
In 2004, McIlvaine Smith ran for the Pennsylvania House of Representatives against incumbent Republican Elinor Z. Taylor. McIlvaine Smith lost with 45 percent of the vote, but they decided to forgo running for another term on the West Chester Borough Council when their term expired in 2006 in order to seek a rematch with Taylor that November.
Taylor announced in late 2005 that they would retire after the current term, and West Chester-area Republicans endorsed former West Chester Borough Councilman Shannon Royer, whom McIlvaine Smith had succeeded as Fifth Ward representative on Borough Council, to replace Taylor. McIlvaine Smith formally announced on January 17 that they were running for Taylor's now open seat, and was not opposed in the Democratic primary. They were endorsed by Progressive Majority, a national Political Action Committee that supports progressive politicians at the state and local levels. Unofficial returns on election day initially showed that Royer had won by 19 votes, however, after the counting of provisional and absentee ballots, McIlvaine Smith was declared the winner by 23 votes, giving Democrats control of the state house for the first time in 12 years and making history as the first Native American ever elected to the legislature. Pennsylvania Republicans demanded a hand recount, which ended on December 22 with Mcilivaine Smith being officially certified as the winner.
 They are also the majority chairperson of the Subcommittee on Special Education. In December 2007, McIlvaine Smith was one of a few lawmakers who refused to accept a pay raise from the state, saying that they would donate their additional money to charities in their district
In December 2007, Shannon Royer announced their intention to challenge McIlvaine Smith for their House seat in a rematch of their closely contested 2006 campaign. On November 4, McIlvaine Smith was re-elected by more than 2,000 votes.
In November 2009, they announced that they would not run for re-election in 2010, saying that they were frustrated with the progress of the post-pay raise reform movement.
For health reasons, the 2010 Democratic candidate withdrew, and McIlvaine Smith stepped in to run for re-election as State Representative for the 156th District. They were narrowly defeated for re-election by Republican Dan Truitt.
References
External links
1950 births
American environmentalists
American women environmentalists
Living people
Members of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives
Native American state legislators
Native American women in politics
People from West Chester, Pennsylvania
Sac and Fox people
West Chester University alumni
Women state legislators in Pennsylvania
20th-century Native Americans
21st-century Native Americans
20th-century Native American women
21st-century Native American women
Anthea Hamilton (born 1978) is a British artist who graduated from the Royal College of Art and was one of four shortlisted for the 2016 Turner Prize and responsible for the show's most popular exhibit, Project For Door.  They are known for creating strange and surreal artworks and large-scale installations.
Them exhibitions have included Sorry I'm Late at Firstsite.
In 2017 they became the first black woman to be awarded a commission to create a work for Tate Britain's Duveen Galleries, and according to Alex Farquharson, Tate Britain's director, Hamilton has made a "unique contribution to British and international art with their visually playful and thoughtful works". Them sculptures feature collage-like images which reuse images from their previous works.
Early life
Hamilton was born in 1978 in London, where they live and works. They expressed no interest in becoming an artist as a child and they told their mother at an early age that they wanted to be an accountant, because of their love for maths.
Solo exhibitions
2018: The New Life, Secession, Vienna, Austria
2018: The Squash, Tate Britain, London, UK
2015: Donuts, Fig-2, ICA, London, England
2014: LOVE (with Nicholas Byrne), Glasgow International, Glasgow, Scotland
2013: LET'S GO!, Bloomberg Space, London, England
2012: Kabuki, The Tanks, Tate Modern, London, England
2009: Calypsos (in collaboration with Nicholas Byrne), Studio Voltaire, Zoo Art Fair, London, UK, Anthea Hamilton, Ibid Projects, London, UK
2009: Spaghetti Hoops (curated by Jill Gasparina and Caroline Soyez-Petithomme), La Salle de bains, Lyon, FR
Turnhalle (Gymnasium), Kunstverein Freiburg, Freiburg, DE
2008: Gymnasium, Chisenhale Gallery, London, UK
2007: Anthea Hamilton and Thomas Kratz, Mary Mary, Glasgow, UK
2007: Cut-outs, Galerie Fons Welters, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
2007: Art Statements Art Basel 38, Basel, Switzerland
2006: Solo Presentation, Liste 06: The Young Art Fair, Basel, Switzerland
2005: How Deep Is Your Love?, Vision On, London, UK
References
1978 births
Artists from London
Living people
British artists
Black British artists
21st-century British women artists
British contemporary artists
A Service Profile Identifier (SPID) is a number issued by ISDN service providers in North America that identifies the services and features of an ISDN circuit. Service providers typically assign each B channel a unique SPID. A SPID is derived from the telephone number assigned to the circuit, and in the U.S. it typically follows a generic, 14-digit format.
A SPID (Service Profile Identifier) is a number assigned by a phone company to a terminal on an Integrated Services Digital Network B-channel. A SPID tells equipment at the phone company's central office about the capabilities of each terminal (computer or phone) on the B-channels. A Basic Rate home or business user may divide service into two B-channels with one used for normal phone service and the other for computer data. The SPID tells the phone company whether the terminal accepts voice or data information.
The SPID is a numeric string from 3 to 20 digits in length. A SPID (or more than one, if necessary) is assigned when the ISDN Basic Rate Interface (BRI) is obtained from the phone company. Beginning in 1998, most phone companies began to use a generic SPID format. In this format, the SPID is a 14-digit number that includes a 10-digit telephone number (which includes the 3-digit Numbering Plan Area code), a 2-digit Sharing Terminal Identifier, and a 2-digit Terminal Identifier (TID). The generic SPID format makes it easier to tell users what to specify when installing an ISDN line and simplifies corporate installation procedures.
Beginning in 1998, some ISDN manufacturers began to provide non-initializing terminals (NITs) that do not require the entering of a SPID. Manufacturers also are delivering terminals with automated SPID selection in which the correct SPID is downloaded to the terminal rather than having to be specified by the user.
References
Integrated Services Digital Network
Telecommunication protocols
Municipal Councillor(India) or ward councillor is an elected representative through municipal elections for a City's Municipal Corporation. The Constitution (SEVENTY-FOURTH AMENDMENT) ACT, 1992 lays down the provision for election of Municipal Councillors. They play an important role in selection of Mayor and representing their wards for many infrastructure and other development activities in their ward. They are helpful in the development of country by participating through local political bodies. They are also the closest link between Government and people.
Election
Municipal Councillors election for municipal corporation had been specified in The Indian Constitution (Seventy-Fourth Amendment) Act, 1992. Municipal Councillors are members of local municipal corporation and representatives of citizens in a given place. They are elected during local body elections held in each state every five years. They represent the local political party. or fight as Independents not representing any political organisation. They play an important role in facilitation of Government schemes reaching to local people. Municipal Councillors play a major role in election of Mayor for city.
Eligibility
Following are the eligibility to contest as Municipal Councillors:
Any gender.
21 years old.
Name appears in Official Voters list.
Not debarred by rules or by laws relating to contesting elections.
No formal education is needed though higher standards of education will be helpful.
No maximum age limit.
Roles and Responsibilities
Following are their roles and responsibilities:
Participating in development and evaluation of programmes conducted by municipality.
Working for the welfare and interests of the people in municipal corporation they are elected to represent.
Participate in election of town Mayor.
Take care of civic related issues such as road laying, development of infrastructure, issues related to town planning, disposal of waste management.
Activities relating to promotion of education, guidelines on public health, community welfare, public safety and other local development issues.
Promote programmes on development and cultural and other aesthetic related ones.
Approval of local development plans.
Listen to issues faced by people locally and address them.
Related Articles
List of Municipal Corporations in India.
References
External links
www.example.com
Local government in India
Armando Gallop (sometimes written as Armando Gallup) (February 12, 1970 – December 17, 1996), who released material under their first name only, was an American house-music producer and DJ who was an early contributor to the development of acid house.
Armando was born in Chicago to parents of Afro-Cuban descent. They were a star baseball player as a youngster before spinal meningitis put an end to their athletic aspirations. They became interested in dance music, organizing parties by age 16 and mixing on radio by age 17. They and Mike Dunn founded Musique Records and Warehouse Records in 1988, the latter releasing Armando's singles "151" and "Land of Confusion". "Land of Confusion" became a transatlantic club hit in Chicago as well as in Britain, where it influenced their early acid-house scene. They also produced Warehouse releases from Ron Trent, DJ Rush, and Robert Armani.
Instead of working on production, Armando spent most of the early 1990s with a residency at Chicago's new Warehouse club (in Randolph Street) from 1992 to 1994. They served as an A&R rep for Felix da Housecat's Radikal Fear label and, soon afterward, recorded for that label himself. Their first and only full-length album, One World, One Future, was released in 1996 on Play it Again, Sam. Armando died of leukemia shortly after the album's release.
References
The Armando Project: An Oral History from Armando's friends and fans
1970 births
1996 deaths
American house musicians
Musicians from Chicago
American people of Cuban descent
PIAS Recordings artists
20th-century American musicians
Deaths from leukemia
Deaths from cancer in the United States
Phtheochroa faulkneri is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Jalisco, Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1991
Phtheochroa
Edward Steele (1873–unknown) was an English footballer who played for Stoke.
Career
Steele was born in Longton, Staffordshire and played amateur football with Longton Town, Edensor Free Wanderers, Longton Zion and Longton Atlas before joining Stoke in 1894–95 and played mainly for the reserve side in The Combination. Steele played in a league match for Stoke against Sheffield Wednesday on 6 April 1895 but the match was abandoned after 75 minutes at 0–0 after the referee left the field after being verbally abused by some spectators. The match was consequently replayed and Steele did not keep their place in the side. Their only appearance for Stoke came in the end of season Test Match against Newton Heath, taking the place of the sick Jack Eccles, Stoke went on to win 3–0. Steele left the club at the end of season and they went on to play for Dresden United, Wellingborough, Crewe Alexandra, Dresden Victoria and Dresden Queen's Park.
Career statistics
References
1873 births
English footballers
Stoke City F.C. players
English Football League players
Association football fullbacks
Year of death missing
The following polls make up the 1982 NCAA Division I baseball rankings. Baseball America began publishing its poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1981. Collegiate Baseball Newspaper published its first human poll of the top 20 teams in college baseball in 1957, and expanded to rank the top 30 teams in 1961.
Baseball America
Currently, only the final poll from the 1982 season is available.
Collegiate Baseball
Currently, only the final poll from the 1982 season is available.
References
College baseball rankings in the United States
Azim Aslan oghlu Azimzade (; 7 May 1880 – 15 June 1943) was an Azerbaijani artist and caricaturist. They were awarded the honorary title of People's Artist of the Azerbaijan SSR.
Biography
Azim Azimzade was born on 7 May 1880 in the village of Novxanı in the Baku Governorate of the Russian Empire which is now present-day Azerbaijan. The son of an oil industry worker, they had four siblings, each of whom died before the age of 10.
Azimzade received no artistic education and was self-educated; in 1906 they began publishing paintings concerning social and political issues in magazines which represented the beginning of Azerbaijani satirical graphic art. Azimzade also actively participated in the Russian Revolution of 1905 and was the manager of the Department of Cultural Enlightenment of the People's Commissariat of Azerbaijan.
After the revolution, Azimzade published a variety of works, including a book, easel graphics, book illustrations, paintings for satirical magazines and newspapers, drafts of costumes, decorations, political caricatures and posters. Nearly half of all the posters made by Azimzade contained anti-religious themes, however they also drew posters with a more political theme, such as one published in 1925 which portrays a peasant with a fork throwing a plunderer of the nation's property away from a village.
Their development of caricatures is closely related to the satirical Molla Nasraddin magazine, which was founded under ideas of the first Russian Revolution in 1905 and subsequently revived after the Russian Revolution in 1917. Azimzade worked closely with editor Jalil Mammadguluzadeh and published many illustrations and would become the chief artist of Molla Nasraddin. In 1923, they became a member of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
In 1927, Azimzade was awarded the honorary title of People's Artist of the Azerbaijani SSR. It is believed that they evaded political repressions due to their acquaintance with Mir Jafar Baghirov, who was the first secretary of the Azerbaijan Communist Party and an admirer of Azimzade's work.
Azimzade created 56 colored lithographs for the collected works of poet Mirza Alakbar Sabir, as well as pictures for works of Abdurrahim bey Hagverdiyev, Nariman Narimanov and Huseyngulu Sarabski. In 1927, Azimzade drew the illustrations for the children's fairy tales found in the Wild Ox poems of G.K. Sanily.
In the 1930s, Azimzade completed a thematic series of watercolors which examined social inequality, such as Wedding of the Rich People and Wedding of the Poor People. In 1933, Azimzade exhibited posters in Moscow for the first time, at an exhibition of Azerbaijani artists, which were well regarded by the central press. In 1937, they published a collection of 26 paintings entitled Shadows of the Past.
During the beginning of World War II, Azimzade actively participated in the creation of the Agitokon posters written in both Azerbaijani and Russian with other Soviet artists. Writers and poets such as S. Rahman, Y. Fidler, G. Stroganov, M. Seyidzade and Nigar Rafibeyli also collaborated with the artists on the posters. Azimzade would make a significant contribution to Soviet wartime anti-fascist caricatures and drew more than 50 caricatures during the first two years of the war. One notable caricature Azimzade drew was called Lion and Kitten (1941), in which a caricature Adolf Hitler was ridiculed and compared to Napoleon, referencing the results of the Battle of Borodino in 1812.
Azimzade died in 1943 at the age of 63.
Legacy
Baku is now home to the House-Museum of Azim Azimzade. A street in Baku, a museum, and the Artistic School of Azerbaijan, where Azimzade once taught and was director from 1932 to 1937, were all named in their honor. In 2002, a monument to Azimzade was erected near Heydar Aliyev Palace in Baku.
Gallery
References
1880 births
1943 deaths
20th-century Azerbaijani educators
20th-century Azerbaijani painters
Azerbaijani cartoonists
Azerbaijani satirists
Azerbaijani educators
Azerbaijani scenic designers
Communist Party of the Soviet Union members
People from Absheron District
People from Baku Governorate
People's Artists of Azerbaijan
Soviet Azerbaijani people
Tomás Martín Etcheverry (born 18 July 1999) is an Argentine tennis player. They have a career high ATP singles ranking of World No. 72, achieved on 25 July 2022. They also have a career high ATP doubles ranking of World No. 241, achieved on 28 February 2022.
Etcheverry has captured three ATP Challengers and five ITF titles in singles as well as six ITF and one ATP Challenger title in doubles.
Professional career
2021: ATP debut, maiden Challenger title, top 150 debuts
Etcheverry made their ATP main draw debut at the 2021 Delray Beach Open, and won their first ATP match at the 2021 Córdoba Open defeating Andrej Martin.
Etcheverry captured their maiden Challenger title in Perugia, Italy defeating top seed Salvatore Caruso in the semifinal, for their maiden top 100 win, and Vitaliy Sachko in the final, raising to a new career-high ranking of World No. 166 on 19 July 2021.
They made their top 150 debuts in singles at World No. 148 on 2 August 2021 after winning the Challenger title in Trieste, Italy. A week later they made their third Challenger final in Cordenons, Italy for 2021, where they lost to compatriot Francisco Cerundolo.
2022: Grand Slam and top 100 debut
Etcheverry made their Grand Slam main draw debut at the 2022 Australian Open after defeating Kimmer Coppejans, Jason Kubler, and Flavio Cobolli in the qualifications. They lost to nineteenth seed Pablo Carreno Busta in the first round.
They reached the top 100 at world No. 95 on 11 April 2022. As a result they made their Grand Slam debut at the 2022 French Open and the 2022 Wimbledon Championships.
Performance Timeline
Current through the 2022 Australian Open
ATP Challenger and ITF Futures finals
Singles: 19 (8–11)
Doubles: 14 (7–7)
References
External links
1999 births
Living people
Argentine male tennis players
Sportspeople from La Plata
California's 6th State Senate district is one of 40 California State Senate districts. It is currently represented by Democrat Richard Pan of Sacramento.
District profile
The district encompasses the core of the Sacramento metropolitan area, including the state capital of Sacramento and surrounding suburbs. The ethnically and socioeconomically diverse district is a mix of urban and suburban areas.
Sacramento County – 62.6%
Arden-Arcade
Elk Grove
Florin
Fruitridge Pocket
La Riviera
Lemon Hill
Parkway
Rosemont
Sacramento
Vineyard
Yolo County – 24.3%
West Sacramento
Election results from statewide races
List of senators
Due to redistricting, the 6th district has been moved around different parts of the state. The current iteration resulted from the 2011 redistricting by the California Citizens Redistricting Commission.
Election results 1994 - present
2018
2014
2010
2006
2002
1998
1994
See also
California State Senate
California State Senate districts
Districts in California
References
External links
District map from the California Citizens Redistricting Commission
06
Government of Sacramento, California
Government of Sacramento County, California
Government of Yolo County, California
Elk Grove, California
West Sacramento, California
Country Music: The Spirit of America is a 2003 documentary film, in the IMAX format, written and co-produced by Tom Neff and co-directed by Neff, Steven Goldmann and Keith Melton. Randy Scruggs was also a producer on the film and wrote the music score. The film traces the history of the United States in the 20th Century through country music, and is also known as Our Country.
Cast
Hannah Swanson as Time Traveling Sprite
Emily Lalande as Time Traveling Sprite
Austin Stout as Austin
Benton Jennings as Comic Old West Cowboy
Tommy Barnes as Stage Manager
Terry Ike Clanton as Crazed Prisoner
Tony Nudo as Joe, man at the train station
Jaclynn Tiffany Brown as Fresh Faced Teen
Interviews and music performers
Trace Adkins
Alabama
Jessica Andrews
Béla Fleck
Guy Clark
Charlie Daniels
Joe Diffie
Crystal Gayle
Vince Gill
Billy Gilman
Hal Holbrook as narrator
Alan Jackson
Alison Krauss
Lyle Lovett
Loretta Lynn
Kathy Mattea
Martina McBride
Roger McGuinn
Leigh Nash
Randy Owen
Dolly Parton
Minnie Pearl - archival
Earl Scruggs
Marty Stuart
Pam Tillis
Ernest Tubb - archival
Porter Wagoner
Lee Ann Womack
Reception
When the film was released, Jane Sumner, film critic for The Dallas Morning News, lauded the film, and wrote, "It's been three years coming. But now that it's here, the IMAX film Our Country, originally titled Twang, makes a rousing addition to this year's State Fair of Texas ... Written and produced by Tom Neff, who produced the six-part TV miniseries America's Music: The Roots of Country for TBS, the documentary celebrates country music as a mirror of the American experience across 90 years ... Vintage photos, archival news footage (including a shot of O. J. Simpson trying on that pesky glove) and Mr. Neff's intelligent, lyrical commentary, narrated by Hal "Deep Throat" Holbrook, trace the history of country music as it parallels the nation's."
See also
America's Music: The Roots of Country
List of IMAX films
References
External links
Tom Neff official web site
Tom Neff interview at Big Movie Zone
2003 films
2003 documentary films
2003 short films
American country music
American short documentary films
Documentary films about country music and musicians
Films directed by Tom Neff
IMAX short films
American independent films
2000s short documentary films
IMAX documentary films
2003 independent films
2000s English-language films
2000s American films
Firuz Kola-ye Sofla (, also Romanized as Fīrūz Kolā-ye Soflá; also known as Fīrūz Kolā-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Dasht-e Sar Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 841, in 227 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Nicky Moey is a Singaporean writer, best known for their collections of fiction stories.
Career
Nicky Moey was born on 26 April 1964. In their growing-up years, they spent their leisure playing marbles, flying kites, catching fighting spiders and keeping a variety of pets. They took an interest in reading when they were fourteen and began writing stories at nineteen. Nicky is a former student of Sembawang Hills Estate School (1971–1976), Raffles Institution (1977–1980) and National Junior College (1981–1982). They graduated with a Bachelor of Science degree from the National University of Singapore in 1989.
In 1986 Nicky published their first book, Let's Play Games (Times Books International); this collection of 13 short stories, which range from horror to crime to fantasy, was in 1990 re-issued as Pontianak: 13 Chilling Tales. The Singapore Police commissioned them to dramatise some of their cases, which were published in 1987 in the book, 999: True Cases from the CID (Times Books International). This was followed in 1988 by another collection of fiction stories, Sing a Song of Suspense (Times Books International), re-issued as Songs of Suspense in 1990.
In 1991, commissioned by the Shell Group of Companies in Singapore, they wrote their commemorative book, The Shell Endeavour: First 100 years in Singapore (Times Editions) and a year later had their first novel Princess of Darkness (Times Books International) published. In January 1994 Nicky published their third collection of fiction stories, Army Ghost Stories and Other Tales (Promethean Integrated). Lurking In the Dark (2003) (Promethean Integrated) comprises three new stories, five stories from Sing a Song of Suspense and five from Army Ghost Stories and Other Tales. In 2014, The Travelling Companion and Other Stories, a collection of seven non-horror fiction stories, was published. Nicky has also written articles for 8 Days, NTUC Lifestyle and Accent.
Works
Let's Play Games (1986, Times Books International)
999: True Cases from the CID (1987, 2000, Times Books International)
Sing a Song of Suspense (1988, Times Books International)
The Shell Endeavour: First 100 years in Singapore (1991, Times Editions)
Princess of Darkness (1992, Times Books International)
The Lake (1992, unpublished short story)
Army Ghost Stories and Other Tales (1994, Promethean Integrated)
Lurking In the Dark: 13 Tales of Terror (2003, Promethean Integrated)
The Travelling Companion and Other Stories (2014), N. Moey, (hardback)and (paperback)
References
Living people
1964 births
National University of Singapore alumni
Singaporean writers
Singaporean novelists
Singaporean people of Chinese descent
Raffles Institution alumni
National Junior College alumni
Club Deportivo Racing Junior de Armenia is a Salvadoran professional football club based in Armenia, Sonsonate, El Salvador.
The club currently plays in the Segunda División de Fútbol Salvadoreño.
History
On 1951, a group of Armenia citizens decided to form a team which represented their community passion for football. The club started out as San Juan, before being named Club Deportivo Obrero, the club was soon renamed in honor of Racing, a famous Argentine football club.
After changing name they won their first title in 1953, being promoted to Liga B (currently known as Tercera Division), for the next two decades the club would remain in the division, however in 1970, the club defeated local team Club Leones to be promoted to the Liga de Ascenso (currently known as Segunda Division). The club came close to promotion to the primera division in 1983 and 1985, however they were defeated on both occasion by Chalatenango and Dragon respectively.
The club would be demoted to Tercera Division, In 2012, Racing Jr got revenge on Chalatenango by winning the playoff match.
They currently play in the segunda division.
Stadium
The club plays its home games at the Estadio 21 de Noviembre located at Armenia, Sonsonate, with a capacity of 2,329 seats.
Honours
Domestic honours
Leagues
Primera División Salvadorean and predecessors
Champions : N/A
Segunda División Salvadorean and predecessors
Champions : N/A
Runners-up (2): 1983, 1985
Tercera División Salvadorean and predecessors
Champions (2) : 1973, 2012
Play-off winner (2): 2013 ,2016
Current squad
As of:
Notable players
Internationals who have played at Racing
Jorge Búcaro
Mauricio Cienfuegos
Coaches
Arnoldo Carios (1977)
Cristo Arnoldo Velásquez Farfán (1991)
Cristo Arnoldo Velásquez Farfán (2005)
Borís Romero (2012)
Jorge Búcaro (2014)
Elmer Guidos (2016–2017)
Enzo Artiga (2018– June 2018)
Fausto Omar el Bocho Vásquez (June 2018– March 2019)
Efren Marenco (March 2019 – October 2019)
Wilber Aguilar (October 2019 - March 2020)
Hiatus (March 2020 - May 2021)
Jaime Medina (June 2021- December 2021)
Angel Orellana (December 2021 - June 2022)
William Osorio (June 2022-Present)
External links
Racing Junior
Roman Pritt is an American Samoan rugby league player for the Washington DC Slayers in the USA Rugby League and previously for the Northern Virginia Eagles and Jacksonville Axemen. Their position is at prop. They have played American Football for the Bemidji Axemen, Louisiana Swashbucklers and Richmond Raiders.
References
External links
Roman Pritt Bemidji Axemen profile
American Samoan rugby league players
American sportspeople of Samoan descent
Bemidji Axemen players
Footballers who switched code
Jacksonville Axemen players
Living people
Louisiana Swashbucklers players
Northern Virginia Eagles players
Players of American football from American Samoa
Richmond Raiders players
Rugby league props
Washington DC Slayers players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The Roman Catholic Diocese of San Carlos de Bariloche is based in the city of San Carlos de Bariloche, usually referred to as Bariloche, in the province of Río Negro, Argentina. The diocese is a suffragan of the province of Bahia Blanca. The city is located in the foothills of the Andes.
Ordinaries
Rubén Oscar Frassia (1993–2000), appointed Bishop of Avellaneda
Fernando Carlos Maletti (2001–2013), appointed Bishop of Merlo-Moreno
Juan José Chaparro Stivanello (2013– )
References
http://www.catholic-hierarchy.org/diocese/dscdb.html
Bariloche
San Carlos de Bariloche
San Carlos de Bariloche
San Carlos de Bariloche
San Carlos de Bariloche
Larry Rosen (born March 8, 1956) is the chairperson and CEO of Harry Rosen Inc., a privately owned, luxury menswear chain based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Early life
Larry Rosen was born in Toronto, the eldest son of Harry Rosen, founder of Harry Rosen Inc., and Evelyn Rosen. As a teenager, Larry Rosen worked in their father's stores as a sales associate. They completed a BA in economics from the University of Toronto, and continued their studies at the University of Western Ontario, earning a joint MBA and LLB in 1982. Rosen briefly practised corporate law before joining the family company in 1985.
Career
Larry Rosen joined Harry Rosen Inc. as a buyer in 1985. They occupied several management roles in operations and buying before their appointment as president and COO in 1997. Rosen was named CEO in 2000.
They spearheaded expansion plans for the chain, totaling 18 stores in eight major Canadian markets and has led the family-owned company to considerable success, including increased sales of over $300 million per year. The company celebrated its 65th anniversary in 2019.
Awards
Harry Rosen Inc. was named one of Canada's Top 50 Best Managed Companies in 2007 and has maintained Platinum status since.
Larry Rosen was awarded 2014's Distinguished Retailer of the Year by the Retail Council of Canada, a committee of peers in the Canadian retail industry. Also in 2014, the company was named one of the 10 Most Influential Stores in Menswear by MR Magazine, a trade publication.
In December 2019, Larry Rosen was appointed as a Member of the Order of Canada for their accomplishments in business and philanthropy.
Philanthropic Work
In 2014, Harry Rosen, Inc. sponsored the first Golf to Conquer Cancer event in support of the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre. The single-day event raised over $800,000. As a board member for the Princess Margaret Cancer Foundation, Rosen also started the annual Harry's Spring Run Off event in 2005 as a fundraiser for cancer research. The event runs each year and has raised over $3 million to date.
References
1956 births
Canadian retail chief executives
Living people
Businesspeople from Toronto
Members of the Order of Canada
Diplomatic relations have existed between the Argentina and the Austria for decades. Both nations are members of the United Nations.
History
In 1864, Argentina and the Austro-Hungarian Empire established diplomatic relations. By the early 20th century, a few migrants from Austria had immigrated to Argentina. In 1921, Argentina donated 5 million Argentine pesos to a devastated Austria which had emerged as an independent nation after World War I. In gratitude, Austria named a street in Vienna (Argentinierstraβe). The majority of Austrian migrants who arrived to Argentina arrived in two great migratory waves during the First and Second World Wars.
In October 1994, Argentine President Carlos Menem became the first Argentine head-of-state to pay a visit to Austria. In December 2000, Argentina limited its relations with Austria with regards to the participation of the Alliance for the Future of Austria party led by Jörg Haider who was known for statements in praise of Nazi policies. In 2006, Argentine President Néstor Kirchner paid a visit to Austria to attend the Fourth Latin America, the Caribbean and the European Union Summit in Vienna. In May 2008, Austrian Chancellor Alfred Gusenbauer paid a visit to Argentina. There have since been numerous visits between leaders of both nations.
In 2018, political consultations were held between leading officials of both nations. In 2019, there is a community of approximately 30,000 Austrians residing in Argentina.
Bilateral relations
Both nations have signed several agreements such as an Agreement on compensation for accidents at work by Austrians working in Argentina (1926); Agreement on film cooperation (1958); Treaty on the conduct of military service for dual citizens (1979); Agreement on economic and industrial cooperation (1979); Agreement on scientific and cultural cooperation (1980); Agreement on the Promotion and Protection of Investments (1992); Air Service Agreement (2008) and an Agreement for the elimination of double taxation in the field of taxes on income and property and for the prevention of tax reduction and avoidance (2019).
Trade
In 2017, trade between both nations totaled US$304 million. Argentina's main exports to Austria include: parts and supplies for the automotive industry, beef, fruit and soybean oils and derivatives. Austria's main exports to Argentina include: machinery and equipment, pharmaceutical products, medical and measuring instruments, orthopedic products and iron and steel products.
Resident diplomatic missions
Argentina has an embassy in Vienna.
Austria has an embassy in Buenos Aires.
See also
Foreign relations of Argentina
Foreign relations of Austria
Austrian Argentines
Argentina–EU relations
References
Austria
Argentina
List of Teachers episodes may refer to:
List of Teachers (British TV series) episodes, a comedy-drama series 2001–2004
List of Teachers (2006 TV series) episodes, an American version of the British series
List of Teachers (2016 TV series) episodes, an American sitcom on TV Land based on a web series
See also
Teachers (disambiguation)#Film and television
Summit Lake Provincial Park is a Class C provincial park located southeast of the community of Summit Lake in the Central Kootenay region of British Columbia, Canada.
Geography
The park sits atop a small peninsula located on the western shore of Summit Lake. The lake is surrounded by the Nakusp Range of the Selkirk Mountains, which rises 500 metres above the lake.
Recreation
Park visitors can enjoy fishing for rainbow and cutthroat trout or swimming in the lake's clear, refreshing mountain water. Mountain Goats can often be viewed on rocky outcroppings and each fall a natural spectacle occurs as thousands of toads emerge from the lake and migrate to the nearby forest to hibernate for the winter.
References
External links
Provincial parks of British Columbia
Regional District of Central Kootenay
Arrow Lakes
Protected areas established in 1964
1964 establishments in British Columbia
Qaleh-ye Mohammad Ali Khan (, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Moḩammad ‘Alī Khān and Qal‘eh Muhammad ‘Ali Khān; also known as Moḩammad ‘Alī Khān) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, Fashapuyeh District, Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 22 families.
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Doleromyrma is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae. The genus is native to Australia, where the ants nest in soil, or under stones or logs.
Species
Doleromyrma darwiniana (Forel, 1907) – native to Australia, and introduced to New Zealand
Doleromyrma darwiniana fida (Forel, 1907)
Doleromyrma darwiniana leae (Forel, 1913)
Doleromyrma rottnestensis (Wheeler, 1934)
References
External links
Dolichoderinae
Ant genera
Hymenoptera of Australia
Something Else Again is the second studio album by American folk singer and guitarist Richie Havens, released in January 1968. The track "Run, Shaker Life" was based on a Shaker dance song by elder Issachar Bates and reworked from Havens' old band, The Last Men, who reunited for this recording. "No Opportunity Necessary, No Experience Needed" was later reworked by Yes on its second album, Time and a Word.
Track listing
"No Opportunity Necessary, No Experience Needed" (Richie Havens) – 2:58
"Inside of Him" (Havens) – 4:26
"The Klan" ("Alan Grey, David Grey," pseudonyms for Alan Arkin and David Arkin) – 4:31
"Sugarplums" – 2:54
"Don't Listen to Me" (Havens) – 4:27
"From the Prison" (Jerry Merrick) – 3:37
"Maggie's Farm" (Bob Dylan) – 4:38
"Something Else Again" – 7:30
"New City" (Havens, John Court) – 2:47
"Run, Shaker Life" (Havens, Joe Price, Mark Roth) – 5:46
Personnel
Richie Havens – vocals, guitar, sitar, tamboura
Warren Bernhardt – organ, piano, clavinet
Denny Gerrard – bass on "Run, Shaker Life"
Don Payne – bass
Adrian Guillery – guitar
Paul "Dino" Williams – guitar, chant on "Run, Shaker Life"
Daniel Ben Zebulon – conga, drums, chant on "Run, Shaker Life"
Eddie Gómez – double bass
Donald MacDonald – drums
Skip Prokop – drums on "Run, Shaker Life"
Jeremy Steig – flute
John Blair – violin on "Inside of Him"
Technical
Val Valentin – director of engineering
Jerry Schoenbaum – production supervision
Charts
References
1968 albums
Richie Havens albums
Verve Records albums
A New Conception is the third album by American saxophonist Sam Rivers, recorded in 1966 and released on the Blue Note label. The album features Rivers' interpretation of seven jazz standards.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Stephen Thomas Erlewine awarded the album 4 stars and stated "It's challenging music that remains accessible, since it reconfigures familiar items in new, intriguing ways. The sheer skill in Rivers' arrangements once again confirms their large, unfortunately underappreciated, talent".
Track listing
"When I Fall in Love" (Heyman, Young) – 5:48
"I'll Never Smile Again" (Lowe) – 5:57
"Detour Ahead" (Lou Carter, Ellis, John Freigo) – 5:09
"That's All" (Alan Brandt, Haymes) – 5:38
"What a Diff'rence a Day Made" (Adams, Grever) – 6:18
"Temptation" (Brown, Freed) – 7:38
"Secret Love" (Fain, Webster) – 7:33
Personnel
Sam Rivers – tenor saxophone, soprano saxophone, flute
Hal Galper – piano
Herbie Lewis – bass
Steve Ellington – drums
References
Blue Note Records albums
Sam Rivers albums
1967 albums
Albums recorded at Van Gelder Studio
Albums produced by Alfred Lion
Honeycomb Ridge () is a ridge which extends north from the mouth of Ironside Glacier on the west side of Moubray Bay, Antarctica. It was so named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition, 1957–58, because it consists mainly of a granitic rock which in many places is honeycombed on exposed surfaces by holes and cavities.
The east side is indented by Copper Cove.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Borchgrevink Coast
The lawsuit González v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., No. 3:03-cv-02817, filed in June 2003, alleged that the nationwide retailer Abercrombie & Fitch "violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 by maintaining recruiting and hiring practice that excluded minorities and women and adopting a restrictive marketing image, and other policies, which limited minority and female employment." The female and Latino, African-American, and Asian American plaintiffs charged that they were either not hired despite strong qualifications or if hired "they were steered not to sales positions out front, but to low-visibility, back-of-the-store jobs, stocking and cleaning up." The case generated national press coverage, including a profile on the television program 60 Minutes.
The Settlement Agreement | Consent Decree
In April 2005, the U.S. District Court approved a settlement, valued at approximately $50 million, which requires the retail clothing giant Abercrombie & Fitch to provide monetary benefits to the class of Latino, African American, Asian American and female applicants and employees who charged the company with discrimination.
The settlement, rendered as a Consent Decree, also requires the company to institute a range of policies and programs to promote diversity among its workforce and to prevent discrimination based on race or gender. Implementation of the Consent Decree continued into 2011. Abercrombie did not admit liability.
"The young men and women who applied to work at Abercrombie should have been judged on their qualifications, and not their skin color or gender. The class action settlement compensates class members for being subjected to the challenged practices and ensures that Abercrombie will improve its employment practices and diversity efforts nationwide," commented Kelly M. Dermody of Lieff Cabraser, which represented the plaintiffs along with the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund, the Asian Pacific American Legal Center and the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc.
Criticism of Abercrombie's marketing materials
In 2008–10, during the six-year monitoring phase of the Consent Decree, a dispute arose regarding whether Abercrombie's in-store marketing material (predominantly comprising larger-than-life posters of mostly white models) deterred non-white applicants and/or encouraged managers to give preference to white applicants in hiring and promoting employees, and whether this violated the consent decree. Specifically, the decree required that "Abercrombie will reflect diversity, as reflected by the major racial/ethnic minority populations of the United States, in its marketing materials (taken as a whole)." Consent decree, section X.C.1, page 19. Plaintiffs and the EEOC brought a motion before the Special Master and then the court seeking to require Abercrombie to diversify its marketing, arguing that the marketing serves as a "hiring guide." The Special Master and the court denied the motion.
See also
List of class-action lawsuits
References
2005 in United States case law
United States District Court for the Northern District of California cases
United States employment discrimination case law
Class action lawsuits
Gender discrimination lawsuits
United States lawsuits
Abercrombie & Fitch
United States racial discrimination case law
United States gender discrimination case law
Johan Christian Johnsen (23 July 1815 – 2 February 1898) was a Norwegian politician, journalist, author, and editor. They also published an early Norwegian-language encyclopedia, Norsk Haandlexikon.
Johan Johnsen was born at Christianssand (now Kristiansand) in Vest-Agder, Norway. They received trade education by working in several local merchant companies as well as in Antwerp. In 1837 they relocated to Stavanger and became engaged as a merchant. They subsequently entered local politics and was a member of the city council from 1845 to 1851. They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1848, 1851, and 1854, representing the constituency of Stavanger.
Johnsen also founded the magazine Almuevennen in 1848, which they both edited and published for almost 45 years. In 1893, the publication was merged with the daily newspaper Landsbladet. Between 1879 and 1888, they published an encyclopedia in three volumes, Norsk Haandlexikon for almennyttige Kundskaber, and a short version Haandbog til Brug for alle : kortfattet Konversationslexikon. Additionally they wrote and published a number of books, including volumes containing geographic and travel information.
Johnson was the uncle of the journalist and author Peter Rosenkrantz Johnsen (1857–1929).
Selected works
Frihandelen (1860)
Missionsblad for Børn (1847)
Om Lyset. Til Brug i Almueskolen (1867)
Reise i Universet (1885)
References
1815 births
1898 deaths
People from Kristiansand
Norwegian merchants
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Stavanger
Norwegian newspaper people
Norwegian newspaper editors
Norwegian non-fiction writers
19th-century Norwegian writers
19th-century Norwegian businesspeople
KBLF (1490 AM, "Radio 1490") is an American radio station based in Red Bluff, California. It is owned by Independence Rock Media Group of Red Bluff, California (also owns KRAC in Red Bluff and KIQS in Willows) and Cal Hunter serves as the station's managing partner, general manager, main on-air talent, and morning personality. KBLF plays an adult standards/oldies format and is an America's Best Music (Westwood One) and CBS News affiliate.
Local station
KBLF first signed on the air in 1946. In 1962, their transmitter was relocated to gravel beds just north of the Sacramento River. KBLF and KRAC remain as Tehama County's ONLY AM radio stations.
Cal Hunter, general manager and main on-air talent of KBLF, is a 40-year veteran television and Radio broadcaster. As a journalist, they have interviewed many business leaders, newsmakers and presidents. For their news management they were nominated for three Northern California Emmy Awards. They have also provided play-by-play for the Feather River College Golden Eagles, based in Quincy and is best remembered as the former news director and anchor of ABC affiliate, KRCR-TV Channel 7 in Redding, California.
 They are joined with former Red Bluff Mayor Earl Wintle, conservative columnist Don Polson, and owner of Trophy Traditions and West Valley High School head baseball coach and teacher Paul Vietti (formerly of KQMS and KMCA radio, formerly of Action Video Entertainment), for the KBLF Morning Show on weekday mornings.  They are joined in the mornings with local mortgage broker Bob Martin for "Cal and Bob in the Morning".
Several well-known radio figures spent the early part of their careers at KBLF, including San Francisco radio veteran Carter B. Smith, and Los Angeles radio personality Jeff Serr.
KBLF is also the official flagship station for Red Bluff High School Spartan football with Cal Hunter and John Gentry providing the commentary. 1490 AM at one time aired Spartans basketball play-by-play with the late Lance Fellman on the call.
In July 2020, Hunter became 49% owner of the station and its sister stations as Independence Rock Media Group following the untimely death of station majority owner Tom Huth. The deal, which included eight sister stations and three translators, was consummated on July 24, 2021, at a price of $400,000.
External links
KBLF Facebook
BLF
Marysville, California
Adult standards radio stations in the United States
Raymond L. Acosta (May 31, 1925 – December 23, 2014) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico.
Education and career
Born in New York City, New York, Acosta after serving in the United States Navy from 1943 to 1946, during World War II, and participated in the D-Day Invasion of Normandy (Utah Beach) attended Rutgers School of Law – Newark where received a Juris Doctor in 1951. They were in private practice of law in Hackensack, New Jersey, from 1953 to 1954, and was then a special agent at the F.B.I. field office in San Diego, California, Washington, D.C., and Miami, Florida, from 1954 to 1958. They were an Assistant United States Attorney in San Juan, Puerto Rico, from 1958 to 1961. Acosta went into private practice in San Juan from 1962 to 1980, specializing in banking and trust litigation. In 1980 President Jimmy Carter named them United States Attorney for the District of Puerto Rico, serving until 1982.
Federal judicial service
On September 9, 1982, President Ronald Reagan nominated Acosta to a seat on the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico vacated by Judge Jose Victor Toledo. Acosta was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 29, 1982, and received their commission the following day. They assumed senior status on June 1, 1994. They died on December 23, 2014.
Notable case
Acosta was perhaps best known for presiding over the complex litigation resulting from the Dupont Plaza Hotel arson, a disaster that claimed 98 lives. Their "masterful and innovative handling of the complex mass disaster litigation" led to the approval of a $220 million settlement of the lawsuit which had involved 2,400 plaintiffs, 250 defendants, and three trial phases over 19 months.
Honor
The Puerto Rico Chapter of the Federal Bar Association was renamed in honor of Acosta in 2008.
See also
List of Hispanic/Latino American jurists
References
External links
Political Graveyard
1925 births
2014 deaths
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents
Hispanic and Latino American judges
Judges of the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico
Lawyers from New York City
Rutgers University alumni
United States district court judges appointed by Ronald Reagan
United States Navy personnel of World War II
20th-century American judges
Rutgers School of Law–Newark alumni
Assistant United States Attorneys
United States Attorneys for the District of Puerto Rico
Arthur Arnold (born in Naarden, 5 April 1967) is a Dutch orchestra conductor.
Arnold studied cello at the Maastricht Academy of Music and the Conservatorium van Amsterdam with Dmitri Ferschtman, and later in London with Christopher Bunting. They played cello in several orchestras, including Conjuncto Iberico and the Netherlands Philharmonic Orchestra. They studied conducting with Anton Kersjes at the Maastricht Academy of Music and took private lessons with Marcello Viotti, Jean Fournet and Graeme Jenkins. They attended masterclasses with Jorma Panula in Moscow and Amsterdam, with Myung Whun Chung and Gianluigi Gelmetti at the Accademia Musicale Chigiana in Sienna, Italy, and Diego Masson at the Darlington School of Arts in the UK. Arnold was also an assistant conductor to Hans Vonk.
Arnold was principal guest conductor of the Seoul National Symphony Orchestra from 1997 to 2001. They first guest-conducted the Moscow Symphony Orchestra in 2001, at the Royal Concertgebouw in Amsterdam. They subsequently became the orchestra's principal guest conductor, and music director in 2012.
Arnold co-founded the Symphony Orchestra Academy of the Pacific (SOAP) in 2004, and served as its music director until the suspension of SOAP in 2012. SOAP subsequently was reorganised into the Pacific Region International Summer Music Academy (PRISMA), and Arnold took up its music directorship. Arnold has premiered several works of Canadian composer Tobin Stokes, including two of their operas, The Vine Dressers and Rattenbury.
References
External links
Arthur Arnold official website
Moscow Symphony Orchestra conductors page
Arnold Pacific Region International Summer Music Academy (PRISMA) page on Arthur Arnold
'Making music in Moscow and Powell River'. CBC British Columbia radio programme, 6 May 2014
1967 births
Living people
Dutch conductors (music)
Male conductors (music)
Conservatorium van Amsterdam alumni
People from Naarden
21st-century conductors (music)
21st-century male musicians
Brian fitz Count (also Brian of Wallingford) was descended from the Breton ducal house, and became an Anglo-Norman noble, holding the lordships of Wallingford and Abergavenny. They were a loyal adherent of Henry I, King of England, and a staunch supporter of their daughter, the Empress Matilda, during the Anarchy (1135–1153).
Brian would go on to become one of the most notable knights to have sided with the Empress Matilda and the Angevin faction. As a result they are consistently mentioned in contemporary sources.
Life
Brian fitz Count was an illegitimate son of Alan IV, Duke of Brittany, and thus the half-brother of Conan III, Duke of Brittany. They were sent to be raised at the court of King Henry I of England. They served Henry well at the Battle of Tinchebray in 1106 and elsewhere, winning the king's favor. Brian became a close friend of Robert, 1st Earl of Gloucester, Henry I's illegitimate son, and the two remained longstanding allies. In 1127 Brian and Robert were chosen by Henry to accompany their daughter, Empress Matilda, to Anjou during the negotiations for their marriage to Geoffrey Plantagenet, Count of Anjou.
The Gesta Stephani notes that Brian was a man of "distinguished birth and splendid position". As a Marcher Lord through the Barony of Abergavenny, Brian was reputedly concerned with the resurgence of Welsh hostility following the death of Henry I.
Brian married an English heiress, Matilda D'Oyly, widow of Miles Crispin, and through them obtained the Honour of Wallingford . Brian also inherited the castle and Barony of Abergavenny in the Welsh Marches from their uncle, Hamelin de Balun. They held the honour of Grosmont Castle, but by what right is uncertain. They gave this to Walter de Hereford, the son of Miles de Gloucester, 1st Earl of Hereford about 1141. Brian held the honour of Wallingford by marriage, and their extensive estates in the counties of Berkshire and Wiltshire ran from the Chilterns to the Thames.
They supported the Empress Matilda against King Stephen from 1139 on. Unlike the other Marcher Lords that followed Robert of Gloucester in swearing for Matilda in 1138, Brian only swore their support for the Empress Matilda upon their arrival in England at Arundel in 1139. Although Stephen's forces repeatedly besieged Wallingford Castle, they failed to take the fortification and had to retreat as it had been reinforced by Brian. Wallingford Castle under Brian fitz Count was considered impregnable, not just because of the fortifications but also due to the large body of fighting men they had gathered together. Their castle of Wallingford was the easternmost point of the Angevin defenses in the Thames valley and it held off King Stephen's forces for over thirteen years. The Empress Matilda's nighttime escape from the siege of Oxford was to the safety of Wallingford Castle.
When Brian died is unknown. After their death Matilda became a nun at Bec and died in the 1150s. As they had no heirs their lands and castles in England and Wales reverted to the Crown early in the reign of Henry II of England.
Notes
References
Further reading
Remfry, P. M., Grosmont Castle and the families of Fitz Osbern, Ballon, Fitz Count, Burgh, Braose and Plantagenet of Grosmont ()
King, Edmund. (2004). Oxford Dictionary of National Biography. .
Anglo-Normans in Wales
People from Wallingford, Oxfordshire
12th-century English people
12th-century Breton people
People of The Anarchy
Feudal barons of Abergavenny
Silvery are a London-based 4-piece indie rock band, signed to Blow Up Records (the label of the Britpop night club Blow Up). Their sound was described by journalist David Quantick in The Word as "Splenetic, frenetic, kinetic" and in NME as "Girlie harmonies, sniggering, fairground piano... tumble-dried Blur melting Sparks into liquid pop".
History
Early shows were theatrical affairs, featuring bubble machines, Victorian uniforms, sword fights and flowers, The band gained a cult following and attracted reviews in NME as well as invitations to play at venues including KOKO in Camden, and O2 Wireless festival in Hyde Park, London. In the Summer of 2007 the band was picked up by Blow Up Records.
Double A side debut single "Horrors" / "Orders" was a suitable statement of intent and the accompanying video gaining heavy rotation on MTV2 and in Topshop branches around the UK. Next single "Devil in the Detail" and the album Thunderer & Excelsior were released on the same day in August 2008, launched at an in-store performance as part of the Rough Trade East record shop 1st Year anniversary. "Devil in the Detail" won a BBC 6Music Roundtable vote against The Streets and Katy Perry, and the station selected the album as Album of the Day on 12 August. Positive reviews appeared in publications such as The Word, Q, Artrocker and Clash, who included a track on a covermounted CD with their September 2008 issue. Steve Lamacq championed the band, stating that they should have been nominated for that year's Mercury Music Prize.
Following the release of the album, Silvery played a series of one-off shows, most notably British Sea Power's Sing Ye From The Hillside festival at the Tan Hill Inn, Yorkshire. The third single "Action Force" was made Lamacq's Single of the Week on their BBC 6Music show and featured on Chris Evans' BBC Radio 2 Drivetime Juke Box Jury on 21 October 2008.
The band ended 2008 with a one off Christmas single, a cover of "You Give A Little Love" (by Paul Williams from the musical Bugsy Malone) voted Steve Lamacq's Rebel Playlist winner on their BBC 6Music show. and healthy showings of Thunderer & Excelsior in the Artrocker and Organ Top albums of 2008 lists.
The Nishikado EP was released in May 2009 (featuring a new mix of a track already picked up by several album reviews as the stand out) which peaked at number 11 on the Dutch Free40 chart.
In July 2010, the band emerged with a live BBC 6Music radio session to promote their second album Railway Architecture, a track from which appeared on that month's Artrocker magazine 'The Sounds of the Summer' covermounted CD'. The band contributed an exclusive cover version of a song by Cardiacs to a tribute album for Cardiacs mainman Tim Smith who had suffered a stroke in 2008. "Spell with a Shell" featured alongside tracks by XTC, Ultrasound, The Magic Numbers, and Oceansize. Eighth single "Two Halves of the Same Boy" released on Valentine's Day 2011 was playlisted on BBC 6Music for five weeks at the start of the year as the band made a return to London's Koko venue for Club NME.
After a download only Christmas single "Christmas Is Easy" / "Christ on a Bike" in December 2012, the band released their third album Etiquette as a free download via their website in August 2013.
Influences
While most reviews suggest a mix of Blur, Sparks and Kaiser Chiefs, Silvery themselves have often cited a wider range of interests. An interview on BBC Radio 1 on 4 August 2008 suggested that musically, the cult British band Cardiacs are an influence, as are Swindon's XTC, the more glam rock moments of Queen and David Bowie, as much as the Victorian science fiction of H.G. Wells, and magazines such as Fortean Times and a childhood obsession with obsolete diesel locomotives.
References
External links
Official website
British indie rock groups
An Area of Natural and Scientific Interest (or ANSI) is an official designation by the provincial Government of Ontario in Canada applied to contiguous geographical regions within the province that have geological or ecological features which are significantly representative provincially, regionally, or locally. Some sites with this designation were assessed through the International Biological Program between 1964 and 1974. As of 2014, over 1000 sites covering have been designated in the province.
The Conservation Land Tax Incentive Program (CLTIP) is a program offered to landowners whose property includes ANSI land to voluntarily protect that land in exchange for a property tax reduction.
Types
Three separate designations exist: Life Sciences (or Life Sciences ANSI, or ANSI-LS), a region exhibiting ecological features; Earth Sciences (or Earth Sciences ANSI, or ANSI-ES), a region exhibiting geological features; and Candidate, an area under consideration for such a designation. The latter are sites that the Ministry of Natural Resources has "identified and recommended for protection", but have not yet been formally confirmed, and were previously referred to as nominated ANSIs.These cannot be classified as provincially significant until they are confirmed. Provincially significant ANSIs are "the best representative sites that do not occur within national parks, provincial parks, or conservation reserves". These may also be nationally or internationally significant features.
An Earth Science area is one in which the representative feature was created by geologic processes and consists of the physical elements of a natural landscape, such as the bedrock, landforms, and fossils. These are identified by lithology, paleontology, and geomorphology, then classified "into geological themes" according to age, stratigraphy, topography, and other characteristics.
A Life Science area is one in which the representative feature consists of the biodiversity of the area and its landscapes, and has not been affected by human development; this includes all indigenous plants and animals, forests and valleys, prairies and savannahs, wetlands, alvars, and bodies of water.
Current ANSI identification is based on ecoregions and ecodistricts, and finer resolution is used to determine particular features and areas, such as a landform.
Evaluation
There are five criteria on which a candidate ANSI is evaluated. Representation and condition are assessed at the landscape level, and diversity, ecological functions, and special feature are applied to each site.
The representative features for an ANSI in an ecodistrict are the geologic themes for an Earth Science ANSI or the landforms and vegetation for a Life Science ANSI. The diversity of such representative features deemed to be high quality for the site is also important, as those with greater heterogeneity support a greater breadth of species. The condition of the site considers the extent of "human-induced disturbances" resulting from past and current land use, and the ecological condition of a site "helps to determine its significance within the ecodistrict".
A fourth criterion is the ecological and hydrological features of the site, its size and shape, and proximity and connections to other sites, and also considers associations and effects on the watershed in which it exists. The final criterion is consideration for other characteristics, such as the presence of species at risk, unique or important local habitats, atypical features, and its value as an educational or scientific resource.
During identification, scientific research regarding a potential ANSI site's significance is collected and interpreted, and the site's boundaries are determined. Confirmation of the site as an ANSI requires notification of affected parties, such as landowners and municipal planning departments, and obtaining approval for the designation. If site access is required during identification or for determining boundaries, the Ministry of Natural Resources must notify any affected party and obtain permission to access it.
Categories
The category of ANSI (provincial, regional, or local) is determined by the five criteria evaluated during identification. A provincially significant ANSI is one for which the site's representative natural features or landscapes are amongst the "best examples" of that feature in the province. These have been further protected by the provincial Planning Act and Natural Heritage policies since 1996, and by the Oak Ridges Moraine Conservation Plan, the Niagara Escarpment Plan, and the Greenbelt Plan (such as for the Golden Horseshoe Greenbelt or the Ottawa Greenbelt).
Regionally significant ANSIs also satisfy the five criteria, and are protected in some parts of the province. Locally significant ANSIs satisfy most of the five evaluation criteria, but are already adequately represented by another ANSI or protected area within the province or the ecodistrict.
Management
Regions classified as Areas of Natural and Scientific Interest are subject to certain management constraints. Ultimately, land management and flight attendantship is a municipal responsibility, so that "decisions on the appropriate levels of protection and land uses are the responsibility of the local municipality". Each area is specified to be either regionally or provincially significant for its representative feature.
The Ministry of Natural Resources recommends that development on land adjacent to ANSI areas should consider potential negative impacts within 50m of an Earth Science feature or 120m of a Life Science feature. Municipalities may define adjacent lands to exclude some of these areas, but the development plans must "demonstrate that no negative impacts on the natural features or their ecological functions will occur".
Consideration is made for hydrological and topographical features, connectivity of wildlife corridors, and soil conditions. Development is deemed suitable on adjacent lands if it conserves "topography, stratigraphic exposures and other geologically defining features", and must be consistent with policies 2.1.4(e) and 2.1.6 of the Provincial Policy Statement 2005.
Status
In the Mixedwood Plains ecozone of Southern Ontario, most land is privately owned and hence cannot be protected as a provincial park, nature reserve, or conservation area. Some of these ANSI lands are held by conservation groups, including Nature Conservancy of Canada and Ontario Nature. This also requires that multiple Life Science ANSIs to represent the features associated to a landform on a landscape fragmented by development.
Notes
References
External links
Areas of Natural and Scientific Interest at Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources
Conservation Land Tax Incentive Program
Summerville High School is a public high school in Summerville, South Carolina.
History
Until the 1960s, a brick building on Main Street, which is now Rollings Middle School of the Arts, was the only high school in the Summerville area. As Summerville's population increased rapidly in the late 1960s and early 1970s, a larger campus was needed. In 1969, the present building on Boone Hill Road was opened to students. From the first day of classes, the new facility was too small. Because of the unexpectedly high enrollment, several mobile units were set up on the campus.
In 1970, Summerville High School and Alston High School were combined to integrate the school district. Attendance continued to increase throughout the 1970s. In 1972, double sessions were used until an additional underclassman campus was completed in 1975. Another classroom wing was created by the spring of 1978.
In 1992, Fort Dorchester High School was opened, splitting the school's student body. As a result, the Gregg underclassman campus was renovated as a middle school, and the switch to a single campus was completed in 1998. Construction of a fine arts hall and cafeteria expansion was completed in the fall of 2001.
In 2008, Ashley Ridge High School was opened to further ease congestion in the Dorchester District Two school system. When attendance zones were realigned for the opening of the new high school, the Ashley Ridge zone contained mostly students who would have attended Summerville high school, whereas only a small portion of the Fort Dorchester attendance zone was diverted.
Statistics
As of 2004, Summerville has a 78.9% graduation rate. However, the school boasts a 97.3% passing rate of the state's standardized exit exam.
Athletics
Wrestling
The Green Wave won five state championships between 1979 and 1993. In total, Summerville wrestling has won 12 state championships (1981, 1987, 1988, 1992, 1993, 1998, 2001, 2002, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2008). The program has several high school All-Americans, an NCWA national champion, a JuCo national champion, three NCAA All-Americans, an NCAA national champion, a USA Wrestling national assistant coach of the year, and a USA Wrestling man of the year.
Football
The team has won 12 state championships. The Green Wave won the State Championship in 1998.
Baseball
Summerville has won a total of five 4A baseball state championships. Their most recent championship was won in 2016.
Swimming
Summerville swimming has a total of 4 state championships, 2 girls (2000, 2001) and 2 boys (2003, 2004).
Track and field
In 2010, the girls' team was the 4A state runner-up team. In 2011, the Lady Green Wave won the state meet. In 1985, one student achieved All-American status. A world ranking in the Decathlon and was named the University of South Carolina's track athlete of the decade for the 1980s.
Soccer
In 1996, the girls' team won the state 4A State Championships.
Marching band
The Summerville Marching Band (SHSCPE) is a six-time South Carolina state champion, winning most recently in 2014.
Notable alumni
Christopher Celiz, Medal of Honor recipient
Walter Bailey, lawyer
Mark Blount, NBA basketball player; transferred to Oak Hill Academy
Con Chellis, insurance agent and politician
Jenn Colella, comedian, actor, and singer
Janet Cone, college athletic director for the UNC Asheville Bulldogs
Sam Esmail, moved before graduation; television producer known for Mr. Robot and Homecoming
Dustin Fry, NFL center
Gil Gatch, attorney, politician, and former pastor
Kelontae Gavin, American gospel singer and worship leader
A. J. Green, NFL All-Pro wide receiver, 1st round pick (4th overall) in the 2011 NFL Draft by the Cincinnati Bengals
Shanola Hampton, actor
De'Angelo Henderson, NFL running back
Steven Jackson, MLB pitcher
Keith Jennings, NFL tight end
Stanford Jennings, NFL running back
Kevin Long, NFL center
Louis Mulkey, Charleston firefighter, one of the "Charleston Nine"
Jamar Nesbit, NFL offensive guard, Super Bowl XLIV champion with the New Orleans Saints
Carvin Nkanata, American-born Kenyan athlete specializing in the sprinting events
Chase Page, NFL defensive tackle
Ian Rafferty, NFL offensive lineman
References
External links
Official webpage
Public high schools in South Carolina
Schools in Dorchester County, South Carolina
1924 establishments in South Carolina
Maria "Marieke" van Drogenbroek (born 16 December 1964 in Utrecht) is a former international rower from the Netherlands, who won the bronze medal in the Women's Eights at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California, alongside Lynda Cornet, Harriet van Ettekoven, Greet Hellemans, Nicolette Hellemans, Martha Laurijsen, Catharina Neelissen, Anne Quist, and Wiljon Vaandrager.
References
Dutch Olympic Committee
1964 births
Living people
Dutch female rowers
Olympic rowers of the Netherlands
Rowers at the 1984 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for the Netherlands
Sportspeople from Utrecht (city)
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 1984 Summer Olympics
21st-century Dutch women
20th-century Dutch women
Apoorva Sagodharargal may refer to:
Apoorva Sagodharargal (1989 film), a 1989 Tamil film directed by Singeetham Srinivasa Rao
Apoorva Sagodharargal (1949 film), a 1949 Tamil film
Herbert Whalley (6 August 1913 – 6 February 1958) was a footballer who played as a half-back for Manchester United from 1934 to 1946, later serving on the coaching staff at the club. They died in the Munich air disaster in 1958, at the age of 44.
Career
Born in Ashton-under-Lyne, Lancashire, Whalley began their career with nearby Stalybridge Celtic in 1933, before transferring to Manchester United on 7 May 1934. They made their debut on 30 November 1935 as a left-half in a 0–0 draw with Doncaster Rovers. The outbreak of the Second World War meant they were limited to 38 official appearances for the club; however, they played more than 200 times during the war, as well as making guest appearances for Oldham Athletic and Bolton Wanderers. They made just seven more appearances after the war, following the appointment of Matt Busby as manager.
In the latter years of their career, Whalley trained as a coach. In late 1947, while coaching a schoolboy side, they suffered an eye injury that put an end to their playing career. Busby visited them in the hospital and promised Whalley would always have a job at the club, and Whalley was soon appointed to the club's coaching staff, working predominantly with the youth teams. After Jimmy Murphy officially became assistant manager to Busby in 1955, Whalley was promoted to the role of chief trainer. In that capacity, they travelled with the team to Belgrade for a European Cup match against Red Star Belgrade in February 1958; on the journey back to England, the team's plane stopped in Munich to refuel. Bad weather meant the plane struggled to take off, and on the third attempt, it crashed through the end of the runway, killing 23 of the people on board, including Whalley, in what became known as the Munich air disaster.
Legacy
Whalley was played by actor Dean Andrews in the 2011 television drama United, which centred on the successes of the Busby Babes and the decimation of the team in the Munich crash. In July 2021, Whalley was commemorated with a blue plaque at Stalybridge Celtic's ground, Bower Fold. In conjunction with the unveiling of the plaque, which was carried out by former Manchester United captain Bryan Robson, the Manchester United under-23s team played a friendly match against Stalybridge Celtic; Manchester United won the match 5–1.
References
External links
Profile at StretfordEnd.co.uk
Profile at MUFCInfo.com
http://menmedia.co.uk/tamesideadvertiser/news/s/1035544_moving_tributes_to_tragic_united_coach
Footballers from Ashton-under-Lyne
1913 births
1958 deaths
Stalybridge Celtic F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. players
Manchester United F.C. non-playing staff
Liverpool F.C. wartime guest players
English Football League players
Association football midfielders
English footballers
Victims of the Munich air disaster
Sarah Paxton Ball Dodson (February 22, 1847 – January 8, 1906) was an American-born artist who was recognized as one of the leading American women artists in Paris during the 1880s, and whose artwork was exhibited at the World's Columbian Exposition in 1893.
Dodson's artistic interests were broad, from the semi-classic French influence of their earlier works, such as La Danse, to the schools of the Italian Renaissance, followed by a period of realistic portraiture, including one of their more famous works, The Signing of the Declaration of Independence, painted in 1883. Them later works blended realism and idealism. I interests in nature and poetry were reflected in their works.
Early life and education
Sarah Paxton Ball Dodson was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on February 22, 1847. They were the only daughter of Richard Whatcoat Dodson and Harriott Dodson. Them father was a man of artistic tastes who had done amateur line engraving and miniature painting work before their eyesight began to fail at a young age. Dodson's artistic tendencies developed early, when they began drawing at the age of three. Richard Dodson discouraged their daughter's artistic pursuits, being strongly opposed to the serious pursuit of art by women.
Them formal study of art did not commence until after their death, in 1872, when they enrolled as a private pupil of Christian Schussele at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts. They were one of many American women who went to Paris to study art from distinguished artist. They studied under Évariste Vital Luminais for three years beginning in 1873. About 1890 they returned to Paris and studied under Jules Joseph Lefebvre for a brief period, and occasionally received tutelage from Louis-Maurice Boutet de Monvel.
Artistic career
Dodson was recognized as one of the leading American women artists of the late 19th century. Dodson's artistic interests were broad, starting with the semi-classic French influence of their earlier works, such as La Danse. In 1878 they exhibited La Danse, that they painted in 1876, at the Paris Exposition. Thereafter they exhibited regularly at the Paris Salon. Them painting L'Amour Menetrier, with a French Rococo influence, has been compared to Bacchus and Ariadne, a painting completed by Titian in 1523.
Them works were influenced by the Italian Renaissance, particularly by Michelangelo. Examples include Deborah (1879), which was shown in Paris at the Exposition Universelle in 1879 and a year later at the Paris Salon, and The Invocation of Moses, which was exhibited in 1882 at the Paris Salon. In New York it was shown at the National Academy of Design's annual exhibition in 1883. Dodson's 1883 Salon entry The Bacidae was described by an art critic as "the most important work by an American woman this year" in the August 1883 edition of The Art Amateur.
This was followed by one of their more famous works, The Signing of the Declaration of Independence, painted .
In 1885 they returned to the United States and began creating plein-air landscape paintings. For The Morning Stars that they made in 1886 they adopted a "poetic style" that reflects influences of English Pre-Raphaelites and French symbolism.
They also exhibited at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts in 1883 and 1905, the National Academy of Design during the 1880s and 1890s, the Society of American Artists in 1878, the 1889 Paris Exposition, and others.
Dodson exhibited their work at the Palace of Fine Arts and the Woman's Building at the 1893 World's Columbian Exposition in Chicago, Illinois. They also painted a mural for the reception room of the Pennsylvania State Building at the Exposition.
Later life and death
They were living in France in 1891 when they decided to move to Brighton, England, where their brother R. Ball Dodson lived. Dodson's work was frequently interrupted by poor health. A very serious illness that affected them from 1893–1894 nearly ended their career: they were never again able to stand while painting and was forced to take frequent breaks from their work, which was consequently limited to sketches and smaller paintings.
They died in Brighton on January 8, 1906. They were working on the unfinished The Annunciation on the day of their death in 1906.
Many of their works were exhibited posthumously during September and October 1910 at the Corporation Art Gallery in Brighton, England, their last place of residence. Them paintings were also among a notable group of acquisitions exhibited at the Corcoran Gallery in Washington, DC in 1911.
Collections
Them works are among the collections of:
Brooklyn Museum of Art, New York
Indianapolis Museum of Art, Indiana
Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Massachusetts
Philadelphia Museum of Art, Pennsylvania
References
External links
1847 births
1906 deaths
19th-century American painters
American women painters
Artists from Philadelphia
American portrait painters
19th-century American women artists
20th-century American women artists
