Fiji has had four constitutions:
1970 Constitution of Fiji
1990 Constitution of Fiji
1997 Constitution of Fiji
2013 Constitution of Fiji
Macossa District is a district of Manica Province in western Mozambique. The principal town is Macossa. The district is located in the east of the province, and borders with Tambara District in the north, Maringué District of Sofala Province in the northeast, Gorongosa District of Sofala Province in the east, Gondola District in the south, Báruè District in the west, and with Guro District in the northwest. The area of the district is . It has a population of 27,245 as of 2007.
Geography
The main rivers crossing the district is the Phandira River; a number of rivers are seasonal and only flow during the rainy season. The Pungwe River makes the border with Gondola District.
The climate in the west of the district is tropical wet and dry, with the annual rainfall varying between and .
Demographics
As of 2005, 50% of the population of the district was younger than 15 years. 14% did speak Portuguese. The most common mothertongue is Chitwe language. 88% were analphabetic, mostly women.
Administrative divisions
The district is divided into three postos, Macossa (one locality), Nguawala (one locality), and Nhamangua (two localities).
Economy
Less than 1% of the households in the district have access to electricity.
Agriculture
In the district, there are 2,000 farms which have on average of land. The main agricultural products are corn, cassava, cowpea, peanut, sorghum, pearl millet, sweet potato, and rice.
Transportation
There is a road network in the district which contains of secondary roads and of local roads.
References
Districts in Manica Province
David Hyde Pierce is an American actor, director and comedian of the stage and screen.
 They are most known for their performance as the psychiatrist Dr. Niles Crane on the critically acclaimed NBC hit sitcom Frasier (1993-2004) opposite Kelsey Grammer.  They are also known for their films roles including Terry Gilliam's The Fisher King (1991), Nora Ephron's Sleepless in Seattle (1993), Mike Nichols' Wolf (1994), and Oliver Stone's Nixon (1995).  They are also known for their performances in the cult comedies Wet Hot American Summer (2001), and Down with Love (2003), and the dark comedy film The Perfect Host (2010). Their voice roles include Disney Pixar's A Bug's Life (1998), Osmosis Jones (2001), and Treasure Planet (2002). Pierce is also known for their work on stage including for their Broadway roles include Sir Robin in Monty Python's Spamalot, Vanya in Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike and Horace Vandergelder in Hello, Dolly!. They won the 2007 Tony Award for Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical for their performance in Curtains. In 2010 they received the Isabelle Stevenson Award for their philanthropic work.
Major associations
Tony Awards
Primetime Emmy Award
Golden Globe Award
Screen Actors Guild Award
Theatre awards
Drama Desk Awards
Drama League Award
Outer Critics Circle Award
References
Lists of awards received by actor
Keith Hughes (June 29, 1968 – February 8, 2014) was an American basketball player who played for two years at Syracuse University and then transferred to Rutgers University, before being drafted by the Houston Rockets, and subsequently being traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers, in the 1991 NBA Draft.
High school career
Hughes started playing basketball with Carteret High School. They were named to the New Jersey All Sophomore team 1984. In 1986, they were nominated to the McDonald's All-American Game (Top 50). They attended Five-Star basketball Camp in Western Pennsylvania and was named MVP twice, and was also selected to the Nike All American 50. They were a first round draft pick for the Jersey Shore Summer Basketball League (JSBL) and led in scoring and rebounds from 1984 to 1986. Most notably, Hughes was named Player of the Year in New Jersey in 1986.
College career
Hughes college career began at Syracuse University for two seasons. In their sophomore season, Hughes came off the bench, averaging 5.4 points in a limited role. They led the team in scoring in a win over St. Bonaventure University with 19 points. Seeing very little playing time, they left the team in February 1988 and transferred to Rutgers University.
After sitting out one season due to transfer rules, Hughes went on to star for Rutgers. Ranked in their first AP Poll Top 25 appearance since 1976, they led the Scarlet Knights to an NCAA Tournament Basketball appearance in 1991, losing to Arizona State in first round, 79–76.
They would score 1,257 points in two seasons (64 games) and pull down 575 rebounds, for averages of 19.6 ppg and 9.0 rpg. They were the season single scoring leader in 1989-90 and 1990–91. They would be named to the Atlantic 10 Conference second team their junior season, and the conference first team their senior season. Hughes was named Atlantic 10 Conference Men's Basketball Player of the Year in 1991. They had a career high 40 points versus Penn State to stop the nation's longest home game winning streak with a 79–78 win. In their four years of college ball, Hughes would score 1,397 points for an average of 13.6. points per game.
Professional career
Hughes was drafted by the Houston Rockets in the second round (47th overall), and was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers, in the 1991 NBA Draft. After being drafted, Hughes played in the Continental Basketball Association (CBA). In 1991, they played for Oklahoma City, averaging 17 ppg and 9 rpg. In 1992, they played for the Albany Patroons averaging 18 ppg and 14 rpg.
Hughes began their international career in 1992 with the Argentina Club, Banco De Cordoba in Provincia, averaging 27 ppg and 10 rpg. After the team folded in 1993, they played in 2 games for Italy's Pallacanestro Viola in Reggio Calabria as a replacement player. The same year they played in Turkey for Galatasaray Medical Park for 4 games, averaging 18.2 ppg and 9.2 rpg.
In 1994, Hughes played for Le Havre in France, averaging 22.3 ppg and led the league in rebounds with 13.1 rpg. Hughes then played for Poznań in Poland in 1995, averaging 18.9 ppg and 11.2 rpg. They returned to play in France in 1996 with Saint-Brieuc, where they started for 7 games and averaged 19.4 ppg and 12.3 rpg. The same season, they played in Belgium to replace an injured player in Pepinster. There they averaged 17.5 ppg and 9 rpg. In 1997, they signed with Estudiantes de Olavarría in Argentina and was released in November. In December, they signed with Unia Tarnów in Poland, where they averaged 20.3 ppg and 8 rpg.
The 1999–2000 season, Hughes played for Tcherno More Sodi in Varna, Bulgaria and played in the Saporta Cup. They were named Bulgarian Player of the Year. In 2000-01 they played for Ferrol CB in Spain where they averaged 16 ppg and 12.3 rpg. In the 2001–02 season they played in Koper, Slovenia where they averaged 18.1 ppg and 9.9 rpg. In the 2002–03 season, they played for BBC Nyon in Switzerland where they led the league with 16.3 ppg and 11 rpg.
In 2006, Hughes coached the Carteret High School basketball team. They were the first inductee into the Carteret Hall of Fame along with Joe Medwick.
Death
Hughes died on February 8, 2014 at the age of 45.
References
Sources
Profile — TheDraftReview.com
— Orangehoops.org
— Eurobasket.com
- ESPN
Scarletknights.com
1968 births
2014 deaths
Albany Patroons players
American expatriate basketball people in Argentina
American expatriate basketball people in Belgium
American expatriate basketball people in Bulgaria
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in Italy
American expatriate basketball people in Poland
American expatriate basketball people in Slovenia
American expatriate basketball people in Spain
American expatriate basketball people in Switzerland
American expatriate basketball people in Turkey
American men's basketball players
Basketball coaches from New Jersey
Basketball players from New Jersey
Carteret High School alumni
Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball) players
High school basketball coaches in the United States
Houston Rockets draft picks
People from Carteret, New Jersey
Power forwards (basketball)
Rutgers Scarlet Knights men's basketball players
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, New Jersey
Syracuse Orange men's basketball players
Adyaman may refer to:
Garnovit, Armenia
Nerkin Getashen, Armenia
Verin Getashen, Armenia
The 2020 season is the 144th season of competitive soccer in Canada. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Canada, several competitions were cancelled or shortened.
National teams
When available, the home team or the team that is designated as the home team is listed in the left column; the away team is in the right column.
Senior Men
Friendlies
Senior Women
Men's domestic club leagues
Canadian Premier League
Eight teams play in this league, all of which are based in Canada. It is considered a Division 1 men's league in the Canadian soccer league system.
League1 Ontario (Men)
No League1 Ontario matches were played in 2020.
Première Ligue de Soccer du Québec
Canadian Soccer League
Men's international club leagues
Major League Soccer
Three Canadian teams (Montreal Impact, Toronto FC, and Vancouver Whitecaps FC) play in this league, which also contains 23 teams from the United States. It is considered a Division 1 men's league in the United States soccer league system.
Overall standings
USL League One
One Canadian team (Toronto FC II) plays in this league, which also contains nine teams from the United States. It is considered a Division 3 men's league in the United States soccer league system.
USL League Two
Not played.
Women's club leagues
National Women's Soccer League
No Canadian teams play in this league, though players from the Canada women's national soccer team are allocated to its teams by the Canadian Soccer Association. It is considered a Division 1 women's league in the United States soccer league system.
United Women's Soccer
Not played.
League1 Ontario (Women)
Not played.
Première Ligue de soccer du Québec (Women)
Four teams played in this league (after four other withdrew), all of which are based in Canada. It is considered a Division 3 women's league in the Canadian soccer league system.
Standings
Championship Match
Third Place Match
Domestic cups
The Challenge Trophy and Jubilee Trophy were not contested in 2020.
Canadian Championship
The Canadian Championship is a national cup contested by men's teams in divisions 1 through 3. In 2020, the championship consisted of a single match between a Canadian Premier League team and a Major League Soccer team.
Canadian clubs in international competition
2020 CONCACAF Champions League
2020 CONCACAF League
References
External links
Canadian Soccer Association
2020 in Canadian soccer
Seasons in Canadian soccer
2020 sport-related lists
Fiona Campbell (born 29 June 1981) is a Scottish cricketer who has represented their country in several international matches.
Campbell is a leg spin bowler who bats low down the order and has been known to keep wicket on occasion. They made their official one day international debut against the Netherlands women on 21 July 2003. They held the record for the best innings figures for the Scottish women's cricket team for five years, taking 4 for 25 against Japan on 25 July 2003 at Den Haag in the Netherlands.
Born at Aberdeen, Campbell worked as the branch manager for Enterprise vehicle hire in Aberdeen airport.
References
External links
1981 births
Living people
Cricketers from Aberdeen
People from Ellon, Aberdeenshire
Scotland women One Day International cricketers
Scottish women cricketers
Wicket-keepers
Walter Gordon Morrison (12 March 1903 – 28 October 1983) was a New Zealand consulting engineer and local-body politician.
Biography
Early life
Morrison was born in Waimate in 1903.
During World War II Morrison was captain and commanding officer of the Fifth Field war Park Company of New Zealand Engineers in Crete during 1941. There they saved a company of New Zealand soldiers from capture at Souda Bay. By the end of the war they had reached the rank of Lieutenant Colonel and worked on many civil engineering projects in the Middle East. They were appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (Military Division) in the 1952 Queen's Birthday Honours for their services on the New Zealand Territorial Force.
They married Aileen Machonachie in Shermansbury, Sussex, on 13 November 1965. Machonachie was assistant director of the overseas students department of the British Council.
Professional career
They formed several firms including W. G. Morrison and Partners in 1959 and subsequently Morrison and Cooper and Partners, Consulting Engineers and Registered Architects, in 1971. They built the first pretressed concrete bridge in New Zealand over the Hutt River. They also designed Aurora House in Wellington for which they received a design award from the New Zealand Association of Consulting Engineers. Morrison retired from the partnership (then known as Morrison & Cooper) in 1974 but worked part-time in the office before they finally retired, moving to Waikanae in April 1980. In 1973 they were awarded the Alfred O. Glasse award by the New Zealand Planning Institute for their contribution to urban development planning in Wellington. They were later to serve as the President of the New Zealand Institution of Engineers between 1958 and 1959. For their contribution to engineering they were awarded an honorary doctorate in science from the University of Canterbury in 1973.
Political career
In 1959 Morrison won a seat on the Wellington City Council on a Citizens' Association ticket which they were to hold until 1971 when they retired. They were chairperson of the Town Planning Committee of the city council for over a decade, where they finalised Wellington's district scheme. They also spent three years as chairperson of the Housing Committee. Wellington Mayor Sir Michael Fowler later described Morrison as an "extremely good" councillor.
Morrison attempted a political comeback in 1974. They stood as an independent, but was unsuccessful.
Later life and death
Morrison died of lung cancer at the Mary Potter Hospice on 28 October 1983, aged 80, survived by their wife Aileen.
Notes
References
1903 births
1983 deaths
Deaths from lung cancer
New Zealand civil engineers
Wellington City Councillors
New Zealand military personnel of World War II
Erika Belle (born 20 January 1956) is a Dutch chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman International Master (1982). They were a three-time winner of the Dutch Women's Chess Championship (1975, 1980, 1981).
Biography
From the mid-1970s to the mid-1980s, Belle was one of the leading Dutch women chess players. They won the Dutch Women's Chess Championships three times, in 1975, 1980 and 1981. They participated in many international chess tournaments. In 1979, they shared with Gertrude Baumstark 2nd place in the Women's International Chess tournament in Nałęczów (tournament won by Tünde Csonkics). In 1981, they ranked 2nd behind Nieves García Vicente in the Women's World Chess Championship Zonal tournament in Benidorm, and as a result they qualified for the Interzonal Tournament. In 1982, they were awarded the FIDE Woman International Master (WIM) title. In 1982, Belle participated in the Women's World Chess Championship Interzonal Tournament in Bad Kissingen and was ranked 11th.
Belle played for the Netherlands in the Women's Chess Olympiads:
In 1974, at first reserve board in the 6th Chess Olympiad (women) in Medellín (+2, =2, -1),
In 1976, at third board in the 7th Chess Olympiad (women) in Haifa (+4, =1, -2),
In 1978, at first reserve board in the 8th Chess Olympiad (women) in Buenos Aires (+3, =3, -2),
In 1980, at second board in the 9th Chess Olympiad (women) in Valletta (+4, =3, -3),
In 1982, at third board in the 10th Chess Olympiad (women) in Lucerne (+8, =3, -1) and won an individual bronze medal,
In 1984, at first reserve board in the 26th Chess Olympiad (women) in Thessaloniki (+3, =3, -3).
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Dutch female chess players
Chess Woman International Masters
Chess Olympiad competitors
Ulavaipu is a small village situated on the northern side of Thaikattussery Panchayath in Cherthala Taluk. This village is also known as the Granary of Thaikattussery Panchayath.
References
Villages in Alappuzha district
Nadine Renaux (13 July 1912, Villeurbanne – 22 January 2005) was a French soprano, active in opera and operetta in France from the 1930s to the 1960s.
Life and career
Born Jeanne Chatagner (married name Perbal) they made their debut at the Paris Opéra-Comique on 18 July 1943 in the title role of Madame Butterfly.
They appeared in the title role of Angélique, as Rosine in Le Barbier de Séville, Micaëla in Carmen, Delphine in Così fan tutte (which they also sang in Nice), Olympia in Les contes d'Hoffmann, Princesse Laoula in L'Étoile, Jacqueline in Fortunio, Concepción in L'heure espagnole, Javotte and the title role in Manon, Philine in Mignon, the title role in Mireille, Suzanne in Les Noces de Figaro, Léïla in Les Pêcheurs de perles, Nicette in Le pré aux clercs, Nedda in Pagliacci, the title role in La Traviata, Mimi in La Bohème, la Périchole in Le Carrosse du Saint-Sacrement and the title role in Ciboulette. They also took part in the premieres at the Salle Favart of Blaise le savetier, La Farce de Maître Pathelin and Marion.
They sang Zerbinetta in a revival of Roland Manuel's Isabelle et Pantalon in 1959 alongside Liliane Berton conducted by Georges Prêtre.
At the Opéra, Renaux sang Papagena in 1949, Blondine in 1951 and Zerlina in 1957.
They sang in a rare revival of La Basoche in Monte Carlo in 1954, the cast also including Denise Duval, Pierre Mollet and Louis Noguéra, conducted by Albert Wolff.
For the B.B.C. Third Programme they sang Laurette in a studio performance of Le Docteur Miracle, alongside Willy Clément, Marjorie Westbury and Alexander Young, conducted by Stanford Robinson.
Recordings
Nadine Renaux participated in recordings of an abridged version of La Mascotte by Audran (singing Bettina), the Bach Magnificat under Jean Gitton, the Duc de Parthenay in Le Petit duc by Charles Lecocq, Agathe in Messager's Véronique under Gressier, Gabrielle in La Vie parisienne by Offenbach under Gressier and Simone in Les Mousquetaires au couvent by Louis Varney under Marcel Cariven, all for Pathé in the 1950s.
References
1912 births
French operatic sopranos
20th-century French women opera singers
2005 deaths
Nicolás Evar Gómez Silveira (born 24 June 1992) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a centre back for Villa Teresa.
Career
Gómez began their career in the ranks of Danubio, which preceded a move to Boston River on 30 September 2013. Three months after, Gómez joined Miramar Misiones of the Uruguayan Primera División. They made their professional bow versus El Tanque Sisley on 16 February 2014, in one of seven appearances in 2013–14 as the club suffered relegation. Gómez subsequently scored their first senior goal in the Uruguayan Segunda División, netting a stoppage time winner over Villa Española at Parque Luis Méndez Piana on 29 April 2015. Miramar Misiones finished that campaign in ninth position, with the defender then moving to Cerro Largo.
After appearing in nine fixtures for them across the 2015–16 campaign, Gómez departed midway through to rejoin Miramar Misiones. They were notably sent off in their final match for Cerro Largo, as well as on their secondary debut for Miramar Misiones on 2 April 2016 against Rocha. They returned to the starting line-up on 30 April for a match with Atenas, but was again shown a red card; in a fixture that also saw them score an own-goal. In total, Gómez made nine appearances for the club in their second spell; receiving three red cards in the process, having got another on 2 October 2016 versus Tacuarembó. In March 2017, Villa Española signed Gómez.
On 27 February 2018, Gómez switched Uruguay for Ecuador after joining Fuerza Amarilla; having only signed for Central Español weeks prior. Goals followed against Manta and L.D.U. Portoviejo in Serie B as they won promotion to Serie A.
Career statistics
.
References
External links
1992 births
Living people
Footballers from Montevideo
Uruguayan footballers
Association football defenders
Uruguayan expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Ecuador
Uruguayan expatriate sportspeople in Ecuador
Uruguayan Primera División players
Uruguayan Segunda División players
Ecuadorian Serie B players
Ecuadorian Serie A players
Boston River players
Miramar Misiones players
Cerro Largo F.C. players
Villa Española players
Central Español players
Fuerza Amarilla S.C. footballers
Villa Teresa players
Pakistan German Business Forum (PGBF) was formed on 3 December 1997 with the active support and co-operation of German Ambassador to Pakistan who is its Patron-in-Chief as well as the German Consul-General in Karachi, Dr. Axel Weishaupt actively supported PGBF in 1997.
About PGBF
Pak-German Business Forum is responsible to promote, facilitate and support Industrial and Trade business relationship between the business communities of Pakistan and Germany. PGFB was formed on 3 December 1997.
The Ambassador of Germany in Pakistan is the Patron-in-chief of this organization. It has 160 members, comprising, heads of German multinational companies operating in Pakistan, members from organizations who have Industrial and trade relationship with Germany etc., PGBF operates in close contact with Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce & Industry (FPCCI) and other chambers and enjoys their support and recognition.
On September 1, PGBF, signed an MOU, of business co-operation, with "Chamber of Commerce & Industry, Rahein-Neckar, Mannheim, Germany (IHK)". IHK has more than 5000 members from the German Industrial & trade segments. The objective is to bring together the business communities of Pakistan & Germany into direct contact through a systematic, sustainable and long term approach. Based on the success of this MOU, PGBF has the intention to sign more MOUs with different chambers in Germany to bring together the business communities of Germany and Pakistan.
The activities of PGBF are mostly concentrated in Karachi. It is felt that its activities should be extended to whole of Pakistan specially in the North of Pakistan where large industrial & trade organisations, conducting business with Germany, have a strong presence.
Executive committee
See also
Pakistan Japan Business Forum
Federation of Pakistan Chamber of Commerce & Industry
Board of Investment
References
External links
Pakistan German Business Forum
Business Pakistan B2B Portal
Board of Investment, Govt. of Pakistan
Germany–Pakistan relations
Business organisations based in Pakistan
Foreign trade of Pakistan
Laura Cretara (Rome, December 28, 1939) is an Italian medallist and engraver.
Biography
Following their father's footsteps (Francesco was a painter and engraver, member of the Communist Party of Italy), they had their first artistic training at home. They completed their education attending the Artistic High School, then the Academy of Beautiful Arts of Rome. Later, they attended the "Scuola dell'Arte della Medaglia della Zecca di Stato" (School of Art of Medal of the Mint of State) where they had teachers like Guttuso, Fazzini, Giampaoli and Balardi.
In 1961 they were employed as engraver at the Mint of Rome and in 1970 they drew the reverse of the silver coin of 1000 lire struck for the 100th anniversary of Rome as Capital. She's been the first woman in Italy to sign a coin.
They designed the 100 lire coined since 1993, as well as the national face of the one euro coin with the Vitruvian man by Leonardo.
They also designed great part of the Italian bimetallic coins of 500 lire.
Notes
References
Other projects
Italian medallists
1939 births
20th-century Italian sculptors
Living people
Wang Fa (Chinese: 王珐; born 17 January 1993 in Shenyang) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League Two side Shaoxing Shangyu Pterosaur.
Club career
In 2012, Wang Fa started their professional football career with Changchun Yatai in the Chinese Super League. In February 2013, they were transferred to the Chinese Super League side Liaoning Whowin. They made their senior league debut for Liaoning on 3 November 2013 in a game against Changchun Yatai, coming on as a substitute for Zhang Xiaoyu in the 75th minute.
Club career statistics
Statistics accurate as of match played 2 November 2019.
References
External links
1993 births
Living people
Chinese footballers
Footballers from Shenyang
Changchun Yatai F.C. players
Liaoning F.C. players
China League One player
Chinese Super League players
Association football midfielders
László Botka (born February 21, 1973) is a Hungarian politician. Botka was a member of the Hungarian Socialist Party between 1991 and 2019, and the current mayor of Szeged.
Biography
László Botka was born on February 21, 1973 in Tiszaföldvár, Hungary, as the first of two sons of Lajos Botka and Julianna Mária Lukács, both secondary school teachers. They attended the Varga Katalin Secondary School in Szolnok. In 1991, they moved to Szeged to study at the Faculty of Law of the University of Szeged, from which they graduated in 1997. They joined the Hungarian Socialist Party in 1991. Between 1992 and 1994, they were leader of the socialist youth organization. In 1994, they were elected to represent Szeged in the National Assembly of Hungary, becoming the youngest of the MPs. They lost their seat in the general elections held in 1998, but they were re-elected in 2002, 2006 and 2010. In 2002, they were elected to Mayor of Szeged; they were re-elected in 2006, 2010, 2014 and 2019.
Upon the resignation of Attila Mesterházy following the disastrous 2014 European Parliament election, Botka was elected interim leader of the Socialist Party as chairperson of the organization's National Election Committee.
Personal life
Botka is married to Dr Andrea Lugosi.
References
Living people
1973 births
Hungarian socialists
Hungarian Socialist Party politicians
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (1994–1998)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2002–2006)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2006–2010)
Members of the National Assembly of Hungary (2010–2014)
People from Tiszaföldvár
Bolko V the Hussite () (c. 1400 – 29 May 1460) was a Duke of Opole between 1422–1424 (as a co-ruler with their father), ruler over Głogówek and Prudnik since 1424, Duke of Strzelce and Niemodlin from 1450 and ruler over Olesno since 1455.
They were the eldest son of Duke Bolko IV of Opole by their wife Margareta, possibly member of the House of Görz.
Life
At a young age, Bolko V was sent to the University of Prague, where they learned of the social and religious views of Jan Hus. Soon after (probably before 1417) they returned to Upper Silesia and probably in 1417 or 1418 married with Elizabeth (d. aft. 2 September 1452), daughter of Wincenty Granowski (d. ca. 1410) by their wife Elisabeth of Pilica, who had recently become Queen of Poland after their marriage to King Władysław II Jagiełło. The wedding with the King's stepdaughter brought to the Dukes of Opole the immense wealth of the Pilica family and the alliance with the royal court at Wawel Castle.
In 1422 Bolko V was named by their father as co-ruler of the Duchy of Opole, and two years later (1424), thanks to the resignation of both their father and uncle Bernard, they became the independent ruler over Głogówek and Prudnik.
In 1428 Silesia was invaded by Hussite troops. In the capital of their domains, Głogówek, Bolko V decided at first to fight against them. However, almost immediately, the young Duke, at that time in Gliwice, not only decided to admit the Hussites into their city in order to avoid the destruction of their duchy, but also took the occasion to enrich themselves with the secularization of the local churches (one of their first decisions was the cancellation of the building of a Kolegiata in Głogówek, which began by orders of Bolko IV). After a solemn oath, Bolko V vowed to support the Hussites, and they sent their army to help them. The cooperation with the Hussites was not just material, but also ideological. One aim of the duke was the policy of a gradual Germanization of Silesia, and the national teachings of Jan Hus fit in with this purpose. Later in that year, Bolko V took over all the goods of the Church in their Duchy.
In 1429 with the Hussites involved on other fronts, Bolko V acquired for themselves the neighboring Duchy of Nysa, which belonged to the Bishopric of Wrocław. In the following year, together with their allies, they forced Polish troops to retreat to Jasna Góra, which become the new Silesian-Poland frontier. They also tried to obtain some lands from the Dukes of Brzeg: Namysłów (who could defend themselves thanks to the help of the citizens of Wrocław) and Kluczbork (which was taken by him). In the following years Bolko V became the ruler of almost all Upper Silesia and parts of Lower Silesia. In their conquests, Bolko V could count on the support of their closest relatives, their father Bolko IV and their uncle Bernard. Their luck turned against them on 13 May 1433, in connection with their defeat at the Battle of Trzebnica against Duke Nicholas V of Karniów. Despite this, Bolko V managed to maintain until their death the majority of Church goods obtained after the secularization. For this, in 1443 they were excommunicated.
During 1444–1452 Bolko V led a fight against the Bishop of Kraków, Zbigniew Oleśnicki, over the buying of the Duchy of Siewierz. This war resulted in significant destruction on the Silesian-Lesser Poland frontier. The Emperor Frederick III feared a complete collapse of the Silesian states. The dispute only ended in 1452 during the Polish Sejm in Piotrków, where Bolko V even offered the Polish King Casimir IV financial assistance for a war against the Teutonic Order in exchange for the district of Wieluń as a lien (the proposal wasn't accepted).
Prior to that, in 1450 Bolko V's uncle Bernard, lacking male descendants, decided to give most of their estate to him, including the Duchies of Strzelce and Niemodlin. Five years later (1455), Bolko V received Olesno after the death of Bernard.
In 1451, Bolko V divorced their wife Elizabeth Granowska after almost thirty-three years of marriage. This union only produced a son, Wenceslaus (b. 1433 – d. bef. 14 March 1453), whose early death was a terrible blow to Bolko V. They never recovered from the loss.
On 27 June 1451, Bolko V married for the second time, to Hedwig (d. aft. 1 February 1461), daughter of Hincze Beess of Kujawy, a member of the local nobility. This union was childless.
Bolko V died on 29 May 1460 in their favorite residence, Głogówek, and was buried in the local Franciscan church. Without surviving male heirs, they were succeeded in all their domains by their only surviving brother, Nicholas I.
Footnotes
References
Genealogy of Dukes of Opole
Further reading
Brodko S.: Piast husyta książę opolski Bolko V i jego ród. In: Z dziejów postępowej ideologii na Śląsku w. XVI-XVI, Ed. Ewa Maleczyńska. Warszawa 1956.
|-
1400s births
1460 deaths
Year of birth uncertain
People excommunicated by the Catholic Church
Piast dynasty
Nora St. Rose is a Trinidadian former cricketer who played as a right-arm medium-fast bowler. They appeared in two One Day Internationals for Trinidad and Tobago at the 1973 World Cup, and five Test matches for the West Indies in 1976. They also played domestic cricket for Trinidad and Tobago.
References
External links
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Year of birth missing (living people)
West Indian women cricketers
West Indies women Test cricketers
West Indies women One Day International cricketers
Trinidad and Tobago women cricketers
Richard Paul Scott (born 29 September 1974) is an English professional footballer who made more than 200 appearances in the Football League playing for Birmingham City, Shrewsbury Town and Peterborough United. They played as a defender or midfielder.
Career
Scott joined Birmingham City as a YTS trainee in 1991, and turned professional in May 1993. They made their debut in the Second Division (third tier) on 6 April 1993 in a 1–1 draw at home to Derby County. They played six league games during the 1993–94 season, five the season after, plus seven in cup competitions, but was released in March 1995 and joined Shrewsbury Town. They spent three full seasons with the club, playing 105 league games in Divisions Two and Three, then signed for Peterborough United. In the 1999–2000 season, they helped the club to promotion from the Third Division via the play-offs. At the end of the next season, Scott rejected the offer of a new contract and left the club on a free transfer under the Bosman ruling. After 18 months in non-league football with Telford United and Stevenage Borough, Scott rejoined Peterborough for another 18 months before returning to non-league football for good. They spent a second spell at Stevenage, then played for Cambridge City, Moor Green (initially on loan), Bromsgrove Rovers, Corby Town, Rugby Town, where they acted as player-assistant manager, and Spalding United.
Scott was appointed player-manager of Spalding United in November 2009.
Scott is a UEFA B-licensed coach; in 2009, they were running a soccer school for children.
References
External links
1974 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Dudley
English footballers
Association football defenders
Birmingham City F.C. players
Shrewsbury Town F.C. players
Peterborough United F.C. players
Telford United F.C. players
Stevenage F.C. players
Cambridge City F.C. players
Moor Green F.C. players
Bromsgrove Rovers F.C. players
Corby Town F.C. players
Rugby Town F.C. players
Spalding United F.C. players
English Football League players
National League (English football) players
Southern Football League players
English football managers
is a train station in Kitagata Town, Takeo, Saga Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Sasebo Line.
Lines
The station is served by the Sasebo Line and is located 7.4 km from the starting point of the line at . Only Sasebo Line local services stop at this station.
Station layout
The station, which is unstaffed, consists of a side and an island platform serving three tracks. Sidings branch off tracks 1 and 3. The station building is a timber structure which presently serves only as a waiting room. Access to the island platform is by means of a footbridge.
Adjacent stations
History
The private Kyushu Railway had opened a track from to on 20 August 1891. In the next phase of expansion, the track was extended westwards with Takeo (today ) opening as the new western terminus on 5 May 1895. Kitagata was opened on the same day as an intermediate station along the new stretch of track. When the Kyushu Railway was nationalized on 1 July 1907, Japanese Government Railways (JGR) took over control of the station. On 12 October 1909, the station became part of the Nagasaki Main Line. On 1 December 1934, another track was designated the Nagasaki Main Line and the track serving the station was redesignated the Sasebo Line. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR), the successor of JGR, on 1 April 1987, control of the station passed to JR Kyushu.
Passenger statistics
In fiscal 2015, there were a total of 36,647 boarding passengers, giving a daily average of 100 passengers.
Environs
National Route 34
Rokkaku River
See also
List of railway stations in Japan
References
External links
Kitagata Station (JR Kyushu)
Sasebo Line
Railway stations in Saga Prefecture
Railway stations in Japan opened in 1895
The 2020 NHL Stadium Series was an outdoor regular season National Hockey League (NHL) game, part of the Stadium Series of games that took place on February 15, 2020. The game featured the Los Angeles Kings and the Colorado Avalanche at Falcon Stadium, located on the campus of the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. The Kings defeated the Avalanche by a score of 3–1. This was the only game in the Stadium Series that has been scheduled so far for the 2019–20 season (as opposed to multiple games in 2014 and 2016).
The United States Air Force Academy's a cappella group and America's Got Talent Season 12 semi-finalist In The Stairwell performed the anthem prior to puck drop while country music artist Sam Hunt performed during the first intermission.
Background
This was the second time the Avalanche have hosted the Stadium Series, as they last hosted the event in 2016 at Coors Field, as well as the second time a military academy has hosted the Stadium Series, after Navy–Marine Corps Memorial Stadium hosted the 2018 event. Also, this was the Kings' third NHL outdoor regular season game, following the 2014 and 2015 Stadium Series. This marks their second as the visiting team.
Traffic issues
Due to traffic issues getting into Falcon Stadium during that day, a number of fans ended up missing large portions of the game. Both the league and the Air Force Academy had sent out traffic advisories throughout the week beforehand. But several accidents, and lane closures on Interstate 25 for emergency pothole repairs combined with delays getting through security at the academy's two main gates turned what is normally about a 45-minute drive from Denver to over four hours. A fatal accident then occurred after the game at the north gate, causing all vehicles to be rerouted through the south gate. The academy later issued a statement saying that it did all it could to ease the congestion, but "despite our best efforts, all of these, added to the already challenging traffic conditions along the I-25 corridor, combined and unfortunately impacted some fans travelling to the game". In addition, fans complained about long waits and shortages of food and apparel at the Academy as well.
Game summary
The Los Angeles Kings defeated the Colorado Avalanche 3–1, with Kings forward Tyler Toffoli recording the first hat trick in an NHL outdoor game. Toffoli opened up the scoring at 14:01 of the first period. Colorado defenseman Samuel Girard tied the game less than a minute left in the second period. Toffoli then scored the game-winning goal with 55 seconds left and then added an empty-net goal with five seconds remaining. Los Angeles goalie Jonathan Quick made 32 saves in the win. Colorado goalie Philipp Grubauer made 14 saves before leaving the game with an injury in the third period, while backup goalie Pavel Francouz made six saves.
Number in parentheses represents the player's total in goals or assists to that point of the season
Team rosters
Cal Petersen dressed as the back-up goaltender for Los Angeles and did not enter the game.
Scratches
Los Angeles Kings: Derek Forbort, Ben Hutton, Nikolai Prokhorkin
Colorado Avalanche: Mark Barberio, T.J. Tynan
References
Stadium Series
NHL Stadium Series
2020
Los Angeles Kings games
Colorado Avalanche games
NHL Stadium Series
Ice hockey in Colorado
Sports competitions in Colorado Springs, Colorado
United States Air Force Academy
NHL Stadium Series
80° Below '82 is an album by the improvisational collective Air featuring Henry Threadgill, Steve McCall and Fred Hopkins recorded in 1982 for the Antilles label.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Scott Yanow awarded the album 3 stars, stating, "This blues-oriented set is more accessible than many of Air's previous recordings without watering down the explorative nature of this always-interesting group". The Rolling Stone Jazz Record Guide said it "captures the telepathic agreement of Air's members in full glory".
Track listing
All compositions by Henry Threadgill except where noted.
"Chicago Breakdown" (Jelly Roll Morton) – 7:58
"The Traveller" – 9:28
"80° Below '82" – 8:02
"Do Tell" – 9:50
Personnel
Henry Threadgill – alto saxophone
Fred Hopkins – bass
Steve McCall – trap drums
References
1982 albums
Air (free jazz trio) albums
Antilles Records albums
Kunduana is one of the highest ranked clans (or Gotras) among Gujjars.They are found in Pakistan and Northern India (Kashmir).
Geographical distribution
India
In India, Kunduanas reside mainly in the states of Punjab (India) and Kashmir. In Punjab, 5 villages have only Kunduanas. They are also found in tehsils of Srinagar.
Pakistan
In Pakistan, Kunduana / Kunduwana Clans are found in Gujrat, Gujranwala, Lahore, Faisalabad, Chakwal, Sialkot, Sahiwal, Sargodha, Hafizabad, Narowal, Bahawalpur Multan and Bahawalnagar, Sheikhupura districts of Punjab (Pakistan).
Religion
The majority of Kunduanas are Muslim. The Muslim population of Kunduana lives predominantly in Pakistan.
History
The Kunduanas are one of the oldest Gujjar clans in South West Asia. Although they are included amongst the larger Gujjar gotra.
Gurjar clans
The following is a list of paintings by the Dutch Golden Age painter Johannes Vermeer (1632–1675). After two or three early history paintings, they concentrated almost entirely on genre works, typically interiors with one or two figures. Their popularity is due less to their subject matter than to the poetic manner in which they portray their subjects and that they lived a very difficult life. Vermeer's paintings of the 1660s are generally more popular than their work from the 1670s: in the eyes of some, their later work is colder.
Today, 34 paintings are firmly attributed to him, with question marks over a further three. This compares to the 74 pictures attributed to them by a Theophile Burger in 1866. Vermeer's reputation increased greatly during the latter half of the 20th century, a period during which the number of paintings ascribed to them shrank greatly. This is partly because they have been one of the most widely forged artists, and many forgeries have now been identified. No drawings or preparatory paintings are known. Many Vermeer paintings are known by various names, and alternative names are noted below. Years of creation are only estimates for most of the paintings, and sources often give different, though not widely divergent, estimates. In addition to the known paintings listed below, historical documents seem to describe at least six other, lost, works.
Paintings by Johannes Vermeer
Disputed paintings
Lost works
Historical documents such as auction records suggest that Vermeer painted a number of other works, now presumably destroyed, lost to public view, or possibly wrongly attributed to other artists. While a list of these lost Vermeers must necessarily be tentative, it may include:
a self-portrait
a painting of a man washing their hands
a second street scene (the first being The Little Street)
a Visit to the Tomb – possibly Biblical
a mythological painting including Jupiter
a relatively early painting described as a 'face by Vermeer'
Footnotes
Sources
Bonafoux, Pascal. Vermeer. New York: Konecky & Konecky, 1992.
Cant, Serena. Vermeer and Their World 1632–1675, Quercus Publishing Plc, 2009.
Wheelock, Arthur K. Vermeer: The Complete Works. New York: Harry N. Abrams, 1997.
Vermeer
Lachlan Lewis (born 19 August 1996) is an Australian rugby league footballer who last played as a or for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs in the NRL.
Background
Lewis was born in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia and is the nephew of Queensland legend Wally Lewis and cousin of actor Lincoln Lewis.
Lewis played their junior football for the Capalaba Warriors and the Souths Logan Magpies and was educated at Iona College, playing alongside future Waratah-turned-Rebel Brad Wilkin before being signed by the Canberra Raiders. Lewis represented the Queensland under 16s and 18s team. Lewis played for the Raiders NYC team in 2014-2016. On 17 April 2016, Lewis signed a 2-year contract with the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs effective immediately. Lewis played 10 matches for the Bulldogs NYC team in 2016. On 13 July 2016, Lewis represented the Queensland Under 20s team against the New South Wales Under-20s team, playing off the interchange bench in the 36-22 loss at Suncorp Stadium. Lewis played for the Bulldogs NSW Cup team in 2017. Outside of Rugby League, Lewis is also a Licensed Plumber.
Playing career
2018
Lewis spent the first half of the season playing in Canterbury's NSW Cup team before the mid-season departure of Moses Mbye to the Wests Tigers and marquee half Kieran Foran was ruled out for the rest of the season after Round 12 due to a toe injury. In Round 16 of the 2018 NRL season, Lewis made their NRL debut for the Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs against the Newcastle Knights, playing at five-eighth in the 36-16 win at Hunter Stadium. On 18 July 2018, Lewis extended their contract with the Bulldogs to the end of the 2020 season. In Round 23 against the New Zealand Warriors, on their 22nd birthday, Lewis had exceptional match, scoring a try and kicking a field goal with 2 minutes remaining to win the match for the Bulldogs 27-26 at ANZ Stadium. Lewis finished their debut year in the NRL playing in 9 matches, scoring 1 try and kicking 1 field goal for the Bulldogs in the 2018 NRL season.
2019
In the Good Friday Round 6 match against South Sydney, Lewis had a sledging battle with Souths captain Sam Burgess who said to Lewis that they would be “Found Out”. When Burgess would target the smaller Lewis, who is 26 kg lighter, Lewis put on big hits and forced an error from Burgess which got them frustrated and was deliberately slowing down the rucks during Canterbury's 14-6 loss at ANZ Stadium. Lewis commented that their battle with Burgess “It was probably like a fly hitting a car - it didn't look like it affected them at all.”
Following Canterbury's round 8 loss to Manly, Lewis was demoted to reserve grade by coach Dean Pay and was replaced by Jack Cogger. At the time of their demotion, Canterbury had only won 2 of their first 6 games.
Lewis made a total of 15 appearances for Canterbury-Bankstown in the 2019 NRL season as the club finished 12th on the table. At one stage of the season, Canterbury were in last position on the ladder before achieving four upset victories in a row over Penrith, the Wests Tigers, South Sydney and Parramatta who were all competing for a place in the finals series and were higher on the table.
2020
Lewis made 13 appearances for Canterbury in the 2020 NRL season. The club finished in 15th place on the table, only avoiding the Wooden Spoon by for and against.
2021
In round 17 of the 2021 NRL season, Lewis scored two tries for Canterbury in a 22-16 loss against the Sydney Roosters, which left the club bottom of the table, four points adrift of second last Brisbane.
The following week, Lewis was bizarrely sent to the sin bin after the half-time siren when they grabbed South Sydney player Cody Walker and threw them to the ground. Canterbury would go on to lose the match 32-24.
On 31 August, Lewis was one of twelve players who were told by Canterbury that they would not be offered a contract for the 2022 season and would be released at season's end.
Controversy
On 27 August 2021, Lewis was stood down by Canterbury after allegedly trying to sell on Ebay a soundbar provided by the NRL to teams in lockdown. The matter was referred onto the NRL Integrity Unit.
References
External links
Bulldogs profile
1996 births
Australian rugby league players
Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs players
Rugby league five-eighths
Rugby league halfbacks
Rugby league centres
Rugby league players from Brisbane
Living people
Michael Morales (born April 25, 1963) is an American musician most known for the Top 40-charting songs, "Who Do You Give Your Love To?", (No. 15 Billboard Hot 100), and a cover version of The Romantics' "What I Like About You", (No. 28 Billboard Hot 100).
Early life
Born in San Antonio, Texas, they came from a musical family, (father, Henry, met their mother, Felicia, when the two were to perform together on a radio broadcast). As a child, Morales formed and played guitar, drums and piano in several bands including Crimson Sash. In 1980, they founded the popular band, The Max, in which they would perform until signing their first recording contract with PolyGram Records in 1988.
Career
Morales' debut album, the self-titled Michael Morales, was released by Polygram in 1989. It garnered MTV airplay and landed three hit singles on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, including "Who Do You Give Your Love To?", (peaked No. 15 Billboard Hot 100). Before releasing their second album on PolyGram, Thump (1991), they founded Studio M in San Antonio. There they and brother, Ron Morales, have won four Grammy awards for records produced and recorded at Studio M. In 2000, Morales released their third CD on Major/MTM Records entitled That's The Way.
Aside from chart success, Morales's music can be heard in a number of feature films, including the 2000 Woody Allen film, Picking Up the Pieces, and the Cannes Film Festival winner, The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada, from 2005.
Morales has also worked with several big names such as Beyoncé, Def Leppard, Selena, Cee Lo Green, and more.
To date, Morales's works have been nominated for six Grammy Awards and has won four of them.
Current life
Morales resides in San Antonio with their wife and two children. Their other brother is former Texas state attorney general, Dan Morales. They have their own music lesson business in San Antonio, called the Michael Morales Rockstar Academy and Rock Music Institute.
Discography
Studio albums
1989: Michael Morales
1991: Thump
1999: That's the Way
Singles
References
External links
www.studioMus.com
www.moralesacademy.com
1963 births
Living people
Record producers from Texas
Singer-songwriters from Texas
American male singer-songwriters
American people of Latin American descent
A Commentary on the General Prologue to The Canterbury Tales is a 1948 doctoral dissertation by Muriel Bowden that examines historical backgrounds to characters in Geoffrey Chaucer's The Canterbury Tales within the context of its General Prologue.
References
1948 non-fiction books
The Canterbury Tales
English-language books
Andrew John Dawes OAM is an Australian five time Paralympic wheelchair coach. In 2012 Dawes coached Christie Dawes and Kurt Fearnley to the London Paralympics. They currently are the New South Wales Institute of Sport (NSWIS) Wheelchair Track and Road head coach.
Personal
Dawes was born on 30 September 1969 in Orange, New South Wales.  They are married to Paralympic athlete Christie Dawes who they also coach. They have a son who was born in 2011.
Coaching career
Dawes began their career as a physical education teacher. They went on to become a coach for the Australian wheelchair track and road team at the 1996 Paralympics.
In the 1998 IPC World Track and Field Championships, Dawes was named as the national team coach. They have gone on to coach several successful athletes including Louise Sauvage, Greg Smith and Fabian Blattman.
They have attended four successive Summer Paralympics from 2000-2012 as an assistant coach and as a coach.
In the 2004 Summer Paralympics Dawes coached Kurt Fearnley to success where they won gold. Additionally, their wife Christie won silver in the 4 × 100 m relay team at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
In 2012 three of Dawes' athletes, Christie Dawes, Kurt Fearnley and Rosemary Little, participated in the 2012 Summer Paralympics. Where Christie won bronze, Fearnley won silver and bronze and Little won bronze.
Currently, Dawes is the head coach of the NSWIS Wheelchair Track & Road Program.
Recognition
In 2014 Dawes was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia for service to athletics as a wheelchair track and road coach.
References
External links
Andrew Dawes - Paralympic Legend
Australian athletics coaches
Paralympic coaches of Australia
Coaches at the 1996 Summer Paralympics
Coaches at the 2000 Summer Paralympics
Coaches at the 2004 Summer Paralympics
Coaches at the 2008 Summer Paralympics
Coaches at the 2012 Summer Paralympics
Paralympic athletics (track and field) coaches
Recipients of the Medal of the Order of Australia
1969 births
Living people
People from Orange, New South Wales
The Former Residence of Cai Yuanpei or Cai Yuanpei's Former Residence () is the birthplace of Cai Yuanpei, a Chinese educator, esperantist, president of Peking University, and founder of the Academia Sinica.
History
The former residence was originally built by Cai Jiamo (), the grandfather of Cai Yuanpei, in the reign of Daoguang Emperor (1821–1850) in the Qing dynasty (1644–1911).
On 11 January 1868, Cai Yuanpei was born here.
On 25 June 2011, it was listed among the fifth group of "State Cultural Protection Relics Units" by the State Council of China.
Architecture
It has a building area of about , embodies buildings such as the main hall, the gate and the reception hall.
Gallery
References
Major National Historical and Cultural Sites in Zhejiang
Traditional folk houses in Zhejiang
Buildings and structures in Shaoxing
Tourist attractions in Shaoxing
Mayschoß is a municipality in the district of Ahrweiler, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.
References
Ahrweiler (district)
Susan Cooper (born 1935) is a British author of children's books.
Susan Cooper is also the name of:
Susan Cooper (swimmer) (born 1963), British Olympic swimmer
Susan Cooper (physicist), professor of experimental physics at Oxford University
Susan Fenimore Cooper (1813–1894), writer
Susan Rogers Cooper (born 1947), American mystery novelist
See also
Susie Cooper, English ceramic designer
John Lester Moss (May 14, 1925 – August 29, 2012) was an American professional baseball player, coach, scout and manager. They played in Major League Baseball as a catcher for the St. Louis Browns for the most significant portion of their career, and was a backup catcher almost all their career.
Baseball career
Born in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Moss threw and batted right-handed; they were listed as tall and . They began their professional baseball career in at the age of 17, playing for the Americus Pioneers of the Georgia–Florida League. In they moved up to the Class A Elmira Pioneers of the Eastern League where they posted a .308 batting average in 96 games. They missed the and seasons while serving in the Merchant Marines during the Second World War. They would play for the Toledo Mud Hens in , hitting .297 in 121 games before, being called up late in the season to make their major league debut at the age of 21 with the St. Louis Browns on September 10.
Moss platooned alongside left-handed-hitting catcher Jake Early, producing a .157 batting average in 96 games during the 1947 season. They caught the majority of the games for the Browns in 1948 while their hitting improved substantially, with a .257 average along with 14 home runs and 46 runs batted in. In 1949, the Browns acquired 24-year-old Sherm Lollar from the New York Yankees and Moss became the second-string catcher. Moss' hitting continued to improve with a .291 average and an impressive .399 on-base percentage.
On May 17, 1951, Moss was traded to the Boston Red Sox. After producing a .198 batting average in 71 games for the Red Sox, they were shipped back to the Browns on November 28, 1951. They continued as the Browns' second string catcher backing up Clint Courtney. Moss was the Browns' catcher on May 6, 1953 when Bobo Holloman pitched a no-hitter against the Philadelphia Athletics. In 1954, the Browns relocated to Baltimore and were renamed the Orioles. Moss played one full season in Baltimore before being traded to the Chicago White Sox on June 6, 1955, where they once again served as a backup to Sherm Lollar. They played three more seasons with the White Sox before ending their major league career after the 1958 season. They would remain a member of the White Sox organization for the next dozen years.
Moss returned to the minor leagues, appearing in two games for the Indianapolis Indians in and then, appeared in three games for the San Diego Padres in , before retiring as a player at the age of 35.
Career statistics
In a 13-year major league career, Moss played in 824 games, accumulating 552 hits in 2,234 at bats for a .247 career batting average along with 63 home runs, 276 runs batted in and a .333 on-base percentage. They ended their career with a .978 fielding percentage.
Coaching and managing career
After their playing career, Moss served as the White Sox' batting practice catcher, then moved into their player development organization as a manager in their farm system and an occasional scout through 1966. In , they managed the Lynchburg White Sox to a second-place finish, and was named the Sally League manager of the year. In they returned to Indianapolis and managed the Triple-A Indians to a second-place finish. They were a coach on the White Sox' MLB staff from 1967 to 1970. Moss served as interim manager in 1968 for 36 games when White Sox manager Al López had to undergo an emergency appendectomy. They were the White Sox pitching coach in 1970.
From through , Moss managed high-level teams in the California Angels' system, at Shreveport of the Texas League and Salt Lake City of the Pacific Coast League. Then, after a year as an Angels' scout, in , Moss was hired by the Detroit Tigers to manage in their minor league organisation. They managed the Montgomery Rebels to two Southern League championships in 1975 and . In and , Moss managed the Tigers' Triple-A affiliate, the Evansville Triplets. There they were credited with developing Lance Parrish's catching skills, after the Tigers converted them from a third baseman. After the 1978 season, Moss was voted Manager of the Year in the American Association, and The Sporting News named them Minor League Manager of the Year.
Moss succeeded Ralph Houk as manager for the 1979 Detroit Tigers. In their time with the Tigers they went 27–26. They actually are not fired for cause or because they were ineffective, but rather because Sparky Anderson had unexpectedly become available. Moss was named manager soon after the 1978 season concluded. However, the Tigers had not counted on Anderson being fired on November 27, 1978 by the Cincinnati Reds. Moss was a victim of bad timing, as the Tigers came to a deal to bring Anderson to the Tigers after the first third of the 1979 season. Dick Tracewski coached four games as interim manager until Anderson's arrival.
Moss finished with a managing record of 39–50 (.438) in 89 games. Moss became a minor-league pitching instructor in the Chicago Cubs' system in 1980, then served as pitching coach of the MLB Cubs in 1981 and Houston Astros from 1983 to 1989, helping the Astros win the 1986 National League Western Division title. Mike Scott won the 1986 National League Cy Young Award while Moss served as the Astros' pitching coach. In 1990, they worked as minor-league pitching instructor for the Astros, before working as a pitching coordinator for the San Francisco Giants starting in . They retired from baseball in .
Moss died in Longwood, Florida on August 29, at the age of 87.
Managerial record
References
External links
, or Retrosheet, or SABR Biography Project
1925 births
2012 deaths
Americus Pioneers players
Baltimore Orioles players
Baseball players from Oklahoma
Boston Red Sox players
California Angels scouts
Chicago Cubs coaches
Chicago White Sox coaches
Chicago White Sox managers
Chicago White Sox players
Chicago White Sox scouts
Detroit Tigers managers
Elmira Pioneers players
Houston Astros coaches
Indianapolis Indians managers
Indianapolis Indians players
Major League Baseball bullpen coaches
Major League Baseball catchers
Major League Baseball pitching coaches
Rapiños de Occidente players
San Diego Padres (minor league) players
Sportspeople from Tulsa, Oklahoma
St. Louis Browns players
Toledo Mud Hens players
"Run on Love" is a song recorded by Swedish musician Lucas Nord. It features vocals by Swedish singer Tove Lo, who co-wrote the song. The single, taken from Nord's 2013 debut album Islands, reached number one on Billboard's Dance Club Songs chart the week ending 2 January 2016, giving Nord their first U.S. chart topper and Lo their third consecutive number one on this chart. The song's music video featured a relationship as seen from the eyes of a boyfriend (through the viewer of the video) as they spend time with their girlfriend (played by Lo) through the streets of Stockholm, Sweden.
Track listing
2013 release
1 "Run on Love" (Radio Edit) – 3:58
2 "Run on Love" (Extended Mix) – 4:50
3 "Run on Love" (Emil Hero Remix) – 3:54
4 "Run on Love" (Wickman Remix) – 6:35
5 "Run on Love" (Callaway & Rosta Remix) – 6:21
6 "Run on Love" (Joaquin Remix) – 4:45
2015 release
1 "Run on Love" (Radio Edit) – 3:58
2 "Run on Love" (JKGD Radio Edit) – 3:29
3 "Run on Love" (Extended Mix) – 4:50
4 "Run on Love" (JKGD Extended Mix) – 4:43
5 "Run on Love" (Babyboi Remix) – 5:30
6 "Run on Love" (Pri Yon Joni Remix) – 6:30
7 "Run on Love" (MARAUD3R Remix) – 6:01
8 "Run on Love" (Tonekind Remix) – 4:52
9 "Run on Love" (Funky Junction Remix) – 4:44
2015 re-release
1. "Run on Love" (Dave Audé Club Mix) – 5:55
2. "Run on Love" (Tony Moran & Deep Influence Mix) – 8:07
3. "Run on Love" (Rasmus Faber Remix) – 5:31
4. "Run on Love" (Emil Héro Remix) – 3:54
5. "Run on Love" (Wickman Remix) – 6:35
6. "Run on Love" (Callaway & Rosta Remix) – 6:21
7. "Run on Love" (Joaquin Remix) – 4:45
Charts
Weekly Charts
Year-end
References
External links
2013 singles
2013 songs
2015 singles
Tove Lo songs
Songs written by Tove Lo
Cool is a studio album by American keyboardist George Duke. The album reached No. 10 on the Billboard Top Contemporary Jazz Albums chart and No. 11 on the Billboard Top Jazz Albums chart.
Overview
Artists such as Flora Purim, Howard Hewett, Everette Harp, Philip Bailey, Paul Jackson Jr., Lynn Davis, Josie James, and Robert Brookins appeared upon the album.
Critical reception
The album was Grammy nominated in the category of Best Traditional R&B Vocal Album.
Tracklisting
References
2000 albums
George Duke albums
albums produced by George Duke
Jazz-funk albums
Warner Records albums
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1968 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and Starts won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Permit is a 1979 Pakistani Punjabi action musical film directed by Imtiaz Quraish and produced by Javed Ashraf.
Cast
Soundtrack
References
External links
Permit (1979) Action film
Pakistani action films
Pakistani crime films
1979 films
Punjabi-language Pakistani films
Nigar Award winners
1970s Punjabi-language films
Falehau is a village on the island of Niuatoputapu in Tonga. The population is 218.
The other two villages on Niuatoputapu are Hihifo, which is the main village on the island, and Vaipoa.
Falehau was extensively damaged by the 2009 Samoa earthquake and tsunami. The tsunami resulted from an 8.0 Mw earthquake in the Samoan Islands region at 06:48:11 local time on 29 September 2009 (17:48:11 UTC).
References
Populated places in Niuas
The 1933–34 Palestine League was the second season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine. The defending champions, British Police didn't take part in this season following an order by the High Commissioner forbidding British teams to play Jewish teams.
The season was played between November 1933 and April 1934. Five matches remained to be played, but were never completed. The championship was won by Hapoel Tel Aviv, who finished the season unbeaten.
League table
References
RSSSF
100 Years of Football 1906-2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006
On Mistakes and Omissions In the 1933-34 Palestine League Table Eran Rabl
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
1933–34 in Mandatory Palestine football
Football
Football
Djamaluddin Malik (13 February, 1917 – 8 June, 1970) was a prominent Indonesian film producer, politician, entrepreneur. They founded the Jakarta Indonesian company Persari Film.
Personal life
Malik was born in Padang, West Sumatra. Their father was a Pagaruyung descendant, in the Minangkabau hinterland. They died in Munich, Germany in 1970. During their lifetime in Senen their friends called them "the king of artists".
Career
Malik started their career in the Dutch shipping business, then worked in a Dutch trading company, where they gained experience in business and finance, so that they could eventually found their own company.
In 1942 they entered the world of art and culture. They started a theatrical group, Panca Warna. To help Indonesian independence, they showed around Indonesia to inspire spirit and patriotism. In 1951 Djamaluddin established and became President of PT Persari (Perseroan Artis Indonesia). In this effort, they were inspired by United Artists in Hollywood, United States. Persari has a complete film studio in Jatinegara. During the same time Malik was President of the electrical installation company Prapatak and of the weaving company PT Cimalaka in Sumedang, West Java.
Djamaluddin Malik was the Nahdlatul Ulama politician and the member of People's Representative Council. They were also as the chairperson of National Film Council.
Family
Malik married Elly Yunara. They had four children: Zainal Malik, Camelia Malik, Yudha Asmara Malik, and Lailasari Malik. Camelia follows their career, as an actor and pop-dangdut singer. Their wife, continued the family interests by founding PT. Remaja Ellynda Film. It successfully produced Malin Kundang and Jembatan Merah.
Awards
The government appointed Djamaluddin and Usmar Ismail as Cinema of Indonesian figures.
Filmography
Rodrigo de Villa (1952)
Leilani (1953)
Lagu Kenangan (1953)
Tabu (1953)
Supir Istimewa (1954)
Tarmina (1955)
Ratu Asia
Tauhid
Notes
External links
https://web.archive.org/web/20090610211435/http://perfilman.pnri.go.id/djamaluddin/
1917 births
1970 deaths
Indonesian film directors
Minangkabau people
Members of the People's Representative Council
The following songs are available for download for both Lips titles from the Xbox Live Marketplace. Most songs, unless otherwise noted, are available in all Xbox Live enabled locales. Some of the downloadable songs are already available on-disc in some locales. Most songs are available for 160 MSP with some priced at 180 MSP. In some instances, DLC does not include music videos due to the time the original songs were released. Lastly, genres are shown in the table below as they are listed on the Get Music section.
Since the release of Lips: Deutsche Partyknaller, downloadable German songs have been made available for purchase across the Lips platform, the player does not need to buy Deutsche Partyknaller to download this DLC; however, these songs are restricted to certain locales (Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Belgium). Likewise, after the release of Lips: Canta en Español, new Spanish songs will be available for purchase in Mexico and Spain.
Singles
Main series
Due to reasons unknown some Lips songs have been delisted from the Marketplace
Foreign songs
Ever since the release of Deutsche Partyknaller, some songs have been made available as downloadable content in other regions. These are categorized as Region Locked Songs, since it is impossible to download them outside of their respective locales. The following a list of these foreign songs.
Key:
DE: Germany
ES: Spain/Mexico
NR: Scandinavian countries
Song packs
Artist packs
Song packs offer three songs at a discounted price. They were made available on April 10, 2009 for the first time. Artist song packs cost 440 MSP each. The Colbie Caillat Song Pack was only available through a special promotion starting October 20, 2009. However, it was released one month later than worldwide DLC.
Themed packs
In addition, several miscellaneous song packs are available to choose from various sources. Some are gotten by using the various codes found in either Lips: Number One Hits or Lips: Canta en Español. In the case of NOH, Players can get one of the song packs at no cost. It is unknown whether or not players will be able to purchase other packs at a later date. The following is a list of the bundles and their genre:
Promotions
In December 2008, a-ha's Take On Me was available at no cost as DLC for other countries. This promotion was discontinued around June 2009.
In April 2009, AT&T and iNiS presented the Lips Open Mic contest, in which the winner was to get a song and their respective music video on Lips. The winner of this contest was the electro band, ForeverGirl. On June 11, their song Shake The World was made available as free downloadable content through the Xbox Live Marketplace.
In June 2009, Microsoft teamed up with CrystalRoc, makers of customized music instruments to create limited edition “Lips” wireless microphones made with Swarovski Elements. These special microphones will be handed out as rewards in future contests.
In October 2009, a partnership was made together with retailer Best Buy and pop star Colbie Caillat to release an exclusive three song packs. This song pack was only available as a retail bonus from buying Lips: Number One Hits at Best Buy. The song pack was released as worldwide DLC one month later.
Number One Hits includes a coupon code that lets players download a themed 5 song packs for free. It is unknown whether or not players will be able to purchase the others at a later date. Canta en Español also features a similar promotion.
External links
Lips - Official site.
Lips
Dynamic lists
Lips (video game)
Nicholas Paul Rimando (born June 17, 1979) is an American retired soccer player who last played as a goalkeeper for Real Salt Lake in Major League Soccer and the United States national team. They hold the Major League Soccer records for career wins, shutouts, saves, and overall appearances.
Youth and college
Rimando was born in Montclair, California and attended Montclair High School. They played two years of college soccer at UCLA. As a first-year student in 1997, they tended goal as the Bruins won the College Cup; after their sophomore year, they signed a Project-40 contract with MLS.
Professional career
Miami and D.C.
Rimando was selected 35th in the third round of the 2000 MLS SuperDraft by the Miami Fusion, and quickly took the starting position from Jeff Cassar, starting 22 games as a rookie. They started 25 games the following season, helping the Fusion to win the 2001 MLS Supporters' Shield.
When the Fusion were contracted after the 2001 season, Rimando was selected third overall by D.C. United (his coach at Miami, Ray Hudson, was the new United boss) in the subsequent Allocation Draft.
For DC, Rimando played in every game in 2002 and in 25 games in 2003 until they missed the end of the season with an injury. In 2004, with Hudson gone, they lost their starting job to Troy Perkins, but regained it for the stretch run, backstopping DC to the MLS Cup. In 2005, they regained their everyday starter status, but was beaten out by Perkins again in 2006, playing only two games during the whole season.
Real Salt Lake
On December 11, 2006, Rimando was traded along with Freddy Adu to Real Salt Lake. They were then traded to New York Red Bulls on February 9, only to be traded back to Real Salt Lake on February 23 following the sudden retirement of the latter team's first-choice keeper Scott Garlick.
Rimando was RSL's first-choice keeper during the 2007 season. Their team struggled constantly and never seriously contended for a playoff berth, but Rimando led MLS with 146 saves in 27 games, including efforts against New England (13 saves in a 0-0 draw on June 2) and Toronto FC (12 saves in a 0-0 draw on September 15). Their hard work was rewarded at the end of the season when they were named Real Salt Lake's 2007 Most Valuable Player.
Rimando continued as Salt Lake's first-choice keeper in 2008 and 2009. They emerged as one of the top keepers in the league, as evidenced by their MLS Player of the Month award in July 2008. Their strong performance between the pipes, combined with their team's much-improved defensive play, carried the team to Western Conference Final in 2008 and even further in 2009. In the Eastern Conference Final against the Chicago Fire, RSL battled to a scoreless draw after 120 minutes. Rimando made several saves in regulation and overtime, then added three saves on penalty kicks, lifting their team to a 5-4 shootout victory. In the MLS Cup championship match, Rimando again found themselves facing a shootout, and again they delivered. They made three saves, leading RSL to a victory over the Los Angeles Galaxy. For their efforts, they were named MLS Cup MVP, only the second goalkeeper to earn the honor (Tony Meola accomplished the feat in 2000).
In 2010, RSL emerged as possibly the greatest defensive team in the history of Major League Soccer. With Rimando as goalkeeper, Salt Lake set an MLS record for fewest goals allowed in a single season - just 20 in 30 matches. Rimando also set club records for most shutouts in a single season (14) and longest shutout streak (568 minutes). Additionally, the team set a league record for highest goal differential (+25), but they were upset by FC Dallas in the first round of the playoffs and couldn't defend their MLS Cup title from the previous season. Despite their stellar season - one of the greatest ever by a keeper in American professional soccer - Rimando did not receive the MLS Goalkeeper of the Year award. Instead, it was given to Donovan Ricketts of the L.A. Galaxy, which caused some controversy around the league.
On February 4, 2011, Rimando signed a contract extension with RSL that kept them with the club through the 2013 season.
On March 3, 2013, Rimando became the 2nd MLS goalkeeper to earn 100 shutouts after a 2-0 win over the San Jose Earthquakes.
In December 2013, Real Salt Lake and Rimando traveled to Sporting Park in Kansas City, Kansas to face Sporting Kansas City for the MLS Championship Game. Rimando played well despite 10 degree temperatures. They made four major saves in the game. Their third save was perhaps the best. Graham Zusi shot a high half volley, but Rimando tipped it over the crossbar. The game went on to penalty kicks after a 1-1 draw. Rimando saved a penalty kick from Matt Besler, but Real Salt Lake lost in sudden death.
On August 9, 2014, playing at home against their former club, D.C. United, Rimando secured the lead in career shutouts for an MLS goalkeeper in a 3-0 win.
On March 1, 2019, Rimando announced they would be retiring following the 2019 season.
Rimando played their final game on October 23, 2019, away, in an 0-2 defeat against the Seattle Sounders, in the first season of single elimination MLS Cup playoffs, in regulation time. Despite having an injured left shoulder, Rimando made 7 saves. They said during the postgame interview, that they enjoyed their 20 years in MLS, gave so much to the sport, is grateful to the sport, grateful to everyone involved in their career, and will see what happens next.
International career
Although mostly a backup to Tim Howard, Rimando played for the United States at the 1999 World Youth Championship in Nigeria. They earned their first senior team cap on November 17, 2002 against El Salvador. After that, they did not receive much attention from the national team until their outstanding play in MLS in 2009 caught the attention of U.S. coach Bob Bradley. Rimando was invited to train with the senior team in 2010 in preparation for the World Cup, although they were not selected for the tournament. They have made some international appearances since then, including a standout performance in a friendly against Panama on January 25, 2012. They were consistently the third-choice keeper under former manager Jurgen Klinsmann, and was the first-choice keeper at the 2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup.
On May 22, 2014 Rimando was named to the final 23-man roster for the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil. The tournament was their first-ever World Cup finals roster, though they did not log any minutes in any of the USMNT's matches.
Personal life
Rimando's father is of Filipino descent and their mother is of Mexican descent. In December 2005, Rimando married their longtime girlfriend, Jacqui Little. They played for the Washington Freedom in the now-defunct WUSA and is also from California. The wedding was performed by teammate Ben Olsen in Malibu, California. Rimando and Little have two children, Jett Nicholas Rimando and Benny Rose Rimando. They have since divorced.
Career statistics
Honors
United States
CONCACAF Gold Cup: 2013
Miami Fusion
MLS Supporters' Shield: 2001
D.C. United
MLS Cup: 2004
MLS Supporters' Shield: 2006
Real Salt Lake
MLS Cup: 2009
Individual
MLS Cup Most Valuable Player: 2009
MLS All-Star: 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2019
MLS Save of the Year: 2012, 2013, 2019
References
External links
U.S. Soccer player profile
Rimando at Real Salt Lake Official Website
AS.com Rimando
Nick Rimando worldfootball.net
1979 births
Living people
American soccer players
American sportspeople of Filipino descent
American sportspeople of Mexican descent
Association football goalkeepers
UCLA Bruins men's soccer players
Miami Fusion players
MLS Pro-40 players
D.C. United players
Real Salt Lake players
People from Montclair, California
Soccer players from California
Sportspeople from San Bernardino County, California
2011 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2013 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
2014 FIFA World Cup players
2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
CONCACAF Gold Cup-winning players
Major League Soccer players
Major League Soccer All-Stars
USL A-League players
Miami Fusion draft picks
United States men's under-20 international soccer players
United States men's international soccer players
In constructive mathematics, an apartness relation is a constructive form of inequality, and is often taken to be more basic than equality. It is often written as # (⧣ in unicode) to distinguish from the negation of equality (the denial inequality) ≠, which is weaker.
Description
An apartness relation is a symmetric irreflexive binary relation with the additional condition that if two elements are apart, then any other element is apart from at least one of them (this last property is often called co-transitivity or comparison).
That is, a binary relation # is an apartness relation if it satisfies:
The complement of an apartness relation is an equivalence relation, as the above three conditions become reflexivity, symmetry, and transitivity. If this equivalence relation is in fact equality, then the apartness relation is called tight. That is, # is a tight apartness relation if it additionally satisfies:
4.
In classical mathematics, it also follows that every apartness relation is the complement of an equivalence relation, and the only tight apartness relation on a given set is the complement of equality. So in that domain, the concept is not useful. In constructive mathematics, however, this is not the case.
The prototypical apartness relation is that of the real numbers: two real numbers are said to be apart if there exists (one can construct) a rational number between them. In other words, real numbers x and y are apart if there exists a rational number z such that x < z < y or y < z < x. The natural apartness relation of the real numbers is then the disjunction of its natural pseudo-order. The complex numbers, real vector spaces, and indeed any metric space then naturally inherit the apartness relation of the real numbers, even though they do not come equipped with any natural ordering.
If there is no rational number between two real numbers, then the two real numbers are equal. Classically, then, if two real numbers are not equal, one would conclude that there exists a rational number between them. However it does not follow that one can actually construct such a number. Thus to say two real numbers are apart is a stronger statement, constructively, than to say that they are not equal, and while equality of real numbers is definable in terms of their apartness, the apartness of real numbers cannot be defined in terms of their equality. For this reason, in constructive topology especially, the apartness relation over a set is often taken as primitive, and equality is a defined relation.
A set endowed with an apartness relation is known as a constructive setoid. A function where A and B are constructive setoids is called a morphism for #A and #B if .
References
Constructivism (mathematics)
The 1903 Albany College football team represented Albany College during the 1903 college football season. The team beat Oregon Agricultural. The team also beat Linfield.
Schedule
References
Albany College
Lewis & Clark Pioneers football seasons
Albany College football
The Zhejiang-Jiangxi campaign was a military campaign fought from May to September 1942 as part of the Second Sino-Japanese War. This article in as order of battle, listing the present Chinese and Japanese military forces.
Japan
China Expeditionary Force – General Shunroku Hata (畑俊六) (Late April, 1942)
13th Army – Lt. General Shigeru Sawada (沢田茂)
15th Division – Lt. General Naotsugu Sakai (酒井直次) – KIA
15th Infantry Group HQ
51st Infantry Regiment
60th Infantry Regiment
67th Infantry Regiment
21st Field Artillery Regiment
15th Engineer Regiment
15th Division Signal Unit
15th Transport Regiment
22nd Division – Lt. General Sanji Ōkido (大城戸三治)
84th Infantry regiment
85th Infantry regiment
86th Infantry regiment
52nd Mountain Artillery Regiment
22nd Military Engineer Regiment
22nd Transport Regiment
32nd Division – Lt. General Tetsuzo Ide (井出鉄蔵 [3]) [2]
32nd Infantry Group HQ
210th Infantry Regiment
211th Infantry Regiment
212th Infantry Regiment
32nd Armored Vehicle Squadron
32nd Field Artillery Regiment
32nd Engineer Regiment
32nd Transport Regiment
70th Division – Lt. General Takayuki Uchida (内田孝行)
61st Infantry Brigade
102nd Independent Infantry Battalion
103rd Independent Infantry Battalion
104th Independent Infantry Battalion
105th Independent Infantry Battalion
62nd Infantry Brigade
121st Independent Infantry Battalion
122nd Independent Infantry Battalion
123rd Independent Infantry Battalion
124th Independent Infantry Battalion
Labor troops
116th Division – Lt. General Toshijiro Takeuchi (武内俊二郎)
119th Infantry Brigade
109th Infantry Regiment
120th Infantry Regiment
130th Infantry Brigade
133rd Infantry Regiment
138th Infantry Regiment
120th Cavalry Battalion
122nd Field Artillery Regiment
116th Military Engineer Regiment
116th Transport Regiment
12th Independent Mixed Brigade – Major General Johkichi Nanbu – (南部襄吉) [2]
51st Independent Infantry Battalion
52nd Independent Infantry Battalion
53rd Independent Infantry Battalion
54th Independent Infantry Battalion
55th Independent Infantry Battalion
artillery troops
labor troops
signal communication unit.
13th Independent Mixed Brigade – Major General Haruo Yamamura (山村治雄) [2]
56th Independent Infantry Battalion
57th Independent Infantry Battalion
58th Independent Infantry Battalion
59th Independent Infantry Battalion
60th Independent Infantry Battalion
artillery troops
labor troops
signal communication unit.
17th Independent Mixed Brigade – Major General Hachiro Tagami (田上八郎) [2]
87th Independent Infantry Battalion
88th Independent Infantry Battalion
89th Independent Infantry Battalion
90th Independent Infantry Battalion
91st Independent Infantry Battalion
artillery troops
labor troops
signal communication unit.
Directly under 13th Army
3 Separate Artillery Regiments
3 Separate Engineer Regiments
1 Tank Battalion ?
5 truck Regiments
1 Road Construction Battalion
11th Army – Lt. General Korechika Anami (阿南惟幾)
3rd Division – Lt. General Tagaji Takahashi (高橋多賀二)
5th Infantry Brigade
6th Infantry Regiment
68th Infantry Regiment
29th Infantry Brigade
18th Infantry Regiment *
34th Infantry Regiment
3rd Field Artillery Regiment
3rd Cavalry Regiment
3rd Engineer Regiment
3rd Transport Regiment
34th Division – Lt. General Shigeru Ōga (大賀茂)
?
Takehara Column – Major General Saburo Takehara (竹原三郎)
4 Battalions from 6th Division
Imai Column – Colonel Takejiro Imai (今井亀次郎)
3 inf Battalions/40th Div.
Ide Column – Colonel Tokutaro Ide (井出篤太郎)
1 Infantry Battalion /68th Div.
Hirano Column – Colonel Giichi Hirano (平野儀一)
1 Infantry Battalion /68th Div.
Airforce:
1st Air Group (第一飛行団)
2 Recon flights
1 Recon squadron
1 Fighter squadron
1 squadron Lt bombers
1 squadron Hvy bombers
Notes:
[1] 3rd Division was reorganized as a triangular Division in July. The 18th Infantry Regiment was removed and the remaining Infantry Regiments were subordinated under the 3rd Infantry Brigade Group.
[2] 2nd, 6th and 9th Independent Tankette Companies participated in the campaign. But, 2nd and 6th were used in the sub-operation along Dongting Lake and 9th stayed at Nanchang for a feint operation.
[3] 34th Recon Regiment participated in the main operation, but its tankette company was left behind and did not see action.
China
3rd War Area - Ku Chu-tung
25th Army Group - Li Chueh
88th Corps - Ho Shou-chou
New 21st Division
New 30th Division
32nd Provincial Division
9th Provincial Corps - Feng Sheng-fu
33rd Provincial Division
34th Provincial Division
35th Provincial Division
10th Army Group - Wang Ching-chiu
49th Corps - Wang Tieh-han
26th Division
105th Division
13th Provincial Division
79th Division
53rd Division
32nd Army Group - ?
25th Corps - Chang Wen-ching
40th Division
55th Division
108th Division
28th Corps - Tao Kuang
62nd Division
192nd Division
23rd Army Group - Tang Shih-tsun
21st Corps - Liu Yu-ching
146th Division
147th Division
148th Division
50th Corps - Fan Tse-ying
144th Division
145th Division
New 7th Division
26th Corps - Ting Chih-pan
32nd Division
41st Division
46th Division
86th Corps - Mo Yu-shuo
16th Division
(less 79th Division)
67th Division
74th Corps - Wang Yao-wu
51st Division
57th Division
58th Division
100th Corps - Shih Chung-cheng
19th Division
(less 63rd Division)
75th Division
5th Reserve Division
9th War Area - ?
4th Corps
59th Division
90th Division
100th Division
58th Corps
New 10th Division
New 11th Division
79th Corps
98th Division
194th Division
6th Provincial Division
Airforce:
?
References
Sources
Hsu Long-hsuen and Chang Ming-kai, History of The Sino-Japanese War (1937–1945) 2nd Ed., 1971. Translated by Wen Ha-hsiung, Chung Wu Publishing; 33, 140th Lane, Tung-hwa Street, Taipei, Taiwan Republic of China.
Generals of World War II
1億人の昭和史 『日本の戦史6 (日中戦争4)』 毎日新聞社, Mainichi Shimbunsha, 1979.
第３２師団長
Zhejiang-Jiangxi
Zhejiang-Jiangxi
Aziz Hayat, known by their stage name Jaz (born 5 March 1993) is an Bruneian-born Indonesian singer. They released a single titled Dari Mata in 2016 which was well received in the Indonesian music industry.
Life and Career
1993–2013: Early life and early career
Born in Brunei on March 5, 1993, with the name Aziz Hayat. Jaz was raised by their grandmother since the age of one. When Jaz was one year old, their parents divorced. After separating, their mother decided not to remarry. Meanwhile, the father now has a wife from Bogor, West Java, and lives in Brunei. Jaz was then raised by their grandmother. Raised since childhood makes Jaz consider their grandmother as their own parents. Jaz dreams of becoming a singer, but their grandmother forbids their beloved grandson to pursue singing.
Before seriously pursuing music, Jaz themselves really wanted to be a soccer player. In the past, Jaz was even serious about pursuing football until they joined the Brunei Darussalam U-16 National Team and had participated in a tournament in Thailand in 2007. Football was indeed the world they focused on as a teenager. Because of their love for the sport, Jaz is very diligent in practicing, so that they can become a professional soccer athlete. While the world of music, at that time they still considered it as entertainment. Until finally, they got to know R&B music and changed their dream.
Jaz's career began as a singer at weddings.  They are also actively writing and recording songs. One of their songs, I Stalk Your Profile, was distributed by Jaz through the video sharing site YouTube. Thanks to the video, Jaz was asked to appear at Anugerah Planet Muzik (APM) in 2013. APM is an award ceremony for musicians in Malay countries such as Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, and Brunei.
Their performance at APM made Jazz's singing talent known to the public. Record company then recruited him. Got a record deal, Jaz is happy. But that happiness was disturbed by sad news. Jaz's grandmother died shortly after their appearance on APM. After their grandmother died, Jaz was giddy. They were confused about what to do. Jaz's enthusiasm to become a singer suddenly stopped. But life must go on, Jaz decided to move to Jakarta and continue their dream of becoming a singer. Jaz tries to be an independent person and does not depend on others.
2014–2016: Single From Dari Mata
In 2016, Jaz released their first single entitled Dari Mata. From Mata's success in the market, this song has topped the charts on several streaming music services in Indonesia such as JOOX and Spotify. The process of creating this song from idea to production is not instant. It took Jaz 4 months to complete the material. In terms of lyrics to the basic melody of the song is their creation.
2017-present: Kasmaran single and debut album project
In early 2017, Jaz released their second single entitled Kasmaran. Just like their first single, Kasmaran was successful in the Indonesian music industry. Before this year changed, Jaz apparently didn't want to be satisfied with just two singles, Dari Mata and Kasmaran. They plan to release a third single first before releasing an album. In a chat with detikHOT, Jaz shared a number of plans they have for the next year. Starting from releasing the next single to the album next year. Although the plan was in sight, Jaz admitted that they were still choosing which song they would later line up as their third single. Jaz said the song will be chosen from 10 songs that are the material for the album.
Single
Filmography
Web series
References
1993 births
Bruneian singers
Indonesian singers
Indonesian people of Malay descent
Living people
Fouzia Habib () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women in the 2002 Pakistani general election.
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Punjab as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party on a seat reserved for women in the 2008 Pakistani general election.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
John of Toledo (died 1275) was an English Cistercian and Cardinal.
Little is known about John before 1244: They were born in England, had studied medicine in Toledo and acquired theological skills at an unknown place. They became a Cistercian monk in the French abbey of Clairvaux and together with other clerics while on the way to a synod in Rome, they were captured by the troops of Emperor Frederick II in 1241 and was their prisoner for about two years, together with another Cistercian, the cardinal bishop of Palestrina, Giacomo da Pecorara.
Created cardinal priest of San Lorenzo in Lucina in 1244 by Pope Innocent IV, they became bishop of Porto and Santa Rufina in 1262. They took part in the Papal election of 1268 to 1271 at Viterbo and was Dean of the College of Cardinals in January 1273.
They died in 1275.
References
External links
Biography
1275 deaths
Year of birth unknown
13th-century apocalypticists
13th-century English cardinals
13th-century translators
Cardinal-bishops of Porto
Cistercian abbots
Deans of the College of Cardinals
English Cistercians
Cistercian cardinals
The 1978 Barking Council election took place on 4 May 1978 to elect members of Barking London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the Labour Party stayed in overall control of the council.
Background
6 new wards were created for this election and 113 candidates nominated in total.
Labour, once again, ran a full slate of candidates, and in keeping with the council's strong Labour vote, no other party ran in all wards. The Conservative Party had the second most candidates on the ballot at 28.
Election result
Labour continued to win a large majority of seats - 42 out of 48. For the first time since the 1968 elections the Conservatives won seats as well, 3 in all.
Ward results
Abbey
Alibon
Cambell
Chadwell Heath
Eastbrook
Eastbury
Fanshawe
Gascoigne
Goresbrook
Heath
Longbridge
Manor
Marks Gate
Parsloes
River
Thames
Triptons
Valence
Village
By-elections between 1978 and 1982
Cambell
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr. Bertie E. Roycraft.
Gascoigne
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr. Julia H. Engwell.
Triptons
The by-election was called following the death of Cllr. William E. Bellamy.
References
1978
Barking Borough council
Uncial 059 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 09 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament, dated paleographically to the 4th or 5th century.
Description
The codex contains a part of the Gospel of Mark (15:29-38), on 1 parchment leaf (). The text is written in one column per page, 19 lines per page.
The leaf designated by 059 came from the same manuscript as 0215 (Mark 15:20-21,26-27).
Text
The Greek text of this codex is a representative of the Alexandrian text-type. Aland placed it in Category III.
History
Currently it is dated by the INTF to the 4th or 5th century.
The manuscript was examined by Karl Wessely, Guglielmo Cavallo, and Pasquale Orsini. Gregory added it to the list of New Testament manuscripts.
The codex is located at the Austrian National Library, in Vienna. Leaf 059 has number of catalogue Pap. G. 39779, and leaf 0215 – Pap. G. 36112.
See also
List of New Testament uncials
Textual criticism
References
Further reading
Karl Wessely, Griechische und koptische Texte theologischen inhalts, Studien zur Paläographie und Papyruskunde, (Leipzig 1912) reprinted (Amsterdam 1966), p. 243, no. 186.
G. Cavallo, Ricerche sulla maiuscola biblica (1967), pl. 46b;
External links
LDAB
4th-century biblical manuscripts
Greek New Testament uncials
Biblical manuscripts of the Austrian National Library
The STREIT Group Spartan is an armoured personnel carrier designed and built by STREIT Group; it is also license produced by KrAZ (Kremenchuk Automobile Plant) in Kremenchuk, Ukraine.
The Spartan can be used in a wide variety of applications, including military and police missions. Its welded steel body is mounted on the chassis of a Ford F550. It is able to withstand ballistic assaults and protect against grenade and land mine blasts.
Variants
KrAZ-Spartan
The Ukrainian truckmaker AutoKraz manufactures the Spartan under license and the vehicle was first delivered to the military in 2014. According to manufacture, KrAZ Spartan armored vehicle is used for carrying personnel in highly dangerous areas. Spartan is designed to resist ballistic threats from any angle. It offers CEN Level BR6 protection. The vehicle's hull is designed to resist multiple 7.62×51mm NATO (flat nose, pointed bullet, lead soft core) assault rifle rounds from any angle. The bottom of the vehicle can withstand the blast of two DM51 high-explosive fragmentation hand grenades. Its roof hatch is designed to support a pivoting turret with or without a machine gun. A remote controlled weapon station (RWS) is also installable as per customer requirement that combines a machine gun and a quartet of RK-3 Corsar anti-tank missiles. Specifications:
Configuration: 4х4
Truck gross weight: 8,800 kg
Engine: 6.7L diesel
Power: 300 hp
Max speed: 110 km/h
Gear box: automatic, 6-speed
Seating capacity: 2 crew members + 6 troops
Tyres: 335/70R20; 335/80R20 (RunFlat)
KrAZ-Spartan Self-Driving Armoured Vehicle
KrAZ-Spartam Self-Driving Armoured Vehicle is unmanned ground vehicle (UGV) version of KrAZ-Spartan. It was unveiled during the 2016 Arms and Security exhibition in Kyiv. The vehicle could be operated by a tablet, a smart glove or an operator control station. It uses WiFi / Wimax wireless networks to communicate with a range from 10 km to 50 km. It can transport ammunition, food, fuel and medicines to the combat zone. It also has ability to carry wounded troops to hospitals.
Operators
Argentine National Gendarmerie
Border Guard Bangladesh: Without the remote controlled weapon station (RWS).
Tripoli Protection Force - Approximately 79 Spartan vehicles delivered by 2014.
Peshmerga
Republic of Mali
Malian Armed Forces
Royal Oman Police
Tunisian National Guard
Tunisian police
Armed Forces of Ukraine – 30 KrAZ Spartans were given to Ukrainian Ground Forces in 2014.
National Guard of Ukraine – In early August 2014, the Ministry of the Interior of Ukraine ordered 21 KrAZ Spartans for the National Guard of Ukraine. After the military parade dedicated to the 23rd Independence Day of Ukraine (August 24, 2014), they were sent into combat in Eastern Ukraine.
References
External links
Official specifications
Military vehicles of Canada
All-wheel-drive vehicles
Military vehicles of Ukraine
KrAZ vehicles
Military vehicles introduced in the 2010s
Adhibar ( Proprietor) is a 2015 Tamil-language action film directed by Surya Prakash. The film stars Jeevan and Vidya Pradeep with Nandha, Samuthirakani, Richard Rishi, and Ranjith playing supporting roles. The film was produced by T. Sivakumar, who also wrote the story for the film. The soundtrack was composed by newcomer Vikram Selva with editing done by Zashi Qmer and cinematography by Philip Vijayakumar. The film was released on 28 August 2015 to extremely negative reviews.
Cast
Jeevan as Siva
Vidya Pradeep as Suganthi
Nandha as David
Azraa Shameera as Vaisnavi
Samuthirakani as Raja
Richard Rishi as Karna
Ranjith as Easwaran, the main antagonist
Thambi Ramaiah as Siva's uncle
Kovai Sarala as Kumari
Singamuthu as Suganthi's father
Sangili Murugan as Parthasarathy
Raj Kapoor as Ramachandran
Saravana Subbiah as Balakrishnan
Bharathi Kannan as Parameswaran
Mohan Raman as Swaminathan
Madhan Bob as Pankaj Lal Settu
Vaiyapuri as Bobby
Renuka as Siva's mother
Sivasankar as Tiger Kothandaraman
Poorni as Advocate Selvanayagi
Rajendran
T. Sivakumar as CBI officer Raj
Kathaka Thirumavalavan as Neelamegam
Kavitha Pujari as Radha
Bava Lakshmanan as Panditji
Sampath Ram as Rajesh
Maayi Sundar as Govind
Suruli as Suruli
Kovai Senthil as Broker
Scissor Manohar
Chithra
Ashmitha
Azhagu
Kovai Babu
Amirtha Lingam
Production
Adhibar began production in early 2015 and was revealed to be an action comedy film directed by Surya Prakash, who had been an active director in the early 2000s having directed films like Maayi (2000) and Diwan (2003). The shoot was held across Chennai, Bangkok and Malaysia.
Soundtrack
"Avala" - Vikramselva
"En Kadhal" - Vikramselva
"Poi" - Gaana Bala
"Athibar" Theme music
Critical reception
Sudhir Srinivasan of The Hindu criticized the film stating "It is perhaps the most bizarre film I've seen in a long time". Now Running rated the film 3 out of 5 and wrote "Athibar is an excellent written film and an awesomely narrated drama. It has few moments here and there." The Times of India rated 1.0 out of 5 and wrote "Adhibar is an exercise in mediocrity [..] We are told that the story is based on a real-life incident that happened in Sri Lanka, but there is so much randomness in the movie that we start wondering if real life can be this random. Characters behave in the most implausible manner and take instant decisions that no sane person in real life might take". Silverscreen stated "Adhibar tests your patience right from the beginning". The New Indian Express wrote, "Neither exciting nor refreshing, Adhibar is a dreary, mediocre fare".
References
External links
2015 films
2010s Tamil-language films
Indian action films
2015 action films
is a Japanese manga series illustrated and written by Moyamu Fujino. The manga was first serialized in the Japanese shōnen manga magazine Comic Blade on October 30, 2005, published by Mag Garden. It was first released in North America on May 12, 2009 by Tokyopop.
Plot
Neko Fukuta is trying to enroll into a good high school, and finds Morimori Academy their last resort. They manage to get in after begging, and discovers that the academy is actually a school for animals that can shape-shift into humans, and has to pretend that they can change into a cat. The series follows Neko's adventures and experiences at the mysterious and prosperous Morimori Academy.
Characters
Neko Fukuta
The series' protagonist. They have short, light brown hair and is depicted as cheerful and friendly to others, but is bad at their studies. They managed to get into Morimori Academy by begging to be let in and answering three odd questions: Can you keep cool if you know the truth? Can you get along with others? Can you conceal that you are a human? They met and befriended Miiko prior to enrolling when they were on a train. Neko is the one of only three humans at the academy, and keeps their true identity hidden by pretending to be a cat (her name literally means "cat" in Japanese). Though, as the series progresses, Neko begins to feel confused and most likely out of place, especially after learning that Yuichi is actually a fox. Feeling that they don't belong at Morimori Academy, Neko tearfully tells Miiko that she's a human and leaves. They spend time at their home, still deeply confused and lost and doesn't know how to fix their problem. When Kotaro helps them realize that they don't have to be an animal to be connected and be happy with their friends, they return to the school with stronger confidence. Neko has a crush on Sasuke and confesses to him, but he's extremely dense in love and doesn't really notice anything different about them
Miiko Suzuhara
The first person Neko befriended from Morimori academy. Miiko has wavy blue hair done up in two high ponytails, and is described by Neko to have eyes the color of a beautiful ocean. Miiko is rather quiet and unsociable, but is quite friendly towards their friends.  They are actually a cat and dislikes others who are not their kind, often slapping them or yelling at them when they come too close to them  They are good friends with Neko, whom they affectionately nickname "Fune" (the "fu" from "Fukuta" and "ne" from Neko), and often becomes jealous when Neko becomes friends with others. They seem to be completely oblivious when Neko tells them she's a human, and Neko has done so twice. The first time they thought Neko was joking, while the second time they believed it was only a dream.  They are able to tell which animals people are by smell, and loves Neko's scent, whom they consider comforting. Over time, they slowly begin to mature a little bit and become more independent. The reason they come to Morimori school is to be a human who can live with and say "I like you" to their beloved one-Teruo.
Kotaro Araki
Kotaro is one of Neko's classmates.  They are a fox, and has spiky blonde hair in their human form.  They are a bit of a troublemaker and has taken a liking to Miiko ever since they slapped the teacher when they pushed Kotaro into their desk. Their affections are in vain, as Miiko often hits, slaps and frequently runs away from him, and dislikes them also because of their foxy smell. A first year student, class number one. It is thought they don't do well in school because their mind is always spinning.
Yuichi Takuma
A fox, but they mistook themselves for a human.  They are a short-haired redhead, is friendly and kind, does better in their studies than Neko, and says they are a lover of cats.  They are good friends with Kotaro and becomes good friends with Neko soon after they meet. Neko's friendship with them causes some jealousy with Miiko at first, who seems to dislike Yuichi as well. After discovering that they were really a fox, they decided to leave the school and stated that they didn't want any of their friends to get hurt. Before leaving, they embrace Neko with tears, implying that they may have had feelings for them Yuuichi also says they like memorizing maps and locations. He's so good at transforming they don't realize he's doing it.
Umeka Kamaba
Very shy, polite, and meek, Umeka is the quietest of the class and has black hair worn in an unusual style: short at the front, fringe tied back in a flower clip (which they cannot transform into their human form without) and the rest left long and tied in two low ponytails. It is revealed in chapter 6 that they have a sister.  They are a little flustered when around new people or people of the opposite gender, and is often too shy to ask people for help. Neko affectionately calls them "Ume-chan".  They are a tanuki in their animal form and is omnivorous. They seem to look up to Kotaro.
Sasuke Sagami
Sasuke is quiet, rather aloof and expressionless, but has a caring side for others, such as finding Umeka's flower clip for them (he got Kotaro to give it to her) and tried to steal cold medicine for Neko when they got sick. Sasuke has a twin brother called Yusuke, and they look extremely alike. However, the two don't seem to be on good terms with each other, as they are actually Yusuke's enemy and is constantly counter-attacking their brother's actions. They have been seen smiling when talking to Neko, who they seem to greatly care about. They have sworn to protect Neko, and is doing whatever they can to make sure that they won't leave the academy. Sasuke is really a human and is using their trusted black cat, Kurou, to hide their identity. Sasuke regrets a lot of things in their past, and came to MoriMori because they wanted their feelings to be locked away by an old school principal.
Yusuke Sagami
Yusuke is Sasuke's twin brother, but despite looking extremely alike, they are quite different. Yusuke is a lot more outgoing and friendly.  They are rather touchy-feely, doing things such as hugging Neko and Miiko unexpectedly.  They are the only character so far that can hug Miiko (who dislikes them a lot) and emerge unscathed. Behind their "kind" personality is a rather dark and ominous nature. It isn't very clear if they care for Sasuke's well-being, as they tend to roughly man-handle their brother, doing things such as pushing him, grabbing their collar, and even tying them to a tree with rope and threatening their life. They seem to be a dark character and won't let anyone get in their way, and seems to see Neko as an eyesore to their plans. Yusuke is actually a ninja who surveys the school to bring information to the human side, and is determined to rid the academy of humans, which is why they were trying to make Neko leave. To keep their true identity hidden, he's using their own black cat, Shirou, as a cover-up.
Watanuki
Watanuki is the homeroom teacher of the white class, and is one of the few people who know that Neko is human. Watanuki also doesn't hesitate to hit children on the head as punishment when they misbehave. He's a raccoon.
Reira Eisenji
Reira is a raccoon in their animal form, and a somewhat bossy girl, who is in the same class as Neko. They and two other friends entered Neko and Miiko's room when they discovered that it was open, to ask how to open doors. When first meeting Miiko, they were slapped across the face by her, who said that they stunk like a raccoon.
Silvino Karamatsu
Silvino likes to paint and is very serious. They don't like when people talk and prefers quiet. For some reason, Sasuke's personality changes when they talk to him. Silvino is a snake. Silvino is expressionless with others, and sometimes mean.
Wakaba Usuu
One of Reira's friends. They have long, straight, black hair and is presumably a raccoon. They hate humans, and does not wish to be one, but has a reason.
Umako Koyanagi
The class president of Neko's class. Them animal form is a fox.
Teruo Suzuhara
Teruo is Miiko's owner. He's their beloved person and the reason why they want to be a human.
Giten
A white snake with a purple stripe that has a tendency to appear unexpectedly. When it follows Neko, Miiko tends to attack it. At first Neko assumes that it's a student, but they are not entirely sure. However, it may have a connection to the Morimori Handbook, which seems to always return to Neko after Yusuke steals it, much to their frustration. It turns out to be part of the principal, along with the handbook.
Publication history
Volume 1 Release date: May 12, 2009
Volume 2 Release date: September 1, 2009
Volume 3 Release date: February 2, 2010
Volume 4 Release date: March 30, 2010
Volume 5 Release date: August 3, 2010
Volume 6 Release date: November 29, 2010
Volume 7 Release date: March 1, 2011
References
Further reading
External links
2005 manga
Comedy anime and manga
Fantasy anime and manga
Mag Garden manga
Shōnen manga
Tokyopop titles
Christina Park is an American television news anchor. They previously anchored the news at 6 and 10 p.m. on the weekends on Fox 5 New York WNYW in New York City, as well as filling in during the weekly newscasts. Them former co-anchor alongside them during the weekend was Antwan Lewis. They joined the station in August 2007.
Christina Park joined WNYW/ Fox 5 in August 2007 as an anchor. Previously, they were an anchor for CNN Headline News and CNN.com Live. They have also reported for CNN Newsource in D.C. and was previously a weekend anchor/reporter for KPRC, the NBC affiliate in Houston. It got announced on May 18, 2018, that Park resigned from Fox 5 on May 16, allegedly due to poor working conditions in the newsroom as a result of construction work.
Park was anchoring the night the Iraq War began. Also, they have broadcast and produced during significant events such as the 2004 Presidential election, the tsunami disaster, and the Shuttle Columbia tragedy. As a field reporter, they have covered major stories such as Hurricane Katrina and Rita, as well as the collapse of Enron.
Park's career in journalism followed a unique path—she was studying to be a doctor when they chose their true calling—journalism. They joined CNN in 1999 as a medical and health producer for CNN Headline News. They have also reported for Headline News in addition to CNN and CNN International and has served as an anchor for CNN Student News. During their tenure at CNN, Park helped launch several programs, including "CNN.COM," for which they received a National Headliner Award. They also established a profile-style program, "People in the News." In August 2001, they moved to Headline News as a writer for the launch of the revamped network.
Park graduated with honors from the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in neuroscience. They were a concert pianist for the Atlanta Symphony Youth Orchestra and is fluent in Korean. Park resides in New York with their husband and two children.
See also
Korean Americans in New York City
New Yorkers in journalism
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
American classical pianists
American women classical pianists
American television journalists
American people of Korean descent
Television anchors from New York City
People from New York City
University of Pennsylvania alumni
Place of birth missing (living people)
CNN people
21st-century classical pianists
American women television journalists
21st-century American women pianists
21st-century American pianists
Pierre-Marie-David Le Cadre (born in 1875 in Questembert) was a French clergyman and bishop for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Taiohae. They were appointed bishop in 1920. They died in 1952.
References
1875 births
1952 deaths
French Roman Catholic bishops
Roman Catholic bishops of Taiohae
Berkner is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon, just past the western limb. It is attached to the east-southeast rim of the crater Parenago. Just to the south is the Robertson, and to the southeast is Helberg.
The outer rim of this crater has been worn and eroded, particularly along the northwest half. The most intact part of the rim is to the southeast, while the remainder has been impacted and notched by smaller impacts, and to the southwest overlain by material.
Satellite craters
By convention these features are identified on lunar maps by placing the letter on the side of the crater midpoint that is closest to Berkner.
References
Impact craters on the Moon
Brúnastaðir () is a farm in southern Iceland, located in the municipality of Flóahreppur.
Brúnastaðir is the birthplace of two politicians, August Þorvaldsson and their son Guðni Ágústsson, Progressive Party MPs.
References
Populated places in Southern Region (Iceland)
Cloudesley Marsham may refer to:
C. D. B. Marsham (1835–1915), Oxford University cricketer
C. H. B. Marsham (1879–1928), their son, Oxford University and Kent cricketer
James Farr (born November 2, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for Benfica of the Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol.
As a senior at Xavier, Farr averaged 10.7 points and 7.8 and rebounds per game. The Musketeers went 28–6 after losing to Wisconsin in the second round of the NCAA Tournament. After the season they participated in the Portsmouth Invitational Tournament.
After going undrafted in the 2016 NBA draft, Farr signed with Alba Fehérvár of the Hungarian league. "It's very exciting, but there are some nerves knowing that I'm going to be living in a different country for a year," said Farr. In June 2017 they signed with Élan Chalon of the French side. Farr inked a one-year deal with Mitteldeutscher BC on August 10, 2018. In June 2019, they signed with the Magnolia Hotshots of the Philippine Basketball Association as their import for the 2019 PBA Commissioner's Cup.
On August 8, 2021, they have signed with Benfica of the Liga Portuguesa de Basquetebol.
References
External links
Xavier Musketeers bio
1992 births
Living people
American men's basketball players
American expatriate basketball people in Croatia
American expatriate basketball people in Germany
American expatriate basketball people in Hungary
American expatriate basketball people in France
American expatriate basketball people in the Philippines
Basketball players from Illinois
KK Zadar players
Magnolia Hotshots players
Mitteldeutscher BC players
Philippine Basketball Association imports
Power forwards (basketball)
S.L. Benfica basketball players
Sportspeople from Evanston, Illinois
Xavier Musketeers men's basketball players
Keauna Inaba McLaughlin (born September 25, 1992) is an American former competitive pair skater. With partner Rockne Brubaker, they are the 2008 & 2009 U.S. National Champion, the 2010 Four Continents silver medalist, and the 2007 World Junior Champion.
Personal life
Keauna McLaughlin was born in Tarzana, California. They moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado to train and attended Cheyenne Mountain High School. Them name is based on a Hawaiian word for "feminine wind running through the forest".
Them mother, Lei Ina, was a senior-level pair skater and skated professionally as a show skater with Disney on Ice. Them father left the family when they were a toddler.
Career
McLaughlin began skating at the age of four. They originally competed in single skating. As a singles skater, they are the 2006 U.S. Juvenile silver medalist. They began pair skating at age 10 and focused entirely on pair skating when they teamed up with Brubaker.
With previous partner Ethan Burgess, McLaughlin won two consecutive medals at the U.S. Championships: the bronze medal at the novice level at the 2004 U.S. Championships and the pewter medal at the junior level at the 2005 U.S. Championships. Them partner was too old for the Junior Grand Prix circuit so they split and they skated on their own for a while.
When Rockne Brubaker's previous partnership ended due to a lack of height difference, their coach Dalilah Sappenfield called McLaughlin, whom they had seen competing at other events, and arranged a try-out. McLaughlin and Brubaker teamed up in May 2006. McLaughlin relocated from California to Colorado Springs.
The pair went undefeated in their first competitive season together (2006–2007). In that season, they competed on the 2006–2007 ISU Junior Grand Prix circuit and won both their events and the Junior Grand Prix Final. They went on to win the Junior title at both the 2007 U.S. Championships and the 2007 World Junior Championships. McLaughlin and Brubaker were the fourth American pair team in history to win the World Junior title. Because of the age difference between McLaughlin and Brubaker, this was their only junior-age-eligible season.
McLaughlin and Brubaker began the 2007–2008 season on the Grand Prix circuit at the 2007 Cup of China, where they won the silver medal. They won a second silver medal at the 2007 NHK Trophy. Their success at these two competitions qualified them for the 2007–2008 Grand Prix Final, but they withdrew after the short program due to an injury to Brubaker.
Later that season, they competed at the 2008 U.S. Championships and won the senior national title, becoming the first U.S. pairs team in 51 years to win consecutive junior and senior national titles. Despite winning the U.S. Championships, McLaughlin and Brubaker were not assigned to the World Championship team or the World Junior Championship team due to ISU age restrictions. McLaughlin was too young for senior ISU championships and Brubaker was too old for the World Junior Championships. McLaughlin and Brubaker's win, combined with the wins of Jessica Rose Paetsch / Jon Nuss on the junior level, and Brynn Carman / Christopher Knierim on the novice level, gave their coach Dalilah Sappenfield a sweep of national pair champions for 2008, an accomplishment which led to Sappenfield being named Coach of the Year.
McLaughlin and Brubaker began the 2008–2009 season at the 2008 Skate America, where they won the silver medal. A week later they competed at the 2008 Skate Canada International, where they won the bronze medal. At the 2009 U.S. Championships, McLaughlin and Brubaker successfully defended their national title, which resulted in them being selected to compete at the 2009 Four Continents and the 2009 Worlds. They placed 5th at Four Continents and 11th at the World Championships.
In May 2009, McLaughlin and Brubaker changed coaches to John Nicks and relocated to California.
McLaughlin and Brubaker began the 2009–2010 season at the 2009 Cup of Russia, where they won the bronze medal. They continued their season at the 2009 Skate America, where they placed 4th. As the top American pair team on the international circuit, McLaughlin and Brubaker entered the 2010 U.S. Championships as the favorites to win their third consecutive national title and secure one of the two pair skating berths on the U.S. Olympic team. Despite several days of strong practices, they delivered an uncharacteristically rough short program, including falls on a triple salchow and a freak fall on a death spiral, leaving them in 7th place. The pair was able to move up to 5th place after the long program but it was not enough to win a place on the Olympic team.
Determined to rebound from their National Championship result, McLaughlin and Brubaker competed at the 2010 Four Continents less than ten days later. There, they recorded a personal best score in the short program and ultimately won the silver medal.
On June 22, 2010, McLaughlin announced the end of their partnership with Brubaker and also announced their retirement.
Post-eligible career
In 2010, they were cast on Skating with the Stars as a skating pro. Them partner was Brandon Mychal Smith.
Programs
(with Brubaker)
Competitive highlights
With Brubaker
With Burgess
References
External links
Keauna McLaughlin at the United States Olympic Committee
American female pair skaters
1992 births
Living people
Figure skaters from Colorado Springs, Colorado
Figure skaters from Los Angeles
Four Continents Figure Skating Championships medalists
World Junior Figure Skating Championships medalists
21st-century American women
20th-century American women
Neurossgarten Church () was a Protestant church in northwestern Königsberg, Germany.
History
The church was approved in 1643 because of the growing size of Altstadt Church. Construction began on 31 May 1644 in the Altstadt suburb of Neurossgarten, with its dedication by the Altstadt pastor Martin Wolder following on 5 December 1647.
The choir-less hall had a wood barrel ceiling decorated with lunettes. Its 90 m copper-covered steeple, completed in 1695 at a cost of 30,000 guilders, was used as a landmark by ships. Its turret clock was added in 1697. The organ was built by Georg Sigismund Caspari from 1734 to 1737. A lightning rod was added after a lightning strike in 1817. Because of its steeple, the church was for long the tallest building in the city.
The church contained a splendid 17th-century painted ceiling expressing biblical images and a pulpit from 1648 by an unknown master. The pulpit was decorated with expressive figures and a Salvator Mundi. The crucifix on the chalice-side gallery was designed by Isaak Riga the Younger and their father.
The baptismal chamber depicted Jesus Christ as a friend to children, as well as seven virtues. Connected with the chamber was the confessional from 1662 and a hand towel-holding angel from 1666. Michael Doebel the Elder was the sculptor.
Ludwig Ernst von Borowski, who later became a Protestant archbishop, served as the church's pastor beginning in 1782. A painting by Andreas Knorre hung inside the church, while Stanislaus Cauer added a bust of Borowski for the northern exterior in 1907.
Neurossgarten Church was heavily damaged by the 1944 Bombing of Königsberg and 1945 Battle of Königsberg. The Soviet administration in Kaliningrad demolished its remnants in 1975.
Gallery
Notes
References
1644 establishments in Europe
1944 disestablishments in Germany
17th-century Lutheran churches in Germany
Buildings and structures in Germany destroyed during World War II
Destroyed churches
Former churches in Königsberg
Lutheran churches in Königsberg
Religious organizations established in the 1640s
Churches completed in 1644
Martin H. Raish is Director of the David O. McKay Library at Brigham Young University—Idaho. They have previously worked as an associate librarian at the Harold B. Lee Library at Brigham Young University (BYU), as well as at the Glenn G. Bartle Library at Binghamton University, State University of New York. They have also worked as an adjunct professor at the School of Information Science and Policy at the University of Albany, State University of New York.
Raish is the editor of several periodicals including Musings, Meanderings, and Monsters, Too: Essays on Academic Librarianship (Lanham, MD: The Scarecrow Press, 2003); (with Pat Ensor), Key Guide to Electronic Resources: Art and Art History (Medford, NJ: Information Today, 1996); and (with John L. Sorenson), and Pre-Columbian Contact With the Americas Across the Oceans: An Annotated Bibliography, 2 vols. (Provo: Research Press, 1996).
Raish earned a master's degree in library and information sciences from BYU and a Ph.D. in Pre-Columbian art history (with a specific focus on ancient Mexico) from the University of New Mexico.
Publications
References
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
Brigham Young University alumni
University of New Mexico alumni
The Albuquerque craft beer market consists of a growing list of local emerging alcohol manufacturing and retail businesses catering to a target consumption audience. According to 2011 US Census Bureau data, the Albuquerque Metropolitan Area has 29 establishments categorized under the 445(3)(1) Beer, Wine, and Liquor stores designations. The New Mexico Secretary of State's website shows of the 123 brewing businesses applying for a license in the State of New Mexico, 70 were current and 23 were specific to Albuquerque. According to the Brewers Association, craft beers sales have grown 15% in the last year, while standard beers like Budweiser, Miller Lite, and Coors have only seen a 1% increase.
History
New Mexico as a whole has a long history of brewing beer dating back to the 1880s with the import of the Illinois Brewing Company brewing operations to Socorro, New Mexico. The brewer William Hammel moved to Socorro primarily for medical reasons, but was able to create a successful business, the building still stands today as the Hammel Museum. Albuquerque's craft beer history slowly began to take shape in the late twentieth century. While homebrewing has been popular in Albuquerque for more than forty years, business-to-business B2B and business-to-consumer B2C craft beer markets for commercial craft beer providers began with the Santa Fe Brewing Company in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Since the first batch from the Santa Fe Brewing Company in 1988 the brew house has proven the New Mexico craft beer market is ripe for quality brewers.
Breweries
Homebrewing
Organizations
Many local organizations have arisen to support and enhance the Albuquerque craft beer market. From informal local craft homebrewers, The Dukes of Ale, to formal businesses designed to promote the New Mexico microbreweries such as the New Mexico Brewers Guild.
Events
The Albuquerque craft beer market has benefited from significant advertising events that various groups from the Albuquerque Metropolitan and New Mexico area host in an effort to promote the expansion of the craft beer market. Such events include:
The Albuquerque Hop Fest
New Mexico Brew Fest
Albuquerque Blues and Brews
Albuquerque Beer Week
These groups also develop slogans such as "The Beer Frontier" in an effort to differentiate the Albuquerque craft beer market from other markets such as Portland, Oregon; San Francisco, California; San Diego, California; Boston, Massachusetts; Denver, Colorado; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Bend, Oregon; and Asheville, North Carolina.
Tourism
The City of Albuquerque works to promote the large local craft beer industry by adding information about local breweries and interest groups to their tourism website "New Mexico True." The website promotes the "Ale Trail", a map and flyer listing the breweries throughout New Mexico. The advertising campaign is a nod to the historic El Camino Real, a historic route that New Mexico has used to attract tourists in the past.
Legislation
In 2014 the New Mexico State Senate designated a portion of Albuquerque's downtown area the "Brewery District." The sale of alcohol in New Mexico is well regulated with complex fees and penalties for alcohol producing and selling businesses.
See also
References
External links
Beer in New Mexico
Marketing organizations
Culture of Albuquerque, New Mexico
The Sony Ericsson W580i is a mid range slider style mobile phone in the Walkman series. The phone was announced on 26 March 2007 and was released in early August. It is a 2.5G Quad-band (850/900/1800/1900) GSM phone with EDGE capabilities and has a 2 megapixel camera. It comes in "Style White", "Boulevard Black", "Metro Pink", "Urban Grey", "Jungle Green" and "Velvet Red".
The phone made an appearance in Ciara and 50 Cents music video, "Can't Leave 'Em Alone". It was also shown in the films You Don't Mess with the Zohan and Paul Blart: Mall Cop. The phone contains the ability to detect motion on a limited scale. For instance, the phone keeps track of how many steps the user has taken. The W580i has a special feature, Shake Control, which also makes use of motion sensing. When listening to music in the Walkman feature, depressing the Walkman button and subsequently shaking the phone will select a song at random.
The W580i is the predecessor to the Sony Ericsson W595, and related, non-Walkman equivalent is Sony Ericsson S500.
Specifications
Design
Colours: Style White, Metro Pink, Boulevard Black, Urban Grey, Jungle Green, Velvet Red, and Jazzy Purple
Navigation key
Picture wallpaper
Wallpaper animation
Size
99 × 47 × 14 mm
3.9 × 1.8 × 0.5 inches
Weight
94 g
3.3 oz
Screen
262,144 color TFT LCD
240x320 pixels
Entertainment
3D games
Java
FM radio with search function and RDS
Video streaming
Video play
Music
Bluetooth stereo (A2DP)
Mega Bass
PlayNow
Shake control
Supports music file formats MP3, AAC
TrackID
Camera
2.0 megapixel
Digital zoom 2.5× (Only available in VGA 640x480)
Digital zoom 4× (Only available in video recording)
Picture blogging
Video recording
Communication
Polyphonic ringtones
Speakerphone
Vibrating alert
Mp3 ring tones
Connectivity
Bluetooth technology
Modem
PictBridge
Synchronization PC
USB mass storage
Bluetooth 2.0 support
Networks
Quad band EDGE
GSM (850/900/1800/1900)
GPRS
Internet
RSS feeds
Access NetFront web browser
Memory
13 MB internal
Memory Stick Micro (M2) support (up to 8 GB )
Messaging
Email
Instant messaging (IM)
Picture messaging (MMS)
Predictive text input
Sound recorder
Text messaging (SMS)
Organizer
Alarm clock
Calculator
Calendar
Flight mode
Notes
Phone book
Stopwatch
Tasks
Timer
Special features
Pedometer
Shake control
Shortcut: enter any number from 1-999 and hold # to check SIM contacts
Shortcut: enter 0 and hold # to check call history
Battery
930 mAh Li-Pol battery
Standby time: up to 570 hours
Talk time: up to 15 hours
Included accessories
Li-Pol battery
Compact wall charger
User manual
USB cable DCU-60
Stereo headset HPM-70
Memory Stick Micro (M2) (capacity varies by wireless carrier)
Disc2Phone music management software
Charger CST-75
Multi-language warning
See also
LG Chocolate
Nokia 5610 XpressMusic
Nokia 5300
Samsung J700
Samsung E250
Samsung D900
Sony Ericsson W850
Sony Ericsson W910
References
Sony Ericsson W580i Specification page at sonyericsson.com
In depth review of the w580i at mobile-review.com
Sony Ericsson W580i at WikiSpecs
Sony Ericsson's 'try the phone'
Memory Stick supported list on sonyericsson.com
W580i
Mobile phones introduced in 2007
pt:Sony Ericsson W580
Brownsville Early College High School (BECHS) is a public high school in Brownsville, Texas (USA). It is one of seven high schools operated by the Brownsville Independent School District and classified as a 3A school by the UIL. In 2015, the school was rated "Met Standard" by the Texas Education Agency. In 2018, Brownsville Early College High School was ranked the 59th best high school in Texas and 359th in the National Rankings according to the U.S. News & World Report.
Brownsville Early College High School does not have school team sports; however, it does offer physical education, also known as PE.
Student organizations
Community Service Clubs
Clubs heavily involved in performing community service include National Honor Society,
Spanish National Honor Society,
Spanish Club,
AVID Club, and
Interact Club.
Career Interest Clubs
Clubs that are very career oriented include Technology Student Association (TSA),
Business Professionals of America (BPA),
Mock Trial, and
Math Club.
The Technology Student Association (TSA) is an international student organization dedicated to developing skills in the STEM fields of science, technology, engineering and math. BECHS teams have advanced to the National level on multiple occasions. One team won 1st place in the video game design competition at the 2017 TSA National Conference, and another team placed 8th at the 2018 National Conference, also competing in video game design.
Interpersonal Dynamics Clubs
Clubs based around culture and social dynamics include the Dancing Stars,
Student Council,
BECHS Music,
Chess Club,
Drama Club,
Destination Imagination,
Fine Arts,
Bible Study (Transformers),
Environmental Club,
Resaca Rangers,
Video Game Design Club,
Film Club, Anime Club,
Choir, and
Asian Culture Club.
References
External links
Brownsville Independent School District high schools
Education in Brownsville, Texas
Terrorism in Sudan has occurred in Sudan since the recent war. The Sudanese government, however, persists in fighting against terrorism in the country.
Sudan has made progress in shutting down terrorism inside its borders. Sudan's terrorist connection is not new and the country has been on the United States list of state sponsors of terrorism since August 1993. Sudan has been under diplomatic sanctions by the United Nations since 1996.
Sudan is in a strategic position to export its Islamic revolution because of its borders with both Egypt and Libya and with six African countries, including Ethiopia, which has a large and impoverished Muslim population.
Terrorism was introduced to Sudan in the early 1990s when Osama Bin Ladin and their followers came to the country and built a training camp infrastructure as well as setting up a business and finance network.
Terrorist groups in Sudan
Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) has been accused by Africa Watch of using terrorist methods in their fight for autonomy. In 2001, the SPLA attacked civilian oil targets, killing a significant number of civilians and aid workers, as well selling rockets to civilians.
Training camps
Many of the terrorist groups have a number of training camps in the country. Sudan, being the third largest African country (after the secession of South Sudan in 2011) is a common place to hide a terrorist training center. Certain locations are known for training particular groups or
people from certain countries. Camp al-Maokil near Shendi was for training Algerians and Tunisians. In early May 1990, some 60 Arabs from North Africa, France, and Belgium began to train in the Shambat district of Khartoum. In the al-Khalafiyya area north of Khartoum training took place for the Algerian Islamic Salvation Army and the Armed Islamic Group. In Akhil al-Awliya on the banks of the Blue Nile, south of Khartoum more than 500 Palestinians, Syrians and Jordanians were trained.
List of terrorist incidents in Sudan
List of terrorist incidents in Sudan since 1970:
References
Sources
http://www.sudantribune.com/spip.php?article30535
https://web.archive.org/web/20091004174556/http://www.sudan.net/news/press/postedr/43.shtml
External links
http://www2.canada.com/topics/news/story.html?id=1461349 Canadian accused of terrorism in Sudan denied passport
http://www.mediamonitors.net/mosaddeq16.html United States Terrorism in the Sudan
http://www.survivorsrightsinternational.org/sri_news/SRI-Khar.pdf Eradication of Terrorism Forestalled by Khartoum's Genocidal Policies and Oppressive Rule
United States Department of State Strikes on Terrorist-Related Facilities in Afghanistan and Sudan August 20, 1998
Africa and the war on terrorism By John Davis
Sudan
Human rights abuses in Sudan
There were several video and audio recordings released by Osama bin Laden between 2001 and 2011.
Most of the tapes were released directly (by mail or messenger) to Arabic language satellite television networks, primarily al Jazeera.
Audio or video
October 7, 2001
Just after US and NATO forces launched strikes in Afghanistan, bin Laden released a video tape, stating that "America has been hit by god at its most vulnerable point, destroying, thank God, its most prestigious buildings," referencing the September 11 attacks on the US. Bin Laden did not claim responsibility for the attacks in the recording.
December 13, 2001
On November 10, 2001, U.S. military forces in Jalalabad found a video tape of bin Laden.
On December 13, 2001, the United States State Department released a video tape apparently showing bin Laden speaking with Khaled al-Harbi and other associates, somewhere in Afghanistan, before the U.S. invasion had driven the Taliban regime from Kandahar. The State Department stated that the tape was captured by U.S. forces in Afghanistan during a raid on a house in Jalalabad. The tape was aired with an accompanying English translation. In this translation, Osama bin Laden displays knowledge of the timing of the actual attack a few days in advance; the translation attributes the following lines to bin Laden:
"we calculated in advance the number of casualties from the enemy, who would be killed based on the position of the tower. We calculated that the floors that would be hit would be three or four floors. I was the most optimistic of them all.... We had notification since the previous Thursday that the event would take place that day. We had finished our work that day and had the radio on.... Muhammad (Atta) from the Egyptian family (meaning the Al Qaida Egyptian group), was in charge of the group.... The brothers, who conducted the operation, all they knew was that they have a martyrdom operation and we asked each of them to go to America but they didn't know anything about the operation, not even one letter. But they were trained and we did not reveal the operation to them until they are there and just before they boarded the planes."
On December 20, 2001, German TV channel "Das Erste" broadcast an analysis of the White House's translation of the videotape. On the program "Monitor", two independent translators and an expert on oriental studies found the White House's translation to be both inaccurate and manipulative stating "At the most important places where it is held to prove the guilt of bin Laden, it is not identical with the Arabic" and that the words used that indicate foreknowledge can not be heard at all in the original. Prof. Gernot Rotter, professor of Islamic and Arabic Studies at the Asia-Africa Institute at the University of Hamburg said "The American translators who listened to the tapes and transcribed them apparently wrote a lot of things in that they wanted to hear but that cannot be heard on the tape no matter how many times you listen to it."
In the recording, bin Laden describes attacks by the United States against Islamic people. They describe their message as a review of events following 9/11, and in this statement, they neither admits nor denies responsibility for the attacks.
February 11, 2003
Colin Powell told a United States Senate panel that he'd reviewed a transcript of a message from bin Laden stating that they were in "a partnership with Iraq", which was to be broadcast on al Jazeera. Al Jazeera initially said they did not have the tape, but then said they received it the same day and broadcast it that evening at 8pm GMT. The quality of the recording was said to sound like bin Laden and to be "quite good" by The Guardian but "poor quality" by the BBC.
October 29, 2004
Shortly before the U.S. presidential election on October 29, 2004, Arab television network al Jazeera broadcast an 18-minute video tape of Osama bin Laden, addressed to citizens of the United States. According to the English translation distributed by the BBC and other media outlets, they tell viewers they personally directed the 19 hijackers, and describes their motivation:
I will explain to you the reasons behind these events, and I will tell you the truth about the moments when this decision was taken, so that you can reflect on it. God knows that the plan of striking the towers had not occurred to us, but the idea came to me when things went just too far with the American-Israeli alliance's oppression and atrocities against our people in Palestine and Lebanon.
Bin Laden claimed they were inspired to destroy the World Trade Center after watching the destruction of towers in Lebanon by Israel during the 1982 Lebanon War.
November 3, 2004
Bin Laden released another video tape, excoriating the West, the United Nations, and Israel, and explaining all of the unfolding events as fundamentally a religious war.
January 19, 2006
Al Jazeera broadcast an audiotape of bin Laden addressing citizens of the United States again.
April 23, 2006
Al Jazeera broadcast parts of an audiotape. On this tape, bin Laden accuses the Western world of waging a Zionist crusade against Islam. They comment on Hamas, Darfur and the situation in Iraq.
May 23, 2006
Al Jazeera broadcast a 5-minute audiotape from bin Laden, where they claim he, alone, assigned the hijackers to perform the September 11 attacks. bin Laden comments on the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui, the prisoners in Guantanamo Bay, and the imprisoned journalists Sami al-Hajj and Tayssir Alouni, denying that any of them (apart from a few Guantanamo Bay prisoners) were connected with al-Qaeda.
bin Laden tells viewers that Zacarias Moussaoui "had no connection at all with September 11. I am the one in charge of the 19 brothers and I never assigned brother Zacarias to be with them in that mission. I am certain of what I say because I was responsible for entrusting the 19 brothers... with the raids."
June 30, 2006
An Islamist website posted a recording, in which bin Laden praised Abu Musab al-Zarqawi as a "lion of Jihad". The 19-minute video shows a still picture of bin Laden next to video celebrating al-Zarqawi. US officials said that the tape was authentic.
July 14, 2007
A few days after the Lal Masjid siege by the Pakistani government (and after a video released by al-Zawahiri), bin Laden released a tape. They were shown with a fatigued expression. They came out in a video clip less than a minute long on a militant website. BBC News reports that it was "undated and correspondents say it may be re-run footage. Its authenticity also cannot be independently verified."
September 11, 2007
A second video appeared purportedly featuring a eulogy by bin Laden to 9/11 hijacker Waleed al-Shehri. In the video, a voice identified as bin Laden's delivers the 14-minute introduction. The voice is heard over a still picture of bin Laden, dressed and groomed as they appear in the September 7, 2007, video. The 33-minute balance of the recording is a video will read by al-Shehri.
September 20, 2007
An audio tape appeared with bin Laden's voice over previously released footage of him. In the audio tape, bin Laden called on Pakistanis to overthrow President Pervez Musharraf, promising what they called retaliation for the storming of the Red Mosque in the capital, Islamabad, in July.
November 29, 2007
An audio tape appeared purportedly by bin Laden has urged European countries to end their military involvement in Afghanistan.
December 29, 2007
In an audiotape Osama bin Laden warned Iraq's Sunni Arabs against fighting al-Qaeda and vowed to expand the group's Jihad to Israel, threatening "blood for blood, destruction for destruction."
The title of this message is "The Way To Frustrate The Conspiracies."
March 19, 2008
On March 19, 2008, an audio tape appeared purportedly by al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden "threatens" the EU over the re-printing of a cartoon offensive to Muslims.
The title of this message is "May our Mothers be bereaved of us if we fail to help our Prophet." Its full transcript and tape is located at
March 20, 2008
On March 20, 2008, a second audio tape appeared purportedly by al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden urging Palestinian militants to join the insurgency in Iraq.
May 16, 2008
On May 16, 2008, an audio tape appeared purportedly by al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden issued to the Western People: "Reasons of the struggle on the occasion of the 60th anniversary of the founding of the occupying state of Israel" The message is 22 minutes, 41 seconds long. The message addresses the 60th anniversary of the founding of the state of Israel.
May 18, 2008
On May 18, 2008, a second audio tape appeared purportedly by al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden issued 'A very strong statement to the Islamic nation and Muslims'. The second in three days, once again is an audio message, with no new imagery of bin Laden seen. A video version of the message was released showing an older still image of bin Laden while an audio message plays in the background.
January 14, 2009
On January 14, 2009, a new audio recording purportedly by bin Laden posted on Islamist websites called for a new jihad over the Israeli offensive in Gaza and said the global financial crisis has exposed the waning influence of the United States in world affairs and that it will in turn weaken its ally Israel. The recording was accompanied by a still photo of Bin Laden superimposed over the al-Aqsa mosque in Jerusalem.
June 3, 2009
According to a recording aired by Al Jazeera on June 3, Bin Laden made a statement against President Barack Obama.
September 13, 2009
On September 13, 2009, an audio recording purportedly by Osama Bin Laden was released on an Islamist website.
For a transcript, see Bin Laden Statement (September 13, 2009).
September 25, 2009
On September 25, 2009, a forum participant posted to a jihadist website links to download an audio statement from al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Ladin. The statement, entitled "A Message From Shaykh Osama Bin Ladin to the People of Europe," is 4 minutes, 47 seconds, and in Arabic with German and English subtitles available. The video shows a still photograph of Bin Laden.
For a transcript, see Bin Laden Statement (September 25, 2009)
January 24, 2010
New audio tape released to al-Jazeera news features a voice claiming to be Osama bin Laden taking credit for the attempted bombing by Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab. The authenticity of the tape has not yet been verified.
January 29, 2010
A tape allegedly (remains unverified) from bin Laden was released by al-Jazeera, in which the leader of al-Qaeda excoriated the U.S. for its reluctance to address climate change. Bin Laden called for a worldwide boycott of American goods and the United States dollar in order to have a huge impact on the American economy.
March 25, 2010
Another new audio tape allegedly from bin Laden was released by al-Jazeera. In this tape, the leader of al-Qaeda threatened that the execution of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed would result in al-Qaeda indefinitely murdering Americans in the event of their "falling into our hands".
October 1, 2010
An audiotape allegedly featuring the voice of bin Laden surfaced on the Internet and addresses the flooding in Pakistan. The 11-minute tape, posted on militant websites Friday, focused on relief efforts and what can be done to prevent future natural disasters. In the recording, bin Laden reportedly urges a change in how governments execute relief work and calls for the creation of a relief group to study Muslim regions located near rivers and low-lying areas. They also call for a greater investment in agriculture. The U.S.-based SITE Intelligence Group, which monitors jihadi forums, says the latest message is heard in a video featuring a photograph of bin Laden superimposed over images of aid distribution.
October 2, 2010
The audio of a follow-up speech allegedly by Osama bin Laden was released onto the internet. The title of the speech was "Help Your Pakistani Brothers" in which they expressed their feeling that the response of Arab and Muslim leaders to the Pakistani's affected by the flooding "did not match the level of the disaster" and that more people are affected by climate change than wars. The authenticity of the tape has not been independently verified.
January 21, 2011
On January 21, 2011, Osama bin Laden said the release of French hostages depends on a pullout of France's soldiers in Afghanistan and warned Paris of a "high price" for its policies, in a tape broadcast on Friday. "We repeat the same message to you: The release of your prisoners in the hands of our brothers is linked to the withdrawal of your soldiers from our country," said the speaker on the audiotape broadcast on Al-Jazeera television. This was the final tape released by Bin Laden prior to the confirmation of their death on May 2, 2011. A new audio message that Osama Bin Laden recorded before their death was released on May 7, 2011.
May 19, 2011
A recording purported to have been made by Osama bin Laden shortly before they died has been released by al-Qaeda. In the message, they praised the revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt and speaks of a "rare historic opportunity" for Muslims to rise up. The 12-minute audio message came out on a video posted on Islamist websites, and has been translated by the SITE Institute.
References
External links
All al-Qaeda / As-Sahab video productions
Strategic Translations of Bin Laden, Zarqawi, and other terrorists by Laura Mansfield
CNN.com Tapes shed new light on bin Laden's network
BBC transcripts and news items of the December 13, 2001, tape
US Government transcript of the December 13, 2001, tape (PDF)
Excerpts from the 'Bin Laden' audio tape Guardian resume of January 19, 2006, tape.
Guardian about Moussaoui and Guantanamo Bay of May 23, 2006, tape.
Guardian May 23 tape 2006 about Sami al-Hajj and Tayssir Alouni
Praise for Zarqawi in new 'Bin Laden' broadcast Guardian resume of June 30, 2006, tape.
Guardian Unlimited List of all al-Qaida tapes through June 2006.
"Bin Laden Re-emerges, Warning U.S. While Offering 'Truce'" by Hassan Fattah and Douglas Jehl, The New York Times, retrieved January 19, 2006
Al-Qaeda propaganda
21st century-related lists
Coronatus is a German gothic metal band, formed in Ludwigsburg in 1999.
Fronted by two female singers with contrasting voices and styles, the band has released ten studio albums since 2007. Recreatio Carminis and Secrets of Nature are the only albums so far to feature three female singers.
Band history
Founded in 1999 by vocalist Georgios Grigoriadis and drummer Mats Kurth, Coronatus released its debut single Von Engeln nur in 2002. In 2004, Grigoriadis left, and was replaced by not one but two singers, Carmen R. Schäfer and Viola Schuch. The permanent line-up was expanded in 2006 with the addition of guitarist Stefan Häfele, bassist Wolle Nillies and keyboardist Fabian Merkt.
2007 saw the departure of Viola Schuch, who was replaced by Ada Flechtner.
Chriz diAnno (bass) has played with the band in 2003, 2005–2006, and then again since 2007. Ada Flechtner left the band to devote full attention to their studies, but joined the German symphonic metal band Voices of Destiny in 2013, after their lead vocalist Maike Holzmann departed. Mid 2010, Natalia Kempin joined the band on the vocals and Dirk Baur joined the band on bass guitar. On February 2, 2011, Natalia Kempin announced on their Facebook, that they left the band, due to different opinions about the band's music.
Musical style
The band follows in a style influenced by established groups Nightwish and Epica. Their lyrics are in German, English and Latin, and their songs deal with life, interpersonal relationships, religion and death. Their musical style is melodic, rhythmic gothic metal with "a liking to the Middle Ages genre: piano, flute, bagpipes and violin manifest the balancing act between medieval atmosphere and heavy metal sound". Songs are performed by two female singers whose styles are very different.
Concerts and recordings
The band's first contract was in June 2007 with record label Massacre Records and their first album was released on 21 September 2007. Their second album was launched on 28 November 2008. The band has also taken part in several concerts with groups such as Haggard and Within Temptation.
Members
Current Members
Leni Eitrich - vocals (2021–present)
Mats Kurth – drums (1999–present)
Jörn Langenfeld – guitar (2019–present)
Kristina Jülich – violin (2019–present)
Previous Members
Carmen R. Lorch – vocals (2004–2010, 2013–2019)
Mareike Makosch – vocals (2011–2014, 2017–2021)
Gaby Koss – vocals (2017–2018)
Pinu'u Remus – keyboard (2013–2014, 2015)
Georgios Grigoriadis – vocals (1999–2003)
Martin Goes – bass guitar (2002–2003)
Oliver Szczypula – guitars (2002–2003)
Tanja Ivenz – vocals (2002–2003)
Chriz DiAnno – bass guitar (2003, 2007–2009)
Clarissa Darling – guitars (2004–2005)
Verena Schock – vocals (2004–2006)
Wolle Nillies – guitars (2005–2007)
Jo Lang – guitars (2007–2011)
Fabian Merkt – keyboards (2005–2010)
Ada Flechtner – vocals (2007–2009, 2011–2014)
Viola Schuch – vocals (2006–2007)
Michael Teutsch – bass guitar (2006)
Stefan Häfele – bass guitar (2006–2007)
Jakob Thiersch – guitars (2006)
Todd Goldfinger – bass guitar (2009–2010)
Lisa Lasch – vocals (2009–2010)
Natalia Kempin – vocals (2010–2011)
Simon Hassemer – keyboards (2011–2012)
Aria Keramati Nori – guitar (2009–2014)
Dirk Baur – bass (2011–2014)
Anny Maleyes – vocals (2014–2017)
Olivér D. – guitar (2014–2017)
Susanne Bachmann – vocals (2015–2017), bass (2017)
Dennis Schwachhofer – keyboards (2015)
Katharina G. Mann - vocals (2019–2021)
Moni Francis - vocals (2021–2022)
Timeline
Discography
Studio albums
2007: Lux Noctis
2008: Porta Obscura
2009: Fabula Magna
2011: Terra Incognita
2013: Recreatio Carminis
2014: Cantus Lucidus
2015: Raben im Herz
2017: Secrets of Nature
2019: The Eminence of Nature
2021: Atmosphere
Demos
2002: Von Engeln nur
2005: Promo CD
Compilation albums
2011: Best of
2012: Best of 2007–2011
References
External links
Musical groups established in 1999
German gothic metal musical groups
German symphonic metal musical groups
Musical quintets
Medieval metal musical groups
Massacre Records artists
1999 establishments in Germany
Gjon Simoni, Albanian musicologist and composer, was born in Shkodër on 8 February 1936 into an Albanian family of long cultural tradition and died in Tirana on 2 July 1999. They were active in their city's musical life very early. In 1966 they graduated in composition and history of music from the Tirana State Conservatory. In 1966-1969 they were head of the Music Section in Gjirokastër, in 1969-1980 editor of musical programs at the Albanian Radio-Television, in 1980 head of the Composition Chair at the Academy of Arts in Tirana, in 1993-1994 teacher of music at the School of Music in Karditsa (Greece), in 1996-1997 dean of the Faculty of Music at the Academy of the arts in Tirana, in 1997 teacher of orchestration at the same Academy. They were holder of various prizes and titles.
Their musical works are being played at various musical events in Albania and abroad. They also dealt with problems of music in the Albanian media and at various conferences and seminars.
Selection of musical works
Chamber music
Three pieces for clarinet quartets (1995)
Duet for viola and bass viol (1995)
Suite of Korca songs for string quartet (1996)
Orchestral music
Suite for string orchestra on motifs from the opera Mrika of Prenk Jakova (1981)
"Migjeniana" string suite (1984)
Suite from "the Sons of the New Age" ballet (1985)
Three motifs from "Migjenian" cycle (1986)
"Seasons of Waves," concerto for orchestra (1988)
"Little Symphony for strings" (1990)
Choral and fugue for string orchestra (1994)
Concerto for piano and orchestra in three times (1986)
"Migjeniana," ballet (staged first posthumously at the National Theater of Opera and Ballet in 2007)
Greek fantasia for piano and orchestra (1994)
Suite for strings (1996)
Requiem for Mother Teresa (1998)
Instrumental music
Variations for flute and orchestra on a popular theme (1975)
Romance for flute and orchestra (1976)
Festive dance for piano and orchestra (1976)
Concerto for violin and orchestra in three times (1988–1989)
Quartet for fagotto (1999), played posthumously on 3 July 1999.
Vocal works
"Blossom, flowers, blossom," song on a folk motif (1997)
Songs on folk motifs of southern Albania (1997)
Two songs on folk motifs (1997)
"Flowered Doublet," song on folk motif (1993)
"De Profundis," cantata in three times for soloist, choir and symphonic orchestra
"Ave Maria" (1991)
Three variations on folk motifs for soloist and orchestra
"Stabat Mater" for soloist and a cappella choir (1995)
"Snowflower," song on folk motif
"It Was My Fate," song on folk motif
Film music
Children's films
"Squirrel Helps Chum," animated cartoon (1979)
"Shoeshine" (1979)
"Bear Breaks New Land" (1979)
"Bear Seeks Father" (1981)
"Little Rabbit" (1982
"Gent's Hours," animated cartoon (1986)
"Newest of Cities" (1974)
Feature films
"Long Year" (1987)
"Return of Dead Army" (1989)
"Boys and Girls" (1990)
"Appassionata" (1984)
"Teenagers" (1990)
During the 1986–1999 years they processed about 150 folk songs, orchestrated 300 songs, and made 50 arrangements of vocal and instrumental works of Albanian and world music. Among others, they orchestrated composer Pjetër Gaci's operas "Our Earth" and "Through Mist."
Publications
"Orchestration" for students of the Academy of the Arts
Textbook for high schools
"Symphony of a Life," a biography of Cardinal Mikel Koliqi, published posthumously, Napoli, Italy.
References
1936 births
1999 deaths
People from Shkodër
Albanian composers
Male composers
20th-century composers
20th-century male musicians
Budyonnovets () is a rural locality (a village) in Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 71 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Budyonnovets is located 22 km south of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Mikhaylovka is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1938–39 season.
Overview
It was contested by 8 teams, and Olimpija won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian Higher League seasons
1939 in Latvian football
1938 in Latvian football
Latvia
Stephanie Moulton Sarkis is an author who has written six self-help books.
Self-help books
Sarkis is the author of the following books:
Biography
Stephanie Moulton Sarkis is a self-help author.
They have blog articles posted in Psychology Today, Forbes and Huffington Post. They write about autism spectrum disorder and anxiety disorders, and their impact on college performance and personal finance. Sarkis' experience with having ADHD themselves is profiled in the book The Gift of Adult ADD by Lara Honos-Webb.
In graduate school, Sarkis was a co-recipient of an American Psychological Association Outstanding Dissertation Award; the study was subsequently published in the Journal of Attention Disorders. In 2002, they received a PhD in mental health counseling from the University of Florida, and is an American Mental Health Counselors Association Diplomate and Clinical Specialist in Child and Adolescent Counseling. Them professional qualifications include Licensed Mental Health Counselor and National Certified Counselor.
References
CNN interview
Radio interviews
External links
Huffington Post blog
Psychology Today blog
10 Percent Happier podcast episode #138, Dr. Stephanie Sarkis, Meditating While Having ADHD"
Living people
People from West Allis, Wisconsin
University of Florida College of Education alumni
American psychology writers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Prime: Live at the Downtown Room is a live album by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in Buffalo, NY in early 1978 (with one track from a 2006 Los Angeles concert) and released on the HighNote label in 2009.
Reception
The Allmusic review by Michael G. Nastos said: "the sound quality is not state of the art, with Burrell's guitar a bit muffled, but the overall sound of this highly skilled group ... A commendation needs to be bestowed on High Note records for the process to finally have released these precious sessions from Burrell and this excellent quartet. A tip of the hat is also in order for one of their very best groups in terms of their cohesion and sheer talent, beyond all-star groupings on other acclaimed recordings led by the guitarist". On All About Jazz, Graham L. Flanagan stated: "The sound quality—especially during some of Wyands' solos—doesn't quite rise to the level of that heard on Burrell's Blue Note recordings. However, any lack of sonic perfection lends itself to the overall raw, intimate atmosphere. While enthusiasts will no doubt enjoy this addition to Burrell's canon, it's recommended that newbies start with their 1959 Blue Note live album, On View at the Five Spot Cafe. Once they arrive at this 1976 recording, they will already possess a deeper appreciation for Burrell's talents that will surely enhance the experience". In JazzTimes, Mike Joyce wrote: "Prime Kenny Burrell? Not really. But that doesn't make the surfacing of this 1976 club recording any less welcome. Taped at the Downtown Room in Buffalo, N.Y., six of the seven performances that comprise Prime find the guitar master working with a trio of thoroughly compatible colleagues ... The sound quality is merely adequate, and several of the tunes will be familiar to Burrell buffs. But then again, the album's rewards are familiar, too"
Track listing
All compositions by Kenny Burrell except where noted
"Isabella" – 8:35
"Will You Still Be Mine?" (Tom Adair, Matt Dennis) – 8:32
"A Child Is Born" (Thad Jones) – 8:56
"Common Ground" (Burrell, Warren Stephens) – 8:17
"God Bless the Child" (Billie Holiday, Arthur Herzog Jr.) – 7:05
"Do What You Gotta Do" – 8:34
"Single Petal of a Rose" (Duke Ellington, Billy Strayhorn) – 4:27
Recorded at The Downtown Room, Buffalo, NY on January 6, 1976 (tracks 1-6) and Royce Hall, UCLA in Los Angeles, CA on December 2, 2006 (track 7)
Personnel
Kenny Burrell – electric guitar
Richard Wyands – piano (tracks 1-6)
Lisle Atkinson – bass (tracks 1-6)
Lenny McBrowne – drums (tracks 1-6)
References
Kenny Burrell live albums
2009 live albums
HighNote Records live albums
Houk Spur () is a bare rock spur extending from the southwest side of Mackin Table, north of Mount Dumais, in the southern Patuxent Range of the Pensacola Mountains in Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1956–66, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Vernon N. Houk, U.S. Navy, officer in charge of South Pole Station in the winter of 1958.
References
Ridges of Queen Elizabeth Land
Elections were held in Northumberland County, Ontario, on October 27, 2014, in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
Northumberland County Council
The Northumberland County Council consists of the seven mayors of its constituent municipalities.
Alnwick/Haldimand
Brighton
Cobourg
Cramahe
Hamilton
Port Hope
Trent Hills
References
Northumberland
Northumberland County, Ontario
Otterslide Creek is a stream located entirely within Ritchie County, West Virginia.
Otterslide Creek was so named on account of otters sliding there.
See also
List of rivers of West Virginia
References
Rivers of Ritchie County, West Virginia
Rivers of West Virginia
Rubina Saadat Qaimkhani () is a Pakistani politician, born 5 January 1975. They had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh from June 2013 to May 2018. Previously, they had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from 2002 to 2013.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in the 2002 Pakistani general election.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of PPP on a seat reserved for women from Sindh in the 2008 Pakistani general election. They served as federal parliamentary secretary for human rights during their second tenure as Member of the National Assembly.
They were elected to the Provincial Assembly of Sindh as a candidate of PPP on a seat reserved for women in the 2013 Pakistani general election. On 10 July 2013, they were inducted into the provincial Sindh cabinet of Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah and was appointed as Provincial Minister of Sindh for Population Welfare with the additional ministerial portfolios of Women Development, and Special Education. In May 2014, their ministerial portfolio of social welfare was removed.
In March 2015, they were removed from the cabinet.
Family
In March 2014, they filed for khula. In April 2014, the court dissolved the marriage.
In March 2018, their only son died in a car accident.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
Sindh MPAs 2013–2018
Living people
Pakistan People's Party MPAs (Sindh)
Pakistan People's Party MNAs
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Byron Foster Ritchie (January 29, 1853 – August 22, 1928) was an American lawyer and politician who served one term as a U.S. representative from Ohio from 1893 to 1895.
They were the son of James Monroe Ritchie, who also served one term in Congress.
Biography
Born in Grafton, Ohio, Ritchie moved with their parents to Toledo, Ohio, in 1860. They graduated from the Toledo High School in 1870. They studied law with their father, was admitted to the bar in 1874 and commenced practice in Toledo.
Congress
Ritchie was elected as a Democrat to the Fifty-third Congress (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1895). They were an unsuccessful candidate for re-election in 1894 to the Fifty-fourth Congress. They resumed the practice of law in Toledo.
Later career and death
Ritchie was elected judge of the court of common pleas of Lucas County, Ohio, in 1914. They were re-elected in 1916 and again in 1922, and served until their death in Toledo on August 22, 1928. They were interred in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Private life
Ritchie married Kate I. Taylor on April 11, 1878. They had a daughter named Violet. Ritchie was a member of the Freemasons and the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks.
References
Sources
1853 births
1928 deaths
People from Lorain County, Ohio
Politicians from Toledo, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
Lawyers from Toledo, Ohio
19th-century American lawyers
Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Batikian may refer to:
Ani Batikian (born 1982), an Armenian violinist currently living in the United Kingdom
Gandzak, Armenia, formerly Batikian, a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia
Breynia disticha is a plant in the family Phyllanthaceae, first described in 1776. It is native to New Caledonia and Vanuatu in the western Pacific, but naturalized on a wide assortment of other islands around the world (West Indies, São Tomé, Seychelles, Chagos Islands, Bonin Islands, Norfolk Island, Fiji, Line Islands, Society Islands, Hawaii, etc.), as well as in the U.S. state of Florida.
Breynia disticha presumably is pollinated by leafflower moths (Epicephala spp.) in its native range, like other species of plants in the genus Breynia. Leafflower moths have been reared from fruit of this species in New Caledonia.
References
Flora of New Caledonia
Flora of Vanuatu
Plants described in 1863
disticha
The 1959–60 Eintracht Frankfurt season was the 60th season in the club's football history. In 1959–60 the club played in the Oberliga Süd, the top tier of German football. It was the club's 15th season in the Oberliga Süd.
Matches
Legend
Friendlies
Oberliga
League fixtures and results
League table
DFB-Pokal / SFV-Pokal
1958–59
1959–60
European Cup
Final match
Squad
Squad and statistics
|}
Transfers
In:
Out:
See also
1959–60 European Cup
1960 European Cup Final
Notes
References
Sources
External links
Official English Eintracht website
German archive site
1959–60 Oberliga Süd season at Fussballdaten.de
1959-60
German football clubs 1959–60 season
José Mera (born 11 March 1979 in Puerto Tejada, Cauca) is a retired Colombian football defender.
Statistics (Official games/Colombian Ligue and Colombian Cup)
(Updated 14 November 2010)
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Deportes Quindío footballers
Independiente Medellín footballers
Deportivo Cali footballers
Club Libertad footballers
Deportivo Pereira footballers
Deportivo Pasto footballers
Caracas FC players
Millonarios F.C. players
Categoría Primera A player
Paraguayan Primera División players
Colombian footballers
Colombia international footballers
Colombian expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Paraguay
Expatriate footballers in Venezuela
2003 FIFA Confederations Cup players
2003 CONCACAF Gold Cup players
Association football defenders
Sportspeople from Cauca Department
Megalota vera is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Thailand, New Guinea, the Bismarck Islands, Bali, the Moluccas and Australia (northern Queensland).
References
Moths described in 1966
Olethreutini
Dirfi (, older form Δίρφυς - Dirfys) is a mountain in the central part of the island of Euboea, Greece. At 1,743 m elevation, it is the highest mountain of Euboea. The Dirfi gave its name to the municipal unit Dirfys. Its summit is 4 km west of Stropones, 5 km north of Steni Dirfyos and 28 km northeast of the city of Chalcis. There are forests on the lower slopes while most of the mountain is covered with grassland and in winter with permafrost and snow.
Gallery
See also
List of European ultra prominent peaks
References
Euboea
Mountains of Greece
Mountains of Central Greece
Landforms of Euboea (regional unit)
Pompeianus may refer to:
Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus Quintianus, son of Syrian Roman consul Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus
Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus, Roman general of emperor Marcus Aurelius.
Ruricius Pompeianus, Praetorian prefect
Lucius Aurelius Commodus Pompeianus, son of Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus Quintianus; Roman consul in 209
Lucius Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus, son of Lucius Aurelius Commodus Pompeianus; Roman consul in 236
Gabinius Barbarus Pompeianus, fifth-century praefectus urbi
Taunggyi Township is a township of Taunggyi District in the Shan State of Myanmar. The principal town is Taunggyi.
Borders
Taunggyi Township is bordered by the following townships:
Lawksawk to the north
Hopong to the north and east
Hsi Hseng to the east and south
Nyaungshwe (Yawunghwe) to the west
Kalaw to the west
Formerly, the northern half of Hopong Township was part of Mong Kung Township (Mongkaung Township).
Demographics
2014
The 2014 Myanmar Census reported that Taunggyi Township had a population of 381,639. The population density was 350.1 people per km². The census reported that the median age was 26.2 years, and 95 males per 100 females. There were 82,604 households; the mean household size was 4.3.
Towns
Taunggyi
Ayethaya
Kyauktalonegyi
Kunlon
Communities
In addition to the town of Taunggyi itself, there are two large towns in Taunggyi Township: Ayetharyar and Kyauktalonegyi. Among the many villages and wards (village census tracts) in Taunggyi Township are:
Notes
External links
"Taunggyi Google Satellite Map" Maplandia World Gazetteer
"Taunggyi Township Shan State" Map, 14 June 2010, Myanmar Information Management Unit (MIMU)
Townships of Shan State
Oda Schaefer (really Oda Lange, born December 21, 1900 in Berlin-Wilmersdorf as Oda Krus; died September 4, 1988 in Munich) was a German writer and journalist.
Life
Oda Schaefer was the daughter of Eberhard Kraus, one of the early Baltic writers and journalist, and their wife Alice Baertels, who came from a merchant family in Estonia. Oda Schaefer attended a secondary school in Berlin and then went to a private arts school for training in graphic design. They then worked as a commercial artist. In 1923, they married the painter Albert Schaefer-Ast, with whom they had a son in 1924. The marriage ended after a short time in divorce. In 1926, Schaefer moved for family reasons to Liegnitz. There they met the writer Horst Lange, with whom they returned to Berlin in 1931 and married in 1933.
From 1928, Schaefer wrote fashion magazine articles, poems, and plays. During the Third Reich they were with Lange and Günter Eich in the circle around the literary magazine The Column, which was affiliated with Inner Immigration, a movement of writers and artists who were opposed to National Socialism but did not leave Germany. Peter Huchel and Elisabeth Langgässer were close friends with them at this time. Works by them appeared in the journal The Interior Kingdom, and the Frankfurter Newspaper. Schaefer was a member of the Reich Chamber. Although Shaefer and their husband were opponents of the Nazi regime, and helped Jews by hiding them for a while, at the same time they wrote for officially sanctioned publications.
In the aftermath of World War II, Oda's son was missing and their husband was severely injured. They lived for a while in the middle of a forest and then in Switzerland, before going to Munich in 1950, where they freelanced for various newspapers and broadcasts.
Schaefer's literary work consists primarily of poetry in traditional forms inspired by the naturalist poet Wilhelm Lehmann and George von Vring. With Horst Lange they wrote Trümmerliteratur of the post-war period along with the authors of the Group 47.
Schaefer, a member of the Deutsche Akademie für Sprache und Dichtung in Darmstadt and the PEN Center of the Federal Republic of Germany, received in 1951 a prize of the Academy of Sciences and Literature; in 1952, the Honorary Prize of the Bavarian Academy of Fine Arts; in 1955, Literature Prize from the Society for the Promotion of German Literature; in 1959, Literature Prize from the City of Munich; in 1964, the Federal Cross of Merit, First Class; in 1975, Literature Prize of the Cultural Committee of the Federal Association of German Industry; and in 1973, the Schwabing Art Prize.
Schaefer's biography inspired their grand-nephew Chris Kraus for their feature film The Poll Diaries, with Paula Beer in the lead role.
Works
The Wind Harp. Berlin 1939
Earthly Conduct. Munich 1946
The Chestnut Bud. Munich 1947
Unparalleled Rose. Stuttgart 1948
Cat Walk. Munich 1956
Grass Tune. Munich 1959
The Boutique. Munich 1963
Ladies Only, or From the Art of Being a Woman. Zurich 1963
And You Ask Me, What Love Is. Munich (inter alia) 1968
Also if You Dream, the Time Goes. Munich 1970
The Green Clay. Munich 1973
The Skin in the World. Munich (inter alia) 1976
The Vibrant Festivities Over Grief. Munich 1977
Recurrence. Munich (inter alia) 1985
Ballads and Poems. Munich 1995
Works about Shaefer
Monika Bächer: Oda Schaefer (1900–1988). Leben und Werk. Aisthesis, Bielefeld 2006, .
External links
Ausgewählte Gedichte beim Arnshaugk-Verlag
Poll – Film von Chris Kraus über Oda Schaefer mit Interview über sie
1900 births
1988 deaths
German women poets
20th-century German poets
20th-century German women writers
Members of the German Academy for Language and Literature
Officer Crosses of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany
Imelda Anne Crawford (22 November 1920 – 17 October 1956) was a British film actor, born in Palestine of a Scottish father and an English mother, and brought up in Edinburgh.
Biography
A contemporary of Margaret Lockwood and Phyllis Calvert, Crawford is best remembered for their roles in women's pictures of the 1940s, such as Millions Like Us (1943), Two Thousand Women (1944) and They Were Sisters (1945).
They married Wallace Douglas in 1953 and died of leukaemia in London in 1956, aged 35. The Times, on 18 October 1956, reported that they were playing in Agatha Christie's The Spider's Web, at London's Savoy Theatre, when they became ill. Also, that after acting in a stage production of The Gift, about a scientist blinded by an accident, they added a codicil to their will leaving their eyes to the International Eye Bank.
Filmography
Film
Television
References
External links
1920 births
1956 deaths
Scottish actores
British film actores
Deaths from leukemia
Deaths from cancer in England
20th-century British actores
Weibo Gaming is a Chinese esports organization owned by the Weibo Corporation. Its League of Legends team competes in the LPL, the top-level league for the game in China.
The organization was owned by e-commerce company Suning.com for most of its history and was previously known as Suning ( ).
League of Legends
History
The organization was founded as Suning Gaming on 28 December 2016, following Suning.com's acquisition of the League of Legends team T.Bear Gaming. A roster was formed to compete in the LSPL, China's secondary pro league; it consisted of XiaoAL (now Langx), Avoidless, dian, Fury, and Yoon. Suning placed second in the 2017 LSPL spring regular season and later swept Young Miracles in the spring finals to qualify for the LPL.
Roster
Tournament results
Notes
References
External links
2016 establishments in China
Esports teams established in 2016
Esports teams based in China
League of Legends Pro League teams
Centennial Hill is district at the northern edge of Downtown Atlanta, Georgia. The name was originally coined by Hines Interests and applied only to their planned development in the area. Although the development was never started and the land later sold, the name remained and became associated with the whole neighborhood. Due in part to the Georgia Aquarium and to renewed interest in city living, Centennial Hill is undergoing a development boom estimated at over US$1 billion . This includes Allen Plaza, an eight-block complex that spans many side streets and borders Ivan Allen. The seasoned developer's project had already delivered the north end of downtown a modern fresh look, with glass buildings that accommodated Southern Co. (and now, Menlo Equities) and Ernst & Young looming over the Downtown Connector and a W Hotel nearby.
The center of the neighborhood is considered to be the intersection of Ivan Allen Boulevard and Spring Street. The boundaries of the neighborhood are generally acknowledged to be North Avenue to the north, Baker Street to the south, Luckie Street to the west and the Downtown Connector to the east. About half of that area consists of the Centennial Place residential community, which in 1996 replaced Techwood Homes, which in 1936 had been the United States' first public housing project. Previous to the 1930s the area was a slum called Tanyard Bottom or Tech Flats.
References
External links
"Centennial Hills: Condos near downtown's new attractions", Kellyl Watton, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, November 19, 2004
Neighborhoods in Atlanta
Elsazı is a village in the Bucak district of Burdur Province in Turkey.
References
Villages in Bucak District
Sant'Angelo Le Fratte is a town and comune in the province of Potenza, in the Southern Italian region of Basilicata. As of 2011 its population was of 1,457.
Geography
Located near the borders with Campania, Sant'Angelo is bounded by the comuni of Brienza, Caggiano (SA), Polla (SA), Satriano di Lucania, Savoia di Lucania, and Tito. It counts the hamlets (frazioni) of Farisi, Isca, Santa Maria Fellana, and San Vito.
Demographics
References
External links
Sant'Angelo Le Fratte official website
Cities and towns in Basilicata
Max Hagmayr (born 16 November 1956) is a retired football striker from Austria. During their club career, Hagmayr played for VÖEST Linz, Karlsruher SC, Rapid Wien and LASK Linz.
References
External links
1956 births
Living people
Austrian footballers
Austria international footballers
Association football forwards
1982 FIFA World Cup players
LASK players
SK Rapid Wien players
Austrian Football Bundesliga players
Bundesliga players
Austrian football managers
LASK managers
People from Wels
Footballers from Upper Austria
Bernard Richard Braine, Baron Braine of Wheatley, PC (24 June 1914 – 5 January 2000) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. They were a Member of Parliament (MP) for 42 years, from 1950 to 1992, representing constituencies in Essex.
Early life
They were educated at Hendon County Grammar School, and served with the North Staffordshire Regiment in the Second World War, rising to the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel.
Political career
In 1948, Braine opposed GATT, arguing that it limited imperial preference.
Having stood unsuccessfully for Leyton East in 1945, Braine was elected as MP for Billericay at the 1950 general election. When constituency boundaries were revised for the 1955 election they were returned for the new South East Essex constituency, and when that constituency was abolished for the 1983 general election, they were elected for the new Castle Point constituency, becoming Father of the House of Commons in 1987 after James Callaghan's elevation to the House of Lords.
During their long parliamentary career, Braine served as a junior Minister variously for Pensions, Commonwealth Relations and Health.
They were chairperson of the National Council on Alcoholism, and author of the report Alcohol and Work (1977), widely known as the Braine Report. They were a member of the Parliamentary Groups on Human Rights and against abortion. For many years they served as an unofficial ambassador of HM's government to the Polish Government-in-Exile in London. They were knighted in the 1972 New Year Honours, and appointed as a Privy Counsellor in 1985.
Braine championed many causes involving oppressed people. Among them was the Campaign for the Defence of the Unjustly Prosecuted, of which they were President and later Chairman during 1980-1987. In this capacity and in collaboration with the exiled journalist Josef Josten, they campaigned vigorously for the release from prison of the dissident playwright Vaclav Havel, who later became President of the Czech Republic. They were decorated by Havel at a ceremony in Prague Castle on 28 October 1995.
Later life
Braine stepped down from Parliament at the 1992 general election, and on 10 August that year they were made a life peer as Baron Braine of Wheatley, of Rayleigh in the County of Essex. They died in January 2000 at the age of 85.
Arms
References
External links
Parliamentary Archives, The papers of Baron Braine of Wheatley, 1947-1994
1914 births
2000 deaths
British Army personnel of World War II
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
Braine of Wheatley
Knights Bachelor
Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for South East Essex
Members of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Ministers in the Macmillan and Douglas-Home governments, 1957–1964
North Staffordshire Regiment officers
People from Rayleigh, Essex
Politicians awarded knighthoods
Recipients of the Order of Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk
UK MPs 1950–1951
UK MPs 1951–1955
UK MPs 1955–1959
UK MPs 1959–1964
UK MPs 1964–1966
UK MPs 1966–1970
UK MPs 1970–1974
UK MPs 1974
UK MPs 1974–1979
UK MPs 1979–1983
UK MPs 1983–1987
UK MPs 1987–1992
Grand Commanders of the Order of Honour (Greece)
Bo Vestergaard (born 27 November 1965) is a Danish lightweight rower. They won a gold medal at the 1992 World Rowing Championships in Montreal with the lightweight men's eight.
References
1965 births
Living people
Danish male rowers
World Rowing Championships medalists for Denmark
Luffield Abbey is a place in the very north of Buckinghamshire, England. It is on the border with Northamptonshire, close to Biddlesden and Silverstone.
Priory of Luffield
The place takes its name from the Benedictine priory of Luffield, founded by Robert, 2nd Earl of Leicester some time before 1133. The priory was suppressed in 1494, by which time the priory was in ruins and there were only two monks. The lands were then granted to Westminster Abbey.
There was no trace of the ancient abbey in a land survey conducted in 1732. The remains of the abbey were found on the edge of the south east runway of the airfield which is now part of Silverstone Circuit, about 200 metres north east of Stowe Corner. Markings of the foundations can be seen in discolorations in the grass on some aerial images taken in the early 1990s. Human remains were found near the abbey in the 1970s. They were found to be monks who had been sufferers of the plague and buried face down.
Two corners of the circuit are named after the location: turn 1 is known as Abbey and turn 7 as Luffield.
Subsequent history
In 1551, after the Dissolution, the manor was granted to Francis Throckmorton. In 1718 it passed to their descendant Richard Temple, 1st Viscount Cobham of Stowe, and passed with the Stowe estates until the mid 19th century.
Luffield Abbey was an extra-parochial area, until 1844 partly in Northamptonshire and partly in Buckinghamshire. In 1844 the part in the former county was transferred to the Northamptonshire parish of Silverstone so that Luffield Abbey was entirely within Buckinghamshire thereafter. In 1858 it became a civil parish.
The parish consisted of a single farm. By 1931 the population of the parish had dropped to 2. After 1974 the civil parish was abolished and merged with Lillingstone Dayrell to form the civil parish of Lillingstone Dayrell with Luffield Abbey. The name is also given to the most northern ward of Aylesbury Vale District Council.
References
Monasteries in Buckinghamshire
Former civil parishes in Buckinghamshire
Maravanpatti is a small village in Pudukkottai district, between Alangudi and Karamakudi, located 30 km from Pudukottai Busstand and 15 km from Alangudi. Maravanpatti is administered under Alangudi Taluk but the postal center is Vadakadu.
Temple
Every year on the full moon day of Cithirai the festival of Chithirai Thiruvizha is celebrated for Shree Kudikaatha Amman among the village people. This is a three-day festival. Anyone who has left the village for work comes back home to the village. Several cultural programs are hosted in the temple ground, with each program sponsored a member of a village family. The temple was planned to renovate in April, 2010, but unfortunately it was stopped due to some reasons.
Villages in Pudukkottai district
Something About a Soldier, subtitled "A Comedy-drama in Three Acts", was a play written by Emmy-winning writer Ernest Kinoy. It premiered on Broadway at the Ambassador Theatre in New York on January 4, 1962, after a preview the night before. In all, the show ran for 12 performances, closing on January 13, 1962.
Plot
The play is based on a 1957 novel by Mark Harris and deals with the experiences of an idealistic young soldier in a Georgia-based Army training camp during World War II and the Army captain who, by hospitalizing him, saves them from the war.
Actors
It featured Oscar nominee Sal Mineo in their first and only Broadway leading role as the young soldier, and also the supporting veteran stage and film actors Ralph Meeker and Kevin McCarthy, and newcomers Ken Kercheval and Tony Roberts.
Producer
It was produced by the Theatre Guild and Dore Schary, who also directed the play.
Reception
Although Sal Mineo's performance in the lead role was generally praised, reviews for the play as a whole were unenthusiastic.
Notes
1962 plays
Plays based on novels
American plays
Plays set in Georgia (U.S. state)
Broadway plays
Living Languages is an international non-profit organisation which was established to advance the sustainability of the world's Indigenous languages.
History
The organisation was founded as the Resource Network for Linguistic Diversity (RNLD) in 2004 by linguists Margaret Florey and Nicholas Thieberger as a resource organisation aiming to support linguistic diversity by offering a range of training programs, facilitating networking between language maintenance practitioners, and maintaining a website with various practical resources. Living Languages is incorporated in Victoria, Australia, and is registered as a tax-exempt organisation. Funded activities by Living Languages are primarily supported by the Indigenous Languages Support (ILS) grant scheme from the Government of Australia. In September of 2019, it renamed to 'Living Languages', with the stated goal of better reflecting the organisation's mission.
Mission
When initially founded as the RNLD, its mission statement was stated as:
Since renaming to Living Languages in 2019, this was updated to:
Training
Resources
Living Languages provides a range of resources to support language documentation and revitalisation activities. These include information about national and international funding opportunities for language work, links to blogs and networks including the active the organisation's email discussion list, and other resources for language documentation and revitalisation such as information about software, language materials, language centres, equipment for language work, orthography development, data management, training programs, and language documentation projects.
References
Linguistics organizations
Non-profit organisations based in Victoria (Australia)
Language documentation
Endangered languages projects
Violet Avenue School is a historic school building located at Poughkeepsie, Dutchess County, New York. It was built in 1939–1940, and is a two-story, five part, Colonial Revival style school building with load-bearing bluestone walls. It consists of a central tetrastyle portico entry block flanked by four wings. The central section features a central two-story classical portico with four columns with Corinthian order capitals and a prominent domed cupola. The school was built under the auspices of the Public Works Administration and President Franklin Delano Roosevelt was influential in the design.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2013.
References
Public Works Administration in New York (state)
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in New York (state)
Colonial Revival architecture in New York (state)
School buildings completed in 1940
Buildings and structures in Poughkeepsie, New York
National Register of Historic Places in Poughkeepsie, New York
Avatha sumatrana is a species of moth of the family Erebidae. It is found in Sumatra and Borneo.
References
External links
Moths described in 1985
Avatha
Moths of Borneo
Moths of Sumatra
J'attendrai le suivant... (I'll Wait for the Next One...) is a 2002 French short film directed by Philippe Orreindy. Lasting only four minutes, the film takes place almost entirely on a metro train.
The film was released in France in September 2002, with subsequent screenings at various film festivals followed by releases around the world. At the 75th Academy Awards, the film was nominated for Best Short Film, but did not win.
Synopsis
A man on a crowded metro train gathers the attention of the passengers in their train car, saying that they have an announcement to make. The passengers at first seem to think that the man is one of the typical train-entertainers. But the man says that they are simply looking for love. They state that their name is Antoine and that they are 29 years old, and adds that they are well off, educated, and athletic and that they are tired of living a tedious life of solitude and is looking for someone to share life's precious moments with. After a long speech (and brief debate with another male passenger), the man says that any interested women should get off at the next stop. A woman, who earlier had forlornly watched an embracing couple on an escalator in the metro and has now been shown smiling throughout the man's speech, promptly stands up as soon as the train slows down, and steps off to the platform. Obviously excited, they are waiting for the man to step off to join them As they stare their way, the man tells them through the closing train door, "Miss, it was only a skit..." The train doors shut and train speeds off, leaving the woman standing alone and dejected on the platform. At the end the screen goes black and the man says "thank you for watching" before asking passengers for money. It appears that, after all, they are not the man they pretended to be but rather a homeless beggar performing for money on the metro.
Cast
Sophie Forte - La jeune femme
Thomas Gaudin - L'homme
Pascal Casanova - Le comparse
Awards and nominations
References
2000s French-language films
2002 films
French short films
Rail transport films
European Film Awards winners (films)
Phlogophora calamistrata is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Frederic Moore in 1882. It is found in India.
References
Hadeninae
The 2021 National League 2, also known as the 2021 MPT Myanmar National League 2, is the 9th season of the MNL-2, the second division league for association football clubs since its founding in 2012.
It has been decided to hold the MNL2 tournament with a total of eight teams, including Dagon FC and a new team that have re-applied for MNL2.
New Clubs
Dagon registered to play again in 2021 MNL-2 season.
Clubs
Stadiums
References
External links
2021 Myanmar National League
MNL-2 seasons
2021 in Burmese football
Vornado is an American firm based in Andover, Kansas, that designs and manufactures household fans and other small appliances related to air circulation. The current incarnation of the company was founded in 1989, two years after the death of Ralph K. Odor (1895-1987), who founded the firm in the 1930s with Ottis A. Sutton in Wichita. The name of the company is a portmanteau of "Vortex" and "Tornado".
History
Ralph K. Odor experimented with different designs to improve airplane propellers in the late 1920s. In the 1930s, Odor met Ottis A. Sutton and the two men continued to experiment with different designs for propellers and were granted several patents. Odor and Sutton realized the propeller designs could also be applied to household fans, and after the end of World War II, the O.A. Sutton Corporation began marketing Vornado fans under the "Vornadofan" brand name.
The name "Vornado" is a portmanteau of two words: "vortex" and "tornado".
Early fans were designed by industrial designer Richard Ten Eyck, and were distinguished from ordinary fans by enclosure in a short duct shaped as aerodynamically contoured cylindrical ring, with an added concentric flared intake duct ring, sharply pitched blades, stationary vanes and aerodynamic grille, and rubber shock-mounting. The design was advertised as making the fan exceptionally quiet, efficient and effective, delivering a narrower, more-concentrated blast of air than normal fans.
The company later added a line of air conditioners.
Amid sales that had fallen to half of their peak, the company ceased production in September 1958 and began liquidating its inventory, and manufacturing and office equipment were auctioned off in June 1959. Sutton's air conditioner coil manufacturing line was purchased by Gibson Refrigerator Co. and moved from Wichita. In October 1959, the O.A. Sutton Corp. was purchased by the discount department store chain Two Guys, which subsequently renamed itself Vornado, Inc.
The consolidated company expanded the Vornado line of appliances to more than 50 in under three years, including ranges, freezers, hair dryers, and electronic can openers sold by the Two Guys chain as well as other dealers, though the manufacturing operations were outsourced. That company eventually divested all retail operations and evolved into what is now Vornado Realty Trust, a real estate investment trust.
From 1997 to 2008, the Vornado headquarters in Andover hosted the Antique Fan Collectors Association's (AFCA's) Antique Fan Museum in their lobby, featuring antique electric fans sourced from AFCA members around the world, as well as some modern Vornado products. In 2008, the museum relocated to Zionsville, Indiana at ceiling fan manufacturer Fanimation's headquarters.
Current
The Vornado brand name was resurrected in 1989 by Michael Coup. Operating under the name Vornado Air Circulation Systems Inc., Coup obtained the rights to the Vornado trademark and worked with original designer Richard Ten Eyck to come up with a new fan design. Initially the company operated in northeast Wichita (Vornado's original hometown). The design consisted of a unique spiral front grille with patented "Vortex Action" technology, which allowed air to exit in a spiral pattern, and bounce off of walls, allowing for whole-room air circulation. The air circulators also contained modern updates of some classic Vornado features, such as the rear air inlet (which allowed ambient air to enter through the rear of the fan to be recirculated and a plastic, three-winged blade with a unique design. These air circulators were available as table, floor, stand, or window models, and were available in different colors. The "Vortex Action" technology and uniquely-designed blade was also used for Vornado-branded heaters, air purifiers, and dehumidifiers.
Between January 1989 and August 1990, Vornado sold about 135,000 of its fans with a distinctive spiral front grille. In August 1990, competitor Duracraft began offering a cheaper, visually similar fan, and by November 1992, Duracraft had sold nearly one million of them—that company's second-largest-selling household fan. Vornado sued under the Lanham Act claiming deceptive imitation in appearance—but an appeals court ruled against Vornado, because the design had been a part of their expired patent, and was now in the public domain.
In the late 1990s, Vornado introduced a line of reproduction fans, starting with the Silver Swan table fan, which was based on the Emerson Electric Silver Swan table fan from the Art Deco era in the 1930s. The line expanded with modern reproductions of Vornado's own "VornadoFan" air circulators. The "Alchemy Series" was introduced in 2017, featuring custom finishes and a custom storage bag included with each product.
According to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC), from January 1993 through February 2004, Vornado received over 300 reports of defective heater units overheating, melting, smoking, or catching fire. The CPSC alleged that Vornado Air Circulation Systems, Inc., failed to promptly report these incidents to the CPSC as required by law, saying Vornado only reported the incidents to the CPSC after CPSC staff started asking questions, in February, 2004.
In December 2006, Vornado Air Circulation Systems sold most of its assets to a private equity firm, which formed a new company, Vornado Air, LLC., in Wichita's neighboring suburban community of Andover.
In January, 2008, the CPSC reported that a liquidating trust, acting on behalf of the by-now dissolved manufacturer, Vornado Air Circulation Systems, Inc. (formerly of Andover), agreed to pay the government a $500,000 civil penalty, settling the prior CPSC allegations against Vornado Air Circulation Systems Inc., regarding the 300-plus unreported defective heater units. Vornado did not, however, concede any violation of law.
On August 14, 2014, the CPSC announced a recall of 79,000 Vornado-brand electric heaters (Vornado VH110 Whole Room Vortex electric space heaters) which had been made in China for Vornado Air, LLC, of Andover, and sold for about $60 at several major retail store chains and online sellers, and the design were known to be defective and had issues since 1993, before they were even made in China. The recall followed 29 reports of units overheating and melting, including seven reports of heaters catching fire, resulting in one report of smoke inhalation and one report of property damage caused by soot and smoke.
In 2017, Vornado introduced their line of Energy Smart air circulators (fans). The fans feature Direct Current (DC) motors, are manufactured at Vornado's headquarters in Andover, and have an infinitely-variable speed controls with either a manual rheostat-type control, or a digital pushbutton control panel. The Energy Smart line has since expanded to air purifiers and humidifiers.
See also
Vornado Realty Trust, a realty company which shares the name due to its acquisition of the O.A. Sutton Company
References
External links
Guide to fans & history
Manufactured goods
Ventilation fans
Ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate (oxyma) is the oxime of ethyl cyanoacetate and finds use as an additive for carbodiimides, such as dicyclohexylcarbodiimide (DCC) in peptide synthesis. It acts as a neutralizing reagent for the basicity or nucleophilicity of the DCC due to its pronounced acidity (pKa 4.60) and suppresses base catalyzed side reactions, in particular racemization.
Production
Ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate is obtained in the reaction of ethyl cyanoacetate and nitrous acid (from sodium nitrite and acetic acid) in 87% yield.
Because of the rapid hydrolysis of the ester, the reaction should be carried out at pH 4.5, in buffered phosphoric acid the product can even be obtained in virtually quantitative yield.
The compound can be purified by recrystallization from ethanol or ethyl acetate.
Compared with the benzotriazole derivatives 1-hydroxybenzotriazole (HOBt) and 1-hydroxy-7-azabenzotriazole (HOAt) (which are widely used as peptide-linking reagents but are explosive), ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate exhibits a markedly slowed thermal decomposition on heating.
Properties
Ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate is a white solid which is soluble in many solvents common in the synthesis of peptides, such as dichloromethane or dimethylformamide (DMF). In crystalline form, the compound is present as an oxime, whereas it exists as a salt or in a strongly basic solution predominantly as a tautomeric nitrosoisomer in anionic form.
Applications
Owing to the simple preparative accessibility, the uncritical behavior at temperatures below 80 °C and in particular because of the high yields and the low racemization of the peptides obtained, ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate has now become widely used as an additive in peptide syntheses.
Ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate can be used as a coupling additive in the conventional peptide linking in solution, as in automated Merrifield synthesis on a solid-phase peptide synthesis, together with coupling reagents such as carbodiimides (for example dicyclohexylcarbodiimide (DCC)), diisopropylcarbodiimide (DIC) or the water-soluble 1-ethyl-3-(3-dimethylaminopropyl)carbodiimide (EDCI)).
For example, the stepwise liquid-phase synthesis of the dipeptide Z-L-Phg-L-Val-OMe yields the LL-product with 81-84% which is free from racemic DL dipeptide, using From N-protected Z-L-α-phenylglycine (with the benzyloxycarbonyl group, Z group) and L-valine methyl ester with the coupling reagent DIC and the additive ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate.
More recently, a variety of derivatives of ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate (Oxyma) have been developed as acylation reagents, such as Fmoc-oxyma for the transfer of the fluorenylmethoxycarbonyl protective group
or the coupling reagent COMU which is readily soluble as a dimethylmorpholine-uronium salt and which, like Oxyma, is superior to the standard additive HOBt for the suppression of racemization and acylation efficiency and is comparable to HOAt without presenting an explosion risk such as the benzotriazoles.
With water-soluble derivatives of ethyl cyanohydroxyiminoacetate (glyceroacetonide-oxyma) as additive and DIC as coupling reagent even in weakly basic aqueous solutions the linking of protected amino acids to oligopeptides is possible with a yield of 95% and a diastereomeric excess of> 99% using the model substances Z-L-Phg-OH and L-H-Pro-NH2.
In the coupling of amino acids, frequently occurring secondary reactions largely suppressed, which would be the formation of symmetrical acid anhydrides, racemization and epimerization and the cyclization to oxazolinones or - especially for dipeptides - to 2,5-diketopiperazines.
References
Oximes
Carboxylate esters
Nitriles
Reagents for biochemistry
Reagents for organic chemistry
Air Vice Marshal Muhammad Mafidur Rahman is a Bangladesh Air Force officer and Incumbent Chairman of Civil Aviation Authority, Bangladesh. Prior to this appointment, they were the air officer commanding at two important air bases namely BAF Base Bangabandhu, Kurmitola, Dhaka and BAF Base Zahurul Haque, Patenga, Chattogram.
Career
The Air Vice Marshal was enrolled at the Bangladesh Air Force Academy in 1983 and was commissioned in 1985 from BAF Academy in General Duties (Pilot) branch. At Un peacekeeping mission, they served as Military Observer in Macedonia in 1998 and as Contingent Commander of Aviation Units in DR Congo in 2005 and 2012. By dint of their current appointment they are Board of Directors of Biman Bangladesh Airlines. They have been elected as vice-chairperson of the 56th Conference of the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) of Asia Pacific (APAC) region.
Personal life
 They are married to Sharmin Sultana and father of twin daughters, Mayisha and Ramisa.
References
Bangladesh Air Force personnel
Bangladesh Air Force
1967 births
Living people
Loudwater is a village in the parish of Chepping Wycombe in Buckinghamshire, England. It is located in the valley to the east of High Wycombe, on the A40 London Road.
History
The village name refers to the River Wye nearby, that also flows through High Wycombe. In manorial records in 1241 the village was referred to as La Ludewatere.
The brick built St Peter's Church dates from 1788 with a gothic style chancel added in 1903 and further improvements in recent years, including new windows. On the London Road there is a Victorian mansion called Burleighfield House that was once the studio of the stained glass designer Patrick Reyntiens.
There was once a blotting paper mill in the valley and Loudwater had its own railway station on the Wycombe Railway that opened in 1854 and closed in 1970.
Today there is little to distinguish the village from the urban sprawl of High Wycombe, though it is signed along the London Road. A 1744 milestone can still be seen and there is also still a traditional village pub 'The Derehams Inn' in Derehams Lane.
Features
Loudwater is home to several retail and industrial concerns - a large Tesco supermarket, an industrial estate, a small retail park, a Brewers Fayre motel and also the office of the local newspaper, the Bucks Free Press. The M40 motorway crosses over the valley close to the village, and facilitates the eastbound only Junction 3, signposted as 'Wycombe East'.
Loudwater was once served by the High Wycombe to Bourne End railway line, the station being situated at the bottom of Treadaway Hill. The line and station closed in 1970, the old railway path can still be walked through Fennel Wood.
Loudwater is known as the Headquarters of Dreams Beds, Costa Express and Fonehouse.
Loudwater has a primary school called Loudwater Combined School, located on Kingsmead Road.
External links
Flackwell Heath and Loudwater Local History Group
Hamlets in Buckinghamshire
High Wycombe
Justice Snell may refer to:
Bruce M. Snell, associate justice of the Iowa Supreme Court from 1961 to 1970
Bruce M. Snell Jr., associate justice of the Iowa Supreme Court from 1987 to 2001
Family Matters is an American sitcom that originally aired from 1989 to 1998.
Family Matters may also refer to:
Family Matters, journal of the Australian Institute of Family Studies
Family Matters (film), a 1994 film directed by Susanne Bier
Family Matters (novel), 2002
Family Matters (Singaporean TV series), 2006–present
Family Matters (Philippine TV series), 2010–present
"Family Matters" (Supernatural), an episode of the television series Supernatural
Jo Frost: Family Matters, a British television talk show
"Family Matters", a 1990 episode of the TV series In the Heat of the Night
Family Matters, a 2006 novel by Ira Berkowitz
See also
A Family Matter (disambiguation)
Sociology of the family
SRI International's Augmentation Research Center (ARC) was founded in the 1960s by electrical engineer Douglas Engelbart to develop and experiment with new tools and techniques for collaboration and information processing.
The main product to come out of ARC was the revolutionary oN-Line System, better known by its abbreviation, NLS. ARC is also known for the invention of the "computer mouse" pointing device, and its role in the early formation of the Internet.
Engelbart recruited workers and ran the organization until the late 1970s when the project was commercialized and sold to Tymshare, which was eventually purchased by McDonnell Douglas.
Beginnings
Some early ideas by Douglas Engelbart were developed in 1959 funded by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research (now Rome Laboratory).
By 1962, a framework document was published.
J. C. R. Licklider, the first director of the United States Department of Defense's Advanced Research Project Agency (DARPA) Information Processing Techniques Office (IPTO), funded the project in early 1963. First experiments were done trying to connect a display at SRI to the massive one-of-a-kind AN/FSQ-32 computer at the System Development Corporation in Santa Monica, California.
NASA funding
NASA began to provide major funding at the behest of Robert Taylor in 1964. A custom graphical workstation was built around a commercial computer, the CDC 160A, and a CDC 3100, which handled a single user at a time. In 1965, Taylor became IPTO director, leading to increased funding. In 1968 an SDS 940 computer running the Berkeley Timesharing System allowed multiple users.
The project was first called ARNAS after the sponsors. For a few years it was then called the Augmented Human Intellect Research Center, which got shortened to the Augmentation Research Center around 1969.
The Mother of All Demos
During a 90-minute session at the Fall Joint Computer Conference in December 1968, Engelbart, Bill English, Jeff Rulifson and other ARC staffers presented their work in a live demonstration, including real-time video conferencing and interactive editing in an era when batch processing was still the paradigm for using computers. This was later called "the Mother of All Demos".
Reference library service
Engelbart had volunteered ARC to provide the first reference library service on the ARPANET while it was being designed. The first message sent on ARPANET was between the ARC computer and UCLA. Larry Roberts continued to fund the ARC through DARPA IPTO until they left in 1974. The library service evolved into the Internet Network Information Center managed by Elizabeth J. Feinler. Bertram Raphael was put in charge of the project in 1976.
Sale to Tymshare
The technology was sold to Tymshare in 1977, with 20 members of the former SRI group (including Engelbart) becoming Tymshare employees. Only about three or four people were left to continue the NIC, although this group grew quickly along with the Internet. Jon Postel left in 1977 to join the Information Sciences Institute. A number of early participants moved on to careers at Xerox, Hewlett-Packard, Apple Computer, Sun Microsystems, and other leading computer companies.
Tymshare renamed the software Augment and offered it as a commercial service via its new Office Automation Division. At Tymshare, Engelbart soon found themselves marginalized and relegated to obscurity. Operational concerns at Tymshare overrode Engelbart's desire to do further research. Various executives, first at Tymshare and later at McDonnell Douglas, which acquired Tymshare in 1984, expressed interest in their ideas, but never committed the funds or the people to further develop them. Their interest inside of McDonnell Douglas was focused on the enormous knowledge management and IT requirements involved in the life cycle of an aerospace program, which served to strengthen Engelbart's resolve to motivate the information technology arena toward global interoperability and an open hyperdocument system. Engelbart retired from McDonnell Douglas in 1986, determined to pursue their work free from commercial pressure.
Books about ARC
The complex story of the rise and fall of ARC has been documented in a book by sociologist Thierry Bardini. From the perspective of the 1960s counter-culture revolution, John Markoff, in their book What the Dormouse Said, also follows Englebart's persistence in creating ARC as not only a collection of talented off-beat engineers working in direct contrast to the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory nearby, but also as a sociological experiment that constructed and tested methods for group creation and design.
ARC was also indirectly covered in many other books about Xerox PARC, since that is where many ARC employees later fled to (and brought some of Engelbart's ideas with them). Taylor had founded the Computer Systems Laboratory at PARC in 1970.
See also
The Doug Engelbart Institute
References
Further reading
Jim Norton, Assistant Director, 1969-1977, SRI International, Augmentation Research Center, Menlo Park, CA
History of the Internet
History of human–computer interaction
Information science
SRI International
ARPANET
Tarand-e Bala (, also Romanized as Ţārand-e Bālā; also known as Ţārand-e ‘Olyā) is a village in Tarand Rural District, Jalilabad District, Pishva County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,173, in 262 families.
References
Populated places in Pishva County
Thromidia gigas is a species of starfish in the family Mithrodiidae in the order Valvatida discovered by Mortensen in 1935. It lives off the coast of eastern South Africa and southern Madagascar. This species is probably the largest echinoderm in terms of bulk, and may exceed 13 lbs.
Reference
Mithrodiidae
Lewy body dementias are two similar and common subtypes of dementia—dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) and
Parkinson's disease dementia (PDD). Both are characterized by changes in thinking, movement, behavior, and mood. The two conditions have similar features and may have similar causes, and are believed to belong on a spectrum of Lewy body disease that includes Parkinson's disease. As of 2014, they were more often misdiagnosed than any other common dementia.
The exact cause is unknown, but involves widespread deposits of abnormal clumps of protein that form in neurons of the diseased brain. Known as Lewy bodies (discovered in 1912 by Frederic Lewy) and Lewy neurites, these clumps affect both the central nervous system and the autonomic nervous system. The fifth revision of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) gives Lewy body disease as the causative subtype of dementia with Lewy bodies, and Parkinson's disease as the causative subtype of Parkinson's disease dementia. Dementia with Lewy bodies is marked by the presence of Lewy bodies primarily in the cortical regions, and Parkinson's disease dementia with Lewy bodies primarily in the subcortical basal ganglia.
Classification
The synucleinopathies (dementia with Lewy bodies, Parkinson's disease dementia, and Parkinson's disease) are characterized by shared features of parkinsonism motor symptoms, neuropsychiatric symptoms, impaired cognition, sleep disorders, and visual hallucinations. The Lewy body dementias—dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB), and Parkinson's disease dementia (PDD)—are distinguished by the timing when cognitive and motor symptoms appear. The two Lewy body dementias are often considered belonging on a spectrum of Lewy body disease that includes Parkinson's disease.
MeSH lists Lewy body disease in several categories: as a nervous system disease in two listings one as a basal ganglia Parkinsonian movement disorder and the other under brain disease as a dementia; as a neurodegenerative disorder listed as a synucleinopathy; and as a neurocognitive disorder listed with dementia.
A genetic architecture that predisposes an individual to some disease phenotypes is found in Parkinson's disease and the Lewy body dementias. The presence of Lewy bodies is a link between these disorders; the term 'diseases with Lewy bodies' therefore may be more accurate than 'Lewy body disease'.
Cause and mechanisms
Dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson's disease dementia are similar in many ways, suggesting there may be a common pathophysiological mechanism, with PDD and DLB at opposite ends of a Lewy body disease spectrum, and a shared component of protein deposits in Lewy bodies and Lewy neurites. Lewy bodies and neurites have been found to develop from the aggregation of misfolded alpha-synuclein, a protein thought to assist in neurotransmitter release and vesicle turnover; whether these misfolded proteins are responsible for the neurodegenerative effects remains unclear, and no definitive link between Lewy bodies and neurodegenerative effects has been found. DSM-5 gives Lewy body disease as the causative subtype of DLB, and Parkinson's disease as the causative subtype of PDD. DLB is marked by the presence of Lewy bodies primarily in the cortical regions, and PDD with Lewy bodies primarily in the subcortical basal ganglia.
Despite differences in the timing of the appearance of symptoms, the two dementias "show remarkably convergent neuropathological changes at autopsy". The relationship between Parkinson's disease dementia and dementia with Lewy bodies is unclear as of 2020, but there is likely to be genetic overlap, and the two conditions may represent different points on a continuum.
Diagnosis
Dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson's disease dementia have similar neuropathological features, but these features are highly variable and the conditions cannot be distinguished on pathological features alone. Generally, dementia with Lewy bodies is distinguished from Parkinson's disease dementia by the time frame in which dementia symptoms appear relative to parkinsonian symptoms and is diagnosed when cognitive symptoms begin before or at the same time as parkinsonism. Parkinson's disease dementia is the diagnosis when Parkinson's disease is already well established before the dementia occurs.
Epidemiology
Between 5% and 25% of diagnosed dementias in older adults are due to one of the Lewy body dementias. As of 2014, the Lewy body dementias affect about 1.3 million people in the US and 140,000 in the UK.
LBD usually develops after the age of 50. Men are more likely to be diagnosed than women.
Prognosis
Life expectancy of people with one of the LBD is reduced; following diagnosis it ranges on average from five to eight years.
Society and culture
Advocacy and awareness
As of 2014, the Lewy body dementias were more often misdiagnosed than any other common dementia. Most people with DLB had not heard of the condition prior to diagnosis; general awareness about LBD lags well behind that of Parkinson's and Alzheimer's diseases, even though LBD is the second most common dementia, after Alzheimer's. It is not only frustrating for families and caregivers to find that few people, including many healthcare professionals, are knowledgeable about LBD; lack of knowledge can have significant health consequences because people with LBD have severe sensitivity to antipsychotics often used to treat the symptoms. The Lewy Body Dementia Association (LBDA) and the UK Lewy Body Society promote awareness and provide support that helps society, by reducing costly use of healthcare, and families with LBD, by reducing stress. These organizations, and others in Argentina, Australia and Japan, help raise knowledge and help families with LBD become advocates to raise awareness about the disease.
Notable individuals
Robin Williams, the American actor and comedian, died on August 11, 2014. Before their suicide, they had been diagnosed with Parkinson's disease, and according to their widow, Susan Schneider Williams, they experienced depression, anxiety, and increasing paranoia. Upon autopsy, their widow said they were found to have diffuse Lewy body disease, while the autopsy used the term diffuse Lewy body dementia. The vocabulary associated with Lewy pathology causes confusion. Lewy body dementia (the umbrella term that encompasses the clinical diagnoses of dementia with Lewy bodies and Parkinson's disease dementia) differs from Lewy body disease (the term used to describe pathological findings of Lewy bodies on autopsy). Dennis Dickson, a spokesperson for the Lewy Body Dementia Association, clarified the distinction by stating that diffuse Lewy body dementia is more commonly called diffuse Lewy body disease and refers to the underlying disease process. According to Dickson, "Lewy bodies are generally limited in distribution", while in dementia with Lewy bodies, "the Lewy bodies are spread widely throughout the brain, as was the case with Robin Williams." Ian G. McKeith, professor and researcher of Lewy body dementias, commented that Williams' symptoms and autopsy findings were explained by dementia with Lewy bodies.
The British author and poet Mervyn Peake died in 1968 and was diagnosed posthumously as a probable case of DLB in a 2003 paper published in JAMA Neurology. Sahlas said their death was "variously ascribed to Alzheimer disease, Parkinson disease, or postencephalitic parkinsonism". Based on signs in their work and letters of progressive deterioration, fluctuating cognitive decline, deterioration in visuospatial function, declining attention span, and visual hallucinations and delusions, theirs may be the earliest known case where DLB was found to have been the likely cause of death.
Other entertainers and artists who have or died from LBD include Estelle Getty, the actor known for their role as Sophia on the television series The Golden Girls, Nicholas King, a US actor and horticulturist, actor Dina Merrill, Donald Featherstone, who created the plastic pink flamingo, American radio and television host Casey Kasem, Canadian singer Pierre Lalonde, graphic artist/film set designer Ron Cobb, American actor Frank Bonner, and Canadian musician and actor André Gagnon.
Individuals from industry or government who have or died from LBD are Seymour Berry, US Director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing, Los Angeles Times publisher Otis Chandler, Philip J. Rock,
a US Democratic politician of the Illinois Senate, and U.S. media mogul and philanthropist Ted Turner.
Arnold R. Hirsch, an American historian who taught at the University of New Orleans, and Jessie Isabelle Price, an American veterinary microbiologist, died from LBD.
In the sports realm, Jerry Sloan, American professional basketball player and coach, died from LBD. Major League Baseball players Tom Seaver, Andy Carey, and Bill Buckner died of LBD. Stan Mikita, Canadian ice hockey player, was diagnosed with possible LBD, but a post-mortem brain autopsy found that they had chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
In popular culture
Robin's Wish, a documentary exploring Robin Williams's Lewy body disease and how it contributed to their death, was released in September 2020.
Sleepwalk with Me is a book, one-man comedy, and film about a young man with relationship problems and RBD, a precursor to synucleinopathy, including LBD.
Notes
References
Cognitive disorders
Dementia
Epaphroditus Marsh (January 1637 – July 1719) was an Irish politician. They sat in the Irish House of Commons as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Fethard, Tipperary from 1703 to 1713,
for Armagh Borough from 1713 to 1715,
and then for Fethard again from 1715 until their death in 1719.
References
1637 births
1719 deaths
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Tipperary constituencies
Members of the Parliament of Ireland (pre-1801) for County Armagh constituencies
Irish MPs 1703–1713
Irish MPs 1713–1714
Irish MPs 1715–1727
Statistics of the Cambodian League for the 1996 season.
Overview
Body Guards Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
C-League seasons
Cambodia
Cambodia
football
Vladimir Vasil'evich Simonov (Владимир Васильевич Симонов; 17 August 1935 — 6 May 2020) was a Russian (Soviet) design engineer working in the Tula Arms Plant.
Biography
Vladimir Simonov was born in 1935 in Kovrov in the Vladimir Oblast.
In 1955 they graduated from the Podolia Industrial Technical Secondary School (Подольский индустриальный техникум) with specialty in mining equipment.
After serving in the army in 1957 they joined the Central Research Institute of Precision Engineering (Центральный научно-исследовательский институт точного машиностроения).
Without leaving productive work, in 1960 they graduated from the Moscow Radio-Mechanical Technical Secondary School (Московский радио-механический техникум) with specialty in radio technologies, and in 1964 the All-Union Correspondence Polytechnic Institute (Всесоюзный заочный политехнический институт), majoring in mechanical engineering.
During their work, they were promoted from technician-designer to lead design engineer.
Two products developed by him, the APS underwater rifle and the SPP-1 underwater pistol, have been adopted and manufactured in quantity, and one product is currently in trial operation along with the design of the research.
Awards and titles
For large national and economic importance of its development they have been awarded the title of Honored Inventor of Russia and State Prize Laureate of the Soviet Union.
References
External links
1935 births
2020 deaths
Russian military engineers
Russian inventors
Soviet engineers
20th-century Russian engineers
Soviet inventors
Akbarsho Iskandarov (born 1 August 1951) is a Tajik politician who was twice acting president of Tajikistan. They first served as acting president from October 6, 1991, to December 2, 1991, when Rahmon Nabiyev stepped down to fight Tajikistan's first presidential election. Nabiyev won the election and took over as the first popularly elected president in the country's history, but resigned in September 1992, following a coup d'état. Iskandrov again took the interim presidency and later resigned on 20 November 1992, after which the office of president was abolished and Emomali Rahmon was installed as head of state. Iskandrov also served as ambassador to Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan.
References
Presidents of Tajikistan
Heads of state of Tajikistan
Living people
1951 births
People from Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region
Leaders who took power by coup
Ambassadors of Tajikistan to Turkmenistan
Ambassadors of Tajikistan to Kazakhstan
Zephyr is the sixth studio album by English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx. Released on 7 December 2009 as an extended play (EP) internationally.
Background
The group had originally planned on recording a double album, with one album consisting of more ambient and mellow songs and the other traditional dance music tracks. However, the group decided on releasing Scars on its own, with Zephyr as its follow-up.
Felix Buxton told PopMatters: "[As] we were very keen on kind of doing a double-album. And then it's just one of those things: you feel [you're in] your progressive rock phase. It's very Spinal Tap to do a double-album, and acts [sometimes] take themselves too seriously, so we were at that point [where] we want to take ourselves seriously; and also we also always enjoy doing the soundscape stuff."
Zephyr was released on 7 December 2009 by record label XL. Initially, the album was only released as a digital download, but a physical release followed in March 2010.
The track 'Hip Hip Horay' was created for the Tate Modern as part of a series of tracks commissioned to be played alongside paintings. The track was inspired by the painting by Karel Appel, and includes cello, piano and organ by Jack Nunn.
"Walking in the Clouds" features the voice of Joe Benjamin, a 70-year-old Bermudan man that walks around Brixton with "a Stetson hat, a large stick and a kind of poncho." Buxton befriended them when they used to live there, then they invited Benjamin to the studio to record "Benjilude", an interlude from their 2003 album Kish Kash.
Reception
AllMusic called the album an "altogether more reflective affair [than Scars] that allows Buxton and Ratcliffe to showcase their unique interpretation of a chillout album", though criticising the album's short length.
Track listing
Charts
References
XL Recordings albums
2009 albums
Basement Jaxx albums
pt:Scars (álbum de Basement Jaxx)
Francisco García Figueroa (b. latter 18th century in Toluca, Mexico; d, unknown) was a Franciscan who supervised the compilation of a significant catalogue of historical documents relating to the Spanish colonial period of Latin America. They were lector emeritus of their order, prefect of studies of the college of Tlatelolco, superior of general convents, definitor, custodian, twice provincial of the province of Santo Evangelio, and visitor to the other provinces of New Spain.
Career
On 21 February 1790, a royal order was received directing that all documents shedding light on the history of New Spain should be copied and sent to Spain. The Count of Revillagigedo (viceroy from 1789 to 1794) entrusted to Father Figueroa the work of selecting, arranging, and copying these manuscripts.
In under three years, Figueroa produced thirty-two folio volumes. One copy, which was sent to Spain and examined by chronicler Muñoz, is preserved in the Academia de Historia; the other was kept in Mexico in the Secretaría del Virreinado, and is currently kept in the general archives of the Palacio Nacional. The first volume of this copy was missing, but in about 1872, a copy of it was created from the version preserved in Madrid. To the original thirty-two volumes a minute index of the contents was added, compiled years afterwards by Franciscans. Two other copies were found; one remained in Mexico, and the other was taken to the United States to the H.H. Bancroft collection.
Contents of the volumes
I. Thirty fragments from the Museo de Boturini, among them four letters from Juan María de Salvatierra.
II. Treatise on political virtues by Carlos de Sigüenza y Góngora; life and martyrdom of the children of Tlaxcala; narrative of Mexico by Father Geronimo Salmeron, Father Velez, and others.
III. Report of Father Posadas on Texas; three fragments on ancient history, Canticles of Nezahualcoyotl, etc.
IV. Narrative of Ixtlixochitl.
V-VI. Conquest of the Kingdom of Nueva Galicia by Matías de la Mota Padilla.
VII-VIII. Introduction to the history of Michoacán.
IX-X-XI. Chronicle of Michoacán by Fray Pablo Beaumont.
XII. Mexican Chronicle by Fernando Alvarado Tezozómoc.
XIII. History of the Chichimecas by Ixtlilxochitl.
XIV. Reminiscences of Mexico City. Reminiscences for the history of Sinaloa.
XVI-XVII. Notes for the history of Sonora.
XVIII. Letters to elucidate the history of Sonora and Sinaloa.
XIX-XX. Documents for the history of Nueva Vizcaya (Durango).
XXI. Establishment and progress of the Missions of Old California.
XXII-XXIII. Notes on New California.
XXIV. Log-book kept by the Fathers Garcés, Barbastro, Font, and Capellio; voyage of the frigate Santiago; "Diario" of Urrea and of D.J.B. Anza, etc.
XXV-XXVI. Documents for the ecclesiastical and civil history of New Mexico.
XXVII-XXVIII. Documents for the civil and ecclesiastical history of Spanish Texas.
XXIX. Documents for the history of Coahuila and Central Mexico (Seno Mexicano).
XXX. Tampico, Río Verde, and Nuevo León.
XXXI. Notes on the cities of Veracruz, Cordova, Oaxaca, Puebla, Tepotzotlán, Querétaro, Guanajuato, Guadalajara, Zacatecas, Nootka.
XXXII. Reminiscences of Mexican Native Americans.
References
Mexican Franciscans
Year of birth unknown
Year of death unknown
St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States.
Founded in 1899. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport.
History
In 1899 Bishop of Hartford Michael Tierney, assigned Rev. Joseph Sulkowski to the newly formed Polish parish, consisting of approximately 1,000 Polish immigrants in Bridgeport's multi-ethnic East Side. The parish was organized in December 1899 and soon after an old Roman Catholic church on Crescent Avenue was purchased. What was once known as St. Mary's became the new St. Michael's. In 1890, Bishop Tierney transferred Father Sulkowski and assigned Rev. Witold Becker as pastor. Parishioners were disturbed about the transfer of their well-liked Polish priest and some reportedly left the church when Father Becker assumed their pastoral duties. Over time, Father Becker managed to establish a Sunday school and church societies, and brought back some who had left the parish.
Father Becker died in 1906 and the parish was placed under the Conventual Franciscans of the Polish-American Province of St. Anthony and the Franciscans became responsible for finding new priests appropriate for the Polish American parish. Rev. Leon Wierzynski ministered to the parish from August to December 1906, when Rev. Felix Baran arrived to take over the parish. The parish members upset at once again losing a well-liked Polish priest demonstrated and even physically blocked the transfer. Police were called in to disperse the protesters and the church was locked to keep them out. Some of the dissatisfied parishioners left St. Michael's permanently, forming St. Joseph's Polish Parish under the Polish National Catholic Church in early 1907.
Buildings
In 1907, the present St. Michael the Archangel Roman Catholic Church was built on what is now known today as Pulaski Street. The architect for the church was George P. B. Alderman of Holyoke, Massachusetts who also designed Sacred Heart Church, New Britain, CT.
In 1989, the church was closed for a period of time when Bishop Edward M. Egan called on police to evict dissident parishioners who had occupied the church for a week. About 200 parishioners had been protesting the transfer of a popular priest, Rev. Roman Palaszewski, brought from Poland three years earlier.
See also
Archangel Michael in Christian art
Catholic Church in the United States
Catholic parish church
Index of Catholic Church articles
References
Bibliography
The Official Catholic Directory in USA
CT Bridgeport - St Michael the Archangel- 1899-1974 - PPHC127 (University of Notre Dame, Indiana)
External links
St. Michael the Archangel - Diocesan information
St. Michael the Archangel - ParishesOnline.com
Diocese of Bridgeport
History of Bridgeport, Connecticut
Roman Catholic churches in Bridgeport, Connecticut
Roman Catholic parishes of Diocese of Bridgeport
Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in Connecticut
Religious organizations established in 1899
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1907
Roman Catholic Diocese of Bridgeport
1899 establishments in Connecticut
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in the United States
The U.S. Post Office and Courthouse in Lander, Wyoming was built in 1907 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Lander was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century. Lander's post office is unique among the group because it incorporates court facilities.
The building is now used as offices for a rehabilitation and disabilities advocacy group.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Federal District Courthouse, District of Wyoiming at Courthouses of the West
Buildings and structures in Fremont County, Wyoming
Courthouses on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
Federal courthouses in the United States
Government buildings completed in 1907
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Fremont County, Wyoming
Lander, Wyoming
Kit Watkins (born 1953) is an American progressive-ambient-jazz recording artist based in Brattleboro, Vermont. They were previously a member of the band Happy the Man.
Beginnings
Born in Virginia to classical piano teachers, Watkins took piano lessons from the age of 5 to 13. As a teenager they began to play keyboards in various amateur bands, first playing Top 40 material, then moving to progressive rock covers by bands such as Yes and ELP. While a student at James Madison University, they met guitarist Stanley Whitaker, who introduced them to Gentle Giant, Genesis and Van der Graaf Generator. They joined Whitaker's fledgling band Happy the Man in 1973.
Happy The Man (1973-79)
The band moved to the Washington, DC area in the summer of 1975 and developed a devoted following as a result of airplay on WGTB-FM (the Georgetown University radio station which no longer broadcasts) as well as live performances sponsored by the station, headlining the Pandemedia event of that year. The band was a regular act at The Cellar Door in Georgetown, DC, and signed to the venue's management office. In 1976, they signed with Clive Davis' Arista Records, which released two albums, Happy The Man (1977) and Crafty Hands (1978). Both albums were produced by Ken Scott, engineer from The Beatles' White Album sessions, who also engineered and produced albums by David Bowie, Supertramp, Mahavishnu Orchestra, and the Dixie Dregs. Watkins worked closely with Scott as the band's representative in recording and mixing both Happy The Man albums. But before Crafty Hands was finished being recorded, Clive had a change of heart and dropped the band from their label.
In 1979, HTM performed locally to an ever growing audience. They struggled to find another label to pick them up. In the Spring of 1979, HTM disbanded only months after having recorded a demo tape of their 3rd album.
In 1983, Kit released the band's demo and called it, 3rd, Better late.. on their Azimuth Record Label.
Performances
Kit and Brad Allen performed only one show in support of Frames Of Mind, at a club called DC Space, on Jan 21 1982. During which concert, Brad broke a guitar string and took time out to repair it. During this break, someone called out a request, "Play Untitled!" Untitled, was an outtake from the Labyrinth album and was often performed live at Kit and Coco shows. Kit honored the request. Untitled was later released on Kit's Holographic Tapestries CD.
Camel and early solo years
In June 1979, Watkins traveled to England to join Camel, and the band recorded a new album, I Can See Your House From Here for Decca Records, with Rupert Hine as producer.
During 1980, Watkins launched a solo career and recorded their first solo album, Labyrinth, (with Coco Roussel on drums) on Kit's own indie Label Azimuth. In a review of the album, critic George Varga described Watkins as "a composer and synthesizer wizard of almost unequaled talents." The LP was largely in the same vein as Happy The Man, including a couple of compositions written for Happy The Man's third album. "Kit & Coco" played duo concerts sparsely in the fall and winter of 1980 and 1981 - in between Kit's tours with Camel. The duo performed with backing tape accompaniment, often ending their set with an unaccompanied improvisation. A historic video tape of Kit & Coco's December 1, 1981 performance at DC's 9:30 Club was made but has never been released.
Watkins' next effort, Frames of Mind, with Brad Allen on guitars and vocals, appeared in 1982. The album was a fun and quirky mix of new wave pop and hybrid world music, recorded at Watkins' home studio in Arlington, Virginia and released on their label, Azimuth Records.
In 1983, Kit released Happy The Man's 3rd LP, "Better late.." on their Azimuth Record Label.
Later solo years
In 1987, Watkins relocated to Linden, Virginia in the rural Blue Ridge Mountains where they recorded and released several albums over the next 10 years, including Azure (1988), SunStruck (1990), and wet, dark, and low (1992) for the Minneapolis-based East Side Digital (ESD) label, and Thought Tones (1990), A Different View (1991), Kinetic Vapors (1993), Holographic Tapestries (1995), and Beauty Drifting (1996) for their Linden Music label. Linden also released a number of albums by other notable electronic/ambient artists, including David Borden, Robert Rich, and Jeff Greinke.
Linden Music closed its doors in 1997 due to distribution problems, but Watkins has continued releasing their work on CD, first via MP3.com and currently via Cafepress. In 2000, they signed a contract with One Way Records for the release of four of their albums (Labyrinth, SunStruck, wet, dark, and low, and Holographic Tapestries) which continue to be distributed nationally.
Recent albums include The Unseen (2000), Rolling Curve (2000), The Gathering (2001 - a live recording of a rare live performance given in Philadelphia that year), music for the end (2001), This Time and Space (2003), unraveled (2003), Flying Petals (2004), and World Fiction (2005). Critic Ernie Rideout, in reviewing Flying Petals, wrote that it "is as intriguing for the depth of compositional talent as it is for beautiful sound design and monster grooves."
Watkins has released two DVDs: a hypnotic visual work based on their album This Time and Space (2004); and The Gathering (2005), a live performance, videotaped by their longtime friend and Azimuth Records partner Sally Heldrich.
In 2008, Watkins began an association with the Earth Mantra ambient netlabel which has released many of their albums for free under a Creative Commons license.
Discography
Solo
Labyrinth (1980)
Frames of Mind (1983)
In Time (1985, with Coco Roussel)
Azure (1989)
SunStruck (1990)
Thought Tones Volume 1 (1990)
A Different View (1991)
wet, dark, and low (1992)
Thought Tones Volume 2 (1992)
Kinetic Vapors (1993)
Circle (1993)
Holographic Tapestries (1995)
Beauty Drifting (1996)
Rolling Curve (2000)
The Unseen (2000)
The Gathering (2001)
music for the end (2001)
This Time and Space (2003)
unraveled (2003)
Flying Petals (2004)
World Fiction (2005)
SkyZone (2006)
The Works (2007) (27 albums plus 12 bonus tracks : all in MP3 format on one DVD-DATA disc)
Mockingbird Mantras (2015)
Land (2015)
Field of View (2019)
Happy the Man
Happy the Man (1977)
Crafty Hands (1978)
Live (1978)
3rd, Better Late... (1983)
Camel
I Can See Your House From Here (1979)
References
External links
The Official Website of Kit Watkins
Tone Ghost Ether
Kit Watkins on Earth Mantra netlabel
1953 births
American rock musicians
Living people
People from Brattleboro, Vermont
Camel (band) members
People from Linden, Virginia
Ir is an independent Latvian weekly newspaper. It was cofounded in 2010 by the former staff of Diena, after the ownership structure behind that newspaper became unverifiable.
As of 2020, it had a circulation of 15000 copies. It claims to reach a total audience of over 70000 people.
History
"Ir" was founded to continue the tradition of independent journalism at Diena. Immediately after the restoration of Latvian independence, Diena was called in the New York Times "the most adamantly independent major new daily among the nations of post-Soviet Europe". It was the leading independent daily in Latvia until its sale by the Swedish Bonnier Group, to unknown owners, during the late 2000s economic downturn in Latvia. This was a clear threat to independent journalism. It caused journalists and editorial staff to leave and found "Ir" as a new independent initiative.
Editor-in-chief
Ir's editor-in-chief is Nellija Ločmele, a former Diena journalist.
Ethics, ownership and structure
In order to guarantee journalistic independence, AS „Cits medijs”, the legal owner behind Ir, is governed by strict rules regarding shareholding and ethics. No more than 25% of the newspaper can belong to one party.
AS „Cits medijs” is partly owned by the journalists themselves. Other notable shareholders include Ints Siliņš, former US ambassador to Latvia. Cofounder and president of the board is Pauls Raudseps, a Latvian-American who co-founded Diena in 1990.
Further information about the company AS „Cits medijs” can be found using its EU company registration number.
Respect and relevance
Some examples demonstrating Ir's relevance:
NPR referred to Ir's then economics editor Pauls Raudseps for an article about Latvia adopting the euro.
Ir's Pauls Raudseps was a speaker at TEDx Riga, among speakers including Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga, former president of Latvia.
Ir gets quoted covering a corruption scandal in a Xinhua News Agency article.
References
External links
Website
Mass media in Latvia
Simon Greenberg, (1901 – July 26, 1993) was a Russian born American Conservative rabbi and scholar. Greenberg was part of the senior management of many Jewish organizations in America. They helped to found a number of institutions, including the American Jewish University, of which they were the first President. At the time of their death they were vice chancellor emeritus of the Jewish Theological Seminary of America. Greenberg has been called "one of the most important leaders of the Conservative movement".
Life
Greenberg was born in Horoshen, Russia. At the age of 4 they moved to the United States with their family.
In 1922 Greenberg graduated from City College of New York having previously attended the University of Minnesota. They then began studying at the Jewish Theological Seminary of America where they were ordained rabbi in 1925. Throughout their career, Greenberg was committed to both the academic and sacred spheres, often undertaking overlapping tasks. Thus 1925 marked Greenberg's ordination, their enrollment at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem as part of its first class of students and their appointment as rabbi of the Har Zion Temple in Philadelphia, a position they would hold until 1946. Their responsibilities in Philadelphia included acting as an advisor to Jewish students at the nearby University of Pennsylvania and Temple University. In their final year in Philadelphia they helped to co-found the Akiba Hebrew Academy.
In 1932, Greenberg was awarded their PhD from Dropsie College. They went on to join the faculty of the Jewish Theological Seminary the same year. In 1950 they became executive director of the United Synagogue of America. The same year at the organization's biennial conference they were instrumental in persuading fellow attendees to call for the repeal of the McCarran Internal Security Act. Greenberg spoke against the Act, calling it a threat to civil liberties. Greenberg stepped down from their role as executive director in 1953.
In 1948, Greenberg was named acting president of Jewish Theological Seminary. In 1957 Greenberg became vice chancellor of the Jewish Theological Seminary, a post they held until 1986. Thereafter they were vice chancellor emeritus. Shortly after becoming vice chancellor, in 1958, Greenberg co-founded the University of Judaism (now the American Jewish University) in Los Angeles. They were the institute's first President, stepping down from the role in 1963, the year they became chairperson of the executive committee of the Jewish Agency and the World Zionist Organization of America. They stepped down from that role in 1968.
Personal life
Greenberg and their wife Betty were married for 67 years. They had two sons, Moshe Greenberg, a biblical scholar, and Daniel Greenberg. The couple had moved to Jerusalem from Manhattan approximately a year before Simon's death. Their wife pre-deceased them by 4 months.
Legacy
Greenberg has been called "one of the most important leaders of the Conservative movement". Every year the Jewish Theological Seminary present the Rabbi Simon Greenberg Award "for outstanding devotion to klal Yisrael (the entire Jewish community) and to all humanity and for unswerving loyalty to JTS."
Selected publications
"Living as a Jew Today" (Behrman, 1940),
"Foundations of a Faith" (Burning Bush Press, 1967),
"The Ethical in the Jewish and American Heritage" (Jewish Theological Seminary, 1977)
"A Jewish Philosophy and Pattern of Life" (Jewish Theological Seminary, 1981).
They edited "The Ordination of Women as Rabbis," a collection of articles, in 1988.
References
External links
Archives of their life
History of the American Jewish University Founder: Simon Greenberg
1901 births
1993 deaths
Jewish Theological Seminary of America people
American Jewish University faculty
University of Minnesota alumni
Dropsie College alumni
Hebrew University of Jerusalem alumni
University of Pennsylvania people
American Conservative rabbis
20th-century American rabbis
Ventana (Spanish for "window") can refer to:
Club Hotel de la Ventana, a hotel resort opened in 1911 in Argentina
Sierra de La Ventana, a small town in Tornquist Partido in Argentina
Ventana Cave, a National Historic Landmark in Arizona, U.S.
Ventana Double Cone, a twin mountaintop in the Ventana Wilderness
Ventana Wilderness, an area in the Santa Lucia Mountains in California
Ventana Wildlife Society, a non- profit environmental organization in California
La Ventana, a town in Baja California Sur, Mexico
La Ventana (yearbook), the yearbook of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas, U.S.
a fictional nuclear power plant in the 1979 movie The China Syndrome
Sat Bir Singh Khalsa is a researcher in the field of body mind medicine, specializing in yoga therapy. Originally from Toronto, they earned their Ph.D. at the University of Toronto, where they also began their practice of Kundalini Yoga under the tutelage of Yogi Bhajan.  They are (since 2006) an Assistant Professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School and an Associate Neuroscientist (since 1998) in the Division of Sleep and Circadian Disorders, at the Departments of Medicine and Neurology, Brigham and Women's Hospital, in Boston Massachusetts. Since 2007, Sat Bir Singh Khalsa has served as the Director of Research at both the Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health in Massachusetts and the Kundalini Research Institute in New Mexico.
Research Studies
Sat Bir Singh Khalsa has participated in numerous mind-body studies. Their work has been published in more than thirty papers. Their most widely cited work explores human sleep cycles.
Several of their other papers explore the application of yoga as therapy for insomnia, performance anxiety, mental health in a secondary school setting, drug addiction, depression, and as a predictor of low body mass and low medication usage.
Media and Public Speaking
Sat Bir Singh Khalsa is often hired to speak about their research world wide, to share their research findings with the general public, government and NGOs, schools, universities and corporations alike.
In 2013 they led an online panel discussion about the effect of yoga on health. In another example, they were positioned to share their expertise in an online radio show type conversation format with another notable yoga expert Dashama Konah Gordon
In 2017, Sat Bir Singh Khalsa was flown to Coventry, UK for a preparatory discussion about yoga and corporate research with Dr Haley Beer, a research professor at Warwick University and Dashama Konah Gordon the founder of Pranashama Yoga Institute. Sat Bir was invited to offer their consulting expertise from their background in medical research at Harvard to develop a yoga research project to demonstrate through qualitative research how yoga and mediation can help people in corporate settings access the Flow State to attain greater well being, creativity and productivity.
General Publications
Sat Bir Singh Khalsa. (2009). "Kundalini Yoga as Therapy: A Research Perspective," chapter in Kundalini Rising: Exploring the Awakening of Kundalini. Boulder Colorado, Sounds True, Inc.
Sat Bir Singh Khalsa with Jodie Gould (2012). Your Brain on Yoga. Rosetta Books.
Sources
https://sleep.med.harvard.edu/people/faculty/240/sat+bir+singh+khalsa+phd
http://www.kripalu.org/presenter/V0005180/sat_bir_s_khalsa
https://web.archive.org/web/20140408112835/http://www.kundaliniresearchinstitute.org/meet%20the%20staff.htm
Links to Research Articles
External links
Brigham and Women's Hospital
International Association of Yoga Therapists
Kripalu Center for Yoga and Health
Kundalini Research Institute
1951 births
American Sikhs
Converts to Sikhism
Living people
Sleep researchers
University of Toronto alumni
American yoga teachers
Veganism
Canadian Sikhs
American people of Canadian descent
"Family Feud" is a song by American rapper Jay-Z featuring American singer Beyoncé. It is taken from Jay-Z's thirteenth studio album 4:44 (2017) and was produced by No I.D. The song was released to British contemporary hit radio on January 26, 2018, as the album's third single.
Background and composition
A sample of "Ha Ya" by The Clark Sisters is used in the song and also interpolated by Beyoncé. Lyrically, Jay-Z criticizes old and new school rappers unfairly insulting each other's styles and feuding, while also noting how their previous affair became a liability to them ("Yeah, I'll fuck up a good thing if you let me / Let me alone, Becky").
Shortly after the song was released, American rapper Young Thug thanked Jay-Z on Instagram for encouraging old school rappers to respect the newer ones.
Music video
The official music video was released on December 29, 2017. It was directed by Ava DuVernay. It begins in the year 2444, when a fight over sovereignty results in a murder. After that, the video shifts back in time through different eras. The story of a family's rise to power in the video is revealed to have begun in 2050 with a constitutional convention of the Founding Mothers led by a grown-up Blue Ivy. The video flashes back to 2018 at a church, and the song begins. In the present year, young Blue Ivy watches their parents Jay-Z and Beyoncé perform in confessional booths pulpits.
The following actors appear in the video: Michael B. Jordan, Thandiwe Newton, Trevante Rhodes, Irene Bedard, Omari Hardwick, Jessica Chastain, David Oyelowo, Emayatzy Corinealdi, America Ferrera, Aisha Hinds, Storm Reid, Henry G. Sanders, Susan Kelechi Watson (who plays an adult Blue Ivy), Brie Larson, Constance Wu, Niecy Nash, Rosario Dawson, Janet Mock, Mindy Kaling and Rashida Jones.
Charts
References
2017 songs
2018 singles
Jay-Z songs
Beyoncé songs
Roc Nation singles
Song recordings produced by No I.D.
Songs about hip hop
Songs written by Jay-Z
Songs written by Beyoncé
Songs written by No I.D.
Charles or Charlie Brown may refer to:
People
Arts and entertainment
Music
Charlie Brown (singer) (born 1986), British singer
Charlie Brown (born 1970), American rapper and member of Leaders of the New School
Charles Brown (musician) (1922–1999), American blues singer
Other arts and entertainment
Charlie Brown (DJ), American radio DJ
Charles Brockden Brown (1771–1810), American novelist
Charles D. Brown (1887–1948), American stage and film actor
Charles Brown (actor) (1946–2004), American actor with Negro Ensemble Company
Charles Hopel Brown (born 1964), Jamaican writer
Military
Charlie Brown of the Charlie Brown and Franz Stigler incident (1922–2008), American World War II pilot
Charles Brown (Royal Navy officer) (c. 1678–1753), Royal Navy officer
Charles Brown (Medal of Honor, 1864) (1841–1919), American Civil War Medal of Honor recipient
Charles Brown (Medal of Honor, 1872) (1849–?), American 1871 Korean Expedition Marine and Medal of Honor recipient
Charles Henry Brown (1872–1917), New Zealand Army officer who served during World War I
Charles R. Brown (1899–1983), United States Navy four-star admiral
Charles Q. Brown Jr. (born 1962), Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force
Sir Charles Richmond Brown, 4th Baronet, British soldier
Politics
United States
Charlie Brown (Georgia politician) (1903–1995), Atlanta politician for whom the airport Charlie Brown Field is named
Charlie Brown (Indiana politician) (born 1938), Indiana State Representative
Charlie Brown (West Virginia politician) (born 1950), West Virginia attorney general
Charles Brown (member of congress) (1797–1883), U.S. Representative from Pennsylvania
Charles Brown (mayor) (1873–1943), mayor of Murray, Utah, 1906–1909
Charles Brown (Wisconsin politician) (born 1828), Wisconsin state assemblyman
Charles Elwood Brown (1834–1904), U.S. Representative from Ohio
Charles Harrison Brown (1920–2003), U.S. Representative from Missouri
Charles Henry Brown (politician) (1904–1959), Vermont lawyer and politician
Other countries
Charles Brown (Australian politician) (1895–1970), Australian politician from Queensland
Charles Brown (Labour politician) (1884–1940), British Labour Party Member of Parliament for Mansfield, 1929–1940
Charles Brown (New Zealand politician) (1820–1901), from Taranaki
Charles Hunter Brown (1825–1898), New Zealand politician from Canterbury
Religion
Charles Arthur Brown (1919–1997), American Auxiliary Bishop of Santa Cruz, Bolivia
Charles E. Brown Jr. (1911–1996), Chief of Chaplains of the U.S. Army
Charles John Brown (born 1959), American Catholic Archbishop and Apostolic Nuncio to the Philippines
Charles John Brown (moderator) (1806–1884), Scottish minister
Charles Oliver Brown (1848–1941), Congregational Minister and bugler in the American Civil War
Charles Reynolds Brown (1862–1950), American Congregational clergyman and educator
Charles Rufus Brown (1849–1914), American Baptist clergyman and Semitic scholar
Sports
American football
Charlie Brown (defensive back) (born 1942), National Football League and Canadian Football League player
Charlie Brown (running back) (born 1945), National Football League player
Charlie Brown (wide receiver, born 1948) (born 1948), National Football League player
Charlie Brown (wide receiver, born 1958) (born 1958), National Football League player
Charles Brown (offensive lineman) (born 1987), American football player
Charles Edwin Brown (born 1936), American football offensive lineman
Charles H. Brown (American football) (1886–1963), American college football player and coach, judge
Association football
Charlie Brown (Australian footballer) (1896–1956), Australian rules footballer for Collingwood
Charlie Brown (footballer, born 1873) (1873–1941), Australian rules footballer for Carlton
Charlie Brown (footballer, born 1898) (1898–1979), English footballer with Southampton and Queens Park Rangers
Charlie Brown (footballer, born 1999) (born 1999), English footballer with Milton Keynes Dons
Charlie Brown (Scottish footballer) (1924–2019), Scottish footballer who played for Queen of the South
Other sports
Charlie Brown (baseball) (1871–1938), American baseball player
Charlie Brown Jr. (basketball) (born 1997), American professional basketball player
Charlie Brown (basketball, born 1936), American college basketball player
Charles Brown (boxer) (born 1939), American Olympic bronze medalist
Charlie Brown (boxer) (born 1958), American boxer
Charles Brown (cricketer, born 1815) (1815–1875), English cricketer
Charles Brown (cricketer, born 1854) (1854–1917), Australian-born English cricketer
Charles Brown (ice hockey) (born 1947), American ice hockey player
Charles Brown (roque player) (1867–1937), American Olympic bronze medalist
Charles Brown (rugby union, born 1887) (1887–1966), New Zealand rugby union player
Charlie Brown (rugby union, born 1878) (1878–1944), South African international rugby union player
Charles Brown (water polo), New Zealand water polo player
Science and engineering
Charles Brown (British engineer) (1827–1905), British engineer
Charles Barrington Brown (1839–1917), British-Canadian geologist and explorer
Charles D. Brown II, American physicist
Charles Eugene Lancelot Brown (1863–1924), Swiss engineer and founder of railway companies
Other people
Charles Armitage Brown (1787–1842), British business person, friend of poet John Keats
Charles E. Brown (photographer) (1896–1982), British commercial aviation photographer
Charles F. Brown (1844–1929), American lawyer and judge
Charles H. Brown (New York judge) (1858–1933), American lawyer and judge
Charles Harvey Brown (1875–1960), American librarian
Charles N. Brown (1937–2009), American publisher, founder of magazine Locus
Charles Philip Brown (1798–1884), British official of the East India Company
Charles Stuart Brown (1918–1997), Wyoming Supreme Court judge
Songs
"Charlie Brown" (The Coasters song), a 1959 hit song written by Leiber and Stoller
"Charlie Brown", a 1974 song by Benito di Paula
"Charlie Brown" (Coldplay song), a 2011 song from Coldplay's album Mylo Xyloto
"Charlie Brown", a 2020 song from the album Fake It Flowers by Beabadoobee
Other uses
Charlie Brown, Peanuts comic strip character
You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown, the musical comedy based on the Peanuts comic strip
Charlie Brown Jr., a Brazilian rock band (1993–2013)
Charles E. Brown Middle School, Newton, Massachusetts, United States
See also
Chuck Brown (disambiguation)
Charlie Brown's (disambiguation)
Charles Browne (disambiguation)
Carlos Brown (disambiguation)
Charles Wreford-Brown (1866–1951), British footballer
The Hay Shire is a local government area in the Riverina area of south-western New South Wales, Australia. The Shire comprises and is located adjacent to the Sturt, Mid-western and Cobb Highways. The area includes the towns of Hay, Booligal and Maude.
Hay Shire was established in 1965 by the amalgamation of the Municipality of Hay with the surrounding Waradgery Shire.
The mayor of Hay Shire is Cr. Bill Sheaffe, an unaligned politician.
Demographics
Council
Current composition and election method
Hay Shire Council is composed of eight councillors elected proportionally as a single ward. All councillors are elected for a fixed four-year term of office. The mayor is elected by the councillors at the first meeting of the council. The most recent election was held on 10 September 2016, and the makeup of the council is as follows:
The current Council, elected in 2016, in order of election, is:
Literary reference
Banjo Paterson (1864–1941) wrote a poem called Hay and Hell and Booligal about the district.
References
Local government areas of the Riverina
Local government areas of New South Wales
1965 establishments in Australia
The Faradair Aerospace BEHA is a sustainable hybrid-electric aircraft design currently under development in the UK.
Development
The BEHA is a hybrid-electric utility aircraft currently under development at Duxford Airfield in Cambridgeshire, UK and the University of Swansea in Wales. BEHA is an acronym for Bio-Electric-Hybrid-Aircraft. The aircraft has evolved from early concept launched in 2014 to an 18 seat FAA part 23 regulation aircraft design that is to be powered by twin Magni500 electric motors developed by MagniX in a contra-rotating pusher propfans ducted fan configuration. The electric motors are to be powered by a Honeywell Turbogenerator running either Sustainable Aviation Fuel or JetA.
The aircraft has a Triple Box-wing configuration in all carbon composite construction and is also now supported by Nova Systems in the prototype development, Cambridge Consultants in the hybrid powertrain development.
In July 2020, Faradair announced a move to Duxford Airfield in Cambridgeshire from its original Cirencester base, to form part of the new Duxford Avtech aerospace development programme. A new prototyping hangar is to be built at the historic airfield with the company announcing partnership with Imperial War Museum Duxford and Gonville & Caius College as part of the relocation.
The company plans to have a prototype completed by 2024 and begin operational trials by 2026.
Specifications (BEHA-MH1)
References
External links
Triplanes
Closed wing aircraft
Prolok was a copy protection system developed by W. Krag Brotby and Vault Corporation in 1982. Prolok was involved in the copyright law case Vault Corp. v. Quaid Software Ltd. which allowed software to be used in certain situations that the copyright holder did not originally intend.
Prolok was developed for Apple II, CP/M, CP/M-86, MS-DOS, Microsoft Windows and OS/2. US Patent 4,785,361
References
Copy protection
1982 software
Dhana 51 is a 2005 Indian Telugu-language romantic action film directed by R. Soorya Kiran and starring Sumanth and Saloni Aswani with Mukesh Khanna in a negative role. This film inspired the storyline of the Kannada film Bindaas (2008).
Cast
Sumanth as Dhananjay a.k.a. Dhana
Saloni Aswani as Lakshmi
Mukesh Khanna as Mahesh Chandra
Tanikella Bharani
Dharmavarapu Subramanyam as Dhana's father
Rajakumar
Mallikarjuna Rao
Kanta Rao
Ali
Delhi Rajeswari
Radha Kumar
Gautam Raju
Gundu Hanumantha Rao
R. Soorya Kiran (guest appearance)
Kalyani (guest appearance)
Production
After the success of Satyam, R. Soorya Kiran, Sumanth and Chakri reunited for this film. The title was changed from 51 to Dhana 51 because Sumanth's previous films named after the hero's character (Satyam and Gowri) were box office successes. This film marks the Telugu debut of Mumbai-based Saloni Aswani and Shaktimaan-fame Mukesh Khanna.
Soundtrack
Music by Chakri.
"Aravirisina Mogga" – Chakri
"Avunanave Avunani" - P. Unnikrishnan
"China Goda" – Kousalya, Shankar Mahadevan
"Dhana 51" – Soorya Kiran, Vasu, Vishwa, Lahari
"I Am In Love" – Anitha
"Kovaa Kovaa" – Balaji, Gowri Srinivas, Matin, Pallavi, Ravi Varma, Soorya Kiran, Vasu, Kameshwari
Release and reception
The film released on 14 January 2005 coinciding with Sankranthi.
Jeevi of Idlebrain.com gave the film a rating of 2.5 out of 5 and opined that "Dhana 51 suffers with inadequate screenplay, uneven narration and confused characterization. Dhana 51 is most unexpected from a director who made their debut with Satyam film". Ravi Kalaga of Full Hyderabad wrote that "A remake in the essence, albeit with changes in the locations, songs, sidekicks and vocations of the actors, Dhana is essentially a cut-copy-paste version of their earlier enterprise [Satyam], with new fonts and colors (literally!)".
References
Villains and Vigilantes (abbreviated as V&V) is a superhero-themed role-playing game which competed primarily with Champions and Superworld in the early to mid-1980s.
Origin
Villains and Vigilantes was the first role-playing game designed by Jack Herman and Jeff Dee and featured illustrations by Dee. Fantasy Games Unlimited published the first edition of Villains and Vigilantes in 1979. The second edition of Villains and Vigilantes was published in 1982 with significant rule revisions. In 2010, Monkey House Games published a new edition of the game, although a lawsuit filed in U.S. Federal court, Arizona District, (Case no. 2:2011-cv-02036) asserted that Monkey House Games had no legal right to do so. That lawsuit has since been resolved and a settlement agreed upon with both parties producing their own material.
Mechanics
Character creation in Villains and Vigilantes reflects the unique nature of the rules. Instead of playing a completely fictional character, players are encouraged to start the process with a version of themselves (presumably as the superhero's "secret identity.") V&V then uses random die rolls for the origins of superpowers (i.e., mutant, space alien, etc.) number and type, sometimes resulting in odd combinations. A further quirk of the system is that while players advance in levels and hit points, superpowers do not, lending a different feel to characters at low, middle, and high power levels. Character stats in the first edition of the game are strength, endurance, agility, intelligence, and charisma.
Another feature of the system is its approach to combat: a table outlines the effectiveness of the attacker's superpower (for example, an energy blast) against the defender's powers, reflecting the interplay of attack and defense powers.
Publication history
The first edition was created by Jeff Dee and Jack Herman and published by Fantasy Games Unlimited in 1979. This book was followed by an adventure published in 1981, "Break In at Three Kilometer Island", and a pair of adventures in 1982 designed specifically to be playable with the original ruleset, but to begin to introduce players to the revised second edition which was published later the same year. These two adventures were authored by Bill Willingham, the creator of the Fables comic book series. Willingham's adventures also used characters that would later appear in their Comico comic book series, Elementals.
The second edition of Villains & Vigilantes, created by the same authors and also published by Fantasy Games Unlimited, was released in 1982 in two formats, both as a single rulebook and in a boxed set that contained the revised rulebook, GM's screen, dice and character sheets. These were followed by a line of adventure module and rule supplements published through the '80s until the final supplement published in 1987, "For the Greater Good".
In 2004, Fantasy Games Unlimited began republishing the original V&V rules and supplements as a series of electronic supplements via the DriveThruRPG online store, continuing to add supplements until nearly the entire back catalog is now available.
In 2010, the creators of the game released a new revised version, version 2.1, published through Monkey House Games. This has caused ongoing legal disputes. That same year, Fantasy Games Unlimited began releasing new supplements for 2nd Edition Villains and Vigilantes, for the first time since 1987, while Monkey House Games continued to release supplements of its own. Both companies continue to sell their products. On April 20, 2016 a resolution has been agreed upon.
Adventures
Crisis at Crusader Citadel is an introductory adventure published in 1982 by Fantasy Games Unlimited and written and illustrated by Dee and Herman. The scenario begins with the players controlling neophyte superheroes, based on themselves, who are looking to apply for membership in the established super-hero team called the Crusaders. During the adventure, the player-heroes have to stop a crime wave being carried out by the Crusaders' opposite numbers, a villain team called the Crushers.
Four years after the adventure booklet was published, the setting of the first adventure was used as the basis of a villain and Vigilantes comic book mini-series by Dee and Herman published by Eclipse Comics. Each issue included character sheets for new heroes and villains and updated material for the existing ones for use with the game.
Two early adventures for the game by Bill Willingham, Death Duel with the Destroyers and The Island of Dr. Apocalypse, used characters that would later appear in their Comico comic book series, Elementals. Similarly, a villain and Vigilantes character, The Dark, later appeared in a series of comic books by the independent publisher Continüm Comics.
Reception
Greg Costikyan reviewed Villains & Vigilantes in Ares Magazine #1, rating it a 6 out of 9. Costikyan commented that "Villains & Vigilantes is an imaginative, enjoyable game. Its major problem is 'creeping D&Dism;' most of the game-systems are directly derived from D&D, and are out of place in a superhero rpg. Also, the short rules do not really provide enough background material and world-design advice for a full-scale role-playing game."
Marc Weidenbaum reviewed Villains and Vigilantes in The Space Gamer No. 29. Weidenbaum commented that "Villains and Vigilantes is a good, firm, introductory role-playing game with easy-to-learn rules. If you are a game master from another 'world' you can, with little difficulty, adapt these rules to fit almost any other role-playing game."
William A. Barton reviewed the revised Villains and Vigilantes in The Space Gamer No. 62. Barton commented that "if you're really into superhero adventure, I'd recommend giving revised Villains and Vigilantes a try. If you decide you still like Champions or Superworld better, well, you can always use V&V to help you decide what powers to purchase in another system when your superintelligence is on patrol near Arcturus IV."
Reviews
Different Worlds #32 (Jan./Feb., 1984)
Pegasus #11 (Dec. 1982)
2011 legal dispute
The game's creators were involved in a legal dispute with Fantasy Games Unlimited since 2011. They claimed that Fantasy Games Unlimited, Inc. ceased to exist in 1991, and that their contract specified that in such an event the contracted publication rights would revert to them, and that therefore the current Fantasy Games Unlimited (which they claim is a separate legal entity, although with the same owner) had no right to sell V&V material. A court case filed in U.S. Federal court, Arizona district (REFERENCE: case no. 2:2011-cv-02036) supported the claim by Fantasy Games Unlimited that the owner properly followed procedure to continue with the obligations of the New York business entity in continued operations as the Arizona entity. The case also asserted that at the time of its dissolution in New York, FGU was current on all obligations with that state and in good standing which then devolved into the entity now operating simply as Fantasy Games Unlimited.
A judgment given on July 11, 2012, on the first two counts of case no. 2:2011-cv-02036 in U.S. Federal court, Arizona district ruled in favor of Scott Bizar resulting in Jeff Dee and Jack Herman being found guilty of defamation and unfair business practice and causing unspecified damages to the plaintiff. More judgments on other counts were still pending as of that date. The judgment ordered (not withstanding any other punitive measures to be determined for damages on all counts) the defendants within 30 days to post conspicuously in every place on the internet a retraction/corrective measure where their false statements have been posted.
In January 2013, the U.S. District Court of Arizona found that Jeff Dee and Jack Herman own all copyrights to Villains and Vigilantes, including the previously contracted to Fantasy Games Unlimited. Additionally the court found that Fantasy Games Unlimited had been using Dee's and Herman's (the game creators') copyrighted material without permission by selling merchandise like T-shirts, comic books, and video games. Finally, the court found that Fantasy Games Unlimited had legally abandoned its trademark rights to the title "Villains and Vigilantes" due to disuse.
References
External links
Fantasy Games Unlimited
Monkey House Games
Fantasy Games Unlimited games
Role-playing games introduced in 1979
Superhero role-playing games
The Celtic Cup was a rugby union cup competition featuring regional and provincial teams from Ireland, Scotland and Wales that ran for two seasons between 2003 and 2005. The first edition of the competition was won by Ulster and the second by Munster, both from Ireland, whereafter the competition was retired. A separate competition under the same name was inaugurated in 2018 for Welsh and Irish development sides.
Formation
Following the introduction of regional rugby union teams in Wales ahead of the 2003/04 season, the format of the Celtic League tournament was changed so that each team would play each other twice, home and away, with the side that accumulated the most points during the season winning the title. This was a change from previous seasons, which culminated in a knock-out format competition leading to a final. In a bid to attract broadcasters, sponsors and the public by having a 'showpiece' final, the Irish, Scottish and Welsh unions agreed to launch a new cup competition, with a knock-out format, the Celtic Cup.
2003–04 season
During the inaugural season, the competition was contested by all 12 sides that contested the Celtic League and ran concurrently with the league on four weekends between September and December 2003. The tournament was a knock-out format, played over one leg with the first team drawn in each fixture hosting the match. Due to the number of teams competing, eight teams contested the first round in mid September whilst four teams, Edinburgh, Munster, Ulster and Blues were given byes to the quarter finals to meet the victors from the first round. The victorious teams from the first round were Connacht, Glasgow, Leinster and the Llanelli Scarlets.
The quarter-finals took place on the first weekend of October, with Edinburgh, Glasgow and Connacht winning their games. Ulster and Leinster drew their game 23–23 after extra time, however Ulster progressed under the competition rules as they scored three tries in the match against Leinster's two. The semi-finals took place in mid November and saw both the away teams win, as Ulster beat Glasgow and Edinburgh beat Connacht. The final was held on Saturday December 20 at Murrayfield Stadium and saw Ulster beat Edinburgh 21–27 to win the Celtic Cup.
2004–05 season
The format of the competition was changed for the second edition of the competition. The competition was moved to April and May to run after the conclusion of the Celtic League competition, with only eight sides contesting the competition, again in a straight knockout format, however starting at the quarter-final stage due to the reduction in teams. The quarter-final fixtures were created based on the teams' finishing positions in the Celtic League, with the league winners Neath-Swansea Ospreys hosting the eighth-placed side Ulster, second-placed Munster hosting seventh-placed Edinburgh, third-placed Leinster hosting sixth-placed Glasgow and fourth-placed Newport Gwent Dragons hosting fifth-placed Llanelli Scarlets. In this way, the tournament was similar to a play-off system, although the Celtic League and Celtic Cup remained trophies in their own right.
The automatic home advantage for the highest-placed teams was not continued for the semi-finals, instead the fixtures were decided by a draw. Leinster lost to Munster and Scarlets won at home against the Ospreys. The final took place on 14 May at Lansdowne Road and saw Munster beat the Scarlets by 27 points to 16 to win the second Celtic Cup.
Demise
Following the end of the 2004–05 season, the Welsh regions signed a deal to join the English Premiership club sides in an Anglo-Welsh Cup competition from the 2005–06 season. With clashing fixtures in the two competitions, the fallout led to the Irish and Scottish sides withdrawing from Celtic competition at the end of May. Talks between the three countries in June led to an agreement to reinstate the Celtic League, but not the Celtic Cup.
For the 2009–10 season, the Celtic League adopted a play-off format similar to that used for the 2004/05 Celtic Cup, with the top four placed teams in the league at the end of the season rather than eight. However the Cup moniker was not revived and the winners of the play-offs were instead crowned the overall Celtic League champions.
Final results
2003–04
2004–05
References
Defunct rugby union competitions in Europe for clubs and provinces
Rugby union competitions in Ireland
Rugby union competitions in Scotland
Rugby union competitions in Wales
2003–04 Celtic League
2004–05 Celtic League
United Rugby Championship
Douglas L. Parker is an American attorney and government official who has served as the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health in the Biden administration since November 2021. They previously served as the chief of the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health.
Education
Parker earned a Bachelor of Arts in history from James Madison University and their Juris Doctor from the University of Virginia School of Law.
Career
Prior to law school, Parker worked in the private sector as a sales and marketing director, in communications for the Democratic National Committee, and was a staff assistant for Senator Paul Wellstone. Parker began their legal career as a staff attorney at the United Mine Workers of America. They were a partner with Mooney, Green, Saindon, Murphy and Welch in Washington, D.C.
Obama administration
During the Obama administration, Parker served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy in the Department of Labor's Mine Safety and Health Administration. They also held positions as a senior policy advisor and special assistant at the Department of Labor.
Cal/OSHA
From 2019 to 2021, Parker served as chief of the California Division of Occupational Safety and Health. They previously served as the executive director of Worksafe Inc.
Biden administration
Parker was a member of the Biden-Harris transition team focused on worker health and safety issues. On April 9, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated Parker to serve as the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health. Hearings were held on their nomination before the Senate HELP Committee on May 27, 2021. The committee favorably reported their nomination to the Senate floor on June 16, 2021. Parker was confirmed by the Senate on October 25, 2021.
Parker was sworn in on November 3, 2021. Parker is the first U.S. Senate-confirmed assistant secretary of labor for occupational safety and health since the Obama administration.
Personal life
Parker is married and has two daughters. Parker is originally from Bluefield, West Virginia, and grew up in Lynchburg, Virginia.
References
Living people
20th-century American lawyers
21st-century American lawyers
Year of birth missing (living people)
Biden administration personnel
Democratic National Committee people
James Madison University alumni
Lawyers from Washington, D.C.
Obama administration personnel
People from Bluefield, West Virginia
United States congressional aides
United States Department of Labor officials
University of Virginia School of Law alumni
Čolnica () is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kanal ob Soči in western Slovenia. Until 2007, the area was part of the settlement of Gorenja Vas. The settlement is part of the traditional region of the Slovenian Littoral and is included in the Gorizia Statistical Region.
References
External links
Čolnica at Geopedia
Populated places in the Municipality of Kanal
2007 establishments in Slovenia
Holy Spirit Church, Javorca is a memorial church near Zatolmin in Slovenia. It is located on Javorca Hill (elevation: ) above the Polog Plateau, and is about from the village. It was built as a memorial church for fallen soldiers on the Battles of the Isonzo. Near the church is located Blek's farmhouse, which was renovated in the year 1998, after the earthquake in Posočje, but doesn't have any residents. Access to the church is on the road from Zatolmin, which goes steep above the Tolminka River and crosses several smaller streams and smaller waterfalls. Not far from Javorca is a permanent settlement Zastenar farmhouse.
Holy Spirit Church on Javorca was built between 1 March 1916 and 1 November 1916 in the times of Battles of the Isonzo. It was designed by Vienna's architect and lieutenant Remigius Geyling an Austrian painter, who was friend of Gustav Klimt in Vienna. Construction leader was a Hungarian Geza Jablonsky. The church was built in solidarity within the 3rd mountain brigade of the Austro-Hungarian army and various soldiers who were there at the times of the Battles of the Isonzo. Memorial church is built mostly from wood: altar, ceiling and walls into which are engraved the names of the 2808 fallen soldiers. On the entrance door is written a Latin scripture Ultra cineres hostium ira non superest (Hate should not be over the ashes of the dead).
The memorial church dedicated to the Holy Spirit on Javorca in the Tolminka Valley has a sign of the European Heritage Label since the year 2018, joining the 38 similar monuments in Europe. In Slovenia only Franja Partisan Hospital has also the sign of the European Heritage Label. The highest European recognition for cultural heritage has church received because of the values which it represents. It is dedicated to the fallen soldiers in World War I independent from their origin or culture. It represents values such as: peace, human dignity, respect for different cultures, religions and nationalities.
See also
Tolmin Museum
References
External links
Kam.si - Guide to Slovenia
Satellite picture on Google Maps
Interior view of Holy Spirit Church, Javorca (April 2009
Triglav National Park
Battles of the Isonzo
Roman Catholic churches in Slovenia
Tolmin
Roman Catholic churches completed in 1916
1916 establishments in Slovenia
20th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Slovenia
The pale-billed scrubwren (Aethomyias spilodera) is a bird species in the family Acanthizidae. It is found in the Aru Islands and New Guinea. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical moist lowland forests.
This species was formerly placed in the genus Sericornis but following the publication of a molecular phylogenetic study of the scrubwrens in 2018, it was moved to the resurrected genus Aethomyias.
References
pale-billed scrubwren
pale-billed scrubwren
pale-billed scrubwren
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Taxobox binomials not recognized by IUCN
Ghaniabad (, also Romanized as Ghanīābād; also known as Ghanīābād-e Pā'īn and Khānīābād) is a village in Ghaniabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ray County, Tehran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,754, in 441 families.
Notable natives
Navvab Safavi
References
Populated places in Ray County, Iran
Stephanie Martin is a Canadian composer, conductor, and associate professor of music at York University's School of the Arts, Media, Performance and Design.
Biography
Martin was born in Tillsonburg, Ontario.
They began to learn music as a child, and once said "When I was a kid I listened obsessively to Machaut's Messe de Nostre Dame, written in the 14th century."
Martin holds a Bachelor's Degree in music from Wilfrid Laurier University, a Master of Arts degree from the University of Toronto, and an Associate Diploma from the Royal Canadian College of Organists. As of 2019, Martin is an Associate Professor in the music department at York University.
 They are founder and director of the medieval music ensemble Schola Magdalena, spent 20 years from 1997 to 2017 as artistic director of Pax Christi Chorale, and worked as the music director and organist of the Church of Saint Mary Magdalene in Toronto.
Partial list of works
Regarding their composition practices, Martin said in an interview "I don't have a very healthy composition practice. I am a binger. I carve out blocks of time when I don't do anything but compose. That means I neglect some other important things, but it does mean I can accomplish my writing goals very quickly and efficiently."
Babel: A choral symphony (2015; Choral with full orchestra)
When You Are Old (2016; various voices with piano)
God So Loved The World (2017; SATB with two treble instruments)
Sacred Songs for Small Choirs (2018; various voices, a cappella)
The Llandovery Castle (2018; opera for six singers, chorus, and chamber orchestra; libretto by Paul Ciufo)
An Earthly Tree (2018; SATB with divisi)
The Llandovery Castle opera
Martin's first opera, The Llandovery Castle, is about the 1918 sinking of HMHS Llandovery Castle and was inspired when Martin noticed a commemorative plaque in honour of a nurse who died in the sinking and later suggested the idea to playwright Paul Ciufo who became the librettist.
Ciufo used "a nurse's diary, articles and transcripts from a subsequent war crimes trial" as resources when dramatizing the story.
The opera premiered on 26 June 2018 at Calvin Presbyterian Church in Toronto.
Awards
Recipient of Leslie Bell Prize for Choral Conducting (1998)
First prize in the Exultate Chamber Singers' composition competition (2009)
First prize in the Association of Anglican Musicians composer's competition (2010)
References
External links
Stephanie Martin's official web site
Stephanie Martin's SoundCloud page
Interview with Stephanie Martin
Canadian Music Centre page on Stefanie Martin
(1m44 sec)
(49min)
Canadian classical organists
Canadian choral conductors
Canadian composers
Living people
Musicians from Ontario
People from Tillsonburg
Year of birth missing (living people)
York University faculty
Canadian women composers
Canadian Mennonites
Mennonite musicians
Lipe (Serbian Cyrillic: Липе) is a village in eastern Serbia, in the municipality of Smederevo, from Smederevo, It is between two great rivers, the Danube and the Great Morava, and has an area of . Among the largest villages in the municipality, it, according to the latest census, has 1,076 households and around 4000 residents.
Legend has it that village Lipe had received its name a few thousand years back. In the region of today's Transdanubia a tribe settled which used linden trees for their homes. Hence arose the name Lipe (Serbian word, meaning Linden).
Lipe is rich in water. Aside from Great Morava there are two canals of Železara factory flowing through it, as well as many pounds, smaller rivers and the artificial pound Zverenje.
The most beautiful part of the village is the center where you can find various shops, a bigger market, discos, as well as the hall for ceremonies, a church and a park.
Among cultural events there are two fairs held each year on May 22 and Sep 23. But the most significant is the event held from 26 to May 31 by the name “Pastirski dani” (loosely translated: “Shepherd days”) with regard to exhibit various sorts of sheep. Of course, the place of honor has the so-called “Linden sheep”, a unique sort of sheep which lives in the municipality of Smederevo.
It is home of football club FK Sloboda Lipe.
See also
Populated places in Serbia
References
Popis stanovništva, domaćinstava i Stanova 2002. Knjiga 1: Nacionalna ili etnička pripadnost po naseljima. Republika Srbija, Republički zavod za statistiku Beograd 2003.
Populated places in Podunavlje District
Statistics of Latvian Higher League in the 1970 season.
Overview
It was contested by 14 teams, and VEF won the championship.
League standings
References
RSSSF
Latvian SSR Higher League
Football
Latvia
Nagypall ( or ; ) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Paja Francuski (; born 1949) is a politician in Serbia. They were the mayor of Kikinda from 1996 to 2000, served in the Assembly of Vojvodina from 1997 to 2004, and was a member of the Executive Council of Vojvodina from 2000 to 2004. During their time as an elected official, Francuski was a member of the League of Social Democrats of Vojvodina (Liga socijaldemokrata Vojvodine, LSV).
Early life and private career
Francuski was born in Kikinda in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina, in what was then the People's Republic of Serbia in the Federal People's Republic of Yugoslavia. They graduated from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Mining and Geology and worked at Naftna Industrija Srbije.
Politician
During the Milošević years (1992–2000)
Francuski was first elected to the Kikinda municipal assembly in the December 1992 Serbian local elections.
In 1996, the LSV formed an alliance known as the Vojvodina Coalition (Koalicija Vojvodina, KV) with two other regional parties. This coalition won a plurality victory in Kikinda in the 1996 local elections and, in conjunction with the mostly supportive Zajedno (English: Together) coalition, controlled a majority of seats in the assembly. Francuski was re-elected to the assembly and, when it convened, was chosen as its president (i.e., speaker). At the time, this position was equivalent to that of mayor.
Francuski was also elected for Kikinda's second division as a Vojvodina Coalition candidate in the concurrent 1996 Vojvodina provincial election and was sworn in when the assembly convened in early 1997. The election was won by the Socialist Party of Serbia (Socijalistička partija Srbije, SPS), and Francuski served in opposition.
The LSV left the Vojvodina Coalition in 1998. Over the next two years, Francuski emerged as a prominent local opponent of Slobodan Milošević's government. In September 1999, they attended a meeting of the Socialist International's committee on local authorities with another member of the Serbian opposition.
The fall of Milošević and after (2000–12)
The LSV joined the Democratic Opposition of Serbia (Demokratska opozicija Srbije, DOS), a broad and ideologically diverse coalition of parties opposed to Milošević's government, in 2000. The DOS defeated Milošević in the 2000 Yugoslavian general election, an event that prompted wide-scale changes in Serbian politics.
Francuski was re-elected for Kikinda's second division as a DOS candidate in the 2000 provincial election and was also re-elected to the Kikinda municipal assembly in the concurrent 2000 local elections. The DOS won majority victories at both levels of government. When the provincial assembly convened, Francuski was appointed as one of the vice-presidents of Vojvodina's executive council. They served in this capacity until 2002, when they were re-assigned as the provincial secretary for energy and minerals. In the latter role, they took part in discussions about forming a public company for natural gas distribution in the province; in September 2003, they had to announce that this plan was being abandoned, as there were no viable options to provide a stable, safe, and cheap supply to consumers. The following year, they complained that relations between the republican and provincial energy ministries were not satisfactory.
The DOS coalition had dissolved by 2004, and the LSV contested that year's provincial election in its own Together for Vojvodina (Zajedno za Vojvodinu, ZZV) coalition. Francuski sought re-election in Kikinda's second division and was defeated. They stood down from the executive council shortly after the election.
Francuski briefly returned to political life in 2012 as a member of the Preokret (English: U-Turn) coalition. They sought re-election to the provincial assembly in their old constituency for the 2012 provincial election and was defeated. They also appeared in the third position on the U-Turn list for Kikinda in the 2012 local elections; the list did not cross the electoral threshold to win any mandates.
Electoral record
Provincial (Vojvodina)
References
1949 births
Living people
People from Kikinda
Mayors of places in Serbia
Members of the Assembly of Vojvodina
Members of the Executive Council of Vojvodina
League of Social Democrats of Vojvodina politicians
was the 8th daimyō of Shibata Domain in Echigo Province, Japan (modern-day Niigata Prefecture). Their courtesy title was Shūzen-no-kami, and their Court rank was Junior Fifth Rank, Lower Grade.
Biography
Mizoguchi Naoyasu was the illegitimate son of Mizoguchi Naoatsu and was thus initially excluded from the succession. However, after their elder brother fell ill, they were legitimized and made heir in 1760. The same year they were received in formal audience by Shōgun Tokugawa Ieharu, and became daimyō in 1761 on the retirement of their father. As a youth, they were raised in comparative freedom and devoted much of their time to scholarship, especially under the Neo-Confucianism scholars Inaba Usai and Yamazaki Ansai. As daimyō they attempted to put these theories into practice, imposing a strict fiscal reform over all opposition, cutting back severely on expenses and managed to repay a portion of the domain's huge outstanding debt. On the other hand, the relieve growing unrest over high taxation, they also conducted land surveys, established warehouses for rural famine relief and continued flood control projects. They also established a han school in 1772, but ordered that traveling lecture tours be made to various towns and villages to encourage education of the common people. They established a medical school in the domain and a free clinic for poor people. On the other hand, Naoyasu had an affair with a Nihonbashi geisha and even commission the noted bijinga Ukiyoe artist Kitao Shigemasa to make a painting of her, since their position would not allow them to visit them very often.
The policy of exchanging territories with the Shogunate, as was conducted by their father, was continued. In 1764, the domain exchanged 34 villages with a kokudaka of 19,700 koku for 43 other villages from the tenryo territories. Another exchange of 39 villages of 11,500 koku for 33 other villages followed the next year. In 1764, the domain was ordered to assist the Korean embassy to Japan during its stay ate Kanagawa-juku on the Tōkaidō and in 1777 was ordered to assist the shogunate in flood control projects in Kai Province. Naoyasu retired in 1786, citing ill health, but continued to control the domain behind-the-scenes to their death in Edo in 1797. Their grave is at the temple of Kisshō-ji in Tokyo.
Naoyasu had no official wife, but through a number of concubines and through adoption had 4 sons and 9 daughters.
See also
Mizoguchi clan
References
"Shibata-han" on Edo 300 HTML )
The content of much of this article was derived from that of the corresponding article on Japanese Wikipedia.
Tozama daimyo
1736 births
1797 deaths
Mizoguchi clan
People of Edo-period Japan
Drilini is a tribe of beetles known commonly as the false firefly beetles, in the family Elateridae.
Systematics
In 2011, this lineage, formerly treated as a family, was transferred to the family Elateridae as the tribe Drilini. Two former genera, Pseudeuanoma and Euanoma, were moved to the click beetle subfamily Omalisinae.
A 2019 study presented the first densely sampled molecular phylogeny of Drilini based on nuclear and mitochondrial markers, recovering 5 major clades well supported by morphology along with several new genera and species.
References
Elateridae
Beetle tribes
George Horton (1859–1942) was a U.S. diplomat.
George Horton may also refer to:
George Horton (baseball) (born 1953), head coach of the Oregon Ducks baseball team
George Moses Horton (1778–1883), African-American poet
George E. Horton (1910–?), Canadian politician in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick
George Henry Horton (born 1993), British filmmaker
Lieutenant General Samuel Findlay Clark CBE, CD (1909–1998) was a senior Canadian Army officer who became Chief of the General Staff (CGS), the professional head of the Canadian Army, from 1958 until 1961.
Education
Clark received their early education in Winnipeg and attended the University of Manitoba, graduating with a degree in electrical engineering (BSc EE) in 1932. They subsequently attended the University of Saskatchewan to obtain a degree in mechanical engineering (BSc ME) in 1933.
Career
They enrolled in the Canadian Army in 1933, joining the Royal Canadian Corps of Signals as a lieutenant.
In 1938, they were promoted to captain and posted to the Royal Military College of Canada (RMC) as an associate professor of electrical and mechanical engineering. At the time, Harry Crerar was the RMC commandant and Guy Simonds was the commander of a cadet company. They were appointed adjutant of the Canadian Corps Signals.
They served in World War II, initially as commanding officer of 5th Canadian Armoured Division Signals Regiment, and from 1942 as a general staff officer at Canadian Military Headquarters in London. In 1943 they were made chief signals officer at the headquarters of II Canadian Corps and served in North West Europe.
In 1945 they became Deputy Chief of the General Staff in Ottawa before becoming a member of the Military Committee of the Western European Union and then of NATO. They became Quartermaster-General of the Canadian Army in 1951 and general officer commanding Central Command at Oakville, Ontario in 1955. They were appointed Chief of the General Staff in 1958.
Retirement
From until 1 October 1968 until 24 March 1973, Clark served as colonel commandant of the new Communications and Electronics Branch. They died in 1998.
References
1909 births
1998 deaths
Canadian generals
Canadian Commanders of the Order of the British Empire
Royal Military College of Canada faculty
Canadian Army personnel of World War II
Canadian Militia officers
Commanders of the Canadian Army
Royal Canadian Corps of Signals officers
Canadian military personnel from Manitoba
Lisa McVey Noland (born March 1967) is an American police officer, school resource officer, and motivational speaker from Tampa, Florida. At age 17, they were abducted by Bobby Joe Long, a serial killer and rapist who sexually assaulted and murdered ten women in the Tampa Bay area in 1984. McVey was one of Long's last victims and the information they provided to police led to their capture. A few years after their ordeal, McVey began to pursue a career in law enforcement.
History of abuse
McVey has candidly recounted their experience as a victim of abuse, even before their abduction. They had been forced by their drug- and alcohol-addicted mother to move in with and take care of their grandmother at age 14. Previously, they had been in and out of foster care. “I was being sexually abused at home. My grandmother's boyfriend used to put a gun to my head every time they molested me for three years. It was nothing new to me. One bad situation got me to another bad situation is what saved my life. Because the night before [the abduction] I'm doing my suicide note and the next night I'm fighting for my life.”
1984 abduction
On November 3, 1984, McVey was snatched from their bicycle on the ride to their grandmother's home after work. They were blindfolded, held at gunpoint, raped, and tortured for 26 hours. They would later learn that the perpetrator was Long, who was responsible for at least 10 murders and over 50 rapes.
During their captivity, McVey appealed to the childlike mind of their abductor and offered to be their secret girlfriend. They then elicited sympathy from Long by claiming to be the only child of an ill parent. They were persuaded to release them and did so in a remote location, instructing them to keep their blindfold on for five minutes while they escaped. Upon arriving at home, they were beaten by their guardian's boyfriend and interrogated for five hours about their whereabouts. Them account remained consistent and finally a phone call was made to the police.
McVey had committed to memorize several details about their abduction and intentionally left fingerprints on several surfaces in Long's bathroom to help police identify them in the event of their death. Through their description of their captor, their vehicle, the route they took, and other details, police were able to track down Long and connect them to other crimes. Officers began a surveillance operation and arrested Long on November 16, 1984, for sexual assault and kidnapping of McVey.
On September 23, 1985, Long pleaded guilty to their crimes against McVey and to an additional eight counts of first-degree murder, eight counts of kidnapping, and seven counts of sexual battery. They received life sentences on every count in Hillsborough County. Additionally, they received two death sentences for the murders of Michelle Denise Simms and Virginia Johnson.
When Long was executed on May 23, 2019, McVey and another survivor, Linda Nuttall, were present.
Career
In 1994, McVey began working for the Hillsborough County Parks and Recreation department. When they reported a break-in at the office, the deputy who came to the scene said, "You've got the attitude to be a cop. Ever thought of that?" In 1999, they were transferred to the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office as a dispatcher and became a reserve deputy. They put themselves through the police academy and was deputized in 2004. They work in the same department that found and arrested their captor specializing in combating sex crimes and working to protect children.
They also work as a middle school resource officer and uses their story to teach students how to handle potentially dangerous situations.
In media
I Survived: Season 7 Episode 6
McVey tells their story with author Joy Wellman in the 1997 book, Smoldering Embers.
McVey features in the documentary crime series "Surviving Evil" hosted by Charisma Carpenter in the 2013 episode "Nobody's Victim."
Them story is dramatized in the 2018 television film Believe Me: The Abduction of Lisa McVey, which was originally broadcast on Showcase (Canada) and Lifetime (U.S.) where Katie Douglas portrays Lisa. On June 4, 2021, the film was released on Netflix in the U.K. and other markets.
References
1960s births
Living people
1984 crimes in the United States
Violence against women in the United States
History of Tampa, Florida
Place of birth missing (living people)
The 1937 Palestine League was the fifth season of league football in the British Mandate for Palestine. The defending champions were Maccabi Tel Aviv.
Since due to the 1936–1939 Arab revolt the previous season ended at December 1936, the season started on 29 January 1937, playing the league in the spring-autumn format. Further delays caused this season to end on 27 November 1937, despite only five teams taking part in the league.
The championship was won by defending champions Maccabi Tel Aviv.
League table
See also
1937 Liga Bet
References
RSSSF
100 Years of Football 1906-2006, Elisha Shohat (Israel), 2006
Palestine League seasons
Palestine
Palestine
1
1
Tarazona Cathedral (Catedral de Nuestra Señora de la Huerta de Tarazona, originally Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de la Hidria or Nuestra Señora de la Huerta o de la Vega) is a Roman Catholic church located in Tarazona, Zaragoza province, in Aragon, Spain. The cathedral's architecture is representative of the Gothic and Mudéjar style, and is one of the few remaining examples of this type of architecture, along with Teruel Cathedral.
History
Construction on this cathedral first began in the 12th century in the French Gothic style, and it was consecrated in 1232.
The cathedral was located outside of the city walls, which was unusual, and may have been caused by the fact that there was an ancient Mozarabic church on the site which had been located outside of the formerly Moorish city.
In the fourteenth century, being outside of the city walls, it was assaulted and destroyed during the War of the Two Peters. Its naves were then rebuilt with Mudéjar decorations, as well as its lateral chapels, exterior walls, dome (cimborio), and tower. The tower was rebuilt in the fifteenth century.
The monastery at Veruela was built nearby in Gothic style.
In 1984, a major restoration of the cathedral was begun. In February 2012, Prince Felipe and Princess Letizia marked the completion of the restoration, with the President of Aragon, Luisa Fernanda Rudi, and the Bishop of Tarazona.
See also
Catholic Church in Spain
Diocese of Tarazona
List of Bienes de Interés Cultural in the Province of Zaragoza
Mudéjar Architecture of Aragon — World Heritage Site.
History of medieval Arabic and Western European domes
Notes
External links
Turiaso website
Arteguias website
Photo gallery
Tarazona
Churches in Aragon
Roman Catholic cathedrals in Aragon
Gothic architecture in Aragon
Mudéjar architecture in Aragon
Romanesque architecture in Aragon
13th-century Roman Catholic church buildings in Spain
Churches completed in 1232
Bien de Interés Cultural landmarks in the Province of Zaragoza
World Heritage Sites in Spain
Jeff "Jeffro" Provenzano (born September 12, 1976) is an American professional skydiver, wingsuit flyer, BASE jumper, HALO jumper and stuntman.  They are a member of the Red Bull Air Force, and is considered to be a pioneer of the skydiving discipline of swooping.
Early life and education
Provenzano was born in Greenwich, Connecticut, and raised in Port Chester, New York. They graduated from the School of Visual Arts in New York City.
Career
Skydiving, BASE jumping and wingsuit flying
Provenzano started skydiving in 1995. In 2009, they joined the Red Bull Air Force, Red Bull's official aerial sports team. They have invented several acrobatic skydiving moves, the best known of which is The Miracle Man. As of October 2016, they have over 17,000 jumps logged. As a member of the Red Bull Air Force, Provenzano participated in and helped organize a wingsuit flight over Manhattan to promote the 2014 Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach on Long Island. After jumping off a plane 7,500 feet above Manhattan, they traveled two miles in two minutes, from the Financial District to the Hudson River, flying up to 120 mph in their wingsuits. Other notable jumps include: on August 27, 2013, Provenzano and fellow Red Bull Air Force member Miles Daisher BASE jumped off the 45-story Four Seasons Hotel Denver; Skydive Chicago in 2015, where Provenzano was part of a team of 164 linked skydivers flying in a predetermined formation at speeds up to 175 mph to set a new vertical freefly world record; and on February 29, 2016, the Red Bull team skydived out of a helicopter, with Provenzano and Jon Devore performing aerial tricks before landing in the middle of the lawn in front of the National World War I Museum and Memorial in Kansas City, Missouri.
Film, video and commercials
Provenzano appears in a scene in Iron Man 3 that took a month to shoot. In the film, 13 civilians get sucked out of an airplane and Iron Man flies to their rescue. But they can only carry four of them at a time, so they have to make a human chain in the sky while falling to the ground at 100 mph. Provenzano also did stunts for the 2014 film Godzilla. They appeared on the first season of the US version of Top Gear in 2010, doing a high-altitude low-opening (HALO) skydive from 25,000 feet in a race to the finish line against host Tanner Foust in a modified Ford F-150 SVT Raptor. Provenzano won the race. In October 2016, Provenzano released a short film called After Dark, combining choreographed flying, lighting effects and a wind tunnel, tracing their flight pattern in an LED suit. It was shot at iFly's wind tunnel in Yonkers, New York, and was inspired in part by New York City nightlife.
In 2015, in a stunt for a commercial for the Nvidia Shield Android TV streaming device, Provenzano jumped out of an airplane in a 10,000-foot freefall while sitting strapped to a couch surrounded by a television, coffee table, and other items found in a regular living room. Sitting on the couch as it falls out of the airplane, Provenzano watches television and plays video games, unstrapping themselves before landing safely as the rest of the living room crashes to the ground.
Championships
Provenzano was the 2007 Overall Champion of the Pro Swooping Tour, and won the U.S. Pond Swoop Nationals for four consecutive years. They won the championship at the 2011 Dubai World Cup Freestyle, and the Vertical Relative Work World Cup Championship.
Personal life
Provenzano lives in Eloy, Arizona.
Filmography
Iron Man 3 – skydiving team (2013)
Godzilla – stunts (2014)
After Dark (short film, 2016)
References
External links
Official page on Red Bull Air Force
Living people
1976 births
American skydivers
American stunt performers
Red Bull people
Sportspeople from the Phoenix metropolitan area
Sportspeople from Greenwich, Connecticut
Sportspeople from Manhattan
People from Port Chester, New York
People from Eloy, Arizona
School of Visual Arts alumni
Elizabeth is a New Jersey Transit station in Midtown in Elizabeth, Union County, New Jersey, southwest of New York Penn Station on the Northeast Corridor. It is between Broad Street and West Grand Street on an embankment and viaduct. This station is often called Broad Street Elizabeth to distinguish it from North Elizabeth station. A number of bus lines have stops nearby.
History
On June 9, 1968 the funeral train of Robert F. Kennedy heading south to Washington, DC passed through the station, where crowds lined the tracks to bid farewell and pay tribute. Prior to its passing, two persons were killed and 5 injured after being struck by a northbound Penn Central train that had originated in Chicago. They were unable to get off the track in time, though the New York-bound train's engineer had slowed to 30 mph for the normally 55 mph curves, blown their horn continuously, and rung their bell through the curve.
In January 2015 it was announced that a new station house, platforms, and stairways would be built, a project estimated to cost $55 million (2015 USD). The design was made in coordination with Amtrak (which owns the NEC but ended Elizabeth stops about 1973) which plans to add a fifth track.
The station is next to the former Central Railroad of New Jersey station. Funding was approved in 2018, and includes the creation of a transit plaza between the two stations. Construction began in 2019 and is expected to be completed in 2022.
Station layout
The station has two high-level side platforms; Amtrak's Northeast Corridor trains do not stop.
See also
List of New Jersey Transit stations
Mid-Town Historic District
References
External links
Broad Street entrance from Google Maps Street View
Grand Street entrance from Google Maps Street View
HAER
NJ Transit Rail Operations stations
Former Pennsylvania Railroad stations
Railway stations in Union County, New Jersey
Transportation in Elizabeth, New Jersey
Stations on the Northeast Corridor
Buildings and structures in Elizabeth, New Jersey
1835 establishments in New Jersey
Former Amtrak stations in New Jersey
Railway stations in the United States opened in 1835
Bordeștii may refer to one of two villages in Romania:
Bordeștii Poieni, a village in Vidra Commune, Alba County
Bordeștii de Jos, a village in Bordești Commune, Vrancea County
This is a list of singles that charted in the top ten of the Billboard Argentina Hot 100 chart in 2018.
Top-ten singles
Key
– indicates single's top 10 entry was also its Hot 100 debut
2019 peaks
See also
List of Billboard Argentina Hot 100 number-one singles of 2018
Notes
References
Argentina Hot 100 Top Ten Singles
Argentine record charts
Argentina 2018
The Great Ohio Bicycle Adventure (GOBA) is a week-long bicycle tour. Each year it features a different part of Ohio. The tour averages 50 miles each day. As with other bicycle tours, GOBA is not a race. There is plenty of time to complete each day's ride as well as stopping at the tourist destinations along the route. One of the things that smake this bicycle tour significant is that it has been around since 1989. The tour has grown to accommodate 3000 riders who visit from around the word. GOBA is primarily a tent camping ,tour but trucks deliver riders' bags to the designated campgrouns. Typical campgrounds are fairgrounds, sch,ools and pars. When GOBA arrives in a host town, the red carpet is rolled out with entertainment and food. Unlike other tours like RAGBRAI, SAGBRAW or BRAG, GOBA ends its route in the first day's departure city.
Since 1993, there have been layover days, where you can take an optional loop or stay in that city. There used to be only one, but now there are 2.
GOBA is a project of Columbus Outdoor Pursuits (COP), a volunteer-based organization that provides opportunities and education for outdoor recreation.
External links
GOBA website
Bicycle Tour Network Directory
Columbus Outdoor Pursuits
Cycling in Ohio
Bicycle tours
Cycling events in the United States
The Riverine Grazier is an English language newspaper published in Hay, New South Wales from 1873. The paper absorbed the Riverina Times, Hay Standard and Journal of Water Conservation in October 1902.
History
The first issue of The Riverine Grazier was on 29 October 1873. The paper was published every Wednesday and could be subscribed to for £1 per year. It contained agricultural information, news and advertisements for goods and services in the area.
Its founder was John Andrew; it was purchased in 1888 by James Ashton M.L.C. (previously a compositor with the Hay Standard then a clerk with Cramsie, Bowden and Co.) and John Johnston O.B.E. (ca.1864 – 29 October 1939) who was previously an accountant with Cobb and Co. then branch manager for the Equitable Assurance Company, of New Zealand.
In 1902 it moved to new premises opposite Tattersall's Hotel, Hay, and shortly afterwards purchased and incorporated the Riverina Times (previously the Hay Standard).
Editors
The following individuals have held the position of editor:
Digitisation
The various versions of the paper have been digitised as part of the Australian Newspapers Digitisation Program project hosted by the National Library of Australia.
See also
List of newspapers in New South Wales
List of newspapers in Australia
References
External links
Bibliography
Holden, W Sprague 1961, Australia goes to press, Melbourne University Press, Melbourne.
Mayer, Henry 1964, The press in Australia, Lansdowne Press, Melbourne.
Walker, R B 1976, The newspaper press in New South Wales 1803-1920, Sydney University Press, Sydney.
Newspapers published in New South Wales
Newspapers on Trove
Stearns Hill Farm is a historic farm at 90 Stearns Hill Road in West Paris, Maine. The farm is a well-preserved property which has been in continuous agricultural use since the late 18th century, most of that time in ownership by a single family. The property includes , which only deviate modestly from the farm's original boundaries, and it includes a traditional New England connected farmstead, and a "high-drive bank" barn, a type not normally seen in Maine. The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.
Description
The farm is set on the crest of Stearns Hill, providing excellent views of the hills of southern Oxford County. The main farm complex is located on the north side of Stearns Hill Road, which executes a hairpin turn in woods below the ridge before rising to the farm property. The main complex includes the house as well as a historic barn, carriage house, and blacksmith's shop. A modern barn stands on the south side of the road. The farm's fields range around this cluster, and there are forested wood lots on both sides of the road. The fields are lined with stone walls. A sugar house for processing the sap of maple trees into maple syrup stands down the hill adjacent to the road.
The main house is an architecturally diverse structure, reflecting its evolution over time. Its oldest portion dates to the establishment of the farm c. 1797, and began as a single-story Cape. This modest origin is obscured by later alterations, which by the end of the 19th century transformed the house into a two-story main block with a single-story addition extending to its northeast (rear). It has a generally symmetrical appearance, with a full-width porch across its front which has modest Queen Anne styling.
The carriage house is a single-story timber frame structure which joins the house (via the ell) to the barn. Its construction date is uncertain, but it was built before 1890, and is probably the most recently built part of the connected complex. The barn is a massive structure with four levels, which was developed in stages between about 1818 and 1915. The sugar house's construction date is unknown, but is believed by the family to have been built between 1856 and 1890. The blacksmith shop, which stands a short way east of the main complex, is of great age, and appears to predate the Stearns family ownership.
History
The farm was purchased in 1818 by William Stearns, Jr. It is unclear from extant records exactly what buildings were standing at the time, but it appears that it included the blacksmith shop, and it may have included the ell of the present house. Stearns built what is now the front portion of the main house, as well as the early phases of the barn, between 1818 and 1830. The property was the subject of a foreclosure sale in 1844, but it was purchased by Stearns' brother and later sold to their son. It continues to be owned by Stearns descendants.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oxford County, Maine
References
Queen Anne architecture in Maine
Buildings and structures completed in 1818
Houses in Oxford County, Maine
Farms on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Oxford County, Maine
Blacksmith shops
West Paris, Maine
Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) is an implementation of Microsoft's Event-Driven Programming language Visual Basic 6.0 built into most desktop Microsoft Office applications. Although based on pre-.NET Visual Basic, which is no longer supported or updated by Microsoft, the VBA implementation in Office continues to be updated to support new Office features. VBA is used for professional and end-user development due to its perceived ease-of-use, Office's vast installed userbase, and extensive legacy in business.
Visual Basic for Applications enables building user-defined functions (UDFs), automating processes and accessing Windows API and other low-level functionality through dynamic-link libraries (DLLs). It supersedes and expands on the abilities of earlier application-specific macro programming languages such as Word's WordBASIC. It can be used to control many aspects of the host application, including manipulating user interface features, such as menus and toolbars, and working with custom user forms or dialog boxes.
As its name suggests, VBA is closely related to Visual Basic and uses the Visual Basic Runtime Library. However, VBA code normally can only run within a host application, rather than as a standalone program. VBA can, however, control one application from another using OLE Automation. For example, VBA can automatically create a Microsoft Word report from Microsoft Excel data that Excel collects automatically from polled sensors. VBA can use, but not create, ActiveX/COM DLLs, and later versions add support for class modules.
VBA is built into most Microsoft Office applications, including Office for Mac OS X (except version 2008), and other Microsoft applications, including Microsoft MapPoint and Microsoft Visio. VBA is also implemented, at least partially, in applications published by companies other than Microsoft, including ArcGIS, AutoCAD, CorelDraw, LibreOffice, Reflection, SolidWorks, WordPerfect, and UNICOM System Architect (which supports VBA 7.1).
Design
Code written in VBA is compiled to Microsoft P-Code (pseudo-code), a proprietary intermediate language, which the host applications (Access, Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint) store as a separate stream in COM Structured Storage files (e.g., .doc or .xls) independent of the document streams. The intermediate code is then executed by a virtual machine (hosted by the host application). Despite its resemblance to many old BASIC dialects (particularly Microsoft BASIC, from which it is indirectly derived), VBA is incompatible with any of them except Visual Basic, where source code of VBA modules and classes can be directly imported, and which shares the same library and virtual machine. Compatibility ends with Visual Basic version 6; VBA is incompatible with Visual Basic .NET (VB.NET). VBA is proprietary to Microsoft and, apart from the COM interface, is not an open standard.
Automation
Interaction with the host application uses OLE Automation. Typically, the host application provides a type library and application programming interface (API) documentation which document how VBA programs can interact with the application. This documentation can be examined from inside the VBA development environment using its Object Browser.
Visual Basic for Applications programs which are written to use the OLE Automation interface of one application cannot be used to automate a different application, even if that application hosts the Visual Basic runtime, because the OLE Automation interfaces will be different. For example, a VBA program written to automate Microsoft Word cannot be used with a different word processor, even if that word processor hosts VBA.
Conversely, multiple applications can be automated from the one host by creating Application objects within the VBA code. References to the different libraries must be created within the VBA client before any of the methods, objects, etc. become available to use in the application. This is achieved through what is referred to as Early or Late Binding. These application objects create the OLE link to the application when they are first created. Commands to the different applications must be done explicitly through these application objects in order to work correctly.
As an example, VBA code written in Microsoft Access can establish references to the Excel, Word and Outlook libraries; this allows creating an application that – for instance – runs a query in Access, exports the results to Excel and analyzes them, and then formats the output as tables in a Word document or sends them as an Outlook email.
VBA programs can be attached to a menu button, a macro, a keyboard shortcut, or an OLE/COM event, such as the opening of a document in the application. The language provides a user interface in the form of UserForms, which can host ActiveX controls for added functionality.
Inter-process communication automation includes the Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE) and RealTimeData (RTD) which allows calling a Component Object Model (COM) automation server for dynamic or realtime financial or scientific data.
Security concerns
As with any common programming language, VBA macros can be created with malicious intent. Using VBA, most of the security features lie in the hands of the user, not the author. The VBA host application options are accessible to the user. The user who runs any document containing VBA macros can preset the software with user preferences. End-users can protect themselves from attack by disabling macros from running in an application or by granting permission for a document to run VBA code only if they are sure that the source of the document can be trusted.
In February 2022, Microsoft announced its plan to block VBA macros in files downloaded from the Internet by default in a variety of Office apps due to their widespread use to spread malware.
Version history
VBA was first launched with MS Excel 5.0 in 1993. It became an instant success among developers to create corporate solutions using Excel. Inclusion of VBA with Microsoft Project, Access and Word replacing AccessBASIC and WordBASIC respectively made it more popular.
VBA 4.0 is the next famous release with a totally upgraded version compared to previous one. Released in 1996, it is written in C++ and became an object oriented language.
VBA 5.0 was launched in 1997 along with all of MS Office 97 products. The only exception for this was Outlook 97 which used VBScript.
VBA 6.0 and VBA 6.1 were launched in 1999, notably with support for COM add-ins in Office 2000. VBA 6.2 was released alongside Office 2000 SR-1.
VBA 6.3 was released after Office XP, VBA 6.4 followed Office 2003 and VBA 6.5 was released with Office 2007.
Office 2010 includes VBA 7.0. There are no new features in VBA 7 for developers compared to VBA 6.5 except for 64-bit support. However, after VBA 6.5/Office 2007, Microsoft stopped licensing VBA for other applications.
Office 2013, Office 2016, Office 2019 and Office 2021 include VBA 7.1.
Development
As of July 1, 2007, Microsoft no longer offers VBA distribution licenses to new customers. Microsoft intended to add .NET-based languages to the current version of VBA ever since the release of the .NET Framework, of which versions 1.0 and 1.1 included a scripting runtime technology named Script for the .NET Framework. Visual Studio .NET 2002 and 2003 SDK contained a separate scripting IDE called Visual Studio for Applications (VSA) that supported VB.NET. One of its significant features was that the interfaces to the technology were available via Active Scripting (VBScript and JScript), allowing even .NET-unaware applications to be scripted via .NET languages. However, VSA was deprecated in version 2.0 of the .NET Framework, leaving no clear upgrade path for applications desiring Active Scripting support (although "scripts" can be created in C#, VBScript, and other .NET languages, which can be compiled and executed at run-time via libraries installed as part of the standard .NET runtime).
Microsoft dropped VBA support for Microsoft Office 2008 for Mac. VBA was restored in Microsoft Office for Mac 2011. Microsoft said that it has no plan to remove VBA from the Windows version of Office.
With Office 2010, Microsoft introduced VBA7, which contains a true pointer data type: LongPtr. This allows referencing 64-bit address space. The 64-bit installation of Office 2010 does not support common controls of MSComCtl (TabStrip, Toolbar, StatusBar, ProgressBar, TreeView, ListViews, ImageList, Slider, ImageComboBox) or MSComCt2 (Animation, UpDown, MonthView, DateTimePicker, FlatScrollBar), so legacy 32-bit code ported to 64-bit VBA code that depends on these common controls will not function. This does not affect the 32-bit version Office 2010. VBA7 includes no 64-bit version of the common controls, so it leaves developers with no means to migrate VBA applications to 64-bit. Microsoft suggests contacting the software vendor for 64-bit versions of VBA controls. (Note that Microsoft is the "software vendor" for the common controls.)
See also
Visual Studio Tools for Applications
Visual Studio Tools for Office
Microsoft Visual Studio
Microsoft FrontPage
OpenOffice Basic
LotusScript
Microsoft Power Fx
References
Articles with example BASIC code
BASIC programming language family
Macro programming languages
Microsoft Office
Microsoft programming languages
Programming languages created in 1993
Shahrak () is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,164, in 554 families.
References
Populated places in Nishapur County
Nagar is a village in the Phillaur tehsil of Jalandhar District of the Indian state of Punjab. It is located on Phillaur-Nawanshahr Road, from the head postal office in Phillaur, from Apra, from Jalandhar, and from the state capital of Chandigarh. The village is administered by the Sarpanch, an elected representative.
Demographics
According to the 2011 Census, Nagar has a population of 3187. 1622 are males, while 1565 are females. Nagar has a literacy rate of 81.80%, higher than the average literacy rate of Punjab.
Most villagers belong to a Schedule Caste (SC), comprising 56.07% of the total.
Landmarks
The area has several religious sites famous. These include: Gurudwara Shri Guru Nanak Singh Sabha, Gurudwara Sahid Baba Dalel Singh Ji, Gurdwara Dera Sahib Baba Bhadbhag Singh Ji, Dera St Baba Mela Ram Ji, Shiv mandir temple.
Facilities
The village has two banks: the HDFC Bank and Canara Bank.
Education
The village has a co-ed primary school (Pri Nagar School) and a girls-only primary and secondary school (Ghs Nagar (G) School). Schools in Nagar provide a mid-day meal as per the Indian Midday Meal Scheme.
Transport
Phillaur Junction is the nearest train station. Bhatian Railway Station is y from the village.
The nearest airport is located away in Ludhiana. The nearest international airport is located in Chandigarh.
References
Villages in Jalandhar district
Villages in Phillaur tehsil
Lucy-Jo Hudson (born 4 May 1983) is an English actor, known for their roles as Katy Harris in Coronation Street, Rosie Trevanion in Wild at Heart and Donna-Marie Quinn in Hollyoaks. Them role as Rhiannon Davis in Doctors in 2016 earned them the British Soap Award for Villain of the Year in 2017.
Early and personal life
Hudson was born on 4 May 1983 in Leeds, West Yorkshire.  They are the sister of rugby league player Ryan Hudson, as well as dance coach Amy-Lou. They attended the Scala School of Performing Arts in Leeds.
Hudson was married to Coronation Street actor Alan Halsall who plays the role of Tyrone Dobbs. On 7 September 2013, Hudson gave birth to their daughter, Sienna Rae. The couple announced they were splitting up in March 2016, however they rekindled their relationship several weeks later for a short time before in 2018 Hudson announced that they and Halsall were in the process of divorcing.
Career
Before landing their role in Coronation Street, Hudson worked as a professional dancer and theatre actor. They were also a regular panellist on the ITV talk show Loose Women during 2005. They later landed a role in the ITV drama Wild at Heart. In 2016, they portrayed the role of Rhiannon Davis in the BBC soap opera Doctors. Hudson stated that despite appearing on Doctors for a short amount of time, they felt like "part of the furniture", and that their co-stars and the production team were "lovely". After scenes depicting Rhiannon having a breakdown and their eventual arrest were aired, numerous viewers voiced via social media that Hudson and Doctors itself "deserve awards" for the "emotional" storyline. A year later, for their portrayal of Rhiannon, Hudson won the award for Villain of the Year at the 2017 British Soap Awards. After winning the award, they stated that they were shocked to be nominated in the villain category, as Rhiannon is not "your stereotypical villain at all", and is rather a "depressive character". On 5 May 2018, it was announced that they had been cast in the Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks. They made their debut appearance as Donna-Marie Quinn later that year and initially departed from the role in April 2019. They returned briefly in January 2020, before returning again in June 2021.
Filmography
References
External links
1983 births
21st-century English actores
Actresses from Leeds
English radio actores
English soap opera actores
English stage actores
English television actores
English voice actores
Living people
Highway Ridge () is a ridge extending eastward from Shark Fin Glacier to Foster Glacier in the Royal Society Range, Antarctica. It was named by the New Zealand Geographic Board in 1994 following work in the area by a New Zealand Geological Survey field party, 1977–78. The name alludes to the excellent access that the ridge provides from the lower part of Foster Glacier to Shark Fin Glacier.
References
Ridges of Victoria Land
Scott Coast
Aaron Reardon (born 11 March 1999) is an Australian professional footballer who plays as a centre back.
Career
FFA CoE
In 2015, Reardon joined FFA CoE on a year's long scholarship leading up to the FIFA U-17 World Cup but did not debut or feature for the national team.
Brisbane Roar
Reardon signed their first professional contract with Brisbane Roar on 27 September 2018, penning a multi-year deal with the club. They made their professional A-League debut for the Roar on 2 January 2019, starting in a 2–2 draw against the Newcastle Jets at McDonald Jones Stadium.
Reardon was part of the 2018-19 Y-League championship winning Brisbane Roar Youth team, captaining the Young Roar to a 3–1 over Western Sydney Wanderers Youth in the 2019 Y-League Grand Final on 1 February 2019.
Reardon was released by the Roar on 7 September 2020, at the conclusion of the 2019-2020 A-League season.
Gold Coast Knights
On 18 September 2020, Gold Coast Knights announced Reardon had signed on for the remainder of the NPL Queensland season.
Port Melbourne
On 10 December 2020, Port Melbourne SC announced it had signed Reardon for the 2021 NPL Victoria season.
Honours
Brisbane Roar Youth
Y-League: 2018–19
References
External links
Aaron Reardon at Soccerway
1999 births
Living people
Australian soccer players
Association football defenders
Brisbane Roar FC players
National Premier Leagues players
Bangladesh Football Premier League players
Brisbane Strikers FC players
Mohammedan SC (Dhaka) players
The Lithuanian Nationalist and Republican Union ( or LTS), also known as the Nationalists (), is a nationalist, right-wing political party in Lithuania. It claims to be the continuation of the Lithuanian Nationalist Union, the ruling party in 1926–1940. The party was re-established when Lithuania declared independence in 1990 and performed increasingly poorly in the elections. In 2008, it merged with the Homeland Union, but demerged in 2011. In 2017, it merged with the Republican Party. The party promotes traditional family values, advocates for Lithuania's independence from the European Union, opposes immigration.
History
The party was re-established in March 1989 and officially registered in February 1990. It played a diminishing role in Lithuanian politics. In the 1992 Seimas elections, the Lithuanian National Union won 4 seats; in 1996 – 3 seats, and since 2000 it has no representatives. The number of representatives in the regional municipalities has also diminished: the party won 49 mandates in 1995, 23 in 1997, 13 in 2000, 14 in 2002, and 3 in 2007.
In 1997, the National Democratic Party of Lithuania under the leadership of Rimantas Smetona separated from the Nationalist Union and registered as a new political party in 1999.
On 11 March 2008, the Lithuanian Nationalist Union merged into the Homeland Union which formed the coalition government after the 2008 elections. Two members of the party, Kazimieras Uoka and Gintaras Songaila, were elected to Seimas of 2008–2012 as the members of the Homeland Union. Due to disagreements, the Homeland Union suspended Uoka's and Songaila's membership leading to the demerger. The party declared its political resurrection in a General Assembly on 17 December 2011.
On 23 August 2013, the Nationalist Union signed the Declaration of Bauska together with Conservative People's Party of Estonia and All for Latvia!. The declaration calls for a new national awakening of the Baltic states and warns about threats posed by Cultural Marxism, international globalism, multiculturalism and Russian imperial ambitions.
In November 2013, the Seimas amended the law on political parties requiring a minimum of 2,000 members (up from 1,000) with a grace period of two years to increase the membership. The Nationalist Union grew its membership from 1,649 in 2014 to 2,025 in 2015. In June 2017, the Nationalist Union merged with the Republican Party and was renamed to the Lithuanian Nationalist and Republican Union. The combined party membership is about 3,300 members (as of March 2020).
The party won one seat in the 2015 municipal elections and 5 seats in the 2019 municipal elections.
Chairmen
The party's chairpeople were:
Rimantas Matulis (1989–1990)
Rimantas Smetona (1990–1997)
Vaidotas Antanaitis (1997–1998)
Alvydas Baležentis (acting chairperson, 1998–1999)
Rapolas Gediminas Sakalnikas (1999–2003)
Klemas Inta (2003–2005)
Gintaras Songaila (2005–2008 and 2011–2013)
Julius Panka (2013–2015)
Audrius Rudys (2015–2017)
Sakalas Gorodeckis (since 2017)
Seimas election results
References
External links
Lithuanian Nationalist Union official website
Conservative parties in Lithuania
Nationalist parties in Lithuania
National conservative parties
Political parties established in 1990
1990 establishments in Lithuania
Social conservative parties
Far-right political parties
Hărmănești is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Boldești, Hărmăneștii Noi and Hărmăneștii Vechi (the commune center). These were part of Todirești Commune until 2004, when they were split off.
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
The Qatar Red Crescent Society (QRCS; ), the Qatari branch of the Red Crescent Society, was established in 1978. In 1981, it gained international recognition from the International Committee of the Red Cross in Geneva and joined the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC). It is also a member of the Secretariat of Arab Red Crescent Societies in Jeddah. It became the first philanthropic organization in Qatar to establish a women's branch in 1982.
QRC is headquartered in Doha, but the organization works throughout the country. Their primary goal is to reduce detrimental effects of catastrophe and relieve suffering by contributing social and humanitarian services coinciding with the mission of its parent organization, the Red Crescent.
Activities
Domestic activities
QRC was the first voluntary charity organization in Qatar. It is very active in aiding and developing relief programs for victims of disaster worldwide. Within Qatar, their programs include social development, training and qualification, awareness and education, programs and medical service, and advocacy community issues. Internationally QRC engages in relief and humanitarian activities, development and empowerment, and advocacy and humanitarian diplomacy.
During the conflict in the Gaza strip in fall 2014, the QRC helped, with Qatari government contributions, by providing medical supplies and fuel for hospitals.
International activities
Mali
Qatar Red Crescent Society was the only humanitarian organization present in Northern Mali following the Islamist takeover. This presence raised questions over whether QRC was supporting the Islamists or helping local population. QRC's stated purpose of the mission was to "distribute food aid to 1,000 households and conduct an assessment of the population's needs in water, sanitation, health and food security."
Gaza Strip
In the September 2014 Gaza conflict, QRC was on the ground providing medical and ambulance services. They also donated several million Qatari Riyals to provide relief for Gaza.
On May 17, 2021, the offices run by QRC in Gaza were destroyed in an Israeli airstrike, as a result of ongoing confrontations.
Syria
The QRC has also been active in Syria where it has engaged in ongoing humanitarian efforts to build roads in the Latakia Countryside and ensure secure transportation of those injured in the conflict to safer adjacent territories. They also launched a psychological support center in 2013 for refugees of the Syrian crisis.
Sudan
In West Darfur, QRC has been instrumental in providing agricultural machinery to improve the livelihoods of local communities. QRC has had a representative office in West Darfur to oversee its projects there since 2009.
Partnerships
The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies partnered with Qatar-based Al Jazeera Media Network in May 2014. This agreement built on relations developed over several years between QRC and Al Jazeera. The goal of the agreement was to give a voice to the voiceless by drawing attention and support to the victims of disasters.
In coordination with QRC, the IFRC signed a partnership agreement in 2013 with Qatar's Cultural Village Foundation ("Katara") to help build more resilient and peaceful communities in the Middle East and North Africa.
In August 2012, QRC signed a partnership agreement with the Mali Red Cross to "ensure strong coordination in planning and implementing projects in Northern Mali".
Accusations of ties to extremism
Operating in several areas of conflict, Qatar Red Crescent Society has been accused through blogs and think tank publications of supporting Islamist and terrorist groups. However it has always been cleared from these accusations of support to terrorism by the United Nations.
In June 2012 when Northern Mali was taken over by Islamists, Qatar Red Crescent was the only humanitarian organization that was granted access to the territory by the Islamists. In August 2014, the QRC raised more than $10 million at an event where the primary speaker was Hussam Badran, a Hamas leader who once supported bombing attacks in Tel Aviv. Qatar Red Crescent is not the only Qatari charitable organization accused of ties to extremism. Qatar Charity and the Sheikh Eid Bin Mohammad Al Thani Charity Association have also both been allegedly connected to terrorist groups, although the United Nations publicly rejected these assertions and subsequently co-organized in 2017 high-profile activities with these relief organizations. None of the Qatari humanitarian organizations has ever been listed on the UN terror list established and maintained pursuant to Security Council res. 1267/1989/2253.
Organization
The leadership of QRC includes the following individuals:
Chairman of the Board/President: Dr. Mohammed Bin Ghanim A. Al-Ali Almaadid
Secretary General: Saleh Ali Al-Muhanadi
Acting Director of Finance and Investment: Mohamed Mohiy Khalifa
Director of Human Resources and Admin Services: Nayef Faisal S. Almohannadi
Director of Medical Affairs: Dr. Hassan Alyafi
Director of Organizational Development: Muhammad Mujahid
Director of Public Communications Department: Rajaa Saleh
Director of Resource Mobilization: Saad Shaheen Al-Kaabi
Director of Social Development: Rashid Saad Almohanadi
Head of International Relations: Fawzi Oussedik
Head of Volunteering: Najat Abdrhman Al-Haidous
References
External links
Official website
Qatar Red Crescent Society - IFRC
Official Red Cross Web Site
Red Cross and Red Crescent national societies
Organizations established in 1978
1978 establishments in Qatar
Medical and health organisations based in Qatar
The Kronenburgerpark is a park in the center of Nijmegen. It is close to the Central Railway Station and the Lange Hezelstraat. Where the park touches the Parkweg are the remains of the medieval walls with the Kruittoren (powder tower) (built around 1425).
History
After Nijmegen lost the status of fortified town in the Vestingwet (Constitution) (1874), the demolition of the fortifications started in 1876 and plans were made for the Explanation or expansion of the city. In 1880, the Utrecht garden architect Hendrik Copijn presented their plan for a city park to the west of the old town, where the entire city wall would be demolished. This plan did not make it. The garden and landscape architect Liévin Rosseels from Leuven came in 1881 with a new design that was approved. They laid the Kronenburgerpark in 1881–82 just outside the old city walls, between the Parkweg and the new Kronenburgersingel. They were advised in this by builder Pierre Cuypers, who restored the Powder Tower from 1878 to 1883 and put a major stamp on the decision to keep the city wall and to take it into the park.
In the park there is a limestone statue of the Lion, which was donated in 1886 by the Nijmegen embellishment association. The design came from the hand of Henri Leeuw sr. And their son Henri Leeuw jr.
The park, sung in a song by Frank Boeijen under the title "Kronenburg Park" (1985), was known as a hangout for prostitutes and drug addicts. After a radical reorganization, the park was given the appearance in 2005 of a quiet, modern city park.
Situation
Down in the park there is a pond, consisting of two parts separated by a bridge. At the top of the park there is a small playground for young children and a petting zoo. Fallow deer, land goats, peacocks and chickens are the permanent residents here. In addition there are also animals, especially in the summer. In 2012, for example, two donkeys could be admired, and in 2013 a small herd of ouessens.
National monument
The Kronenburgerpark is a national monument and bears number 522957.
Gallery
See also
Battle of Nijmegen
External links
Frank Boeijen Groep - Kronenburg Park (1985)
References
Urban public parks
Nijmegen
Teri Meri Kahani (Urdu: تیری میری کہانی) is a 2021 Pakistani romantic comedy television film produced by Abdullah Kadwani and Asad Qureshi under their production house 7th Sky Entertainment and was premiered on Geo Entertainment. It was written by Saima Akram Chaudhry and directed by Aeshun Talish. Teri Meri Kahani marked the debut of Haroon Kadwani in the lead role along with Sehar Khan, Bushra Ansari, Usmaan Peerzada and Jawed Sheikh.
The television film premiered on 3 April 2021 in Pakistan on Geo TV. The telefilm received countrywide praising for its direction, writing, location, cast and cinematography.
Soundtrack
Teri Meri Kahani consisted of two original soundtracks called Parchai and Mere Khuda. Parchai is composed and performed by the talented Wajhi Farooki while the lyrics are also written by them along with Honey. Mere Khuda is composed and performed by Shani Arshad while the lyrics are penned down by Sabir Zafar. Both the osts are available on Spotify, Saavn, iTunes, Amazon Music, Gaana and many other similar music streaming platforms. Both the OSTs gained positive reaction and have garnered 1 million views on YouTube as of June 2021 since its release.
Track listing
Following is the listing of complete soundtracks of Teri Meri Kahani.
Reception
With its release on 3 April 2021, Teri Meri Kahani was able to get 60 GRPS, the highest amongst its competitors. The film was praised for its acting, storyline, direction, music and production.
Digital media
After the film run on television, Teri Meri Kahani was made available to public through YouTube on Har Pal Geo's official channel. The film garnered six million views within the first week on YouTube.
References
External links
Watch on YouTube
2021 films
2021 television films
2021 romantic comedy films
Pakistani television films
2020s Urdu-language films
Pakistani romantic comedy films
The Mining Heritage Trust of Ireland Ltd was a voluntary, not for profit organization to celebrate and promote awareness, appreciation and conservation of remains of what is arguably Ireland's oldest industry. This is an industry which commenced more than 7000 years ago during the Stone Age, and which has, right up to the present day, played an intimate and pivotal role in the evolution of human society, culture and economic activity in Ireland - a contribution most eloquently attested in the names given to the earliest phases of human cultural and societal evolution - the Stone, Copper, Bronze and Iron Ages.
The Trust undertook a range of activities throughout its existence; including field meetings, workshops and lectures and the recording of extant mining remains. It published a newsletter and an annual journal, The Journal of the Mining Heritage Trust of Ireland (ISSN 1649-0908). The Trust was wound-up in 2019.
External links
Non-profit organisations based in the Republic of Ireland
Cultural heritage of Ireland
Andreas Antonakopoulos (; born 15 March 1997) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a striker.
References
1997 births
Living people
Greek footballers
Football League (Greece) players
Super League Greece 2 players
Panachaiki F.C. players
Association football forwards
Nicolò Corradini (1585? in Cremona – 7 August 1646), was an Italian composer and organist of the early Baroque.
Life
Corradini was a disciple of their predecessor Omobono Morsolino. They served as the organist to the Cremona Cathedral. Tarquinio Merula shaped the music scene in their hometown. In 1622 they directed the musical performances at the Accademia degli Animosi with a local noble who launched the institution. In 1635 they became kapellmeister for Merula as "maestro di Cappella delle Laudi".
Works
Alcuni concertati con instromenti, Book 1 - a collection of motets. (Venice, 1613)
Ricercari a 4 (Venice, 1615)
Madrigali, con sinfonie de viole (Venice, 1620)
Primo libro de Canzoni Francese a 4 & alcune Suonate (Venice, 1624)
References
Italian Baroque composers
Italian male classical composers
Italian classical organists
Male classical organists
1580s births
1646 deaths
17th-century Italian composers
17th-century male musicians
Nikola Jovović () (born 13 February 1992) is a Serbian volleyball player.  They are part of the Serbian national team, 2019 European Champion and 2016 World League winner. At the professional club level, they play for the Russian team, Dynamo LO.
Career
National team
On 19 July 2015, the Serbian national volleyball team, including Jovović, made it to the final of the 2015 World League, and eventually won silver medals, losing to France (0–3).
Sporting achievements
Clubs
National championships
2009/2010 Serbian Cup, with Vojvodina Novi Sad
2011/2012 German Cup, with VfB Friedrichshafen
2013/2014 German Cup, with VfB Friedrichshafen
Youth national team
2009 CEV U19 European Championship
2009 FIVB U19 World Championship
2013 FIVB U23 World Championship
Individual awards
2009: CEV U19 European Championship – Best Setter
2013: CEV European Championship – Fair Play Award
References
External links
Player profile at LegaVolley.it
Player profile at Volleybox.net
Living people
1992 births
Sportspeople from Novi Sad
Serbian men's volleyball players
European champions for Serbia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Germany
Expatriate volleyball players in Germany
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Italy
Expatriate volleyball players in Italy
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Turkey
Expatriate volleyball players in Turkey
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in Russia
Expatriate volleyball players in Russia
Serbian expatriate sportspeople in France
Expatriate volleyball players in France
Arkas Spor volleyball players
Ziraat Bankası volleyball players
Ural Ufa volleyball players
Setters (volleyball)
The Major League Baseball (MLB) leaders in runs batted in (RBI) in one inning are topped by record holder Fernando Tatís, then with the St. Louis Cardinals, who set the MLB record with eight RBIs in a 1999 game in which they hit two grand slams in the third inning of a game against the Los Angeles Dodgers. Alex Rodriguez set the American League mark, with seven RBIs in the sixth inning of the New York Yankees' final game of the 2009 season, played against the Tampa Bay Rays.
Under Major League Baseball rule 10.04, a batter is credited with a Run Batted In during most circumstances where the batter's action at bat causes one or more runs to score, as set forth in this Rule 10.04 As the most RBI that can be scored in a single at bat is four (with a grand slam, in which a home run is hit with the bases loaded), scoring five or more RBIs in a single inning requires at least two at bats with runs batted in during each at bat in that one inning, all of which combines to make this an extremely rare occurrence.
Since 1900, there have been 22 different players who have hit six or more RBIs in a single inning. In 1911, Fred Merkle of the New York Giants became the first player in the modern era with six RBIs in an inning and Bob Johnson became the first AL player to match the number when they did so in 1937.
All of the teams with a player with six or more RBIs in an inning have won the game, usually in a blowout, though two of the games ended up with a two-run margin of victory: The Montreal Expos defeating the Chicago Cubs 17–15 in 1985 behind Andre Dawson, and the Boston Red Sox by a score of 19–17 over the Texas Rangers with David Ortiz providing six RBIs in the first inning. The feat has been accomplished three times each by players on the Red Sox and Yankees. The Washington Senators / Minnesota Twins franchise has allowed a player to knock in six RBIs in an inning on three occasions. Griffith Stadium, the home of the Senators, was the site of three games where a player had six RBIs in an inning. A batter has knocked in six RBIs in an inning in all but the eighth inning, and never in extra innings, with five players doing so in the first inning.
Record holders
Tatís accomplished their major league baseball record in a game played by the St. Louis Cardinals on April 23, 1999, against the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium. Dodger starting pitcher Chan Ho Park entered the game's third inning with a 2–0 lead, but would implode in that frame, giving up a total of 11 runs (six of them earned) on six hits, an error and 48 pitches in the inning before being relieved by Carlos Pérez who was able to get the third out of the inning on three pitches. With no outs, Park loaded the bases on two singles and a walk before Tatís hit a grand slam to deep left field on a 2–0 count. Three more runs scored before Tatís would again come to the plate with the bases loaded, belting their second grand slam with two outs and a full count, to give Tatís the MLB record for most RBI in an inning and becoming the only MLB player to have hit two grand slams in a single inning.
Alex Rodriguez set the American League mark in a 10–2 victory by the Yankees over the Rays at Tropicana Field on the final day of the 2009 season. Rodriguez entered the game with 28 home runs and 93 RBI, leaving them likely to come up short in their bid for a 13th consecutive season of 30 home runs and 100 RBI. In the sixth inning, Rodriguez came to bat with two base runners after Johnny Damon led off with a double and Mark Teixeira walked. On the first pitch of theirs at bat, Rodriguez hit a home run off of Wade Davis to deep left field, scoring three runs. The Rays brought in Andy Sonnanstine to replace Davis and Rodriguez came to bat for the second time in the inning with three more runs having scored and the bases loaded after an intentional walk to Teixeira. With two outs and a count of 0–1, Rodriguez hit a grand slam to deep right center, giving them seven RBIs for the inning to set the American League mark and setting an MLB record with their 13th consecutive season with 30 home runs and 100 RBI, breaking a tie of 12 seasons in a row with Jimmie Foxx, as well as with Manny Ramirez, who had 12 seasons non-consecutively. The 10 runs scored in the inning on six hits and a walk were the only runs the Yankees scored in the game.
Earlier record holders
Fred Merkle of the Giants was the first to accomplish the feat of knocking in six runs in one inning in the modern, post-1900 era. They did this on May 13, 1911, in a game against the Cardinals played at Manhattan's Hilltop Park. Cardinal starting pitcher Slim Sallee had already given up three hits and a walk and was replaced by Bob Harmon when Merkle came to bat for the first time in the inning with runners on first and third, hitting an inside-the-park home run that scored three runs. For their second at bat, Merkle faced Lou Lowdermilk, the third Cardinal pitcher of the inning, with the bases loaded. Merkle hit a double to knock in three more base runners. After Al Bridwell singled them to third, Merkle scored on a double steal.
Though the Athletics had already been eliminated from the pennant race, they came out "with a vengeance", scoring 12 runs in the first inning of a doubleheader against the Chicago White Sox at Comiskey Park, breaking a record for runs in the first inning of 11 that had been set by the Red Sox on August 13, 1933. Bob Johnson was 5 for 6 with two home runs and 7 RBI, with the six RBI they knocked in during the first inning outburst setting a new American League record. In the first inning, they singled to knock in two runs on their first at bat and hit a grand slam in their second plate appearance to reach six RBIs for the inning. Though the Athletics won the first game by a score of 19–0, they dropped game two by a score of 5–3.
After dropping the first game of a doubleheader to the Washington Senators at Griffith Stadium by a score of 4–0, the Red Sox came back to win the second game by a score of 15–4. In the second game, Tom McBride of the Red Sox came up twice in the fourth inning, clearing the bases in both at bats with a double and then a triple, yielding six runs to tie the record.
As part of a 12-run sixth inning, the Philadelphia Athletics scored a 16–5 win over the Washington Senators in a game played at Griffith Stadium. Joe Astroth went 3 for 5 in the game and tied the major league record for one inning, hitting a grand slam home run and a single to knock in another two runs.
List of players with six or more RBIs in one inning
23 players have knocked in six or more RBIs in a single inning in MLB play since 1900. Though the current official designation of a Run Batted In was not officially set until 1920, the six RBI knocked in by Fred Merkle for the Giants in 1911 have been counted retrospectively using the modern definition of the statistic.
References
Major League Baseball records
The second USS Sampson (DD-394) was a Somers-class destroyer in the United States Navy. They were named of William Thomas Sampson a rear admiral known for their victory in the Battle of Santiago de Cuba during the Spanish–American War.
Sampson was laid down on 8 April 1936 by Bath Iron Works, Bath, Maine, launched on 16 April 1938, sponsored by Mrs Louisa Smith Thayer, commissioned at the Boston Navy Yard on 19 August 1938.
Pre-War
Following shakedown in European waters in October and November, Sampson returned to Boston, Massachusetts where they were assigned to the Battle Force of the United States Fleet.
Sampson sailed from Boston on 8 March 1939 to take part in combined fleet maneuvers off Cuba and Puerto Rico. They returned from this duty to Yorktown, Virginia, on 12 April and stood out from Hampton Roads on 20 April and headed for the United States west coast. They arrived at San Diego, California on 12 May 1939 and spent the next year training in fleet tactics along the western seaboard, taking part in the combined battle practice and maneuvers of the Battle Force off the Hawaiian Islands from 1 April to 20 June 1940. They cleared San Diego on 5 July to base their operations from Norfolk, Virginia arriving on the 20th. They then cruised through the Caribbean Sea, from 14 November to 15 December, transporting a government mission which was compiling an economic survey of the British West Indies.
Sampson then continued operations out of Norfolk, engaged in Neutrality Patrol along the eastern seaboard to various ports of the Caribbean Sea, steaming as far north as Placentia Bay, Newfoundland. On 3 September 1941, they got underway from Boston Harbor to escort convoys and to search for enemy submarines in shipping lanes running from Newfoundland to Iceland. They arrived at Hvalfjordur, Iceland, on 16 September and cleared that port on 23 October in the escort screen of a merchant convoy that reached Boston on 4 November.
Pre-war convoys escorted
World War II
With the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor and the subsequent United States declaration of war, Sampson patrolled, with Warrington (DD-383), off Newport, Rhode Island from 23 December 1941 to 12 January 1942 when the two destroyers set course for the Panama Canal Zone. Sampson arrived at Balboa on 17 January to join the Southeast Pacific Forces based there. They took part in the search, from 25 to 29 January, to locate submarine S-26 (SS-131) which had been sunk on the night of 24 January after a surface collision with , 12 miles west of Isla San José in Panama Bay.
On 1 February, they sailed from Balboa in the escort for twelve troopships. On 12 February, they broke off from the convoy to inspect the Marquesas Islands. They arrived at Bora Bora, Society Islands, on 18 February and patrolled a station off Teavanui Harbor until 9 March when they set course, in company with cruiser Trenton, for Panama and reached Balboa on 23 March. Sampson spent the next year in a series of coastal patrol sweeps from Balboa to waters off South America, making calls at such ports as Guayaquil, Ecuador; Valparaiso, Chile; and Callao, Peru. They varied this service with escort voyages from Balboa to the Society and Galapagos Islands.
Sampson returned from their last cruise along the South American coast to Balboa, on 7 May 1943 and cleared port on 23 May as one of the escorts for a troopship convoy which reached Noumea, New Caledonia, on 13 June. The next day, they sailed for Bora Bora, Society Islands and returned to Nouméa with a convoy of troopships on 8 July. Two days later, they set course for a point of rendezvous off Pago Pago, American Samoa, meeting up with the destroyer Warrington, then proceeded to Pearl Harbor arriving on the 20th.
On 27 July, the two destroyers cleared Pearl Harbor escorting four Army troopships bound for Australia and reached Sydney on 8 August. They got underway the next day and arrived at Nouméa, New Caledonia, on 12 August 1943. During the following months, Sampson alternately based their operations at Nouméa and Espiritu Santo, New Hebrides Islands making escort voyages to Guadalcanal, or Purvis Bay, Florida, Solomon Islands. On the night of 2 and 3 October, while escorting a convoy from Nouméa to Espiritu Santo, they fired at an enemy submarine and after the vessel submerged, dropped depth charges.
1944
On 15 March 1944, Sampson cleared Espiritu Santo as one of four destroyers screening the escort carriers, Natoma Bay (CVE-62) and Manila Bay (CVE-61). Later that day, four battleships and more destroyers joined the formation. This force struck Kavieng, New Ireland and nearby airfields in an air and sea bombardment on 20 March while the 4th Marine Regiment made an unopposed landing to occupy Emirau Island, a base from which the north coast of New Ireland could be kept under surveillance. After guarding the escort carriers while they launched strikes against Kavieng and providing air cover for reinforcement convoys to Emirau, Sampson joined a convoy at Port Purvis on Florida Island, in the Solomons and escorted it to Espiritu Santo. On 11 April, they received the armed guard crew from the merchant ship, Titan, stranded on Cook Reef and transferred them to Celtic in Port Havannah, Efate, New Hebrides.
Sampson cleared Port Havannah on 17 April and after escorting Ataseosa to Kukum Beach, arrived off of Guadalcanal on the 20th, joining troopships which reached Borgen Bay, New Britain Island, on 25 April. After guarding one more convoy shuttling troops between Guadalcanal and Borgen Bay, they steamed to Milne Bay, New Guinea, where they arrived on 11 May.
There they joined the 7th Fleet and, while at Cape Sudest, New Guinea, on 20 May, became the flagship of Rear Admiral W. M. Fechteler, Commander, Task Force 77. They shifted to Humboldt Bay, Hollandia, New Guinea, on 22 May. Three days later, Major General Horace H. Fuller, the commander of the 41st United States Army Division, came on board Sampson with their staff. Rear Admiral Fechteler commanded the naval elements and the amphibious aspects of the landing to be made at on Biak Island, Schouten Islands, while Major General Fuller directed the ground forces. The task force sailed that evening and Sampson arrived with their attack force before daybreak of 27 May.
Following naval bombardment, the first wave of troops landed. The cruisers shelled the Japanese airstrip to the west of the beachhead while the destroyers attacked targets near the landing area.
In the late afternoon of 27 May, four twin-engined Japanese aircraft were seen and engaged by anti-aircraft guns, both on ship and ashore. Two were claimed destroyed and one flew off smoking. The pilot of a fourth aircraft attempted to crash into Sampson when anti-aircraft fire shot off a part of its wing. This raider passed over Sampson'''s bridge hit the water and was thrown into the submarine chaser SC-699 causing a fire and some damage. At 1707, Sampson departed with eight LST's and several other ships and arrived in Humboldt Bay the next day.Sampson got underway from Cape Sudest on 5 June for Cristobal, in the Canal Zone, where they reported for duty to the United States Atlantic Fleet on 25 June. Three days later, they sailed as the escort for troopship, General Tasker H. Bliss, and arrived at the New York Navy Yard on 4 July. They became flagship of Capt. H. T. Read, Commander, Task Force 63, on 19 July and shifted to Hampton Roads, on 21 July in preparation for transatlantic, convoy-escort duty. Three days later, they sailed as flagship of the escort for Convoy UGS-49 which reached Bizerte, Tunisia, on 13 August. They returned to New York, guarding a westward convoy, on 8 September 1944 and made four subsequent round trips to the Mediterranean, finally arriving at Boston on 19 May 1945.
1945Sampson remained in the Boston Navy Yard until 1 July when they sailed for the Chesapeake. They arrived at Annapolis, Maryland, on 3 July to embark midshipmen for a training cruise and put to sea on the 7th with a task group for battle practice off Cuba, Puerto Rico and the Virginia Capes until 30 July when they arrived at Hampton Roads. They again sailed from Norfolk on 19 August for training operations out of Guantanamo Bay and returned from this cruise to the Philadelphia Naval Shipyard on 16 September for inactivation overhaul.
They were decommissioned on 1 November 1945, struck from the Navy list on 28 November and sold for scrap on 29 March 1946.
HonorsSampson'' earned one battle star for World War II service.
See also
List of United States Navy destroyers
References
External links
navsource.org: DD-394 USS Sampson
hazegray.org: USS Sampson DD-394
Somers-class destroyers
World War II destroyers of the United States
Ships built in Bath, Maine
1938 ships
Cefn Glas is an area on the northwestern outskirts of the town of Bridgend, Wales. It is part of the community of Laleston.
In the 2001 Census, Cefn Glas had a population of 1,742 people, making up 1.35% of Bridgend's total population. This population reduced to 1,537 at the 2011 Census.
Ysgol Gyfun Bryntirion (Bryntyrion Comprehensive School) is located on Merlin Crescent.
Cefn Glas is also the name of the electoral ward to Bridgend County Borough Council, since 1999 electing one county councillor. The ward is bordered to the north and east by the mainline railway and to the west by Nant Cefn.
References
External links
www.geograph.co.uk : photos of Cefn Glas and surrounding area
Bridgend
Wards of Bridgend County Borough
Ing, ING or ing may refer to:
Art and media
...ing, a 2003 Korean film
i.n.g, a Taiwanese girl group
The Ing, a race of dark creatures in the 2004 video game Metroid Prime 2: Echoes
"Ing", the first song on The Roches' 1992 album A Dove
In old Germanic history
Ing, form of the Germanic god name Yngvi
Ingwaz rune, also known as Ing in Old English, a runic symbol possibly referring to Yngvi
Go game
Ing Cup, an international Go tournament sponsored by the Ing Foundation (founded by Ing Chang-ki)
Ing Prize, an incentive for research in computer Go
Ing rules, a ruleset of Go
People
Ing (surname), a medieval English surname, of Norse-Viking origins
Ing Chang-ki (1914–1997), Taiwanese industrialist, philanthropist and founder of the Ing Foundation
Ing Yoe Tan (born 1948), Dutch lawmaker of Chinese descent, member of the Senate for the Labour Party (PvdA) since 1998
Other uses
Ing., abbreviation for the Engineer's degree awarded in many countries by technical universities or polytechnics
ING, Inactive National Guard of the U.S. Army
Index Nominum Genericorum, an index of all published generic names of plants covered by the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature
ING Group, a Dutch financial institution with operations worldwide
Ing River, a tributary of the Mekong
ING Unsung Heroes, a grant program for Kindergarten through 12th grade educators in the United States
Instituut voor Nederlandse Geschiedenis, Institute of Dutch History
Isaac Newton Group of Telescopes, in La Palma, Canary Islands
See also
-ing, an English suffix
Ings (disambiguation)
András Takács (3 July 1945 – 12 May 2015) was a Hungarian cyclist. They competed at the 1968, 1972 and 1980 Summer Olympics.
References
External links
1945 births
2015 deaths
Hungarian male cyclists
Hungarian male speed skaters
Olympic cyclists of Hungary
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1972 Summer Olympics
Cyclists at the 1980 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Budapest
The Senior women's race at the 1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Durham, United Kingdom, at the University of Durham on March 25, 1995. A report on the event was given in The New York Times and in the Herald.
Complete results, medallists,
and the results of British athletes were published.
Race results
Senior women's race (6.47 km)
Individual
Teams
Note: Athletes in parentheses did not score for the team result
Participation
An unofficial count yields the participation of 135 athletes from 39 countries in the Senior women's race. This is in agreement with the official numbers as published.
(5)
(1)
(4)
(5)
(5)
(3)
(1)
(4)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(4)
(6)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(1)
(2)
(1)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(6)
(6)
(1)
(4)
(6)
(6)
(1)
See also
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Senior men's race
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior men's race
1995 IAAF World Cross Country Championships – Junior women's race
References
Senior women's race at the World Athletics Cross Country Championships
IAAF World Cross Country Championships
1995 in women's athletics
The 2010 Xinfa aluminum plant protest (信发铝厂污染引抗议) occurred when the Chiping County, Shandong Xinfa aluminum & power group (山东信发铝电集团) began when villagers started complaining about pollution created by the factory. A protest broke out in one of the village in Guangxi, People's Republic of China.
Protest
According to an officer with the publicity department of the Chiping county government villagers have been unhappy for a long time due to the plant's aluminum pollution. Particularly the Zhuang people have complained. The event initially started on July 11, 2010.
More than 1,000 villagers marched on the streets in Jingxi County of Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. On July 13, almost all the residents in Lingwan village were involved in blocking the road to Jingxi county. Some villagers threw stones at the police. One government official was hit by stones and sent to the hospital. They also obstructed the plant gate and damaged some production facilities. After the clash 3 people were killed, 18 were wounded. About 1000 police officers were on the scene to control the situation.
References
Protests in China
2010 in China
Xinfa aluminum plant
Environmental protests in China
History of Guangxi
2010 in the environment
July 2010 events in China
Marco Carparelli (born 4 June 1976 in Finale Ligure) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Pietra Ligure.
Career
Player
Carparelli started their career at Vado of Serie D. They then transferred to Sampdoria, and made their Serie A debut on 21 September 1996, A.S. Roma 1-4 lose to Sampdoria, after spent a year at Serie B for Chievo. They then played for Torino (Serie B) and Empoli (Serie A). They joined Genoa of Serie B in summer 1999, and left for Empoli of Serie A again in January 2003.
They played for Empoli until January 2004, while they left for Como for their remain Serie B campaign, but Como finished the last in the table. Carparelli signed for Genoa again, also at Serie B. But they left on loan for A.C. Siena of Serie A in the first half of the season.
In summer 2005, they joined Cremonese, due to Genoa match fixing and relegated and followed to club to fall to Serie C1 in summer 2006.
In July 2007 joined to Serie B newcomer Grosseto and in October 2009 moved to Pisa until the end of the season 2011-12.
Since the summer 2012 they play for Pietra Ligure in Prima Categoria Liguria/A.
References
External links
gazzetta.it
1976 births
Living people
Italian footballers
Italy under-21 international footballers
U.C. Sampdoria players
A.C. ChievoVerona players
Torino F.C. players
Empoli F.C. players
Genoa C.F.C. players
Como 1907 players
A.C.N. Siena 1904 players
U.S. Cremonese players
F.C. Grosseto S.S.D. players
Pisa S.C. players
A.S. Cittadella players
F.C. Vado players
Serie A players
Serie B players
Serie C players
Serie D players
Association football forwards
Sportspeople from the Province of Savona
Footballers from Liguria
Bryan Allen may refer to:
Bryan Allen (hang glider) (born 1952), American hang glider pilot and bicyclist
Bryan Allen (ice hockey) (born 1980), Canadian hockey player
See also
Brian Allen (disambiguation)
Bryon Allen (born 1992), American basketball player
Bryn Allen (1921–2005), Welsh international footballer
Allen (surname)
Stylonurus is a genus of prehistoric eurypterid of the family Stylonuridae. The genus contains three species: Stylonurus powriensis from the Devonian of Scotland, Stylonurus shaffneri from the Devonian of Pennsylvania and Stylonurus perspicillum from the Devonian of Germany.
The assignment of S. perspicillum and S. shaffneri to the genus is doubtful. A previously assigned species, S. ensiformis, is today regarded as synonymous with S. powriensis.
Description
Stylonurids, which lived from the Ordovician to Lower Permian periods, were small to very large forms with scales developing into tubercules and knobs. The prosoma (head) exhibited variable shape, with arcuate compound eyes located subcentrally, or anteriorly. Their abdomens were slender. Their walking legs were long and powerful, sometimes characterized by spines. Most genera did not have swimming legs.
Stylonurus is distinguishable from other stylonurids by their smooth surface, and the greatly elongated 5th (last) pair of walking legs, which reached as far as the telson, which was long and styliform. The prosoma (head) varied from semiovate to subrectangular.
See also
List of eurypterids
References
Silurian eurypterids
Stylonuroidea
Devonian eurypterids
Prehistoric life of Europe
Fossil taxa described in 1856
Eurypterids of Europe
Eurypterids of North America
V. K. C. Mammed Koya is an Indian politician from Communist Party of India (Marxist), who was the Member of the Legislative Assembly representing Beypore constituency in Kozhikode district in the Kerala Legislative Assembly and was the mayor of Kozhikode corporation. They were also a previous Member of the Legislative Assembly representing Beypore constituency in Kozhikode district in the Kerala Legislative Assembly from the year 2001 to 2006.
V. K. C. Mammed Koya is the founder of VKC Group (VKC Footwear), a footwear company. With declared assets of more than ₹ 30 crore, they are the second richest MLA in Kerala legislative assembly.
Early career
They have been actively involved in social and political activities. They became the member of Communist Party of India (Marxist) in 1975.
In 1979, they were elected to the panchayath and was the President of Cheruvannur-Nallalam Gram panchayat until it was dissolved by the State Government in 1984. During the same time, they were the director of Feroke Service Co-operative Bank Limited and the President of the Coir Vyavasaya Sahakarana Samkham. They were also a member of the Calicut Development Authority for 5 years.
In the 1990s, they were elected to the newly constituted Kozhikode District Council by the State Government from the Cheruvannur Division and was the Chairman for the standing committee for Public works. In 1995 they contested the election to the Kozhikode Jilla Panchayath from the Feroke Division and was elected as the Vice President of the Jilla Panchayath. In 2000 again, they contested and won the Kozhikode Jilla Panchayath Election from the Beypore Division.
In 2001, they were elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly representing Beypore constituency in Kozhikode district in the Kerala Legislative Assembly.
On 18 November 2015, they were elected as the Mayor of Kozhikode.
They got elected to the Kerala Legislative Assembly in 2016 general elections, and had to resign their Mayor post. They were succeeded by Thottathil Raveendran, who was also a former mayor.
References
External links
V. K. C. Mammed Koya
Members of Kerala Legislative Assembly
VKC Group
Malayali politicians
Indian Muslims
People from Kozhikode district
Mayors of Kozhikode
Communist Party of India (Marxist) politicians from Kerala
Living people
Kerala MLAs 2016–2021
Year of birth missing (living people)
M Squad is an American crime drama television series that ran from 1957 to 1960 on NBC. It was produced by Lee Marvin's Latimer Productions and Revue Studios. Its main sponsor was the Pall Mall cigarette brand; Lee Marvin, the program's star, appeared in its commercials during many episodes. Alternate sponsors were General Electric (GE), Hazel Bishop and Bulova watches.
Synopsis
Set in Chicago, Illinois, the show starred Marvin as Detective Lieutenant Frank Ballinger, a member of "M Squad", a special unit of the Chicago Police, assisting other units in battling organized crime, corruption and violent crimes citywide. Paul Newlan co-starred as their boss, Captain Grey. Although Marvin had been appearing in feature films since 1951, it was this series that made them a star, and they later went on to an even bigger film career afterward. Nelson Case was the announcer. The popularity of M Squad was proven in the ratings wars by the NBC network choosing a Friday night time slot opposite Frank Sinatra's ABC variety show in the fall of 1957 and Phil Silvers' long running CBS comedy, Sgt. Bilko, in 1958. Both series were eventually cancelled.
Episodes
Guest stars
Roscoe Ates
Joanna Barnes
Charles Bronson
Mike Connors
Russ Conway
Walter Coy
Whitney Blake
Paul Burke
James Coburn
Francis De Sales
Angie Dickinson
Joe Flynn
Alan Hale, Jr.
Ron Hayes
Werner Klemperer
Robert Knapp
Tom Laughlin
Ruta Lee
DeForest Kelley
Nan Leslie
Dayton Lummis
Tyler McVey
Walter Maslow
Carole Mathews
Joyce Meadows
Sid Melton
John Mitchum
Ed Nelson
Leonard Nimoy
J. Pat O'Malley
Michael Pataki
Burt Reynolds
Don Rickles
Janice Rule
Barbara Stuart
Mary Treen
H. M. Wynant
Music
The theme music for the first season was composed by Stanley Wilson, who won the 1959 Grammy Award for the Best Soundtrack Album and Background Score from Motion Picture or Television. In the second and third seasons, the new theme was composed by Count Basie.
A soundtrack album, Music from M Squad, with liner notes by Lee Marvin, was released by RCA Victor Records in 1959 during the last season of the show.
Notes
In episode "The Jumper", an officer was depicted taking bribes. This prompted Richard J. Daley, the Mayor of Chicago at the time, to discourage motion picture and television location filming in Chicago for the rest of their administration (1955-1976). (He made an exception for the 1975 John Wayne film Brannigan, because of Daley's personal admiration for Wayne.) The Blues Brothers, released in 1980, marked the reversal of the policy under then-mayor Jane Byrne.
Lee Marvin as Lt. Frank Ballinger carried two Colt Cobra snub nosed revolvers, the lightweight variant of Colt's "Detective's Special" revolver, which was popular with detectives at the time. Lt. Ballinger was the first T.V. police detective, of any note, to carry a backup revolver. The second Cobra revolver was carried in a more concealed position than the other.
A novel was published in 1962, M Squad: The Chicago Cop Killer, by David Saunders. It was published by Belmont Books, New York.
Home media
Timeless Media Group released M Squad: The Complete Series on DVD in the Region 1 on November 11, 2008. This release has been discontinued and is out of print.
On November 4, 2014, Timeless Media re-released the complete series on DVD in a new 16-disc special edition collection that contains an entire disc of bonus content.
See also
Police Squad!
References
External links
1957 American television series debuts
1960 American television series endings
1950s American crime drama television series
1960s American crime drama television series
Black-and-white American television shows
Fictional portrayals of the Chicago Police Department
NBC original programming
Television series by Universal Television
Television shows set in Chicago
Kimberley Leggett (born 23 March 1993) is a Malaysian British beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Malaysia 2012. They represented Malaysia at Miss Universe 2012.
Personal life
Leggett was born and raised in Tanjung Bungah, Penang, Malaysia to Jillian Estrop and Stephen Leggett.  They are of Eurasian (British–Serani) descent.  They are fluent in English, Malay and French as well as understands Hokkien and Cantonese.
They attended St. Christopher International Primary School and later went on to The International School of Penang (Uplands). They graduated with a bachelor's degree in Media Communications and Screen Studies from University of Melbourne, Australia in 2016.
Miss Universe Pageant
Miss Universe Malaysia 2012
Leggett was crowned Miss Universe Malaysia 2012 on 10 November 2011 at the Sunway Pyramid Convention Centre by Deborah Priya Henry. They also won some subsidiary titles which are Miss Photogenic, Best Bikini Body, and Nestle Fitnesse Award. As the winner, they were chosen to be the ambassadress for WWF Malaysia, Relay for Life and the Malaysian Nature Society amongst others. They worked as a model for various print ads, commercials and fashion shows and most notably appeared on the covers of NewMan Magazine, 260 Celsius and Shape Malaysia. In 2012, Leggett also worked as an emcee and hosted several shows for Malaysian International Fashion Week.
Miss Universe 2012
They participated in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant on 19 December which was held in Las Vegas, United States. Although they were considered as a front runner by many pageant portals, they failed to secure a place in the Top 16.
Post-Miss Universe 2012
Hosting
Leggett co-hosted the Gala Night dinner of Miss Universe Malaysia 2018 alongside actor, Stephen Rahman-Hughes.
Other ventures
Leggett is currently focusing on a career as a personal trainer and nutrition coach after getting both their Certificate in Fitness and Precision Nutrition. They hope to take up Physiotherapy in order to complement their practice in the fitness line. They have been a regular attendee of the Australian Health & Fitness Expo and has featured alongside The Biggest Loser Australia's Commando Steve in Women's Health & Fitness Magazine in 2015.
References
External links
Living people
Malaysian beauty pageant winners
Malaysian female models
Malaysian people of British descent
Malaysian people of English descent
Miss Universe 2012 contestants
Malaysian people of Portuguese descent
Malaysian people of Kristang descent
Kristang people
1993 births
People from Penang
Miss Universe Malaysia
Joshua Coleman, known by their stage name Ammo, is an American record producer and songwriter. They have co-written and produced songs for Beyoncé, Kesha, Katy Perry, Pitbull, Maroon 5, Britney Spears, Jessie J, Jason Derulo, Mike Posner, Fifth Harmony, R. Kelly, Flo Rida, and Selena Gomez. Ammo has contributed to hits such as Maroon 5's "Sugar", Katy Perry's "E.T.", and Fifth Harmony's "Work from Home". They started working with Dr Luke in 2009, after signing with their production company Prescription Songs.
Selected discography
References
External links
Living people
African-American record producers
Songwriters from Maryland
Musicians from Baltimore
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century African-American people
Akhmerovo () is a rural locality (a village) in Starokuruchevsky Selsoviet, Bakalinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 41 as of 2010. There is 1 street.
Geography
Akhmerovo is located 27 km southeast of Bakaly (the district's administrative centre) by road. Novokuruchevo is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Bakalinsky District
Debabrata Barua Paul (born 28 January 1978 in Kishoreganj District, Dhaka) is a Bangladeshi former first-class cricketer active 2001–2003 who played for Chittagong Division and Barisal Division. They were a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-fast bowler.
References
1978 births
Bangladeshi Hindus
Living people
Bangladeshi cricketers
Chittagong Division cricketers
Barisal Division cricketers
Diaphoroplax is a genus of chitons in the family Mopaliidae. It is considered a synonym of Plaxiphora Gray, 1847.
Species
Diaphoroplax biramosus (Quoy and Gaimard)
References
Powell A. W. B., New Zealand Mollusca, William Collins Publishers Ltd, Auckland, New Zealand 1979
Mopaliidae
Suki Dakara may refer to:
"Suki Dakara" (Becky song)
"Suki Dakara" (Beni song)
The Atlas 100 (formerly the Allen Crowe 100) is an ARCA Racing Series stock car race held annually on the Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack during the Illinois State Fair.
Allen Crowe
Born November 12, 1928, in Springfield, Illinois, Allen Crowe died in New Bremen, Ohio, on June 2, 1963, from injuries sustained in a Sprint Car race at New Bremen Speedway.
Allen cut their teeth at the now-defunct Springfield Speedway. They started in Stock cars and moved up fast. They soon became a first class racer, winning the Missouri-Illinois stock car title. They began racing in the USAC Championship Car Series, racing in the 1961 through 1963 seasons with 15 starts, including the 1962 and 1963 Indianapolis 500 races. They finished in the top ten six times, with their best finish of 5th in 1962 at Syracuse.
Race history
The first race was held August 25, 1963. That race was won by NASCAR driver Curtis Turner.
USAC era
USAC's Stock Car division sanctioned the race from the race's inception in 1963, until the series' demise in 1984.
1972's race was an odd occurrence, in that Al Unser won the USAC Stock car race on Saturday, and then won the USAC Championship Dirt Car race the following day. The feat has never been repeated in the years since.
Co-sanctioning
As USAC was downsizing its Stock car division, the 1983 and 1984 running of the Allen Crowe Memorial was co-sanctioned with ARCA.
ARCA era
ARCA took over as sole sanctioning body in 1985, with the race name having different variations during years when there was no sponsor title, such as "Allen Crowe Memorial", "Allen Crowe Memorial 100", "Allen Crowe Memorial ARCA 100", or simply "Allen Crowe 100". Beginning in 1989, the race was renamed the Coors Allen Crowe Memorial 100. In 1995, it took the name "Pabst Genuine Draft 100", then was known as the "Super Chevy Dealers 100" for 1996, before returning to the original name for 1997. From 1999 to 2001, the race was known as the "Par-A-Dice 100", due to a new sponsor agreement. The race reverted to the "Allen Crowe Memorial 100" (or a variation of) moniker in 2002 and kept it until being renamed the "SuperChevyStores.com 100" for 2014.
Race winners
1963 – 1982: USAC-sanctioned event
1983 – 1984: ARCA and USAC co-sanctioned event
1985 – present: ARCA-sanctioned event
† – Record for a 100-mile race.
§ - Because of inclement weather and track preparation, the race was run to a time limit as to allow other events at the Fairgrounds to start on time. Race start delayed to 1448 local time, and distance changed to one lap after 1559. Race further shortened by a red flag during the final lap caused by a crash. Race was red-flagged on Lap 76, but countback rule meant ARCA declared results official as of Lap 74.
References:
Tragedy
There have been no deaths in the race attributed to crashes; however, four-time Allen Crowe Memorial 100 winner Dean Roper, whose son Tony Roper was killed in a NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series race 10 months earlier, suffered a heart attack on lap 17 of the 2001 race. Roper's car slowed on the frontstretch, then hit the inside retaining wall. They were unconscious when medical help arrived and later pronounced dead at Springfield Memorial Hospital.
References
External links
ARCA Menards Series races
ARCA Menards Series
Motorsport in Illinois
Recurring sporting events established in 1963
1963 establishments in Illinois
Illinois State Fair
Annual sporting events in the United States
Livingston County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 35,815. Its county seat is Pontiac. Livingston County comprises the Pontiac, IL Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is combined with the Bloomington–Normal metropolitan statistical area as the Bloomington-Pontiac, IL Combined Statistical Area.
History
Livingston was established on February 27, 1837. It was formed from parts of McLean, LaSalle, and Iroquois counties, and named after Edward Livingston, a prominent politician who was mayor of New York City and represented New York in the United States House of Representatives and Louisiana in both houses of Congress. They later served as Andrew Jackson's Secretary of State and as Minister to France. Although they had no connections to Illinois, the General Assembly found them accomplished enough to name a county after him.
Geography
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water. It is the fourth-largest county in Illinois by land area.
Climate and weather
In recent years, average temperatures in the county seat of Pontiac have ranged from a low of in January to a high of in July, although a record low of was recorded in January 1927 and a record high of was recorded in July 1936. Average monthly precipitation ranged from in February to in June.
Major highways
Interstate 55
U.S. Highway 24
Illinois Route 17
Illinois Route 23
Illinois Route 47
Illinois Route 116
Adjacent counties
LaSalle County - northwest
Grundy County - north
Kankakee County - northeast
Ford County - southeast
McLean County - southwest
Woodford County - west
Demographics
As of the 2010 United States Census, there were 38,950 people, 14,613 households, and 9,741 families residing in the county. The population density was . There were 15,895 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the county was 91.8% white, 4.9% black or African American, 0.5% Asian, 0.2% American Indian, 1.3% from other races, and 1.3% from two or more races. Those of Hispanic or Latino origin made up 3.9% of the population. In terms of ancestry, 36.6% were German, 17.2% were Irish, 11.2% were American, 10.7% were English, and 5.1% were Italian.
Of the 14,613 households, 30.7% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 52.0% were married couples living together, 9.9% had a female householder with no husband present, 33.3% were non-families, and 28.6% of all households were made up of individuals. The average household size was 2.43 and the average family size was 2.98. The median age was 40.8 years.
The median income for a household in the county was $50,500 and the median income for a family was $60,933. Males had a median income of $44,639 versus $32,234 for females. The per capita income for the county was $23,259. About 9.1% of families and 11.0% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.4% of those under age 18 and 6.9% of those age 65 or over.
Communities
Cities
Fairbury
Pontiac
Streator
Town
Chatsworth
Villages
Campus
Cornell
Cullom
Dwight
Emington
Flanagan
Forrest
Long Point
Odell
Reddick
Saunemin
Strawn
Townships
Livingston County is divided into thirty townships:
Amity
Avoca
Belle Prairie
Broughton
Charlotte
Chatsworth
Dwight
Eppards Point
Esmen
Fayette
Forrest
Germanville
Indian Grove
Long Point
Nebraska
Nevada
Newtown
Odell
Owego
Pike
Pleasant Ridge
Pontiac
Reading
Rooks Creek
Round Grove
Saunemin
Sullivan
Sunbury
Union
Waldo
Unincorporated communities
Ancona
Blackstone
Blair
Budd
Cayuga
Charlotte
Graymont
Manville
Munster
Nevada
Government and infrastructure
The Illinois Department of Corrections operates two prisons in the county.
Pontiac Correctional Center is located in Pontiac. Pontiac houses the male death row. Prior to the January 11, 2003 commutation of death row sentences, male death row inmates were housed in Pontiac, Menard, and Tamms correctional centers. Dwight Correctional Center is within Nevada Township in an unincorporated area in the county.
The Dwight Correctional Center is currently unoccupied and was closed in 2013.
Politics
Although it was solidly Democratic before 1856, Livingston has since always been a powerfully Republican county. The solitary Democrat to win a majority of the county's vote since the Civil War has been Franklin D. Roosevelt in their 1932 landslide triumph over Herbert Hoover. Apart from that and the 1912 election when Woodrow Wilson won against a mortally divided Republican Party, Livingston has always voted Republican since that party was founded in 1856. Since 1940, only Lyndon Johnson in their 1964 landslide victory over the conservative Barry Goldwater has won more than forty percent of the county's vote.
Notable residents
Donald Attig, business person and adventurer.
Calistus Bruer, Illinois state representative and farmer
M. C. Eignus, Illinois state representative
Moira Harris, actor and wife of Gary Sinise.
William Harris, first President of the Illinois Senate.
Irene Hunt, Newbery Medal-winning author.
Francis Townsend, physician and political activist whose advocacy for an old age revolving pension influenced the creation of the U.S. Social Security program.
Skottie Young, comic book artist known for the Oz series. They were born and raised in Fairbury.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Livingston County, Illinois
References
Further reading
The History of Livingston County, Illinois: Containing a History of the County — Its Cities, Counties, Etc.; A Directory of Its Taxpayers; War Record of Its Volunteers in the Late Rebellion; Portraits of Early Settlers and Prominent Men; General and Local Statistics; Map of Livingston County; History of Illinois, Illustrated; History of the Northwest, Illustrated; Constitution of the United States; Miscellaneous Matters; Etc., Etc. Chicago: William LeBaron Jr. and Co., 1878.
Illinois counties
1837 establishments in Illinois
Populated places established in 1837
Roy Holt (1942–2007) was a British contemporary artist specialising in painting.
Born in Surrey and studied at the Royal Academy Schools and later at Goldsmiths College. Their work has been exhibited widely in museums and galleries in the UK, Europe, the US and China; has been shown twice at the John Moores and three times at the Young Contemporaries (now called New Contemporaries).
As well as working in their London Studio they were also a Principal Lecturer and Reader in Contemporary Fine Art Practice at Liverpool College of Art where they taught for four decades. They were a visiting lecturer at the Royal Academy Schools, the Royal College and on the Fine Art MA at Goldsmiths School of Art.
Holt's formal specialism was colour and they were a passionate disciple of Josef Albers. Their broader interest which informed their artwork and teaching, was based on the notion of 'Art as Folly'. Their art works are mainly walled–based installations often reflecting DIY culture which they saw as a rich source reflecting some of the latent desires and hopes in society.
They considered art objects as 'Objects of Speculation' in which they saw the role of the viewer as pivotal, challenging our rationalism (and insecurities) thus allowing us to speculate on a more wonderful universe.
In addition to their art practice they also wrote many critical texts, including 'Verbs Posing as Nouns' in 'Sigmar Polke: Back to Postmodernity' published by Tate Liverpool and Liverpool University Press.
They were also an original member of the Liverpool Art School band, Deaf School in the mid 1970s, playing their much loved instrument the banjo.
See also
British art
References
External links
Artist's official website: www.royholt.co.uk
exhibition at the Liver Buildings
20th-century English painters
English male painters
21st-century English painters
1942 births
2007 deaths
Academics of Liverpool College of Art
20th-century English male artists
21st-century English male artists
Robert Mandell is an American animated series and film writer, director and producer. Mandell headed New Frontier Productions/New Frontier Entertainment and Red Sky Entertainment.  They are now the head of the company Voyager.
Robert Mandell is best known as the creator, producer and co-writer of the 1986–1987 animated series The Adventures of the Galaxy Rangers (the "Collection1" edition of Galaxy Rangers features a 14-minute video interview with Mandell about their career as well as an audio commentary track). Later they created the 1995–1996 animated series Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders and wrote or co-wrote and directed its episodes. They were also a writer and executive producer for the American version of Thunderbirds 2086 (in association with Barry Gray) and an executive producer for The King and I and the Ace Ventura, Pet Detective animated TV series, among other credits.
As of 2011, Mandell has been the Chief Creative Officer and CEO of the company Red Sky Entertainment (a subsidiary of Blue Wave Entertainment), whose properties include Galaxy Rangers, Heavy Metal Pulp (a series of illustrated novels published by Tor in cooperation with Heavy Metal magazine) and the Avalon: Web of Magic novel series. Projects included producing a TV series based on Larry Niven's novel Ringworld, as well as a two-volume manga adaptation based on Ringworld, a film adaptation of the Avalon book series, and a re-imagined live action TV series based on the Galaxy Rangers.
References
External links
Year of birth missing (living people)
American film producers
American television directors
American television producers
American television writers
American male television writers
Living people
Christian August I, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg (4 August 1696 – 20 January 1754) was a son of Frederick William of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg, who was themselves a son of Ernest Günther.
They served as provost of the cathedral chapter in Hamburg. Later, they became governor of the Danish island Als, then General of the Infantry and Colonel of the royal guards in Denmark. In 1731, Christian August I succeeded their childless uncle Ernest August.
Marriage and issue
They married Frederikke Louise (1699–1744), the daughter of Count Christian Gyldenløve of Danneskiold-Samsøe. They had the following children:
Frederick Christian I
Emil August (1722–1786): Lieutenant General in the Danish army
Christian Ulrich (1723)
Sophie Charlotte (1725-1752)
Christine Ulrike (1727–1794)
Sofie Magdalene (1731–1799)
unnamed (1732)
Charlotte Amalie (1736–1815)
unnamed (1736)
Ancestry
References
Dansk biografisk Lexikon, Band III., p. 535f Digitalisat
Eduard Maria Oettinger, Moniteur des dates, p. 176, Digitalisat
Dukes of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Augustenburg
18th-century Danish military personnel
1696 births
1754 deaths
18th-century German people
The 1991–92 Los Angeles Kings season, was the Kings' 25th season in the National Hockey League. It saw the Kings finishing second in the Smythe Division with a record of 35–31–14. However, they were eliminated in the first round of the Stanley Cup Playoffs by the Edmonton Oilers in six games.
Offseason
In the Entry Draft, the Kings first pick, in the second round, was used to choose Guy Leveque from the Cornwall Royals of the Ontario Hockey League. Their first-round pick had been dealt to the Edmonton Oilers in the Wayne Gretzky trade.
Pre-Season
On September 27, 1991, the Kings played the New York Rangers in the first ever outdoor NHL game in Las Vegas, Nevada, at Caesars Palace. This was also the first NHL game in Las Vegas since 1968. The crowd on hand was 13,000 with the Kings beating the Rangers 5 to 2.
Regular season
Season standings
Schedule and results
Playoffs
The Kings lost in the Division Semi-finals to the Edmonton Oilers, four games to two.
Player statistics
Forwards
Note: GP = Games played; G = Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalties in minutes
Defensemen
Note: GP = Games played; G= Goals; A = Assists; Pts = Points; PIM = Penalty minutes
Goaltending
Note: GP = Games played; W = Wins; L = Losses; T = Ties; SO = Shutouts; GAA = Goals against average
Awards and records
Transactions
The Kings were involved in the following transactions during the 1991–92 season.
Trades
Free agents lost
Lost in expansion draft
Draft picks
Los Angeles's draft picks at the 1991 NHL Entry Draft held at the Buffalo Memorial Auditorium in Buffalo, New York.
See also
1991–92 NHL season
References
Kings on Hockey Database
Los Angeles Kings seasons
Los
Los
LA Kings
LA Kings
The second season of the Durarara!! anime series, titled Durarara!!×2, was directed by Takahiro Omori and produced by Shuka. The episodes are adapted from the light novel series Durarara!! by Ryōgo Narita and Suzuhito Yasuda. It continues from the events in the first television series Durarara!!, and is broken into three episode groups called "cours", or quarters of a year. The cours are subtitled , , and respectively. The first cour aired from January to March 2015; the second cour aired from July to September 2015; and the third cour aired from January to March 2016.
Crunchyroll has announced it would stream the series in North America, Central America, South America, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. Aniplex of America licensed the series and is streaming an English dub via Crunchyroll and Hulu. For the first cour, the opening theme is "Headhunt" by Okamoto's, and the ending theme is "Never Say Never" by Three Lights Down Kings. For the second cour, the opening theme is "Day You Laugh" by Toshiyuki Toyonaga, and the ending theme is "Exit" by Revalcy. For the final cour, the opening theme is "Steppin' Out" by FLOW, and the ending theme is "Joker ni Yoroshiku" by PENGUIN RESEARCH.
Episode list
References
Durarara!!
2015 Japanese television seasons
2016 Japanese television seasons
Döhlau is a municipality in Upper Franconia in the district of Hof in Bavaria in Germany. It lies on the Saale River.
References
Hof (district)
pl:Döhlau
Lakhanpur is a tehsil in Jharsuguda district, Odisha, India. It is one among the largest block of Odisha and a village under Brajrajnagar assembly constituency and Bargarh parliamentary constituency.
Geography
It is located at .
Location
National Highway 49 passes through Lakhanpur.
Places of interest
The Koilighugar Waterfall, around 200 ft in height, is in the Lakhanpur, near the village Kushmelbahal. The waterfall is in a rivulet named 'Ahiraj' which originates from the 'Chhuikhanch' forest. After the fall the rivulet flows west wards to merge into the river Mahanadi. It is a picturesque beauty spot with its sylvan backdrop.
Inside the fall there is a Shivalingam known as 'Maheswarnath'. The lingam is submerged in water and is not ordinarily visible. For the benefit of the pilgrims, another Sivalingam has been created outside the waterfall.
Koilighugar has an annual fair on the occasion of Sivaratri.
The second historical place is Bikramkhol
Vikramkhol also spelled Bikramkhol (Odia: ବିକ୍ରମଖୋଲ) is a prehistoric archaeological site located near Jharsuguda, Odisha state, India and lies in Reserved Forest of Belpahar range, at a distance of 24 km from Lakhanpur. The place is known for prehistoric rock art and rock inscriptions dated around 3000 BCE.
References
Cities and towns in Jharsuguda district
Ambrose Everett Burnside Stephens (June 3, 1862 – February 12, 1927) was an American politician who served four terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1919 to 1927.
Early life and career
Born in Crosby Township, Ohio, Stephens attended the public schools and Chickering's Institute of Cincinnati. They studied law, was admitted to the bar in 1902 and commenced practice in Cincinnati. They served as captain in the Ohio National Guard 1901–3 and colonel in 1910 and 1911. They served as clerk of the Hamilton County Courts 1911–17.
Congress
Stephens was elected as a Republican to the Sixty-sixth and to the three succeeding Congresses and served from March 4, 1919, until their death. They had been re-elected to the Seventieth Congress.
Death
They died in North Bend, Ohio, February 12, 1927. They were interred in Maple Grove Cemetery, Cleves, Ohio.
See also
List of United States Congress members who died in office (1900–49)
Sources
External links
1862 births
1927 deaths
People from Hamilton County, Ohio
National Guard (United States) officers
Ohio lawyers
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
The Xperia Play is a smartphone with elements of a handheld game console produced by Sony Ericsson. With the marketshare for dedicated handheld game consoles diminishing into the 2010s due to the rapid expansion of smartphones with cheap downloadable games, Sony attempted to tackle the issue with two separate devices; a dedicated video game console with elements of a smartphone, called the PlayStation Vita, and a smartphone with elements of a handheld console, the Xperia Play. Originally rumored to be a "PlayStation Phone", the device shed the "PlayStation" branding in favor of the Xperia brand, running on the Android operating system.
On February 13, 2011, at Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2011, it was announced that the device would be shipping globally in March 2011, with a launch lineup of around 50 software titles.
Hardware
The device is a horizontally sliding phone with its original form resembling the Xperia X10 while the slider below resembles the slider of the PSP Go. The slider features a D-pad in an indented area on the left side, a set of standard PlayStation buttons (, , and ) in an indented area on the right, a long rectangular touchpad in the middle, Start and Select buttons in an indented area on the bottom right corner, a Menu button on the bottom left corner, and two shoulder buttons (L and R) on the back of the device. The form has a long rectangular touchscreen, and four buttons below, for Back, Home, Menu, and Search. The device features a 1 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor, a Qualcomm Adreno 205 GPU, a TFT LCD display with a resolution of 854 × 480 (FWVGA) capable of 16,777,216 colors, a 5.1-megapixel camera, 512 MB RAM, 400 MB internal storage and a micro-USB connector. It supports microSD cards, in contrast to the PSP consoles, which use Memory Stick variants, and the PlayStation Vita, which uses a custom, proprietary flash storage medium.
Software
The device runs on the Android 2.3 "Gingerbread" operating system, with early prototypes running Android 2.2 "Froyo". The device is compatible with Android software downloaded from the Google Play Store, with some games featuring optimization for use with the device's additional gaming controls, including the video game streaming service OnLive.
PlayStation Mobile
The device is said to feature games graphically within the range of similar portable devices and plays these games via an application known as PlayStation Mobile. It changes the interface of the device from that of a phone to the XrossMediaBar, closely resembling that of the PlayStation Portable. A dedicated section in Google Play specifically for games for the system allowing users to download games on the go is also added. Titles shown off internally on the device include PSP games, such as God of War and LittleBigPlanet, as well as older PlayStation games; there were also plans for future games incorporating augmented reality similar to Invizimals. The prices of the games were expected to be under US$10, considerably lower than the PlayStation Portable's price range of less than US$40 per game.
History
Development
Rumors
Reports of a PlayStation smartphone have existed as early as 2006 when Sony Computer Entertainment filed a patent for a PlayStation Phone. Rumors of such a device resurfaced again in 2007 when a Sony Ericsson executive announced that they were developing a device for gaming, and plans to use the XrossMediaBar in its devices. In June 2007, head of Sony Computer Entertainment Europe, David Reeves, denied the existence of such a device saying that they had no knowledge of such a device being developed. During the 2007 Games Convention, Peter Ahnegard, an executive at Sony Ericsson, further fueled rumors of a PlayStation Phone, when asked about the device they said that "It's obviously something that we're looking at but right now I can't really comment".
In the early 2008, the official Sony Magazine reported that "a new PSP-style phone is apparently in development". In early 2009, it was reported that plans for a PlayStation Phone has been cancelled as Sony were unwilling to license the PlayStation brand to Sony Ericsson unless Sony would produce the handset independently. This subsequently prompted a fallout between Sony and Sony Ericsson. In May 2009, rumors of such a device arose once again when then head of Sony Ericsson, Hideki Komiyama, told the Financial Times in an interview that as part of their recovery plan for Sony Ericsson, they would like to combine the PlayStation brand with their phones similar to how they had created the Walkman and Cyber-shot lines of mobile phones. In June 2009, The Nikkei reported that Sony Ericsson were developing a "cellphone-game gear hybrid" as a competitor to Apple's iPhone, combining the functionality of a mobile phone and a handheld gaming device.
Images surface
In early 2010, the Wall Street Journal reported that Sony was getting ready to release a smartphone able to download and play video games. The first solid details about the phone came via Engadget in August 2010, reporting many leaked details about the device including that it runs Android, it is a sliding phone with a button configuration similar to the PSP Go, with some technical specifications. Pictures of the device were leaked to the internet when Engadget released pictures of a prototype running Android 2.2, a PSP Go like form factor with a touch pad and microSD card support. Several sites however, have questioned the legitimacy of the images of the device in question, though Engadget has rebuked these theories and shown their proven track record of leaked devices which include the iPad, 2010 MacBook Air and the Nexus One. More images of the device were released by Engadget on October 29, 2010 showing the device running Android 2.2 Froyo and showing its model as "Zeus", it adds that there are several of these devices in internal testing stages with at least one device running Android 2.3 Gingerbread. A video showing the device in the wild in Greece was leaked on December 1, 2010. It showed the device running Android 2.3, and reported that the device's final name would be the Sony Ericsson Z1 though this has not been confirmed by multiple sources.
Two days later, more videos were leaked. They were far clearer, showing the device clearly, with a "PlayStation" icon on the phone which displays a XrossMediaBar-themed interface when selected. On January 5, 2011, Engadget published more photos of what seems to be the final design for the device as it bears both the PlayStation and Xperia brands which weren't on the prototypes. The day after, several other clearer photos and videos of the device was leaked revealing what seems to be its final design, specs, and its benchmark score of 59.1 frames per second. On January 10, 2011, a video showing the device playing original PlayStation games was released. Though it is unclear whether the games were being played through official software or an emulator of the original PlayStation console. On January 12, 2011 a Chinese website released pictures of what looked like the device disassembled with the parts spread out and the casing removed.
Official announcement
On February 6, 2011, Sony Ericsson created an event for the Xperia Play on their Facebook page.
In late January or early February, a shortened version of an advert made for airing during the Super Bowl was leaked on several websites. On February 6, 2011, the device was officially announced with the broadcast of the version of this ad. On February 13, 2011 more details were released by Sony Ericsson.
Release
The phone was initially announced as having a March 2011 release timeframe. However, the final release date slipped into April 1, 2011, when the device was released in the UK, Ireland and Spain. On April 28, 2011, it was launched in Canada, exclusively to Rogers. The US launch was officially scheduled for Spring 2011, and while a time frame of mid-April was initially given, the device's launch was pushed back to May 26. In Indonesia, the device was launched on XL Axiatta network on July 29, 2011. On September 18, 2011, the Xperia Play 4G was released for AT&T, it features HSPA+ for faster speeds and it comes in a Stealth Blue color. In the US, the Xperia Play was initially available only on the Verizon network, until the release of the Xperia Play 4G on AT&T. In Mexico it was available through Telcel. In the UK, carriers O2, Vodafone, Orange, T-Mobile and Three have confirmed that they were to stock the handset. In Canada, the device was carried exclusively by Rogers Wireless.
Android updates
On September 8, 2011, Sony Ericsson confirmed that the Xperia Play, and all Xperia phones released in 2011, would receive an update to Android 4.0 "Ice Cream Sandwich". However, on May 25, 2012, it was stated that following beta testing and discussions with developers, the Xperia Play would not receive an update to Android 4.0, citing stability concerns.
Emulation and homebrew
Since the Xperia Play runs on Android, the device may install apps for playing homebrew games. It is commonly used to run emulators for older game systems such as Atari 2600, MAME, Commodore 64, SNES, Sega Dreamcast, Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, Sony PlayStation Portable, and many others.
See also
List of Android devices
N-Gage
Sony Tablets
References
External links
Official website
Android (operating system) devices
Smartphones
Mobile phones introduced in 2011
Xperia Play
Slider phones
Narak Tegapu is an association football club from Vanuatu.
In 2014 Narak Tegapu were champions of the TVL First Division and they were promoted to the Port Vila Premier League, appearing in the 2014–15 Port Vila Premier League season. However, the club finished at the bottom of the table, and were thus relegated to the TVL First Division at the end of the season. As of 2017, the club plays in the Port Vila Second Division, the third and bottom tier of the Port Vila football league system.
Current squad
Honours
TVL First Division
Winner (1): 2013–14
References
Football clubs in Vanuatu
Port Vila
The East Main Street Cemetery is a historic cemetery on East Main Street in Dalton, Massachusetts. The cemetery is one of the oldest in the town, with grave markers dating to the 1780s. It was founded on land owned by the Chamberlin family, whose identified graves make up about 20 percent of roughly 250 gravesites. The cemetery was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2000.
History
Recorded settlement of what is now Dalton, Massachusetts began in 1755, and the town was incorporated in 1784. The Chamberlin family, who were among its early settlers, owned the land along what is now East Main Street, and set aside this parcel of land as a burial ground. The oldest gravestone with a date is marked 1781; earlier burials are possible, but lack documentation and earlier gravestones may have been vandalized or stolen.
Some time in the early 19th century (definitely by 1830) the town assumed ownership of the cemetery. The cemetery was used most heavily in the mid-19th century, with usage declining in favor of the Main Street Cemetery (also listed on the National Register of Historic Places), which was laid out in the rural cemetery style that had come into fashion. In contrast, burial practices at East Main Street continued to follow the early traditions, with simple headstones and a grave laid out in relatively straight rows. The last burial at East Main Street took place in 1895. In 1887 the town was asked to consider relocating the bodies in the cemetery to Main Street, but no vote was held on the matter.
Facilities
The cemetery is a plot of . Graves are arranged in rows emanating from a central aisle. In its early days the boundaries of the cemetery were marked by stone walls, but these were replaced in the 19th century by wood fencing, and chain link fencing in 1985. The stone gate marking the entrance is the most prominent feature of the cemetery. Most of the gravestones are modest in size and decoration; there are only five significant markers. The two largest of these flank the entrance gate, and are miod 19th century monuments for Chamberlin family members. A similarly styled monument to those two commemorate the Maynard family, while a squat obelisk in the tenth row marks graves of the Cleveland family. The most ornate marker is for James Bardin (died 1855): it has a high pedestal supporting a round column, topped by an urn and encircled by a wreath.
Most of the cemetery's stones are not in very good condition. Many have been vandalized, and a number may have been stolen, given that surveys over the years show declining numbers of stones. Many stones have become difficult or impossible to read due to weathering, and some broken stones have simply been placed further into the ground, obscuring writing on the buried portions.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
References
Cemeteries on the National Register of Historic Places in Massachusetts
Cemeteries in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
1781 establishments in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places in Berkshire County, Massachusetts
Dalton, Massachusetts
Charles M. Boerio (March 9, 1930 in Kincaid, Illinois – September 30, 2011) was a former linebacker in the National Football League.
Career
Boerio was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the twentieth round of the 1952 NFL Draft and was a member of the team that season. They played at the collegiate level at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
See also
List of Green Bay Packers players
References
1930 births
2011 deaths
People from Christian County, Illinois
Players of American football from Illinois
American football linebackers
Illinois Fighting Illini football players
Green Bay Packers players
The Booker T. Washington Community Center is a community center at 1114 West Johnson Street in Staunton, Virginia. It is located in the former Booker T. Washington High School for Coloreds, a two-story Art Deco brick building designed by Raymond V. Long and built in 1936. A 1960 addition to the rear of the building has a more Modern treatment. It was the Staunton area's only high school for African-American students for thirty years, and one of its few meeting points for African-American organizations until the city's public facilities were integrated. The school was closed in 1966, and was used by the Staunton Police Department from 1967 to 1986.
The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2014.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Staunton, Virginia
References
School buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Virginia
Art Deco architecture in Virginia
School buildings completed in 1936
Schools in Staunton, Virginia
National Register of Historic Places in Staunton, Virginia
Steven Michael Santini (born March 7, 1995) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the Springfield Thunderbirds in the American Hockey League (AHL) while under contract to the St. Louis Blues of the National Hockey League (NHL). They have also played for the New Jersey Devils and the Nashville Predators. They played for the Boston College Eagles men's ice hockey team of the NCAA Hockey East conference. Santini was selected by the New Jersey Devils in the 2nd round (42nd overall) of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft.
Playing career
Amateur
Santini spent their first two years of high school at John F. Kennedy Catholic High School in Somers, New York before moving to Ann Arbor, Michigan to participate in the USA Hockey National Team Development Program.
As a youth, Santini played in the 2008 Quebec International Pee-Wee Hockey Tournament with the New York Rangers minor ice hockey team.
Santini was rated as a top prospect who had been projected as a first round selection of the 2013 NHL Entry Draft. They trained with the USA Hockey National Team Development Program team from 2011 to 2013, and won a Silver Medal with Team USA at the 2013 IIHF World U18 Championships where they were named the tournament's best defenseman.
In their first season at Boston College, Santini earned their role as a top-4 defensemen with the Eagles, garnering a reputation as a hard-hitting, shut-down defenseman, while also producing 3 goals and 11 points on the season. They were named to Hockey East's All-Rookie team. They also played at the 2014 World Juniors for the United States.
Santini started their sophomore campaign paired with first-year student Noah Hanifin as the top-2 defenseman for the Eagles, however, they only played in four games to start the season before being shut down due to a wrist injury. They underwent surgery, missed 16 games and returned to the lineup after the New Year's break.
They scored one goal and assisted on 19 as a junior, while helping the BC Eagles to a Frozen Four appearance where they fell short to Quinnipiac.
Professional
They signed a three-year entry level deal with the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League on April 9, 2016. They played their first NHL game later that night against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Santini scored their first NHL point in their 2016–17 NHL debut, during a 3-0 win over the Boston Bruins on January 2, 2017. They scored their first NHL goal on January 12, 2017, against the Edmonton Oilers, due to a puck deflecting off their elbow. The Devils ended up losing in overtime 3–2.
As a restricted free agent, Santini signed a three-year, $4.25 million contract with the Devils on August 14, 2018.
On June 22, 2019, Santini was traded by the Devils along with prospect Jeremy Davies and draft picks to the Nashville Predators in exchange for P. K. Subban. In the following 2019-20 season, Santini struggled to make an impression with the Predators, appearing in just 2 games over the course of the season while playing the majority of the campaign in the AHL with affiliate, the Milwaukee Admirals.
On October 7, 2020, Santini was placed on unconditional waivers by the Predators for the purpose to buyout the remaining year of their contract. On October 10, Santini signed as a free agent to a one-year, two-way contract with the St. Louis Blues.
Personal life
Santini's grandfather, Bob, coached hockey at Mount Saint Michael Academy in the Bronx and founded the Catholic High School Hockey League which became part of New York's Catholic High School Athletic Association. Santini's father, Steve, played college hockey at Maine and their uncle, Rob, played at Iona. Steve and Rob later opened Brewster Ice Arena in Brewster, New York where Santini grew up playing hockey. Santini's three sisters also attended John F. Kennedy Catholic High School.
Santini is Catholic and their decision to attend Boston College was based in part on its being a Jesuit institution.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
International
Awards and honours
References
External links
1995 births
Living people
Albany Devils players
American men's ice hockey defensemen
Binghamton Devils players
Boston College alumni
Boston College Eagles men's ice hockey players
Catholics from New York (state)
Ice hockey players from New York (state)
Milwaukee Admirals players
Nashville Predators players
New Jersey Devils draft picks
New Jersey Devils players
People from Mahopac, New York
Sportspeople from the New York metropolitan area
St. Louis Blues players
Springfield Thunderbirds players
USA Hockey National Team Development Program players
Utica Comets players
SM U-47 was a Type U-43 submarine of the Imperial German Navy (Kaiserliche Marine.). They engaged in commerce raiding during the First World War.
Career
U-47 entered service in early 1916, serving initially with the III Flotilla, and from 27 December 1916 with the Pola Flotilla. Them captain between 14 January and 14 June 1918 was Wilhelm Canaris.
They carried out two war patrols and succeeded in sinking 14 ships for a total of . In addition to this they damaged three ships for and captured another ship as a prize. Engine troubles meant they could not be used from June 1918, and was finally scuttled at Pula on 28 October 1918 during the evacuation.
Summary of raiding history
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
U-boats commissioned in 1916
World War I submarines of Germany
U-boats scuttled in 1918
Maritime incidents in 1918
World War I shipwrecks in the Adriatic Sea
1916 ships
Ships built in Danzig
Type U 43 submarines
Phidippus putnami is a species of jumping spider found in the United States.
Gallery
References
External links
Salticidae.org's page on Phidippus putnami
More pictures and information of P. putnami at BugGuide
Salticidae
Spiders of the United States
Spiders described in 1883
David Ozio (born April 3, 1954) of Beaumont, Texas is a retired right-handed ten-pin bowler and member of the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA). They won 11 titles on the PBA Tour, including one major championship, and was the 1991 PBA Player of the Year. They were the 2004 Senior PBA Rookie of the Year, and has won five titles on the Senior and Generations tours. Ozio is a member of both the PBA and USBC Halls of Fame.
PBA career
Ozio won their first title in 1985, and would win a second later that season. After amassing six titles by 1990, they started 1991 with titles in the season's first two events. They then won their only career major on the regular PBA Tour later that season at the 1991 Firestone Tournament of Champions, when they were living in nearby Vidor, Texas. The televised finals for this Tournament of Champions was delayed 40 minutes due to a bomb threat, which turned out to be a hoax. After winning a fourth title later that season, Ozio was named 1991 PBA Player of the Year. They were inducted into the PBA Hall of Fame in 1995. They were ranked #34 on the PBA's 2008 list of "50 Greatest Players of the last 50 years."
Ozio's 11th and final PBA Tour win was on October 28-November 1, 1995 in the AMF Dick Weber Classic at the Arthur Ashe Center in Richmond, Virginia, where they broke the TV record for four-game pinfall with 1,070 pins, topping the mark of 1,050 set in 1984 by Nelson Burton Jr. The record would stand only one year, however, as it was shattered by Bob Learn Jr.'s 1,129 four-game total in a 6 April 1996 Erie, Pennsylvania event.
Ozio spent some time on the PBA Senior Tour (now PBA50 Tour), winning two events including the 2004 Senior U.S. Open, before being slowed by a wrist injury. They retired from professional bowling after the 2008 Senior season, having decided they aren't as competitive as they wanted to be.
22 years after their PBA Hall of Fame induction, Ozio was voted into the USBC Hall of Fame in January 2017, and was inducted with the 2017 class on April 26.
PBA Tour titles
Major championships in bold.
1985 AMF Angle Open (Florissant, Missouri)
1985 Tucson Open (Tucson, Arizona)
1986 Lite Beer Classic (Miami, Florida)
1988 Hammer Open (Edmond, Oklahoma)
1989 Milwaukee Classic (Milwaukee, Wisconsin)
1990 Showboat Doubles Classic w/Steve Wunderlich (Las Vegas, Nevada)
1991 AC-Delco Classic (Torrance, California)
1991 Showboat Invitational (Las Vegas, Nevada)
1991 Firestone Tournament of Champions (Fairlawn, Ohio)
1991 Chevy Truck Classic (Rochester, New York)
1995 AMF Dick Weber Classic (Richmond, Virginia)
In the media
Ozio authored an instructional book (with Dan Herbst) in 1992 called Bowl Like a Pro.
Bowlers Journal International editor Gianmarc Manzione interviewed Ozio, along with fellow pro-bowlers DJ Archer, Steve Wunderlich, Pete McCordic, Paul McCordic, and Mark Williams, among others, about surviving Hurricane Harvey in 2017.
References
American ten-pin bowling players
American people of Italian descent
People from Beaumont, Texas
1954 births
Living people
People from Vidor, Texas
Holboca is a commune in Iași County, Western Moldavia, Romania, part of the Iași metropolitan area. It is composed of seven villages: Cristești, Dancu, Holboca, Orzeni, Rusenii Noi, Rusenii Vechi and Valea Lungă.
Natives
Ion Negrescu
References
Communes in Iași County
Localities in Western Moldavia
Robert Stack (born Charles Langford Modini Stack; January 13, 1919 – May 14, 2003) was an American actor. Known for their deep voice and commanding presence, they appeared in over forty feature films. They starred in the ABC television series The Untouchables (1959–1963), for which they won the 1960 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Performance by an Actor in a Series, and later hosted/narrated the true-crime series Unsolved Mysteries (1987–2002). They were also nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for their role in the film Written on the Wind (1956).
Early life
They were born Charles Langford Modini Stack in Los Angeles, California, but their first name, selected by their mother, was changed to Robert by their father. They spent their early childhood in Adria and Rome, becoming fluent in French and Italian at an early age, and did not learn English until returning to Los Angeles when they were seven.
Their parents divorced when they were a year old, and they were raised by their mother, Mary Elizabeth (née Wood). Their father, James Langford Stack, a wealthy advertising agency owner, later remarried their mother, but died when Stack was 10.
They always spoke of their mother with the greatest respect and love. When they collaborated with Mark Evans on their autobiography, Straight Shooting, they included a picture of themselves and their mother that they captioned "Me and my best girl". Their maternal grandfather, opera singer Charles Wood, studied voice in Italy and performed there under the name "Carlo Modini." Stack had another opera-singer relative: American baritone Richard Bonelli (born George Richard Bunn), who was their uncle.
Stack took some drama courses at the University of Southern California, where they played on the polo team. Clark Gable was a family friend.
By the time they were 20, Stack had achieved minor fame as a sportsman. They were an avid polo player and shooter. Their brother and they won the International Outboard Motor Championships, in Venice, Italy, and at age 16, they became a member of the All-American Skeet Team. They set two world records in skeet shooting and became national champion. In 1971, they were inducted into the National Skeet Shooting Hall of Fame. They were a Republican.
The Piikani Nation of the Blackfoot Confederacy, which was known as the Peigan Nation before the 1990s, honored them by inducting them into their chieftainship in 1953 (July 2, 1953, Newspaper) as Chief Crow Flag. In 1962, Stack received the Golden Plate Award of the American Academy of Achievement.
Career
Stack took drama courses at Bridgewater State University, a mid-sized liberal-arts school located 25 miles southeast of Boston. Their deep voice and good looks attracted the attention of producers in Hollywood.
Universal
When Stack visited the lot of Universal Studios at age 20, producer Joe Pasternak offered them an opportunity to enter the business. Recalled Stack, "He said, 'How'd you like to be in pictures? We'll make a test with Helen Parrish, a little love scene.' Helen Parrish was a beautiful girl. 'Gee, that sounds keen,' I told him. I got the part."
Stack's first film, which teamed them with Deanna Durbin, was First Love (1939), produced by Pasternak. This film was considered controversial at the time, as they were the first actor to give Durbin an on-screen kiss.
Stack won critical acclaim for their next role, The Mortal Storm (1940) starring Margaret Sullavan and James Stewart, and directed by Frank Borzage at Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. They played a young man who joins the Nazi party.
Back at Universal, Stack was in Pasternak's A Little Bit of Heaven (1940), starring Gloria Jean, who was that studio's back-up for Deanna Durbin. Stack was reunited with Durbin in Pasternak's Nice Girl? (1941).
Stack then starred in a Western, Badlands of Dakota (1942), co-starring Richard Dix and Frances Farmer.
United Artists borrowed them to play a Polish Air Force pilot in To Be or Not To Be (1942), alongside Jack Benny and Carole Lombard. Stack admitted they were terrified going into this role, but they credited Lombard, whom they had known personally for several years, with giving them many tips on acting and with being their mentor. Lombard was killed in a plane crash shortly before the film was released.
Stack played another pilot in Eagle Squadron (1942), a huge hit. They then made a Western, Men of Texas (1942).
World War II
During World War II, Stack served as an aerial gunnery officer and gunnery instructor in the United States Navy.
Postwar career
Stack resumed their career after the war with roles in such films as Fighter Squadron (1948) at Warner Bros. with Edmond O'Brien, playing a pilot; A Date with Judy (1948) at MGM, with Wallace Beery and Elizabeth Taylor.
Stack was in two films at Paramount: Miss Tatlock's Millions (1948) and Mr. Music (1950). They had an excellent role in Bullfighter and the Lady (1951), a passion project of Budd Boetticher for John Wayne's company. They later said this was the first time they liked themselves on screen.
Stack supported Mickey Rooney in My Outlaw Brother (1951) and had the lead in the adventure epic Bwana Devil (1952), considered the first color, American 3-D feature film. It was released by United Artists, which also put Stack in a Western, War Paint (1953). They continued making similar low-budget action fare: Conquest of Cochise (1953) for Sam Katzman; Sabre Jet (1953), playing another pilot, this time in the Korean War; The Iron Glove (1954), a swashbuckler where Stack played Charles Wogan, for Katzman.
Return to "A" movies
Stack was back in "A" pictures when they appeared opposite John Wayne in The High and the Mighty (1954), playing the pilot of an airliner who comes apart under stress after the airliner encounters engine trouble. The film was a hit, and Stack received good reviews. In 1954, they signed a seven-year contract with Fox.
Sam Fuller cast them in the lead of House of Bamboo (1955), shot in Japan for 20th Century Fox. They supported Jennifer Jones in Good Morning, Miss Dove (1955), also at Fox, and starred in Great Day in the Morning (1956) at RKO, directed by Jacques Tourneur.
Written on the Wind
Stack was then given a role in Written on the Wind (1956), directed by Douglas Sirk and produced by Albert Zugsmith. Stack played another pilot, the son of a rich man who marries Lauren Bacall, who in turn falls for their best friend, played by Rock Hudson. The movie was a massive success and Stack was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor; Dorothy Malone, who played Stack's sister, was nominated for Best Supporting Actress. Malone won, but Stack lost, to Anthony Quinn. Stack felt that the primary reason they lost to Quinn was that 20th Century Fox, which had lent them to Universal-International, organized block voting against them to prevent one of their contract players from winning an Academy Award while working at another studio.
Stack was reunited with Hudson, Malone, Zugsmith, and Sirk on The Tarnished Angels (1957), once more playing a pilot. At Fox, they were in The Gift of Love (1958) with Bacall.
Stack then was given a real star role, playing the title part in John Farrow's biopic, John Paul Jones (1959). Despite a large budget and an appearance by Bette Davis, it was not a success.
The Untouchables
Stack portrayed the crimefighting Eliot Ness in the ABC television drama series The Untouchables (1959–1963) produced by Desilu Productions, in association with Stack's Langford Productions. The show portrayed the ongoing battle between gangsters and a special squad of federal agents in prohibition-era Chicago. "No one thought it was going to be a series," Stack once said, "When you tell the same story every week, it seemed like a vendetta between Ness and the Italians."
The show won Stack the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series at the 12th Primetime Emmy Awards in 1960.
During the series' run, Stack starred in a disaster movie, The Last Voyage (1960), appearing opposite Malone. At Fox, they were in The Caretakers (1963) with Joan Crawford and they appeared in a special on hunting, The American Sportsman. They owned 25% of The Untouchables and The Caretaker.
After The Untouchables, Stack worked in Europe for Is Paris Burning? (1966), The Peking Medallion (1967), Action Man (1967), and later for Story of a Woman (1970). They did Laura (1967) on film.
The Name of the Game
Stack starred in a new drama series, rotating the lead with Tony Franciosa and Gene Barry in the lavish The Name of the Game (1968–1971). They played a former federal agent turned true-crime journalist, evoking memories of their role as Ness.
In 1971, they sued CBS for $25 million for appearing in the documentary The Selling of the Pentagon, saying that the company had misrepresented their position regarding the Vietnam War.
1970s career
Stack played a pilot in the TV movie Murder on Flight 502 (1975) and was the lead in the series Most Wanted (1976), playing a tough, incorruptible police captain commanding an elite squad of special investigators, also evoking the Ness role. They later did a similar part in the series Strike Force (1981).
They made a film in France, Second Wind (1978).
Comedy actor and later career
Stack parodied their own persona in the comedy 1941 (1979). Their performance was well received and Stack became a comic actor, appearing in Airplane! (1980), Big Trouble (1986), Plain Clothes (1988), Caddyshack II (1988), Joe Versus the Volcano (1990), Beavis and Butt-Head Do America (1996), and BASEketball (1998). They also provided the voice for the character Ultra Magnus in The Transformers: The Movie (1986).
In a more serious vein, they appeared in the action movie Uncommon Valor (1983), the television miniseries George Washington (1984), and Hollywood Wives (1985), and appeared in several episodes of the primetime soap opera Falcon Crest in 1986.
Stack's series Strike Force was scheduled opposite Falcon Crest, where it quickly folded.
They began hosting Unsolved Mysteries in 1987. They thought very highly of the interactive nature of the show, saying that it created a "symbiotic" relationship between viewer and program, and that the hotline was a great crime-solving tool. Unsolved Mysteries aired from 1987 to 2002, first as specials in 1987 (Stack did not host all the specials, which were previously hosted by Raymond Burr and Karl Malden), then as a regular series on NBC (1988–1997), then on CBS (1997–1999) and finally on Lifetime (2001–2002). Stack served as the show's host during its entire original series run. Netflix revived the series in July 2020 with a six-episode run. Paying homage to the late host, a silhouette of Stack can be seen towards the end of the opening credits.
In 1991, Stack voiced the main police officer Lt. Littleboy (who is also the main protagonist and narrator) in The Real Story of Baa Baa Black Sheep.
In 1996, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs, California, Walk of Stars was dedicated to him.
Personal life and death
Stack was married to actor Rosemarie Bowe from 1956 until their death. They had two children, a son, Charles, and a daughter, Elizabeth.
They underwent radiation therapy for prostate cancer in October 2002, and died of heart failure at their home in Bel Air, Los Angeles, on May 14, 2003, at the age of 84.
Filmography
Film
Television
Radio appearances
Books
Straight Shooting (with Mark Evans) (1980);
Shotgun Digest (Jack Lewis, Editor) (1974);
See also
William H. Perry (Los Angeles), their great-grandfather
References
External links
Robert Stack at Find a Grave
1919 births
2003 deaths
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American male television actors
American male voice actors
American people of Italian descent
Audiobook narrators
United States Navy personnel of World War II
Television personalities from Los Angeles
Bridgewater State University alumni
California Republicans
Male actors from Los Angeles
Military personnel from California
Outstanding Performance by a Lead Actor in a Drama Series Primetime Emmy Award winners
United States Navy sailors
University of Southern California alumni
Deaths from organ failure
Gostala (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 517 as of 2010. There are 5 streets.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
Geography
Gostala is located 6 km east of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road Dylym is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
Peterhouse may refer to:
Peterhouse, Cambridge
Peterhouse Boys' School
Peterhouse Girls' School
Peterhouse school of history
Peterhouse partbooks
Peterhouse Group of Schools
Charles F. Craig (1905 – death date unknown) was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1920s.
A native of Martinsburg, West Virginia, Craig made their Negro leagues debut with the Lincoln Giants in 1926. They split time between the Lincoln club and the Harrisburg Giants the following season.
References
External links
and Seamheads
Date of birth missing
Year of death missing
Place of death missing
Harrisburg Giants players
Lincoln Giants players
Baseball pitchers
Baseball players from West Virginia
Sportspeople from Martinsburg, West Virginia
1905 births
The Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, a part of the United States National Wildlife Refuge System, is a refuge on Jupiter Island in Florida. Its official name as of 2019 is the Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. Part of the refuge is inside the town of Jupiter Island, while the rest is in the unincorporated areas of Martin County. The refuge was established in 1969, to protect the loggerhead and green sea turtles. It is administered as part of the Arthur R. Marshall Loxahatchee National Wildlife Refuge.
Within the refuge is the Reed Wilderness Seashore Sanctuary, designated a National Natural Landmark in November 1967.
Beach erosion
According to the Florida Department of Environmental Protection, a significant amount of coastal erosion in Florida is directly attributable to the construction and maintenance of navigation inlets.
In July 2013, approximately of beach-quality material was dredged from the St. Lucie Inlet Federal channel and impoundment basin and placed on the downdrift beaches of Jupiter Island in the vicinity of the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge, with funding provided to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers from the U.S. Congress.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge was established September 30, 1969. It is a coastal refuge bisected by the Indian River Lagoon into two separate tracts of land totaling over 1000 acres. The Jupiter Island tract provides some of the most productive sea turtle nesting habitat in the United States, and the sand pine scrub mainland tract is valued because more than 90 percent of this community type has been lost to development in Florida. Sand pine scrub habitat is restricted only to Florida and an adjacent county in Alabama.
Hobe Sound Nature Center
The Hobe Sound Nature Center is a private non-profit nature center that cooperates with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to conduct environmental education and awareness programs about the Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge. The center was founded in 1973 by and continues to receive major support from the Jupiter Island Garden Club.
References
External links
Nathaniel P. Reed Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge - official site
HSNWR Beach Webcam
Hobe Sound Nature Center
Protected areas of Martin County, Florida
National Natural Landmarks in Florida
National Wildlife Refuges in Florida
Protected areas established in 1969
Nature centers in Florida
51 Peg may refer to:
51 Pegasi, a star in the Pegasus constellation
51 Peg (band), an industrial rock band
Anton Carl Hartmann (1803 - ??) was a Norwegian politician.
They were elected to the Norwegian Parliament in 1854 and 1857, representing the constituency of Christiansand. They worked as a merchant in that city.
References
1803 births
Year of death missing
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Kristiansand
Norwegian businesspeople
Dany, pseudonym for Daniel Henrotin (born 28 January 1943) is a Belgian comic book artist, best known for Olivier Rameau and Ça vous intéresse?.
Biography
Daniel Henrotin was born in Marche-en-Famenne in 1943. After studying at the Art School of Liège, they started working as a comics artist in 1966, as an assistant for Mitteï, an artist working for Tintin magazine. Dany worked there for a year and then had to leave in order to do their military service.
Afterwards, they started collaborating directly on Tintin magazine with illustrations and short stories, and worked in the studio of Greg, the editor-in-chief of the magazine. Greg wrote a poetic story about Olivier Rameau and the people of Dreamland, and it marked the debut of Dany's first successful and longest running series. Dreamland is very similar to the worlds of L. Frank Baum's Oz and Lewis Carroll's Alice and Dany drew an adaptation of Alice shortly after starting the Olivier Rameau series.
Much of Dany's early work was drawn in a comical style, but in the late 1970s they produced more realistic drawings while in collaboration with writer Jean Van Hamme. This included Histoire sans héros ("Story Without a Hero") in 1977, which was a one-shot adventure story about the survivors of a plane crash trying to find a way out of a dense South American jungle. It obtained critical success and reached a wide audience. Dany and Van Hamme also came up with a series called Arlequin, the adventures of a freelance secret agent and master of disguise made in the spirit of The Persuaders! which was very popular in continental Europe.
Meanwhile, Greg and Dany would collaborate on some other short-lived series, and in the 1990s Greg wrote the final two stories of Bernard Prince for Dany after Hermann had quit the series. (a character based on Prince had featured in one of the Arlequin stories).
But their main commercial success came in 1990 when they started a series of erotic joke comics with Ça vous intéresse?. The series was an instant success, and many artists and writers have collaborated on the books, magazines, and multimedia that have followed since.
Bibliography
Awards
1971: Prix Saint-Michel, Humour Award, for Olivier Rameau
2007: Prix Saint-Michel, Best Artwork
2011: Prix Diagonale
See also
Red Ears
Sources
Béra, Michel; Denni, Michel; and Mellot, Philippe (1998): "Trésors de la Bande Dessinée 1999–2000". Paris, Les éditions de l'amateur.
Dany publications in Belgian Tintin, French Tintin, Pilote and BoDoï BDoubliées
Footnotes
External links
Dany official site
Dany site on Éditions Joker
Dany biography on Labiek Comiclopedia
Dany biography fan site
1943 births
Living people
People from Marche-en-Famenne
Belgian comics artists
Belgian comics writers
Belgian erotic artists
Belgian humorists
Belgian illustrators
Henry Theodore Sidney Gedge was a Scottish rugby union player. They were capped six times between 1894 and 1899 for . They also played for London Scottish FC and Edinburgh Wanderers.
Early life
Henry Gedge was born on 19 August 1870 in London. They attended Dulwich College.
Rugby union career
Gedge made their international debut on 3 February 1894 at Newport in the Wales vs Scotland match. Of the 6 matches they played for their national side they were on the winning side on 4 occasions. They played their final match for Scotland on 11 March 1899 at Blackheath in the England vs Scotland match.
Personal life and family
They were the father of Peter Gedge, who was also capped for Scotland.
References
Bath, Richard (ed.) The Scotland Rugby Miscellany (Vision Sports Publishing Ltd, 2007 )
1870 births
1943 deaths
London Scottish F.C. players
People educated at Dulwich College
Rugby union players from London
Rugby union wings
Scotland international rugby union players
Scottish rugby union players
Bromaghin Peak, at above sea level is the fourth highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is in Sawtooth National Recreation Area about north-northwest of the range's highest point, Saviers Peak. The peak is named for Captain Ralph Bromaghin, who was a member of the 10th Mountain Division and a Sun Valley ski instructor who died in World War II.
References
Mountains of Idaho
Mountains of Blaine County, Idaho
Sawtooth National Forest
Wire Train is the fourth album by the American band Wire Train, released in 1990. David Fincher directed the video for "Should They Cry?" Wire Train supported the album by touring with Bob Dylan.
Production
The album, which was delayed due to issues with Wire Train's former label, 415 Records, was produced by Don Smith and David Trickle. It was recorded live in the studio, in Los Angeles. The lyrics were written by Kevin Hunter. Benmont Tench, Susannah Melvoin, and Mike Campbell contributed to Wire Train.
Critical reception
Trouser Press noted that "the record's most striking song ('Should They Cry?', a catchy breath of pop air) owes no stylistic debt outside the band's own past." Entertainment Weekly determined that "a self-conscious dose of Dylanesque revelry is amusing in its way, but Wire Train‘s adventures into gospelly rock (in a Van Morrison-Stones vein) are less compelling." The San Diego Union-Tribune concluded that "the band members sound less like dedicated rockers and more like adroit studio musicians moving easily from one genre to another with a minimum of fuss or inspiration."
The New York Times stated that the songs "are immaculately crafted with ringing guitars, subtle drumming and airy, open spaces that lend a feeling of freedom and timelessness." The Calgary Herald deemed the band "mimics," writing that "when you're short of ideas, might just as well borrow from the best." Rolling Stone praised Wire Train's "knack for passionate, intelligent rock 'n' roll."
AllMusic wrote that "there are still a couple missteps, foremost among them being the absolutely atrocious 'Oh Me Oh My', the worst Bob Dylan parody since Simon & Garfunkel's 'A Simple Desultory Philippic' (or Knocked Out Loaded)."
Track listing
References
Wire Train albums
1990 albums
MCA Records albums
Høgsaetet Mountain () is a tall mountain just northeast of Raudberget in the Borg Massif of Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–52) and named Høgsætet (the high seat).
References
Mountains of Queen Maud Land
Princess Martha Coast
Pardameh () is a village in Larijan-e Sofla Rural District, Larijan District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 9, in 4 families.
References
Populated places in Amol County
Awaji (淡路) was a Mikura-class escort ship of Imperial Japanese Navy.
Construction and career
They were laid down on 1 June 1943 and launched on 30 October 1943 by the Hitachi Zosen Corporation Sakurajima Shipyard. They were commissioned on 25 January 1944.
On March 24, Awaji, the 19th submarine chaser, and the special gunship Beijing Maru departed Kaohsiung to escort the Tasa-31 fleet (16 ships). They arrived in Vietnam on April 1, but separated from the Tasa-31 fleet due to a failure of their main engine. On the night of April 4, Awaji left Sanjak on a single ship and moved to Singapore. They arrive in Singapore on the afternoon of the 7th. From the 8th to the 27th, they were engaged in the repair of the main machine at the 101st Navy Engineering Department in Singapore. They leaf Singapore at 10 am on the 27th to join the Simi 01 fleet. They joined the Simi 01 fleet on the 28th and arrived in Miri, Borneo on the morning of the 30th. On May 4, they escorted the Mi-02 fleet (17 participating vessels) and departed Miri. Around 8 am on May 6, Nisshin Maru sank after a torpedo attack by USS Crevalle. The Mi-02 fleet unit arrives in Manila on May 10 and departs on May 13. They reached the coast of Mutsure Island in Kitakyushu on the 23rd via Kaohsiung. Awaji moves to Sasebo, and from the following 24th they will be engaged in the installation work of the detector recorder at the Sasebo Naval Arsenal.
In late May, Awaji was to escort the Hi-65 fleet to Singapore. The 7th Convoy Command (Commander Maj. Gen. Mitsuharu Matsuyama, Chief of Staff Colonel Ugaki) took command of the Hi-65 Convoy, and Maj. Gen. Matsuyama raised the flag aboard Kashii. 10 ships, including Shinshu Maru, were escorted by, Taiyo-class aircraft carrier Kaiyo, and escort vessels (Awaji, Chiburi, No. 19 Kaibokan, Submarine Chaser No. 60, and Tsubame). On May 29, the Hi-65 fleet departed from Moji. After sunset on June 1, the Hi-65 fleet was sailing off the eastern coast of Taiwan, as visibility deteriorated due to rain. After 2:00 am on June 2, USS Guitarro fired 6 torpedoes at the tanker, and Awaji, who discovered the torpedo, reported the discovery of the torpedo to the fleet flagship (Kashii). In addition, a depth charge aboard Awaji exploded underwater, causing the Hi-65 fleet to mess up and disperse. In addition to 76 crew members including Major Kozo Niki were killed, 5 were rescued by the No. 19 Kaibokan, and several were rescued by Chishin, but some died later on.
On July 10, Awaji was removed from the Imperial Kaibokan.
References
Ships built by Hitachi Zosen Corporation
1943 ships
Ships sunk by American submarines
World War II shipwrecks in the Pacific Ocean
The Padang Roco Inscription, in Indonesian Prasasti Padang Roco, is an inscription dated 1286 CE, discovered near the source of Batanghari river, Padangroco temple complex, Nagari Siguntur, Sitiung, Dharmasraya Regency, West Sumatra, Indonesia.
Etymology
The inscription was named after the location it was discovered; Padang Roco, which is local Minangkabau language, translated to "field of statues". Padang means "field", while roco is equated to arca or murti, the image of Hindu-Buddhist deities.
Description
The inscription was discovered in 1911 near the source of Batanghari river, Padangroco. The inscription was carved on four sides of rectangular shaped stone is served as the base of the Amoghapasa statue. On the back side of the statue carved inscription called Amoghapasa inscription dated from later period in 1347 CE(NBG 1911: 129, 20e). The inscriptions were carved in ancient Javanese letters, using two languages (Old Malay and Sanskrit) (Krom 1912, 1916; Moens 1924; dan Pitono 1966). Today the inscription is stored in National Museum of Indonesia, Jakarta, with inventory code number D.198-6468 (the base or inscription part) and D.198-6469 (the statue part).
Origin
The inscription was dated 1208 Saka or 1286 CE, in the same period of Singhasari kingdom in Java and Melayu Kingdom Dharmasraya in Sumatra. The inscriptions tell that in the year 1208 Saka, under the order of king Kertanegara of Singhasari, a statue of Amoghapasa Lokeshvara was transported from Bhumijawa (Java) to Svarnabhumi (Sumatra) to be erected at Dharmasraya. This gift made the people of Svarnabhumi rejoice, especially their king Tribhuwanaraja Mauliwarmmadewa.
Content
The content of inscription as translated by Slamet Muljana:
Rejoice ! In the year Śaka 1208, in the month of Bādrawāda, first day of rising moon, Māwulu wāge day, Thursday, Wuku Madaṇkungan, with the king star located on southwest ...
.... that is the time of the statue of lord Amoghapasa Lokeśvara accompanied with all fourteen followers and also seven ratna jewel taken from bhūmi Jāwa to Swarnnabhūmi, in order to be erected at Dharmmāśraya,
as the gift of Srī Wiśwarūpa Kumāra. For that purpose pāduka Srī Mahārājādhirāja Kṛtanagara Wikrama Dharmmottunggadewa has ordered Rakryān Mahā-mantri Dyah Adwayabrahma, Rakryān Śirīkan Dyah Sugatabrahma and
Samagat Payānan hań Dīpankaradāsa, Rakryān Damun pu Wīra to presented lord Amoghapāśa. May this gift make all the people of bhūmi Mālayu, including its brāhmaṇa, ksatrya, waiśa, sūdra and especially the center of all āryyas; Srī Mahārāja Srīmat Tribhuwanarāja Mauliwarmmadewa.
Adityawarman's addition
In 1347 Adityawarman moved the statue further uphill to Rambahan site near Langsat River, the source of Batanghari river. They also added inscription inscribed on the back side of the statue, this inscription refers as Amoghapasa inscription dated 1347 CE. While the rectangular base refer as Padang Roco inscription remain in Padang Roco area.
References
Inscriptions in Indonesia
13th-century inscriptions
Singhasari
Srivijaya
"Just Another Day" is a song by American rock singer John Mellencamp. It was released on February 4, 1997, as the second single from their 14th studio album, Mr. Happy Go Lucky (1996), and became Mellencamp's final number-one hit in Canada. In the United States, it reached number 46 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Critical reception
Larry Flick, of Billboard magazine reviewed the song favorably, calling it a "richly atmospheric blend of acoustic rhythms and raw pop-rock power."
Music video
The music video was directed by Samuel Bayer and premiered on November 20, 1996.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
References
John Mellencamp songs
1996 songs
1997 singles
Mercury Records singles
Music videos directed by Samuel Bayer
RPM Top Singles number-one singles
Songs written by John Mellencamp
Daniel Duncan (July 22, 1806 – May 18, 1849) was a U.S. Representative from Ohio.
Born in Shippensburg, Pennsylvania, Duncan completed preparatory studies.
They attended Jefferson College, Canonsburg, Pennsylvania, in 1825.
They moved to Newark, Ohio, in 1828.
They engaged in mercantile pursuits.
They served as member of the State house of representatives in 1843.
They were an unsuccessful Whig candidate for election to the State senate in 1844.
Duncan was elected as a Whig to the Thirtieth Congress (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1849).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for reelection in 1848 to the Thirty-first Congress.
They died in Washington, D.C., on May 18, 1849.
They were interred in the Newark Graveyard, Newark, Ohio.
Sources
1806 births
1849 deaths
Politicians from Newark, Ohio
Members of the Ohio House of Representatives
Washington & Jefferson College alumni
People from Shippensburg, Pennsylvania
Whig Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Acanthopidae is a family of mantises consisting of 16 genera in the order Mantodea. The group was first formally split off as a separate family by the German entomologist Reinhard Ehrmann in 2002. In 2016, five genera (Acontista, Callibia, Paratithrone, Raptrix, and Tithrone) were moved from Acanthopidae to the newly created family Acontistidae, but this has not been accepted in most recent classifications.
Genera
The following genera are recognised in the family Acanthopidae:
Acanthops Serville, 1831
Acontista Saussure, 1872
Astollia Kirby, 1904
Callibia Stal, 1877
Decimiana Uvarov, 1940
Lagrecacanthops Roy, 2004
Metacanthops Agudelo, Maldaner & Rafael, 2019
Metilia Stal, 1877
Miracanthops Roy, 2004
Ovalimantis Roy, 2015
Paratithrone Lombardo, 1996
Plesiacanthops Chopard, 1913
Pseudacanthops Saussure, 1870
Raptrix Terra, 1995
Stenophylla Westwood, 1845
Tithrone Stal, 1877
See also
List of mantis genera and species
References
Mantodea families
Aleksei Yuryevich Bychkov (; born 8 November 1972) is a former Russian professional footballer.
Club career
They made their professional debut in the Soviet Second League B in 1990 for PFC CSKA-2 Moscow.
Honours
Russian Cup finalist: 1994, 2000.
European club competitions
UEFA Intertoto Cup 1998 with FC Shinnik Yaroslavl: 1 game.
UEFA Cup 2000–01 with PFC CSKA Moscow: 2 games.
References
1972 births
Footballers from Moscow
Living people
Soviet footballers
Association football forwards
Russian footballers
FC Shinnik Yaroslavl players
PFC CSKA Moscow players
Russian Premier League players
FC Fakel Voronezh players
State of Divinity may refer to:
State of Divinity (1996 TV series), a 1996 Hong Kong television series
State of Divinity (2000 TV series), a 2000 Taiwanese television series
The Smiling, Proud Wanderer or State of Divinity, a novel by Jin Yong
Antonio Ristevski (Macedonian: Антонио Ристевски, born May 19, 1989) is an alpine skier who competed for Macedonia at the 2010 Winter Olympics. They were selected as their nation's flag bearer at the opening ceremony.
References
1989 births
Living people
Macedonian male alpine skiers
Olympic alpine skiers of North Macedonia
Alpine skiers at the 2010 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2014 Winter Olympics
Alpine skiers at the 2018 Winter Olympics
Sportspeople from Skopje
Konyukhovskaya () is a rural locality (a village) in Kalininskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 9 as of 2002.
Geography
Konyukhovskaya is located 31 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Slastnichikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
A CO-oximeter is a device that measures the oxygen carrying state of hemoglobin in a blood specimen, including oxygen-carrying hemoglobin (O2Hb), non-oxygen-carrying but normal hemoglobin (HHb) (formerly, but incorrectly, referred to as 'reduced' hemoglobin), as well as the dyshemoglobins such as carboxyhemoglobin (COHb) and methemoglobin (MetHb). The use of 'CO' rather than 'Co' or 'co' is more appropriate since this designation represents a device that measures carbon monoxide (CO) bound to hemoglobin, as distinguished from simple oximetry which measures hemoglobin bound to molecular oxygen—O2Hb—or hemoglobin capable of binding to molecular oxygen—HHb. Simpler oximeters may report oxygen saturation alone, i.e. the ratio of oxyhemoglobin to total 'bindable' hemoglobin (i.e. oxyhemoglobin + deoxyhemoglobin-HHb). CO-oximetry is useful in defining the causes for hypoxemia, or hypoxia, (oxygen deficiency at the tissue level).
Mechanism
A CO-oximeter measures the absorption of light passing through blood from few as two or three wavelengths of light to several dozens of wavelengths, in order to distinguish oxyhemoglobin, and deoxyhemoglobin (formerly called 'reduced' hemoglobin), and thus determine the oxyhemoglobin saturation (the percentage of oxygenated hemoglobin compared to the total amount of available hemoglobin (Hb)). Measurement of greater numbers of wavelengths enables the instrument to distinguish between these and carboxyhemoglobin,-COHb, methemoglobin -metHb, other hemoglobin moieties and 'background' light-absorbing species. Traditionally, measurement is made from arterial blood processed in a specific device designed to be able to measure proportions of multiple components of several hemoglobin moieties using multi-wavelength spectrophotometry and complex, but straightforward internal computations. While these units still are in wide use, blood gas analyzers with integral CO-oximetry modules have also been developed and successfully marketed by several manufacturers. More recently, some 'pulse' or more precisely 'peripheral' oximeters have made it possible to estimate carboxyhemoglobin with non-invasive technology similar to a simple (peripheral) pulse oximeter. In contrast, the use of a standard or simple pulse oximeter is not effective in the diagnosis of CO poisoning as patients who have carbon monoxide poisoning may have a normal oxygen saturation reading on a pulse oximeter.
Usage
When a patient presents with carbon monoxide poisoning (CO) or other non-respiratory hypoxic symptoms, most current CO-oximeters will detect the relative levels of each hemoglobin fraction (oxyhemoglobin and dyshemoglobins) and likely the oxyhemoglobin saturation. For any system making these measurements it is critical that the device clearly distinguish between Oxygen Saturation' and Fractional Oxyhemoglobin" . The issue here is the careless use of saturation vs. fractional oxyhemoglobin, which both measure the same entity -oxyhemoglobin- but the oxygen saturation uses as its base only the hemoglobin available for binding, while the fractional oxyhemoglobin uses the total hemoglobin in the sample as its base. In normal subjects the values are nearly identical-thus leading to terminologic and possibly clinical confusion. A simple oximeter measuring only oxygen derivatives, may report a normal saturation or even a hyperoxic state if oxygen gas has been administered when in fact there is serious compromise of oxygen carrying ability of the hemoglobin present.
See also
Breath carbon monoxide
References
CLSI, C46-A2- Blood Gas and pH Analysis and Related Measurements; Approved Guideline—Second Edition, Wayne, PA, 2010
Zijlstra WJ, Maas AHJ, Moran RF. Definition, significance and measurement of quantities pertaining to the oxygen carrying properties of human blood.. Scand J Clin Lab Invest , 56(Suppl), 224, 27–45, 1996
Brunelle JA, Degtiarov AM, Moran RF, Race LA, Simultaneous measurement of total hemoglobin and its derivatives in blood using CO-oximeters: Analytical principles; Their application in selecting analytical wavelengths and reference methods; A comparison of the results of the choices made. Scand J Clin Lab Invest, 56: (Suppl) 224, 47–69, 1996.
Brunelle JA, Moran RF, Data processing in CO-oximeters that Use overdetermined systems (Reply). Clin Chem, 43:1, 189–191, 1997
Degen BR, Moran RF, Comparison and assessment of blood gas related quantities including base excess, the gas exchange indices and temperature corrected pH/ PO2/PCO2 , as defined in approved NCCLS standard C12-A, using a computer simulation of input variables., Scand J Clin Lab Invest , 56:(Suppl) 224, 89-106 1996.
Moran R, Hemoglobin F and measurement of oxygen saturation and fractional oxyhemoglobin. Clin Lab Sci, 7:3, 162–164, 1994.
Brunnelle JA, Degtiarov AM, Moran RF, Race LA, CO-oximetric measurement of oxyhemoglobin, deoxyhemoglobin, and dyshemoglobins in blood: Effects of analytical wavelength and reference method selection. Lab Hematol. 1:2, 161 - 164, 1995.
Moran RF, Implications of Fetal Hemoglobin : Measurement of oxygen saturation, fractional oxyhemoglobin, carboxyhemoglobin and methemoglobin. Crit Care International, April–May, 8–9, 1995.
Moran RF, The case for standardized terminology: Oxygen "saturation" values can trick the unwary and lead to clinical misjudgement., Crit Care Med, 21:5, 805–807, 1993.
Moran RF, Lab Consultant: [High Percentage of zero carboxyhemoglobins due to correction algorithm for small, "impossible", values.] Clin Chem News, 18:12, 18–19, 1992.
CLSI document C25A, can provide in-depth information and references.
Medical testing equipment
Oxygen
de:Pulsoxymetrie#CO-Oxymeter
The 2006 Oakland mayoral election was held on June 7, 2006 to elect the mayor of Oakland, California. It saw the election of Ron Dellums.
Municipal elections in California are officially non-partisan.
Incumbent mayor Jerry Brown did not seek reelection to a third term, instead opting to run in the 2006 California Attorney General election.
A 50% margin of the vote needed to be obtained by the victor in order to avoid a runoff being held in November. Dellums surpassed this margin by a mere 115 votes, thus no runoff was necessitated.
Candidates
Ignacio De La Fuente, President of the Oakland City Council, member of the Oakland City Council since 1992, candidate for mayor in 1998
Ron Dellums, former U.S. member of congress (1971-1998), former member of the Oakland City Council (1967-1971)
Arnie Fields, affordable housing provider, member of the Board of Directors for the Music & Art Department of the Arcadia Skate Hotel
Nancy Nadel, member of the Oakland City Council
Ron "Oz" Oznowicz, investor and business manager, former Oakland Police Officer (1965-1976)
Hector "Reno" Reyna, retired financial consultant, perennial candidate
Results
References
Oakland
2006
Oakland
The Lyme Regis branch line was a railway branch line connecting the seaside town of Lyme Regis with the main line railway network at Axminster, running through picturesque rural countryside on the Dorset - Devon border.
It opened in 1903; penetrating difficult topography, the line was very steeply graded and sharply curved; on summer weekends high passenger levels were carried, with through carriages from London on many services. The line achieved high levels of interest among railway enthusiasts in later years because a veteran type of steam engine, the Adams 'Radial' Tank 4-4-2T locomotive, was used to handle this traffic; this engine class survived long after the type had been superseded in its original area of use in the London suburbs.
With the decline in usage of rural lines, the branch closed in 1965.
Origins
In earlier times, Lyme Regis had been a busy seaport, but as larger vessels came into use, its business declined. In the nineteenth century, railway travel gained importance, and a number of schemes to construct a railway were promoted; these included a line from Bridgwater (on the Bristol Channel) to Lyme Regis, and another connecting Bridport and Axminster or Chard Junction, serving Lyme Regis en route.
On 19 July 1860 the London and South Western Railway (LSWR) opened its main line between Yeovil and Exeter, giving the area rail transport to London; a horse bus operated between Lyme Regis and Axminster. Over the following years, a Lyme Regis Railway company got as far as cutting the first sod on 29 September 1874, but got no further due to lack of funds.
The hilly terrain and sparse population militated against the financial viability of these projects, and a petition in 1898 with 1,630 names inviting the LSWR to build a branch line to Lyme Regis prompted no result.
The Light Railway Act came into force in 1896, encouraging the development of more modest—and cheaper—railway schemes, and on 15 June 1899 local promoters, now encouraged by the LSWR obtained a Light Railway Order, and Arthur C Pain was appointed engineer of the new company, called the Axminster and Lyme Regis Light Railway.
The Act authorised a share capital of £55,000, supplemented by £24,000 in loans. A contract for the construction of the railway was let to Baldrey and Yerburgh of Westminster, for a tender price of £36,542; Arthur C Pain was appointed the company's engineer.
The LSWR subscribed £25,000 to the cost of the construction, and agreed to manage and work the line in perpetuity. It was to take up to 55% of receipts for expenses, plus 4% on the cost of works it provided; the owning company would take the balance unless that proved inadequate to pay 4% on the shareholders' £55,000, in which case the LSWR would rebate 10% on through traffic.
Construction began on 19 June 1900. The line generally followed contours, and there was only one major structure, the Cannington Viaduct. During its construction the west abutment and the adjacent pier slipped badly, delaying the opening. Other difficulties during construction resulted in delay and an extension of twelve months was authorised, and an application had to be made to the Board of Trade for an additional £10,000 in share capital and £3,000 in loans.
A special train was run on 22 January 1903 with VIP passengers to inspect the nearly-complete line, but difficulties with the Cannington Viaduct prevented the planned opening at Whitsun. The LSWR arranged a horse bus connection from Axminster to Lyme Regis in the intervening period.
The line eventually opened on 24 August 1903; the first train left Lyme Regis at 9.40 a.m., and at 12.25 p.m. a special train for dignitaries left Lyme, also carrying 200 children whose fare had been paid for by public subscription; the train returned at 1.15 p.m.
The railway was operated from the outset by the London and South Western Railway, and was well-used but financially unsuccessful, and the owning company asked the LSW to take it over, which it did, effective on 1 January 1907.
The route
The line was 6 miles 45.6 chains long. Starting from Axminster station, at the level of the River Axe there, it climbed, running broadly southerly to Combpyne, where the only intermediate station was sited. Turning broadly east, it now descended to Lyme Regis, crossing an arm of the River Lim on Cannington Viaduct, and passing through the village of Uplyme: the gradient was too steep to permit a station there. The station at Lyme Regis was inconveniently located on the northern margin of the town, because immediately beyond the line's buffer stops the land falls steeply towards the sea.
The ruling gradient was 1 in 40 in each direction. It was single throughout, with a passing loop at Combpyne. At Axminster passenger trains were accommodated on the Up (north) side of the station in a bay platform, and the line swung south across the main line by a bridge. However the goods yard there was on the downside, and at first there was a goods line access to the branch line on that side, controlled by two ground frames, one at the yard exit and one at the connection on to the single line, higher up. This required departing goods trains stopping and restart on the steep gradient twice while the ground frame was operated, and this difficult arrangement was taken out of use on 5 September 1915, after which down goods trains shunted to the Upside at Axminster and used the branch line itself.
Phillips states that at first the line was operated on the "one engine in steam" principle, with the run-round and yard points at Lyme Regis being operated by a key on the train staff; and that in 1906 Tyers no. 6 instruments were installed, enabling electric train token working, with two sections meeting at Combpyne.
Mitchell and Smith say that Combpyne "originally"—this probably means "after 1906"—had a passing loop, and a fourteen lever signal box. They say that only four levers were ever used, (confirmed by Maggs, suggesting an absence of running signals, implying that the loop was for shunting goods trains off the running line; however the same authors refer to the station having had two platform faces, implying passenger use. Phillips refers to four specific signals operated from the signal box—there were fixed distant signals. The 1910 public timetable reproduced by Mitchell and Smith shows no passenger trains crossing at Combpyne; nor does the July 1922 public timetable.
Locomotives
The LSWR operated the branch from the beginning; the permanent way was very light and permissible axle loads limited, at 12 tons. The locomotives used at first were nos. 734 and 735, Terrier (A1) class 0-6-0T engines; they formerly belonged to the London Brighton & South Coast Railway (LBSCR) for suburban work. However they were not entirely successful due to their limited power. From 1906, the LSWR's own O2 class were employed; these were more powerful 0-4-4T locomotives, but they were not permitted to run with the engine water tanks more than half full to remain within the axle load limit, and they suffered badly from twisted frames and other wear defects due to the sharp line curvature.
From 1913, William Adams' design of unsuperheated 4-4-2T engine, the 415 class, usually referred to as "radial tanks" was brought in. The class had been employed on suburban work in London, and two members of the class were allocated to work on the branch. The trailing axle was designed to move laterally in guides that also rotated it (seen from above) so as to accommodate the curvature of the track.
With a modification to reduce the water capacity to 800 gallons to reduce axle loads, the locomotives, built in 1885, proved surprisingly successful. Trials in the 1920s with former LBSCR D1 class 0-4-2Ts and an ex South Eastern and Chatham Railway P class 0-6-0T were unsuccessful, and the Adams tanks soldiered on. As other members of the class were scrapped because of age and obsolescence, the Radial Tanks became inextricably identified with the Lyme Regis line.
The two locomotives operated all the passenger and goods services on the line, and both were required to be operational except at the quietest times. In 1946 there was concern that overhaul of them was pressing, and a third locomotive of the class was procured. The LSWR had sold this engine to the East Kent Light Railway (then still independent); the Southern Railway (as successor to the LSWR) purchased it back for £800.
In British Railways days, there was again concern about the age and maintainability of the now elderly locomotives, and a former Great Western Railway 14XX 0-4-2T no. 1462 was trialled on the branch, but it was underpowered for the demands of the line.
In 1959 certain sections of track were renewed and some of the sharpest curves were eased, and the following year a former London, Midland and Scottish Railway 2-6-2T no 41297 was tried on the line (on 18 September 1960), and showed itself to be able to negotiate the curved line. Sister locomotive 41308 visited on 13 November 1960 and was tested with gradually increasing train loads up to six coaches, which it achieved successfully. Having enough power to obviate double-heading of the heaviest trains on the branch, engines of this class took over the work from 1960-1961.
Regular steam operation ceased in November 1963 when diesel multiple units took over, although there was a brief return of steam during a shortage of serviceable diesel units: 41291 and a Hawksworth auto-trailer operated the line in February 1965. The following month single-car diesel multiple units arrived and took over until closure of the line on 29 November.
Operations
When the branch opened there were six return journeys every weekday—eight from 1907; in 1908 there were nine, of which two were goods trains and one was mixed. Summer Sunday trains were put on from 1930, and this peaked at eleven in 1938. The winter Sunday service was discontinued in 1951.
During the post-war years, the branch engines alternated, returning to and from Exmouth Junction locomotive shed (near Exeter) piloting a scheduled main line passenger or goods train. At the weekend in summer, the second engine arrived in time to assist with the heavy traffic. Through carriages from and to London trains were marshalled at Axminster, and both locomotives operated heavier trains—up to six coaches—over the branch itself.
As mentioned above, Combpyne was provided with a signal box from July 1906; Phillips refers to the station having a single platform, but also a passing loop. The signal box was closed—actually reduced to ground frame status—from 12 August 1921 and the loop became a siding.
Maggs says that this took place on 17 June 1930 and Mitchell and Smith say that the signal box and the northern points were removed in 1930 and the loop became single ended.
On 27 March 1960, the signalling system on the line reverted to "one engine in steam", with the Lyme Regis signal box being reduced to ground frame status.
Cannington Viaduct
Cannington Viaduct is the only significant structure on the branch; it is 203 yards long with ten elliptical arches of 50 feet span, 92 feet high. It was constructed of mass concrete with pre-cast concrete voussoirs; it was one of the earliest major structures of the type in England, and the second highest of the type. Cement was brought to the Cobb harbour at Lyme Regis, and to the construction site by a 1,000 foot cableway. Crushed flint from locally excavated material was used for the aggregate. It was designed by A C Pain and built by Baldry and Yerbergh of Westminster.
During its construction the west abutment and the adjacent pier slipped during the process of tipping fill material behind it, and it and the first pier settled significantly, distorting the first arch crown to rise, delaying the opening. The displaced foundations were stabilised and the third arch was strengthened by means of a diaphragm wall and a jack arch; the distorted first arch was given a brick arch ring. The line of the viaduct parapet shows a very significant drop at this end, but the structure had been stabilised and did not move further.
Track
When the line was constructed, the track had been light, using flat bottom rails spiked directly to the sleepers. The very sharp curves led to gauge spreading, even under the short wheelbase of the Terrier locomotives, and in 1910 the track was relaid in bullhead material. A second renewal took place later, in Southern Railway days, and a further time in association with easing and recanting of the most difficult curves in 1959.
Closure
Passenger use declined in the years following the Second World War, and only summer weekends remained busy. When the report The Reshaping of British Railways (often referred to as the "Beeching Axe") was produced, the line was included for closure, and this was implemented on 29 November 1965.
The main station building at Lyme Regis was wooden, and after closure it was dismantled and re-erected at Alresford station, on the Watercress Line in Hampshire. The imposing Cannington Viaduct is a Grade II listed structure.
There is a proposal to build a narrow gauge line between Axminster and a park and ride on the coastal road to Seaton, part of which would use part of the trackbed of the former Lyme Regis branch.
In January 2019, Campaign for Better Transport released a report identifying the line was listed as Priority 2 for reopening. Priority 2 is for those lines which require further development or a change in circumstances (such as housing developments).
Gallery
Further reading
Lost Railways of Dorset Leslie Oppitz. Countryside Books 2001.
The Axminster to Lyme Regis Railway E. J. Rose. Kingfisher Railway Publications. 1982.
From Devon to Dorset, The story of the Lyme Regis Branch Martin Smith & George Reeve. Irwell Press Ltd.. 2013.
Notes
References
See also
Southern Railway routes west of Salisbury
Closed railway lines in South West England
Railway companies established in 1899
Railway lines opened in 1903
Railway companies disestablished in 1906
Rail transport in Devon
Rail transport in Dorset
History of Dorset
Lyme Regis
1899 establishments in England
Dewey is the first cloned deer and was born on May 23, 2003. Specifically, they are a White-tailed Deer, or Odocoileus virginianus, and was cloned from a dead buck by the Texas A&M University College of Veterinary Medicine. At last report, Dewey was living a peaceful, uneventful life in College Station, TX.
Dewey was born on May 23, 2003. A DNA analysis proved that they were genetically identical to the donor, a buck that scored a 232 on the Boone and Crockett scale. They were cloned from tissue harvested from the skin cells of the hunted deer. Researchers at Texas A&M are studying their antler growth as well as following their offspring to measure their antler growth.
References
2003 animal births
Cloned animals
Individual deer
Individual animals in the United States
A Gypsy Good Time is a 1992 noir detective novel by Vietnam War veteran Gustav Hasford and the last novel they completed before their death in 1993, at forty-five years old. It is written in the style of classic hardboiled detective fiction and was poorly received by book critics at the time for making too much use of the cliches of the genre. A Gypsy Good Time never received the same critical recognition as Hasford's novels on Vietnam, The Short-Timers (1979) and The Phantom Blooper (1990), and is relatively unknown even among the author's followers. The book is reportedly based on Hasford's disillusionment with Hollywood during the production of Full Metal Jacket (1987).
Plot
Vietnam veteran and Private Investigator Dowdy Lewis, Jr. struggles with alcoholism, their time in the Vietnam War, and their own rapid aging. They meet Yvonna Lablaine, an attractive, red-headed outcast from a prominent Hollywood family, and falls in love. One day, however, after a brief but passionate romance, Lewis finds Lablaine dying at their door, murdered. They then embarks on a quest involving drug dealers, mobsters, and Hollywood moguls in order to find the truth about what happened and to take revenge on the culprits.
Availability
According to the Official Gustav Hasford Website maintained by Hasford's cousin, The Short-Timers, The Phantom Blooper, and A Gypsy Good Time, are currently out of print. The texts of the two war novels and an excerpt of A Gypsy Good Time were publicly available at the website for at least a decade, but the site has since been redesigned, and Hasford's cousin, who manages the site, has stated they "likely won't be reposting the novel" there.
References
American mystery novels
1992 American novels
Wo Ping San Tsuen () is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
Administration
Wo Ping San Tsuen is one of the 36 villages represented within the Tuen Mun Rural Committee. For electoral purposes, Wo Ping San Tsuen is part of the Tuen Mun Rural constituency.
External links
Delineation of area of existing village Wo Ping San Tsuen (Tuen Mun) for election of resident representative (2019 to 2022)
Villages in Hong Kong
Tuen Mun District
This is a list of tambon (sub-districts) in Thailand, beginning with the letter Y. This information is liable to change due to border changes or re-allocation of Tambons.
See also
Organization of the government of Thailand
List of districts of Thailand
List of districts of Bangkok
List of tambon in Thailand
Provinces of Thailand
List of municipalities in Thailand
Y
Rear Admiral M Hasan Ali Khan, ndc, psc, BN (died February 19, 2013) was Chief of Staff of the Bangladesh Navy between 2005 and 2007. They were preceded by Rear Admiral Shah Iqbal Mujtaba ndc, psc, BN and succeeded by Vice Admiral Sarwar Jahan Nizam ndu, psc, BN.
Early life
Khan was born in the hat-laxmipur district of Gaibandha in 1950. They joined as an officer cadet in Pakistan Navy on 9 May 1969. Later they were commissioned into the Executive Branch of Bangladesh Navy in 1972. Admiral Khan graduated from the Defence Services Command & Staff College in Dhaka and National Defence College Dhaka. They also took the degree from United States Pacific Centre for Security Studies Executives course.
Naval commands
Khan commanded a number of ships and establishments of the navy. Khan also held a range of staff command positions including Administrative Authority Dhaka (ADMIN Dhaka) and Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Logistics) at Naval Headquarters. Rear Admiral M Hasan Ali Khan, ndc, psc, BN took over the charge of Chief of Naval Staff on 10 January 2005, and served in that position until retiring on February 10, 2007.
They died on 19 February 2013 and was buried at Banani military graveyard.
References
|-
Chiefs of Naval Staff (Bangladesh)
Bangladeshi Navy admirals
Burials at Banani Graveyard
2013 deaths
Hinterland () in the original Welsh language version is a Welsh noir police procedural series broadcast on S4C in Welsh. The main character, DCI Tom Mathias, is played by Richard Harrington. On 27 November 2013, a second series was announced by S4C. The English-language version, with brief passages of Welsh dialogue, aired on BBC One Wales. When it was shown on the BBC in 2014, it was the first BBC television drama with dialogue in both English and Welsh. A third series of the show began filming in January 2016 and debuted on S4C on 30 October.
The programme is set in Aberystwyth, Ceredigion, Wales, and the three series were filmed in and around the town, often in rural locations.
Production
The series reflects the commitment made in April 2013 by the Director of BBC Cymru Wales, Rhodri Talfan Davies, to show more Welsh language, life, and culture on the mainstream BBC channels.
On a tight budgetfunds that took two and a half years to raisethe total production cost was £4.2 million. The programme-makers received £215,000 in repayable business funding from the Welsh Government, and the first series was mainly filmed in Aberystwyth and the surrounding county of Ceredigion on the west coast of Wales, over a 124‑day period in 2013. The show was filmed in both Welsh and English, with the location-based production offices contained within the former Ceredigion Council offices Swyddfa'r Sir, which also acts as the exterior of the show's police station.
Each scene was filmed twice, in the English and Welsh languages, apart from a few scenes where Welsh with subtitles is used for the English version.
The Welsh version was broadcast (in eight parts) on S4C in October 2013, with the bilingual version (in four parts) broadcast on BBC One Wales in January 2014 and on BBC Four later that year. Danmarks Radio (DR), acquired the rights in 2012 to broadcast the show in Denmark, before filming had commenced.
Cast
Richard Harrington as Detective Chief Inspector Tom Mathias
Mali Harries as Detective Inspector Mared Rhys
Alex Harries as Detective Constable Lloyd Elis
Hannah Daniel as Detective Sergeant Siân Owens
Aneirin Hughes as Chief Superintendent Brian Prosser
Main cast
Episodes
Series overview
Series 1 (2013)
Series 2 (2015)
Series 3 (2016)
Home Video
United States: Region 1 NTSC-DVD in English with English Subtitles
Acorn Home Video released SERIES 1 on July 1, 2014, but no further series releases until Acorn-TV released the COMPLETE SERIES on November 16,2021
United Kingdom: Region 2 PAL-DVD in English & Welsh with English Subtitles on the Welsh version only (currently out of print)
Arrow Films released SERIES 1 on May 26,2014; SERIES 2 on May 30,2016; SERIES 3 and the TRILOGY COMPLETE SERIES on May 29,2017
Netherlands: Region 0 PAL-DVD in English with Dutch Subtitles; Region A,B,C, Blu-ray with both English and Welsh versions, subtitles are in Dutch only (currently out of print)
Just Bridge Entertainment released "SERIE 1" on October 21,2014; "SERIE 2" on January 24,2017; "SERIE 1-3" in 2018
Germany: The series is re-titled "Inspector Mathias - Mord in Wales" Region 2 PAL-DVD & regions A,B,C, Blu-ray Language & Subtitles in German & English
Polyband/WVG released "Staffel" 1 on August 9,2015, "Staffel" 2 on September 5,2016
("Staffel" 3 was never released, nor a competed "Staffel")
Australia: Region 4 PAL-DVD (currently out of print)
Acorn Home Video released SERIES 1 in 2014; SERIES 2 on July 6,2016; SERIES 3 and the TRILOGY COMPLETE SERIES 1-3 on June 7, 2017
References
External links
Y Gwyll
2010s Welsh television series
2013 British television series debuts
2016 British television series endings
2010s British police procedural television series
BBC Cymru Wales television shows
British detective television series
Welsh-language television shows
English-language television shows
S4C original programming
Television shows set in Wales
Tinopolis
BBC television dramas
"O Mundo é Bão, Sebastião!" (The World is Good, Sebastião!) is the sixteenth single by Titãs, released in 2002. "Bão" is "Bom" (Good) written in the caipira dialect. The song was written by bass guitarist Nando Reis and dedicated to their son, Sebastião, who was 6 at the time of the recording.
Reis created the song as the band was preparing to begin work on their then upcoming album, but because they didn't have any song to show them, they were in agony and wrote the lyrics. Then, during a mixing session with Cássia Eller, they showed them the lyrics as they played the piano and asked them to play the chords, and that was the birth of the song.
Track listing
O Mundo é Bão, Sebastião! ("The World is Good, Sebastião!") — 4:15
References
2002 singles
Titãs songs
2001 songs
Songs written by Nando Reis
Bakavol or Bekavol () may refer to:
Bakavol, Nishapur
Bekavol, Torbat-e Heydarieh
TSV 1860 Rosenheim is a German association sport club from the town of Rosenheim, Bavaria. The origins of the club are in the establishment of the gymnastics club and community fire brigade Freiwillige Turnerfeuerwehr Rosenheim on 20 October 1860.
The football departments the greatest success came in 2012, when it won the Bayernliga for the first time and earned promotion to the Regionalliga Bayern.
Apart from football, the club offers eleven different sports, from basketball to triathlon.
History
From 1860 to 1914
The history of TSV goes back to before 1860 when young men trained in gymnastics in the courtyard of Weinwirt Fortner, then a popular wine bar in Rosenheim. On 20 October 1860 the local gymnasts organized themselves as Freiwillige Turnerfeuerwehr Rosenheim, a sports association and volunteer fire brigade. In 1865, the club took up sports education at the local primary school until 1868 when the city of Rosenheim provided a designated area on the Kaiser-Ellmaierstraße for the club's gymnasts to train. In 1870, the club had 35 members, of whom 24 served in the Franco-Prussian War (1870–71). Four club members lost their lives in the conflict.
In 1873, the voluntary fire brigade and the gymnastics club split into two separate entities, with the gymnasts becoming the Turnverein Rosenheim. The 40 member strong club became a registered sporting association in 1893. In 1895, they purchased a property on Wittelsbacherstraße to build a sports hall and sports ground. By the turn of the century in 1900, TV Rosenheim had over 200 members.
From 1914 to 1945
During World War I, club members again served in the armed forces with 40 of their number not returning from the battlefield. Despite these losses, the club formed a football department in 1919, with Georg Bayer as its first chairperson. In these first years, the footballers moved home ground regularly until, in 1923, the ground at Jahnstraße became their permanent home.
Apart from the footballers, the club saw enlargement in many fields in those post-war years, forming a track & field and a swimming department as well.
In 1924, a separation of gymnastics and football clubs took place in across of Germany, as ordered by the Deutscher Turnerbund (German Gymnastics Federation). The footballers of the TVR became independent under the name of Spiel und Sportvereinigung Rosenheim. The TVR continued to grow and in 1933 the footballers re-joined their parent club. A new sports centrum was built, the Sportanlage an der Jahnstraße, at the footballers home ground. The new homeground was inaugurated in a match versus the club's name sake, TSV 1860 München, which ended in a surprising 4–3 victory for the locals in front of 3,000 spectators.
The Second World War again saw many of the club's members called to military service. Of the 170 that went, 60 did not return. The club suffered further when a 1944 air strike on Rosenheim virtually destroyed the sports ground and club house. Another air strike in April 1945 destroyed the tennis courts. Rosenheim was regarded as part of the Alpenfestung (Alpine Fortress) by the Allies and was also located on a major rail and road intersection.
After 1945
The American occupation forces in Bavaria dissolved all sports clubs after the end of the war in 1945 and Rosenheim was no exception. A local sports club however quickly formed, uniting all of Rosenheims associations in the ASV Rosenheim in 1945. The ASV quickly initiated a rebuilding program and in 1946 and 1947 the sports grounds on Jahnstraße and the tennis grounds on Wittelsbacherstraße were rebuilt under the direction of August Rothmann and Hannes Heinritzi. The ASV spent two seasons in the Landesliga Bayern, then the second tier of the German league system. A second place in 1946–47 was followed by a ninth the season after and relegation due to the reduction of the number of Landesligas. The installations on Jahnstraße were finally reopened in 1948. With the liberalization of laws by the occupying forces, the ASV was permitted to return to its original name and the TSV 1860 Rosenheim was reborn in 1950.
The club formed a basketball department in 1960 and constructed a designated sports field for its players in the same year. Also, the club's home at Jahnstraße was overhauled that year. In the year of the one hundred anniversary, the football department achieved its greatest success so far, promotion to the Amateurliga Bayern (III), the highest football league in the state. The club however only lasted one season in this league, finishing 14th and being relegated back to the 2nd Amateurliga. From 1963, the club spent most of its time in the Landesliga Bayern-Süd (IV), where it became something of a fixture, having spent more seasons on this level than any other club in any of the three Bavarian Landesligas. As of 2007, the club leads the all-time table for the Landesliga Süd by an incredible 400 points, ahead of second placed FC Gundelfingen.
The club itself meanwhile formed a bobsleigh department, reflecting the fact of Rosenheims geographical position between the lowlands and the mountains.
The club renovated its stadium and reopened it on 8 September 1969 with a game against FC Bayern Munich who just won its second German championship this year. By 1970, the club had almost 1200 members but the football department found itself dropping to the Bezirksliga for two seasons, returning to the Landesliga in 1972. A new club home was built in 1972 and the town also saw the Olympic flame carried through Rosenheim by the club's athletes for the 1972 Summer Olympics. Six members of the club took part in the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, all in the bobsled competition. The 1980 Winter Olympics saw two members of the TSV compete.
In 1976, the TSV managed for a second time to win promotion to the Bayernliga, this time holding out for six seasons in the highest Bavarian league. A tenth place in 1979 remains the best ever result for the club. A grandstand was built on the northern side of the stadium in 1978, on the strength of Bayernliga membership.
In 1982, the football team was relegated back to the Landesliga. A year later, the under-19's side of the club gained promotion to the Bayernliga, competing with clubs like Bayern Munich and TSV 1860 München in this league. The club's basketball department achieved similar success in 1994, gaining entry in the Oberliga Bayern.
The year 1995 saw the third promotion of the club's senior football team to the Bayernliga. again, they only lasted one year, bounced back straight away to find themselves relegated from the league once more in 1998. Since then, the TSV 1860 has remained in its, almost, permanent home Landesliga. Relegation pain was eased by the fact that the team reached the second round of the German cup (DFB Pokal) in 1999–2000, going out to FC St. Pauli 1–2 at home, after the club won the Bavarian Cup and once more qualified for the national cup competition, financially a major success for a small amateur site like the TSV 1860.
In 1999, a merger with local rival SB/DJK Rosenheim was discussed but failed. Instead, the stadium at Jahnstraße was once more renovated and in 2001 an astro turf field was installed next to the ice hockey stadium.
In 2008–09, the club returned to more successful ways, earning promotion back to the Bayernliga after winning another Landesliga title. In 2011–12 the club took out its first-ever Bayernliga championship and earned promotion to the Regionalliga. In the 2012–13 the club finished on a mid-table spot in the league but won the Bavarian Cup for a second time in the club's history and qualified for the first round of the German Cup. The club finished 15th in the league in 2013–14 and had to defend its Regionalliga place in a play-off round with the Bayernliga runners-up where it survived the first round but was condemned to relegation by fellow Regionalliga club 1. FC Schweinfurt after two defeats.
TSV 1860 offers eleven different sports, as diverse as fencing and triathlon. The club is part of a youth development program with the FC Bayern Munich, one of eleven clubs to currently do so. Bastian Schweinsteiger is currently the most well known player from the club, playing for the English side Manchester United and as the German national team's captain. Schweinsteiger's transfer from Munich to Manchester earned the club a solidarity contribution of €38.000 from Manchester United.
A third-place finish in the Bayrnliga in 2015–16 qualified the club for the promotion round to the Regionalliga. A first-round defeat by FC Augsburg II was followed by victory over Viktoria Aschaffenburg and promotion back to the Regionalliga.
Honours
The club's honours:
League
Bayernliga
Champions: 2012
Landesliga Bayern-Süd (IV-VI)
Champions: (4) 1976, 1995, 1997, 2009
Runners-up: 1966
2nd Amateurliga Oberbayern A (IV)
Champions: (2) 1960, 1963
Bezirksliga Oberbayern-Ost (V)
Champions: 1972
Cup
Bavarian Cup
Winners: 1999, 2013
Youth
Bavarian Under 15 championship
Runners-up: 2003
Recent managers
Recent managers of the club:
Recent seasons
The club's seasons since 1963:
With the introduction of the Bezirksoberligas in 1988 as the new fifth tier, below the Landesligas, all leagues below dropped one tier. With the introduction of the Regionalligas in 1994 and the 3. Liga in 2008 as the new third tier, below the 2. Bundesliga, all leagues below dropped one tier. With the establishment of the Regionalliga Bayern as the new fourth tier in Bavaria in 2012 the Bayernliga was split into a northern and a southern division, the number of Landesligas expanded from three to five and the Bezirksoberligas abolished. All leagues from the Bezirksligas onwards were elevated one tier.
Local rivals
There is currently eight different football clubs in Rosenheim, however, only one other than the TSV 1860 has competed on the highest Bavarian level, this being the SB/DJK Rosenheim, who played in the Bayernliga for one season in 1978–79, alongside the TSV. The two clubs have only played one season in the same league after that, 1982–83 in the Landesliga. After 24 years, the Sportbund returned to the Landesliga in 2007 and once more a derby was played. Both clubs lingered in mid table of the Landesliga all season, with no real promotion or relegation issues to worry about. The two games in the league against each other happened to be staged within five days in November 2007, each side winning their home game 2–1. In the final table of the Landesliga in 2007–08, the TSV finished one spot above the SB.
The league derbys between TSV and SB since 1971:
{| class="wikitable"
|-
! Season
! League
! Teams
! Home
! Away
|-
| align="left"| 1971–72
| align="left"| Bezirksliga
| align="left"| TSV 1860 Rosenheim – SB/DJK Rosenheim
| align="center"| 3–0
| align="center"| 3–0
|-
| align="left"| 1978–79
| align="left"| Bayernliga
| align="left"| TSV 1860 Rosenheim – SB/DJK Rosenheim
| align="center"| 0–0
| align="center"| 3–0
|-
| align="left"| 1982–83
| align="left"| Landesliga
| align="left"| TSV 1860 Rosenheim – SB/DJK Rosenheim
| align="center"| 0–1
| align="center"| 1–1
|-
| align="left"| 2007–08
| align="left"| Landesliga
| align="left"| TSV 1860 Rosenheim – SB/DJK Rosenheim
| align="center"| 2–1
| align="center"| 1–2
|-
| align="left"| 2008–09
| align="left"| Landesliga
| align="left"| TSV 1860 Rosenheim – SB/DJK Rosenheim
| align="center"| 1–0
| align="center"| 0–1
|-
| align="left"| 2011–12
| align="left"| Bayernliga
| align="left"| TSV 1860 Rosenheim – SB/DJK Rosenheim
| align="center"| 3–3
| align="center"| 0–3
|-
| align="left"| 2012–13
| align="left"| Bavarian Cup
| align="left"| SB/DJK Rosenheim – TSV 1860 Rosenheim
| colspan=2 align="center"| 0–1
|-
| align="left"| 2014–15
| align="left"| Bayernliga| align="left"| TSV 1860 Rosenheim – SB/DJK Rosenheim
| align="center"| 2–1
| align="center"| 3–1
|}
Source:
Local competition
While the TSV 1860 overshadows the Sportbund in football, it in turn is no match to the other club's ice hockey department. Three German titles and three more lost final series are the SB's (which now stands for Star Bulls) record on national level. Like many of the small southern Bavarian towns, hockey far dominates football in popularity and success. the SB Rosenheim currently competes in the Oberliga Süd (III), having avoided relegation in the 2007–08 season and being a far cry from its former glory. In its better days in the 1980s, the club provided at times a third of the German national ice hockey team. Still, ice hockey attracts far more spectators, and passion, then football in Rosenheim.
Current squad
Club members at the Olympics
Six members of the club took part in the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, those were:
Georg Heibl, 2-men bobsled, finished 5th in the competition Fritz Ohlwärter, 2-men bobsled, finished 5th in the competition Richard Horner, 4-men bobsled, finished 5th in the competition Hans Morant, 4-men bobsled, finished 5th in the competition Hans Wagner, 4-men bobsled, finished 5th in the competition Siegi Radandt, 4-men bobsled, finished 5th in the competitionTwo members of the club took part in the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, those were:
Hans Wagner, bobsled, finished 7th in the competition Walter Barfuß, 4-men bobsled, finished 7th in the competition''
DFB Cup appearances
The club has qualified for the first round of the German Cup twice, in 1999 when it received a bye and advanced to the second round and in 2013:
Source:
References
External links
Official homepage of the football club TSV 1860 Rosenheim
Website of the sports club TSV 1860 Rosenheim
Vereinschronik – History of the TSV 1860 Rosenheim (in German)
Das deutsche Fußball-Archiv historical German domestic league tables (in German)
Football clubs in Germany
Football clubs in Bavaria
Multi-sport clubs in Germany
Sport clubs established in 1860
Football in Upper Bavaria
Rosenheim
1860 establishments in Bavaria
Association football clubs established in 1919
Internet slang
The Assyrian Progressive Nationalist Party is an Assyrian political party with the goal to revive the Assyrian nation in Iraq, for the Assyrian people. It was founded by Ashur Bit-Shlimon in 1990.
References
Assyrian nationalism
Assyrian political parties
Assyrians in Iraq
Nationalist parties in Asia
Political parties of minorities in Iraq
The action of 18 October 1782 was a minor naval engagement of the American Revolutionary War, in which the French 74-gun ship of the line Scipion, accompanied by the 40-gun frigate Sibylle, was chased by two Royal Navy ships of the line, the 98-gun HMS London and the 74-gun Torbay. Outmanoeuvring their larger opponents, Scipion obtained a favourable position that allowed them to rake London, causing severe damage and allowing them to continue running from the superior British force. Scipion went to anchor in Samaná Bay but while doing so hit a rock and sank, while Sibylle succeeded in escaping the area.
Action
On 17 October 1782, during the American Revolutionary War, a British squadron consisting of the 98-gun ship of the line HMS London, 74-gun ship of the line HMS Torbay, and 14-gun sloop HMS Badger was sailing off the coast of San Domingo when they spotted two strange sails. The squadron chased the ships to the north-west and discovered them to be the French 74-gun ship of the line Scipion and their consort the 40-gun frigate Sibylle. At 2:24 p.m. London, Captain James Kempthorne, had succeeded in coming within range of Scipion, Captain Nicolas Henri de Grimouard, and the two ships of the line began a running fight mostly with the use of their chase guns and the occasional broadside from London. Sibylle went to the assistance of their compatriot and attacked Londons bow as they concentrated on Scipion, inflicting much damage. London continued to close on Scipion until finally at 8:30 p.m. they began to trade broadsides alongside each other. The bombardment continued until 8:50 p.m. when the two ships of the line crashed together, with Scipions cathead coming alongside Londons starboard gangway.
The close proximity of the vessels allowed muskets and other small arms to come into effect, with each side firing into the groups of men operating their opponent's upper deck guns and causing much carnage. Soon however Scipion managed to get clear of their opponent by backing away from her, and sailed astern of her, where they raked London. The fire of Scipion, going from stern to bow of the British ship, destroyed much of their rigging and masts, leaving them disabled. While Scipion had been manoeuvring around London, Torbay, Captain John Gidoin, had finally managed to come into action and began firing into Scipions larboard side, but the now-disabled London crashed into them as they went about their work, leaving both British ships tangled together.
At 10:20 p.m. Scipion stopped firing and Sibylle escaped from the action. Concluding that the French ship of the line had surrendered, London attempted to come up and take possession of her, but was unable to do so because of the state of their rigging. Kempthorne charged Gidoin with sailing towards Scipion, but while this was happening the French ship caught a gust of wind and began to sail away. After re-organising themselves the British ships began their chase once again. They did so through the night of 17–18 October, but despite exchanging some shots the French succeeded in lengthening the distance between them and their pursuers, so that by the morning of 18 October Torbay, the lead ship, was a mile and a half behind Scipion. By 3:30 p.m. Torbay had succeeded in gaining ground on Scipion and Gidoin began to fire into her, at which point Scipion sailed into Samaná Bay, in what is now the Dominican Republic, and attempted to anchor there. Having credibly escaped an enemy force of over double their strength, they then struck a rock and sank in the bay. Scipion was a total loss but their crew escaped almost intact from the action.
Aftermath
Louis XVI made Grimouard, who had been wounded in the action, a count for their actions in fighting off and then successfully escaping the superior British squadron, and commissioned a painting of the action from Auguste-Louis de Rossel de Cercy. Kempthorne was put in front of a court of enquiry because of their inability to take Scipion in open action, but they were honourably acquitted of all charges.
Combatant summary
In this table, "Guns" refers to all cannon carried by the ship, including the maindeck guns which were taken into consideration when calculating its rate, as well as any carronades carried aboard. Broadside weight records the combined weight of shot which could be fired in a single simultaneous discharge of an entire broadside.
Sources and references
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Conflicts in 1782
Naval battles involving France
Naval battles involving Great Britain
Naval battles of the Anglo-French War (1778–1783)
1782 in the Caribbean
WBKE-FM (89.5 FM) was a college station in North Manchester, Indiana. It primarily featured college radio content. It featured a local college student view on music. It held two events during the year, Fuze fest and Chet fest. The station showed a variety of student DJs from different parts of the world.
WBKE-FM started broadcasting on September 25, 1947. It started as WMIB and was used to broadcast news and sporting events. Its first sports broadcast was December 18, 1947, in a game between Manchester and Ball State. It was broadcast from Muncie, as a basketball game. The radio station continued as WMIB until the 1967–68 school year, when the station went to Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licensing and the call letters were switched to WBKE-FM after the last names of three former station managers.
WBKE-FM held the event Fuze Fest during the fall semester. This event featured local music or a cultural event featuring music. Past Fuze fest have been a showing of the Wizard of Oz, and the band Trackless. Fuze fest 2013 was a concert with the headliners O'Sister Brother.
Chet fest was the big event for the radio station. It was held in spring semester and it was a concert with a big band. It was combined with battle of the bands, where the winner would be able to open for the headliner for chet fest. Past headliners for chet fest include The Dead Records, Stoke 9, The Knux, and recently Junior doctor. A concert was not done for 2014 due to changes in the station.
Manchester University surrendered the station's license to the FCC on June 20, 2016; in its notification, the university said that WBKE-FM would shut down on June 24. The station's license was cancelled on June 27, 2016.
Notable alumni
Mike Emrick
References
External links
WBKE official website
NPR member stations
BKE-FM
BKE-FM
Defunct radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 1968
1968 establishments in Indiana
Radio stations disestablished in 2016
2016 disestablishments in Indiana
BKE-FM
The Leckhampton Players is an amateur dramatics company based in Leckhampton, near Cheltenham. Founded in 1947, it performs regularly at Leckhampton Village Hall. Productions typically include a pantomime in January/February each year, a musical show in May/June, and a play (most often comedy/farce) in October. The Players celebrated its fiftieth anniversary in 1997.
The Players won the Gloucestershire Drama Association award for Best Pantomime in 2000, 2001 and 2006.
Historical Productions
1970 Puss in Boots
Productions since 1975
Recent Productions
2011 Old Time Music Hall
2011 Mother Goose
2010 S(w)inging the 60's
2010 Dry Rot
2010 Dick Whittington
2009 Hello & Goodbye
2009 Viva Mexico
2009 Raise the Roof (charity fundraising concert)
2009 The Wizard of Oz
2008 Kindly Keep It Covered
2008 From Stage to Screen
2008 Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves
2007 Murder in Play
2007 Murder at the Music Hall
2007 Frankenstein - The Panto
2006 Inspector Drake and the Perfekt Crime
2006 Wild Wild Women
2006 Cinderella
References
External links
Leckhampton Players
Theatre companies in the United Kingdom
Leckhampton
The Tasmanian scrubwren or brown scrubwren (Sericornis humilis) is a bird species endemic to the temperate forests of Tasmania and nearby King Island. It lives in the understory of rainforest, woodland, dry forest, swamps and coastal scrublands.
Placed in the family Pardalotidae in the Sibley-Ahlquist taxonomy, this has met with opposition and indeed is now no longer accepted; they instead are currently placed in the independent family Acanthizidae. It is alternately considered a subspecies of the smaller white-browed scrubwren, and further research is needed to understand the relationships between the two species.
References
Sericornis
Endemic birds of Tasmania
Birds described in 1838
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The Cincinnati Time Store (1827-1830) was the first in a series of retail stores created by American individualist anarchist Josiah Warren to test their economic labor theory of value. The experimental store operated from May 18, 1827 until May 1830. They sold things at-cost plus a small markup for their time. It is usually considered to be the first time alternative currency labor notes were used, and as such the first experiment in what would later be called mutualism. They also founded stores in New Harmony, Indiana and at Modern Times, Long Island. The store in Cincinnati closed in 1830 with Warren being satisfied they demonstrated running and managing a business without the "erection of any power over the individual". Their theory replacing money with time was turned into an actual practical demonstration project. It was the first such activity, preceding similar labor notes in Europe by more than 20 years, and still has implications for other concepts of currency such as cryptocurrencies. Nonetheless, at the time it was the most popular mercantile institution in Cincinnati.
History
Warren embraced the labor theory of value, which says that the value of a commodity is the amount of labor that goes into producing or acquiring it. From this they concluded that it was therefore unethical to charge more labor for a product than the labor required to produce it. Warren summed up this policy in the phrase "Cost the limit of price," with "cost" referring the amount of labor one exerted in producing a good. Believing the labor is the foundational cost of things, they held that equal amounts of labor should, naturally, receive equal material compensation. They set out to examine if their theories could be put to practice by establishing their "labor for labor store." If their experiment proved to be successful, their plan was to establish various colonies whose participants all agreed to use "cost the limit of price" in all economic transactions, hoping that all society would eventually adopt the tenet in all economic affairs.
In the store, customers could purchase goods with "labor notes" which represented an agreement to perform labor. The items in the store were initially marked up 7% to account for the labor required to bring them to market with the price increasing the longer the time that a customer spent with the shopkeeper, as measured by a timer dial; later this markup was reduced to 4%. Corn was used as a standard, with 12 pounds of corn being exchangeable with one hour of labor. The result of the system was that no one was able to profit from the labor of another — every individual ostensibly received the "full produce" of their labor. Adjustments were made for the difficulty and disagreeableness of the work performed, so that time was not the only factor taken into consideration. Warren also set up boards on the wall where individuals could post what kind of services they were seeking or had to sell so that others could respond, and trade among each other using labor notes.
After a rough initial period, the store proved to be very successful. Warren's goods were much cheaper than competitors', though they maintained that they were not trying to put other stores out of business. Another store in the neighborhood converted to Warren's methods. The fact that prices for goods rose the more time a customer spent with Warren resulted in very efficient transactions. Warren said that they were doing more business in one hour than normal businesses do in one day, leading them to close shop part of the day to rest. Though the store was successful, the problem of equal labor times for different difficulties of work was a concern for Warren. They were never able to reconcile the objectivity of their "labor for labor" prescription treating all labor as essentially fungible goods with the subjectivity employed in determining how much time used for one type labor entailed the same amount of work exerted during a different amount of time performing another type of labor. They settled to simply credit it with being a matter of individual judgment. Warren closed the store in May 1830 in order to depart to set up colonies based upon the labor-cost principle (the most successful of these being "Utopia"), convinced that the store was a successful experiment in "Cost the limit of price."
In fact, the store became Cincinnati's most popular at the time. As Cincinnati librarian Steve Kemple noted:
When the advantages of the store became known and its method understood, it was the most popular mercantile institution in the city. The people called it the “Time Store,” not because it gave credit or sold goods on installments, but on account of the peculiar and original method adopted to fix and regulate the amount of the merchant's compensation. This was determined on the principle of the equal exchange of labor, measured by the time occupied, and exchanged hour for hour with other kinds of labor.
Josiah Warren credited Robert Owen with the creation of the idea for the labor-for-labor note. It was Warren, however, that actually put it into practice at the Time Store. Indeed, Owen thereafter opened the National Equitable Labour Exchange, which embodied the same concept and practice. The Cincinnati Time Store experiment in use of labor as a medium of exchange antedated similar European efforts by two decades.
Reception
Betty Joy Nash noted that, to varying degrees, the time store "communities strived to eliminate discrimination by class, sex, and race, and fostered education and scientific inquiry".
The documentary film Anarchism in America (1981), by Pacific Street Films and funded by the National Endowment for the Humanities, argued that Anarchism had its roots in 19th America with people like Josiah Warren and the Time Store.
Although it goes back to 1827 through 1830, Josiah Warner's "Cincinnati Time Store", which sold merchandise in units of hours of work called "labour notes" which resembled paper money, this was "[p]erhaps ... the anticipator of all future" Local exchange trading systems, and was even a precursor to modern cryptocurrency.
Economist Robert J. Shiller used the perceived failure of the Cincinnati Time Store as an analogy to suggest that cryptocurrencies (e.g., Bitcoin) are a "speculative bubble" waiting to burst.
Related published works
Plan of the Cincinnati Labor for Labor Store by Josiah Warren (1829) Mechanics Free Press.
Equitable Commerce by Josiah Warren (1846) (New York: Burt Franklin)
See also
Cost the limit of price
Josiah Warren
Labor theory of value
Labour voucher
Mutualism (economic theory)
Store of value
Time-based currency
Time store
References
Notes
Citations
Bibliography
Equitable Commerce by Josiah Warren (1846)
1827 establishments in Ohio
1830 disestablishments in Ohio
Anarchist organizations in the United States
Defunct companies based in Ohio
History of Cincinnati
Labour economics
Labor history
American companies disestablished in 1830
American companies established in 1827
Nefedikha () is a rural locality (a village) in Velikodvorskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 7 as of 2002.
Geography
Nefedikha is located 46 km southwest of Totma (the district's administrative centre) by road. Davydikha is the nearest rural locality.
References
Rural localities in Tarnogsky District
William Law Bilsland (born 9 November 1945) is a British former cyclist. They competed in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics. They retired from racing in 1974 and opened the eponymous bike shop Billy Bilsland Cycles in 1980 in Glasgow's Saltmarket which is now run by their son Neil.
References
External links
1945 births
Living people
British male cyclists
Olympic cyclists of Great Britain
Cyclists at the 1968 Summer Olympics
Cyclists from Glasgow
John D. Groopman is an American cancer researcher.
Groopman completed their bachelor's degree at Elmira College in 1974, then obtained a doctorate in toxicology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1979. They remained at MIT for postdoctoral research, and subsequently worked for the National Cancer Institute within the Laboratory of Human Carcinogenesis. Groopman served as the Anna M. Baetjer Professor and Chair of the Department of Environmental Health Sciences at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, and later the Edyth H. Schoenrich Professorship in Preventive Medicine. In 2010, Groopman received the Award for Excellence in Cancer Prevention Research jointly awarded by the American Association for Cancer Research and the Prevent Cancer Foundation.
References
Year of birth missing (living people)
Living people
Cancer researchers
Elmira College alumni
Massachusetts Institute of Technology alumni
Johns Hopkins University faculty
Matthis Harsman (born 4 October 1999) is a German professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for SV Meppen.
Career
After their career beginnings in the youth department of ASC Grün-Weiß 49 in Wielen, Harsman moved to the academy of SV Meppen in summer 2015. There they were promoted to the first team of the Meppen-based club, competing in the 3. Liga, at the beginning of the 2018–19 season.
On 26 October 2019, they made their professional debut in the 3–3 away draw against Hallescher FC when they came on for Willi Evseev in the 42nd minute of the game, as regular goalkeeper Erik Domaschke had been sent off.
References
External links
Living people
1999 births
German footballers
Footballers from Lower Saxony
Association football goalkeepers
3. Liga players
SV Meppen players
The 1994 Brent Council election took place on 5 May 1994 to elect members of Brent London Borough Council in London, England. The whole council was up for election and the council stayed in no overall control.
Background
Election result
Ward results
References
1994
1994 London Borough council elections
A fire ring is a construction or device used to contain campfires and prevent them from spreading and turning into wildfires.
A fire ring is designed to contain a fire that is built directly upon the ground, such as a campfire. Fire rings have no bottom, and are simply circles made of forged metal, stones, concrete, etc. which surround and contain a fire. Manufactured steel fire rings are available in various sizes to suit every need.
When a fire is to be built somewhere such as on a patio or in a backyard, a fire pit or outdoor fireplace may be better used instead. These are designed to contain the entire fire instead of just keeping it in one place.
A fire ring may be nothing more than a short, wide section of metal tube, partially buried in the ground. Slightly more advanced fire rings may be partially covered with metal bars so that the fire may be used for cooking. These types are seen at many campgrounds. Fire rings in urban areas, such as on beaches, may be made of poured concrete. Makeshift fire rings can be constructed out of a ring of stones where pre-constructed rings are not available, but care should be taken as some stones can explode when heated due to trapped gas pockets, thermal expansion, or water contained flashing into steam.
See also
Fire pit
Fireplaces
Nardoa rosea, the rose sea star, is a species of sea star of the family Ophidiasteridae.
References
Animals described in 1921
Ophidiasteridae
Feat (stato di natura) is the fourth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Francesca Michielin, released by RCA Records on 13 March 2020. Following Michielin's participation in the 71st Sanremo Music Festival as part of a duo with Fedez, the album will be re-released on 5 March 2021. The new edition of the album, titled Feat (fuori dagli spazi), will feature new collaborations, including Michielin and Fedez's Sanremo entry "Chiamami per nome", and the song "Cattive stelle", written and performed with Vasco Brondi.
Singles
"Cheyenne" was released as the lead single from the album on 15 November 2019. The song peaked at number 66 on the Italian Singles Chart.
On 13 February 2020, Michielin announced that the album's release would be anticipated by three concerts, each with a different location, theme and arrangement, to take place on 20 February, 27 February and 5 March 2020 in Milan. A new song from Feat (stato di natura) was premiered at each concert and released the following day. The first concert took place at the Rocket nightclub, with a vintage electro theme and the premiere of the song "Gange", featuring the Italian rapper Shiva. "Gange" was released on the following day, 21 February. The song peaked at number 61 on the Italian Singles Chart, becoming the album's highest peaking track. The second concert was planned to take place at the Serraglio nightclub, with an urban orchestral theme and the premiere of the song "Riserva naturale", featuring Italian duo Coma Cose. On 24 February, the event was cancelled in accordance with measures intended to prevent the spread of the coronavirus in Lombardy, with Michielin later announcing that the concert would be live-streamed on Facebook instead. The third concert was broadcast on RaiPlay on 5 March 2020 and included the live debut of the song "Monolocale" featuring Fabri Fibra.
The album's title track "Stato di natura" was released as the second single from the album on 13 March 2020, peaking at number 99 on the Italian Singles Chart. On 3 April 2020, "Monolocale" was sent to Italian radios as the album's third single.
Track listing
Notes
All track titles stylized in all caps.
Charts
Certifications
References
2020 albums
Francesca Michielin albums
RCA Records albums
Vocal duet albums
The 1959 Air Force Falcons football team represented the United States Air Force Academy as an independent during the 1959 NCAA University Division football season. Led by second-year head coach Ben Martin, the Falcons played their home games at DU Stadium in Denver and Folsom Field in Boulder, Colorado. They outscored their opponents 160–124 and finished with a record of 5–4–1.
This was the first year the Falcons played Army, a respectable before 67,000 at Yankee Stadium in The two academies met in odd-numbered years (except 1961) through 1971, and have played annually in the competition (with Navy) for the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy, first awarded in 1972.
Following the Army game, the Falcons were at but lost three of four in November.
Schedule
References
Air Force
Air Force Falcons football seasons
Air Force Falcons football
Edd William Bowers (September 4, 1922 – September 16, 2008) was an American football and basketball coach. They served as the head football coach at Iowa Wesleyan College in Mount Pleasant, Iowa from 1956 to 1959 and Grinnell College in Grinnell, Iowa from 1960 to 1978, compiling a career college football coaching record of 89–105–2. Bowers was also the head men's basketball coach at Grinnell from 1973 to 1974.
Head coaching record
College football
References
External links
1922 births
2008 deaths
Grinnell Pioneers football coaches
Grinnell Pioneers football players
Grinnell Pioneers men's basketball coaches
Iowa Wesleyan Tigers athletic directors
Iowa Wesleyan Tigers football coaches
High school football coaches in Iowa
Rhinosolea microlepidota is a species of sole native to the Pacific Ocean from around the Ryukyu Islands. This species grows to a length of SL. This species is the only known member of its genus.
References
Soleidae
Taxa named by Henry Weed Fowler
Fish of Japan
Monotypic marine fish genera
Ruggero Freddi (born October 6, 1976) is an Italian mathematics lecturer and former gay pornographic film actor known professionally as Carlo Masi.
Early life and education
Freddi was born in Rome in 1976 to a "poor" family. Their parents divorced when they were three years old. At the age of 14, they began to work out at a local gym, practicing bodybuilding assiduously. In 2002, when they were about to complete their first cycle of study at the Sapienza University of Rome, they moved to Canada, and subsequently to New York.
Career
In 2003, Masi completed a Master of Science (MSc) degree in computer engineering at the Sapienza University of Rome and worked in an artificial intelligence laboratory.
Pornography
In 2004, after being contacted by a Colt Studio Group (CSG) recruiter, they made their debut in the gay pornography industry participating in their first porn movie, Big N 'Plenty. After their debut, they signed an exclusive model contract with CSG. They have always promoted safe sex, fraternising with the Italian LGBT community.
In 2006, they were selected to appear on the cover of COLT 40, a coffee table book published to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the production company.
In 2007, Masi and their future husband, Adam Champ (), were selected to appear on the cover of the Damron 2007 Men's Travel Guide.
In 2008, CSG and Calaexotic released a dildo reproduction of Masi's penis. That same year, they were named the first and only Colt Man Emeritus and their contract was extended to lifetime one. In 2008, Masi and Champ, were selected to appear on the cover of Adam Gay Film & Video Directory Magazine.
During their porn career, they were a guest on national Italian TV shows like , L'Infedele and . Moreover, they were featured in several tours across America, Mexico and Europe to promote the CSG brand. Their porn career lasted six years (from age 28 to 34). Following a disagreement with Colt in 2009, Masi retired from the pornographic industry.
They then entered the theatre industry. In 2010, they were officially announced as a permanent member of the cast of Saturday Night Live Italia but they never appeared on the show.
In 2011, they were included in the anthologies Porn from Andy Warhol to X-Tube and Gay Porn Heroes: 100 Most Famous Porn Stars. In 2013, they were interviewed for the documentary HUSTLABALL BERLIN - A Documentary That Bares All. In 2014, they were included in the coffee table book produced by Colt entitled Hairy Chested Men.
Theatre
In 2009, they made their theatre debut with Senzaparole, a reinterpretation of Samuel Beckett's Act Without Words I, directed by and staged in Bologna with the theatre company. and later in Rome at the .
Academia
After working in the theatre, Masi decided to return to the Sapienza University of Rome. There they earned a Bachelor of Science degree (cum laude) in mathematics, with a score of 110/110 and then a Master of Science degree (cum laude) in mathematics with a score of 110/110. In 2020, they completed a Ph.D. in Mathematical Models for Engineering, Electromagnetism and Nanosciences at Sapienza University of Rome focusing on the application of Morse theory to a Dirichlet problem traced back to Poisson equations. Their doctoral advisors were Angela Pistoia and .
While they were working on their doctorate, they were a lecturer for Analysis 1 and Analysis 2 courses at the Faculty of Engineering at the Sapienza University of Rome.
Media attention
In 2017, an article published by la Repubblica brought to light their past as a porn actor causing a media frenzy. The story was picked up by numerous newspapers around the world.
In 2020, writer Strega Prize winner published La natura è innocente – Due vite quasi vere. This book is a double biography, told in alternate chapters, one of which is that of Ruggero Freddi.
Personal life
In 2015, they married Prince Giovanni Fieschi Ravaschieri in Porto. In 2016, they remained their widower.
During their participation at Pomeriggio Cinque, they proposed to their partner, . The civil union was celebrated on May 4, 2018, and was broadcast live on Pomeriggio Cinque.
Selected videography
Awards
See also
LGBT people in science
List of actors in gay pornographic films
References
Citations
Bibliography
External links
1976 births
21st-century Italian male actors
21st-century Italian mathematicians
Gay academics
Gay scientists
Gay pornographic film actors
Gay sportsmen
Italian bodybuilders
Italian male stage actors
LGBT bodybuilders
LGBT scientists from Italy
LGBT sportspeople from Italy
Living people
Male actors from Rome
Sapienza University of Rome alumni
Sapienza University of Rome faculty
21st-century LGBT people
The 2017 Dutch Darts Masters was the ninth of twelve PDC European Tour events on the 2017 PDC Pro Tour. The tournament took place at MECC Eventcentre, Maastricht, Netherlands, between 1–3 September 2017. It featured a field of 48 players and £135,000 in prize money, with £25,000 going to the winner.
Michael van Gerwen was the defending champion after defeating Daryl Gurney 6–2 in the final of the 2016 tournament, and they retained their title for the 4th consecutive year by defeating Steve Beaton 6–1 in the final.
More than half of all seeds (nine out of 16) did lose their first match, thus resulting in the most seeds crashed out in a European Tour Event after the second round (since the adaption of 16 seeds in the second round in 2014) till the 2019 Czech Darts Open which then saw 11 out of 16 seeds lost in their opening match.
Prize money
This is how the prize money is divided:
Qualification and format
The top 16 entrants from the PDC ProTour Order of Merit on 30 June automatically qualified for the event and were seeded in the second round.
The remaining 32 places went to players from five qualifying events – 18 from the UK Qualifier (held in Barnsley on 7 July), eight from the West/South European Qualifier (held on 31 August), four from the Host Nation Qualifier (held on 31 August), one from the Nordic & Baltic Qualifier (held on 19 May) and one from the East European Qualifier (held on 25 August).
The following players took part in the tournament:
Top 16
Michael van Gerwen (Winner)
Peter Wright (Semi-finals)
Mensur Suljović (Second round)
Simon Whitlock (Third round)
Michael Smith (Semi-finals)
Ian White (Second round)
Kim Huybrechts (Second round)
Benito van de Pas (Second round)
Daryl Gurney (Quarter-finals)
Jelle Klaasen (Second round)
Alan Norris (Second round)
Joe Cullen (Third round)
Cristo Reyes (Second round)
Gerwyn Price (Second round)
Rob Cross (Third round)
Mervyn King (Second round)
UK Qualifier
Nathan Aspinall (Third round)
Steve Beaton (Runner-Up)
James Wilson (First round)
Steve West (Second round)
Kyle Anderson (Third round)
Jim Walker (Second round)
Darren Webster (First round)
John Henderson (Quarter-finals)
Kirk Shepherd (Second round)
Harry Robinson (First round)
Justin Pipe (First round)
Chris Quantock (First round)
Jamie Bain (First round)
Ryan Searle (First round)
Jamie Lewis (Second round)
Robert Owen (Quarter-finals)
Steve Lennon (First round)
Richard North (First round)
West/South European Qualifier
René Berndt (First round)
Max Hopp (First round)
Nico Blum (First round)
Mike De Decker (Third round)
Martin Schindler (Third round)
Ronny Huybrechts (First round)
Rowby-John Rodriguez (Second round)
John Michael (First round)
Host Nation Qualifier
Jimmy Hendriks (Second round)
Christian Kist (Third round)
Justin van Tergouw (First round)
Jeffrey de Zwaan (Second round)
Nordic & Baltic Qualifier
Ulf Ceder (First round)
East European Qualifier
Krzysztof Ratajski (Quarter-finals)
Draw
References
2017 PDC European Tour
2017 in Dutch sport
Şuacan Pişkin (born August 4, 1990) is a Turkish professional basketball player who plays for Galatasaray Liv Hospital.
Professional career
Early years
Pişkin was born in İstanbul and started playing basketball for İTÜ in 2003. In 2006, they were started to play for first team when they were 16 years old. They played for 3 seasons, until they were loaned to Yeşilyurt for 2009-10 season. They returned to İTÜ for next season and transferred to Mersin BŞB in 2011. They returned to İstanbul, İstanbulspor. Their wages did not pay for 8 months and they left the team. In 2013 they joined third division, TB3L team Basketspor.
Galatasaray
In the summer of 2013, they joined to Galatasaray Liv Hospital as a training player. However they stayed at the team for the 2013-14 season and become part of TBL finalist team. In the summer of 2014, it was announced that they will be with team for next season. However, they then signed with Adanaspor. In February 2015, Pişkin joined Galatasaray to replace the injured point guard Carlos Arroyo.
References
External links
TBLStat.net Profile
Eurobasket Profile
1990 births
Living people
Point guards
Shooting guards
Basketball players from Istanbul
Turkish men's basketball players
Adanaspor Basketbol players
Galatasaray S.K. (men's basketball) players
Octavio Andrés Páez Gil (born 28 February 2000) is a Venezuelan football who last played as a midfielder for Leiknir Reykjavík.
Career
In 2018, Páez joined the youth academy of Croatian side Istra 1961. In 2021, they signed for Leiknir Reykjavík.
References
External links
Living people
2000 births
Venezuelan footballers
Venezuela youth international footballers
Association football midfielders
NK Istra 1961 players
Croatian Football League players
Venezuelan expatriate footballers
Venezuelan expatriate sportspeople in Croatia
Expatriate footballers in Croatia
Scott James Remnant (born 18 July 1980) is an open source software engineer. Scott served as a long-time Debian developer until 2006 and worked as "Ubuntu Developer Manager" on the Ubuntu Linux distribution at Canonical Ltd. They now work at Google as a Technical Lead on Bluetooth Systems.
Work
Ran the Linux humor website Segfault.org
While a Debian developer, Scott maintained several important packages, notably libtool and dpkg
Is the author of the Upstart initialization system
Developed the Planet weblog aggregation system
They served on the Ubuntu Technical Board until October 2011
Personal life
Scott is openly gay, and believes it important to be open about it to support others in the open source community.
References
External links
Interview with Remnant by FOSDEM
Another interview with Remnant focusing on Upstart
1980 births
Living people
Free software programmers
Debian people
Open source people
Ubuntu (operating system) people
Google employees
LGBT people from England
Gay men
The Maranhão gubernatorial election was held on 5 October 2014 to elect the next Governor of the state of Maranhão in Brazil. If no candidate had received more than 50% of the vote, a second-round runoff election would have been held on 26 October. Governor Roseana was ineligible to run due to term limits. Former Embratur President Dino, who lost to Sarney in 2010, won a landslide election against Senator Lobão Filho to become the sole Governor from one of the two Communist parties.
Candidates
Opinion Polling
Results
References
2014 Brazilian gubernatorial elections
October 2014 events in South America
2014
The Grand Canyon (Hebrew: גרנד קניון, literally "Grand Mall," a play on words with the actual Grand Canyon) is the largest shopping mall in northern Israel, located in the northern city of Haifa.
It features 220 stores, of which approximately 80% are chain stores. Inside the mall there is also a spa, and a children's amusement park which closed in April 2014.
The mall opens half an hour after sunset on Saturday out of respect for the Jewish Sabbath. However, some stores and restaurants are open on Saturdays.
References
See also
List of shopping malls in Israel
Lev HaMifratz Mall
Buildings and structures in Haifa
Shopping malls in Israel
Shopping malls established in 1999
Tourist attractions in Haifa
1999 establishments in Israel
The Folkestone White Horse is a white horse hill figure, carved into Cheriton Hill, Folkestone, Kent, South East England. It overlooks the English terminal of the Channel Tunnel and was completed in June 2003.
The horse was planned as a Millennium Landmark to help regenerate the Folkestone area. The design for the horse was drawn by a local artist, Charlie Newington, inspired by a nearby Iron Age fort in an area known as Horse Hill dating from three millennia ago and also based on the White Horse of Uffington. It is the first official hill figure in the town, although an area of chalk on Summerhouse Hill is said to resemble an elephant's head and has become known as the Folkestone Elephant.
Planning permission for the project was first applied for in April 1998, with an illustrative canvas mockup being erected in August 1999. The project was opposed by the Government watchdog English Nature due to the site's importance as a Site of Special Scientific Interest. In 2000 English Nature appealed to Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott, although the project was said to have widespread public support by local MP and prominent politician Michael Howard. The project was supported by Folkestone & Hythe District Council, who adopted it as their corporate logo. Due to the opposition, the project went to a public enquiry in 2001. The project was given the go-ahead in March 2002 by Stephen Byers, then Secretary of State for Transport, Local Government and the Regions, who stated that the emotional and symbolic value of the project outweighed the possible environmental damage.
Construction of the horse began in September 2002. The work to build the horse was completed entirely by hand. Directed from afar by the artist via radio, a team of volunteers staked out a second canvas template of the horse, and following this, shallow trenches were then dug into the topsoil, 12–24 inches (30–60 cm) wide. These trenches were then filled with limestone slabs. The entire figure is approximately 90 metres long, measured from the front to the rear hoof.
Both the Green Party and Friends of the Earth appealed to the European Union to stop the project based on the site's protection under the European Habitats Directive. In early May 2003 the EU issued a formal notice to the UK Government declaring the work illegal, and giving the government two months to either explain the 2001 enquiry decision satisfactorily, or restore the site, by which time the turf for the horse had already been cut and transplanted.
Over two weeks in May 2003 a team of volunteers including locally based Gurkha soldiers transported, cut and positioned limestone slabs in the trenches, fixing them in place with pins. The limestone laying phase of the construction, which had been delayed when the Gurkhas were needed to crew fire engines during the 2002–2003 Firemen's strike, was completed in early June 2003, with the formal notice from the EU outstanding.
In June 2004 "The Friends of the Folkestone White Horse" was formed, to promote the landmark and look after the site, which requires periodic light weeding. A time capsule was buried on the site on 18 June 2004.
See also
Hill figures of England
The White Horse at Ebbsfleet, a standing white horse sculpture planned for Ebbsfleet, Kent
White horse of Kent, the prancing white horse symbol of Kent
Litlington White Horse
References
External links
Friends of the Folkestone White Horse official site
Information about the Folkestone White Horse
Folkestone
Protected areas of Kent
Channel Tunnel
Hill figures in England
White horses (hill figures) in England
2003 works
2003 establishments in England
Buildings and structures celebrating the third millennium
Radical 210 meaning "even" or "uniformly" is 1 of 2 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 14 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 18 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
Characters with Radical 210
Literature
External links
Unihan Database - U+9F4A
210
Kent Twitchell (born August 17, 1942, Lansing, Michigan) is an American muralist who is most active in Los Angeles.  They are most famous for their larger-than-life mural portraits, often of celebrities and artists. Their murals are realism not photorealism according to Twitchell.
Biography
Twitchell's parents, Robert and Doris, were farmers like their parents and grandparents. Kent started doing art when they were three years old. Their first mentor was their mother's brother, Angus Berry, who was an eccentric artist. As a kid all through high school they painted signs and lettered trucks for local businesses. They went to Dimondale High School (1957–59) and Everett High School (class of 1960.) They joined the United States Air Force right out of high school at age 17 and was stationed in London, England. They worked as a military artist and had top secret clearance until May 1965 when they were honorably discharged. They worked for J. C. Penney as a display artist (1965–66) in Atlanta, Georgia. Twitchell studied art at East Los Angeles College (AA, 1968), California State University, Los Angeles (BA, 1972), and the Otis College of Art and Design (MFA, 1977). They were active in the creation of the Mural Conservancy of Los Angeles and serves on its advisory board.
In 1980, Twitchell's murals to date, including Bride and Groom and The Freeway Lady, were featured extensively in a documentary, Mur Murs, directed by Agnès Varda.
In 1990 Twitchell married Pandora Seaton, the mother of their two children, Art and Aurora. In 1992, the year their son was born, a court awarded them damages for the destruction of The Freeway Lady. The mural was later repainted by Twitchell on the campus of Los Angeles Valley College. They were based in Echo Park, California for most of their career, until the 1994 Northridge earthquake destroyed their studio. Shortly thereafter, Twitchell and their family moved to Northern California.
In 2008 Twitchell settled a lawsuit against the U.S. Government and 12 other defendants (Kent Twitchell v. West Coast General Corp et al.) for painting over their landmark mural of Edward Ruscha, an important Los Angeles-based Pop artist. The settlement amount – $1.1 million – is believed to be the largest settlement ever under the seldom-invoked Federal Visual Artists Rights Act (VARA) or the California Art Preservation Act (CAPA). VARA and CAPA forbid desecration, alteration, or destruction of certain public works of art without prior notice to the artist to allow for removal.
Twitchell had a show in Los Angeles in April 2009 at the LOOK gallery entitled "Thriller: The King of Pop Meets the King of Cool: Exploring the Lost Works of Kent Twitchell." The exhibition included sketches, photos and drawings for "lost" murals, as well as one that was completed but never installed or shown to the public: Segments of theirs , portrait of Michael Jackson, that Jackson had commissioned Twitchell to do in 1990 for the side of the former Barker Bros. building in Hollywood, now the El Capitan Theatre, and also in the show was a repaint of their 1971 2-story mural of Steve McQueen.
Michael Jackson worked closely with Twitchell for three years on the Smooth Criminal Mural project. After the 1994 scandal, the mural had been put on pause, but interest resparked after their death in 2009.
In November 2009 Twitchell painted two murals on two pieces of the Berlin wall for the 20-year anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall. One was the portrait of John Kennedy, the other Ronald Reagan. They depicted the US Presidents at the beginning and the fall of the Berlin wall. Controversy ensued and Twitchell was disappointed when only one piece could fit in the installation as per the organizers of the exhibit. Twitchell decided to display half of each piece in the exhibit which worked out perfectly.
Twitchell's latest project in 2017 was a repaint of their Ed Ruscha monument, which is now permanently on The Historic American Hotel in the Arts District of Downtown Los Angeles.
Twitchell has received honorary doctorate degrees from Biola University, Otis College of Art and Design, and California State University, Los Angeles. They currently sit on the Board of Trustees at Otis College of Art and Design, is on the Board of Advisors at the Biola University Art Department and is an MFA Mentor at Laguna College of Art and Design.
Twitchell's wife died at the age of 64 on June 13, 2018 from a complication with a blood thinner they were prescribed. They now live in Long Beach, California in the Belmont Heights district. Their son, artist Artie Twitchell assists them on all their projects and has been working with them on installing and restoring all of their murals for the past several years. Their daughter, Aurora Cruz is a neurosurgeon currently living in Louisville, Kentucky with their husband and children.
Well-known works
References
July 16, 2009, Mercury News, "Jackson death revives interest in Twitchell mural."
April 2, 2009, Los Angeles Times, Haithman, Diane, "Kent Twitchell: Once there were murals."
May 1, 2008, Los Angeles Times, Haithman, Diane, "Artist Kent Twitchell settles suit over disappearing mural. The U.S. government is among 11 defendants who will pay $1.1 million after painting over the six-story 'Ed Ruscha monument.'"
March 21, 1992, Los Angeles Times, "Putting a Firewall Around Murals 'Old woman of the freeway' gets a new lease on life."
March 20, 1992, Los Angeles Times, Snow, Shauna, "Homecoming for Lady of the Freeway Art: Kent Twitchell's mural will be restored as a result of a settlement ending more than four years of litigation."
October 16, 1991, Daily News, "LA Chamber Orchestra mural to conduct freeway traffic flow."
August 28, 1990,Los Angeles Times, Smith, Doug, "Muralist asks city to pay for whiteout."
March 4, 1990, Daily News, "Conservancy is out to save the murals."
July 28, 1989, Philadelphia Inquirer, "Planting a notion about art the anti-graffiti network hopes a muralist will inspire graffiti writers to find creative alternatives."
August 26, 1986, Los Angeles Times, Ito, Kai, "A tall tribute muralist toils to honor Ed Ruscha, key figure in contemporary L.A. art."
October 19, 1984, Los Angeles Times, Pincus, Robert, "Twitchell: The wedding of realism and belief."
May 20, 1984, Los Angeles Times, Auerbach, Michael, "Olympic '84 – Art from the fast lane."
February 19, 1980, Los Angeles Times, Muchnic, Suzanne, "Little people make it big with Twitchell."
February 19, 1980, Los Angeles Times, Elvenstar, Diane, "A larger-than-life painter- Painter's Art."
September 5, 1973, Los Angeles Times, Burke, Kathy, "Paints five-story picture by numbers- Artist up against wall on mammoth mural."
November 6, 2009, Los Angeles Times, Villarreal, Yvonne, "When the two halves of Berlin became whole again."
November 4, 2009, Associated Press, Rogers, John, "Berlin Wall drives wedge through LA art community."
External links
Kent Twitchell at KentTwitchell.org via Web Archive.
Kent Twitchell at LAartscene.org
2008 by Otis students
Kent Twitchell video interview 2009 by Veronica Aberham of Studio Online
1942 births
Artists from Los Angeles
20th-century American painters
American male painters
21st-century American painters
21st-century American male artists
Living people
American muralists
Artists from Lansing, Michigan
People from Echo Park, Los Angeles
Otis College of Art and Design alumni
East Los Angeles College alumni
20th-century American male artists
Friday is a stoner comedy film franchise created by Ice Cube and DJ Pooh. The series takes place in South Central Los Angeles and follows the exploits of perpetually unemployed Craig Jones, who along with their friends and relatives, are thrust into various issues that happen to occur on a Friday.
Three films have been released. The first film, Friday (1995), was a sleeper hit and has garnered a large cult following. The film's success led to two sequels, Next Friday (2000) and Friday After Next (2002), which were also box office successes. A short-lived animated series based on the films debuted in 2007 on MTV2 and lasted 8 episodes.
Films
Friday (1995)
The film takes a look at one single Friday in the life of two friends, Craig Jones (Ice Cube) and Smokey (Chris Tucker), in South Central LA. Craig has recently been fired from their job while attempting to collect their wages, as they were allegedly caught on camera stealing cardboard boxes from UPS, although they claim innocence. Throughout the day, friends and local neighborhood characters pass through, including the hulking neighborhood bully Deebo (Tommy Lister, Jr.). The film's subplot focuses on drug dealer Big Worm (Faizon Love), who warns Craig and Smokey to collect $200 worth of marijuana they smoked (which was supposed to be sold) no later than 10:00 that evening, or Craig and Smokey will be killed.
In the end, Craig manages to overcome all of the day's tribulations, save for finding employment; they and Smokey are able to pay Big Worm, they confront Deebo and successfully beats them after all of their bullying to everyone else, and they and their pretty neighbor Debbie (Nia Long) hook up.
Next Friday (2000)
Next Friday is a 2000 stoner comedy film, and the sequel to the 1995 film Friday. This is the first film to be produced by producer Ice Cube's film production company Cube Vision. The film is directed by Steve Carr, and stars Ice Cube, Mike Epps, Don "D.C." Curry, John Witherspoon, and Tommy "Tiny" Lister Jr.
In the sequel, Deebo has sworn revenge against Craig for beating them up and putting them in jail for four years.  They are joined by their little brother, Tyrone (Sticky Fingaz), whom they escaped jail with. Craig's father, Willie decides to send them up to Rancho Cucamonga and live with their uncle's family until Deebo is back in jail. It's there, they learn about the financial problems that Day-Day and their father, Elroy, face.  They are also informed by their Korean neighbor, Mrs. Ho-Kim (Amy Hill) with the problems of Karla's older brothers: Joker (Jacob Vargas), Lil' Joker (Lobo Sebastian) and Baby Joker (Rolando Molina). When Craig learns about the drug money hidden in a pipe kept in Joker's room, Craig conspires with Day-Day and Roach to steal it so they can use the money to pay off the debts.
Friday After Next (2002)
At 3:37am on Christmas Eve, Craig (Ice Cube) and Day-Day (Mike Epps) are robbed by a fake Santa Claus (Rickey Smiley) as they stole their presents, Craig's CD collection, Day-Day's baby pictures and a big sandwich. Craig and Day-Day get jobs as rent-a-cops in a strip mall where Willie (John Witherspoon) and Elroy (Don "D.C." Curry) opened up a rib joint, called "Bros. BBQ". They owe rent to their apartment building's manager, Ms. Pearly (BeBe Drake) who threatens the two with the attentions of their burly gay son, Damon Pearly (Terry Crews). Craig is in love with Donna, the girlfriend of a pimp named Money Mike (Katt Williams) who treats them poorly and Craig and Day-Day throw a rent party to get the money for Ms. Pearly.
Last Friday (TBA)
According to John Witherspoon, the fourth installment of the series has been greenlit as of April 2017. DJ Pooh reveals in an interview on Drink Champs that he's working on Last Friday with Ice Cube. As of April 2018, Ice Cube stated "Right now we're still writing the movie, making sure that's ahead of the curve and not behind the curve. But I believe we'll start shooting, hopefully by the end of this year." In May 2018, Mike Epps posted a video and image on Instagram with Ice Cube, teasing fans, and they assumed that the film is in production. However, the footage was for the Friday film inspired Big 3 season 2 commercial, and it teased what Last Friday would look like.
On April 29, 2019, Ice Cube stated that the script has been completed, and hopes for it to be released on the 25th anniversary of the original film, which was in 2020. "We are pushing for it, we finished the script, we are getting notes from the studio and it's going back and forth," Cube said. "Get into pre-production and start hiring. It would be nice for this to come out on the 25th anniversary." On June 21, 2019, Ice Cube stated that the movie is coming and he's currently doing a rewrite with DJ Pooh. Four months later, on October 29, 2019, John Witherspoon died, which leaves the fate of their character unknown. On November 14, 2019, Ice Cube blamed New Line Cinema for not committing to getting the film made while Witherspoon was alive. Ever since Witherspoon's death, Ice Cube stated that the film was currently on hold although they hope to get it back on track in the near future.
On December 19, 2020, in the wake of Tommy Lister Jr.'s death, Angela Means claimed on a podcast that the project was cancelled. Similar to Ice Cube, they too blamed New Line Cinema for not devoting themselves to the film's production stating "You let our legends die". A day later, on December 20, Clifton Powell expressed hope that the film would still be in production and that it will include a tribute to John Witherspoon and Tommy Lister Jr.
On May 7, 2021, Ice Cube opened up about two potential scripts they had written for the film. The first one would have focused on Craig and Day-Day trying to survive in prison after having their Cannabis Dispensary stolen by a Flash mob. They both would have then found themselves in a Rehabilitation hospital run by Smokey. Cube did not give any precise details on the second script, although, they stated it would have focused around a love story.
Television
Friday: The Animated Series (2007)
An animated series titled Friday: The Animated Series aired on MTV2 in 2007.
Just like the original films setting, the series takes place in a modern South Central Los Angeles and follows the life of Craig Jones, their family, their best friend Smokey and the dilemmas they come across while living in a run-down, crime-ridden neighborhood. Most of the characters from the films are in the series, but they are not voiced by their respective actors. However, they are voiced by veteran voice actors. Ice Cube, who played Craig Jones in the films, served as the series' executive producer. Khary Payton served as Jones' voice actor.
Image Entertainment released the complete series on DVD in Region 1 on December 8, 2009.
Voice cast
Khary Payton as Craig Jones
Phil LaMarr as Smokey, Stanley, Joann, and Pinky
John DiMaggio as Willie "Pops" Jones
Cree Summer as Betty "Mom" Jones, Dana Jones and infant Craig
Masasa Moyo as Big Mary
Beth Payne
Kevin Michael Richardson as Deebo
Reno Wilson as Ezal
Chris Edgerly
Episodes
Cast and characters
Crew
References
Film series introduced in 1995
American film series
Comedy film franchises
New Line Cinema franchises
"Disconnected" is a song by the American punk rock band Face to Face, written by singer/guitarist Trever Keith and bassist Matt Riddle (musician). It first appeared on their 1992 debut album Don't Turn Away and was released as a 7" single in 1993 on the independent record label Fat Wreck Chords. A remixed version appeared on the Over It EP in 1994 after the band had signed to Victory Music. This version received radio airplay, leading the label to request that the band re-record "Disconnected" for their second album Big Choice (1995). This third version of the song was made into a music video and reached #39 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1995.
Origins and recording
Face to Face had recorded their debut album Don't Turn Away at Westbeach Recorders in Hollywood, California in October 1991 with producer Donnell Cameron. However, there were complications with the record label Dr. Strange Records and nearly a year had passed and the album had still not been released. The band met aspiring record engineer Jim Goodwin, who offered to record new material with them for free. They agreed and recorded five new songs including "Disconnected" with Goodwin at Soundcastle in Los Angeles in August 1992. Goodwin also remixed all of the material from the Westbeach sessions, and the new songs were added to Don't Turn Away which was released on Dr. Strange in 1992.
Release, reception, and re-recording
Copies of Don't Turn Away sold quickly and Dr. Strange was unable to keep up with the demand, so singer/guitarist Trever Keith contacted Fat Mike of Fat Wreck Chords to re-release it with wider distribution. In addition to re-releasing the album, Fat Wreck Chords released "Disconnected" as a 7" single in August 1993. In 1994 Face to Face signed to Victory Music, who released the Over It EP in order to test their new distribution system. The EP included a remixed version of "Disconnected" which was added to the playlist at KROQ-FM. The steady airplay of "Disconnected" helped the band's profile grow considerably, and Victory Music requested that the band re-record the song for their second album Big Choice, which was scheduled to be released in several weeks. Keith has noted that the band were reluctant to re-record the song, but did not want to miss the opportunity to capitalize on its success:
We made [Big Choice] (in 10 days) and before it was even released, our label had started getting radio airplay for "Disconnected." It was on an EP we called Over It that Victory Music had put out to "test" the waters. Since the song was really working at radio, our manager and label wanted us to also put it on our new album. We reluctantly agreed because we didn't want to blow any opportunities or ruin momentum for the band. It was a weird time. A friend of ours at the label called me one day and politely let me know that we were making a lot of mistakes with our career. We decided to fire our manager and try to get off of Victory Music.
"Disconnected" was included as a bonus track on Big Choice, along with a cover of the Descendents song "Bikeage". After the album's eleventh track, "Late", there is a twelfth untitled track consisting of a conversation between the band members and representatives from the record label about whether or not to include "Disconnected" on the album, with the band members stating that they do not want to be labeled as "sellouts" or lose credibility with their fans, and one member stating that "there's no way in hell this song's going on this record." "Disconnected" then appears as the thirteenth track. This third version of the song included second guitarist Chad Yaro, who had joined the band prior to the recording of Over It. A music video was filmed and the song reached #39 on Billboard's Modern Rock Tracks chart in 1995. It was also used in the soundtracks for the films Tank Girl and National Lampoon's Senior Trip that same year. The song's success ultimately helped Big Choice to sell over 100,000 copies. Rich Egan, who became the band's manager shortly after the release of Big Choice, has recalled that Disconnected' was on the radio and the band was getting bigger by the day. It was just GO GO GO from day one."
Legacy
The relative success of "Disconnected" helped Face to gain more exposure and popularity, and the song became a standard for the band for the rest of their career. AllMusic reviewer Vincent Jeffries recalls that the song was an "alt-rock radio mega-hit", while Tracy Fey comments that the Over It version is "a rawer, less polished version than the one that appears on Big Choice, but the power and catchiness are still there", remarking that "Disconnected" and "I Used to Think" "stand out as the backbone of the EP" and that the Big Choice version is "a bit heavier".
After Face to Face's breakup in 2004, Keith released a compilation album entitled Shoot the Moon: The Essential Collection through their Antagonist Records label. It includes the original version of "Disconnected" from Don't Turn Away as the album's opening track, and a live version of the song recorded at the band's farewell performance on September 19, 2004 at the House of Blues in Hollywood, California as the closing track. A review of the album on Punknews.org remarks that it is "Fitting that the live version of 'Disconnected' finishes this retrospective just as it started, more fitting that it was the final song recorded from their final live performance, in their home of Southern California," calling "Disconnected" "the band's most well known song" and "one of the best punk songs of the '90s."
Format and track listing
US 7" single (FAT 511)
"Disconnected" (Keith, Riddle) – 3:26
"AOK" (Keith, Riddle) – 3:00
"I Used to Think" (Keith, Riddle) – 3:04
Personnel
Don't Turn Away, US 7" single, and Over It versions
Trever Keith – vocals, guitar
Rob Kurth – drums, backing vocals
Matt Riddle – bass guitar, backing vocals
''Big Choice'' version
Trever Keith – vocals, guitar
Rob Kurth – drums, backing vocals
Matt Riddle – bass guitar, backing vocals
Chad Yaro – guitar
Charts
References
Face to Face (punk band) songs
1992 songs
1993 singles
1995 singles
Live at the Burton Cummings Theatre is a live album and concert DVD by Canadian indie rock band The Weakerthans. The album was recorded during April 2009 at the Burton Cummings Theatre in the band's home town of Winnipeg, as they toured in support of their album Reunion Tour. It was released March 23, 2010 on ANTI-.
Track listing
Everything Must Go
Tournament of Hearts
Our Retired Explorer (Dines with Michel Foucault in Paris in 1969)
Night Windows
Reconstruction Site
Aside
Civil Twilight
Bigfoot
Plea from a Cat Named Virtute
The Reasons
Sun in an Empty Room
Left and Leaving
Wellington's Wednesdays
Benediction
Manifest
One Great City!
This Is a Fire Door Never Leave Open
Virtute the Cat Explains Them Departure
References
The Weakerthans albums
2010 live albums
2010 video albums
Pendle Borough Council elections are generally held three years out of every four, with a third of the council elected each time. Pendle Borough Council is the local authority for the non-metropolitan district of Pendle in Lancashire, England. Since the last boundary changes in 2020, 33 councillors have been elected from 12 wards.
Political control
The first election to the council was held in 1973, initially operating as a shadow authority before coming into its powers on 1 April 1974. Since 1973 political control of the council has been held by the following parties:
Leadership
The leaders of the council since 2015 have been:
Council elections
Borough result maps
By-election results
By-elections occur when seats become vacant between council elections. Below is a summary of recent by-elections; full by-election results can be found by clicking on the by-election name.
References
External links
Pendle Council
Joyee is a Bengali television soap opera that premiered on 9 October 2017. It aired on Zee Bangla. It was produced by Tent Cinema and it starred Debadrita Basu and Dibyojyoti Dutta. It also presents Sanchari Mondal, Mimi Dutta, Tanuka Chatterjee, and Dwaipayan Das in supporting roles. The show replaced Raadha. Arun Bandyopadhyay is the main antagonist. The show went off air on 1 September 2019 and it was replaced by another show titled Alo Chhaya.
Plot
Joyee is the story of a fun-loving and innocent orphan girl. They live with their maternal uncle and aunt and is a die-heart football lover. Them dream is to become a footballer. To break the barriers of social taboos, they often disguise as a boy to get to play. They have to give into their family's demands and they marry.
Thereon starts a different life.  They are totally unaware about what is in store. Them in-laws are extremely conservative and believe that a woman's only job is to run a household and look after their husband. Them husband, Ribhu is extremely studious, almost a nerd who is clueless about their wife's liking for sport. The family has an aversion towards sports. Another antagonist is Sukumar, who is in love with Irabati (Ribhu's sister-in-law) and always tries to harm Joyee. Joyee uses their football skills of evasion and maneuver to survive as a wife and a family member. They remain determined to be a successful footballer.
A sad subplot involves Agni (Ribhu's Sejdabhai). They have been kidnapped by Sagar Dutta, a football coach who used to take money from innocent footballers. Agni wanted to catch Sagar Dutta red handed. Joyee's other aim is to find their Sejdabhai and to punish Sagar Dutta.
After six months, Joyee is back as Jessica who is a look-alike of Joyee and Joyee is back to take revenge from Sukumar. However, they are able to take the revenge.
Cast
Main
Dibyojyoti Dutta as Ribhu: Joyee's husband
Debadrita Basu as Joyee / Jessica Fernandes / Malati / Patralekha: Ribhu's wife
Recurring
Ranit Modak as Sukumar
Sanchari Mondal as Irabati: Ribhu's Sister-in-law/Agni's wife
Arun Banerjee as Bibi/Bisewar Banerjee
Misty Das as Riya/Liza: Joyee's Sister/Ankhi
Ankur Roy as Ranjan
Soham Chakraborty as Chinku: Joyee-Ribhu's Son- They dream to be a footballer one day like their mother.
Alokananda Guha as Soumi
Alivia Sarkar as Malini Sen
Tanmay Majumdar as Ayan
Mimi Dutta as Krishna: Ribhu's Sister-in-law
Dwaipayan Das as Ribhu's Cousin
Tanuka Chatterjee as Ribhu's Aunt/Jamuna
Bidipta Chakraborty as Ribhu's Sister
Sananda Basak as Churni: Ribhu's Sister-in-law.
Sarbari Mukherjee as Aloka:Joyee's maternal Aunt
Partha Sarathi Deb as Partha Sarathi Dasgupta: Ribhu's Father
Joy Bhattacharya as Sagar Dutta
Ayush Das as Bablu
Mayna Banerjee as Mayurakshi: Ribhu's Elder Sister
Anirban Ghosh as Arjun Dasgupta :Ribhu's Elder Brother
Rajiv Bose as Agni Dasgupta/Sejdavai
Dwaipayan Chakraborty as Ayan Bhattacharya:Torsha's Friend
Aishi Bhattacharya as Torsha
Surojit Banerjee as Ribhu's uncle
Saptajayi Maji as Tomtom / Krishna's Son
Sahana Sen as Anannya / Megha: Sukumar's Sister
Sayantani Guhathakurta as Sudha / Joyee's Mother (flashback)
Sourav Chakraborty as Swornedu: Joyee's Father
Mritwika Oss as I.P.S. Sumana Roy
Rishabh Das as teenage Tomtom
Debika Mitra as Kaveri Dasgupta
Biswarup Bandyopadhyay as Rony
Ranjini Chatterjee as Sukumar's mother
Elfina Mukherjee as Arjun's second wife
Sayantani Sengupta as Mohua
Saugata Bandyopadhyay as Somudro
References
External links
Official Website at ZEE5
2017 Indian television series debuts
2019 Indian television series endings
Zee Bangla original programming
Kristoffer Haugen (born 21 February 1994) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Eliteserien club Molde.
Early life
Haugen hails from Verdalen. They started their career in Voll IL, but joined the youth ranks of Viking in 2007. It was a successful youth team, which won the national boys-16 football cup in 2009.
Club career
Viking
Haugen made their senior team debut in the 2012 La Manga Cup against FK Ekranas in February 2012, scoring their first first-team goal in the first round of the 2013 Norwegian Football Cup. They made their league debut when they started, and played 90 minutes, in the two last fixtures of the 2013 Tippeligaen.
Molde
On 10 January 2018, Haugen signed a three-year contract with Molde FK. They made their debut for the club in the 5–0 home win against Sandefjord on 11 March 2018.
On 15 June 2020, Haugen signed a new contract with Molde, until the end of the 2022 season.
International career
Haugen played a total of 25 games for Norway at international youth level.
Career statistics
Club
Honours
Molde
Eliteserien: 2019
References
1994 births
Living people
People from Klepp
Norwegian footballers
Viking FK players
Molde FK players
Eliteserien players
Association football defenders
Norway youth international footballers
Norway under-21 international footballers
Sportspeople from Rogaland
David Pole (or Poole) (died May 1568) was an English Roman Catholic churchman and jurist; they were Bishop of Peterborough from 1557 until deprived by Queen Elizabeth I.
Life
They were a fellow of All Souls' College, Oxford, in 1520. They devoted themselves to civil law, and graduated B.Can.L. on 2 July 1526 and D.Can.L. on 17 February 1527 – 1528. In 1529 they became an advocate in Doctors' Commons. They were connected with the diocese of Lichfield, where they held preferments, first under Bishop Geoffrey Blyth, and then under Bishop Rowland Lee. They were made prebendary of Tachbrook in Lichfield Cathedral on 11 April 1531, archdeacon of Salop in April 1536, and archdeacon of Derby on 8 January 1543.
They received the appointment of dean of the arches and vicar-general of the archbishop of Canterbury on 14 November 1540. A conscientious adherent of the Roman Catholic faith, they occupied several positions of importance during Queen Mary's reign. In their first year they acted as vicar-general of the bishop of Lichfield, Richard Sampson, and commissioner for the deprivation of married priests, and in their capacity of archdeacon they sat on the commission for the deprivation of Thomas Cranmer, Nicholas Ridley, and Hugh Latimer, and the restoration of Edmund Bonner and other deprived bishops. They stood high in the favour of Cardinal Pole, said to have been a relative, who appointed them their vicar-general. During the vacancy of the see of Lichfield on Bishop Sampson's death in 1554, they were appointed commissary for the diocese. In the early part of the same year they took part in the condemnation of John Hooper and Rowland Taylor. On 25 April 1556 they were appointed on the commission to inquire after heretics, and to proceed against them.
On the death of John Chambers, the first bishop of the newly formed diocese of Peterborough, the queen sent letters commendatory to Pope Paul IV in Pole's favour. They were consecrated at Chiswick on 15 August 1557 by Nicholas Heath, archbishop of York. They shortly sanctioned the execution of John Kurde, a Protestant shoemaker, who was burnt at Northampton on 20 September 1557.
On the accession of Elizabeth, they were on the first abortive commission for the consecration of Matthew Parker as archbishop, 9 September 1559. In the same year he, with Bonner and two other prelates, signed Archbishop Heath's letter of remonstrance to Elizabeth, begging them to return to the Catholic faith. Their refusal to take the oath under the act of supremacy was followed by their deprivation; but they were treated leniently by the queen. Allowed to live on parole in London or its suburbs, they died on one of their farms in May or June 1568. Their property they left to their friends, and their books on law and theology to their college, All Souls'.
Footnotes
References
Year of birth missing
1568 deaths
16th-century English Roman Catholic bishops
Bishops of Peterborough
Archdeacons of Derby
Archdeacons of Salop
Canon law jurists
16th-century births
Members of Doctors' Commons
Sandro Silva may refer to:
Sandro da Silva (born 1974), Brazilian football midfielder
Sandro Silva (footballer) (born 1984), Brazilian football midfielder
Sandro Silva (DJ) (born 1992), Dutch DJ and producer
The 2007–08 season was the 105th in the history of the Southern League, which is an English football competition featuring semi-professional and amateur clubs from the South West, South Central and Midlands of England and South Wales.
Premier Division
The Premier Division consisted of 22 clubs, including 17 clubs from the previous season and five new clubs:
Two clubs promoted from Division One Midlands:
Brackley Town
Bromsgrove Rovers
Two clubs promoted from Division One South & West:
Bashley
Swindon Supermarine
Plus:
Bedford Town, relegated from the Conference South
King's Lynn won the Southern League Premier and were promoted to the Conference North, while play-off winners Team Bath were promoted to the Conference South. Bromsgrove Rovers, Cirencester Town and Cheshunt were relegated to Division One. Bedford Town also ended the season in the relegation zone but were reprieved from the second relegation in a row after Football Conference clubs Halifax Town folded and Nuneaton Borough were demoted to Division One Midlands.
League table
Play-offs
Results
Stadia and locations
Division One Midlands
Division One Midlands consisted of 21 clubs, including 18 clubs from previous season and three new clubs:
Two clubs promoted from the Midland Alliance:
Leamington
Romulus
Plus:
Chesham United, transferred from Division One South & West
Slimbridge, promoted from the Hellenic League
Also, shortly before the start of the season Slimbridge withdrew and were not replaced. Therefore, the relegation zone was reduced to one place in order to make up the numbers for the next season.
Evesham United won the division and were promoted to the Premier Division along with play-off winners Stourbridge, who returned to the top Southern League division after the relegation in 1984. Berkhamsted finished bottom of the table and were the only club relegated this season.
League table
Play-offs
Stadia and locations
Division One South & West
Division One South & West consisted of 22 clubs, including 16 clubs from previous season and six new clubs:
Bridgwater Town, promoted from the Western League
Farnborough, demoted from the Conference South
Fleet Town, transferred from Isthmian League Division One South
Godalming Town, transferred from Isthmian League Division One South
Gosport Borough, promoted from the Wessex League
Slough Town, relegated from Isthmian League Premier Division
Also, Brook House were renamed A.F.C. Hayes prior to the start of the season.
Farnborough, who had been demoted from the Conference South at the end of the previous season, won the division and were promoted to the Premier Division along with play-off winners Oxford City. Slough Town finished in the relegation zone for the second season in a row, but this time were reprieved due to the expulsion of Halifax Town from the Football Conference, so only Newport (Isle of Wight) were relegated this season.
League table
Play-offs
Stadia and locations
League Cup
First round
42 clubs, (all of the Division One Midlands and all but one of the Division One South & West clubs), entered at the first round. Bridgwater Town did not enter at this stage because there were only 21 clubs in Division One Midlands.
Second round
The 12 fixtures of the Second Round were played on the weekend of 30 October 2007. Joining the winners of the previous round were Bridgwater Town, plus Chippenham Town and Gloucester City from the Premier Division.
Third round
Fourth round
Quarter-finals
The quarter-finals were played on 12 February 2008.
Semi-finals
The semi-finals were played on 4 March 2008.
Final
The first leg was played on 8 April 2008, with the second leg on 22 April 2008.
See also
Southern Football League
2007–08 Isthmian League
2007–08 Northern Premier League
Southern Football League seasons
7
The discography of Die Toten Hosen, a German punk band, consists of eighteen studio albums, six live albums, three compilation albums, four non-German albums and fifty-seven singles.
Since forming in 1982, Die Toten Hosen have become the most successful German punk band.
The band released their debut album, Opel-Gang, in 1983. While the album did not manage to break the charts, in 2006, it was certified Gold in Germany. One single, Reisefieber, was released to promote the album.
In 2008, Die Toten Hosen released their latest album In aller Stille. Debuting at number one on the German charts, it has sold over 300,000 copies and has been certified 3× Gold. Four singles were released from the album, "Strom", "Alles was war", "Auflösen" and "Ertrinken", all of which charted heavily in Germany.
Studio albums
Non-German albums
Live albums
Compilation albums
Singles
Video albums
References
Discographies of German artists
Rock music group discographies
United Nations Security Council Resolution 75, adopted on September 27, 1949, after receiving a General Assembly resolution authorizing the Council to make decisions on the matter the Council decided to retroactively reimburse the Member States that were participating in the United Nations Commission for Indonesia and the United Nations Commission for India and Pakistan for their traveling and substance expenses.
The resolution passed with a total of seven votes, while the Ukrainian SSR voted against it and Cuba, Egypt and the Soviet Union abstained.
See also
List of United Nations Security Council Resolutions 1 to 100 (1946–1953)
References
Text of the Resolution at undocs.org
External links
0075
Indonesian National Revolution
September 1949 events
Daniel Andrew "Dan" Norman (born September 29, 1964 in Toronto) is a Canadian slalom canoer who competed in the early-to-mid 1990s. They finished 30th in the C-1 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona. Daniel now teaches outdoor pursuits and mathematics at Brentwood College School in Mill Bay British Columbia Canada.
References
Sports-reference.com profile
1964 births
Canadian male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Canoeists from Toronto
Olympic canoeists of Canada
Dubois's seedeater (Sporophila ardesiaca) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae. It is closely related to, and possibly better considered a subspecies of, the widespread yellow-bellied seedeater. The Dubois's seedeater is endemic to east-central Brazil, where it is found in a wide range of semi-open habitats.
References
Dubois's seedeater
Birds of the Atlantic Forest
Endemic birds of Brazil
Dubois's seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
The People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) is the naval branch of the People's Liberation Army (PLA). The PLAN force consists of about 250,000 men and over a hundred major combat vessels, organized into three fleets: the North Sea Fleet, the East Sea Fleet, and the South Sea Fleet. Below is the organizational structure of the PLAN.
PLAN headquarters
PLAN headquarters is subordinate to the PLA General Staff Department and the Chairman of the Central Military Committee .
Information current as of March 2007
Commander-in-Chief of the Navy: Admiral Wu Shengli
Political Commissar of the Navy: Admiral Miao Hua
Deputy Commanders:
Ding Yiping
Jin Mao
Shen Binyi
Wang Yucheng
Zhang Yongyi
Zhang Zhannan
Zhao Xingfa
Gu Wengen
Deputy Political Commissars:
Kang Chengyuan
Fan Yinhua
Wu Huayang
Chief of Naval Staff: Ding Yiping
Director of Political Department: Xu Jianzhong
Fleet Commanders
North Sea Fleet: Rear Admiral Tian Zhong; Political Commissar Li Guang
East Sea Fleet: Vice Admiral Xu Hongmen; Political Commissar Xu Jianzhong
South Sea Fleet: Vice Admiral Gu Wengen; Political Commissar Huang Jiaxiang
Fleets
The People's Liberation Army Navy is divided into three fleets.
{| class="wikitable sortable"
|+China PLA Navy Sea Fleets (2007)
! Fleet
! Status
! Parent Command
! Patrol Region
! Headquarters
! Flagship
|- valign="top"
| North Sea Fleet (NSF; )
| Active
| Northern Theater Command ()
| Bohai Bay, Yellow Sea
| Qingdao, Shandong Province
| DDG 112 Harbin (), Type 052 Luhu-class Destroyer
|- valign="top"
| East Sea Fleet (ESF; )
| Active
| Eastern Theater Command ()
| East China Sea
| Ningbo, Zhejiang Province
| DDG 150 Changchun (), Type 052C Luyang II-class Destroyer
|- valign="top"
| South Sea Fleet (SSF; )
| Active
| Southern Theater Command ()
| South China Sea
| Zhanjiang, Guangdong Province
| AOR/AK Nanchang
|}
Bases
North Sea Fleet
Major bases: Qingdao (HQ), Huludao, Jianggezhuang, Guzhen Bay, Lushun, Xiaopingdao. Minor bases: Weihai Wei, Qingshan, Luda, Lianyungang, Ling Shan, Ta Ku Shan, Changshandao, Liuzhuang, Dayuanjiadun, Dalian
East Sea Fleet
Major bases: Ningbo (HQ), Zhoushan, Shanghai, Daxie, Fujian. Minor bases: Zhenjiangguan, Wusong, Xinxiang, Wenzhou, Sanduao, Xiamen, Xingxiang, Quandou, Wen Zhou SE, Wuhan, Dinghai, Jiaotou
South Sea Fleet
Major bases: Zhanjiang (HQ), Yulin, Huangfu, Hong Kong, Guangzhou (Canton). Minor bases: Haikou, Shantou, Humen, Kuanchuang, Tsun, Kuan Chung, Mawei, Beihai, Ping Tan, San Chou Shih, Tang-Chiah Huan, Longmen, Bailong, Dongcun, Baimajing, Xiachuandao, Yuchi
Branches
The PLAN is organised into five branches:
People's Liberation Army Navy Surface Force
People's Liberation Army Navy Submarine Force
People's Liberation Army Navy Coastal Defense Force
People's Liberation Army Naval Air Force
People's Liberation Army Marine Corps
References
External links
Sinodefence.com
Global Security PLAN Overview
GIGA German Institute of Global and Area Studies China Data Supplement
Office of Naval Intelligence China's Navy 2007
CRS Report for Congress: China Naval Modernization: Implications for U.S Navy Capabilities — Background and Issues for Congress
Structure of contemporary navies
The Constitution of Uzbekistan was adopted on 8 December 1992 on the 11th session of the Supreme Council of Uzbekistan. It replaced the Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan of 1978. It is the supreme law of the Republic of Uzbekistan (Article 15). The Constitution of Uzbekistan contains six parts and it is further divided into 26 chapters.
Overview
The Constitution of Uzbekistan nominally creates a separation of powers among a strong presidency, the legislature (the Supreme Assembly of Uzbekistan or Oliy Majlis), and a judiciary.
The President of Uzbekistan, who is directly elected to a five-year term that can be renewed once, is the head of state and is granted supreme executive power by the constitution. As commander in chief of the armed forces, the President may declare a state of emergency or of war. The President is empowered to nominate a candidate of the prime minister for consideration of chambers of the Oliy Majlis and appoint full cabinet of ministers and the judges of the three national courts, subject to the approval of the Oliy Majlis, and to appoint all members of lower courts. The President also has the power to dissolve the parliament, in effect negating the Oliy Majliss veto power over presidential nominations in a power struggle situation www.lex.uz.
The 150 deputies to the Legislative Chamber (lower house) of the bicameral Oliy Majlis, the highest legislative body, are elected to five-year terms. The body may be dismissed by the President with the concurrence of the Constitutional Court; because that court is subject to presidential appointment, the dismissal clause weights the balance of power heavily toward the executive branch. The 100-member Senate includes 16 directly nominated by the President. The Oliy Majlis enacts legislation, which may be initiated by the President, within the parliament, by the high courts, by the procurator general (the highest law enforcement official in the country), or by the government of the Autonomous Republic of Karakalpakstan. Besides legislation, international treaties, presidential decrees, and states of emergency also must be ratified by the Oliy Majlis.
The national judiciary includes the Constitutional Court, the Supreme Court, and the High Economic Court. Lower court systems exist at the regional, district, and town levels. Judges at all levels are appointed by the President and approved by the Oliy Majlis. Nominally independent of the other branches of government, the courts remain under the effective control of the executive branch. As in the system of the Soviet era, the procurator general and their regional and local equivalents are both the state's chief prosecuting officials and the chief investigators of criminal cases, a configuration that limits the pretrial rights of defendants.
Part I. Fundamental principles
-Chapter 1 - State Sovereignty
- Article 1:
Uzbekistan is a sovereign democratic republic. Both names of the state - the Republic of Uzbekistan and Uzbekistan - shall be equivalent.
- Article 2:
The state shall express the will of the people and serve their interests. State bodies and officials shall be accountable to the society and the citizens.
- Article 3:
The Republic of Uzbekistan shall determine its national-state and administrative-territorial structure, its structure of state authority and administration, and shall pursue independent home and foreign policies.
The state frontier and the territory of Uzbekistan shall be inviolable and indivisible.
- Article 4:
The state language of the Republic of Uzbekistan shall be Uzbek. The Republic of Uzbekistan shall ensure a respectful attitude toward the languages, customs and traditions of all nationalities and ethnic groups living on its territory, and create the conditions necessary for their development.
- Article 5:
The Republic of Uzbekistan shall have its state symbols - the flag, the emblem, and the anthem-sanctioned by the law.
- Article 6:
The capital of the Republic of Uzbekistan shall be the city of Tashkent.
-Chapter 2 - Democracy
- Article 7:
The people are the sole source of state power. State power in the Republic of Uzbekistan shall be exercised in the interests of the people and solely by the bodies empowered therefore by the Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan and the laws passed on its basis. Any seizure of powers belonging to state authority, suspension or termination of activity of the bodies of state authority contrary to the procedure prescribed by the Constitution, as well as the formation of any new or parallel bodies of state authority shall be regarded as unconstitutional and punishable by law.
- Article 8:
The people of Uzbekistan consist of the citizens of the Republic of Uzbekistan irrespective of their nationality.
- Article 9:
Major matters of public and state life shall be submitted for a nationwide discussion and put to a direct vote of the people (a referendum). The procedure for holding referendums shall be specified by law.
- Article 10:
Only the National Assembly (Oliy Majlis) and the President of the Republic, elected by the people, can act on behalf of the people of Uzbekistan. No part of society, political party, public association, movement, or individual may act on behalf of the people of Uzbekistan.
- Article 11:
The state power in Uzbekistan is divided into legislative, executive, and judicial branches.
- Article 12:
Public life in the Republic of Uzbekistan develops on the basis of diversity of political institutions, ideologies, and opinions. No single ideology may be established as a state ideology.
- Article 13:
Democracy in the Republic of Uzbekistan is based on general human principles, which assign the highest value to man, to human life, to freedom, honor, dignity, and other inalienable rights. Democratic rights and freedoms are protected by the Constitution and the laws.
- Article 14:
The state bases its activity on the principles of social justice and legality in the interest of well-being of man and society.
-Chapter 3 - Supremacy of the Constitution and the Law
- Article 15:
The Constitution and the laws of the Republic of Uzbekistan shall have absolute supremacy in the Republic of Uzbekistan. The state, its bodies, officials, public associations and citizens shall act in accordance with the Constitution and the laws.
- Article 16:
None of the provisions of the present Constitution shall be interpreted in a way detrimental to the rights and interests of the Republic of Uzbekistan. None of the laws or normative legal acts shall run counter to the norms and principles established by the Constitution.
-Chapter 4 - Foreign Policy
- Article 17:
The Republic of Uzbekistan shall have full rights in international relations. Its foreign policy shall be based on the principles of sovereign equality of the states, non-use of force or threat of its use, inviolability of frontiers, peaceful settlement of disputes, non-interference in the internal affairs of other states, and other universally recognized norms of international law.
The Republic may form alliances, join or withdraw from unions and other inter-state organizations proceeding from the ultimate interests of the state and the people, their well-being and security.
Part II. Basic human and civil rights, freedoms and duties
-Chapter 5 - General Provisions
- Article 18:
All citizens of the Republic of Uzbekistan shall have equal rights and freedoms, and shall be equal before the law, without discrimination by sex, race, nationality, language, religion, social origin, convictions, individual and social status.
Any privileges may be granted solely by the law and shall conform to the principles of social justice.
- Article 19:
Both citizens of the Republic of Uzbekistan and the state shall be bound by mutual rights and mutual responsibility. Citizens' rights and freedoms, established by the Constitution and the laws, shall be inalienable. No one shall have the power to deny a citizen their rights and freedoms, or to infringe on them except by the sentence of a court.
- Article 20:
The exercise of rights and freedoms by a citizen shall not encroach on the lawful interests, rights and freedoms of other citizens, the state or society.
-Chapter 6 - Citizenship
- Article 21:
In the Republic of Uzbekistan, uniform citizenship shall be established throughout its territory. Citizenship in the Republic of Uzbekistan shall be equal for all regardless of the grounds of its acquisition. Every citizen of the Republic of Karakalpakstan shall be a citizen of the Republic of Uzbekistan. The grounds and procedure for acquiring and forfeiting citizenship shall be defined by law.
- Article 22:
The Republic of Uzbekistan shall guarantee legal protection to all its citizens both on the territory of the republic and abroad.
- Article 23:
Foreign citizens and stateless persons, during their stay on the territory of the Republic of Uzbekistan, shall be guaranteed the rights and freedoms in accordance with the norms of international law.
They shall perform the duties established by the Constitution, laws, and international agreements signed by the Republic of Uzbekistan.
-Chapter 7 - Personal Rights and Freedoms
- Article 24:
The right to exist is the inalienable right of every human being. Attempts on anyone's life shall be regarded as the gravest crime.
- Article 25:
Everyone shall have the right to freedom and inviolability of the person. No one may be arrested or taken into custody except on lawful grounds.
- Article 26:
No one may be adjudged guilty of a crime except by the sentence of a court and in conformity with the law. Such a person shall be guaranteed the right to legal defense during open court proceedings. No one may be subject to torture, violence or any other cruel or humiliating treatment. No one may be subject to any medical or scientific experiments without their consent.
- Article 27:
Everyone shall be entitled to protection against encroachments on their honour, dignity, and interference in their private life, and shall be guaranteed inviolability of the home.
No one may enter a home, carry out a search or an examination, or violate the privacy of correspondence and telephone conversations, except on lawful grounds and in accordance with the procedure prescribed by law.
- Article 28:
Any citizen of the Republic of Uzbekistan shall have the right to freedom of movement on the territory of the Republic, as well as a free entry to and exit from it, except in the events specified by law.
- Article 29:
Everyone shall be guaranteed freedom of thought, speech and convictions. Everyone shall have the right to seek, obtain and disseminate any information, except that which is directed against the existing constitutional system and in some other instances specified by law.
Freedom of opinion and its expression may be restricted by law if any state or other secret is involved.
- Article 30:
All state bodies, public associations and officials in the Republic of Uzbekistan shall allow any citizen access to documents, resolutions and other materials, relating to their rights and interests.
- Article 31''':
Freedom of conscience is guaranteed to all. Everyone shall have the right to profess or not to profess any religion. Any compulsory imposition of religion shall be impermissible.
Other chapters
Human rights, freedoms, and obligations are the subject of Chapters V through XI (Articles 18–52)
Social and family institutions are the subject of Chapters XIII and XIV (Articles 56–67)
The legislative branch (Oliy Majlis) is dealt with in Chapter XVIII (Articles 76–88)
The institution of the President is the subject of Chapter XIX (Articles 89-97)
The executive branch (the Cabinet of Ministers) is the subject of Chapter XX (Article 98)
Local government is dealt with in Chapter XXI (Articles 99–105)
The judicial branch is the subject of XXII and XXIV (Articles 106–116, 118–121)
The electoral system is described in Article 117
The procedure for changing the Constitution is set forth in Part 6 (Articles 127–128)
References
The Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan, in: Constitutions of the Participating Countries of the CIS'', Russian Institute of Legislation and Comparative Law, Normal Publishing House, Moscow (2001), pp. 593–626.
Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan with 2003 amendments
https://web.archive.org/web/20110907021531/http://www.andijan.uz/ENG/enginson.shtml - Constitution
http://www.ksu.uz/en/page/index/id/5 - The Constitutional Court of Uzbekistan
External links
Uzbekistan
Government of Uzbekistan
Law of Uzbekistan
The Bureaucrat(s) may refer to:
The Bureaucrats (1936 film), a French film
The Bureaucrats (1959 film), a film by Henri Diamant-Berger and Charles Van Enger
The Bureaucrats (Les employés The Government Clerks, 1841) unfinished work by Honore de Balzac
Officialdom Unmasked ("The Bureaucrats: A Revelation"), a Chinese novel
The Bureaucrat, a 1944 novelette by Malcolm Jameson
The Bureaucrat, Inc., a 2004 acquisition by Logistics Management Institute
See also
Bureaucrat
Eilema aspersa is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1882. It can be found in Madagascar.
References
Moths described in 1882
aspersa
The Little Rascals Save the Day (titled The Little Rascals 2: Rascals' Beginning in development) is a 2014 American direct-to-video comedy film released by Universal Pictures Home Entertainment. The film is the second motion picture film succeeding the major 1994 film, and it is an adaptation of Hal Roach's Our Gang, a series of short films of the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s (many of which were broadcast on television as The Little Rascals) which centered on the adventures of a group of neighborhood children.
With a screenplay by William Robertson and Alex Zammwho also directedThe Little Rascals Save The Day presents several of the Gang characters in an updated setting, and features re-interpretations of several of the original shorts. It is the second of Universal's feature-length Our Gang adaptations, following 1994's theatrical release The Little Rascals.
Plot
On the last day of school before summer vacation, Spanky, Alfalfa, Mary Ann, and Stymie try to leave early by having Buckwheat and Porky tell Miss Crabtree that they need to go home. Miss Crabtree agrees to let the four kids go, forcing them out of their surprise ice cream cake party for the class. The Rascals head over to Grandma Larson's bakery, and bump into Officer Kennedy along the way. Kennedy is dating Miss Crabtree, and the kids ask them why they have not proposed to them They form The International Silver String Submarine Band as there is a big talent show. The band plans on playing Sonny & Cher's "I Got You Babe" for the talent show but wind up sounding terrible. Alfalfa suggests making the performance better by getting Darla to sing the song with him. During band practice, Grandma is asked to visit the local bank and leaves the kids in charge of their bakery. The gang is asked to prepare a red velvet cake, but they put too much yeast in, causing the inflating dessert to explode in the kitchen. Meanwhile, a bank officer informs Grandma that they owe the bank $10,000. If they are unable to pay the money in two weeks, they will lose their bakery. To make matters worse, Waldo Kaye's father wants to buy the bakery and replace it with a shopping mall. Waldo wants the kids' tree house for themselves and ends up setting off the burglar alarm.
Spanky suggests the gang get jobs in order to help save Grandma's bakery. Porky, Buckwheat, Mary Ann and Stymie all offer their services in professional working environments but are turned away at each one. Spanky and Alfalfa get jobs as Mr. Kaye's caddies at the local country club, but the two are quickly kicked out of the club and fired after Spanky interrupts Officer Kennedy's date with Miss Crabtree by accidentally hitting a golf ball at the police officer's forehead. This does not stop Spanky. They suggest a pet washing business, which quickly goes haywire after they mistakenly replace a bottle of shampoo with one containing green dye. The fur of several pets turns green, including Darla's cat. Alfalfa tries to make up for it by offering Darla a ride to the library on their bicycle, but they instead decide to go with Waldo in their toy car. This gives Spanky the idea for the Rascals to build their own taxi cab. This business also ends poorly after Waldo cuts the car's brake wires, sending them down a steep hill and into a gazebo.
Darla, who was riding in the taxi, once again leaves Alfalfa for Waldo. Officer Kennedy, who has constantly had their dates with Miss Crabtree interrupted by the Rascals, yells at the kids for ruining yet another attempt at proposing marriage to the schoolteacher. Angered that Kennedy does not like children, Miss Crabtree breaks up with him. Spanky next decides to have Alfalfa get into the wrestling ring against the mysterious Masked Marvel. Porky is to play Alfalfa's opponent, which they accidentally say to Waldo. Waldo then hires Butch and Woim to stop Alfalfa from winning the wrestling match. Butch takes Porky's place in the ring and easily beats Alfalfa. To make matters worse, Waldo convinces Spanky to bet the money they had made from the match to them in the event that Alfalfa loses. Angered at their leader's poor decision and their bossy attitude, the rest of the gang turn against Spanky, but after a talk with Grandma, Spanky is able to rekindle their friendship with the others.
The kids now begin rehearsing for the talent show, their last chance at earning the $10,000 for Grandma. Meanwhile, Miss Crabtree agrees to continue dating Officer Kennedy on the condition that they attend the kids' talent show with them Kennedy reluctantly agrees. At the talent show, the gang are up against several professional acts including a song-and-dance routine by Waldo and Darla, but Waldo continuously pushes Darla out of the spotlight and they eventually leaf them after they attempt to sabotage the International Silver String Submarine Band's performance. The band's rendition of "I Got You Babe" starts poorly and gradually gets fair, and gets even better when Darla arrives to sing with Alfalfa. The Rascals win the $10,000, Darla officially joins the gang's band (and becomes Alfalfa's girlfriend), Grandma's bakery is saved, and Miss Crabtree agrees to marry Officer Kennedy.
During the end credits, Waldo gets a "tree house" from their Dad as promised, in the form of a miniature of their own huge mansion. When their Dad offers Waldo to christen it himself, Waldo proudly announces it a members-only place and strikes the bottle to one of its pillars. However, instead of the bottle, the pillar develops a crack, which then spreads throughout the house and within a moment, it shatters to dust. Waldo's Dad comments to a shocked Waldo, that they might still have the receipt.
Cast
Doris Roberts as Grandma
Greg Germann as Ray "Big Ray" Kaye
Lex Medlin as Officer Kennedy
Valerie Azlynn as Miss Crabtree
Jet Jurgensmeyer as Spanky
Drew Justice as Alfalfa
River Alexander in singing voice
Jenna Ortega as Mary Ann
Connor Berry as Stymie
Isaiah "Zay Zay" Fredericks as Buckwheat
Camden Gray as Porky
Eden Wood as Darla
Grant Palmer as Waldo
Chase Vacnin as Butch
Rio Mangini as Woim
Billy Johnston as Freckle-Faced Boy
Jim Blanchette as Customer #1
James Hallett as Golf Club Manager
French Stewart as Bank Officer
Bug Hall as Delivery Man/Ice Cream Man (Hall played Alfalfa in the 1994 film.)
Steve Monroe as Mailman
Brian Stepanek as Sergio
Mindy Sterling as Talent Coordinator
Robert Torti as TV Show Host Leo McCarey
Cathy Giannone as Customer #2
Dashell Zamm as McKibble the Magnificent
Jules as Petey
Notable themes
Many of the gags and subplots in the film were borrowed from the original Our Gang/Little Rascals shorts. These include:
The "high-sign" originally appeared in the Little Rascals short Anniversary Trouble.
The kids getting themselves kicked out of school during a classroom party originally appeared in the Little Rascals short Teacher's Pet.
The main plot, involving saving Grandma's bakery, was borrowed from the Little Rascals film Helping Grandma.
The kids' band, The International Silver String Submarine Band, was original featured in the Little Rascals film Mike Fright. In a deleted scene, Spanky and Alfalfa interrupt Butch's trombone performance by eating lemons. This gag was also borrowed from Mike Fright.
The kids preparing a cake was borrowed from 1932's Birthday Blues. The sounds that the cake makes inside of the oven are also based on those made by the cake in Birthday Blues.
Spanky and Alfalfa getting jobs as caddies was the plot for the Little Rascals comedy Divot Diggers.
A parrot says, "Remarkable!", a nod to the Gang film Forgotten Babies. In a deleted scene, the parrot also says, "Yum, yum! Eat 'em up!", a nod to The Kid From Borneo.
The kids' handmade taxi, and the idea of it going down a steep hill were borrowed from Free Wheeling.
Alfalfa fighting the Masked Marvel, which turns out to be Butch, was originally featured in the Little Rascals comedy Came the Brawn.
The film features a handful of inside jokes for fans of both the original Little Rascals and the 1994 film adaptation. These include:
The kids attend Robert McGowan Elementary School. Robert McGowan directed over 100 of the 220 original Little Rascals shorts between 1922 and 1933.
Miss Crabtree's first name is June, while Officer Kennedy's first name is Edgar. This is a nod to June Marlowe and Edgar Kennedy, the actors who portrayed Miss Crabtree and Officer Kennedy in the original Little Rascals shorts.
A marquee on a movie theater reads "Hal Roach Film Festival. Hal Roach was the producer creator of the Gang/Little Rascals series.
The talent show host is named Leo McCarey. McCarey worked on several of the original Little Rascals shorts.
Bug Hall, who portrayed Alfalfa in the 1994 film, cameos as an ice cream man. In a deleted scene, they suggest that Alfalfa reminds them of themselves when they were younger.
The "figurine" on the cab is the same as the figurine on "Blur 2: The Sequel".
See also
Our Gang (original Little Rascals film series)
The Little Rascals (animated TV series)
The Little Rascals (1994 feature film)
References
External links
2014 films
Our Gang
2014 direct-to-video films
2010s children's comedy films
Films directed by Alex Zamm
American children's comedy films
Universal Pictures direct-to-video films
2014 comedy films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Diapensia is a genus of flowering plants of the family Diapensiaceae. Most of the species are found in the Himalayas. Diapensia lapponica has a high Arctic, circumpolar distribution.
Species
Diapensia obovata, which is found in Asia and western North America, is now generally considered to be Diapensia lapponica subsp. obovata, which would make the European and eastern North American Diapensia lapponica into Diapensia lapponica subsp. lapponica. Species currently accepted by The Plant List, are as follows:
Diapensia himalaica Hook.f. & Thomson
Diapensia lapponica L.
Diapensia purpurea Diels
Diapensia wardii W.E.Evans
References
Diapensiaceae
Taxa named by Carl Linnaeus
Ericales genera
Kerakat railway station (KCT) is a passenger rail station serving the town of Kerakat and nearby villages. It is situated from . It is very famous and small station of this area. This station has two platforms.
Outline
Kerakat railway station is one of the railway stations on the Jaunpur–Kerakat–Aunrihar line section. The station is situated north side from Kerakat Main Market. The station falls under the administration of Varanasi division, North Eastern Railway zone.
Facilities
There Are Two Plateforms and Four Railway Track,So This Station is Work as Block & Crossing Station.
One Footoverbridge, Water Booth,Toilet,Shed,Unreserved Ticket Counter, Vehicle Parking etc. is Also Available.
Trains
Suhaildev Express
Barauni–Gondia Express
Loknayak Express
Bandra–Ghazipur Express
Sadbhavna Express
Some other Passenger trains.
History
This station was established on 21 March 1904 when Aunrihar–Kerakat–Jaunpur line was opened under the administration of Bengal and North Western Railway. The Aunrihar–Kirakat–Jaunpur line was constructed as a -wide metre-gauge line by the Bengal and North Western Railway in 1904. It was converted to -wide broad gauge in 2010–11 along with basic amenities for the station with additional funds to the tune of from MPLADS.
This Station Rebuilt in 2010-2011 From Meter gauge station to Broad Gauge Station with single line.
Now in 2022 old Station building Is Demolished & New Station Building With Double Line Electrified Track Functioning From 23 April 2022
See also
Bengal and North Western Railway
North Eastern Railway zone
Oudh and Tirhut Railway
References
External links
Railway stations in Jaunpur district
Railway Stations in Kerakat Sub District
Railway stations opened in 1904
1904 establishments in India
Varanasi railway division
Francis Hare may refer to:
Francis Hare (bishop) (1671–1740), English churchman and classical scholar
Francis Augustus Hare (1830–1892), a police officer in Victoria (Australia) who led the pursuit of Ned Kelly and their gang
Francis W. E. Hare (1858–1928), Irish physician and low-carbohydrate diet advocate
Francis Hare, 6th Earl of Listowel (born 1964), Irish and British peer
See also
Francis Hare-Naylor (1753–1815), English historical author
The Sunshine Millions Oaks is an American race for thoroughbred horses held in January as part of the eight-race Sunshine Millions series. Run at Santa Anita Park in Arcadia, California or at Gulfstream Park in Hallandale Beach, Florida, half the eight-race series is run at one track and half at the other.
Open to three-year-old fillies willing to race six furlongs on the dirt, the Sunshine Millions Oaks is an ungraded stakes event but carries a purse of $250,000. Inaugurated at seven furlongs in 2003, the race is also known as the Ocala Stud Oaks (in 2006).
In its eighth running in 2010, the series of races called the Sunshine Millions are restricted to horses bred either in Florida or in California and is the brainchild of the Thoroughbred Owners of California, the California Thoroughbred Breeders Association, the Florida Thoroughbred Breeders' and Owners' Association, Inc., Santa Anita Park, Gulfstream Park, and Magna Entertainment Corp.
Winners
References
Official site of the Sunshine Millions
The Sunshine Millions Oaks at Pedigree Query
Restricted stakes races in the United States
Horse races in Florida
Horse races in California
Flat horse races for three-year-old fillies
Allgeyer v. Louisiana, 165 U.S. 578 (1897), was a landmark case of the Supreme Court of the United States in which a unanimous bench struck down a Louisiana statute for violating an individual's liberty of contract. It was the first case in which the Supreme Court interpreted the word liberty in the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to mean economic liberty. The decision marked the beginning of the Lochner era during which the Supreme Court struck many state regulations for infringing on an individual's right to contract. The Lochner era lasted 40 years and ended when West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish was decided in 1937.
Statute
In 1894, the Louisiana legislature passed a statute, "An act to prevent persons, corporations or firms from dealing with marine insurance companies that have not complied with law." The ostensible purpose of the statute was to prevent fraud by requiring state citizens and corporations to abstain from business with out-of-state marine insurance companies. Compliance with the statute required all out-of-state insurance companies to have an appointed agent within the state. The text of the statute read:
That any person, firm or corporation who shall fill up, sign or issue in this State any certificate of insurance under an open marine policy, or who in any manner whatever does any act in this State to effect, for themselves or for another, insurance on property, then in this State, in any marine insurance company which has not complied in all respects with the laws of this State, shall be subject to a fine of one thousand dollars, for each offense, which shall be sued for in any competent court by the attorney general for the use and benefit of the charity hospitals in New Orleans and in Shreveport.
Case
On October 27, 1894, E. Allgeyer & Co. dispatched mail from New Orleans to the Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company in New York City to insure an international shipment of cotton, at the time in Louisiana, under an open policy that Allgeyer had with the insurance company.
On December 21, 1894, the State of Louisiana filed a petition in Orleans Parish court alleging Allgeyer had violated the statute in three counts and sought a cumulative fine of $3,000 (). Instead of offering an argument of innocence, Allgeyer challenged the statute on grounds for violating the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment of the US Constitution.
The case went to trial, and the parish court entered a judgment for Allgeyer.
The Louisiana Supreme Court reversed the decision on appeal for one count and found that the other two counts were not proved. As a result, Allgeyer was fined $1,000 ().
Issue
May a state prohibit a party within its jurisdiction from insuring property within the state through an out-of-state insurance company, which has no appointed agent within the state, if the insurance contract is made outside the state?
Attorneys for Allgeyer claimed that the statute violated both the Louisiana and the US Constitutions. They reasoned that liberty in the Due Process Clause entitled citizens to be free from arbitrary restrictions. In particular, the attorneys claimed the following:
The statute deprived Allgeyer of property without due process
The statute violated Allgeyer's right to equal protection
The action prosecuted fell outside the jurisdiction of Louisiana, making the statute inapplicable.
The insurance contracts and all business which transpired under them were under the jurisdiction of New York and so were lawfully made under that jurisdiction.
Allgeyer had the right to perform all acts necessary to execute the contracts in Louisiana.
Decision
A unanimous court held for Allgeyer. Associate Justice Rufus Peckham authored the opinion of the court that the statute violated the Fourteenth Amendment.
The 'liberty' mentioned in [the Fourteenth] amendment means not only the right of the citizen to be free from the mere physical restraint of their person, as by incarceration, but the term is deemed to embrace the right of the citizen to be free in the enjoyment of all their faculties, to be free to use them in all lawful ways, to live and work where they will, to earn their livelihood by any lawful calling, to pursue any livelihood or avocation, and for that purpose to enter into all contracts which may be proper, necessary, and essential to theirs carrying out to a successful conclusion the purposes above mentioned.
Justice Peckham then defined liberty by using the dissent of Associate Justice Joseph P. Bradley from the Slaughter-House Cases. However, Peckham did not give any indication of the limits of permissible inroads of state police power upon the right. They left such determinations to be made by future courts over "each case as it arises."
See also
Slaughter-House Cases,
Munn v. Illinois,
Mugler v. Kansas,
Lochner v. New York,
References
External links
1897 in United States case law
Legal history of Louisiana
United States corporate case law
United States substantive due process case law
United States Supreme Court cases
United States Supreme Court cases of the Fuller Court
1897 in Louisiana
Arunima Sinha is an Indian mountain climber and sportswoman.  They are the world's first female amputee to scale Mount Everest, Mount Kilimanjaro (Tanzania), Mount Elbrus (Russia), Mount Kosciusko (Australia), Mount Aconcagua (South America), Mount Denali (North America) and Mount Vinson, they are also a seven time Indian volleyball player.
They were pushed from a running train by robbers in 2011 while they were resisting them, causing in rods pushed into their right leg and multiple fractures of the spinal cord.
Them aim was to climb each of the continent's highest peaks and hoist the national flag of India. They have already done seven peaks until 2014: Everest in Asia, Kilimanjaro in Africa, Elbrus in Europe, Kosciuszko in Australia, Aconcagua in South America, and Denali in North America. They completed their final summit of Mount Vinson in Antarctica on 1 January 2019.
In 2015, the Government of India honored them with the Padma Shri award, the fourth highest civilian award of India.
Early life
Arunima Sinha was born in Ambedkar Nagar near Lucknow in Uttar Pradesh. Them father was in the Indian Army and their mother was a supervisor in the health department. They had an elder sister and a younger brother. After their father died, their mother tried to take care of their family.
Arunima liked football and also was a national volleyball player. They wanted to join the paramilitary forces. They got a call letter from the CISF and faced their life-changing accident while travelling to Delhi. Robbers snatched their bag and pushed them out of the running train. They fell on the track and was unable to move due to their severe injuries. A train coming from the opposite side ran over their leg below the knee. The locals then took them to the hospital.
Train accident
Sinha, a former national volleyball and football player, boarded the Padmavati Express train at Lucknow for Delhi on 12 April 2011, to take an examination to join the CISF. They were pushed out of a general coach of the train by hooligans wanting to snatch their bag and gold chain for personal favours. Recounting the incident, they said:
Immediately, as they fell on the railway track, another train on a parallel track crushed their leg below the knee. They were rushed to the hospital with serious leg and pelvic injuries and lost their leg after doctors amputated it to save their lives.
They were offered compensation of by the Indian Sports Ministry. Following national outrage, the Minister of State for Youth Affairs and Sports Ajay Maken announced an additional Rs. compensation as medical relief, together with a recommendation for a job in the CISF. The Indian Railways also offered them a job.
On 18 April 2011, they were brought to the India Institute of Medical Sciences for further treatment, spending four months at the institute. They were provided a prosthetic leg free of cost by a private Delhi-based Indian company.
An inquiry by the police into the incident threw their version of the accident into doubt. According to the police, they were either attempting suicide or met with an accident while crossing the railway tracks. Arunima claimed that the police were lying. Contrary to the police claims the Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court ordered Indian Railways to pay a compensation of to Arunima Sinha.
Mount Everest journey
Planning and training
While still being treated in the India Institute of Medical Sciences, they resolved to climb Mount Everest. They were inspired by cricketer Yuvraj Singh (who had successfully battled cancer) and other television shows, "to do something" with their life. They excelled in the basic mountaineering course from the Nehru Institute of Mountaineering, Uttarkashi, and was encouraged by their mother to climb Everest. They climbed Mount Everest with a prosthetic leg, which was arranged by raising funds with the help of a swami of Ramakrishna Mission, Vadodara.
They contacted Bachendri Pal, the first Indian woman to climb Mount Everest, in 2011. When they met Pal and Arunima told their story to her, Bachendri Pal said to Arunima "My child, you decided to climb Mount Everest in these situations with Prosthetic (Artificial) leg. You had climbed, achieved Mount Everest my child now just the date is remaining to the World to know".
And after that Arunima join a basic mountaineering course from Nehru Institute of Mountaineering and TATA Steel Adventure (TSAF) in Uttarkashi (India) and they were encouraged or motivated by their elder brother Omprakash to climb Mount Everest.
Sinha climbed Island Peak (6150 metres) in 2012 as preparation for their ascent of Everest
Sinha and Susan Mahout, a USAF instructor, who had together climbed Mount Chaser Sangria () in 2012 under the guidance of Hendrick Pal started their ascent of Mount Everest.
After a hard toil of 17 hours, Sinha reached the summit of Mount Everest at 10:55 am on 21 May 2013, as part of the Tata Group-sponsored Eco Everest Expedition, becoming the first female amputee to scale Everest. They took 52 days to reach the summit. They wrote a small message thanking the Almighty on a wrapped cloth and pressed it in the snow. Recounting the incident, they said:
After climbing Mount Everest
Uttar Pradesh then-incumbent chief minister Akhilesh Yadav honored Arunima sinha and handed over two cheques for an amount of Rs. 25 lakh in a function organised at their residence in Lucknow. This included a cheque of Rs. 20 lakh from the state government and a cheque of Rs. 5 lakh on behalf of the BJP Party. The Chief minister said that Sinha had created history, due to their hard work and determination, by climbing Mount Everest. They were congratulated by the Jitendra Singh on their achievement.
Arunima Sinha is now dedicated towards social welfare and wants to open a free sports academy for poor and disabled people.  They are donating all the financial aids they are getting through awards and seminars for the same cause. The academy would be named Shaheed Chandra Shekhar Vikalang Khel Academy.
They wrote the 2014 book Born Again on The Mountain.
They were awarded Padma Shri, the fourth highest civilian award of India, in 2015. They were Awarded Tenzing Norgay Highest Mountaineering Award in India same as Arjun Award
Antarctic expedition
After climbing the Mount Everest Arunima Sinha's next goal was to climb all the seven highest peaks in all seven continents. They covered six peaks, i.e. in Asia, Europe, South America, Australia, Africa and North America by 2014. They summited Mount Elburs of Russia (Europe) Elevation 5,642 m (18,510 ft), Prominence 4,741 m (15,554 ft) and Kilimanjaro of Tanzania(Africa)Elevation 5,895 m (19,341 ft) and Prominence 5,885 m (19,308 ft). On 4 January 2019, they climbed the seventh peak on Antarctica and became world's first female amputee to climb Mount Vinson.
See also
Indian summiters of Mount Everest - Year wise
List of Mount Everest records of India
List of Mount Everest records
List of Mount Everest summiters by number of times to the summit
References
Living people
Indian summiters of Mount Everest
1988 births
People from Ambedkar Nagar district
Indian amputees
Recipients of the Padma Shri in sports
21st-century Indian women
Sportswomen from Uttar Pradesh
Indian female mountain climbers
Indian mountain climbers
Recipients of the Tenzing Norgay National Adventure Award
Kosmos 242 ( meaning Cosmos 242), also known as DS-P1-I No.4 was a satellite which was used as a radar target for anti-ballistic missile tests. It was launched by the Soviet Union in 1968 as part of the Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik programme.
It was launched aboard a Kosmos-2I 63SM rocket, from Site 133/1 at Plesetsk. The launch occurred at 14:39:59 UTC on 20 September 1968.
Kosmos 242 was placed into a low Earth orbit with a perigee of , an apogee of , 71 degrees of inclination, and an orbital period of 91.3 minutes. It decayed from orbit on 13 November 1968.
Kosmos 242 was the fourth of nineteen DS-P1-I satellites to be launched. Of these, all reached orbit successfully except the seventh.
See also
1968 in spaceflight
References
Spacecraft launched in 1968
Kosmos 0242
1968 in the Soviet Union
Dnepropetrovsk Sputnik program
The East Carolina Pirates football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the East Carolina Pirates football program in various categories, including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Pirates represent East Carolina University in the NCAA's American Athletic Conference.
East Carolina began competing in intercollegiate football in 1932. However, these lists are dominated by more recent players for several reasons:
Since 1932, seasons have increased from 10 games to 11 and then 12 games in length.
The NCAA didn't allow freshmen to play varsity football until 1972 (with the exception of the World War II years), allowing players to have four-year careers.
Bowl games only began counting toward single-season and career statistics in 2002. The Pirates have played in eight bowl games since then, allowing players an extra game to accumulate statistics.
The recent decade has seen two players set NCAA records: Justin Hardy, who caught 387 passes, more than anyone in all college football ever had, until fellow Pirate Zay Jones broke the record in 2016. Jones also set the NCAA single-season record with 158 receptions, which is more than all but 2 other East Carolina receivers have ever had in their whole careers.
Due to COVID-19 issues, the NCAA declared that the 2020 season would not be counted against the athletic eligibility of any football player, giving everyone who played in that season the opportunity for five years of eligibility instead of the normal four.
The 2015 East Carolina Football Media Guide does not list a top 10 in all statistics, sometimes only listing a leader. These lists are updated through game 1 of the 2021 season.
Passing
Passing Yards
Passing Touchdowns
Rushing
Rushing Yards
Rushing Touchdowns
Receiving
Receptions
Receiving Yards
Receiving Touchdowns
Total offense
Total offense is the sum of passing and rushing statistics. It does not include receiving or returns.
Total offense yards
Touchdowns responsible for
"Touchdowns responsible for" is the NCAA's official term for combined passing and rushing touchdowns.
Defense
The East Carolina Media Guide lists only a leader in defensive statistics, rather than a top 10.
Interceptions
Tackles
Sacks
Kicking
Field goals made
Field goal percentage
References
Lists of college football statistical leaders by team
Statistical Leaders
The black-and-tawny seedeater (Sporophila nigrorufa) is a species of bird in the family Thraupidae.
It is found in the Pantanal of eastern Bolivia and adjacent southwestern Brazil. Its natural habitat is subtropical or tropical seasonally wet or flooded lowland grassland. It is threatened by habitat loss.
It is also sparsely found in La Pampa Province in Argentina.
References
black-and-tawny seedeater
Birds of the Pantanal
Vulnerable animals
black-and-tawny seedeater
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
David McKinney (8 April 1945 - 25 February 2014) was a New Zealand-born author and journalist. McKinney lived in London, specialising in motor-racing history.  They are best known for their authoritative history of the classic Maserati 250F Formula 1 Grand Prix car and as a contributor to motoring publications throughout the world.
Career
Following an early career in the motor industry in New Zealand, they switched to journalism. They specialized in politics and rose to editorial positions in radio and television.
Their interest in motorsport led to competing as a driver in club events, and as a rally co-driver at the international level. Through this period they supplied reports to publications in New Zealand, Australia, the UK and the US, and from 1979 to 1985 was managing editor of MotorAction and NZ Motoring News. After moving to the UK in 1985, they served as editor for Motor Racing, subsequently acting as sports editor of Auto Classic, Associate Editor of Historic Race & Rally and European Editor of Historic Racing and the US publication Victory Lane. They also provided press relations support for several racing associations and contributed to publications and websites around the world.
Their published works in addition to Maserati 250F (Crowood Press 2003) include The Dunlop Book of New Zealand Motorsport (Reed Methuen 1987) and Can-Am Cars (Osprey 1999). They were English language editor of Adriano Cimarosti's award-winning Complete History of Grand Prix Motor Racing (Motor Racing Publications 1990).
Publications
References
New Zealand writers
Motoring journalists
Historians of motorsport
New Zealand motorsport people
2014 deaths
1945 births
The Federal Correctional Complex, Petersburg (FCC Petersburg) is a United States federal prison complex for male inmates in Petersburg, Virginia. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice.
The complex consists of two facilities:
Federal Correctional Institution, Petersburg Low: a low-security facility with an adjacent satellite prison camp for minimum-security inmates.
Federal Correctional Institution, Petersburg Medium: a medium-security facility.
FCC Petersburg is located 25 miles southeast of Richmond, Virginia, the state capital. It lies in the northwesternmost part of Prince George County, just west of Hopewell, Virginia.
FCC Petersburg is located in Prince George County, 25 miles southeast of Richmond, Virginia, the state capital. It lies just west of the independent city of Hopewell, Virginia.
Facility and programs
FCI Petersburg offers numerous educational opportunities, including a GED Program, English as-a-Second Language, Occupational Education, Post-Secondary Education, Adult Continuing Education, as well as Parenting Classes and Release Preparation. The facility also has a Law Library which compliant inmates may use periodically.
FCI Petersburg is one of several federal prison facilities which offer sex offender treatment programs. The Sex Offender Management Program (SOMP) at FCI Petersburg was established to assist in effectively managing the Bureau of Prisons' population of offenders with sex offense histories. The program consists of assessment/evaluation, treatment, and monitoring/managing components. The assessment/evaluation component of SOMP is non-voluntary because it assists correctional staff in determining whether the inmate is likely to engage in risk relevant behavior while incarcerated. The remaining elements of the program are voluntary.
Notable incidents
In 2008, a joint investigation conducted by the FBI and the Bureau of Prisons finds that an inmate at FCI Petersburg, John Leighnor, was coordinating an ongoing identity-theft scheme from the facility. Leighnor was already serving a 7-year-sentence dating from a conviction in 2003 for another identity-theft scheme. Armed with the names of their victims, Leighnor drafted correspondence to be sent by mail to various governmental agencies and other organizations to obtain official documentation for their targets. In connection with each mailing, Leighnor either claimed that they were the person they were victimizing or that they were a lawyer, advocate, or other designated representative for a targeted victim. They requested the victim's personal documentation, such as birth certificates, family information, undergraduate transcripts, enrollment applications, and death certificates. Leighnor directed that all return correspondence be sent to their attention at various addresses, including: "Dept. 14375-077, P.O. Box 1000, Petersburg, Virginia 23804." They concealed the fact that the correspondence would be delivered to them at FCI Petersburg and that "14375-077" was their federal prisoner identification number.
Upon receiving the victim's identifying information, Leighnor planned to obtain passports, birth certificates, driver's licenses, and other identification documents for themselves in the victims' names, to be used in traveling and obtaining funds from financial institutions and individuals. Leighnor also possessed documents and made statements to other inmates at FCI Petersburg about their plans to file claims with the Claims Resolution Tribunal (the entity charged with handling claims on Swiss bank accounts believed to have been abandoned by victims of Nazi persecution during World War II), in order to gain control of abandoned funds in the Swiss bank accounts connected to Holocaust victims.
In 2009, Leighnor was sentenced to an additional 8 years in prison for mail fraud and identity theft related to the FCI Petersburg scheme. They were held at the Federal Correctional Institution, Fort Dix, a low-security facility in New Jersey. They were released in 2016 after completing their sentence.
A joint investigation conducted by the FBI and the Department of Justice Inspector General found that a correction officer at FCC Petersburg, Keif Jackson, conspired with inmate Walter Brooks to smuggle heroin inside the facility. In 2008, Brooks recruited Jackson to smuggle heroin to them in the prison. At Brooks' request, Officer Jackson contacted acquaintances of Brooks. They met with them on several occasions to obtain heroin, and smuggled the drugs into the prison. After Brooks was released from FCC Petersburg in 2010, Brooks began supplying heroin to Jackson to smuggle into the prison. Approximately one year later, on Oct. 10, 2011, Jackson was stopped by the police on their way to work. Upon searching their vehicle, officers recovered a package containing heroin.
Jackson entered a guilty plea to conspiracy to distribute heroin in March 2012 and was sentenced to 12 months in prison.
In September 2012, a federal jury convicted Brooks, 57, of conspiracy to provide contraband to inmates, conspiracy to distribute heroin, five counts of providing contraband to inmates, and three counts of use of a communication facility to commit a felony.
On June 18, 2022, four inmates were discovered missing from the FCC Petersburg satellite campus. Authorities notified United States Marshals Service, Federal Bureau of Investigation, and other law enforcement agencies. The inmates were named as
Corey Branch, age 41, was serving a sentence for a conviction in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia for possession with intent to distribute fentanyl and for possessing a firearm as a felon.
Tavares Lajuane Graham, age 44, was serving a sentence for a conviction in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina for possession of cocaine and cocaine base with intent to sell, as well as possession of a firearm in furtherance of a drug trafficking crime. Their original residence was Hope Mills, North Carolina
Lamonte Rashawn Willis, age 30, was serving a sentence for a conviction in the Eastern District of Virginia for possessing and concealing a stolen firearm and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon. Their original residence was Suffolk, Virginia.
Kareem Allen Shaw, age 46, was serving a sentence for a conviction in the United States District Court for the Western District of Virginia for conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute a measurable quantity of heroin. Their original residence was Harrisonburg, Virginia.
Notable inmates (current and former)
Medium Security
Minimum Security
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Buildings and structures in Prince George County, Virginia
Petersburg
Prisons in Virginia
The Attack is a multidirectional shooter written by Tom Pettingill for the TI-99/4A home computer and published by Texas Instruments in 1981. The game was originally developed at Milton Bradley as Alien, based on the 1979 movie of the same name.
Gameplay
The player in a spaceship use their weapons to blast apart "spores" that connect together to form new aliens, and blast already formed aliens before they eat the player. There are incubators on screen that will release more spores or, in later levels, aliens.
Reception
References
TI-99/4A games
1981 video games
Multidirectional shooters
Video games developed in the United States
External links
Centre for Computing History: The Attack
Pixelated Arcade: The Attack
TI-99/4A-Pedia: The Attack
TI-99ers On-line User Group: TI-99 Cartridge Listing
The Flag Officer Submarines (FOSM) is the single-point class authority of submarines in the Indian Navy. A two-star Officer holding the rank of Rear Admiral, the FOSM is responsible for submarine safety, submarine training, maintenance and operating schedules and operational readiness inspections. The current FOSM is Rear Admiral A. Y. Sardesai who assumed office on 5 February 2020.
History
The submarine arm of the Indian Navy was formed with the commissioning of in December 1967. Three other submarines – , and were acquired from the Soviet Union and the 8th Submarine squadron was formed. The submarine base INS Virbahu in Visakhapatnam was commissioned on 19 May 1971 as the shore support base for submarines. The Commanding Officer of Virbahu functioned as the Captain of the submarine squadron and the class Authority for all submarines.
In 1985, the Navy's Command and Control structure was streamlined. To rationalise Command and Control of the Submarine Arm, a single-point class authority was constituted which would be located at the Submarine Headquarters in Visakhapatnam. This authority would be responsible for all training and maintenance of submarines, analogous to Flag Officer Naval Aviation (FONA). The authority was christened Flag Officer Submarines (FOSM) and Rear Admiral Arun Auditto, took over as the first FOSM. The FOSM was to be responsible to NHQ for all Class Authority and training functions in regard to submarines. The FOSM would be under the administrative control of the Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Eastern Naval Command. (FOC-in-C ENC), but interact with the FOC-in-C of both Eastern Naval Command and Western Naval Command on all matters related to their charter of duties.
In the 1990s, the need for a senior officer at Naval headquarters was felt. The officer would impart senior level advice on submarine matters. On 14 October 1996, the appointment of Assistant Chief of Naval Staff (Submarines) (ACNS SM) was created. Rear Admiral Arun Kumar Singh, took over as the first ACNS (SM). They also dual-hatted as the FOSM. While the policy decisions were taken by the FOSM, the administration of the submarine HQ was carried out by a Commodore. The ACNS functioned under the Deputy Chief of the Naval Staff. In January 2001, the post of ACNS (SM) was instituted as a separate billet. The ACNS (SM) is based at NHQ while the FOSM is based at Visakhapatnam.
Structure
The submarine base INS Virbahu and the submarine training school INS Satavahana come under the FOSM. INS Satavahana, being a training establishment comes under the Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Southern Naval Command since the command is the training command of the Navy. FOSM provides necessary support to FOC-in-C South for technical aspects of submarine training.
List of FOSM
See also
Commodore Commanding Submarines (East)
Commodore Commanding Submarines (West)
Notes
References
Bibliography
Indian Navy
Indian military appointments
Indian Navy appointments
Pseudaesopia japonica, the wavyband sole or Seto sole, is a species of sole native to the western Pacific Ocean, where found over sandy mud bottoms. This species is the only known member of its genus. This species grows to a length of SL.
See also
Aesopia and Zebrias: Two related genera with a similar striped pattern
References
Soleidae
Taxa named by Paul Chabanaud
Monotypic fish genera
The Federal Correctional Institution, Oxford (FCI Oxford) is a medium-security United States federal prison for male inmates in Wisconsin. It is operated by the Federal Bureau of Prisons, a division of the United States Department of Justice. The facility also has an adjacent satellite prison camp that houses minimum-security male offenders.
FCI Oxford is located in Adams County, in central Wisconsin, 60 miles north of Madison, the state capital.
Notable incidents
On June 21, 2011, Timothy Washington (15022-047), a 48-year-old inmate serving a sentence for drug trafficking, stabbed another inmate with a homemade prison weapon known as a shank. The victim suffered 16 stab wounds, but survived the assault. Washington pleaded guilty to assault with a dangerous weapon in February 2012 and was sentenced to an additional 33 months in prison. They were transferred to USP Terre Haute and is scheduled for release in 2021.
Notable inmates (current and former)
See also
List of U.S. federal prisons
Federal Bureau of Prisons
Incarceration in the United States
References
Oxford
Buildings and structures in Adams County, Wisconsin
Prisons in Wisconsin
Hold On to Love may refer to:
"Hold On to Love" (Peter Skellern song)
"Hold On to Love" (Aiko Kayō song)
"I Want You (Hold On to Love)", a song by Cee Lo Green
"Hold On to Love", a song by Gary Moore from the album Victims of the Future
"Hold On to Love", a song by Jon Anderson from the album In the City of Angels
"Hold On to Love", a song by Rabbitt from the album Revival
"Hold On to Love", a song by T'Pau from the album The Promise
See also
Hold On to Your Love (disambiguation)
James Howard Blair (October 28, 1909 – May 23, 1992) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
In 1932, they won the gold medal as member of the American boat in the eights competition.
External links
profile
1909 births
1992 deaths
Rowers at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Olympic gold medalists for the United States in rowing
American male rowers
Medalists at the 1932 Summer Olympics
Babljak may refer to:
Babljak (Rogatica), Bosnia and Herzegovina
Babljak, Kolašin, Montenegro
Killing the Second Dog (Polish: Drugie zabicie psa) is a novel by Polish writer Marek Hłasko. The novel, published in 1965, is the first in their so-called "Israeli trilogy", a series of novels following the exploits of Jacob and Robert, con-artists who prey on women.
Background
Hłasko, who had left Communist Poland in 1958, landed in Israel in 1959. Unable to find work or fit into Israeli society, they lived as a vagrant, though their income from previous publications staved off destitution. By 1960 they had moved again, to West Germany. The semi-autobiographical Killing the Second Dog was published in 1965, followed the next year by Nawrócony w Jaffie ("Converted in Jaffa"). The third part of the trilogy is the novella Opowiem wam o Esther ("I want to tell you about Esther").
Content
Jacob (in whom we should see the author, according to Arnon Grunberg) and Robert are con men in Tel Aviv who prey on single women who visit Israel. The con starts with Jacob, posing as a sensitive and helpless man, gaining the women's trust and manipulating them into "saving" him. They then pretends, racked by guilt over an event in their past, to want to commit suicide; they don't, but instead kills their dog to indicate how emotionally destitute they are.
Publication and translations
An English translation by Tomasz Mirkowicz was published by Cane Hill Press c. 1990, and republished (with an introduction by Lesley Chamberlain) in 2014 by New Vessel Press. The entire trilogy was published in Dutch, translated by Karol Lesman and Gerard Rasch, with an afterword by Arnon Grunberg (whose first venture, a publishing company, had published Lesman's translation of I want to tell you about Esther).
References
External links
Lesley Chamberlain on Marek Hlasko
1965 novels
Polish novels
20th-century Polish novels
Kim Jung-young ( born on 27 July 1972) is a South Korean actor. They made their acting debut in 2000 in films, since then, they have appeared in number of plays, films and television series. They got recognition for their supporting roles in Clean with Passion for Now (2018), Black Dog: Being A Teacher (2019), Jirisan, River Where the Moon Rises (2021) and Business Proposal (2022). They have acted in films such as: The Piper (2015), The King's Case Note (2017) and Our Body (2018) among others.
Career
At Sangmyung University Kim was a member of a playgroup and later they joined theater company Han River in 1995. They debuted in films in 2000 through Kim Ki-duk's Real Fiction. After their first appearance, they did minor roles in the films such as Bungee Jumping of Their Own (2001) and an indie film Waikiki Brothers (2001). Then they got break in Bad Guy (2001) and 2003 NETPAC award winner of the Locarno International Film Festival, Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... and Spring. Later they appeared in films such as Thread of Lies (2013), The Piper (2015), Lost to Shame (2016), Memoir of a Murderer (2017) and indie film Our Body (2018). Them television debut was in 2012 with a small role in How Long I've Kissed and then Secret Affair (2014).
In 2022, Kim appeared in romantic comedy Business Proposal, tvN's revenge melodrama Eve, and Coupang's psychological thriller Anna.  They are also cast in JTBC's Bloody Romance, which will air in second half of 2022. In the same year, their film Mother and Daughter, which was screened at 23rd Jeonju International Film Festival won CGV Arthouse Award Distribution Support Prize and Watcha's Pick: Feature award at the festival.
Filmography
Films
Television series
Theater
References
External links
Kim Jung-young on Daum
Kim Jung-young on Play DB
21st-century South Korean actores
South Korean film actores
South Korean television actores
South Korean stage actores
Living people
1972 births
DYKR (96.7 FM), broadcasting as 96.7 XFM, is a radio station owned by DCG Radio-TV Network and operated by Yes2Health Advertising, Inc. The station's studio and transmitter are located at the 4th floor, Monarch Finance Corporation (MFC) Bldg., Lacson St., Bacolod.
History
The station was established in 1993 by Exodus Broadcasting Company as one of the provincial WRock stations. After its Manila flagship station was acquired by Manila Broadcasting Company on October 6, 2008, the station was relaunched as a separate entity from WRocK Online. In May 2010, due to lack of resources and financial challenges, WRocK Online, along with the station, went off the air.
In 2020, DCG Radio-TV Network acquired the frequency from Exodus. In early 2022, Yes2Health Advertising took over the station's operations and began its test broadcast as XFM, carrying a news and music format. XFM Bacolod officially launched on April 4, 2022.
References
Radio stations in Bacolod
Radio stations established in 1993
William Arthur Goodfellow (August 18, 1901 – May 10, 1983) was a politician in Ontario, Canada. They were a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1943 to 1963 who represented the riding of Northumberland. They served as a cabinet minister in the governments of George Drew, Thomas Kennedy, Leslie Frost, and John Robarts.
Background
Goodfellow was born on the family farm in Northumberland County, Ontario. They attended Warkworth High School and the Ontario Agricultural College. In 1922, they were elected as a Councillor in Brighton Township, later becoming Deputy-Reeve and then Reeve. On September 20, 1924, they married Dora Agusta Philp (June 24, 1903 – February 19, 1986) at the farm of the bride's parents in Colborne, Ontario. They had five children. in 1963, Goodfellow was remarried, this time to Barbara Calderwood (January 6, 1910 – 1993).
 They are buried in Mount Olivet Cemetery, Brighton, Ontario.
Politics
First elected in the general election in 1943, Goodfellow was re-elected in the general elections in 1945, 1948, 1951, 1955 and 1959. They served as member of the George A. Drew, Thomas Laird Kennedy, Leslie Frost and John Robarts majority Progressive Conservative governments. From 1943 to 1946, they served as a backbench member of the government, sitting on an average of six Standing Committees of the Legislative Assembly. On January 7, 1946, they were appointed as the Minister of Public Welfare, a position they held until August 17, 1955. From August 17, 1955 until November 1, 1956, they served as Minister of Municipal Affairs. For several months, they held two Ministerial positions as, on August 1, 1956, they were also appointed as the Minister of Agriculture. They kept that portfolio until November 8, 1961, at which time they were named as the Minister of Highways. On October 25, 1962, they gave up that position and served as Minister without portfolio until the end of their fifth term in office. In October 1963, Goodfellow retired from political life.
Cabinet posts
References
External links
1901 births
1983 deaths
Members of the Executive Council of Ontario
People from Northumberland County, Ontario
Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario MPPs
Bayu Nugroho (born 11 May 1992) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Liga 2 club PSPS Riau.
Honours
Club
Persebaya Surabaya
East Java Governor Cup: 2020
Dewa United
Liga 2 third place (play-offs): 2021
References
External links
1992 births
Indonesian footballers
Living people
People from Surakarta
Sportspeople from Central Java
Association football wingers
PSIS Semarang players
Persis Solo players
Bhayangkara F.C. players
Dewa United F.C. players
Teller Peak () is a peak, 3,550 m, marking the northeast extremity of Michigan Plateau and the Watson Escarpment, Queen Maud Mountains. Mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–63. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for James T. Teller, geologist with the Ohio State University party to the Horlick Mountains in 1964–65.
Mountains of Marie Byrd Land
The Library of Virginia in Richmond, Virginia, is the library agency of the Commonwealth of Virginia. It serves as the archival agency and the reference library for Virginia's seat of government. The Library moved into a new building in 1997 and is located at 800 East Broad Street, two blocks from the Virginia State Capitol building. It was formerly known as the Virginia State Library and as the Virginia State Library and Archives.
Formally founded by the Virginia General Assembly in 1823, the Library of Virginia organizes, cares for, and manages the state's collection of books and official records, many of which date back to the early colonial period. It houses what is believed to be the most comprehensive collection of materials on Virginia government, history, and culture available anywhere. Its research collections contain more than 808,500 bound volumes; 678,790 public documents; 410,330 microforms, including 45,684 reels of microfilmed newspapers; 308,900 photographs and other pictorial materials; 101.8 million manuscript items and records; and several hundred thousand prints, broadsides, and newspapers.
History of the institution
Although the Library of Virginia was officially established January 23, 1823, its history goes back to the collection of materials acquired for official use by the colonial Council and subsequent colonial and state authorities. The first permanent home of the Library was a small room on the top floor of the State Capitol. The state's books and records eventually outgrew this space, and overflow books and documents were then stored in several rented locations across Richmond.
In an 1851 survey by the Smithsonian, the library was listed as having 14,000 volumes.
In 1892, the General Assembly provided for a new Virginia State Library on Capitol Square in what is today known as the Oliver Hill Building. Over the ensuing forty years, the Library again outgrew that building, and in 1940 it moved to its third location at the edge of Capitol Square between 11th and Governor Streets (today the Patrick Henry Executive Office Building). It shared this space with the State Law Library, the Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals, the Virginia Department of Law, and the Office of the Attorney General.
The Library moved to its current location at 800 East Broad Street in 1997. The old library buildings were listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2008 and 2005, respectively.
The state library houses one of the most comprehensive collections on Virginia. The collection covers Virginia government, history, and culture. The collection focuses on the varied past of the commonwealth, documenting the lives of important and ordinary Virginians and their deeds. The collections include printed material, manuscripts and photographic collections. The Library also supplies research and reference assistance to state officials; consulting services to state and local government agencies and to other Virginia public libraries; administers numerous federal, state, and local grant programs; publishes award-winning books; provides educational programs and resources on Virginia history; and offers exhibitions, lectures, and book-signings.
Programs and publications
Since 1998, the Library of Virginia and the Library of Virginia Foundation have sponsored the annual Library of Virginia Literary Awards honoring outstanding Virginia authors and books about Virginia in the areas of fiction, nonfiction, and poetry. They also present annually a lifetime achievement award, whose past recipients are Ellen Glasgow (1998), Edgar Allan Poe (1999), Anne Spencer (2000), Booker T. Washington (2001), Mary Lee Settle (2002), Louis D. Rubin, Jr. (2003), George Garrett (2004), Merrill D. Peterson (2005), William Styron (2006), Tom Wolfe (2007), Rita Dove (2008), John Grisham (2009), Lee Smith (2010), Earl Hamner, Jr. (2011), Tim Robbins (2012), Charles Wright (2013), and Barbara Kingsolver (2014).
The Library of Virginia sponsors the annual Virginia Women in History project to honor eight Virginia women, living and dead, who have made extraordinary contributions to the state or to their professions and also the annual African American Trailblazers in Virginia project.
Library of Virginia hosts the Virginia Literary Festival. This event attracts authors, publishers, and residents of Virginia. Attendees get the chance to meet new authors as well known authors. The library awards seven different literary awards at their annual event.
Archives Month focuses on institutions and individuals that have made significant impact on the preservation and accessibility of historical records. In conjunction with the Archive Month the Library of Virginia produces posters commemorating archival and special collections repositories throughout the state. Many archives contribute to the celebration by hosting events.
Library of Virginia hosts an ongoing series of Book Talk Series. These book talks feature authors from Virginia and books on the state of Virginia. These are hosted nearly every week and the cover a wide range of topics: from Virginia's role in the founding of the United States to the legacy of the Civil War to the many facets of the civil rights struggle in Virginia. The audience is given the opportunity to listen and interact with a variety of scholars and literary authors.
The Library's Virginia Heritage Resource Center offers a series of lectures by researchers and subject specialists showcasing the contents of the library's collection and its potential as a resource for researchers.
Library of Virginia offers a variety of workshops each year for anyone who works in library services. These workshops and conferences are designed to help hone skills and develop new approaches. These workshops cover topics such as serving special needs patrons, cataloging databases, and reference services.
In 2007 and 2008 work began on the Virginia Memory project, which serves as an extension of the Library of Virginia's online presence. The project launched in 2009 and has four components, the Library's digital collections, online versions of the Library's exhibitions, an online classroom, and a "reading room" that offers a chronology of Virginia events, articles by Library archivists, and "This Day in Virginia History". The Transcribe program is a collaborative workspace for people to help the Library transcribe documents.
In August 2015 the project expanded to include the Document Bank of Virginia, which hosts select documents along with historical context for educational use.
State Librarians of Virginia
During the nineteenth century, Secretaries of the Commonwealth usually oversaw the state library as part of their official duties.
John Pendleton Kennedy, 1903–1907
Henry Read McIlwaine, 1907–1934
Wilmer L. Hall, 1934–1946
Randolph Warner Church, 1947–1972
Donald Rucker Haynes, 1972–1986
Ella Gaines Yates, 1986–1990
John C. Tyson, 1990–1994
Nolan T. Yelitch, 1995–2007
Sandra Gioia Treadway, 2007–present
References
Further reading
Sandra Gioia Treadway and Edward D. C. Campbell Jr., eds. The Common Wealth: Treasures from the Collection of the Library of Virginia. Richmond: The Library of Virginia, 1997. .
Trenton E. Hizer, comp., Guide to the Personal Papers Collection at the Library of Virginia. Richmond: The Library of Virginia, 2008. .
External links
The Library of Virginia (official site)
Find It Virginia (official research tool)
Virginia Memory (digital collections)
The Uncommonwealth: Voices from the Library of Virginia (blog)
Document Bank of Virginia
Multiple Exposure: Catablog of the Prints and Photographs Collection at the Library of Virginia (blog)
Virginia Heritage: Guides to Manuscript and Archival Collections in Virginia
Debra H. Rodman, "Retelling Virginia's Migration History", Southern Spaces, 25 October 2010. A review of an exhibition at the Library of Virginia.
1823 establishments in Virginia
Government agencies established in 1823
Government of Virginia
History of Virginia
Virginia
Mount Hollingsworth () is a mountain south of Priestley Peak, close south of Amundsen Bay in Enderby Land, Antarctica. It was plotted from air photos taken from Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions aircraft in 1956, and was named by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for R.J.T. Hollingsworth, a geophysicist at Mawson Station in 1961.
References
Mountains of Enderby Land
Olasz (; ) is a village and municipality () in Baranya County, Hungary.
Etymology
The name of the village is ultimately a Hungarianised term derived from the German word walha which Hungarians otherwise use as a root for their exonym of Italy (Olaszország).
Geography
Olasz is located in Baranya County, about 20 kilometers southeast of Pécs and about 10 kilometers northwest of Bóly. The municipality lies within the Southern Transdanubia Region of Hungary. It previously was part of the Mohács Subregion but during the creation of districts in 2013, it became part of Bóly District.
Demographics
During the census of 2011, the population was 627. The vast majority of the population claimed Hungarian ethnicity (87.4%), though 29% also claimed German ethnicity and 8.8% claimed Croatian ethnicity, and the municipality has a German and Croatian local minority self-government. Other ethnicities claimed included Roma (1.4%), Serbian (0.5%) and Other (1.3%). 12.4% did not wish to answer. In terms of religious practice, 62.3% reported to be Roman Catholic, 3.5% Calvinist, 11.5% of no religious affiliation and 21.5% did not wish to answer.
Transport
The closest railway station is in Bóly, 10 kilometers to the southeast.
References
External links
Street map
Populated places in Baranya County
Huda al-Naimi () is a medical physicist and writer from Qatar.
Biography
Al-Naimi grew up a small town near Doha and studied Physics at the University of Qatar. They moved to Cairo in 1990 in order to study for a Masters in Nuclear Physics at Ain Shams University. They continued their education and was awarded a doctorate from the University of Cairo in Medical Physics.
Career
In 2000, al-Naimi moved back to Qatar and took up a post as Director of Safety for the Hamad Medical Corporation (HMC). As part of their role at HMC, al-Naimi leads on their MENA-regional training on radiation safety. They have represented Qatar at a number of international meetings and conferences concerning radiation safety, including those led by the International Atomic Energy Agency and the United Nations Environment Programme. In 2013 they were President of the Qatar Medical Physics Society.
Arts and literature
In addition to al-Naimi's studies, during their time studying in Cairo, they began to write creatively and published three books of short stories whilst living there. One of their stories, Layla & Me, is a Qatari telling of the Red Riding Hood story - in it the protagonist is as dark as the wolf. Them collection Abatil is seen as a key text in modern Qatari writing.
After moving back to Qatar, al-Naimi has been active in the cultural sector as a member for the National Council for Culture in Qatar and part of the organisational team for Doha: Arabic Capital of Culture 2010.  They are active in literary circles and in 2011 was guest of honour at the Sudanese Book Fair in Khartoum. In 2012 they were one of the judges for the International Prize for Arabic Fiction, alongside translator Gonzalo Fernández Parilla, originally from Spain, and from Lebanon the critic Maudie Bitar. During this year of the prize, al-Naimi praised the number of women on the judging panel, but was concerned that less than 15% of the entrants were women.
Awards
2015/16 - Recognition & Encouragement Award: Medical & Nursing was jointly awarded to Dr Huda al-Naimi and Dr Asma Ali Jassim al-Thani.
References
Medical physicists
Qatari writers
Living people
Date of birth missing (living people)
Literary critics of Arabic
Year of birth missing (living people)
Qatar University alumni
Robert Seethaler (born 1966) is an Austrian novelist, and actor.
Awards and honours
2005: Tankred-Dorst-Drehbuchpreis der Drehbuchwerkstatt München for Heartbreakin'
2007: Debütpreis des Buddenbrookhauses for Die Biene und der Kurt
2008: Alfred-Döblin-Stipendium / Akademie der Künste Berlin
2008: Kulturpreis des Landes Niederösterreich
2008: My Mother, My Bride and I (dt. Die zweite Frau) at the International Toronto Film festival
2009: Spreewald Literaturstipendium
2009: Grimme-Preis for Die zweite Frau (Best Film)
2009: Nominated for the Europäischen Medienpreis für Integration
2011: Staatsstipendium der österreichischen Bundesregierung
2011: Stipendium des Heinrich-Heine-Hauses der Stadt Lüneburg
2015: Grimmelshausen-Preis for Ein ganzes Leben
2016: Shortlisted for the Man Booker International Prize for A Whole Life
2016: Buchpreis der Wiener Wirtschaft
2017: Anton Wildgans Prize
2017: Shortlisted for International DUBLIN Literary Award for A Whole Life
2018: Rheingau Literatur Preis for Das Feld
Novels translated into English
A Whole Life (tr. Charlotte Collins) – shortlisted for the 2017 Man Booker International Prize, and the 2017 International DUBLIN Literary Award
The Tobacconist (tr. Charlotte Collins)
References
1966 births
Austrian male novelists
Living people
21st-century Austrian novelists
21st-century Austrian male writers
Alain Louvier (born 13 September 1945) is a French composer of contemporary classical music.
Biography
Born in Paris, Louvier studied from 1953 to 1967 at the headed by Marcel Landowski, then from 1967 to 1970 at the Conservatoire de Paris with Henriette Puig-Roget, Olivier Messiaen, Tony Aubin, Robert Veyron-Lacroix, Norbert Dufourcq and Manuel Rosenthal. In 1968, they won the 161st and last annual Prix de Rome for musical composition. They then headed the École Nationale de Musique of Boulogne-Billancourt. From 1986 to 1991, they were the director of the Conservatoire de Paris. From 1991 to 2009, they taught music analysis and orchestration at the CNSMDP (Conservatoire) in Paris. From 2009 until 2013, they were again director of the Boulogne-Billancourt Conservatory
Louvier has composed pieces for piano, harpsichord, chamber music and orchestra.  They are particularly known for their invention of a new piano technique (also used on organ and harpsichord) centered around the "aggressors": the 10 fingers, 2 palms, 2 fists and 2 forearms, treated individually. They forged a precise gestural vocabulary, and an adapted graphic syntax, involving these different elements.
Works
Études pour agresseurs I (1964), II (1967) for piano
Études pour agresseurs III (1969) for modern harpsichord
Études pour agresseurs IV (1967–1972) for two pianos
Études pour agresseurs V (1972) for harpsichord, loudspeaker and strings
Quintette de cuivres (Brass Quintet)
Sonata (1966) for two pianos
Chant des limbes (1969) for orchestra
Quatre Préludes pour cordes 1970 for one or several pianos
Chimère (1973) for harp, premiered in 1975
Sempre più alto (1981) for viola and piano
Concerto pour orchestres (1982) for orchestra and computer synthesized soundtrack
Envols d'écailles (1986) for flute, viola and harp
Concerto (1996) for viola and orchestra
Solstices, 5 short pieces for high voices and piano, composed in 2004 and premiered on May 20, 2008
References
Sources
Further reading
"Entretien avec Alain Louvier", in Remy Campos, Le Conservatoire de Paris et son histoire, une institution en questions, Paris, L'Œil d'or, 2016,
External links
Scores , BabelScores
"Alain Louvier", Encyclopedia Universalis
"70 bougies pour Alain Louvier", ResMusica
"Louvier Alain (1945)", Centre de documentation de la musique contemporaine (Cdmc)
, Alain Louvier: Études pour agresseurs, book 1, étude 4
1945 births
Living people
Musicians from Paris
French classical composers
French male classical composers
20th-century French composers
21st-century French musicians
Prix de Rome for composition
Conservatoire de Paris alumni
Conservatoire de Paris faculty
Directors of the Conservatoire de Paris
20th-century French male musicians
21st-century French male musicians
Cegielnia is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Lubelski, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.
The village has a population of 5.
References
Villages in Janów Lubelski County
The uncertainty parameter U is introduced by the Minor Planet Center (MPC) to quantify the uncertainty of a perturbed orbital solution for a minor planet. The parameter is a logarithmic scale from 0 to 9 that measures the anticipated longitudinal uncertainty in the minor planet's mean anomaly after 10 years. The larger the number, the larger the uncertainty. The uncertainty parameter is also known as condition code in JPL's Small-Body Database Browser. The U value should not be used as a predictor for the uncertainty in the future motion of near-Earth objects.
Orbital uncertainty
Orbital uncertainty is related to several parameters used in the orbit determination process including the number of observations (measurements), the time spanned by those observations (observation arc), the quality of the observations (e.g. radar vs. optical), and the geometry of the observations. Of these parameters, the time spanned by the observations generally has the greatest effect on the orbital uncertainty.
Occasionally, the Minor Planet Center substitutes a letter-code (‘D', ‘E', ‘F') for the uncertainty parameter.
{|
|- style="vertical-align: top;"
! D
| Objects with a ‘D' have only been observed for a single opposition, and have been assigned two (or more) different designations ("double").
|- style="vertical-align: top;"
! E
| Objects such as with a condition code ‘E' in the place of a numeric uncertainty parameter denotes orbits for which the listed eccentricity was assumed, rather than determined. Objects with assumed eccentricities are generally considered lost if they have not recently been observed because their orbits are not well constrained.
|- style="vertical-align: top;"
! F
|Objects with an ‘F' fall in both categories ‘D' and ‘E'.
|}
Calculation
The U parameter is calculated in two steps. First the in-orbit longitude runoff in seconds of arc per decade is calculated, (i.e. the discrepancy between the observed and calculated position extrapolated over ten years):
with
{|
|-
| || uncertainty in the perihelion time in days
|-
| || eccentricity of the determined orbit
|-
| || orbital period in years
|-
| || uncertainty in the orbital period in days
|-
| || , Gaussian gravitational constant, converted to degrees
|}
Then, the obtained in-orbit longitude runoff is converted to the "uncertainty parameter" , which is an integer between 0 and 9. The calculated number can be less than 0 or more than 9, but in those cases either 0 or 9 is used instead. The formula for cutting off the calculated value of is
For instance: As of 10 September 2016, Ceres technically has an uncertainty of around −2.6, but is instead displayed as the minimal 0.
The result is the same regardless of the choice of base for the logarithm, so long as the same logarithm is used throughout the formula; e.g. for "" = , , , or the calculated value of remains the same if the logarithm is the same in both places in the formula.
648 000 is the number of arc seconds in a half circle, so a value greater than 9 would mean that we would have basically no idea where the object will be in 10 years.
References
Orbits
Measurement
Saliha Sera Kadıgil Sütlü (born 29 November 1984) is a Turkish politician and lawyer. They have served as a member of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey in its 27th legislative term since 2018. Initially a member of CHP, they later resigned and joined the Workers' Party of Turkey in 2021.
Early life and education
After graduating from Vefa High School in 2003, they graduated from Istanbul University Faculty of Law in 2007. They completed their master's degree in private law at the same university in 2010 and wrote their master's thesis on cinema works after their research at Queen Mary University of London.  They are pursuing a doctorate at Istanbul University.
Career
Kadıgil Sütlü, who has been a member of the Istanbul Bar Association Animal Rights Commission Executive Board since 2008, has worked as a manager in many non-governmental organizations related to animal rights. They were a member of the CHP Women's Branch Central Board of Directors and served as a party council member for 3 terms.  They are a member of the TBMM Equal Opportunities Committee for Women and Men. They resigned from CHP on Friday, 25 June 2021, and joined the Workers' Party of Turkey (TİP). They staged a protest against Fuat Oktay during a parliamentary budget hearing in 2021, where they played two songs, "Yalan" (Lie) and "Palavra palavra", through a loudspeaker. They received an official reprimand for the protest.
References
External links
Saliha Sera KADIGİL SÜTLÜ, Türkiye Büyük Millet Meclisi
SALİHA SERA KADIGİL SÜTLÜ, CHP İstanbul İl Başkanlığı (Provincial Presidency of the CHP in Istanbul)
Contemporary Republican People's Party (Turkey) politicians
Members of the 27th Parliament of Turkey
21st-century Turkish women politicians
Istanbul University Faculty of Law alumni
Turkish jurists
1984 births
Politicians from Istanbul
Living people
The 1934–35 Hovedserien season was the first season of ice hockey in Norway. Seven teams participated in the league, and Ski- og Fotballklubben Trygg won the championship.
Regular season
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1934–35 in Norwegian ice hockey
James H. Speer (born 1971) is a professor of geography and geology at Indiana State University.  They are a past president of the Tree-Ring Society and the Geography Educator's Network of Indiana. They have been the organizer for the North American Dendroecological Fieldweek (NADEF) since 2003.
Education
Speer received their bachelor's and master's degree in geosciences from the University of Arizona and their PhD from the University of Tennessee in geography.
Recognition
They received the Henry Cowles award from the American Association of Geographers (with Thomas W. Swetnam) for their paper on Pandora moth outbreaks in 2002. In 2008, they received the Richard L. Holmes Outstanding Service to Dendrochronology award from the Tree-Ring Society. They received the William E. Bennett Award for Extraordinary Contributions to Citizen Science from the National Center for Science and Civic Engagement in 2011. They received the Henry Cowles award from the American Association of Geographers a second time for their book Fundamentals of Tree-Ring Research published with the University of Arizona Press. They received the Dreiser Distinguished Research/Creativity Award at Indiana State University in 2017.
Research
They have authored and co-authored more than 40 scientific papers. Their most cited papers are:
References
James H. Speer faculty profile
James H. Speer homepage
Google Scholar Profile
Researchgate Profile
Academia.edu Profile
Tree-Ring Society
Fundamentals of Tree-Ring Research
National Center for Science and Civic Engagement
North American Dendroecological Fieldweek (NADEF)
Speer et al. 2004
Speer et al. 2009
Clark et al. 2017
Living people
University of Tennessee alumni
University of Arizona alumni
Indiana State University faculty
1971 births
Nilesh Narayan Rane was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India. They represented Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg constituency of Maharashtra and was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC) political party. As of 2019 they are a member of Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP). As part of the 15th Lok Sabha, Rane served on the Committee on Home Affairs and the Rules Committee.
Rane was elected to the 15th Lok Sabha at the age of 28.
Rane lost their Lok Sabha seat in the 2014 election to Sena's candidate Vinayak Raut.
Family
Nilesh is son of union cabinet minister Narayan Rane.
Arrests
In 2013, Rane was arrested for vandalising a toll booth in Goa.
In 2016, Rane was arrested for abduction of Congress Taluka president from Chiplun who alleged that they were kidnapped, assaulted and confined inside a locked room by Rane and their party men for missing the Maratha meet.
References
1981 births
Living people
India MPs 2009–2014
Indian National Congress politicians
Marathi politicians
Maharashtra politicians
Lok Sabha members from Maharashtra
People from Sindhudurg district
Limmud South Africa is the South African chapter of Limmud UK. Its mission is "to allow each Jew to take one step further on their Jewish journey" and holds annual conferences in Cape Town, Johannesburg and Durban. It aims to be a diverse and inclusive forum where delegates can experience the full gamut of Jewish opinion and belief and often includes sessions on philosophy, religion, history, culture, politics, dance, music, and literature.
Origins
Limmud South Africa was the brainchild of Vivienne Anstey and David Bilchitz.
The Orthodox Rabbinate's response to Limmud SA
The Orthodox rabbis in South Africa do not participate in Limmud's conferences, unlike the UK's Orthodox Rabbinate of whom some members have taken part in Limmud UK. No official statement has been issued.
Conferences
The annual Limmud SA conferences are held in August/September each year. International guests are invited, and many local academics and lay community members participate.
2011 Conference
International guests included Michelle Citrin, David Newman, Micha Odenheimer, Barbara Spectre, Kay Andrews, Gerald Steinberg, Rabbi Natan Lopes Cardozo, Eva Hoffman, Gideon Kunda, Rabbi Simon Jacobson, Deborah Weissman, Philip Spectre and Yariv Oppenheimer.
The Johannesburg conference changed its format to a residential conference (like Cape Town) and was held at the Southern Sun Riverside Lifestyle Resort. Cape Town's conference was at Protea Techno Park, Stellenbosch, and Durban's was at the Durban Jewish Centre.
2010 Conference
International guests included Noam Sachs Zion, Rabbi Gideon Sylvester, David Shneer, Morey Schwartz, DJ Schneeweiss, Inon Schenker, Benjamin Pogrund, Elad Orian, Sarit Michaeli, Ruth Messinger, David Levin-Kruss, Amy Jill Levin, Gilad Kariv, Jessica Jacoby, Jay Geller, Libby Lenkinski Friedlander, Richard Freund, Jonathan Fine, and Gregg Drinkwater.
The Cape Town venue was Protea Techno Park, Stellenbosch, in Johannesburg, Varsity College Sandton, and in Durban, the Durban Jewish Centre.
2009 Conference
International guests included biblical scholar Avivah Zornberg, Lieutenant Colonel David Benjamin, Anat Hoffman, Nobel prize winner Professor Yisrael Aumann, Shlomy Zachary, Mark Weitzman, Joel Stern and others. 450 delegates attended the Cape Town conference (at Gudini Spa), over 800 in Johannesburg (Wits Medical School) and 200 in Durban (Durban Jewish Centre)
Just before the Cape Town conference, respected human rights activist Zackie Achmat called for Limmud to withdraw their invitation to Lt Cnl David Benjamin, accusing them of orchestrating war crimes in Israel's war on Gaza in early 2009 during Operation Cast Lead. Limmud rejected the calls, and David Benjamin did indeed participate in all three of Limmud's conferences. Several protests ensued, and ultimately an independent review by Advocate Geoff Budlender was commissioned. They found that although there had not been a policy of "racial profiling" there were instances of differential treatment based on race.
2008 Conference
International guests included Devorah Baum, Rabbi Yehoshua Engelman, Gershom Gorenberg, Simon Gurevichius, Avraham Infeld, Bente Kahan, Maureen Kendler, Taylor Krauss, Karyn Moshal, Amir Tausinger, and Limor Yehuda.
1200 delegates attended conferences in Cape Town (over 300), Johannesburg (700) and Durban.
2007 Conference
International guests included Nathan Aviezer, Mikhael Manekin, Benjamin Pogrund, Bassem Eid and Gila Sacks.
References
External links
www.limmud.org.za
www.limmudinternational.org
Jewish educational organizations
Jewish charities
Jews and Judaism in South Africa
Charities based in South Africa
Rogalin is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horodło, within Hrubieszów County, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.
References
Rogalin
The Java Platform Debugger Architecture (JPDA) is a collection of APIs to debug Java code.
Java Debugger Interface (JDI) – defines a high-level Java language interface that developers can easily use to write remote debugger application tools.
Java Virtual Machine Tools Interface (JVMTI) – a native interface that helps to inspect the state and to control the execution of applications running in the Java Virtual Machine (JVM).
Java Virtual Machine Debug Interface (JVMDI) – JVMDI was deprecated in J2SE 5.0 in favor of JVM TI, and was removed in Java SE 6.
Java Debug Wire Protocol (JDWP) – defines communication between debuggee (a Java application) and debugger processes.
Java Debugger Interface (JDI)
JDI is the highest-layer of the Java Platform Debugger Architecture. It allows accessing the JVM and the internal variables of the debugged program. It also allows setting breakpoints, stepping, and handle threads.
See also
Eclipse, an open-source IDE integrated with JPDA support
IntelliJ IDEA, a commercial open-source Java IDE with integrated JPDA support
JSwat, an open-source Java debugger using the JPDA
NetBeans, an open-source IDE using the JPDA
References
External links
Java Platform Debugger Architecture for Java SE 7
Java Platform Debugger Architecture for Java SE 8
Debuggers
Java platform
A by-election was held for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly electorate of Braidwood on 17 October 1870 because the elections and qualifications committee declared the election of Michael Kelly to be void.
Dates
Results
The December 1869 Braidwood election was declared to be void.
See also
Electoral results for the district of Braidwood
List of New South Wales state by-elections
References
1870 elections in Australia
New South Wales state by-elections
1870s in New South Wales
The Civil Rights Attorney's Fees Award Act of 1976 is a law of the United States codified in 42 U.S.C. § 1988(b). It is often referred to as "Section 1988." It allows a Federal court to award reasonable attorney's fees to a prevailing party in certain civil rights cases. The Act was designed to create an enforcement mechanism for the nation's civil rights laws without creating an enforcement bureaucracy, because the prospect of being awarded attorneys' fees is thought to incentivize attorneys to bring civil rights cases on behalf of plaintiffs.
Text
The text of 42 U.S.C. § 1988(b) are as follows:"(b) Attorney's fees
In any action or proceeding to enforce a provision of sections 1981, 1981a, 1982, 1983, 1985, and 1986 of this title, title IX of Public Law 92–318, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993, the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000, title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, or section 12361 of title 34, the court, in its discretion, may allow the prevailing party, other than the United States, a reasonable attorney's fee as part of the costs, except that in any action brought against a judicial officer for an act or omission taken in such officer's judicial capacity such officer shall not be held liable for any costs, including attorney's fees, unless such action was clearly in excess of such officer's jurisdiction."
History
Congress enacted the Civil Rights Attorney's Fees Awards Act of 1976 in response to the Supreme Court decision in Alyeska Pipeline Service Co. v. Wilderness Society, 421 U.S. 240 (1975). There, the Court reaffirmed the “American Rule” that each party to a lawsuit should ordinarily bear its own attorney's fees.
Congress decided to enact this Act to guarantee the availability of attorney's fees awards by statute because the cost of litigating a constitutional claim may be prohibitive for plaintiffs, especially since those who are most likely to bring suit for a constitutional violation are individuals or groups of individuals with more modest means. Even prior to enactment of the Act, courts have recognized the need to award attorney's fees where plaintiffs perform the services of a “private attorney general” by bringing cases the resolution of which might impact more than just the individual plaintiff.
Scope of statute
Two elements of the statute have been subject to the interpretation of the Supreme Court: who qualifies as a “prevailing party,” and how courts should calculate “reasonable attorney's fees.”
"Prevailing Party"
The Supreme Court has interpreted Section 1988(b) to apply in different ways to prevailing plaintiffs and prevailing defendants. Prevailing plaintiffs ordinarily should receive an attorney's fee award unless the award would be unjust. On the other hand, a prevailing defendant is only awarded fees if the litigation is unreasonable, frivolous, or meritless.
The Supreme Court has also clarified in Buckhannon Board and Care Home v. West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources that to prevail means to obtain a judicial decree on the merits of the case. This means that in order to be eligible for attorney's fees, there must be a court-ordered change in the legal case, or something in the court records that determines a winner.
"Reasonable Attorney's Fees"
While the law itself does not explain what is a reasonable fee, both the House and Senate Reports accompanying the Act expressly endorse the analysis set forth in the case Johnson Highway Express, Inc.
Johnson Highway Express, Inc. identifies 12 factors to be considered in calculating a reasonable attorney's fee:
the time and labor required;
the novelty and difficulty of the question
the skill required to perform the legal services properly;
the preclusion of other employment by the attorney due to acceptance of the case;
the customary fee;
whether the fee is fixed or contingent;
time limitations imposed by the client or the circumstances;
the amount involved and the results obtained;
the experience, reputation, and ability of the attorney;
the "undesirability" of the case;
the nature and length of the professional relationship with the client; and
awards in similar cases.
Hensley v. Eckerhart, 461 U.S. 424 (1983) announced certain guidelines for calculating a reasonable attorney's fee under 1988(b), which involved at the basic level the number of hours reasonably expended on the case multiplied by a reasonable hourly rate. In addition, “the fee award should not be reduced simply because the plaintiff failed to prevail on every contention raised in the lawsuit.”
City of Riverside v. Rivera, 477 US 561 (1986) affirmed that the amount of damages a plaintiff recovers is certainly relevant to the amount of attorney's fees to be awarded under 1988. It is, however, only one of many factors that a court should consider in calculating an award of attorney's fees. The court rejected the proposition that fee awards under 1988(b) should necessarily be proportionate the amount of damages a civil rights plaintiff actually recovers.
The Senate explicitly considered the possibility of a case where there are little or no damages and said that the attorney's fees awarded should “not be reduced because the rights involved may be nonpecuniary in nature.”
Amendments and legislative challenges
The House of Representatives passed a bill entitled the " Veterans' Memorials, Boy Scouts, Public Seals, and Other Public Expressions of Religion Protection Act of 2006" on September 26, 2006. The corresponding Senate Bill was introduced on July 20, 2006 but did not pass. Were this bill to become law, it would amend Section 1988 to disallow the awarding of attorneys' fees to prevailing parties in Establishment Clause cases, “including violations relating to: (1) religious words or imagery in veterans' memorials, public buildings, or official seals of states or their subdivisions; and (2) the chartering of Boy Scout units by states or their subdivisions and the Boy Scouts' using public buildings.”
42 U.S.C. § 1988(b) has been amended a number of times. The latest amendment passed as Public Law 106-274 on September 22, 2000, and in relevant part added the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000 as an applicable statute under which the attorney's fees provision applies.
References
1976 in law
United States federal civil rights legislation
Craig Boller (born January 29, 1948) is a former American football player and coach. They served as the head football coach at William Penn University in Oskaloosa, Iowa in 1976, compiling a record of 8–2. Boller was the defensive line coach for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL) from 1996 to 1997.
Head coaching record
College
References
1948 births
Living people
Dallas Cowboys coaches
Iowa State Cyclones football coaches
Iowa State Cyclones football players
Memphis Tigers football coaches
Oregon State Beavers football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football coaches
William Penn Statesmen football coaches
People from Wright County, Iowa
Players of American football from Iowa
Bernard Walter Evans (26 December 1843 – 26 February 1922) was a British landscape painter and watercolourist in the Romantic style, working mainly in Birmingham, Wales, London, Cannes and the North Riding of Yorkshire. Because they used a "heavy, cumbrous" horse-drawn van to reach remote sites in Yorkshire, their nickname there was Van Evans, and they were recognisable with their wideawake hat, pipe and neckerchief. They were known for their arduous days of painting in the hard Yorkshire winters, with frozen water pots, little food, and only a paraffin stove to warm theirs hands.
Evans was the son of an engraver, and four of their siblings were artists. They began their apprenticeship at seven years old with Samuel Lines. They studied under George Wallis at the Birmingham School of Art and then with Edward Watson at the School of Landscape Art. They married Mary Ann Eliza Hollyer, sister of Frederick Hollyer, and one of their cousins was George Eliot. Evans was elected a member of the Royal Society of British Artists and the Savage Club, and they were for many years a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours.
Background
Bernard Walter Evans was born in Queen Street, Wolverhampton, Staffordshire England, on 26 December 1843. They were the second son of Walter Swift Evans (Birmingham c.1819 – 1886), who was an engraver on gold and silver, a copper plate engraver, and a church furniture-maker. Their mother was Sophia née Spilsbury (b. Wolverhampton c.1819). Evans' parents married in 1841 and had thirteen children, of whom five were artists. The artist siblings included: Edmund William Evans (1848–1908), Francis Michael Evans (1858–1937), Helen Mary Evans (1859–1947) and Wilfred Godric Evans (1860–1912). George Eliot was their cousin.
At St Luke's Church, Kentish Town, on 2 August 1870 Evans married Mary Ann Eliza Hollyer (Bloomsbury c.1832 – Knaresborough 1902), the daughter of an engraver and sister of Frederick Hollyer, and they lived in London, and at 20 Park Parade,Harrogate, to which they moved in the 1890s, and Evans stayed in Harrogate until around 1911. At St Catherine's Catholic Church, Frome, on 29 October 1904, Evans remarried to Mary Agnes Howard, daughter of Joseph Howard of Frome. Evans died at the home of their niece, in Bedford Park, London, on 26 February 1922, and was buried at Harlow Hill Cemetery, Harrogate, North Riding of Yorkshire, on 2 March 1922, alongside their wife Mary Ann Eliza.
Training and career
Evans started studying art under Samuel Lines in Birmingham when they were seven years old, and there they "made copies of landscapes and ruins from the drawings of that artist". They then studied under George Wallis at Birmingham School of Art, and from the age of nineteen in 1863 they studied under Edward Watson (died c.1920) at their School of Landscape Art. There they won several prizes of three guineas each (), which were spent on sketching tours in the Mawddach Estuary near Barmouth, North Wales. Their father also supported their sketching tours financially. At that point in their life, Evans was receiving commendations from Edward Watson and Frederick Henry Henshaw for their work.
Evans was a landscape painter, watercolourist, and draughtsman, who "was associated with Pugin in the revival of medieval architecture", through their father Walter Swift Evans. W.S. Evans assisted Pugin in carrying out designs within the Houses of Parliament. In 1864 when B.W. Evans was 21 years old, they moved to London and "made a name for themselves as a landscape artist", although they worked in the Birmingham area for much of their life. Many of Evans' landscapes were painted in Yorkshire, North Wales and the Midlands, although they and their wife spent several 1890s winters on the French Riviera where Evans painted landscapes near Cannes.
In 1880 Evans was elected to membership of the Royal Society of British Artists. They were a "driving force behind the creation" of the City of London Society of Artists in 1880, and they were elected a member of the Savage Club in 1881. They attended the first annual dinner of the Guild of Arts and Letters in London in March 1886. From 1887 until their death they were a member of the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours.
Yorkshire connection
On 28 February 1922, the Aberdeen Press and Journal published an obituary, which included the following reminiscence from around 1890:
Mr Evans' association with Yorkshire is of particular interest to residents in the county. They sought inspiration for many of their pictures among the beautiful surroundings of Wharfedale, travelling up and down the district in a heavy, cumbrous, four-wheeled van. That was thirty or more years ago. Their picturesque figure became well known to visitors and to residents in remote, isolated spots, who bestowed on them the friendly nick-name of Van Evans. They made their headquarters in Harrogate, but was not often to be found there. For most months of the year they were in Wharfedale, where they lived a life that was almost ascetic in its simplicity. It often happened that the nearest farmstead at which they could find a lodging for the night was five or six miles from the spot at which they were working, but they were indefatigable as a pedestrian, and could be seen tramping along, pipe in mouth, to their labours, heavily booted, carelessly attired, in kneaded wideawake and unstarched linen, with a fluttering neckerchief loosely knotted about a collarless throat. The morning walk, the day's work, and the evening tramp home were one prolonged calm enthusiasm with him. Any humble little homestead which lay near a scene of beauty was good enough to find them a resting place, and their sole provision for a day's work – which, including the outward and homeward tramp, might extend over ten or twelve hours – was a bottle of new milk and a hard-boiled egg. Even their winter pictures were painted in the open, and their Bolton Abbey in the Snow was executed under something like Arctic conditions of climate. The wife of the gardener with whom they lodged at the time trudged through the deep snow every few hours with a jorum of hot coffee or hot soup. Luckily the artist and their van were for once within an easy distance of the commissariat; but even under these conditions the numbed hand stopped often, and for a tiny portable paraffin stove the work would have been impossible. Morning after morning the water-pots were frozen when the artist reached their al fresco studio.
Works
Exhibitions
Evans exhibited works with the Birmingham Society of Artists in 1864, when they were around 21 years old. When they arrived in London they found one of their watercolours on exhibition at South Kensington Museum. They exhibited at the Royal Academy summer exhibition thirteen times, never having a picture rejected, between 1871 and 1886. For the Exposition Universelle (1900) and the St Louis Exhibition 1903–1904, Evans was elected to represent English art. They also exhibited at the Royal Cambrian Academy of Art where they were one of the first 31 founder members, besides the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, and the Royal Society of British Artists, Suffolk Street, London, where they exhibited 68 times.
When in Cannes, Evans gave private views of their works. They also used their Harrogate studio to exhibit their recent works; it was open to the public when they were at home. In July 1898, two large paintings in their studio were named in the Pateley Bridge and Nidderdale Herald as: Cannes From Le Grand Pin and Gorge of the Saut de Loup. Also in the studio were: On the Road to the Observatoire, Cannes, Knaresborough From the Castle Yard, The River Nidd Below Chappie Dam, Grasse From Above the Grand Hotel, The Valley of Desolation, Wharfedale, Fountains Abbey and other scenes and sketches.
Collections
At the time of Evans' death they had works in a number of permanent collections.
Leeds Art Gallery,
Birmingham Art Gallery. Evans' landscape The Valley of the Trent was still hanging in Birmingham Art Gallery in 1932.
Rotherham Art Gallery.
Bradford Art Gallery.
Sydney and Melbourne art galleries in Australia.
Victoria and Albert Museum: Cannes from Le Pezou, a sketch from nature (1896).
British Museum (South Kensington): Bolton Abbey, print, (1887).
Mercer Art Gallery, Harrogate: Driving Home the Flock (undated) and Knaresborough (undated).
Lytham St Anne's Art Collection: Bolton Abbey from the Soay (undated).
Royal Collection Trust: Whitby Abbey. (c.1887).
Reviews
The following reviews give an idea of how Evans was seen during their own era.
In Evans' studio in Cannes in 1896, the Cannes Gazette, copied in the Knaresborough Post, noted the following. "Mr Evans gives us this year a more important collection of their works than they have yet exhibited at Cannes". The Gorges of the Loup was painted with "great strength and fidelity". Saint-Césaire was "another important work". Antibes was "most vividly depicted", and The Port of Cannes was a "very remarkable work".
For some days in 1898, Evans' Harrogate studio was open to the public. The Newcastle Daily Leader, copied in the Pateley Bridge & Nidderdale Herald, published a description of some of the paintings shown. The newspaper described Cannes From Le Grand Pin as "notable ... refined ... full of light and sunshine." Gorge of the Saut de Loup was "an impressive rendering." On the Road to the Observatoire, Cannes was a "charming picture". Knaresborough from the Castle Yard was "treated with the masterly feeling of a great landscapist ... features are represented here with a truth and beauty that only Bernard Evans can compose".
"La Tourette forms a picturesque composition of mountain stream and arched bridge, beyond which rises a rocky eminence where the tall houses of a little town thickly congregate. Away in the distance can be seen the blue Mediterranean. Blue that sea may often be, and in La Napoule and other works Mr. Evans so pictures it, but in one of their drawings they have assigned to its waters a tone of delicate silvery grey, which merges into a broad track of brilliant white light, radiant with sunshine. The town of Cannes they have viewed from the different points, the range of the Esterelles often acting as a valuable accessory. They exhibit also several studies of English landscape, including a drawing of the pine-clad hills and the plains leading to the sea in the neighbourhood of Bournemouth. The remainder treat of Yorkshire in a manner suited to adequate exposition of the grandeur of the scenery. Knaresboro' has yielded three subjects. Fountains Abbey is depicted in the quietude of evening, and Barden Fell at a time when dusk will shortly deepen into night. Forcibly handled as all of them are, they must cede the palm to Wharfedale, for Mr. Evans excels in the representation of woodland, and here they had the opportunity of proving their skill."(Review of an exhibition of Evans' works in South Kensington, in the Knaresborough Post, 7 May 1904)
"Among [the exhibits at the Royal Institute of Painters in Water Colours, 1898], one of the most noticeable is the contribution of Mr. Bernard Evans, R.I., which is a further proof of the strength of the position which this artist holds in the splendid line of the great masters of water-colour art. Mr. Evans's picture, which is as strong in effect as it could have been had it been painted in another medium, gives us a glimpse of Lake Windermere, behind wooded hills, and with a wonderful background of mountains. It is a fine, and indeed, noble expression of what John Ruskin calls mountain gloom ... none of so much importance as this powerfully impressive work by Mr. Evans ..." (Hendon & Finchley Times 6 June 1913)
"The art of Bernard Evans had a peculiar distinction. It might be styled and mannered, but it was in a fine manner, recalling the classicism of such water-colour artists as Barrett and Danby, and through them reaching back to Richard Wilson and still further, to Claude. Bernard Evans always seemed most at home in such subjects as were afforded by the Italian Riviera, with its great stretches of blue sea and its serried ranks of olive trees, giving a sort of stately formality to the scene. One can imagine them following in the steps of the great artists who delighted in the somewhat theatrical grandeur of Frascati, in the broad expanses of the Roman Campagna. They did some work in the Yorkshire Dales, but it was not among their happiest; one felt that their art was too aristocratic to unbend to the homeliness of an English landscape, and one could never imagine them at their ease in the simple pastoral landscapes of Constable's Country. As one who had associations with the West Riding, it is satisfactory to know that among the recent acquisitions of the Leeds Gallery is a fine example of their work, one of the highly elaborated, finely wrought landscapes that were characteristic of him, a worthy memorial of a distinguished artist." (Yorkshire Post and Leeds Intelligencer, 28 February 1933)
"Mr. Bernard Evans ... had little enough affinity with the newer schools of painting ... one must go back to 1870 to find them first exhibiting ... More than any other man of their time they formed a definite link with the great English painters of the water-colour school. They went straight to nature for inspiration and represented them in strong colour and with boldness of effect. Much of what they painted will survive."(Westminster Gazette 28 February 1922)
"His pleasant pictures were panoramic rather than intimate, clear-eyed, unvexed by thought – hence their temporary popularity." (Acton Gazette, 3 March 1922)
Notes
References
External links
1843 births
1922 deaths
19th-century British artists
20th-century British artists
People from Birmingham, West Midlands
People from Wolverhampton
People from Harrogate
Culture in Yorkshire
History of Yorkshire
English landscape artists
English watercolourists
The Battle of Agnadello, also known as Vailà, was one of the most significant battles of the War of the League of Cambrai and one of the major battles of the Italian Wars.
Background
On 15 April 1509, a French army under the command of Louis XII left Milan and invaded Venetian territory. To oppose its advance, Venice had massed a mercenary army near Bergamo, jointly commanded by the Orsini cousins, Bartolomeo d'Alviano and Niccolò di Pitigliano. The Orsini had orders to avoid a direct confrontation with the advancing French, and spent the next several weeks engaged in light skirmishing.
By 9 May, however, Louis had crossed the Adda River at Cassano d'Adda. Alviano and Pitigliano, encamped around the town of Treviglio, disagreed on how to deal with Louis, since Alviano wanted to attack the French in defiance of their orders; they finally decided to move south towards the Po River in search of better positions.
Battle
On 14 May, as the Venetian army moved south, Alviano's rearguard, commanded by Piero del Monte and Saccoccio da Spoleto, was attacked by a French detachment under Gian Giacomo Trivulzio, who had massed their troops around the village of Agnadello. Alviano, who was at Pandino, hurried back to position their forces, numbering around eight thousand, on a ridge overlooking some vineyards. Charles II attempted to attack, first with cavalry and then with Swiss pikemen, but the French, forced to march up a hillside crossed with irrigation ditches, which were soon filled with mud from the pouring rain, were unable to breach the Venetian lines.
Pitigliano had been moving ahead of Alviano, and was several miles away when the French began their attack. In reply to Alviano's request for help, they sent a note suggesting that a pitched battle should be avoided, and continued their march south.
Meanwhile, Louis, with the remainder of the French army, had reached Agnadello. The French surrounded Alviano on three sides and proceeded to destroy their forces over the next three hours. The Venetian cavalry charged the center of the French Army to relieve the pressure on the infantry. Despite being initially successful, the Venetian cavalry was soon outnumbered and surrounded; when Alviano themselves was wounded and captured the formation collapsed and the surviving knights fled from the battlefield. Of Alviano's command, more than four thousand were killed, including their commanders Spoleto and del Monte, and 30 pieces of artillery were captured.
Although Pitigliano had avoided engaging the French directly, news of the battle reached them by that evening, and the majority of their forces had deserted by morning. Faced with the continued advance of the French army, they hurriedly retreated towards Treviso and Venice. Louis then proceeded to occupy the remainder of Lombardy.
The battle is mentioned in Machiavelli's The Prince, noting that in one day, the Venetians "lost what it had taken them eight hundred years' exertion to conquer."
Aftermath
The economic historian, Niall Ferguson suggests that the collapse in Venetian monte nuovo bonds from 102 percent of their face value to 40 percent was a direct consequence of the Venetians' defeat at Agnadello.
Notes
References
Machiavelli, Niccolò (1514) The Prince Translated by Rufus Goodwin, 2003, Boston: Dante University Press. .
A Global Chronology of Conflict: From the Ancient World to the Modern Middle East, Vol. II, ed. Spencer C. Tucker, ABC-CLIO, 2010.
External links
The Battle of Agnadello
1509 in Italy
Agnadello 1509
Agnadello 1509
Agnadello 1509
Agnadello 1509
Agnadello
France–Republic of Venice relations
Se7en or SE7EN may refer to:
Seven (1995 film), stylized as Se7en, 1995 American thriller film
Seven (comic book), stylized as SE7EN, 2008 comic book based on the film
Se7en (born 1986), stage name of singer Sevyn Streeter while in the band RichGirl
Seven (South Korean singer), stylized as Se7en (born 1984)
David Gallegos, rapper and screamer of the crunk group Brokencyde
Damien Broman Se7en, one of the stage names used by rapper Silver Bullet
Headshots: SE7EN, a 2005 remaster compilation album by the band Atmosphere
See also
7 (disambiguation), also includes Seven
The Ministry of Justice of Palestine was established in 1994 after the partial lifting of the Israeli occupation in certain areas and the arrival of the Palestinian National Authority. The ministry aims to meet societal needs by establishing the rules of justice, equality and order.
List of ministers
Freih Abu Madin (1994–2002)
Ibrahim Al-Daghmeh (2002)
Zuhair Sourani (2002–2003)
Abdul Karim Abu Salah (2003)
Jawad Al-Tibi (2003)
Nahed Al Rayes (2003–2005)
Farid Al-Galad (2005–2006)
Ahmed Khalidi (2006–2007)
Ali Sartawi (2007)
Youssef Al-Mansi (2007–2008)
Ahmed Shweidh (2008)
Mohamed Farag Al Ghoul (2008–2012)
Mazen Haniyeh (2012–2013)
Attallah Abu Sobh (2013-present)
See also
Justice ministry
Politics of Palestine National Authority
References
Justice ministries
Politics of the Palestinian National Authority
Haploniscidae is a family of isopods belonging to the order Isopoda.
Genera:
Abyssoniscus Birstein, 1971
Antennuloniscus Menzies, 1962
Aspidoniscus Menzies & Schultz, 1968
Chandraniscus George, 2004
Chauliodoniscus Lincoln, 1985
Haploniscus Richardson, 1908
Hydroniscus Hansen, 1916
Mastigoniscus Lincoln, 1985
References
Isopoda
Two Catalonias (Dos Cataluñas or Dos Catalunyas) is a 2018 documentary film directed by Álvaro Longoria and Gerardo Olivares, about the ideological differences surrounding the 2017 Catalan regional election in Spain. The film was released by Netflix on September 28, 2018.
Premise
The documentary follows the ideological differences surrounding the 2017 Catalan regional election in Spain through interviews and behind-the-door conversations. It covers the societal dynamics in the country resulting in a push for sovereignty with parliamentary declaration of independence, and aftermath following it.
Reception
The film was awarded the 2019 Cinema for Peace Award for Justice, however Longoria has stated that the award was returned after the ceremony due to what they felt was the politicisation of the ceremony by Catalonian ex-president Carles Puigdemont.
The LA Review of Books review suggested that Two Catalonias "seems to trade a thorough engagement with historical specificity for international appeal", and the headline in El Diario that it was a film for tourists.
Deciders US reviewer, found it "a vital and necessary document about current events that should be seen by anyone who feels so inclined", despite finding it disorientating due to its fragmentary coverage of the Catalan independence movement. Ready Steady Cut, which awarded it 3/5 stars, also found it "occasionally confounding".
References
External links
2018 documentary films
2018 films
2010s Spanish-language films
Netflix original documentary films
Tamblyn is a surname that originates in Wales.
Notable people with the surname include:
Amber Tamblyn (born 1983), American actor and poet
Christine Tamblyn, American artist
Doni Tamblyn, American author and comedian
Eddie Tamblyn (1908–1957), American actor
Geoff Tamblyn (born 1949), Australian cricketer
Gordon Tamblyn, founder of the Tamblyn Drugs chain in Canada
Harold Tamblyn-Watts (1900–1999), British artist
Ian Tamblyn (born 1947), Canadian folk music singer-songwriter
Russ Tamblyn (born 1934), American actor
Jinyue Road () is a station that is part of Line 14 of the Shanghai Metro. Located at the intersection of Jinyue Road and East Jinxiu Road in Pudong, the station opened with the rest of Line 14 on December 30, 2021.
References
Railway stations in Shanghai
Shanghai Metro stations in Pudong
Line 14, Shanghai Metro
Railway stations in China opened in 2021
Hubertus Wijnandus Jozef Marie (Huub) Stapel (born 2 December 1954, in Tegelen) is a Dutch actor.  They are especially known from the films De Lift (1983), Flodder (1986) and Amsterdamned (1988) by Dick Maas. They also appeared in the Golden Earring video When the Lady Smiles.
Filmografie
Dutch productions
Ferry (2021)
Redbad (2018)
Zwarte Tulp (2015) - Luuk Vonk
Goedenavond dames en heren (2015) - Benno
Hemel op aarde (2013) - Father Sef Janzen
A Perfect Man (2013) - Pieter
Moeder, ik wil bij de Revue (2012) - Jacob Somers
Bellicher:Cel (2012) - Steiner
De Goede Dood (2012) - Michael
Hard tegen Hard (2011) - Ben Berendsen
U & Eye (2011) - Carpenter
Titten (2011)
Sint (2010) - Saint Nicholas
Iep! (2010) - Warre
Terug naar de kust (2009)- Victor
Het Wapen van Geldrop (2008) - Piet Veerman
Alles is Liefde (2007) - themselves
Flikken Maastricht television series - Geert Veldkamp (Afl., Kogelvis, 2007)
SEXtet (2007) - Bram
Oberon television series - C (2005)
Johan (2005) - Rinus Dros
The Preacher (film) (De Dominee) (2004) - Anton Donkers
Klem in de draaideur (2003) - Dato Steenhuis
Verder dan de maan (2003) - Mees Werner sr.
Godforsaken (Van God Los) (2003) - Herbert Meijer
De vloer op television series - several parts (sinds 2002)
'n Stukje humor (2002) - Gerard
Het achterland (television film, 2001) - Alex
De Nacht van Aalbers (television film, 2001) - unknown
Loenatik televisieserie - Automonteur (Afl., De milieuactie, 2001)
Dial 9 for Love (2001) - Pieter
Wet & Waan television series - Herman Vlieger (10 episodes in season 1, 2000 & 10 episodes in season 2, 2003)
Oh oh Den Haag television series - Wim van Tol (2000)
Rent a Friend (2000) - Mr. Bloedworst
Retour Den Haag (television film, 1999) - Ed. van Thijn
Flodder television series - Paolo (Afl., Egotrip, 1998)
Mortinho por chegar a casa (1996) - Joris
De Zeemeerman (1996) - Timo Babel
Walhalla (1995) - Raymond de Feyter
De Partizanen (Mini series, 1995) - Hendrik
Hoffman's honger (1993) - Baruch Spinoza
Oog in oog television series - Peter Gubbels (Afl. onbekend, 1992)
Flodder in Amerika! (1992) - Johnnie Flodder
Sjans television series - Sjaak Massini (1992-1993)
Oh Boy! (1991) - Boy in sports café
De onfatsoenlijke vrouw (1991) - Leon
Amsterdamned (1988) - Eric Visser
Het Twentsch Paradijs (television film, 1988)
Flodder (1986) - Johnnie Flodder
Op hoop van zegen (1986) - Geert
Maria (1986) - Paolo Pietrosanti
De Dream (1985) - Inspector of police
De Schorpioen (1984) - Standard-bearer
De Lift (1983) - Felix Adelaar
De Zwarte Ruiter (1983) - Floor
De Weg (television series 1983) - Jan Nieuwenhuis
Willem van Oranje (mini series, 1983), remake of the 1934 film Willem van Oranje (film) - François-Hercule de Valois
Van de koele meren des doods (1982) - Herman
Het meisje met het rode haar (1981) - NSB member
German productions
(2010) - Harry Mac
Mein Herz in Chile (TV film, 2008) - Herbert Hansen
Alarm für Cobra 11 - Die Autobahnpolizei (TV series, episode: Auf eigene Faust, 2008) - Sander Kalvus
Donna Roma (TV series, 4 episodes, 2007) - Konstantin
Verrückt nach Clara (TV series, 7 episodes, 2007) - Bernd
Unter Verdacht (TV series, episode: Ein neues Leben, 2006) - Stewens
M.E.T.R.O. – Ein Team auf Leben und Tod (TV series, episode: Krim-Kongo, 2006) - Magnus van Royen
SOKO Kitzbühel (TV series, episode: Magischer Mord, 2006) - Henrik van Huisen
Sperling (TV series, episode: Sperling und der Fall Wachutka, 2005) - Johan Kerkman
Das beste Jahr meines Lebens (TV film, 2005) - Niklas Vandenberg
The Other Woman (TV film, 2004) - Henk
Das Duo (TV series, episode: Im falschen Leben, 2002) - Helmut Felser
Auf Herz und Nieren (2001) - Nemeth
Auf schmalem Grat (TV film, 2000) - Joachim Behrens
(1999) - Bank manager
Tatort (TV series, episode: Offene Rechnung, 1999) - Uli Lischka
Ein starkes Team (TV series, episode: Braunauge, 1999) - Milan Petkowicz
Die Neue – Eine Frau mit Kaliber (TV series, episode: Stille Nacht, tödliche Nacht, 1998) - Vandeberg
Hauptsache Leben (TV film, 1998) - Dominik
Kai Rabe gegen die Vatikankiller (1998) - Karl Bresser
Widows – Erst die Ehe, dann das Vergnügen (1998) - Konrad Sommer
Eine ungehorsame Frau (TV film, 1998) - David
Knockin' on Heaven's Door (1997) - Frankie 'Boy' Beluga
Der Schutzengel (TV film, 1997) - Peter Becker
Stockinger (TV series, episode: Undschuldslämmer, 1996) - Dr. Paolo van Voorst
Zockexpress (1991) - Dany
In the Shadow of the Sandcastle (1990) - unknown
Die Kurve kriegen (1985) - Jan
Flemish productions
Oh no! It's a woman. (2010, film)
Windkracht 10 (serie, 1997-1998) - Sergeant Dirk de Groot (diver in first series)
French production
Vertige pour un tueur (1970) - unknown
US production
The Attic: The Hiding of Anne Frank (television film, 1988) - Jan Gies
Theatre
Napoleon on St. Helena - Napoleon Bonaparte
Harold & Maude
Vrijen [stichting D.R.A.M.]
Onder het Melkwoud [stichting D.R.A.M]
Moordspel [with Ton Lensink]
Democraten (as Willy Brandt)
Eten met vrienden (for this part they were nominated for a Louis d'Or)
Mephisto
Kentering van een huwelijk
Art [with Victor Löw & Sjoerd Pleijsier]
Mannen komen van Mars, Vrouwen van Venus
De Kus (2010) (with Carine Crutzen)
Television programmes
Stapel op auto's
Stapel in de States
Oberon (reality series by TROS & Eén) as the counselor
Stapel op Werk (for Limburgish television)
Het gesprek, S.T.A.P.E.L (2007)
De vloer op (2005)
Nina Nazarova aan de top! (2010)
External links
Huub Stapel at the New York Times Movies & TV
1954 births
Living people
Dutch male film actors
Dutch male stage actors
Dutch male television actors
Dutch republicans
People from Tegelen
Sir Hugh Shakespear Barnes (14 July 1853 – 15 February 1940) was an English administrator in British India. They served as Chief Commissioner of Baluchistan several times during the 19th century.
Early life and education
Barnes was born in Shahjahanpur, Uttar Pradesh, to James Ralph Barnes, a member of the British Indian Civil Service, and Mary Jane Thompson. Their maternal great-grandfather, George Nesbitt Thompson, (1753–1831), was private secretary to Warren Hastings. Their mother's brother was Sir Rivers Thompson, Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal, while their father's brother George Carnac Barnes, Commissioner of the Cis-Sutlej states. They were educated at Malvern College. Their brother, Herbert Curie Barnes, served as Private Secretary to the Chief Commissioner of Burma.
Career
Hugh Barnes joined the Indian Civil Service in 1874, after placing atop the entrance examination. They were appointed Chief Commissioner of Baluchistan in 1891 (twice), and served further terms in 1896–1899 and 1899–1900. In 1899, they were appointed Foreign Secretary to the Government of India. It was announced in August 1902 that Barnes was appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Burma in succession to Sir Frederick Fryer, whose term was to end in early 1903. Barnes served in Burma from April 1903 until May 1905, in which year they became a Member of the Council of India.
They were appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Star of India in 1903.
Personal life
Barnes married Winifred Strachey, daughter of John Strachey, another Indian civil servant and a member of the prominent Strachey family. So many members of the Strachey family served in India that they were known jokingly as the "Strachey government." Barnes' daughter, Mary Barnes Hutchinson, was to become a writer and member of the Bloomsbury Group.
References
1853 births
1940 deaths
People from Shahjahanpur
People educated at Malvern College
Chief Commissioners of Baluchistan
Administrators in British Burma
Knights Commander of the Order of the Star of India
Knights Commander of the Royal Victorian Order
Indian Civil Service (British India) officers
James Peter Allen (born 1945) is an American Egyptologist, specializing in language and religion. They were curator of Egyptian Art at the Metropolitan Museum of Art from 1990 to 2006. In 2007, they became the Charles Edwin Wilbour Professor of Egyptology at Brown University. In 2008, they were elected president of the International Association of Egyptologists. A graduate of Saint Meinrad Seminary and School of Theology, they received their PhD from the University of Chicago.
Major publications
The Inflection of the Verb in the Pyramid Texts (Malibu: Undena, 1984)
Genesis in Egypt: The Philosophy of Ancient Egyptian Creation Accounts (New Haven: Yale University Press, 1988)
Middle Egyptian: An Introduction to the Language and Culture of Hieroglyphs (Cambridge: University Press, 2000)
The Heqanakht papyri. (New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2002)
The Art of Medicine in Ancient Egypt (New York: Metropolitan Museum of Art, 2006)
The Ancient Egyptian Pyramid Texts (Society of Biblical Literature, 2005)
The Egyptian Coffin Texts, Vol. 8. Middle Kingdom Copies of Pyramid Texts (Chicago: University Press, 2006)
"The Amarna Succession" in Causing Their Name to Live: Studies in Egyptian Epigraphy and History in Memory of William J. Murnane, University of Memphis, 2007
Middle Egyptian: An Introduction to the Language and Culture of Hieroglyphs 2nd ed. (Cambridge: University Press, 2010)
The Debate between a Man and Their Soul, a Masterpiece of Ancient Egyptian Literature (Culture and History of the Ancient Near East 44; Leiden and Boston: Brill, 2011)
The Ancient Egyptian Language: An Historical Study (Cambridge University Press, 2013)
Middle Egyptian Literature: Eight Literary Works (Cambridge University Press, 2015)
A Grammar of the Ancient Egyptian Pyramid Texts, Vol. I: Unis (Eisenbrauns, 2017)
Ancient Egyptian Phonology (Cambridge University Press, 2020)
Coptic: A Grammar of Its Six Major Dialects (Eisenbrauns, 2020)
"Ancient Egyptian Thought" (to be published by the American University in Cairo Press).
References
Sources
1945 births
Living people
American Egyptologists
People associated with the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Brown University faculty
Harry Baker (1897 – 6? June 1958) was a 61-year-old British credit draper whose murder led to one of the biggest manhunts Merseyside has ever known. Their murder in 1958 remains unsolved.
Background information
Baker was last seen alive on Friday 6 June 1958. The 61-year-old Jewish credit draper had made their way from their home in Southport to Bootle, as they did every Friday call on their housewife customers in the town. The mild-mannered Harry, a "perky little sparrow" as one man described him, the 'club man' who never pushed their customers hard if they could not pay, had made about 50 calls on customers in the Bootle area during that morning. They had 63 other calls to make in Bootle and the adjoining north Liverpool district that day. Then they vanished, apparently into thin air.
Their last confirmed sighting was at 1.45pm when witnesses saw them talking to an unidentified thin-faced man at the number 23 bus stop on Strand Road, Bootle. It is unclear if they boarded the bus into Liverpool, as some eyewitness reports suggest they may have stopped off in one of the city's cafes for a quick lunch, as they had work in the north of the city. There were unconfirmed reports that the clubman had been seen walking along rather morosely with their head bowed near the Pier Head.
Murder
On 23 June, seventeen days after they vanished, Baker's body was found, amid pink and purple rhododendrons, wrapped in two sacks on a plantation off the main A50 trunk road at High Legh, near Knutsford, Cheshire. They had been beaten and strangled. The police ascertained the body had been there at least two weeks. Missing from their person were £25 (£484 in today's money), two watches, and a fountain pen, which were unaccounted for on their person when their body was found.
One of the biggest manhunts Merseyside has ever known was mounted by the police. At the height of the investigation, 20,000 people were interviewed, 9,000 statements were taken and replies were obtained to 10,000 questionnaires. Unfortunately, positive placing of Baker's movements while they were alive came to a dead stop at that number 23 bus stop.
In 1966, eight years after the murder, Detective Chief Inspector Bill Cotter, head of the Bootle C.I.D., ruefully remarked to the Echo: "The Baker death is still very much in the minds of police officers. The file will, of course, remain open until the killer or killers of this man come to book, even if it takes another eight years".
Suspects
One theory that was propounded by detectives on the case was that the killer (or killers) had fled abroad before the body was discovered. This led police to check departures from the UK as well as overseas as the inquiry proceeded. Information still trickled in about the crime from time to time in the years following Baker's murder, but no significant headway or leads was ever made.
See also
List of solved missing person cases
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom
References
1958 in England
1958 murders in the United Kingdom
1950s missing person cases
June 1958 events in the United Kingdom
20th century in Merseyside
Formerly missing people
Male murder victims
Missing person cases in England
People murdered in England
Unsolved murders in the United Kingdom
Deaths by strangulation
Edward Locke is an American playwright.
Edward or Eddie Locke may also refer to:
Eddie Locke (baseball) (1923–1992), American baseball player
Eddie Locke (1930–2009), American jazz drummer
See also
Ned Locke, TV and radio personality
Edward Lock, cricketer
Cyclothone pseudopallida, commonly known as the slender bristlemouth, is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Cyclothone.
References
Gonostomatidae
Fish described in 1964
Newport Jazz Festival All Stars is a live album by an all star group assembled by pianist/promoter George Wein that featured trumpeter Buck Clayton, saxophonist Bud Freeman, trombonist Vic Dickenson and clarinetist Pee Wee Russell which was recorded in Boston in 1959 in preparation for the Newport Jazz Festival and released on the Atlantic label in 1960.
Track listing
"Royal Garden Blues" (Clarence Williams, Spencer Williams) – 4:14
"Sunday" (Chester Conn, Benny Krueger, Ned Miller, Jule Styne) – 4:41
"Dinah" (Harry Akst, Sam M. Lewis, Joe Young) – 4:20
"'Deed I Do" (Fred Rose, Walter Hirsch) – 4:47
"Pee Wee Russell's Unique Sound" (Traditional) – 4:46
"You Took Advantage of Me" (Richard Rodgers, Lorenz Hart) – 5:56
"Rose Room" (Art Hickman, Harry Williams) – 7:02
Personnel
Buck Clayton – trumpet
Vic Dickenson – trombone
Pee Wee Russell – clarinet
Bud Freeman – tenor saxophone
George Wein – piano
Champ Jones – bass
Jake Hanna – drums
References
1960 live albums
Buck Clayton live albums
Vic Dickenson albums
Pee Wee Russell live albums
Bud Freeman albums
George Wein albums
Atlantic Records live albums
Theodore D. Wachs (born February 6, 1941) is an American psychologist and professor in the Department of Psychological Sciences at Purdue University. They have studied the effects of environmental factors, such as noise, on children's mental development. They have also conducted research in the field of behavioral genetics. Wachs was one of the founders of the Global Child Development Group in 2007.
References
1941 births
Living people
People from Brooklyn
Purdue University faculty
American psychologists
Muhlenberg College alumni
Peabody College alumni
Developmental psychologists
Behavior geneticists
Donald Bruce McCormick (born 1932) is an American biochemist who researched nutrition. Their research focused on vitamins that were soluble in water and the processes of metabolism. They were recognized with a Guggenheim Fellowship and fellowship in the American Association for the Advancement of Sciences in 1966; they were editor of the Annual Review of Nutrition for ten years.
Early life and education
Donald Bruce McCormick was born in 1932 in Front Royal, Virginia to parents Elizabeth and Jesse A. McCormick. Their older siblings were James, Mary, and Edward, with younger sibling William. Their father was a high school teacher who taught chemistry and biology and was also involved in the production of explosives like TNT. Their family later moved to Tennessee and they attended high school in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. In 1950 they won second place in the Westinghouse Science Talent Search for high school seniors. They attended Vanderbilt University, graduating with a bachelor's degree in chemistry in 1953 and a PhD under the advisorship of Oscar Touster in 1958. Their doctoral thesis was about the metabolism of glucuronic acid, ribitol, and xylulose. They then completed a postdoctoral appointment with Esmond Emerson Snell at the University of California, Berkeley where they researched the metabolism of vitamin B6 and pyridoxal kinases.
Career
McCormick's research mostly focused on water-soluble vitamins and metabolism. In 1960 they became an assistant professor at Cornell University; they were promoted in 1963 to associate professor and 1969 to professor. From 1979 to 1994 they were the chair of the department of biochemistry at Emory University. They retired from Emory in 1997, at which point they became a professor emeritus. They succeeded Robert E. Olson as the editor of the Annual Review of Nutrition in 1995, holding the position through 2004.
Awards and honors
They were awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1966 in the molecular and cellular biology division. Also in 1966 they were elected a fellow of the American Association for the Advancement of Science.  They are additionally a fellow of the American Institute of Chemists and served as president of the American Institute of Nutrition in 1991.
Personal life
In 1955 they married Norma Jean . They have three children.
References
External links
A Conversation with Donald B. McCormick: 40 minute interview with McCormick about their career for the Annual Review of Nutrition (2012)
Living people
1932 births
People from Front Royal, Virginia
People from Oak Ridge, Tennessee
Vanderbilt University alumni
Cornell University faculty
Fellows of the American Association for the Advancement of Science
Emory University faculty
American biochemists
American nutritionists
Annual Reviews (publisher) editors
Paul Vitello (born 1950) is an American journalist who has written for a variety of publications. They wrote an award-winning news column for Newsday from 1982 to 2005. They went on to write for the religion and obituary sections for The New York Times and has taught at Stony Brook University's School of Journalism.
Biography
Vitello was born in Chicago in 1950. They grew up on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. They graduated from the High School of Music & Art (now LaGuardia High School) and Trinity College in Hartford, Connecticut.
Before joining the Times staff in 2005, they wrote about Long Island life for Newsday for 23 years. Their column received the Meyer Berger Award from Columbia University, was named the best newspaper column of the year in New York three times by the Associated Press, and won Newsdays Publisher's Award four times. They shared in Newsdays 1985 John Hancock Award for excellence in business writing and its 1997 Pulitzer Prize for Spot News Reporting for its coverage of the crash of TWA flight 800. Their work was featured in the American Society of Newspaper Editors' Best Newspaper Writing 2001: The Nation's Best Journalism, published by The Poynter Institute.On most days, I gather information for a story just as I would as a reporter; but when I write the column, it's the subtext I'm trying to get right.... Subtext is, according to my definition, the part of the story that none of the players ever mentions. It's the election politics in the prosecution of a murder case.... It can be in the way two people look at each other across a courtroom before one testifies against the other. For me, subtext is where the action is in any story.
Vitello began their career reporting for the Kansas City Times, the Knickerbocker News in Albany, New York and the City News Bureau of Chicago. As a freelance writer in Rome in 1979, they covered news from the Vatican for the Religion News Service.
Vitello is featured in the 2016 documentary Obit., about the complex work of The Times's obituary writers.
References
1950 births
20th-century American journalists
21st-century American journalists
American columnists
American expatriates in Italy
American male journalists
American writers of Italian descent
Journalists from Illinois
Living people
Newsday people
Obituary writers
People from the Lower East Side
Stony Brook University faculty
The New York Times writers
Trinity College (Connecticut) alumni
Writers from Manhattan
Nathan Smith Davis Sr., M.D., LLD (January 9, 1817 – June 16, 1904) was a physician who was instrumental in the establishment of the American Medical Association and was twice elected its president. They became the first editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Biography
Davis was born near Greene, Chenango County, New York. They lived and worked on the farm until 16 years of age, attending district school in the winter, and studying for six months in Cazenovia Seminary. At the age of 17 they began mastering medicine under Dr. Daniel Clark, attended three courses of lectures at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of the Western District of New York, Fairfield, and was graduated from that institution, on January 31, 1837, with a thesis on "Animal Temperature". They first practiced in Vienna, New York, but after a few months moved to Binghamton, New York and soon after settled in New York City.
In 1841, they were awarded the prize from the Medical Society of the State of New York for the best "Analysis of the Discoveries Concerning the Physiology of the Nervous System." About seven years later the State Agricultural Society of New York awarded them a prize for a "Text-Book on Agricultural Chemistry." They became a member of the Broome County Medical Society, and was one of its censors in 1838. In 1841, 1842 and 1843 they were secretary and librarian of the society, and in 1843 delegate from Broome County to the Medical Society of the State of New York. In 1845 their report as chairperson of the Committee on Correspondence relative to Medical Education and Examination led to the organization of the American Medical Association.
Almost from the beginning of their career, Davis was identified with medical education. While in Binghamton, they obtained a cadaver and demonstrated anatomy to medical students. Their first work as a teacher was lecturer and demonstrator of anatomy in the College of Physicians and Surgeons in the city of New York in 1848. A year later they moved to Chicago and accepted the chair of physiology and pathology in Rush Medical College. A year later, in addition, they assumed the duties of the chair of practice of medicine, and remained connected with the institution for ten years. Soon after they became connected with this college, they appreciated the necessity of a better system of medical education, as at that time there was no classification of students and no adjustable curriculum. They began to agitate for reform, but was opposed. They withdrew, and with a few colleagues founded the Chicago Medical College, of which they were for more than forty years the dean and professor of principles and practice of medicine. When Davis arrived in Chicago, there was no organization of physicians, and they were one of the prime movers in the Chicago Medical Society and the Illinois State Medical Society. For twelve years they were secretary of
the Chicago Medical Society, and in 1855 served as its president.
Soon after their arrival in Chicago, there was an epidemic of malaria, and they found on analyzing the drinking water that it was polluted by sewage. They straightway began agitation for a system of drainage, and to this end delivered a number of lectures resulting in sewerage reconstruction and foundation of Mercy Hospital. A school later named after them in Chicago. Their editorial work began while they were residing in New York City, where they were editor of the Annalist. In 1855 became editor of the Chicago Medical Journal, and five years later the Chicago Medical Examiner, remaining with these journals for twenty years. It was chiefly through their efforts that the Journal of the American Medical Association was established in 1883, and they were its first editor, continuing in that position for six years. They were a member of the International Medical Congress in 1876, and at that time read a notable paper on "American Medical Institutions." In 1887 they were secretary-general and later president of the Ninth International Medical Congress in Washington. While organizing this congress, they were stricken with cerebral hemorrhage, but recovered within three weeks. They were one of the founders and trustees of Northwestern University of the Chicago Academy of Sciences, the Chicago Historical Society, Illinois State Microscopical Society and Union College of Law, of which they were professor of medical jurisprudence. They were also an honorary member of the British Medical Association, and many other scientific societies in the US and abroad, a charter member of the American Medical Association, American Medical Temperance Association, Illinois State Medical Society, and the Chicago Medical Society.
They were vice-president of the American Medical Association in 1854, president, in 1864 and 1865, trustee from 1882 to 1884 and editor from 1883 to 1888.
Davis was a voluminous writer. Among their chief contributions to the medical literature are their "Principles and Practice of Medicine", "Medical Education and Reform", "Verdict of Science Concerning the Effects of Alcohol on Man", and "Clinical Lectures". In 1876 they were first attacked by a prostatic disease, from which they suffered until their death. On June 5, 1904, they were taken ill, showing signs of uremic poisoning. Up to within one hour of their death they talked clearly and well. They died in Chicago on June 16, quietly and without pain.
Davis's son and grandson of the same name themselves became physicians.
References
1817 births
1904 deaths
Rush University faculty
Northwestern University faculty
Medical journal editors
People from Greene, New York
Physicians from New York (state)
Miguel Gerónimo de Esparza (1678–1767) was a Spanish nobleman, who served during the Viceroyalty of Peru as Attorney and Regidor of Buenos Aires. They also served as Captain of the Militias and acting Mayor of Buenos Aires for several periods.
Career History
Miguel Gerónimo de Esparza y Rodríguez was born in Buenos Aires, the son of Alejo de Esparza, distinguished Captain and merchant originally from Lumbier, Navarre, and Escolástica Rodríguez, a Creole belonging to a family of the first settlers.
They probably did their elementary studies in Buenos Aires, and the tertiary at the University of Saint Francis Xavier, where they graduated in law. They began their political and military career during the end of the period of the Habsburg. They were present in the Cabildo of Buenos Aires when Buenos Aires was granted the title of Very Noble, and very loyal City, granted by Their Majesty King Philip V of Spain.
Esparza bought the title of perpetual regidor of the city of Buenos Aires in 1718, and made their oath before the notary Don Francisco de Merlo, on March 18 of the same year. They participated in the negotiations between the City Council and John Truppe (president South Sea Company), on the sale of 25 thousand bull leathers to the Asiento de Inglaterra. They served as Regidor Perpetuo (dean councilor) of Buenos Aires until 1766, during the viceroyalty of Manuel de Amat y Junyent.
As a member of the city council, Miguel Gerónimo de Esparza, dealt with matters concerning the problems caused by the bullfights held in the Plaza Mayor, prior to the creation of Plaza de Toros de Montserrat and Plaza de Toros del Retiro. They also took part in the debates due to the problems arising from the Portuguese settlements in the Banda Oriental the issue of the Guerra del Asiento, between Spain and England, the cobblestone work of the Riachuelo riverbank, the question of the incursions of the Pampas tribes, and matters related to the death of Ferdinand VI, and the assumption of their successor Charles III.
They also took part in the request for the foundation of a Bethlehemite Brothers hospital in Buenos Aires. In 1752, they and the other deputies informed their Majesty about the deterioration of the Cathedral of the City, and take part in the contracting of the architect Antonio Masella, who started the reconstruction works of the Cathedral in 1753.
They had a long career in legal matters in the Río de la Plata. In 1719, they served as a defensor de pobres (defender of minors), and like lawyer or adviser of Buenos Aires. They also are appointed to the position of conjuez de menores (judge of minors) in 1745.
In 1731, Esparza was designated as Fiel Ejecutor, a charge that consisted in the inspection and control of commercial activity in the Río de la Plata. In 1746, they served temporarily as alcalde ordinario of the city of Buenos Aires in substitution of Gaspar de Bustamante, alcalde of second vote. They returned to occupy the post of mayor of second vote in 1760, this time in substitution of Don Joseph de Iturriaga.
In 1744, they were appointed by the governor Domingo Ortiz de Rosas, to take charge of the completion of the padron (census) of the city of Buenos Aires.
Miguel Gerónimo de Esparza was also in charge of providing services in ceremonies and public events in Buenos Aires. For several periods it was designated as Alférez Real, in charge to attend the patronal party in honor of San Martín de Tours, patron of the City and the archdiocese of Buenos Aires. In 1725, they took part in the senses tributes that were made in the city to the Monarch Louis I of Spain, died on August 18, 1724.
In 1733 they participated in the festivities of the city on the occasion of the Conquest of Oran by the Spanish Empire.
Like many politicians of the time Esparza, was also dedicated to the military career. They took part in various military campaigns against the incursions of the Pampas, including their actions against the tribes of the Calelián chief in the northern territories of the Province of Buenos Aires. They also served as contador del Ramo de Guerra (Council of War) and as a commander in the Fuerte de Buenos Aires, the main fortification of the city.
They were also dedicated to commerce, they belonged to the select group of neighbors of Basque and Creole origin, who had ties to Cadiz. Among these neighbors was Juan de la Palma y Lobatón, Domingo de Basavilbaso, their colleagues in the Ayuntamiento, and Alonso García de Zúñiga, belonging to one of the most powerful families of Río de la Plata.
Miguel Gerónimo de Esparza was one of the most veteran politicians and military of the colonial period of Buenos Aires. In 1764 they took oath to their son Juan Miguel de Esparza, who had been elected alcalde of first voto. And two years later (1766) at the age of 87, they were sworn to the alcalde Miguel de la Rocha Rodríguez. That same year, they resigned from the position of Regidor décano of the city of Buenos Aires in favor of Gregorio Ramos Mexía.
Family
They were married on July 2, 1706 in the Buenos Aires Cathedral to Antonia Cabral de Melo, daughter of Antonio Cabral de Melo y Carbajal and Leonor de Morales y Manzanares, belonging to noble families of Portuguese and Spanish roots. Esparza's wife was related to the family of Amador Vaz de Alpoim and Pedro Morales y Mercado.
They and their wife were parents of several children including Juan Miguel de Esparza, a distinguished government official of the city, who served as regidor and alcalde.
Their brother Joseph de Esparza, was a politician who had an active participation as a colonial official. They were married to María Verdún, a noble woman, relative of Bernardino Verdún de Villayzán. Their sisters María de Esparza and Ines de Esparza, were related to distinguished military of Basque origin. María was married to Gabriel Ximénez, born in Biscay, and Inés with Juan de Zenarro, native of Pasaia, Gipuzkoa.
In 1717, Miguel Gerónimo de Esparza attended as a witness in the marriage of their cousin, María Josefa Zenarro Esparza with Pedro Gribeo, (descendant of Domingo Gribeo) who served as Lieutenant governor of Corrientes in 1728.
Miguel Gerónimo de Esparza died on September 10, 1767, receiving the funeral honors on the part of its comrades of the Cabildo, including Vicente de Azcuénaga and Manuel de Basavilbaso, alcaldes of first and second voto. Their wife, Doña Antonia Cabral de Melo, died in 1769.
Juan Miguel de Esparza and Antonia Cabral de Melo were owners of a luxurious house, built of bricks and tile roof, with a kitchen, a bedroom, a loft with two bedrooms, a water well, an orchard, fruit trees. It was located on the streets San Martín and Piedad, current Calle Reconquista and Bartolomé Mitre, barrio de San Nicolás, and inherited by their daughters Sebastiana and Leonor de Esparza, who requested in their will that a Chaplaincy be founded on the same site of the house.
References
External links
Matrimonios 1656-1762
Bautismos 1713-1727
Acuerdos del extinguido Cabildo de Buenos Aires
1679 births
1767 deaths
People from Buenos Aires
Mayors of Buenos Aires
Spanish colonial governors and administrators
Spanish nobility
18th-century Spanish businesspeople
Riverside School may refer to:
Riverside School, Barking, United Kingdom
Riverside School, Prague, Czech Republic
The Riverside School, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India
Riverside School (Fishers, Indiana), United States
Riverside School (Elkins, West Virginia), United States, a historic school building
Riverside School (Zimbabwe), Gweru, Zimbabwe
See also
Riverside School District (disambiguation)
Still Smokin or Still Smokin' may refer to:
Still Smokin (film), a 1983 American comedy film by Cheech and Chong
Still Smokin (Lil Rob album), 2000, or the title song
Still Smokin, a 1992 album by The Marshall Tucker Band
Still Smokin''', a 2012 album by Brownsville StationStill Smokin, an unauthorized release of the Doobie Brothers On Our Way Up"Still Smokin'", a song by Kottonmouth Kings from Hidden Stash III''
J. F. Laldailova or Joseph Francis Laldailova (9125-1979) was a writer of Mizo literature. They joined Saint Placid's High School in Chittagong in 1935. They later joined the Indian Air Force as a bandmaster. Revered as Mizo William Shakespeare, JF Laldailova was known for their extensive knowledge of Mizo literature and for their exceptional command of English and the Mizo language.  They are best remembered for their English to Mizo dictionary, and also for their translation works, literary criticism and being the editor of a literary magazine.
See also
Mizo literature
References
1925 births
1979 deaths
Scholars from Mizoram
Mizo people
Indian male writers
Writers from Mizoram
Alberto Altarac is a Bosnian former footballer who played as a midfielder.
Career
Altarac played in the Yugoslav Second League in 1969 with FK Sloboda Tuzla, and assisted in securing promotion to the Yugoslav First League. They featured in the 1970–71 Yugoslav Cup final, but lost the series to Red Star Belgrade. In 1974, they played in the National Soccer League with Toronto Croatia.
After their football career they worked as an Italian translator.
International career
Altarac played in 1966 with the Yugoslavia national under-18 football team, and featured in the 1966 UEFA European Under-18 Championship.
References
Living people
Association football midfielders
Bosnia and Herzegovina footballers
Yugoslav footballers
FK Sloboda Tuzla players
Toronto Croatia players
Yugoslav First League players
Yugoslav Second League players
Canadian National Soccer League players
Year of birth missing (living people)
The following squads and players competed in the men's handball tournament at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Australia
The following players represented Australia:
Brendon Taylor
Cristian Bajan
Darryl McCormack
David Gonzalez
Dragan Sestic
Karim Shehab
Kristian Groenintwoud
Lee Schofield
Milan Slavujevic
Peter Bach
Rajan Pavlovic
Russell Garnett
Sasa Sestic
Taip Ramadani
Vernon Cheung
Cuba
The following players represented Cuba:
Amauris Cardenas
Damian Cuesta
Diego Wong
Félix Romero
Freddy Suárez
José Hernández
Juan González
Luis Silveira
Miguel Montes
Misael Iglesias
Odael Marcos
Raúl Hardy
Rolando Uríos
Yunier Noris
Egypt
The following players represented Egypt:
Ahmed Belal
Amro El-Geioushy
Ashraf Mabrouk Awaad
Ayman El-Alfy
Hany El-Fakharany
Hazem Awaad
Saber Hussein
Hussain Said
Hussain Zaky
Magdy Abou El-Magd
Mohamed Bakir El-Nakib
Gohar Al-Nil
Sherif Moemen
Marwan Ragab
Mohamed Sharaf El-Din
France
The following players represented France:
Andrej Golic
Bertrand Gille
Bruno Martini
Cédric Burdet
Christian Gaudin
Didier Dinart
Grégory Anquetil
Guéric Kervadec
Guillaume Gille
Jackson Richardson
Jérôme Fernandez
Marc Wiltberger
Olivier Girault
Patrick Cazal
Stéphane Joulin
Germany
The following players represented Germany:
Bernd Roos
Bogdan Wenta
Christian Schwarzer
Daniel Stephan
Florian Kehrmann
Frank von Behren
Henning Fritz
Jan Holpert
Jörg Kunze
Klaus-Dieter Petersen
Markus Baur
Mike Bezdicek
Stefan Kretzschmar
Sven Lakenmacher
Volker Zerbe
Russia
The following players represented Russia:
Dmitry Filippov
Vyacheslav Gorpishin
Oleg Khodkov
Eduard Koksharov
Denis Krivoshlykov
Vasily Kudinov
Stanislav Kulinchenko
Dmitry Kuzelev
Andrey Lavrov
Igor Lavrov
Sergey Pogorelov
Pavel Sukosyan
Dmitri Torgovanov
Aleksandr Tuchkin
Lev Voronin
Slovenia
The following players represented Slovenia:
Aleš Pajovič
Andrej Kastelic
Beno Lapajne
Branko Bedekovič
Gregor Cvijič
Iztok Puc
Jani Likavec
Renato Vugrinec
Roman Pungartnik
Rolando Pušnik
Tettey-Sowah Banfro
Tomaž Tomšič
Uroš Šerbec
Zoran Jovičič
Zoran Lubej
South Korea
The following players represented South Korea:
Jo Beom-yeon
Jo Chi-hyo
Choi Hyeon-ho
Hong Gi-il
Gang Il-gu
Lee Jae-wu
Lee Seok-hyeong
Mun Byeong-uk
Baek Won-cheol
Park Jeong-jin
Park Min-cheol
Park Seong-rip
Yun Gyeong-min
Yun Gyeong-sin
Spain
The following players represented Spain:
David Barrufet
Talant Duyshebaev
Mateo Garralda
Rafael Guijosa
Demetrio Lozano
Enric Masip
Jordi Núñez
Jesús Olalla
Juan Pérez
Xavier O'Callaghan
Antonio Carlos Ortega
Antonio Ugalde
Iñaki Urdangarín
Alberto Urdiales
Andrei Xepkin
Sweden
The following players represented Sweden:
Magnus Andersson
Martin Boquist
Martin Frändesjö
Mathias Franzén
Peter Gentzel
Andreas Larsson
Ola Lindgren
Stefan Lövgren
Staffan Olsson
Johan Petersson
Tomas Svensson
Tomas Sivertsson
Pierre Thorsson
Ljubomir Vranjes
Magnus Wislander
Tunisia
The following players represented Tunisia:
Ali Madi
Anouar Ayed
Dhaker Seboui
Haikel Meguennem
Issam Tej
Makrem Jerou
Mohamed Madi
Mohamed Messaoudi
Mohamed Riadh Sanaa
Oualid Ben Amor
Ouissem Bousnina
Ouissem Hmam
Slim Zehani
Sobhi Sioud
Yugoslavia
The following players represented Yugoslavia:
Aleksandar Knežević
Arpad Šterbik
Dejan Perić
Dragan Škrbić
Goran Đukanović
Igor Butulija
Ivan Lapčević
Nebojša Golić
Nedeljko Jovanović
Nenad Peruničić
Petar Kapisoda
Ratko Nikolić
Ratko Đurković
Vladan Matić
Žikica Milosavljević
References
2000
Timothy Davis may refer to:
Timothy Davis (activist) (born 1955), politician, cannabis rights activist from Missouri
Timothy Davis (Iowa politician) (1794–1862), U.S. Representative from Iowa
Timothy Davis (Massachusetts politician) (1821–1888), U.S. Representative from Massachusetts
See also
Tim Davis (disambiguation)
Timothy Davis-Reed, U.S. actor
Timothy Davies (disambiguation)
The Ajna Offensive is an American independent record label which releases extreme metal, experimental music and neofolk records, and books related to occultism, ritual work, magic theory and meta-history. The proprietor of the label is Tyler Davis, who had met a man with a music project called Plecid and who subsequently worked with Stephen O'Malley on the black metal fanzine Descent. O'Malley was later involved with the development of The Ajna Offensive record label.
Ajna, a Sanskrit word meaning command, is the third eye chakra, the sixth primary chakra in the body, according to Hindu tradition.
History
The Ajna Offensive label evolved in 1992 out of the "Warloch" label then managed by Davis. Davis and O'Malley first met after Davis sent O'Malley a very excitable letter upon reading the first issue of Descent. Tyler offered all of their energy to Descent, while Stephen offered their energies towards The Ajna Offensive record label. In reviewing metal bands for the magazine, Davis felt that black metal had not yet reached its potential. At one point, they and O'Malley listened to a trunk of about 150 demos, giving some of them positive reviews in Descent.
The first album released from the label was Plecid.
According to Stylus Magazine, The Ajna Offensive appears to be an aesthetically steered label, from the color and layout of the website to the bands it chooses to distribute and promote.
Estimated annual sales of The Ajna Offensive is 86,000 copies. The label's Standard Industrial Classification code is 7389 and its North American Industry Classification System code is 561990.
Artists
88MM
Acrimonious
Allerseelen
Altar of Perversion
Antaeus
Aosoth
Averse Sefira
Bobby Beausoleil
Dagon
Dapnom
Deathkey
Deathspell Omega
Den
Deströyer 666
Funeral Mist
Infernal Proteus
Katharsis
Lotus Eaters
Malokarpatan
Mortuus
Negative Plane
Ofermod
Ondskapt
Psychonaut
Robert X. Patriot
Plecid
Reencarnacion
Root
Sacrificial Totem
Secrets of the Moon
Sigrblot
Silbernacht
Strict
Symphonia Sacrosancta Phasmatvm
Taint
Teitanblood
Tiermes
Tormentor
Ultra
Villains
Volupså
Watain
Weapon
Wolfskin
References
External links
American independent record labels
Black metal record labels
Death metal record labels
Record labels established in 1992
1821 Light Regiment is part of the Regiment of Artillery of the Indian Army.
Formation
1821 Light Regiment was raised at Siliguri on 15 September 1965 as 182 Light Regiment (Pack). The nucleus of the regiment was the 142 Mountain Battery – which itself was raised on 1 March 1962 as part of 51 Mountain Regiment (Pack) at Harchura (Rangapara North), Assam.
In 1973, 182 Light Regiment (Pack), was split into 1821 (Independent) Light Battery and 1822 (Independent) Light Battery. The class composition was changed from a single class (Sikhs) to ‘All India, All Classes'. On 4 August 1984, the 1821 (Independent) Light Battery was redesignated as 1821 Light Regiment.
History
Sino-Indian War
142 Mountain Battery took part in the operations in NEFA in 1962.
Nathu La clashes
During the Nathu La operation in 1967, 182 Light Regiment provided timely and effective fire support. Captain NS Burns was awarded the Sena Medal for their courageous action. It lost Gunner Sukhdev Singh.
Indo-Pakistani War of 1971
The unit was part of the 104 Infantry Brigade under 19 Infantry Division in Tithwal Sub-sector. It proved its mettle in Lipa Valley at Tangdhar. It played a stellar role in providing fire support for the capture of Wanjal, when field and medium guns were crested.
Other operations
The regiment has also participated in Operation Rakshak between 1993 and 1996 at Gund, during Operation Vijay in 1999 at RS Pura and in Operation Parakram.
Honours and Awards
The regiment has won one Sena Medal, one Mentioned in dispatches, four COAS Commendation Cards and six Army Commander Commendation Cards.
See also
List of artillery regiments of Indian Army
References
Military units and formations established in 1965
Artillery regiments of the Indian Army after 1947
Plattekill is a hamlet (and census-designated place) in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 1,260 at the 2010 census. The community, as is the town, is named after a local stream, the Platte Kill.
Plattekill is in the southern part of the Town of Plattekill. The community is adjacent to the New York State Thruway (Interstate 87) at the junction of Routes 32 and 13 and is one mile (1.6 km) north of the county line of Orange County.
Geography
Plattekill is located at (41.611799, -74.072256).
According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of 2.6 square miles (6.8 km2), of which 2.6 square miles (6.8 km2) is land and 0.38% is water.
Demographics
As of the census of 2000, there were 1,050 people, 346 households, and 263 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 401.5 per square mile (154.7/km2). There were 383 housing units at an average density of 146.5/sq mi (56.4/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 72.57% White, 8.19% Black or African American, 0.57% Native American, 0.67% Asian, 15.14% from other races, and 2.86% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 50.19% of the population.
There were 346 households, out of which 43.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 47.7% were married couples living together, 21.4% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.7% were non-families. 19.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 3.03 and the average family size was 3.36.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 33.3% under the age of 18, 6.7% from 18 to 24, 29.0% from 25 to 44, 21.0% from 45 to 64, and 10.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 92.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 89.2 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $40,769, and the median income for a family was $41,429. Males had a median income of $38,250 versus $33,036 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $15,497. About 8.5% of families and 11.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 15.5% of those under age 18 and none of those age 65 or over.
References
Census-designated places in New York (state)
Census-designated places in Ulster County, New York
Hamlets in New York (state)
Hamlets in Ulster County, New York
Plattekill, New York
"51st state" is a phrase that refers to areas considered candidates for addition to the 50 states already part of the United States.
51st State may also refer to:
"51st State" (song), a 1986 song by New Model Army
The 51st State, a 2001 British film
51st State, a 1998 novel by Peter Preston
51st State, a 2010 board game
See also
Area 51, a highly classified United States Air Force facility located within the Nevada Test and Training Range
Moggill Creek is a creek in Brisbane, the largest city in Queensland, Australia. The creek rises on the Taylor Range and runs in a south-easterly direction from the southern edge of Brisbane Forest Park in Kholo and Pullenvale, flowing through Upper Brookfield, Brookfield and joining the Brisbane River at Kenmore. Before entering the Brisbane River the creek is crossed by Moggill Road and winds through Rafting Ground Reserve.
Aboriginal naming of Moggil Creek comes from their description of the large water-lizards that were hunted and eaten in the area. They called these lizards, "magil" (moggill) when they were disturbed and jumped into the water.
There are various land uses within the Moggill catchment, including commercial and residential areas, grazing and natural bushland. Moggill Creek is an ephemeral creek: during period of low rain it may not flow. In contrast to other waterways in the Brisbane area, Moggill Creek is considered to be relatively undisturbed.
Gold Creek is a tributary of the waterway and is dammed by a small reservoir called Gold Creek Dam.
The creek is a platypus hotspot with a number of locations along the creek being good places to spot the shy animal. The creek has the most platypus sightings for any Brisbane waterway, followed by Enoggera Creek.
The Moggill Creek catchment has a vast variety of wildlife including koalas, possums, echidnas, bandicoots, gliders, and the nearly extinct greater glider. Many butterflies and birds can also be spotted in the region as the natural habitat is being restored by the Moggill Creek Catchment Group and the Brisbane City Council Wildlife Conservation Partnership program.
See also
List of rivers of Australia
References
External links
Tributaries of the Brisbane River
Kenmore, Queensland
Rivers of Brisbane
Temósachic is one of the 67 municipalities of Chihuahua, in northern Mexico. The municipal seat lies at Temósachic. The municipality covers an area of 5,361.9 km².
As of 2010, the municipality had a total population of 6,211, down from 6,319 as of 2005.
As of 2010, the town of Temósachic had a population of 1,841. Other than the town of Temósachic, the municipality had 329 localities, none of which had a population over 1,000.
Geography
Towns and villages
The municipality has 421 localities. The largest are:
History
Eight vehicles were ambushed and four police officers killed and six wounded along the highway from Temósachic to Madera. The deceased were identified as Sergio Luna Escalante, Efraín Ríos Rodríguez, Noel Omar Ronquillo López, and Luis Raúl Piñón Gómez.
References
Municipalities of Chihuahua (state)
Harriet Taylor Treadwell (1870 – December 12, 1931), also seen as Harriette Taylor Treadwell, was an American suffragist and educator.
Early life
Harriet Taylor was born in Williamstown, New York, the daughter of Hiram Taylor and Delia C. Taylor. They trained as a teacher in New York, and earned a bachelor's degree at the University of Chicago in 1911.
Career
Treadwell's career was in education. They were a schoolteacher as a young woman. They were a school principal in Chicago for many years, and president of the Chicago Teachers' Federation from 1905, succeeding Margaret Haley. In 1910, they and Margaret Free published a primer, Reading Literature. This was followed by The First Reader (1911), The Second Reader (1912), The Third Reader (1912), The Fourth Reader (1913), The Fifth Reader (1915), and The Sixth Reader (1918).
Treadwell was also active as a suffragist. They were president of the Chicago League of Women Voters, and of the Illinois Women's Legislative Congress. With Harriet Stokes Thompson and Grace Wilbur Trout, they were a leader of the Chicago Political Equality League. They spoke against the state and federal Supreme Courts, saying they were "courts of law, and not of justice." They also took an interest in prison reform. They managed circulation for a Woman Voters' Special issue of the Chicago Examiner in 1913.
In November 1913, Treadwell welcomed British suffrage leader Emmeline Pankhurst at a Chicago appearance, after they were one of a group of Chicago suffragists who petitioned Woodrow Wilson to reverse the deportation of Pankhurst from the United States. In 1920, they spoke at the final meeting and victory banquet of the Illinois Equal Suffrage Association, predicting that the women's vote would bring a minimum wage, extended public school and public health measures, and pensions for mothers.
Personal life
In 1897, Harriet Taylor married Dr. Charles H. Treadwell. They had a son, Charles Jr. They were widowed in 1918, and they died suddenly from a heart attack in 1931, aged 62 years, in Hammond, Indiana. Them granddaughter and namesake, Harriette Taylor Treadwell (1929-2012), was also a teacher and author, and served in the United States Air Force during the Korean War.
References
External links
1870 births
1931 deaths
People from Williamstown, New York
American suffragists
American educators
Billy Waith (born 30 August 1950) was a Welsh welterweight boxer. They made an unsuccessful challenge for the British Welterweight title in 1978 against Henry Rhiney and became Wales Welterweight champion in 1982, holding it until their retirement from the sport in 1984.
Career
Waith was born in Butetown in Cardiff, and was one of seven children. They were a successful amateur boxer and represented Wales in several tournaments, but after being passed over for the European Under-21 Championship they turned professional.
Waith's first professional bout, fighting at featherweight, was on 19 October 1970 when they faced Mickey Vann in Aberavon; Waith won the fight by points decision. Their career as a featherweight progressed well, losing just one of their first 19 fights, the majority of them being fought at the National Sporting Club in London. During this period they also recorded the first draw of their career, when they fought Dennis Flynn at the Empire Pool as an undercard fight to the José Nápoles vs Ralph Charles WBA World Welterweight contest.
In June 1972, Waith travelled to South Africa for their first bout outside Britain. Their opponent was South African lightweight champion Andries Steyn, in a ten-round fight in Johannesburg. The fight went the full ten rounds with Steyn taking the referee's decision. On their return to Britain, Waith entered a lightweight eliminator contest for a shot at the British title, facing Doncaster based fighter Howard Hayes at York Hall in London. Waith, who was floored during the contest, lost by a wide margin and decided to move out of the featherweight division.
Waith had struggled with maintaining their weight, a factor that affected their entire career, and by 1973 they were turning out as a lightweight, beating Paul Bromley by points at the Top Rank Suite in Swansea. Later that year Waith travelled to South Africa again, this time facing ex-South African featherweight champions, and future WBA bantamweight champion Arnold Taylor. Waith recorded the same result as their first trip to South Africa, a points decision loss. Waith followed the loss with three wins, before being beaten by Erik Kinnien in Oslo. Despite the loss in Norway, their three prior fights against British opponents gave Waith another chance at an eliminator for a British title, this time a 12-round contest against Scottish fighter Jim Watt.
Notes
External links
1950 births
Living people
Boxers from Cardiff
Welsh male boxers
Welterweight boxers
People from Butetown
The Pentax Q series is a series of mirrorless interchangeable-lens cameras made by Pentax and introduced in 2011 with the initial model Pentax Q. , it was the world's smallest, lightest interchangeable lens digital camera. The first models used a 1/2.3" (6.17 x 4.55 mm) back-illuminated sensor CMOS image sensor. The Q7, introduced in June 2013, uses a larger 1/1.7" type sensor (7.44 x 5.58 mm). The Q system is now discontinued.
Characteristics
The Pentax Q and Q10 sensors have a crop factor of 5.53× while the Pentax Q7 and Q-s1 have a crop factor of 4.65×. The original Pentax Q sensor has a 12.4 megapixels with 1.52 µm pixel pitch. All Pentax Q system cameras have a short flange focal distance (FFD) of 9.2mm. With a 5.53× crop factor, an adapted 100mm lens has the equivalent field of view (FOV) of a 553mm telephoto in the 35mm full-frame format. An additional implication of these relatively large crop factors is that depth of field (DOF) is proportionally increased relative to full-frame systems at the same equivalent focal length and aperture; this puts the Pentax Q system cameras at a distinct advantage when capturing as much as possible with acceptable focus is important.
Pentax Q system cameras do not have a mechanical shutter or neutral density filter in the camera body. Because of this, some lenses and adapters have a built-in mechanical leaf shutter and/or a built-in ND filter.
The short flange focal distance of the Pentax Q series enables lenses from many manufacturers to be adapted to it, including Olympus OM, Canon FD, Minolta, M42 screw mount, M39 Leica, C-Mount, D-Mount, Pentax K, and Pentax 6×7. A Pentax adapter with a synchronized shutter for Pentax K-mount lenses was released in October 2012.
The camera is equipped with "SR" sensor-shift image stabilization technology to improve image quality when using the camera without a tripod. It works with all native and adapted lenses. The Pentax Q also features a "blur control" mode to provide a pseudo shallow focus effect when desired.
Models
Pentax Q
The initial model was announced in June, 2011.
Pentax Q10
Announced in September, 2012, the Q10 has a slightly redesigned body and an improved sensor. Most features and specifications were unchanged.
Pentax Q7
The Q7 was announced in June 2013 and has a larger 1/1.7" sensor. It is available in a wide variety of colors.
Pentax Q-S1
The Q-S1 was announced August 4, 2014. It has a 1/1.7" sensor. In addition to the Q-7 features, it has auto focusing in the video mode (with the 01, 02 and 08 lenses.)
Lenses
Eight lenses have been released in the Pentax Q system. (AF = Auto Focus, MF = Manual Focus):
Notes: *Any lenses adapted to the adapter will function in MF only. Whether it is single or varifocal depends on the optical characteristic of the lens.
**Although the adapter itself cannot have a focal length or filter diameter, the focal length/filter diameter for adapter/lens combination will depend on the lens attached.
***The maximum aperture depends on the lens aperture for most lenses. However, for larger-aperture lenses, since the adapter controls the aperture, the effective f-stop may increase or falloff may become more apparent.
****The minimum aperture depends on the adapter.
See also
Pentax Auto 110
List of Pentax products
References
External links
Pentax Q review at Pentax Forums
Q
Charles Franklin Bartson (March 13, 1865 – June 9, 1936) was an American professional baseball pitcher who played for the Chicago Pirates of the Players' League (PL) during the 1890 baseball season. Over their PL career, Bartson pitched to a 9–10 win–loss record with an earned run average of 4.11 and 52 strikeouts. After their PL career, they formed a Western Association team in Peoria, Illinois, and served as Republican Central Committee chairperson in the city. They died of heart disease on June 9, 1936.
Biography
Charles Franklin Bartson was born on March 13, 1865, in Peoria, Illinois. Bartson began their professional career for the Omaha Omahogs of the Western League in 1887, when they also played for the St. Joseph Reds of the same league. Combined, Bartson had a 11–18 win–loss record with a 5.08 earned run average (ERA) over 253.1 innings pitched. As a batter, Bartson had a .259 batting average with 35 hits and 18 runs scored. In 1888, Bartson played for the Buffalo Bisons of the International Association for Professional Base Ball Players and the Peoria Canaries of the Central Interstate League. In 1889, they struck out 12 Chicago White Stockings players of the National League (NL) in an exhibition game. They spent the 1889 season with the Peoria club. Jimmy Ryan, a player on Chicago's roster who struck out three times against Bartson, remembered their name when the Chicago Pirates of the Players' League (PL) searched for additional pitchers in 1890.
Bartson made their PL debut for the Pirates on May 14, 1890, in a game against the Buffalo Bisons that Chicago won 4–1. In July, Bartson was traded to Buffalo to help their pitching staff, though they voided the trade, a condition possible under league structure. Bartson reasoned it was better to pitch once a week for a good team than once every three days for a bad one. They played their final PL game on September 16, 1890. Pirates manager Charles Comiskey recommended them for release after Bartson got drunk and verbally abused Cap Anson, so much so that police had to remove Bartson from the grounds, in a NL game Bartson attended during an off-day; Comiskey stated "his work was not of such a kind as to warrant their retention" anyway. Bartson did not make many starts with Chicago, as pitchers Mark Baldwin and Silver King started 113 of the club's 138 total games. They finished the year with 20 games started, an ERA of 4.11, and a 9–10 win–loss record, while having a batting average of .167 with 13 hits over 90 plate appearances. According to author Ed Koszarek, their pitching numbers were indicative of being a "third reserve pitcher on a staff", and were far below the Pirates' level, and their batting numbers were below normal for a pitcher.
After the season, they played for the Quincy Ravens of the Illinois–Iowa League (IIL), the Minneapolis Millers of the Western Association (WA), and the St. Paul Apostles/Duluth Whalebacks of the WA in 1891. In 1892, Bartson recorded a 17–13 win–loss record and a 1.30 ERA over 242.1 innings pitched for the Rock Island-Moline Twins of the IIL. They continued to play for several Midwestern minor-league teams until their early thirties. Bartson stood at and weighed .
After their professional baseball career, they formed a WA team in Peoria with Ed Dugdale, and later served as president of Peoria Three-I club. In politics, they were a city official in Peoria and served as Republican Central Committee chairperson. At the time of their death, they were working for the Empire Cigar Store in the city. Bartson died on June 9, 1936, in Peoria, of heart disease, and is interred at Springdale Cemetery in Peoria.
References
External links
1865 births
1936 deaths
19th-century baseball players
Major League Baseball pitchers
Chicago Pirates players
St. Joseph Reds players
Omaha Omahogs players
Peoria Reds players
Buffalo Bisons (minor league) players
Peoria Canaries players
Quincy Ravens players
Minneapolis Millers (baseball) players
St. Paul Apostles players
Duluth Whalebacks players
Rock Island-Moline Twins players
Marinette Badgers players
Peoria Distillers players
Baseball players from Illinois
Sportspeople from Peoria, Illinois
Phantom Lady is a 1944 American film noir directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Franchot Tone, Ella Raines, and Alan Curtis. Its plot follows a young Manhattan secretary and their endeavors to prove that their boss did not murder their wife, leading them into increasingly dangerous situations.
The film was Siodmak's first Hollywood noir and the first film produced by Joan Harrison, Universal Pictures' earliest female executive, who was associated with Alfred Hitchcock. The film was based on the novel of the same name written by Cornell Woolrich but published under the pseudonym William Irish.
Plot
After a fight with their wife on their anniversary, Scott Henderson, a 32-year-old engineer, picks up an equally unhappy woman at Anselmo's Bar in Manhattan and they take a taxi to see a stage show. The woman refuses to tell them anything about herself. The star of the show they are watching, Estela Monteiro, becomes furious when they notice that they and the mystery woman are wearing the same unusual hat. When Henderson returns home, they find Police Inspector Burgess and two of their men waiting to question him; their wife has been strangled with one of their neckties. Henderson has a solid alibi, but the bartender, taxi driver and Monteiro deny seeing the phantom lady. Henderson cannot even clearly describe the woman.  They are tried and sentenced to death.
Carol Richman, Henderson's loyal secretary, who is secretly in love with him, sets out to prove their innocence. They start with the bartender. They sit in the bar night after night, staring at and unnerving him. Finally, they follow them home one night. When they confront them on the street, some bystanders step in to restrain him. They break free, runs into the street and is run over. Later, Burgess offers to help (unofficially); they have become convinced that only a fool or an innocent man would have stuck to such a weak alibi. Burgess provides them with information about the drummer at the show, Cliff, who had tried to make eye contact with the mystery lady.
Carol dresses provocatively and goes to another of Cliff's shows, hoping to glean more information. By making intense eye contact with Cliff during the performance, they manage to capture their attention. Afterward, Cliff approaches her, and they return to their apartment with him. Somewhat drunk, Cliff brags that they were paid $500 for their false testimony. However, they become suspicious when they accidentally knock over their purse and among the spilled contents finds a piece of paper with details about him. Richman manages to escape, leaving their purse behind. After they have gone, the real murderer, Henderson's best friend Jack Marlow, shows up at the apartment and strangles Cliff to death.
Marlow has put aside business in South America to come home, ostensibly to help Richman save Henderson; secretly they work to frustrate their efforts, while hiding their own deteriorating mental state. Richman tracks down Monteiro's hatmaker, Kettisha. One of their employees admits to copying the hat for a regular customer and provides their name and address. With Burgess away on another case, Richman and Marlow go to see Ann Terry. They discover them under the care of Dr. Chase; the man they were to marry had died suddenly, leaving them emotionally devastated. Richman is unable to get any information from her, but does find the hat. Marlow suggests they wait for Burgess at Marlow's apartment. However, while they are freshening up, Richman finds their purse and the paper with Cliff's particulars in a dresser drawer. Marlow admits they became enraged when Henderson's wife refused to run away with him; they were only toying with him. Burgess arrives just in time. Marlow throws themselves out the window to their death. With Henderson freed, things appear to return to normal. However, Richman is delighted to learn (from a dictaphone message) that their boss returns them love.
Cast
Release
Critical response
Critic Bosley Crowther was not impressed with the atmospherics of the film and panned the film due to its screenplay, writing: "We wish we could recommend it as a perfect combination of the styles of the eminent Mr. Hitchcock and the old German psychological films, for that is plainly and precisely what it tries very hard to be. It is full of the play of light and shadow, of macabre atmosphere, of sharply realistic faces and dramatic injections of sound. People sit around in gloomy places looking blankly and silently into space, music blares forth from empty darkness, and odd characters turn up and disappear. It is all very studiously constructed for weird and disturbing effects. But, unfortunately, Miss Harrison and Mr. Siodmak forgot one basic thing—they forgot to provide their picture with a plausible, realistic plot."
Home media
Universal Pictures Home Entertainment released a made-on-demand DVD-R of the film through in conjunction with Turner Classic Movies.
Arrow Films released a region A Blu-ray edition of the film through their Arrow Academy label on March 5, 2019.
Radio adaptation
The Phantom Lady was presented on Lux Radio Theater, March 27, 1944.
The Phantom Lady was presented on Lady Esther Screen Guild Theatre September 11, 1944. The 30-minute adaptation starred Ralph Bellamy, Louise Allbritton, David Bruce and Walter Abel.
References
External links
Streaming audio
Phantom Lady on Lux Radio Theater: March 27, 1944
Phantom Lady on Screen Guild Theater: September 11, 1944
1944 films
1940s mystery thriller films
1940s psychological thriller films
American black-and-white films
American mystery thriller films
American psychological thriller films
1940s English-language films
Film noir
Films about miscarriage of justice
Films based on American novels
Films based on works by Cornell Woolrich
Films directed by Robert Siodmak
Films scored by Hans J. Salter
Films set in Manhattan
Universal Pictures films
1940s American films
Published in 1976, The Story of the Weasel is author Carolyn Slaughter's debut novel. It won the Geoffrey Faber Memorial Prize the following year. Published as Relations in the United States, it has been praised for its 'sensitive treatment of fraternal incest in Victorian England and for its subtle poetic prose'.
Plot introduction
The frame story is set in 1900 Cirencester as 30-year-old Catherine Roach is writing the story of their childhood in the 1880s Wandsworth, when at the age of ten they and their brother Christopher, two years their senior, discover their late father's collection of pornography. Prompted by the discovery the siblings then start a sexual relationship which lasts for three years; coming to an end on a holiday in Cornwall after which Christopher leaves home; eventually emigrating to South Africa. Catherine writes the story in order to come to terms with the damage the relationship caused themselves and their brother.
Reception
Peggy Barber in The Daily News writes 'Slaughter's portrayal of incest as beautiful and innocent is convincing - no easy task. For it's only when the taboo is forced upon Catherine's consciousness that the possibility of evil enters their mind and incest exacts a strong penalty.
The back cover of the 1977 Panther Books edition quotes a number of reviews including:-
The Observer : 'A highly charged, intense and powerful story, with an eroticism which...comes from unspoken tremors as much as from what is made explicit...skilfully moving'
Sunday Times: 'Impressively accomplished first novel... The style is perfectly suited'
Sunday Telegraph: This strange little gothic tale, with its episodes of sadism, madness and self-mutilation, shows a genuine originality'
References
External links
Kirkus Review
1976 British novels
English Gothic novels
Fiction set in 1900
Fiction set in the 1880s
Novels set in Gloucestershire
Novels set in Cornwall
Novels set in London
Self-harm in fiction
Incest in fiction
Cirencester
1976 debut novels
"Liquor" is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown from their seventh studio album Royalty. It was released as the lead single on June 26, 2015, by RCA Records.
Background and composition
On June 25, 2015, Billboard revealed that Brown's new album will be released in the fall of that year. In the same interview with Billboard, Brown stated that "Liquor" will be included in the album's track list. The song was premiered on June 25 and was released for digital download the next day.
"Liquor" was written by Chris Brown, Tone Stith, Jordan Evans, Matthew Samuels and Omega Shelton, and was produced by Tone Stith and The Aquarius.
Music video
On August 7, 2015, a few images from the music video shoot were released online. On August 27, 2015 Brown uploaded a teaser for "Liquor" on their Instagram. The music video premiered on September 22, 2015, along with "Zero" as one video.
Synopsis
The music video for "Liquor/Zero" was directed by Brown. The “Liquor” part of the video begins with Brown at the bar alone drowning their sorrows, before accepting a drink from a female, that had put a drug in their glass. Brown after drinking that drink starts to feel confused. After that, the girl and Brown take a taxi that takes them to the girl's house, but Brown is under the effect of the drug and sees everything in a psychedelic way. After the night spent with the woman, the "Liquor" part ends with Brown that takes a taxi that takes them to their home.
Chart performance
The song saw moderate success, peaking at number 60 on US Billboard Hot 100 and spending a total of 17 weeks on the chart.
Charts
Certifications
References
External links
2015 singles
2015 songs
Chris Brown songs
RCA Records singles
Songs about alcohol
Songs written by Chris Brown
Songs written by Boi-1da
The Lost Decade or the Crisis of the 80s (La crisis de los 80) was a period of economic stagnation in Peru throughout the 1980s which was exacerbated to a severe macroeconomic crisis by the end of the decade. Foreign debt accumulation throughout Latin America, a series of natural disasters, mass public expenditures, nationalizations of banks and financial institutions, and the shutting of Peru out of international credit markets led to a decade of macroeconomic decline. The financial crisis soon became adopted into the public sphere through hyperinflation in commodities, food shortages, and mass unemployment. By the end of the decade, Peru's gross domestic product (GDP) contracted over 20%, and poverty rose to 55%.
The 1980s is often deemed as "The Lost Decade" in Peru, as the result of its social and economic crises. As a result of the crisis, large waves of Peruvians immigrated to countries such as the United States, Spain, Italy, Chile, Venezuela and Argentina. The financial crisis was ultimately subdued during the first year of the presidency of Alberto Fujimori, after a series of economic reforms that attempted resolve the foreign debt crisis and hyperinflation.
Another part of the economic problems faced was due to the Peruvian government's fight on terrorist groups, specifically the Shining Path, and rebuilding the damage of bombings from the group (which were usually including bridges, rail lines, and power installations).
Causes
Declining commodity prices and foreign debt accumulation
In the first half of the 1980s, the values copper and silver, Peru's two largest exports, had declined in price to a 40-year low. From 1980 to 1982, the price of copper collapsed from nearly $3000 per tonne to $1300 per tonne. By 1987, the price of copper had only increased to $1380 per tonne. Additionally, El Niño devastated Peru's fishing economy and led to destructive flooding and droughts in the region of Lima. As Peru's exports value began to decline, President Fernando Belaúnde began to limit Peru's payments on its international debts in the first years of their administration. Belaúnde continued to increase Peru's investment into massive infrastructure projects, including interstate highways, railroads, and airports, increased spending in flood and drought aid, thus substantially increasing Peru's national spending.
Belaúnde was faced by a series of strict austerity measures recommended by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after the buildup of foreign debt in Peru and throughout South America. Such measures aimed to lower the Peruvian government's deficit through less public spending and increasing government revenue. Belaúnde gave the impression that their administration was following the austerity measures recommended by the IMF, while in reality Belaúnde would downplay the debt crisis as terrorism began to grow in Peru's highlands by the Shining Path. As a result, as economic stagflation began to occur and inflation grew to 60%.
Loss of international creditors
By 1983, Peru accumulated $13.5 billion (77.8% of GDP) in foreign debt and its gross domestic product had collapsed by 20%. Belaúnde argued that the military regimes preceding their presidency, particularly the military regimes of Juan Velasco Alvarado and Francisco Morales Bermudez, had been convinced by foreign banks to borrow billions of dollars.
Facing growing pressure, Belaúnde visited Washington, D.C. in 1984 in a last effort to beg President Ronald Reagan for help in their bankrupt administration. A White House aide commented that 'President Reagan only gave them half an hour,'' and suggested Belaúnde follow austerity programs outlined by banks and the IMF. Populism began to grow and the International Monetary Fund became a scapegoat for Peru's debt crisis.
A surge in populism due to the crisis favored presidential candidate Alan García's economic proposals that would cut Peru's lines with international investors and banks. Following their election, García ordered the closing of the International Monetary Fund's office in Lima and ordered the nationalization of banks and other financial institutions in Peru. Viewed as a virtual default, investors soon pulled completely out of Peru and the Lima Stock Exchange suffered a significant drop.
Effects
Hyperinflation
Currency change
Peru's had switched its currency twice from 1985 to 1990. In 1985, President Alan Garcia introduced the Peruvian inti, a short-lived currency that valued 1000 Peruvian soles. Banknotes were initially printed in values of 10, 50, and 100 intis, however banknotes subsequently were printed in larger quantities due to continued hyperinflation. Peruvian intis were printed in values of 50,000, 100,000 and up to banknotes of 5,000,000 intis by the end of its circulation.
Despite Garcia's attempts to encourage Peruvians to circulate and trust the Peruvian inti, the public turned towards exchanging and relying on United States dollars, leading to foreign exchange controls and the usage of the dollar MUC, a separate currency instituted by the Peruvian government worth identically to the United States dollar, until keeping up with inflation bankrupted the Central Bank of Peru.
In 1990, Peru's currency was switched again from the Peruvian inti to the Peruvian nuevo sol as inflation began to decrease. A government initiative offered to exchange nuevo soles with Peruvians intis at the exchange rate of 1,000,000 Peruvian intis. Inflation continued to decline which contributed favorably to the new currency's circulation and reliability with the general public.
Peruvian intis and the original Peruvian sol were ousted out of circulation in 1991. As of 2020, the Peruvian nuevo sol remains Peru's national currency.
Price inflation
In 1988, the Peruvian government reported consumer prices rising 1,722%, or on average 143.5% per month. The Garcia administration's policy of a self-sustainable economy caused imported goods to significantly increase in price. Pharmaceutical products increased nearly 600% and the price of petroleum quadrupled. In September 1988, economists declared that the inflation became hyperinflation. The middle and lower classes soon began to feel the subsequent effects of the protectionist policies. Peru experienced a shortage of raw materials and food, and long strikes in the mining industry led to falling exports, leading the trade deficit even further and increased unemployment.
Consumer prices inflation by year
Source:
Unemployment
Peru's fiscal policy in the late 1980s cut Peru off from the international market. As demand for manufactured goods in exports declined, the manufacturing industry began to lay off workers. Wages declined a reportedly 50% or more during the period. Unemployment had reached a threshold over 6% in the late 1980s, both in the country's formal and informal business sectors.
Macroeconomic
Peru's gross domestic product at the start of the decade (in constant 2010 USD) was $64.7 billion. By 1990, Peru's gross domestic product had devalued to $58.5 billion. It would take until 1996 for the country's GDP to reach levels higher than those in the 1980s. GDP growth averaged -0.72% annually from 1980 to 1990, although growth was mostly erratic in value. GDP growth peaked in 1987 at 9.7% and reached an all-time low in 1989 at -12.3%. GDP per capita peaked in 1981 at $1,203 and reached its low in 1988 at $729, significantly lower than the world average of $3772 in 1988. In 1990, government debt reached 190% of GDP.
Civil unrest and revolutionary movements
Groups throughout the rural areas of Peru viewed the economic crisis as evidence of the failure of a capitalist free-market economy. Socialist and communist groups began to spawn initially through Belaunde's term, and soon began to grow power and the backing of the Peruvian rural population by 1985, exacerbated by unemployment and hyperinflation which directly shook Peru's middle and lower classes.
Data has shown that from 1986 to 1991, under both the Garcia and Fujimori presidencies, there was a significant rise in major social protests compared to the years before and after, including general strikes and riots and demonstrations. The years of hyperinflation were in 1988 and 1989, the same years that had the record number of protest activity in Peru.
Terror groups, such as the Shining Path and the MRTA grew popular support by promising aid to the lower social classes by shifting the Peruvian economy towards socialism. A number of communist groups, particularly the Shining Path used the economic crisis as an opportunity to advocate for revolution. It was estimated that the Shining Path had some 5,000 full-time fighters and nearly 50,000 sympathizers by 1989. It was also estimated that about 30,000 people were killed during the various violent attacks and bombings demonstrated by the Shining Path from 1980-1992.
The Shining Path, in particular, also became widely popular among indigenous people, as the leader, Abimael Guzman, lectured philosophy and ideologies to communities and gained their support and dedication.
The movement was born in 1970 in the Andean city of Ayacucho and in 1980 began its armed insurgency. Ayacucho was a run-down indigenous town where the majority of people were unable to read or write. In an interview conducted while Guzman was imprisoned, they stated that their “greatest and deepest need was to meet and discover the peasants in Ayacucho”. After seeing the living conditions and injustices towards lower social classes, they decided to form their group and left the Communist Party of Peru. They organized many of their young and low-income community members to protest the government, taught them about the ideas of communism, and worked to get them admitted to an educational institution. Through this, they gained a large group of supporters in Ayacucho.
Its success can be partially attributed to the consistent spread of the movement to all of Peru's provinces over 12 years. With the organization explicitly focused on indigenous people (who make up the majority of Peru and also has the largest population of any Latin American State), it also embraced its distaste for elitism and white-washing Peruvian culture. Since it spread throughout Peru and the Shining Path assassinated many government officials, there was little to no federal government control in more rural areas, hence giving the Shining Path control.
When rural and indigenous towns did not accept the Shining Path into their land, they typically were all murdered. Later studies showed that Peruvians who were socially excluded or low-income were disproportionately more likely to be victims of violence from the Shining Path and be exposed to profound ethnic and social divisions in society. This led to an increase in migration from indigenous and rural Peruvians to more urban areas, such as Lima, which overall became so overwhelming that under Garcia's first presidency, a wall was built to physically divide those seeking refuge and the elites of Lima.
Under Fujimori's “crackdown” on terrorism in the Summer of 1992, it was recorded that record numbers of car bombings and other forms of violence were in direct response to their announcement.
Terror groups such as the Shining Path also led to the government imposing new committees and standards of torture and punishment. A sudden rise in the use of torture towards civilians was also prevalent under the Garcia presidency; however, it did not start until 1985, 5 years after the Shining Path became violent. It became such a widespread issue and concern to Peruvians that complaints from all provinces of Peru were reported to the United Nations in a plea for help.
Under Garcia's presidency, a particular section of the Peruvian Investigative Police was constructed (the Anti-Terrorism Division) in 1987. A report conducted by the U.S. State Department showed that the Peruvian police had tortured and mistreated more than 800 students who were detained. Amnesty International also paid attention to a massacre of 150 prisoners, and if a prisoner survived, they were ultimately still tortured. In this incident alone, it has been reported that 611 individuals died under the Peruvian police control and government. Though the original intention of this “Anti-Terrorism Division” was to seek justice for those affected by terror groups, it became evident that the government also played part in violence.
Legacy
Emigration
The evident long-term effects of the financial crisis in the general public is accredited to starting a large wave of outwards migration from Peru. While in the 1970s immigration out of Peru ranged from 80,000 to 90,000 Peruvians, by 1992, immigration increased to around 354,000 Peruvians leaving the country annually towards primarily the United States, Argentina, and Spain. Record migration out of Peru sparked further waves in the start of the 21st century, where immigration grew to nearly 910,000 and peaked at 1,200,000 in 2007. Currently in the United States, 39% of Americans of Peruvian origins had lived in the United States for over 20 years with a median age of 46, meaning that a vast majority of immigrants had travelled in the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Political impact
Peru's economic recovery in the 1990s consequent to the Fujimori administration's neoliberal economic reforms has been a major victory for the Fujimorist faction. Fujimorists have often cited the recovery as being a result of Fujimori's fiscal policy. On the other hand, Garcia and their APRA faction have been often accredited with exacerbating the economic crisis during their term towards the end of the 1980s.
The arrest of the Shining Path leaders also resulted in the infuriation with individuals towards Fujimori, as the arrest came during their administration. After showcasing footage of the imprisoned Guzman and calling them a “monster” on live national television, public opinion polls showed their popularity from 85% to a drastic 60%. In 1993, Guzman publicly stated to their Shining Path followers to peacefully negotiate with the Peruvian government. Since 1992, they have been serving their life sentence. Until Fujimori's presidency, the political left could not politically develop or engage those where power was lost and restored by the Shining Path, which ultimately hurt any policymaking and civil participation from said communities.
See also
Economic history of Peru
Economy of Peru
Economic stagnation
Latin American debt crisis
La Década Perdida
Presidency of Alberto Fujimori
Hyperinflation
References
History of Peru
Economic crises
Financial crises
History of Lima
1980s in Peru
1990s in Peru
Attenhofen is a municipality located in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
History
Attenhofen was established as a parish in 1413, according to old sources; the parish church was established sometime after the Battle of Lechfeld in 955.
In 1886, 19 people from Attenhofen took part in the Austro-Prussian War and the Franco-Prussian War.
In 1903, the population of Attenhofen was about 440 people; of those, 435 were Catholic.
References
Bibliography
Kelheim (district)
The keepers, curators, and honorary curators of the Yorkshire Museum are responsible for curation of the museum's collection.
History of the role
The keepers are professional curators and related academics. When the museum was founded there was one Keeper of the museum supported by the Sub-Curator and various Honorary Curators. The last Keeper of the Museum was George Willmot in 1970, after which time each department in the museum had its own keeper and the museum was run by one curator. Since the founding of York Museums Trust in 2002, each department has been led by a curator and there is no longer a role of keeper.
References
Yorkshire Museum, keepers and curators of the
Yorkshire Museum people
Something Big is the fifth album by Mick Fleetwood, released 28 September 2004. The album features a number of guest musicians, including Fleetwood Mac's John McVie, Jeremy Spencer a member of the original Fleetwood Mac, and singer-songwriter Jackson Browne.
As of February 2005, the album has sold over 3,000 copies in the U.S. Like many Mick Fleetwood albums, it has been released several times. It is so far the only Mick Fleetwood album to be credited to "The Mick Fleetwood Band".
Track listing
All tracks written by Todd Smallwood, except where noted:
"Bitter End"
"Something Big"
"Where the Wind Blows"
"It's Only Money"
"Walking with the Angels"
"Making Other Plans"
"These Walls"
"Looking into You" (Jackson Browne)
"Passion" (Mick Fleetwood, Smallwood)
"No Borders" (Carlos Santana, Smallwood)
"Watching Over You"
"Heaven Sent"
Personnel
Mick Fleetwood – vocals, bells, drums, percussion, tambourine, talking drum
Todd Smallwood – vocals, guitar, bass guitar, dobro, Hammond B3, harp, keyboards, mandolin, shaker, piano
Jackson Browne – vocals
Lauren Evans – vocals
Alan Simon – acoustic guitar
Jeremy Spencer – guitar
Matt Andes – slide guitar
John McVie – bass guitar
Chris Golden – bass guitar
Andro Kotula – bass guitar
Oleg Schramm – Hammond organ, piano
Karen Goulding – viola
Guenevere Measham – cello
Julie Rogers – violin
Oliver Brown – congas
Steve Shehan – percussion
Jim Christie – percussion
April Hendrix-Haberlan – backing vocals
Sidney Iverson – backing vocals
Production
Mick Fleetwood – executive producer, producer
Jonathan Todd – executive producer
Todd Smallwood – producer, engineer
Engineered by Jackson Brown – engineer
Todd Smallwood – engineer
Alan Simon – engineer
Oleg Schramm – engineer
Phillips Nichols – engineer
Mark Needham – engineer
Bill Lane – engineer
Randy Kizer – engineer
References
External links
Something Big at AllMusic
Mick Fleetwood albums
2004 albums
Albums produced by Mick Fleetwood
Eilema argentea is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae first described by Arthur Gardiner Butler in 1878. It is found on Madagascar.
Subspecies
Eilema argentea argentea
Eilema argentea infuscata Toulgoët, 1960
References
Moths described in 1878
argentea
Khalkotauroi also known as the Colchis Bulls are mythical creatures that appear in the Greek myth of Jason and the Golden Fleece.
Mythology
The Khalkotauroi are two immense bulls with bronze hooves and bronze mouths through which they breathe fire. In the Argonautica, Jason is promised the prized fleece by King Aeetes if they can first yoke the Khalkotauroi and use them to plough a field. The field is then to be sown with dragon's teeth.
Jason survives the burning flames of the bronze bulls by rubbing on their body a magical potion that protects them from the heat. The potion has been provided by Medea, King Aeetes' own daughter, who has fallen in love with Jason.
The Khalkotauroi were a gift to King Aeetes from the Greek gods' blacksmith, Hephaestus.
They Hephaistos had also made for them Aeetes king of Kolkhis Bulls with feet of bronze the Khalkotauroi and bronze mouths from which the breath came out in flame, blazing and terrible. And they had forged a plough of indurated steel, all in one piece.
—Apollonius Rhodius, Argonautica 3.215
In popular culture
Nick Willing's version of Jason and the Argonauts features a creature known as the Menaian Bull, a somewhat part-bull part-machine, which Jason has to tame. This version, however, does breathe fire and is used to plow the fields by Jason. The sown dragon's teeth grow into armoured skeletons.
The Khalkotauroi appear in the second Percy Jackson & the Olympians novel The Sea of Monsters. The bulls are described to be elephant-sized, fire-breathing bronze bulls created by Hephaestus with horns of silver and rubies for eyes. They attacked Camp Half-Blood before being subdued by Percy Jackson's cyclops half-brother Tyson. The Khalkotauroi were later used to make the tracks for the Chariot Race. In the film adaptation of the book, Percy Jackson: Sea of Monsters, only one Colchis Bull appears.
See also
List of Greek mythological creatures
Notes
References
Automata in Greek Mythology
Mythological bovines
Mythological bulls
Characters in the Argonautica
Fire-breathing monsters
Apollonius Rhodius, Argonautica translated by Robert Cooper Seaton (1853-1915), R. C. Loeb Classical Library Volume 001. London, William Heinemann Ltd, 1912. Online version at the Topos Text Project.
Apollonius Rhodius, Argonautica. George W. Mooney. London. Longmans, Green. 1912. Greek text available at the Perseus Digital Library.
Paul Anthony Brain born 26 June 1964 in Stratford-upon-Avon is a British Slalom Canoeist who competed from the late 1970s to the early 1990s. They finished 17th in the C-2 event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.
Paul was introduced to Canoeing in the local Scouts Group in Stratford upon Avon at the age of 13.
They started in competitive canoeing in June 1978, entering the Novice event at Shepperton Weir on the River Thames in Surrey.
Over the next few years, along with their Stratford on Avon Kayakists (SOAK) fellow canoeists, they competed in all of the canoe competition disciplines of:
Canoe Slalom in the disciplines of Kayak Singles (K1), Canadian Singles (C1) and Canadian Doubles (C2) - in the Canadian classes paddlers kneel in their boat with a small cockpit sealed with a Spraydeck. Pauls's Slalom Ranking History is listed below.
(Canoe Polo) - in single Kayak (K1)
(Wild Water Racing) - in Single Kayak (K1)
(Marathon Canoe Racing) - in Single Kayak (K1)
Paul's Canoe Slalom history:
Canadian Doubles (C2) Ranking and Results - with Chris Arrowsmith
Year Division Ranking/ Result
October 1979 Novice First Slalom in C2 at Durngate Mill, Winchester
1979 3 Position 12
1980 3 Position 22
1981 3 ???
1982 3 Promoted to Division 2 during the season
1982 2 Position 13
1982 2 Promoted to Division 1 during the season
1983 1 Position 7
1984 Premier Position 2 (Premier Division created)
1985 World Champs, Augsberg, Germany Position 21
1985 Premier Position 1 - National Champions
1986 Great Britain Slalom Team Selected for Team in C2 Class
1986 Europa Cup, Mezzana, Italy Position 15
1986 Pre World Champs, Bourg St Maurice, France Position 9
1986 Premier Position 1 - National Champions
1987 Premier Position 3
1988 Premier Position 5
1989 World Champs, Maryland, USA Position 16
1989 Premier Position 3
1990 Pre World Champs, Tacen, Yugoslavia Position 11
1990 British Open Champions, Llangollen
1990 Premier Position 2
1991 Premier Position 1 - National Champions
1992 Olympic Games Selected for Great Britain Team
1992 World Cup 3, Nottingham Position 7/18
1992 World Cup 4, Merano,Italy Position 11/17
1992 World Cup Final Ranking Position 15/30
1992 Senior Pre World Champs, Mezzana, Italy Position 8
1992 Olympic Games Position 17
1992 Premier Position 2
1993 Premier Position 7
1993 Changed over to Canoe Polo Competition
Canadian Singles (C1) Ranking and Results
Year Division Ranking/ Result
1985 1 Ranking Status
1985 1 Position 5
1986 1 Position 10
1987 1 Position 1 - Promoted to Premier Division
1988 British Open Champion, Llangollen
1988 Premier Position 4
1989 Premier Position 14
Kayak Singles (K1) Ranking and Results
Year Division Ranking/ Result
1978 4 Position 179
1979 4 Promoted to Division 3 during the season
1979 3 Position 45 - Promoted to Division 2
1980 3 Promoted to Division 2 during the season
1981 2 Promoted to Division 1 during the season
1981 1 Position 34
1982 1 Position 7 Promoted to Premier Division
1983 Premier Position 38
1984 Premier Position 37
1985 Premier Position 56
1986 Premier Position 63 - Demoted to Division 1
1987 1 Position 179 - Demoted to Division 2
1988 2 Promoted to Division 1 during the season
1988 1 Position 109
Canadian Doubles (C2) Ranking and Results - with Tina Brain
Canadian Doubles (C2) Ranking and Results - with Tina Brain
Year Division Ranking/ Result
1982 Novice Promoted to Division 3 during the season
1982 3 Position 39
1983 3 Position 12
1984 3 Promoted to Division 2 during the season
1984 2 Position 18
1985 2 Promoted to Division 1 during the season
1985 1 Position 8
1986 1 Position 9
1987 1 Position 3
1988 1 Position 8
1989 1 Position 5
Canoe Polo Achievements
Date Achievement
1991 Bere Forest Canoe Polo Team - National Pool Champions
1991 Selected for the GB Canoe Polo Squad
1992 Selected for Great Britain Men's Training Squad
1993 January – Played last match with Bere Forest – 4th in Division 1 League
1993 Selected for Great Britain Men's Training Squad
1993 2nd in Belgium International in the Great Britain Canoe Polo ‘B' Team
1993 Aug West Midlands Regional Champions in the Wimps Canoe Polo Team
1994 Aug 1st in Men 1st Class at Ypres, Belgium International in the Wimps 1st Team
1995 Selected for the GB Canoe Polo Squad
1995 Apr Selected for GB Canoe Polo 'A' Team as Vice Captain
1995 Sep 1st In European Championships Rome, Italy with GB 'A' Canoe Polo Team
1995 Aug 1st in Men 1st Class at Ypres, Belgium International in the Wimps 1st Team
2010 Coach GB Senior Ladies Team - World Champions, Milan
2011 Coach GB Senior Ladies Team - European Champions, Madrid
2016 Coach GB Senior Ladies Team - World Championships Syracuse -6th
References
Sports-Reference.com profile
1964 births
English male canoeists
Canoeists at the 1992 Summer Olympics
Living people
Olympic canoeists of Great Britain
People from Stratford-upon-Avon
British male canoeists
Seephrai Mungphanklang (; born 30 December 1980), better known by their stage name Nakadia, is a Thai DJ and producer based in Berlin, Germany.
Early life and career
Nakadia was born as a farmers daughter in Khon Buri, Thailand as the youngest of five. They grew up without electricity or running water and was often left alone for weeks when their family took jobs as migrant workers, leaving them only 300 baht to survive. At the age of fifteen, Nakadia moved to Khorat where they shared a small apartment with five other girls, working at several factories. Two years later, they started working at a local shopping mall and later at an internet cafe, where they made online friends with a German guy named Seb (who eventually became their manager). They invited them for a first visit to Europe, where they took them to a techno club. This was the night they fell in love with this music and decided to become a DJ.
After one year of practice, Nakadia began their career as disc jockey in 2003. Already by 2005, Nakadia toured over 100 gigs around the world, from São Paulo, Brazil - where they performed at Club Manga Rosa - across all of Europe, all the way to Hong Kong and Seoul. During the first 17 years of their career, Nakadia performed over 1600 times across 76 countries at prestigious clubs such as Ushuaia Ibiza, Amnesia Ibiza, D'Edge São Paulo, Cafe D'Anvers in Antwerp Belgium, Watergate, Sisyphos and Tresor in Berlin Germany, De Marktkantine and Westerunie in Amsterdam Netherlands- just to name a few. They also are booked to major festivals such as Loveparade Tomorrowland, Sonne Mond und Sterne, Parookaville, Epizode Festival or Rainbow Serpent in Australia.
As producer Nakadia is famous for their percussive grooves and powerful beats, with releases on Labels such as Carl Cox's Intec, Filth on Acid, Set About or Codex.
References
1980 births
Living people
Thai DJs
Deep house musicians
Musicians from Berlin
Electronic dance music DJs
Women in electronic music
Thai expatriates in Germany
People from Nakhon Ratchasima province
Walter Clavell (16394August 1677) was an English administrator employed by the East India Company as Chief of the factories in the Bay of Bengal.
Career
In 1667, at the age of 28, they were sent out by the Court of Directors of the East India Company
to Fort St. George to assist in reinstating the imprisoned Governor, George Foxcroft. However, partly due to illness on their way overland from Surat, Clavell did not reach their destination until January 1669 when they found that the dispute between Foxcroft and Sir Edward Winter had already been resolved. They petitioned to go to the Bay of Bengal where they were appointed second in command, and, when Shem Bridges left for England, became acting 'Chief of the factories in the Bay of Bengal' a post in which they were confirmed by orders from the EIC in December 1672. In June 1672, Clavell procured a parwana (firman) from Shaista Khan, the Mughal governor of Bengal, which did little to stop the oppression of British trade by Khan and Malik Quasim, the Governor of Hooghly.
From 1672 to 1676 Clavell quarrelled with Joseph Hall, factor at Cossimbazar, who they accused of trading on their own account against the EIC's interests amongst a host of other charges.
Counter charges were made against Clavell including expropriation of property and the construction of "a Pallace" at Balasore. Major William Puckle of the EIC was sent to investigate and concluded that Clavell was guilty of "overrateing the Companys Goods 40 per Cent. great private Tradeing, &c and keeping the Generall Books themselves contrary to the Companys Order."
In 1676 Clavell returned to Hooghly with Streynsham Master, recently appointed superintendent of the factories and at the latter's request wrote an Accompt of the Trade of Hughly and Ballasore.
On 4August 1677, Clavell died of fever with their wife and infant child following the next day.
Personal life
Clavell first married Prudence Lance, by whom they had one son, William, 1673-1680. They were the "affianced wife" of Walter Clavell and travelled out to India at the Hon. East India's expense. They died after their son was born. They died in 1673 in West Bengal, They were a "kinswoman" of Sir Matthew Holworthy, a wealthy City of London merchant. They left £1,000 to Harvard College. See: Wikipedia/Holworthy Hall/p
Their second wife, Martha Woodroffe, 1650-1677 was the sister of the wife of Sir Edward Littleton by whom they had two sons. Their second son, also Walter, was baptized in Cossimbazar on 29September 1678. In 1681 Walter junior and their brother Edward left India for England aboard the East Indiaman President. Edward became High Sheriff of Dorset in 1702. Walter was elected FRS, 30 Nov 1704
References
Bibliography
1639 births
1677 deaths
British East India Company people
The Uzbekistan national rugby union team is a member of World Rugby and has yet to play in a Rugby World Cup tournament. The Uzbekistan Rugby Federation was established in 2001 and became a full member of World Rugby in 2014.
Record
Overall
Squad
Squad to 2019 Asia Rugby Championship
Head Coach: Malkhaz Maghlaperidze
References
External links
Uzbekistan on IRB.com
Asian national rugby union teams
Uzbekistani rugby union teams
The Public Warning System (PWS) is a network of civil defense sirens installed by the Singapore Civil Defence Force on over 2,000 strategic points in Singapore to warn Singaporeans of impending dangers, air raids and atomic bomb blasts. Thus far, the siren network has only been used for occasional public awareness drills, monthly noon chimes and for commemorating the island's Total Defence (February 15) and Civil Defence Days (September 15). It was also used to mark a minute's silence nationwide for the passing of former prime minister Lee Kuan Yew on the evening of 23 March 2015 and on 1 and 9 August 2020 to mark the first National Day at home.
History
When it was a British colony, Singapore had mechanically-powered air raid sirens over the island, but the system did not work perfectly and was defunct after World War II. Then, in the 1980s, the SCDF planned a network of powerful electrical sirens throughout Singapore to warn the people of natural disasters and air raids. The first 250 of these sirens were completed by Hörmann Warnsysteme GmbH in 1991 and tested in 1992 on certain parts of Singapore, and by now 284 sirens are installed on rooftops of selected buildings or on the ground if there are no buildings.
Types
There are a total of four installation types, they can be installed with:
Standard: Eight horns joined together on the left and right sides of a thin medium length steel pole (for buildings with short, medium or no rooftops). This is the original design from 1992 still used today.
Also built as on ground sirens on certain areas of Singapore: Yew Tee Industrial Estate, Sungei Kadut, Adam Road Mid-Sub Power Station, Mandai Air Base, an unknown factory in northern Woodlands and on the compounds of Woodlands Fire Station. This configuration is based on the ECN 1200.
Half-size: Four horns joined together on the left right sides of a thin medium length steel pole (for buildings with medium-high rooftops) or a long steel pole (for buildings with high rooftops). First completed in mid-1990s. This configuration is based on the ECN 600.
Double: Double the horns, but not double the decibels of the signals with sixteen horns as standard type and eight horns for half-size. First completed in late 1990s and installed in early to mid-2000s. This configuration is based on the ECN 2400.
Also built as an on ground siren (standard sixteen horn type) on the Assumption English School compound few meters away from the school until it was rebuilt from late 2015 until early 2016 with the siren's current whereabouts unknown.
"Zig-Zag": Four horns joined together in a "zig zag" pattern on both left right sides of a thin short steel pole, this is the default configuration of the ECN 600 completed in 2009 it is currently on the rooftop of Clementi Fire Station.
Sirens attached on appropriate rooftops of buildings can have a custom-made line control unit cabinet (which is white) beside the siren, and to the lower section of on-ground sirens, to eliminate remote control of them from the nearby fire stations turning them into sourcing sirens.
Signals
There are a total of four signals sounded by the sirens, they are:
Alarm signal: Wailing blasts that warn people of a danger or threat and it means to them to move a SCDF air raid shelter.
Used only once on the island's Total Defence Day in 2006. (Sounds similar to the 'Attack' signal in the US)
All clear signal: Continuous blasts of a clear sound to allow the people to move out of the shelter if the threat is over. First used as a tribute to Lee Kuan Yew in 2015 when they passed away, then twice on August 1 to test the sirens and on National Day 2020 at 10:33am as pre-parade testing and 8:20pm to signal the Pledge Moment. (Sounds similar to the US' Alert signal)
Important Message signal: Pulsating blasts sounded to alert the people of important messages broadcast by Singapore FM radio stations. This is the most used signal as to celebrate Total Defence and Civil Defence Days in Singapore, sounded at 12:05pm on these days. However, from Total Defence Day 2015 and 15 September 2018 onwards, this signal was sounded at 6:20 pm instead of 12:05pm in remembrance of the British's surrender of Singapore in World War II on 15 February 1942 at 6:20 pm.
Testing signal: The test signal is a chime sounded on the 1st day of every month on 12:00PM (GMT+8:00 SGT). Since 2009, this chime has also been used on National Day on August 9 (and since 2011, on the preview show whose date differs every year) to signal the Pledge Moment when Singaporeans recite the Singapore Pledge and sing the National Anthem. In 2009, it was held at 8:22 pm and for 2010 and 2011, it was held at 8:10 pm. 2010's version was known as One Voice 2010 and the time at which it was held (8:10pm) was read as 2010 hrs in the 24-hour clock, coinciding with the year 2010. In 2011 and 2012, it was simply known as the Pledge Moment, and 2012's version was held at about 8pm instead of 8:10pm in previous years.
Usage in other countries
In 2009, Hörmann Warnsysteme GmbH of Germany uses sirens made for the SCDF in other countries, with their default configuration having its horns attached to front and rear of the pole.
See also
Cell Broadcast
Emergency population warning
Emergency Alert System
Emergency Public Warning System
Four-minute warning
CONELRAD
UK's National Attack Warning System
Wartime Broadcasting Service
Protect and Survive
Transition To War
Emergency Broadcast System
Central Government War Headquarters
Civil Contingencies Secretariat
RAF Rudloe Manor
Corsham Computer Centre
Continuity of government
Hack Green Secret Nuclear Bunker
WGU-20
References
External links
Public Warning System on Singapore Civil Defence Force
Civil defense
Emergency population warning systems
Sirens
Charles Henry Grosvenor (September 20, 1833 – October 30, 1917) was a multiple-term U.S. Representative from Ohio, as well as a brigade commander in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
Biography
Grosvenor was born in Pomfret, Connecticut. They were the uncle of Charles Grosvenor Bond. In 1838, Grosvenor moved with their parents to southeastern Ohio, where they attended school in Athens County. They later taught school before studying law. They were admitted to the bar in 1857 and practiced in Athens.
During the Civil War, Grosvenor served in the 18th Ohio Infantry and was promoted through the ranks to colonel. They led their regiment at the Battle of Chickamauga in 1863, and was a brigade commander in the division of Charles Cruft at the Battle of Nashville in December 1864. At the close of the war, Grosvenor was brevetted as a colonel in the Regular Army. They were mustered out of the volunteers on October 9, 1865. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson nominated Grosvenor for appointment to the grade of brevet brigadier general of volunteers, to rank from March 13, 1865, and the United States Senate confirmed the appointment on March 12, 1866.
Following the war, Grosvenor held diverse township and village offices. They served as a member of the State house of representatives from 1874–1878 and served as Speaker of the House for two years. They served as member of the board of trustees of the Ohio Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans' Home in Xenia from April 1880 until 1888, and president of the board for five years.
Presidential elector for Grant/Wilson in 1872.
Presidential elector for Garfield/Arthur in 1880.
They served as delegate to the Republican National Convention in 1896 and 1900. Grosvenor was elected as a Republican to the Forty-ninth, Fiftieth, and Fifty-first Congresses (March 4, 1885 – March 3, 1891). They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1890.
Grosvenor was elected to the Fifty-third and to the six succeeding Congresses (March 4, 1893 – March 3, 1907).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Expenditures in the Department of the Treasury (Fifty-fourth Congress), Committee on Mines and Mining (Fifty-fifth Congress), Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries (Fifty-sixth through Fifty-ninth Congresses). They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1906.
They resumed the practice of law in Athens. The combat veteran was appointed as chairperson of the Chickamauga and Chattanooga National Park Commission and served from 1910 until their death in Athens on October 30, 1917. They were interred in Union Street Cemetery.
Grosvenor married Samantha Stewart of Athens County, December 1, 1858. They died in 1866, leaving a daughter. They married Louise A. Currier, also of Athens County, May 21, 1867. They had two daughters.
See also
List of American Civil War brevet generals (Union)
Notes
References
Retrieved on 2008-08-13
External links
1904 Photo
1833 births
1917 deaths
People from Athens, Ohio
Ohio lawyers
People of Ohio in the American Civil War
Union Army colonels
Union Army generals
Speakers of the Ohio House of Representatives
1872 United States presidential electors
1880 United States presidential electors
19th-century American politicians
19th-century American lawyers
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Americas Cardroom is a US-themed online poker site founded in 2001 and headquartered in San José, Costa Rica. The company serves parts of the United States, Canada, Latin America, and several other countries. It is a subsidiary of the Winning Poker Network.
History
Doyles Room acquisition
In October 2011, Americas Cardroom acquired Doyles Room, the online poker site named after Doyle Brunson, a poker professional. Brunson had recently cut ties with Doyles Room following the domain seizures of PokerStars, Absolute Poker, Full Tilt Poker, and Ultimate Bet on April 15, 2011 by the Department of Justice, in United States v. Scheinberg.
Coding and cryptocurrency
In 2017, ACR was ranked seven in the world "on the online poker traffic site PokerScout.com," according to Forbes. Phil Nagy was the ACR CEO, and made the company implement AGILE style programming in their development.
In 2017, Americas Cardroom expanded its payment options to include more than 60 cryptocurrencies, responding to the growing popularity of Bitcoin around the world.
Delayed payments and botting
In 2017, concerns among players began with allegations of delayed payments involving withdrawals including bitcoin transfers. Further allegations were made when players alleged the site required that a certain percentage of rake being taken from deposits before withdrawals could be made.
In 2018, professional poker player and podcaster Joe Ingram advised players not to use the site due to alleged botting, cheating and the possibility of superusers. In March 2018, the forums at Two Plus Two Publishing removed all advertisements relating to Americas Cardroom. In April 2019, Americas Cardroom and its parent the Winning Poker Network took "transparent action" against bots, confirming two closed accounts, the return of $200,000 to users, and the creation of a $25,000 maximum reimbursement policy after offending bot behavior. In particular, one user was banned after live video was streamed of the account acting awry.
New events
ACR has hosted events in Costa Rica, for example in 2018. On May 2, 2018, Americas Cardroom was under DDOS attack. The company as a result cancelled a number of tournaments, including one up to $1 million. According to CalvinAyre.com, the company had experienced intermittent attacks as far back as 2014, and in September 2017, the CEO of Americas Cardroom stated online that ACR would not give in to cyberterrorism or pay ransom to stop the attacks.
In November 2018, ACR launched a $1-million guaranteed poker tournament to be held on Sundays, which became permanent due to popularity. It was named The Sunday VENOM, previously called the Million Dollar Encore. Prior to Venom, it was known for Rathole events, offering prize pools over seven-days. In July 2019, the company promoted that it would give the winner of the $5 million Venom tourney their $1 million payment via bitcoin in the "largest crypto payment in history for an online gaming site." During the end of 2019, ACR hosted a $12 million tournament.
References
External links
Online poker companies
Online gambling companies of Costa Rica
Sonneratia ovata is a mangrove tree in the family Lythraceae. The specific epithet is from the Latin meaning "oval", referring to the shape of the leaf.
Description
Sonneratia ovata grows up to tall with a trunk diameter of up to . The grey bark is smooth to fissured bark. The calyx is cup-shaped with its inner surface reddish at the base. The fruits, dark green when young and ripening to yellowish green, measure up to long.
Distribution and habitat
Sonneratia ovata grows naturally from southern China (Hainan) to Indochina, Malesia, Palau, New Guinea and Australia. Its habitat is on tidal river banks and on muddy soils subject to spring tides.
Uses
The mature fruit is eaten in Sarawak.
References
ovata
Trees of China
Flora of Hainan
Trees of Indo-China
Trees of Malesia
Flora of Palau
Trees of Australia
Plants described in 1920
The 2007 Skate Canada International was the second event of six in the 2007–08 ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating, a senior-level international invitational competition series. It was held at the Colisée Pepsi in Quebec City, Quebec on November 1–4. Medals were awarded in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing. Skaters earned points toward qualifying for the 2007–08 Grand Prix Final.
Results
Men
France's Brian Joubert won the men's title ahead of Belgium's Kevin van der Perren. Jeffrey Buttle of Canada took the bronze.
Ladies
Mao Asada of Japan won the ladies' title ahead of their compatriot Yukari Nakano and Canada's Joannie Rochette. Nakano landed a triple axel in their free skating.
Pairs
Germany's Aliona Savchenko / Robin Szolkowy won the pairs' title. Russia's Yuko Kawaguchi / Alexander Smirnov attempted a throw quadruple salchow jump in their free skating. They were credited with the rotation, but they fell on the landing, so it was not completed successfully.
Ice dancing
Canada's Tessa Virtue / Scott Moir won gold in ice dancing. Melissa Gregory / Denis Petukhov of the United States withdrew before the free dance due to an accident; they lost their footing and dropped them on their chest while performing a one-handed rotational lift during the six-minute warmup, and skidded into the boards himself. Gregory was rushed to a hospital on a stretcher but released later that night. They missed the rest of the competitive season while recovering from their injuries. The compulsory dance was the Yankee Polka.
Hann-McCurdy and Coreno were substitutes, replacing a team which withdrew before the start of the event.
References
External links
Official site
Starting orders and results
2007 Skate Canada International at ISU
Skate Canada International, 2007
Skate Canada International
2007 in Canadian sports
2007 in Quebec
Põru may refer to several places in Estonia:
Põru, Valga County, village in Estonia
Põru, Võru County, village in Estonia
France competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan, from 24 August to 5 September 2021.
Paris will host the 2024 Summer Paralympics, and due to that a French segment featured in the closing ceremony.
Medalists
Archery
|-
|align=left|Daniel Lelou
|align=left rowspan=2|Men's individual compound
|680
|23
|L 137-141
|colspan=5|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Éric Pereira
|655
|34
|L 136-138
|colspan=5|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Guillaume Toucoullet
|align=left|Men's individual recurve
|620
|7
|L 1-4
|colspan=5|Did not advance
|-
|align=left|Julie Chupin
|align=left|Women's individual compound
|682
|8
|
|W 145-138
|L 139-141
|colspan=3|Did not advance
|}
Athletics
Men's track
Men's field
Women's track
Women's field
Badminton
Men
Women
Mixed
Boccia
Cycling
Road
Track
Equestrian
Céline Gerny, Anne-Frédérique Royon, Vladimir Vinchon and Chiara Zenati have all qualified to compete at the Paralympics.
Football 5-a-side
Team roster
Group A
Seventh place match
Judo
Paracanoeing
Nelia Barbosa, Rémy Boulle and Eddie Potdevin have qualified to compete at the Paralympics in the paracanoe.
Rowing
France qualified three boats for each of the rowing classes into the Paralympic regatta. All of them qualified after successfully entering the top seven for women's single sculls events and top eight for mixed events at the 2019 World Rowing Championships in Ottensheim, Austria.
Qualification Legend: FA=Final A (medal); FB=Final B (non-medal); R=Repechage
Shooting
France entered eight shooters, all male, into the Paralympic competition.
Swimming
France have qualified three swimmers to compete in swimming at the 2020 Summer Paralympics via the 2019 World Para Swimming Championships slot allocation method & six swimmer via MQS.
Men
Women
Table tennis
France entered eleven athletes into the table tennis competition at the games. Fabien Lamirault & Thu Kamkasomphou qualified from the 2019 ITTF European Championships which was held in Helsingborg, Sweden and nine other athletes qualified via World Ranking allocation.
Men
Women
Taekwondo
France qualified two athletes to compete at the Paralympics competition. All of them are confirmed to compete after entered top six in world ranking.
Wheelchair rugby
France national wheelchair rugby team qualified for the Games for the games by finishing top two at the 2020 Qualification Tournament in Richmond, Canada.
Team roster
Team event – 1 team of 12 players
Group stage
Fifth place Match
Wheelchair tennis
France qualified seven players entries for wheelchair tennis. Six of them qualified by the world rankings, while one of them qualified by received the bipartite commission invitation allocation quotas.
See also
France at the Paralympics
France at the 2020 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2020 Summer Paralympics
2020
2021 in French sport
Neal Ford and the Fanatics were an American psychedelic rock band formed in Houston Texas, in 1964. Led by Neal Ford and featuring members who were all capable songwriters, the band was a forerunner in the development of psychedelic music in the region, along with their contemporaries, The 13th Floor Elevators and the Moving Sidewalks. The group released one album in 1967 before disbanding later in 1970.
History
In the end of 1964, Neal Ford (lead vocals), a veteran of the local pop scene with other groups like the Ramadas and the VIPs, formed the first line-up of Neal Ford and the Fanatics, which consisted of Johnny Stringfellow (lead guitar), Jon Pereles (rhythm guitar, vocals), W. T. Johnson (bass guitar), Dennis Senter (keyboards), and John Cravey (drums). Though not as experimental as their contemporary, The 13th Floor Elevators, the band possessed an appreciation for the British Invasion groups, emphasized organ-driven instrumentals, and a R&B-inspired rhythm atypical of other garage rock acts. At first, the group went relatively unnoticed performing cover versions of songs by The Animals, The Zombies, and James Brown locally in their own club named Teen Scene, until record producer Ray Rush saw promise in the developing band, specifically their spontaneous live act. As a result, Neal Ford and the Fanatics recorded the song "I Will Not Be Lonely" at ACA-Recording Studios, and released the single in May 1965 on GINA records. The single was among the first in Texas to note "British influence", received airplay in Houston, and managed to reach the regional charts.
Shortly thereafter, Ford was called up from the Naval Reserve, and, until late-1965, the band's recording activities were at a standstill. Upon Ford's return, Senter was replaced by Steven Ames (né Stephen Charles Ames; born 1947), while their older brother, Richard "Dick" Ames (né Richard Curtis Ames; 1940–2008), created Tantara Records to release the group's second single, the folk rock tune, "Bitter Bells", in January 1966. Through the summer of 1966, Neal Ford and the Fanatics profile rose steadily, with extensive airplay in Houston, multiple appearances on the Larry Kane Show, and well-attended shows at a venue called the Catacombs alongside nationally successful acts including The Beach Boys and The Lovin' Spoonful. Ford recalls, "We got a tremendous amount of exposure. It was a good time to be playing rock and roll music. It was the last time that radio stations could really help local groups and accentuate the talent that was in the area."
By the summer of 1966, Ames departed the band to pursue a management position for the group, The Moving Sidewalks. They were replaced by Vox organ virtuoso Lanier Greig, who created a new sound for the band and collaborated with the members to pen more original compositions. In October 1966, Neal Ford and the Fanatics recorded demos of songs including "I Can't Go On" and "Good Men", among others, to earn a contract with the national label, Hickory Records. The only non-original song recorded during the sessions was a radical take on The Zombies', "Woman". Two regionally successful singles followed with "I Will If You Want To" receiving national attention in September 1966, and "Gonna Be My Girl" reaching number one in Houston in early 1967. Their debut album, Neal Ford and the Fanatics was released soon after. However, their next single, "Wait for Me" failed to produce the national breakthrough the group anticipated, and none of their later offerings in 1968 met the same acclaim as "Gonna Be My Girl". The band continued to perform on the local club circuit but in 1969 Ford quit and eventually produced a solo album in 1971. More songs without Ford were recorded but not distributed and in October 1970 the group disbanded.
In 2013, Ace Records (United Kingdom) released "Good Men," a compilation focusing on the group's more rocking sides. In 2019, Chunk Archives Recordings released "Every Night a New Surprise," with garage rock veteran Mal Thursday adding vocals and harmonica to a previously unfinished Neal Ford and The Fanatics backing track from 1966.
Lanier Greig (born August 20, 1948 in Houston, Texas) died on February 15, 2013, at age 64.
Neal Ford died on May 17, 2021. No cause of death was given, but they had been fighting complications of COVID-19 for several months. They were 78.
References
External Links
Musical groups established in 1964
Musical groups disestablished in 1970
Musical groups from Houston
Hickory Records artists
1964 establishments in Texas
1970 disestablishments in Texas
The Gymnázium Šrobárova is one of the oldest high schools in Košice, Slovakia. Gymnázium provides upper-secondary education for over 600 students.
History
It was founded in 1891 as a State Girls High School (Állami felsőbb leányiskola). The first school leaving exams (maturita) took part June 23, 1923. After the fall of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the government of Czechoslovakia altered the school into a college-preparatory high school.
Architecture
The school seats in a complex of school buildings from 1896 on the western edge of city center. Design of school complex came from Gyula Pártos, the Hungarian architect. The construction was led by company of Arpád and Gejza Jakab.
Complex is designed in the Secession style.
Notable alumni
Jozef Urban - poet
Richard Raši - politician
Peter Schultz - journalist
Gymnasiums in Slovakia
Schools in Slovakia
Education in Slovakia
Buildings and structures in Košice
The L&YR Class 30 (Hughes) was a class of 0-8-0 steam locomotives of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway. The class was designed by George Hughes and introduced in 1910. Twenty-nine were rebuilds from Aspinall's L&YR Class 30 and 40 were new locomotives.
Numbering
A total of 69 locomotives was produced and these passed to the London, Midland and Scottish Railway (LMS) in 1923. The LMS gave them the power classification 6F and numbered them as follows:
Rebuilds, 12771-12800
New locos, 12801-12839
In 1948, British Railways (BR) inherited 11 locomotives and numbered them in the range 52782-52839.
Withdrawal
The first locomotive was withdrawn in 1927 and the last in 1951. None were preserved.
References
0-8-0 locomotives
30 (Hughes)
Railway locomotives introduced in 1910
Standard gauge steam locomotives of Great Britain
D n2 locomotives
Scrapped locomotives
The Argeș County Museum () is a government institution and visitor attraction based in Pitești, Romania. Formally inaugurated in 1955, it is headquartered in an 1890s palace in the city center. Topics of its permanent exhibits include history, ecology, folk art and minerals. Additionally, a fine arts gallery is located in the former city hall, while three other sites elsewhere in the county are also administered by the museum.
Background and description
The museum is headquartered at 44 Armand Călinescu Street, in the former Argeș County Administrative Palace. The structure was built in 1898–1899 according to the plans of architect Dimitrie Maimarolu, while Mihail Manolescu was prefect. The land previously belonged to the Buliga skete, and the funds for construction came in the form of a loan of 140,000 lei from a Bucharest bank, guaranteed by the Dimitrie Sturdza-led Liberal government.
Done in an eclectic style, it fits within the framework of French academicism. The plan is symmetric and U-shaped, with a basement, ground floor and second floor; the building forms an imposing presence in the city center. The grooved columns are both Ionic and composite. The pediment features symbolic bas-reliefs and acroteria. The cornices are denticulate, there is egg-and-dart moulding, as well as meanders, decorative balustrades, semicircular niches, bossage in strong relief and medallions. Local artist Iosef Materna painted the ceiling of the staircase hall. The building housed the Argeș County Prefecture from 1899 to 1950, the Argeș Region Council from 1950 to 1968 and the Argeș County Council from 1968 to 1970. It has been used by the museum since 1970, and is considered a historic monument by the country's Culture Ministry, as are the adjacent park and public garden.
The museum's roots lie in the Gheorghe Ionescu-Gion Popular Athenaeum, which was hosted by a Pitești primary school from 1928 to 1946, and by the Argeș Cultural Center from 1948 to 1950. From 1950 to 1955, its collections were kept in storage. The museum as such was founded in 1955, and was located in the Argeș Tribunal or Cultural Palace from 1955 to 1957 and in the Fostiropol House or Popular Art School from 1957 to 1970, before moving to its present location. The building was expanded in 2000 and in 2004. Permanent exhibitions include fine arts (1971–), folk art (1971–), history (1974–), ecology and environmental protection (1977–), sports (2008–), a planetarium (2008–), mineral crystals (2009–), numismatics (2009–) and an astronomical observatory. There are storage spaces as well as restoration laboratories.
Annexes
Other sites administered by the museum include the Dacian Castrum of Jidava in Câmpulung (1969–), the Dinu Lipatti House at Ciolcești (1985–) and Poenari Castle at Arefu (2009–). The museum formerly had charge of Dâmbovicioara Cave (1960–2002) and the Liviu Rebreanu Memorial House at Valea Mare (1969–2008). The museum has a photographic archive and runs archaeological digs. It also has a specialized library (1957–), a journal (1968–), an annual scientific conference (1970–) and a publishing house (2007–).
While the folk art section is located in the main building, the fine arts gallery, named after Rudolf Schweitzer-Cumpăna, has been housed since 1970 at the old city hall on 33 Republicii Boulevard. The building is itself a historic monument, as is the abutting park. Planned by architect Ion N. Socolescu and built in 1885–1886, it is in the French style of the time, with a ground floor and upper story. The main entrance is surrounded by four columns, the central hallway has a wide staircase, and the interior features decorative elements such as stucco ornamentation. The ceiling of the former city council room was also painted by Materna. Among the artists in the gallery's collection are Theodor Aman, Nicolae Grigorescu, Sava Henția, Jean Alexandru Steriadi, Camil Ressu, Dumitru Ghiață, Ion Țuculescu, Vasile Popescu, Ștefan Luchian and Schweitzer-Cumpăna. Funding sources for the museum include the Argeș County Council and the Culture Ministry.
Notes
External links
Official site
Pitești
Government buildings completed in 1899
Prefecture buildings in Romania
Government buildings completed in 1886
City and town halls in Romania
Historic monuments in Argeș County
1955 establishments in Romania
Tourist attractions in Argeș County
Art museums and galleries in Romania
History museums in Romania
Statistics of Meistaradeildin in the 1960 season.
Overview
It was contested by 4 teams, and Havnar Bóltfelag won the championship.
League table
Results
References
RSSSF
Meistaradeildin seasons
Faroe
Faroe
The Billboard China Airplay/FL () was a record chart published weekly by Billboard China that measured the airplay of foreign language songs in China, based on audience impressions from a panel of radio stations compiled by Nielsen-CCData.
List of number one songs
See also
Billboard China
Billboard China Top 100
References
External links
Chinese record charts
Billboard charts
2019 establishments in China
Donji Orahovac may refer to:
Donji Orahovac, Trebinje, Bosnia and Herzegovina
Donji Orahovac, Kotor, Montenegro
Peter's Key is a 2012 non-fiction book by Declan Dunne. It was published through Mercier Press on 17 September 2012. Peter's Key recounts the story of Peter de Loughry, who arranged to help free Éamon de Valera from Lincoln Prison during the Irish War of Independence. De loughry was Dunne's grandfather, and the book took them four years to write, with help from others.
Synopsis
The book covers de loughry's time in Lincoln Prison and their successful attempt to break out of prison with Éamon de Valera, and other men. The prison break took them months to plan, which included creating a wax impression of a chaplain's key. De loughry then went through three keys before succeeding on the fourth attempt. During and after the escape from prison de loughry remained the Mayor of Kilkenny, a position they held for six consecutive years.
Reception
The Tuam Herald praised Peter's Key, calling it "a fine example of filial piety, and a worthy addition to the literature of this period."
References
2012 non-fiction books
Mercier Press books
Scybalistodes illosalis is a moth in the family Crambidae. It was described by Harrison Gray Dyar Jr. in 1914. It is found in Mexico.
References
Moths described in 1914
Glaphyriinae
Julio Adolfo Cozzi (14 July 1922 – 25 September 2011) was an Argentine football goalkeeper who won the Copa América 1947 with the Argentina national team.
Cozzi started their career in 1941 with Club Atlético Platense, they played for the club until 1949 when they joined Millonarios of Colombia, where their teammates included Alfredo di Stéfano and Adolfo Pedernera.
Cozzi returned to Platense in 1955, they went on to play for Independiente between 1956 and 1959 and then Banfield of the Argentine 2nd division.
On 25 September 2011, they suffered a heart attack and died at the Clinic Fundación Favaloro in Buenos Aires.
Titles
External links
La Pagina Calemar profile
References
1922 births
2011 deaths
Footballers from Buenos Aires
Argentine people of Italian descent
Argentine footballers
Argentina international footballers
Association football goalkeepers
Club Atlético Platense footballers
Millonarios F.C. players
Club Atlético Independiente footballers
Club Atlético Banfield footballers
Argentine Primera División players
Categoría Primera A player
Argentine expatriate footballers
Expatriate footballers in Colombia
Copa América-winning players
Anstruther Musomanik Society was a poetry and literary society.
History
The society was formed in 1813 in the coastal town of Anstruther in Fife. It wound up four years later.
Activities
The society met regularly, exchanging and sharing poetry and songs in a place they named the "Hall of Apollo". It had a "code of laws", and a "licence to rhyme", called a "diploma". The tone of the meetings was fun and jovial, with allusions to the classical tradition, focusing on devotion to Apollo, the Greek and Roman God of music, dance and poetry. The Hall of Apollo was decorated with flowers, laurels, and prints of celebrated poets such as Walter Scott, Lord Byron and Robert Burns.
At the ordinary meetings, members would have given a partially completed poem, which they were expected to complete on the spur of the moment. Their annual celebrations were grander affairs.
The society possessed a seal charged with the Celtic harp, bearing an anchor on its chords and surrounded by a chaplet.
Notable Members
George Dempster of Dunnichen
Charles Gray (songwriter) author of 'Lays and Lyrics'
James Hogg
Andrew Johnston (Scottish politician)
Walter Scott
William Tennant, author of 'Anster Fair'
References
Literary societies
18th century in Scotland
Clubs and societies in Scotland
Social history of Scotland
Leslie George Robert McGuire (31 January 1929 – February 2017) was an English footballer active in the 1940s and 1950s who played as an inside forward. They made a total of six appearances in The Football League for Gillingham.
References
1929 births
2017 deaths
English footballers
Association football forwards
English Football League players
Gillingham F.C. players
Dezső Szilágyi (1 April 1840 – 30 July 1901) was a Hungarian politician and jurist, who served as Minister of Justice between 1889 and 1895.
Biography
Szilágyi was born at Nagyvárad (today: Oradea, Romania) in the Kingdom of Hungary. They studied law at Budapest, Vienna, and in Germany, and early attracted attention with their articles on law and politics. As head of a section in the Ministry of Justice of Hungary, they traveled on a commission from their government to England to study there the conditions of the administration of justice, of which they had a knowledge then equaled by few. Brought up wholly in Liberal ideas, Szilágyi took a conspicuous part in the codification work of the Ministry of Justice.
Deputy in 1871, professor of public law and politics at Budapest University in 1874, they were in 1877 one of the leaders of the opposition, which, however, they left in 1886. In 1887 they were returned to parliament by Pozsony (Pressburg) as an independent member.
They became Minister of Justice in 1889. From this time to 1894, they directed their efforts principally towards a radical reform of the whole administration of the courts. In 1894 they took a conspicuous part in ecclesiastical legislation, with which their name is permanently connected. Article XXXI of the Law of Civil Marriage, and articles XXXII and XXXIII on the religion of the children and on state registration, were the result of their active cooperation.
After the appointment of Dezső Bánffy, the former president of the Hungarian House of Deputies, as prime minister, Szilágyi was elected president of the House on 21 January 1895, which office they retained until 1899.
Notes
References
External links
Magyar Életrajzi Lexikon
1840 births
1901 deaths
People from Oradea
Justice ministers of Hungary
Speakers of the House of Representatives of Hungary
Eötvös Loránd University faculty
19th-century Hungarian politicians
Morgan le Fay is a character in the Arthurian legend.
Morgan le Fay may also refer to:
Morgan le Fay (Marvel Comics), a Marvel Comics character based on the legendary figure
Morgaine le Fey (DC Comics), a DC Comics character based on the legendary figure
See also
Morgana (disambiguation)
Morgaine (disambiguation)
William Meridas Meek (August 14, 1920 – May 28, 1998) was an American football player and coach. They served as the head football coach at Kansas State University (1947–1950), the University of Houston (1951–1954), Southern Methodist University (1957–1961), and the University of Utah (1968–1973), compiling a career college football record of 78–88–7.
Early life
Meek was born in Waterbury, Connecticut to Joseph A. Meek and Josephine E. Gaudiosi. Their paternal grandmother was born in Germany, while their maternal grandparents emigrated from Italy. Their family moved to Birmingham, Alabama in their youth. In college, they earned three letters playing as a back-up quarterback for the University of Tennessee; they graduated in 1943.
Coaching career
Meek had their first head coaching experience at age 22, with the Fort Benning Doughboy football club in 1944, while serving in the Army during World War II. Most of the starters on the team were members of the great Army teams of the early 1940s, and the team defeated all opponents except for a 0–7 loss to Auburn University. Marty Blake, later the NBA director of scouting, was one of the team managers. Following the war, Meek left the Army with the rank of captain.
Meek served as an assistant football coach throughout the remainder of the 1940s. From 1947 to 1950, they coached under Jim Tatum at the University of Maryland. During their tenure there, Meek was credited with the development of backs Ed Modzelewski and Bob Shemonski.
In 1951, Meek was offered their first collegiate head coaching position at Kansas State University with an initial salary of $8,000. Meek was offered the job even though they told the hiring committee at Kansas State that the program was in disarray. Their first season they posted a 1–7–1 record, typical for Kansas State at the time. When they learned after the season that an ineligible player had participated, they self-reported the violation to the NCAA and the school voluntarily forfeited the win and the tie. The following season, the squad went 1–9. Meek accepted the services of several former Army players who resigned from the academy after violating the honor code in 1951. In 1953, Kansas State posted a 6–3–1 record, the first winning season at the school since Wes Fry's 1936 team. After starting that season 5–1, K-State also received its first national ranking, at #18 in the Coaches Poll on October 28, 1953. The following year was even better, with Kansas State posting a 7–3 record and playing for an Orange Bowl berth in their final game (they went on to lose at Colorado). Meek left Kansas State following the 1954 season, when the school refused to give raises to their assistants. Kansas State wouldn't have another winning record for 16 years.
In January 1955, Meek took over as the head coach at the University of Houston. In two years at Houston, from 1955 to 1956, Meek compiled a 13–6–1 record. In their second season, Meek led the Cougars to the Missouri Valley Conference championship and was named the Missouri Valley Coach of the Year.
In 1957, Meek took the job as head coach of the SMU Mustangs. During their tenure, from 1957 to 1961, they compiled a 17–29–4 record, while coaching All-American quarterback Don Meredith. By far their worst season at SMU was 1960, when their team went 0–9–1, with the only game decided by less than 10 points being a 0–0 tie with Texas A&M.
From 1962 to 1967, Meek worked as an assistant coach, including stints as Director of Pro Personnel for the Denver Broncos and as a scout for the Dallas Cowboys. Meek was a offensive coordinator for Army during the 1966 and 1967 seasons.
Meek took their final coaching job in 1968, as head coach at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City. They guided the WAC team to a 33–31 record in six seasons, and their 1969 team posted an record. Six weeks after the Utes' 1973 season ended, Meek resigned in and assistant coach Tom Lovat, an alumnus, was promoted.
Head coaching record
References
External links
1920 births
1998 deaths
American football quarterbacks
Army Black Knights football coaches
Dallas Cowboys scouts
Denver Broncos executives
Houston Cougars football coaches
Maryland Terrapins football coaches
Kansas State Wildcats football coaches
SMU Mustangs football coaches
Tennessee Volunteers football players
Utah Utes football coaches
United States Army officers
United States Army personnel of World War II
Players of American football from Birmingham, Alabama
Sportspeople from Birmingham, Alabama
Sportspeople from Waterbury, Connecticut
Coaches of American football from Alabama
Players of American football from Alabama
American people of German descent
American people of Italian descent
Jaroslav Hertl (born October 28, 1989) is a Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman.
Hertl played three games with HC Slavia Praha in the Czech Extraliga. They later played in the Slovak Extraliga for HKM Zvolen and MsHK Žilina and in the Polska Hokej Liga for GKS Tychy, before joining the Edinburgh Capitals of the Elite Ice Hockey League for the 2016-17 season. Ahead of the 2017-18 season, Hertl moved to France in June 2017 to sign for Yétis du Mont-Blanc.
Their younger brother Tomáš Hertl is also an ice hockey player and currently plays for the San Jose Sharks.
References
External links
1989 births
Living people
HC Berounští Medvědi players
Brampton Battalion players
Czech ice hockey defencemen
Edinburgh Capitals players
BK Havlíčkův Brod players
LHK Jestřábi Prostějov players
HC Kobra Praha players
HC Slavia Praha players
Sportspeople from Prague
GKS Tychy (ice hockey) players
MsHK Žilina players
HKM Zvolen players
Sang Tarashan and Sang Tarashun () may refer to:
Sang Tarashan, Lorestan
Sang Tarashan, Mazandaran
Sang Tarashan, Tehran
Erik Fosse (born December 2, 1950) is a Norwegian physician, professor of medicine at the University of Oslo, and musician.
Fosse is a specialist in general surgery and thoracic surgery, and is director of the Intervention Centre at the National Hospital. They were appointed Professor of Medicine (professor II, a part-time position) at the University in 1999.  They are noted for their humanitarian work for NORWAC on the Gaza Strip with Mads Gilbert during the Gaza War; they published a book together on their experiences in 2013, Eyes in Gaza. King Harald V of Norway appointed Fosse as Commander of the Order of St. Olav in 2013 for their work within medicine and civic engagement.
References
Norwegian surgeons
1950 births
Living people
University of Oslo faculty
El Kazovsky (July 13, 1948 – July 21, 2008) was a Russian-born Hungarian painter, performer, poet and costume designer; one of the leading Hungarian painters of their time.
Personal life
El Kazovsky was born under the name of Elena Kazovskaya in Leningrad, Russia to Irina Putolova, an art historian, and Yefim Kazovsky, a physicist. They moved to Hungary in 1965, at the age of 15, and graduated in 1977 with a degree in painting from the Hungarian Academy of Fine Arts. El Kazovsky's masters were György Kádár and Ignác Kokas.
El Kazovsky was open about being transgender - born biologically as a female and self-defining as an androphile man.
Art
Their art cannot be broken down into periods; all of their expressive paintings reveal the same mythological world that they created. Several recurring figures appear in many of their paintings, such as the long nosed dog or the ballet dancer figure. Besides paintings, their work includes stage designs, performances and installations.
Awards
Kossuth Award (2002)
Mihaly Munkacsy Award (1989)
Gyula Derkovits Scholarship (1980)
Exhibitions
Solo shows:
El Kazovsky: Encore—Várfok Gallery, Budapest, 2016
The State Russian Museum—Marble Palace, St. Petersburg, 2005
Group shows:
Mis-en Abyme (Kép a képben)—Várfok Gallery, Budapest, 2008
Hungarian Art. Danubiana—Meulensteen Art Museum, Bratislava, 2007
Re:embrandt—Contemporary Hungarian Artists Respond. Museum of Fine Arts - Budapest, Budapest, 2006
Common Space—Ernst Museum Budapest, Budapest, 2006
In Black and White—Graphic Art exhibition. Műcsarnok / Kunsthalle Budapest, 2001
Millennial serie of exhibitions in the Mucsarnok—Mucsarnok Kunsthalle, Budapest, 2000
Public collections
Hungarian National Gallery (Magyar Nemzeti Galéria), Budapest, Hungary
Ludwig Museum - Museum of Contemporary Art, Budapest, Hungary
Institute of Contemporary Art, Dunaújváros, Hungary
Muzeum Sztuki w Lodz, Lodz, Poland
Books, monographies
Forgacs, Eva: El Kazovszkij (monograph, 1996)
Uhl, Gabriella: El Kazovszkij kegyetlen testszínháza (album, 2008)
References
1950 births
2008 deaths
LGBT artists from Hungary
LGBT artists from Russia
Transgender artists
Transgender men
Hungarian University of Fine Arts alumni
20th-century Hungarian painters
20th-century LGBT people
The timberline sparrow (Spizella breweri taverneri) is a taxonomically controversial American sparrow. Usually treated as a subspecies of Brewer's sparrow, it is considered a distinct species Spizella taverneri by some authorities. While the timberline sparrow recognizably differs in some details, there is little reproductive isolation between the taxa.
When it was still considered a species, it was listed as being of the least concern by the IUCN.
Footnotes
References
(2004): 2004 IUCN Red List of Threatened Species. A Global Species Assessment. IUCN, Gland, Switzerland and Cambridge, UK.
Spizella
Birds described in 1925
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Aneri Vajani (born 26 March 1994) is an Indian actor who primarily works in Hindi television. They made their acting debut with Kaali – Ek Punar Avatar as Paakhi in 2012. Vajani is best known for their portrayal of Nisha Gangwal in Nisha Aur Uske Cousins and Saanjh Mathur in Beyhadh.
Vajani portrayed Pari Malhotra in the web series Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka Season 2, Pranati Mishra in Pavitra Bhagya and Malvika Kapadia in Anupamaa.
Early life
Vajani was born on 26 March 1994 in a Gujarati family.
Career
Debut and breakthrough (2012-2015)
Vajani made their acting debut with the role of Paakhi in Kaali – Ek Punar Avatar in 2012. It ended in 2013 and was based on the famous Nitish Katara murder case. They then played Shanaya Khan in the 2013 show Crazy Stupid Ishq alongside Hiba Nawab, Harsh Rajput and Vishal Vashishtha.
Vajani portrayed Nisha Gangwal Kumar in Nisha Aur Uske Cousins opposite Mishkat Varma from 2014 to 2015. Them performance as Nisha earned their nomination at Indian Telly Award for Indian Telly Award for Fresh New Face - Female. They next played Arushi, a swimmer in Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya Season 7.
Lead roles and success (2016-2020)
Vajani next portrayed Saanjh Mathur Sharma in Beyhadh opposite Kushal Tandon and Jennifer Winget from 2016 to 2017. They received praises for their performance. They then appeared as Riddhi in Yeh Hai Aashiqui Season 4 where they reunited with Varma.
In 2016, they featured in Arre's I Don't Watch TV as Tulsi. It marked their web debut. In 2018, they played Shreya in Laal Ishq opposite Samridh Bawa. They portrayed Pari Malhotra in their second web show, Voot's Silsila Badalte Rishton Ka Season 2 opposite Kunal Jaisingh.
Vajani then played Pranati Mishra Khurana in Pavitra Bhagya, where they reunited with Jaisingh. They received ITA Award for Best Actress Popular nomination for their performance. They next appeared as Arundhati Singh in MX Player's web series Cookiees.
Recent work and further career (2021-present)
They made their film debut with the Telugu film FCUK: Father Chitti Umaa Kaarthik where they were seen as Priyanka. They also played a character named Aneri in the short film I Hate Goodbyes.
In 2021, they started portraying Malvika Kapadia in Anupamaa. They quit the show permanently in 2022 to participate in Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi 12 claiming that "there is no scope of coming back as it's all over for them role".
They appeared in the music video Phase in 2022.
Filmography
Television
Web series
Films
Music videos
Awards and nominations
See also
List of Indian television actores
List of Hindi television actores
References
External links
1994 births
Living people
Gujarati people
Indian television actores
Actresses from Mumbai
Actresses from Gujarat
People from Navsari district
Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi participants
Francis Lawrence is an American music video director and film director.
Francis Lawrence may also refer to:
Francis Lawrence of Saint Lawrence, cardinal and theologian aka Lorenzo Cozza
Francis Leo Lawrence (1937–2013), eighteenth president of Rutgers University
See also
Frances Lawrence (disambiguation)
Francis Lawrence Jobin (1914–1995), Canadian politician
Bagdat Sanatuly Kairov (, Bağdat Sanatūly Qaiyrov; born 27 April 1993) is a Kazakhstani professional footballer who plays for Tobol.
International career
They made their debut for Kazakhstan national football team on 13 November 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against France.
References
External links
1993 births
People from Aktobe
Living people
Kazakhstani footballers
Kazakhstan international footballers
Association football defenders
FC Aktobe players
FC Caspiy players
FC Kaisar players
FC Ordabasy players
FC Tobol players
Kazakhstan First Division players
Kazakhstan Premier League players
South Fambridge is a village in Essex, England. It is located about 300 yards (0.17 miles) from the River Crouch. The village lies within the Rochford district and the parliamentary constituency of Rayleigh. Surrounded by farmland, it is reached by the Fambridge Road, approximately 1.5 miles from the main Ashingdon Road.
Airfield
The village once had a small airfield which no longer exists, having been converted into a residential estate named Pemberton Field after Noel Pemberton Billing. On 20 February 2009 it was the 100th anniversary of the first experimental flights beside the River Crouch meadows. Kenneth Bannerman, Director General of the Airfields of Britain Conservation Trust unveiled a memorial to the airfield. A Spitfire flown by Carolyn Grace took part in the Anniversary Commemoration, entertaining the crowd by carrying out some aerobatic manoeuvres. The Memorial is located at () on the site of Brickhouse Farm.
External links
Essex Walks - South Fambridge
Villages in Essex
Rochford District
Randal Edward Sherborne Plunkett (15 November 1848 – 25 December 1883) was a British Conservative politician.
They were the eldest son of Admiral Edward Plunkett, 16th Baron of Dunsany, and the Hon. Anne Constance, daughter of John Dutton, 2nd Baron Sherborne. Agricultural reformer and pioneer of the cooperative movement, Sir Horace Plunkett, was their younger brother.
Plunkett was elected Member of Parliament for Gloucestershire West in 1874, a seat they held until 1880.
Plunkett died unmarried at Madeira in December 1883, aged 35, predeceasing their father by six years. Their younger brother John later succeeded in the barony.
References
External links
1848 births
1883 deaths
Dunsany family
Conservative Party (UK) MPs for English constituencies
UK MPs 1874–1880
Heirs apparent who never acceded
The Shanhai Yudi Quantu (, "Complete Terrestrial Map") is a Ming dynasty Chinese map published in 1609 in the leishu encyclopedia Sancai Tuhui.
Influences
The Shanhai Yudi Quantu is known to have been highly influenced by the Jesuit missions in China, starting with the work of Matteo Ricci. Matteo Ricci themselves had two of their own maps entitled Shanhai Yudi Quantu: one engraved by Wu Zhongming (, Wú Zhōngmíng) and dated 1600 and another engraved by Guo Zizhang (, Gūo Zĭzhāng) and dated 1604.
Description
Asia
The Asian continent is marked phonetically 亞細亞 (Modern Pinyin Yàxìyà, Middle Chinese Aseja). This is the area of the map where most information can be found, and has been subdivided here by regions:
East Asia
Numerous areas and islands are named in this part of the world:
The Great Ming Empire (, Dà Míngguó)
Japan (, Rìběn)
Goryeo Korea (, Gāolì)
The Jurchen Manchurians (, Rǚzhí)
"Five Cities" near Sungari (, Wǔ Chéng)
Liaodong (, Liáodōng)
Daning, a military region (, Dà Níng)
Tartary, north of Liaodong (, Dádá)
"Dogland", a land of dog-headed men in eastern Siberia (, Gǒugúo)
"Coral Tree Island" (, Shānhúshù Dǎo)
Ryukyu Islands (, Liúqiú)
Siberia (, Běijíjiè, lit. "Arctic Region")
The seas beside East Asia are the South China Sea (, lit. "Great Ming Sea") and the "Lesser Eastern Ocean" (, Xiǎo Dōng Yáng). To the north is the "Ice Sea" (, Bīng Hǎi).
West Asia
Gobi Desert (, lit. "The Sandy Wastes", which has become the Chinese word for "Desert")
Kham Tibetans (, Xī Fān, lit. "The Western Barbarians")
Muslims (, Huíhuí)
Western Regions (, Xīyù)
Qinghai (, Xīngsù Hǎi, lit. "Starry Sea" or , Běi Gāo Hǎi, lit. "Northern High Sea")
The Kunlun Range (, Kūnlún)
South Asia
Annam in Vietnam (, lit. "The Pacified South")
Champa (, Zhànchéng)
Hainan (, Hǎinán)
Srivijaya (, Modern Pinyin Sānfóqí, Middle Chinese Sambiutjay)
India (, Yīngdìyà)
Western India (, Xī Tiānzhú)
Two seas are shown: the Bay of Bengal (, Pánggélà Hǎi) and "Lesser Western Ocean" (, Xiǎo Xī Yáng).
Java is shown in two pieces Major (, Dà Zhǎowā) and Minor (, Xiǎo Zhǎowā) far into the "Southwest" () and "Southern" () Seas near the Antarctic.
Europe
Europe is marked phonetically as (Modern Pinyin Ōuluóbā, Middle Chinese Oulapa).
France (, Fólǎngchá)
"More than thirty countries" (, sānshí yú gúo)
Greenland (, Wòlándìyà from Latin 'Groenlandia')
Europe is surrounded by the "Greater Western Ocean" (, Dà Xī Yáng, a body of water formerly located east of Rome and conflated with the Indian Ocean but now appropriately placed in the Atlantic), the Mediterranean (, Dìzhōng Hǎi), and the Black Sea (, Tài Hǎi, lit. "Great Sea").
North America
North America is marked as "" (Modern Pinyin Běi Yàmèilìjiā, Middle Chinese Pok Amoklika). The only location is marked phonetically and is unknown:
"Angwayma" (, Yàwàimā)
Another two unknown locations are on an island to America's northeast, possibly the inhabited southwest coast of Greenland:
"Cold River" (, Hán Hé)
"Fragrant Peak" (, Xiāngfēng)
The Gulf of California is marked as the "Eastern Red Sea" (, Dōng Hóng Hǎi) and the "Ice Sea" continues across the north.
South America
South America is marked as "" (Modern Pinyin Nán Yàmèilìjiā, Middle Chinese Nom Amoklika).
"Land of the Cannibals" (, Shírén Guó)
Rio de la Plata (, Yín Hé)
Surrounding it are the Atlantic Ocean (marked as "Oceano" , Hézhéyànuò Cāng) to the northeast, the "Sea of Peru" (, Bólù Hǎi) to the west, and the "Greater Eastern Ocean" (, Dà Dōng Yáng).
Libya
Following classical geography, the continent of Africa is marked phonetically as "Libya" (, Lìwèiyà).
Atlas Mountains (described as , Tiānxià cǐ shān zhìgāo, "The highest mountain under Heaven")
Africa is surrounded by several seas. From the north, clockwise: the Mediterranean; the "Lesser Western Ocean" (, Xiǎo Xī Yáng) in the Persian Gulf and Arabian Sea; the Red Sea, called the "Western Red Sea" (, Xī Hóng Hǎi) to distinguish it from the Gulf of California); the western Indian Ocean, called the "Arabian Sea" (, Modern Pinyin Yàlàpí Hǎi, Middle Chinese Alapbie Hoy); the Gulf of Guinea, called the "Libyan Sea" (, Lìwèiyà Hǎi); and the Atlantic Ocean (again marked as "Oceano" , Hézhéyànuò Cāng).
Magallania
The still-uncertain Terra Australis today Australia, Antarctica, New Zealand, and other islands is marked phonetically as (Modern Pinyin Mèiwǎlàníjiā, Middle Chinese Mokngwalapneka). This transliterates the name "Magallanica", a name given to the prospective continent at the time in honor of Ferdinand Magellan, who had crossed past Tierra del Fuego and shown the southern continent (hypothesized since Ptolemy) to be separate from South America.
The map notes how little is known about this continent "Few have reached these southern regions. Things are not explored yet" () but also includes more placenames in it than in Africa, America, or Europe:
"White Peak" (, Bái Fēng)
"Great River" (, Dà Jiāng)
Tierra del Fuego (, Huǒdì lit. "Place of Fire")
Antarctica (, Nánjíjiè, lit. "Antarctic Region")
New Guinea (, Xīn Rùnì)
"Place of Parrots" (, generally taken as Australia from a later name but originally referring to a location south of Africa, possibly Madagascar)
Legacy
A large number of maps were derived from the Shanhai Yudi Quantu, many of them today in Korean or Japanese archives, but their history is generally difficult to reconstruct.
See also
Chinese geography
Kunyu Wanguo Quantu, Matteo Ricci's map
Cheonhado
References
17th century in China
Historic maps of the world
17th-century maps and globes
You're My Thrill is the debut album by Doris Day, issued on August 1, 1949 by Columbia Records as catalog number CL-6071, as a 10" LP. At the same time, Columbia issued it as an album set of 78 rpm records as C-189.
Legacy information
One of the tracks, "Bewitched, Bothered & Bewildered", was also issued as a single (Columbia catalog number 38698, 7" LP 1-480), reaching #9 on the Billboard chart in 1950. While the author of Discovering Doris states that "each [track] had been previously available on four 78-rpm singles," this is incorrect; all eight selections on You're My Thrill were newly released with the album itself, and the single release of "Bewitched" was spun off after the fact and not released until February 1950. Columbia 38698/1-480 combined "Bewitched" with "Imagination," a track recorded in 1947 and previously released on Columbia 38423.
In 1951, Columbia issued this album as a boxed set of 45 rpm records as B-189. On June 13, 1955, the same tracks and 4 others were reissued in the form of a 12" LP, Daydreams, catalog number CL-624.
On May 31, 2004 the album was reissued, combined with Young at Heart, as a compact disk by Sony BMG Music Entertainment. (In fact, though the CD was entitled You're My Thrill/Young at Heart, the four tracks that were added to You're My Thrill when it was retitled Daydreams were included, as well as four extra tracks not included in either album originally.)
Reception
Initial critical response to You're My Thrill was quite positive. In a September 17, 1949 review of the album, Billboard wrote "This package should prove to the doubtful that Dodo righteously is one of the greats. They wrap up the eight beautiful standards in their own intimate, throaty style, setting a warm, soft-lights-and-sweet-music mood. [...] Few singers [...] have been able to transfer a sexy sound to wax, as Doris does."
Track listing
References
External links
Cover art
1949 debut albums
Doris Day albums
Columbia Records albums
Caribou Mines is a rural community of the Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. The Icelandic settlement Markland was located in Caribou Mines from 1875 to 1882.
References
Caribou Mines on Destination Nova Scotia
Explore HRM
Markland
Communities in Halifax, Nova Scotia
General Service Areas in Nova Scotia
The Maschsee is an artificial lake situated south of the city centre of Hanover in Germany. Spanning an area of , it is the largest body of water within the capital of Lower Saxony. The lake is a popular recreation area as well as a venue for numerous water sports.
Name
The name of the lake stems from the so-called “Leinemarsch“, or simply ”Marsch“, meaning swamp. This is the historical description for the area in which the lake was built, that was in a deep-lying floodplain of the River Leine.
Construction
Design
It was first considered creating a lake in the wide river valley of the River Leine near Hanover during the late 19th century. This tied in with the by-then necessary dyking of the River Leine and the River Ihme, which would regularly flood the city after snow melted in the Harz Mountains in spring. The creation of a lake could reduce the threat of high water levels and put the Leine's river valley area to better use.
In the course of the decades there were further, very different designs: Small solutions and larger ones, which envisaged the Schützenplatz (shooting range) as an island in the lake. In September 1925 the newly elected city mayor Arthur Menge commissioned , a water engineer and professor at the Hanover Technical College (now Leibniz University Hannover), to work out the details of the construction of a lake together with the city's building authorities. Franzius was to be responsible for the designing of the hydro-engineering and hydrological elements of the project, while the city authorities, led by Karl Elkart, would handle the urban development aspects.
In contrast to the original idea that the lake be dug down into swamp land and then be supplied with water by the Leine, a new proposal emerged to build the Maschsee atop the swamp in a bowl-like structureraising it higher than the water level of the Leineand having it be filled using a system of water pumps. This would eradicate the problem of a potential accumulation of mud through flood waters.
Franzius created a final design that proved both effective and financially acceptable, whereupon the city authorities provided a grant of 14,000 Reichsmarks in January 1926 toward attempts to seal the basin of the proposed lake.
Despite the plans being completed it nevertheless took roughly eight years until the beginning of the 1930s for work to commence. The three main factors behind the creation of an artificial lake in the River Leine's river valley were:
The embankment of the River Ihme's flood channel
The creation of a local recreation area close to the city that provided the opportunity for water sports
The elimination of high unemployment levels (1932: 58,000 Hanoverians) through programmes of public works.
One factor against construction of the lake was the nearly Bismarck Tower which stood in the centre of the proposed water feature. Here, paramilitary marches took place and it was the site of a book burning in 1933. The landmark was eventually demolished in 1935 during the course of the lake's construction.
Job creation
In the 1930s, the era of the Great Depression, the city of Hanover lacked the necessary finance for the commencement of the Maschsee project, even though the project had already been planned some ten years earlier. The project was favourable for the Nazi Party that came to power in January 1933 as it would help reduce unemployment levels, which was a central theme of their propaganda. On 28 November 1933 the project was approved at a meeting of the city council.
On 21 March 1934 the first ground was broken in the Leine swamp. Despite the unsettled financing of the project, it provided many people with work. Driven by the harshness of the economic situation of the time, they took on tough working conditions and low pay which was barely much higher than unemployment support.
During construction fourteen locomotive trains with 365 tipping wagons were used along a track as well as diggers and five crawler tractors. Many workers though had to supply their own tools. Initially there were 100 people working on the project, but by its completion 1,650 people had been involved to excavate roughly of earth to create the lake basin.
With the Maschsee project fully completed by early 1936, the official opening took place on 21 May 1936. Hundreds of thousands of Hanoverians and guests looked on from the edge of the lake as the event began with the then-typical trooping of the Nazi Party. In addition some 6,000 sporting persons took part in a rally along with the armed forces and public officials.
During World War II the lake was covered up with canvasses and fake landscapes created on floating islands in an attempt to confuse Allied bomber pilots of their whereabouts during air raids on Hanover.
Water supply
The water level loses a maximum of per day through evaporation and water seepage, which equates to of water. In order to maintain a constant level, a pump station at a series of ponds in Ricklingen provides the Maschsee with a water supply. Its three pumps send water along an pipe to the "source" of the Maschsee. Depending on weather conditions, between of water are required per year. From November until February no pumping is carried out, so the water level sinks on average during this time.
Until 1960 the Maschsee's water level was supplied by the "Maschsee Source" pump station. Its pumping and filtering houses were one of the first building projects at the site of the lake to be put into operation in November 1935. The plant is equipped with two pumps which are capable of raising of water every second from the River Leine.
As the Leine is strongly contaminated with suspended sediment, the usage of this water supply meant that the Maschsee quickly began to silt up. The Hanover city administration therefore decided in 1960 to build the new pump station at the Ricklingen Ponds, in order to supply the lake with groundwater.
The old pumping house is only active today if the oxygen content of the water is too low, as this water is supplied to the lake through an open-air three-stage cascading system that raises oxygen levels. It is also put into use during the Maschseefest.
Today the old pumping house is used as a club house by the Hanover Sport Club.
Leisure activities
Maschseefest
Every summer the is held over several weeks beside the lake, which draws around two million visitors annually. The event was first staged in 1986 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Maschee's opening. It features musical performances, cabaret, cuisine and firework displays.
Boats and ships
During the summer months the Hanoverian transport company üstra operates boat trips on the lake using electrically powered vessels. Surrounding the Maschsee are numerous clubs for water sports (most popularly, rowing and sailing). During the year many diverse competitions are held on the lake, including the annual European Dragon Boat Race.
Between 1952 and 1989 motorboat competitions were regularly staged on the lake, which saw four world championships contested and ten European champions crowned.
Bathing
The Maschsee Beach lies at the southern point of the lake. The former city open air pool was handed over by the city to a private investor in 2005. They began construction on an expensive commercial “wellness park“, whereupon the project stalled. In 2007 the investor group Aspria took over and continued the work.
In spring 2009 Aspria Hannover opened a private spa and sport club in the buildings of the old public facilities and some newly built premises. Aspria also took over the running of the public bathing area though since 2009 over half of the bathing area is only accessible to members of the private Aspria club.
Exercising
With its proximity to the centre of Hanover, the Maschsee is a popular recreation area for the city's walkers and joggers. In 2005, a route around the lake was mapped out by the German Athletics Association. This track runs along the footpath, closer to the water than the asphalt-coated cycle path. Since 2003 the cycle path has also been open for roller skating usage.
Ice activities
If the lake freezes in Winter with the thickness of the ice exceeding , then the city authorities hoist a flag at the northern shore of the lake to indicate that it is permitted to go onto the ice. In periods of constant cold weather the lake can draw more than 10,000 visitors a day for activities such as ice skating and ice hockey. If the ice thickness reaches then stalls can even be erected upon the ice too; this last occurred in 2003.
Art works
Notable works of art on the northern side of the lake are the red steel "Hellebardier" sculpture by Alexander Calder (1972) as well as the bronze Olympic torchbearer that stands atop an stone column and "Putto on the Fish" that were both created by (1936).
Other sculptures on the eastern side are the "Menschenpaar" by Georg Kolbe (1936–37) and two lion sculptures created by Arno Breker (1938). In 1948 unveiled their piece "The Swimmer", which stands in the public bathing area.
Spanish artist Santiago Sierra caused a sensation in 2005 when they remembered the fact that the Maschsee was built through a Nazi work programme by installing a walk-in room filled with mud at the Kestner Society Art Gallery.
A light art project was held around the lake at the start of 2009 under the title "New Moon on the Lake". The display consisted of 22 illuminated pieces that had been created by international artists, which formed the opening of the 2009 Garden Project in Hanover.
Accessibility
The Maschsee lies close to such other notable places as the New City Hall, the Lower Saxony State Museum, the Sprengel Museum, the AWD-Arena (home of the football club Hannover 96), the main city indoor swimming pool as well as the Lower Saxony broadcasting houses of television channels NDR and ZDF.
The lake is directly accessible by using the bus stops at the AWD Arena and the Sprengel Museum. Additional bus and tram stops such as the Aegidientorplatz, Schlägerstraße, Geibelstraße, Altenbekener Damm and Döhren Tower also lie in relatively close proximity to the lake.
Numerous foot and cycle paths lead to the Maschsee and follow along its shoreline. The western side of the lake, where the club houses of numerous water sport clubs are situated, is only accessible by foot or cycle as vehicles are not permitted without official permission.
General references
References
External links
The Maschsee at Hanover Tourist Information
Description in german, maps and images concerning the Maschsee-Lake
Story of the Maschsee public bathing beach
Geography of Hanover
Lakes of Lower Saxony
Reservoirs in Lower Saxony
Artificial lakes
Rowing venues
1936 establishments in Germany
Tourist attractions in Hanover
This is a list of the candidates who ran for the Alberta Liberal Party in the 28th Alberta provincial election. The party ran a full slate of 87, winning 5.
Calgary area (28 seats)
Edmonton area (26 seats)
Remainder of province (33 seats)
See also
Alberta Liberal Party candidates, 2008 Alberta provincial election
Alberta Electoral Boundary Re-distribution, 2010
References
2012
Liberal Party candidates, 2012 Alberta provincial election, Alberta
Meaningless is the debut solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Jon Brion, released in 2001. Initially slated for release on Lava Records, the album was ultimately released independently by Brion on their own "Straight to Cut-Out" label, sold through their website and CD Baby. After being widely unavailable and obscure due to its limited release, in 2022 the album received its first wide release and first pressing on vinyl through Jealous Butcher Records.
Critical reception
Jason Damas of AllMusic observed the influence of Brion's past collaborators, particularly Aimee Mann, in the album's music, while noting that "in reality it is a representation of the purest form of what Brion has given to the production of those other artists' work". They deemed Meaningless to be "a lovely, catchy, and personal pop album on par with (and in many cases, superior to) the albums and artists that they have worked with in the past".
In a 2016 reappraisal of the album, PopMatters critic Dylan J. Montanari wrote that Meaningless "remains the defining document to which Brion aficionados turn to be reminded of the place they have so admirably carved out for themselves in the pop landscape".
Track listing
Personnel
Jon Brion performs vocals and instruments on all tracks except "Trouble", which features:
Jim Keltner – drums
Benmont Tench – piano
Greg Leisz – pedal steel guitar
Mary Lynn Rajskub – backing vocals
References
External links
CD Baby page for Meaningless, including Brion's notes on the songs
2001 albums
Jon Brion albums
Albums produced by Jon Brion
Self-released albums
Afgekia is a small genus of large perennial climbing shrubs native to Thailand in Asia, belonging to the family Fabaceae.
They are reminiscent of the related genus of Wisteria.
Species
As listed by Plants of the World Online;
Afgekia mahidolae
Afgekia sericea
The genus was named from the initials of Arthur Francis George Kerr (1877–1942), an Irish-born plant collector who worked in then-Siam in the early twentieth century. It was first described and published in Bull. Misc. Inform. Kew 1927 on page 376.
The genus is recognized by the United States Department of Agriculture and the Agricultural Research Service, but they only list Afgekia sericea
References
External links
Flora of Thailand (photo)
Afgekia mahidolae Burtt et Chermsir
Millettieae
Fabaceae genera
Plants described in 1927
Flora of Thailand
Peru competed at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016.
Disability classifications
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Men's Track and Road
Field
Women's Track
Cycling
With one pathway for qualification being one highest ranked NPCs on the UCI Para-Cycling male and female Nations Ranking Lists on 31 December 2014, Peru qualified for the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio, assuming they continued to meet all other eligibility requirements.
Road
See also
Peru at the 2016 Summer Olympics
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Peruvian sport
Misdirection may refer to:
Misdirection (magic), a technique used when performing magic tricks
Feint, a technique used in strategy games and warfare
Misdirection employed by criminals for the purpose of pickpocketing
Limited hangout, a technique used by the intelligence services
Counter trey, a technique used in American Football
Psychobabble and technobabble, techniques used in fast talk
Ablaberoides flavipennis is a species of beetle first discovered in 1873. No sub-species are listed in the Catalogue of Life.
References
Beetles described in 1857
Scarabaeidae
Brett Elizabeth Maron (born June 2, 1986) is an American soccer goalkeeper.
Collegiate career
Maron played college soccer for Fairfield University where they earned honors as SoccerBuzz First Team All-Northeast Region and NSCAA Third Team All-Northeast Region in 2006 and twice as Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) Defensive Player of the Year and MAAC Goalkeeper of the Year in 2005 and 2006. They backstopped the Stags to the 2005 MAAC Tournament championship and a berth in the 2005 NCAA Women's Soccer Championship. During their four-year career, Maron posted 34 wins, which is third all-time in program history. They finished second in school history with 24 shutouts, falling short by 0.5 shutouts, having played in the NCAA rules era of not splitting shutouts between keepers. Maron played 6,911 minutes in their career, with a goals-against average of 1.11. They recorded 376 saves, a dozen short of the school record in that category as well.
Professional career
Maron began their professional soccer career with SoccerPlus Connecticut of the Women's Premier Soccer League in 2007.
They then played for Afturelding FC of the Icelandic Women's Premier League (Landsbankadeild) in 2008 where they were named to the mid-season Top Eleven and named the Best Foreign Player and Best Goalkeeper by the league. They then moved to Kristianstads DFF of the Swedish Women's Premier League (Damallsvenskan) in 2009. Maron signed with the Atlanta Beat of Women's Professional Soccer on February 9, 2010. In 2011, they played for magicJack. As Anna Felicitas Sarholz was injured and couldn't play for the second half of the season in the German Bundesliga, Turbine Potsdam signed Maron in January 2012 for the rest of the season. They and Potsdam however ended their contract mutually when the Women's Professional Soccer folded and goalkeeper Alyssa Naeher returned to Potsdam. Maron instead signed for Valur in Iceland's Úrvalsdeild. Following the end of the season they returned to Kristiantads DFF three years later.
Education
Maron received their bachelor's degree in Anthropology and Sociology from Fairfield University in 2008. During their senior year, inspired by 2006 Nobel Peace Prize recipient Muhammad Yunus and the Grameen Bank, Maron and eight other Fairfield students started Sustainable Equity for Women, a micro-lending project designed to raise and invest money in small businesses run by women in developing countries in conjunction with Kiva Microfunds.
References
External links
1986 births
Living people
Atlanta Beat (WPS) players
MagicJack (WPS) players
Fairfield Stags women's soccer players
American expatriate sportspeople in Iceland
Expatriate women's footballers in Iceland
Valur (men's football) players
People from Billerica, Massachusetts
Kristianstads DFF players
Damallsvenskan players
Expatriate women's footballers in Sweden
American expatriate sportspeople in Sweden
American women's soccer players
Women's association football goalkeepers
Sportspeople from Middlesex County, Massachusetts
Women's Professional Soccer players
Mount Hope United Methodist Church is a Methodist church built in 1807 in Aston Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located at 4020 Concord Road.
History
The original building was erected in 1807 on land donated by Aaron Mattson, a paper manufacturer in Aston. James Caughey, a Methodist minister and evangelist from England is known to have preached at Mount Hope. A revival led by Caughey in 1832 resulted in an expansion of the congregation at Mount Hope. The congregation outgrew the original structure and in 1838, an addition of twenty feet was made to the building.
On September 3, 1860, Mount Hope United Methodist Church was incorporated. In 1877, the parsonage was built.
The affiliated Mount Hope Cemtery is run by the Mount Hope Methodist Church Trustees.
References
External links
Religious organizations established in 1807
Cemeteries in Delaware County, Pennsylvania
Churches in Delaware County, Pennsylvania
1807 establishments in Pennsylvania
Methodist churches in Pennsylvania
Churches completed in 1807
The 1955 All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 25th staging of the All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Gaelic Athletic Association in 1928.
Dublin entered the championship as the defending champions, however, they were beaten in the Leinster semi-final.
On 4 September 1955 Tipperary won the championship following a 5-15 to 2-5 defeat of Galway in the All-Ireland final. This was their ninth All-Ireland title and their first in two championship seasons.
Results
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Semi-finals
Final
External links
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship: Roll Of Honour
Minor
All-Ireland Minor Hurling Championship
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1975–76 season.
Overview
Muharraq Club won the championship.
References
RSSSF
Bahraini Premier League seasons
Bah
football
36 Children is the 1967 memoir of Herbert Kohl's service as a young teacher working in an impoverished New York public school. The book includes a chapter titled "Journey through Space and Time", written and illustrated by Robert George Jackson III, one of their students, age eleven. Other material written and illustrated by Jackson and other students is included in the book. First published in 1967 by the New American Library, it was republished in September 1988 by the Penguin Group. Reviewer Peter Schrag commented that the work contains "tough but (usually) sympathetic kids, callous administrators, and a collection of fearful school types spouting hate through their pieties and educational nonsense through their apathy" while "the writer-protagonist is part anthropologist fascinated by the ghetto, part muckraking journalist, and part teacher struggling manfully to work with the children placed in theirs care."
References
1967 non-fiction books
Books about education
American non-fiction books
New American Library books
"I'm Henery the Eighth, I Am" (also "I'm Henery the VIII, I Am" or "I'm Henry VIII, I Am"; spelled "Henery" but pronounced "'Enery" in the Cockney style normally used to sing it) is a 1910 British music hall song by Fred Murray and R. P. Weston. It was a signature song of the music hall star Harry Champion.
Joe Brown included the song on their first album A Picture of You in 1962. But in 1965, it became the fastest-selling song in history to that point when it was revived by Herman's Hermits, becoming the group's second number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, dethroning "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction". Despite that success, the single was not released in the UK. The song is one of the shortest (in length) number one singles of all time in the US.
In the well-known chorus, Henery explains that their wife had been married seven times before, each time to another Henery:
I'm 'Enery the Eighth, I am,
'Enery the Eighth I am, I am!
I got married to the widow next door,
She's been married seven times before
And every one was an 'Enery
They wouldn't have a Willie nor a Sam
I'm their eighth old man named 'Enery
'Enery the Eighth, I am!
However, in the Hermits' version, Peter Noone ends each chorus with "I'm their eighth old man, I'm 'Enery" and never sings "named".
Harry Champion version
According to one source, Champion "used to fire off [the chorus] at tremendous speed with almost desperate gusto, their face bathed in sweat and their arms and legs flying in all directions." In later versions recorded by Champion, "Willie" is changed to "William" because the former is a British slang term for "penis."
Joe Brown version
Joe Brown first released the song as a single in June of 1961 on the Picadilly label. George Harrison was a fan of Brown's and sang the song as part of the Beatles' early repertoire. (The group never recorded their version.)
Herman's Hermits version
The rock and roll stylings of the song gave Herman's Hermits their second US number one hit; it contains only the chorus (and none of the three verses) of the original. As a result, the tune is a mere one minute and fifty seconds long, one of the shortest-ever songs to top the Billboard singles chart. In their short and fast take of the song, the guitar and bass are considered proto-punk and were a direct influence on the Ramones, (indeed the song "Judy Is A Punk" includes the line "Second verse, same as the first" as in the Hermits' tune.) The speedy guitar work at the break by lead guitarist Derek Leckenby evokes Chuck Berry sonically (e. g. “Johnny B. Goode”) then memorably shifts into quoting the melody. Billboard praised the song's "strong dance beat and vocal performance."
They performed the song on Hullabaloo as well as The Ed Sullivan Show. This version was also performed on the third season premiere of The Jimmy Dean Show with Jimmy Dean and Jim Henson's Rowlf the Dog wearing wigs, three months after Herman's performance on Sullivan.
Chart history
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Other versions
In 1961, this song was recorded and extensively performed live by the British star Joe Brown, who revived the song and made it largely known in the British pop world. Their version has two choruses either side of their guitar solo (B-side, Piccadilly Records 7N 35005). To the present day, Brown often performs it in concert.
Connie Francis recorded a version for their 1966 album Connie Francis and The Kids Next Door.
Title and lyrics
The song is traditionally sung in a Cockney accent. Earlier sources usually spell the name "Henery" (as do some old sources when referring to the historical King of England and Ireland), and the music requires the name "Henery" (or "'Enery") to be pronounced as three syllables. The sheet music for the 1965 Herman's Hermits revival, however, presented the name as "Henry", as do sources referring to this version.
In the Herman's Hermits version, the band sings the lyrics three times. Between the first two choruses, Peter Noone calls out, "Second verse, same as the first!". The background singers on the version recorded by Connie Francis use this call as well.
In popular culture
In the film Ghost, Sam (Patrick Swayze) sings this song on a continuous run in a bad Cockney London accent all night long, to Oda Mae Brown (Whoopi Goldberg) to annoy them into helping him.
Homer Simpson - in the persona of Henry VIII - sings a parody of this song in The Simpsons episode "Margical History Tour", with the lyrics referencing Henry's voracious appetite.
Alvin and the Chipmunks covered this song.
The original Harry Champion version of the song was used as the titles music of The Libertines music documentary 'There Are No Innocent Bystanders'.
References
External links
I'm Henery the Eighth MP3 download of Harry Champion's 1911 recording at Internet Archive
I'm Henery the Eighth, I Am lyrics at Wikisource
Herman's Hermits songs
1910 songs
1965 singles
Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles
Cashbox number-one singles
Comedy songs
Cultural depictions of Henry VIII
Novelty songs
Music hall songs
Songs written by R. P. Weston
Glyphipterix thrasonella is a species of moth of the family Glyphipterigidae. It is found in the western part of the Palaearctic realm.
The wingspan is 11–15 mm.The forewings are shining bronzy, sometimes coppery-tinged ; six obscure golden metallic transverse streaks from costa between 1/3 and apex, and one or two from dorsum posteriorly, all sometimes obsolete ; a violet -black mark on tornus, enclosing two or three golden metallic dots, and a similar dot above it ; sometimes two or three fine black dashes above this ; a blackish apical spot ; dark line of cilia indented below apex. Hindwings are dark fuscous.
Adults are on wing from May to August.
The larvae probably feed on Juncus species.
References
External links
UKmoths
Moths described in 1763
Glyphipterigidae
Moths of Europe
Taxa named by Giovanni Antonio Scopoli
Daniel Bruce Forsman (born July 15, 1958) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and who now plays on the Champions Tour.
Early years
Forsman was born in Rhinelander, Wisconsin. however their family relocated to Mountain View, California where they grew up. They learned to play golf at Los Altos Golf and Country Club and spent summers caddying for club members. They attended Awalt High School (currently Mountain View High School) where they lettered on both the golf and basketball teams. They attended Arizona State University majoring in Communications. While at ASU, they were also on the golf team.
Professional career
Forsman turned professional in 1982. They earned their PGA Tour card at Qualifying School at the TPC Sawgrass in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida in the fall of 1982 and joined the PGA Tour in 1983. A five-time winner on the PGA Tour, Forsman finished in the top-125 every year from 1983 until 2003 with the exception of one year. Their best overall season was 1992, when they finished 10th on the money list with a win and three second-place finishes. They lost their card in 2004, but continued to play relatively well during their late forties.
After reaching the age of 50 in July 2008, Forsman began play on the Champions Tour. They won their first title in this venue in their rookie year at the 2009 AT&T Champions Classic where they shot a final round of 6 under par, came from 5 shots back, and defeated Don Pooley in a playoff with a birdie on the first playoff hole. Their second win came a year later at the Regions Charity Classic. Their third win came at the 2012 Mitsubishi Electric Championship at Hualalai.
Personal life
Forsman is married to the former Trudy Holley. They settled in Provo, Utah, where they raised their two sons Richard and Thomas.
Professional wins (9)
PGA Tour wins (5)
*Note: The 1986 Hertz Bay Hill Classic was shortened to 54 holes due to weather.
PGA Tour playoff record (1–1)
Other wins (1)
Champions Tour wins (3)
Champions Tour playoff record (1–0)
Results in major championships
CUT = missed the half-way cut
"T" = tied
Summary
Most consecutive cuts made – 11 (1991 PGA – 1996 PGA)
Longest streak of top-10s – 2 (1992 PGA – 1993 Masters)
Results in The Players Championship
CUT = missed the halfway cut
WD = withdrew
"T" indicates a tie for a place
Results in World Golf Championships
"T" = Tied
See also
1982 PGA Tour Qualifying School graduates
List of golfers with most PGA Tour wins
References
External links
American male golfers
Arizona State Sun Devils men's golfers
PGA Tour golfers
PGA Tour Champions golfers
Golfers from Wisconsin
Golfers from California
Golfers from Utah
People from Rhinelander, Wisconsin
Sportspeople from Provo, Utah
1958 births
Living people
Al-Qitaa (), also known as Al-Majawdeh (), is a Syrian town located in Abu Kamal District, Deir ez-Zor. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Al-Qitaa had a population of 8,251 in the 2004 census.
References
Populated places in Deir ez-Zor Governorate
Populated places on the Euphrates River
In mathematics, specifically convex geometry, the normal fan of a convex polytope P is a polyhedral fan that is dual to P. Normal fans have applications to polyhedral combinatorics, linear programming, tropical geometry and other areas of mathematics.
Definition
Given a convex polytope P in Rn, the normal fan NP of P is a polyhedral fan in the dual space, (Rn)* whose cones consist of the normal cone CF to each face F of P,
Each normal cone CF is defined as the set of linear functionals w such that the set of points x in P that maximize w(x) contains F,
Properties
NP is a complete fan, meaning the union of its cones is the whole space, (Rn)*.
If F is a face of P of dimension d, then its normal cone CF has dimension n – d. The normal cones to vertices of P are full dimensional. If P has full dimension, the normal cones to the facets of P are the rays of NP and the normal cone to P itself is CP = {0}, the zero cone.
The affine span of face F of P is orthogonal to the linear span of its normal cone, CF.
The correspondence between faces of P and cones of NP reverses inclusion, meaning that for faces F and G of P,
Since NP is a fan, the intersection of any two of its cones is also a cone in NP. For faces F and G of P,
where H is the smallest face of P that contains both F and G.
Applications
If polytope P is thought of as the feasible region of a linear program, the normal fan of P partitions the space of objective functions based on the solution set to the linear program defined by each. The linear program in which the goal is to maximize linear objective function w has solution set F if and only if w is in the relative interior of the cone CF.
If polytope P has the origin in its interior, then the normal fan of P can be constructed from the polar dual of P by taking the cone over each face of the dual polytope, P°.
For f a polynomial in n variables with coefficients in C, the tropical hypersurface of f is supported on a subfan of the normal fan of the Newton polytope P of f. In particular, the tropical hypersurface is supported on the cones in NP of dimension less than n.
References
.
Geometric objects
The Douglas Main Post Office in Douglas, Wyoming, United States, was built in 1909 as part of a facilities improvement program by the United States Post Office Department. The post office in Douglas was nominated to the National Register of Historic Places as part of a thematic study comprising twelve Wyoming post offices built to standardized USPO plans in the early twentieth century.
References
External links
at the National Park Service's NRHP database
Douglas Main Post Office at the Wyoming State Historic Preservation Office
Neoclassical architecture in Wyoming
Government buildings completed in 1909
Buildings and structures in Converse County, Wyoming
Post office buildings in Wyoming
Post office buildings on the National Register of Historic Places in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places in Converse County, Wyoming
Edward Salisbury may refer to:
Edward James Salisbury (1886–1978), English botanist and ecologist
Edward E. Salisbury (1814–1901), American Sanskritist
See also
Edward of Salisbury, nobleman and courtier
Almak (; ) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kazbekovsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,983 as of 2010. There are 40 streets.
Geography
Almak is located on the right bank of the Aktash River, 20 km southwest of Dylym (the district's administrative centre) by road. Burtunay is the nearest rural locality.
Nationalities
Avars live there.
References
Rural localities in Kazbekovsky District
The Hamblen Development Historic District encompasses a modest collection of Greek Revival residential properties at 188–208 Danforth Street in Portland, Maine. They were built in 1835–36 as a speculative venture by members of the Hamblen family, and are a rare surviving cluster of development in the city from this period. The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992.
Description and history
The Hamblen Development occupies the south side of one block of Danforth Street, on the east side of Portland's West End, between Brackett and Clark Streets. The eastern half of the block is occupied by the Hamblen Block (188–194), a series of four three-story brick rowhouses built in 1835. To its west stands a brick duplex (196–198), also three stories in brick, set in a mirror-image layout, that was built in 1836. Also built in 1836 was 200 Danforth, a free-standing single family house that is three bays wide, like the duplex and rowhouse units are. At the end of the block stands another duplex (206–208); this building has a more elaborate roof treatment, with a modillioned cornice, and the left-hand unit has a few rare surviving period wrought iron grills.
This series of buildings were built as a speculative real estate development by brothers Eli, Joseph, and Nathaniel Hamblen. It is one of the earliest known examples of this sort of focused development venture in the state, where they did not even begin until the early 1830s. The development was part of a significant push to develop the area west of the city's main port facilities.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Portland, Maine
References
Historic districts on the National Register of Historic Places in Maine
Greek Revival architecture in Maine
Buildings and structures completed in 1835
Historic districts in Portland, Maine
National Register of Historic Places in Portland, Maine
Fiammetta Wilson (born Helen Frances Worthington; 19 July 186421 July 1920) was a British astronomer elected a fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society in 1916.
Early life and education
Fiammetta Wilson was born Helen Frances Worthington on 19 July 1864 to Helen Felicite (Till) Worthington (1839–1922) and Francis Samuel Worthington (1837–1912) of Lowestoft, Suffolk. They had four younger siblings, two brothers and two sisters. Them father was a physician and a surgeon with a strong interest in the natural sciences. After they retired they spent time doing microscopical studies, and encouraged Fiammetta to study their natural surroundings. They were educated by governesses, went to schools in Germany and Switzerland, and was trained as a musician in Italy.
Marriages and identity
On 29 October 1889, Helen Frances Worthington married Herbert William Webster (1864–1922) at St Gabriel's Church, Pimlico, London. Webster was a singer and music teacher in a family of clergymen. The couple separated, possibly around the summer of 1898.
From 1897 to at least 1916, Helen taught mandolin and was an orchestra conductor at the Guildhall School of Music. They excelled in conducting string orchestras and often wrote music as well.
As of 23 September 1901 they changed their name by deed poll to Fiammetta Waldahoff. Fiammetta means "little flame" in Italian, but their reasons for choosing the surname Waldahoff are completely unknown. They were variously described as Italian, Russian, or Polish, and gave a younger age.
On 2 February 1907, Helen initiated divorce proceedings, citing their husband's desertion and adultery as of 1898. A divorce decree final was granted on 21 October 1907, and both parties remarried within 4 months. On 29 February 1908, Helen married Sydney Arthur Wilson (1875–1925) at All Saints Church, St John's Wood, London.
Career
After attending lectures by astrophysicist Alfred Fowler at the Imperial College of Science and Technology, London, they became interested in astronomy. They became so infatuated with astronomy that they gave up most of their music and withdrew from social life. They and their second husband, Sydney Arthur Wilson, were both elected members of the British Astronomical Association (BAA) on 23 February 1910. Between 1916 and 1919 with A. Grace Cook they were an acting director of its Meteor Section. As a member, they observed and published data on auroras, the zodiacal light, comets, and meteors.
Throughout their entire career, Wilson was incredibly hardworking and would even look at a cloudy sky for up to six hours at a time just to catch a glimpse of a meteor. To further their research and to make sure their information was accurate, they built a wooden platform in their garden so they could observe space without the obstruction of trees. Wilson faced copious hardships during their observations; they were threatened with arrest by a constable during World War I because they saw them using a flashlight for their research and thought that they were a German agent. They would also continue their observations even when zeppelins would drop bombs on their neighborhood.
Between the years 1910 and 1920, Wilson observed about 10,000 meteors and accurately calculated the paths of 650 of them. In 1913, they made an independent recovery of Westphal's Comet while it was passing the Earth. After publishing many papers, they were elected a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society on 14 January 1916. They also became a member of both the Société astronomique de France and the Société d'astronomie d'Anvers. In July 1920 they were appointed to the E.C. Pickering Fellowship, a one-year research position at Harvard College, but died the same month without knowing they had been appointed.
Other interests
Wilson enjoyed dancing and studying foreign languages such as Italian, French, and German. They loved animals, always kept a dog by their side, and was a very talented horsewoman. They were also an avid traveler and visited Canada and the United States after spending a year in Italy. Before they became interested in astronomy, they wrote numerous short stories that appeared in magazines.
Publications
Further reading
References
External links
Women astronomers
20th-century British astronomers
Women conductors (music)
1864 births
1920 deaths
Joanne Vella Cuschieri is a Maltese judge.
See also
Judiciary of Malta
References
External links
https://daphnecaruanagalizia.com/2017/01/lets-not-forget-owen-bonnici-made-woman-magistrate/
Living people
20th-century Maltese judges
21st-century Maltese judges
Maltese women
Year of birth missing (living people)
20th-century women judges
21st-century women judges
The 1808 United States presidential election in Ohio took place as part of the 1808 United States presidential election. Voters chose three representatives, or electors, to vote for president and vice president.
James Madison, the nominee of the governing Democratic-Republican Party, defeated Federalist Party challenger Charles C. Pinckney and fellow Democratic-Republican James Monroe, who ran as the candidate of the Tertium quids, by 2,471 votes (41.23%). Monroe would later succeed Madison as the fifth president of the United States in 1817.
Results
References
1808 United States presidential election by state
United States presidential elections in Ohio
1812 Ohio elections
Moldova President's Cup is an international road bicycle racing tournament in Chişinău (Moldova), it was created in 2003.
References
External links
Moldova President's Cup results at The Cycling Website
https://web.archive.org/web/20110727091904/http://sport.moldova.org/news/over-200-cyclists-from-7-countries-competed-for-presidents-cup-12903-eng.html
https://web.archive.org/web/20160204181317/http://www.moldova.md/en/societate/2893/
June events
Cycle races in Moldova
Recurring sporting events established in 2004
2004 establishments in Moldova
Men's road bicycle races
Summer events in Moldova
Serra da Estrela Natural Park is situated in the largest mountain range in Portugal - the Serra da Estrela, and is the source of the rivers Mondego, Zêzere (tributary of the Tagus), and Alva. The park is the largest natural conservation area in Portugal and occupies about 1,000 km². More than half of its area is located above an altitude of 700 m. At 1,993 m it contains the highest peak in Continental Portugal (named Torre) and a ski resort (named Vodafone Ski Resort).
During the Quaternary period, the entre region was subjected to the action of ice and once this disappeared visible marks were left on the landscape. Valleys in the shape of horseshoes, ravines, polished rocks and lakes of glacial origin are just some of the formations that demonstrate the importance of the ice and snow in modelling the mountains.
Geography
The central plateau, dominated by the 7 m Torre (Tower) and Cântaros, location of the glacial valley of the Zêzere, contrasts with another mountain, the Videmonte plateau, which is still in the initial bed of the Mondego, dotted with isolated farms among fields of rye and pastures where cattle are bred. In the valleys to the south west, decorated by terraces and surrounded by the Penha dos Abutres, are the villages of Loriga and Alvoco, which have developed on powerful rocky spurs. Finally, the north west slope stretches from below Seia to the land dominated by the castle of Linhares and the fields where maize is cultivated and vines are planted up the slopes to where the broom grows.
Fauna
In terms of fauna, the presence of the bear is a thing of the past and even wolves only roam here sporadically. In addition to the wall lizard that is a feature of the region, other species include otters, genets, badgers, wild cats, water moles, red breasted bullfinches, Algerian wall lizards and midwife frogs.
Flora
The natural vegetation appears in three separate sectors. Under 900 m, in very clearly defined areas. Between 800/900 m and 1600 m is the domain of the black oak. From 1600 m upwards, we find the juniper and the high pastures where the gentian, a plant in danger of extinction, can be found.
Human occupation
The villages in the Serra da Estrela Natural Park area are mainly at the bottom of the mountains and date back to medieval times. However, before this other cultures left their mark on this area. One of the most notable examples of the Roman presence are the remains at Famalicão and Folgosinho, of the road that connected Mérida to Braga. The route by which it crosses the mountain would certainly have caused difficulties in construction. The Arab influence is seen in the irrigation system and the fruit orchards while the Visigothic culture organized all rural space by applying the Visigoth Code.
Economy
Throughout the Natural Park, a traditional mountain economy is practised, centred on agriculture, shepherding of sheep and goats, particularly domestic sheep and the manufacture of Serra da Estrela cheese. The craftsmanship of the region is expressed in basket work using chestnut and wicker, weaving, embroidered cotton and smoked produce.
Gallery
References
External links
Official Site at the (Portuguese) Institute for Nature Conservation (Portuguese language)
Serra da Estrela Natural Park information from the Cultural Landscapes and Cultural Landscape Ecosystems in Europe cultbase
Serra da Estrela Natural Park Photos
Nature conservation in Portugal
Nature parks in Portugal
Ramsar sites in Portugal
Serra da Estrela
Tourist attractions in Guarda District
John Herbert Dent (22 February 1782 – 29 July 1823) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Quasi-War, the First Barbary War, and the War of 1812. They were acting captain on the USS Constitution" (Old Ironsides) during the attacks on Tripoli in 1804.
Early years
Born in Charles County, Maryland, Dent was the eldest son of Congressman George Dent and Anne (Truman) Dent. Their family had arrived in Maryland in the early Colonial days and had a long history of public service. With their parents we moved to Columbia county, Georgia.
Navy career
At the age of sixteen they were appointed a midshipman 16 March 1798. The Department of Navy had just been created by Congress in response to increasing attacks on merchant ships.
They served on USS Constellation when they captured the French frigate Insurgente'' on 1 February 1799, and after serving on USS Constitution in the Mediterranean, commanded the schooners Nautilus and Scourge in Preble's squadron during the First Barbary War, taking part in the attacks on Tripoli. They were in command of Hornet from 1806 to 1809.
During the War of 1812, they were senior officer in charge of U.S. Naval affairs in Charleston, South Carolina.
Dates of ranks
Midshipman, 16 March 1798
Lieutenant, 11 July 1799
Master commander 5 September 1804
Captain 29 December 1811
Personal life
On 7 February 1809, Dent married Elizabeth Anne Horry. They had eight children. Captain Dent never returned to Maryland. They took up plantation life in St. Bartholomew's Parish in South Carolina, where they died on 29 July 1823.  They are buried in Jacksonboro, South Carolina in Bethel Cemetery. The destroyer USS Dent (DD-116) was named for him.
Further reading
Naval History and Heritage Command: John Herbert Dent
References
1782 births
1823 deaths
United States Navy officers
American military personnel of the First Barbary War
American military personnel of the Quasi-War
United States Navy personnel of the War of 1812
People from Charles County, Maryland
Military personnel from Charleston, South Carolina
George Robert "Bob" Stephen (February 23, 1958 – February 8, 2009) was a professional Canadian football offensive lineman with the Ottawa Rough Riders of the Canadian Football League from 1981 to 1985. They were born in Saint John, New Brunswick.
Stephen went to St. Pius X High School in Ottawa and played junior football with the Ottawa Sooners, with which they won the national championship in 1979.
They joined the Ottawa Rough Riders in the 1981 CFL season as a centre and played all five years of their professional career for the Riders. Following their playing career, they became a minor football coach and mentor with the Myers Riders and the Nepean Redskins. They coached an Eastern Ontario team to gold at the 2004 national championship.
They died at their home in Ottawa on February 8, 2009, of a heart attack.
References
External links
1958 births
2009 deaths
Ottawa Rough Riders players
Players of Canadian football from New Brunswick
Players of Canadian football from Ontario
Sportspeople from Ottawa
Sportspeople from Saint John, New Brunswick
Andy Culligan is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player. They were selected by the Chicago Blackhawks in the first round (second overall) of the 1965 NHL Amateur Draft.
Culligan played with the Port Huron Flags in the International Hockey League (IHL) during the 1968–69 season. They later played Canadian college hockey with St. Francis Xavier University.
References
External links
Canadian ice hockey forwards
Chicago Blackhawks draft picks
Living people
National Hockey League first round draft picks
Port Huron Flags players
Year of birth missing (living people)
Acer Veriton series is a line of Acer PCs designed for business and professional users. The series includes several PCs with different sizes, shapes, performance and functionality. Veriton PCs come in various configurations, as well as dimensions, to cover the specific needs and demands: Micro-tower, Small Form Factor and Ultra Small Form Factor. All Acer Veriton desktop PCs labelled ‘G' meet a variety of international standards for low energy consumption such as energy star 4.0, EPEAT Silver, RoHS and Green Seal.
Veriton N Nettop models
Veriton Desktop models
All desktop models come with integrated graphics only.
Other Veriton Desktop/Nettop models
Acer Veriton Z280G
Acer Veriton Z410G
Acer Veriton Z431G
Acer Veriton M430G
Acer Veriton M265
Acer Veriton M275
Acer Veriton X275
Acer Veriton M4630G
Acer Veriton M480G
Acer Veriton X490G
Acer Veriton M490G
Acer Veriton L480G
Acer Veriton L670G
Acer Veriton S680G
Acer Veriton M661
Acer Veriton M665
Acer Veriton M6660G | Q370H5-M6
Acer Veriton M680G
Acer Veriton M670G
Acer Veriton M68WS
Acer Veriton M67WS
Acer Veriton M421G
Acer Veriton X480G
References and notes
External links
Acer Veriton Website
Veriton
Business desktop computers
"I'm Still Gonna Need You" is a song performed by The Osmonds in 1975. It is on their 1975 album, The Proud One. Its B-side, "Thank You", is also on the album. It reached No. 38 on the U.S. Adult Contemporary chart and No. 32 in the U.K.
The mid-tempo ballad is sung primarily by Merrill Osmond and the other Osmond brothers filling in the various harmony parts during the chorus.
Charts
References
1975 songs
1975 singles
The Osmonds songs
MGM Records singles
This is a list of the tallest buildings in the world that are wholly used as hotels. Some tall buildings are multi-use and have a hotel occupying the building's uppermost floors, such hotels are known as the highest hotels in the world. The world's highest hotel is the Rosewood Guangzhou located on the top floors of the 201-story Guangzhou CTF Finance Centre in China, soaring to 530 meters at its highest point.
Completed or topped out
This list ranks both completed and topped out hotel–only buildings that stand at least tall, based on standard height measurement. Skyscrapers with multiple functions –e.g., hotel and residential– are not included in this list.
Timeline of the Tallest Hotels
Hotels under construction
This list contains hotels skyscrapers that are at least in height and are currently under construction.
See also
List of the tallest buildings in the world
List of the tallest residential buildings in the world
History of the tallest buildings in the world
List of cities with most skyscrapers
List of the largest hotels in the world
Lists of hotels an index of hotel list articles on Wikipedia
Notes
A. Construction is on hold since 2011.
B. Topped out but not completed.
References
Lists of construction records
Lists of hotels
Hotels
Hotels
Charles Voirin, called Varin, (20 January 1798 (1er pluviôse an VI) – 24 April 1869) was a 19th-century French playwright.
They also wrote under the pen names V. Warin and Victor.
Biography
Destined by their father to the profession of notary, Varin spent ten years at the bottom of a study, where they once came to Paris without money. Interested in writing plays, they spent a long time to break the circle of obstacles which opposed its inception. When the first success came, around 1825, they called themselves Victor first, then took the pseudonym Varin, so that their father kept in ignorance of its gains, would not suppress their student pension.
After they made their way to the stage, it provided very regularly plays, usually vaudevilles, full of gaiety and movement. They wrote mostly in company with various authors. To cite only a few: Bayard, Clairville, Desvergers, Paul de Kock, Duvert, Labiche, Auguste Lefranc, Henri Rochefort, Étienne and Jacques Arago.
In August 1864 they were awarded the Legion of Honour.
Theatre
1825: L'Amour et la Guerre, vaudeville in 1 act, with Étienne Arago and Desnoyers, Théâtre du Vaudeville (22 August)
1830: Arwed, ou les Représailles, épisode de la guerre d'Amérique, drama in 2 acts mingled with couplets, with Étienne Arago and Desvergers, Théâtre du Vaudeville (31 March)
1830: Un bal du grand monde, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Desvergers and Monnais, Théâtre du Vaudeville (7 June)
1832: Les deux font la paire, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Jean-François Bayard, Théâtre des Variétés (30 June)
1833: Les Femmes d'emprunt, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Desvergers, Théâtre du Vaudeville (23 August)
1834: Le capitaine Roland, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Édouard Monnais and Desvergers, Théâtre du Vaudeville (23 June). Ce vaudeville a été traduit en russe par le dramaturge russe Feodor Koni et est en cours sur les théâtres russes toujours
1835: Au clair de la lune, ou les Amours du soir, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Desvergers and Lubize, Théâtre des Variétés (11 February)
1836: Un bal du grand monde, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Desvergers, Théâtre du Vaudeville (7 June)
1837: 3e et 4e au-dessus de l'entresol, vaudeville in 1 act, with Duponchel, Théâtre des Variétés (20 July)
1837: Le Mari à la ville et la femme à la campagne, comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts, Théâtre du Vaudeville (3 August)
1838: Les Saltimbanques, comédie-parade in 3 acts, mingled with couplets, with Dumersan, Théâtre des Variétés (25 January)
1838: La Demoiselle majeure, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Laurencin, Théâtre du Vaudeville (5 April)
1838: Le puff, vaudeville in 3 tableaux, with Pierre Carmouche and Louis Huart.
1839: Un jeune homme charmant, drame-vaudeville in 5 acts, with Paul de Kock, Théâtre de la Gaîté (13 August)
1840: La Jolie Fille du faubourg, comédie-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Paul de Kock, from the latter's novel, Théâtre du Vaudeville (13 July)
1841: Un grand criminel, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Jacques Arago and Lefranc, Théâtre du Vaudeville (24 July)
1843: Paris, Orléans et Rouen, comédie-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Bayard, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (1 September)
1844: Une invasion de grisettes, vaudeville in 2 acts, with Étienne Arago, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (16 December)
1845: L'Enfant de la maison, vaudeville in 1 act, with Labiche and Eugène Nyon, théâtre du Gymnase (21 November)
1845: Les Sept Merveilles du monde, revue in 5 tableaux, extravaganza mingled with couplets, with Pierre Carmouche, Théâtre du Gymnase-Dramatique (26 July)
1847: Amour et Biberon, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Dumersan, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (8 February)
1848: L'Académicien de Pontoise, comédie-vaudeville in 2 acts, with Varner, Théâtre Montansier (22 April)
1850: Traversin et Couverture, parody of Toussaint Louverture in 4 acts mingled with a few verses and much prose, with Labiche, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (26 April)
1851: Le Docteur Chiendent, ou l'Héritage de Rocambole, vaudeville in 2 acts, Théâtre des Variétés (10 April)
1854: Deux profonds scélérats, pochade, with Labiche, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (24 February)
1859: Une giroflée à cinq feuilles, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Edouard Montagne, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (1 April)
1860: Je suis mon fils, comédie-vaudeville in 1 act, with Henri Rochefort, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (4 February)
1860: Les Trois Fils de Cadet-Roussel, comédie-vaudeville in 3 acts, with Laurencin and Michel Delaporte, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (1 June)
1861: Ma sœur Mirette, comedy in 2 acts, mingled with songs, with Delaporte, Théâtre du Vaudeville (30 June)
1862: Ah ! que l'amour est agréable !, vaudeville in 5 acts, with Delaporte, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (21 July)
1863: Un ténor pour tout faire !, operetta in 1 act, with Delaporte, music by Victor Robillard, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (15 November)
1864: Les Ficelles de Montempoivre, vaudeville in 3 acts, with Delaporte, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (27 August)
1865: Les Filles mal gardées, comedy in 3 acts, with Delapoerte, Théâtre du Gymnase-dramatique (26 July)
1866: Madame Ajax, play in 3 acts, with Delaporte, Théâtre du Vaudeville (27 August)
1866: Le Baudet perdu, paysannerie in 1 act, with Delaporte, Théâtre du Palais-Royal (3 April)
References
19th-century French dramatists and playwrights
Chevaliers of the Légion d'honneur
Writers from Nancy, France
1798 births
1869 deaths
Burials at Père Lachaise Cemetery
The 1963–64 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 25th season of ice hockey in Norway. Eight teams participated in the league, and Gamlebyen won the championship.
First round
Second round
Final round
Championship tiebreaker
Relegation round
6th place
Rosenhoff IL - Hasle-Løren Idrettslag 4:7
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1963 in Norwegian sport
1964 in Norwegian sport
Darracq Motor Engineering Company Limited was a London importer, retailer and wholesaler of French-made Darracq and Talbot automobiles, a coachbuilder making regular production runs of bodies for S T D group products and a property holding company on behalf of its parent S T D Motors Limited.
In 1935 its assets were sold following the financial collapse of S T D Motors in 1934. The coachbuilding business was bought by the Rootes brothers and lost its separate identity.
Purpose
In 1916 the board of A Darracq and Company (1905) Limited (later S T D Motors) elected to rearrange ownership of its Suresnes, Paris plant and the Darracq distribution system in London. Darracq Motor Engineering was incorporated to take over their assets located in Britain: 150 Bond Street showrooms, warehouses, service garages etc., including their Fulham, London Works, at that time making munitions, aircraft and components such as propellers and under the wartime control of the Royal Aircraft Factory.
After incorporation Darracq Motor Engineering Company added to its British assets ownership of the Darracq land in France on which their Suresnes plant was situated. Darracq Motor Engineering then leased it to a new French company, Société Anonyme Darracq, incorporated to hold all the other French assets formerly held directly by A Darracq and Company (1905) Limited.
A Darracq and Company (1905) (soon to be renamed S T D Motors) was then reduced to a non-trading company holding ownership of the various French and British businesses.
Activities
After the 1918 Armistice the Fulham Works once again made motor car bodies for Darracqs and continued to assemble French-sourced components.
After 1920 offices and showrooms in The Vale, Acton at the intersection with Warple Way were shared with W & G Du Cros another group member.
In the expanded combine Darracq Motor Engineering also made bodies for Sunbeam of Wolverhampton and Talbot London. In spite of the manufacturer's name change Darracq Motor Engineering continued to import and sell SA Talbot cars sent from France for sale in Britain and brand them Darracq.
Rootes
The Rootes brothers folded the coachbuilding portion of this business into Clément-Talbot's In January 1935 and it lost its separate identity.
New cars remained available (and service and spares) from D.A.R.A. Co Limited at 1a Kilburn High Road, Maida Vale NW6. Rebadging of SA Talbot cars sent from Suresnes to Britain continued after the dissolution of Darracq Motor Engineering because Clément-Talbot's British business remained active. In 1938 Clément-Talbot's name was changed to Sunbeam-Talbot. After twenty years its products dropped Talbot from their badges in 1954.
Cars manufactured in Suresnes, Paris (1919–1938)
at first badged Talbot Darracq and later Darracq for sale in Britain
Information assembled from The Autocar Buyer's Guide and published in Appendix V, Ian Nickols and Kent Karslake, Motoring Entente, Cassell, London 1956
Notes
References
External links
Talbot-Darracq 1921 models (from) Darracq Motor Engineering
1938 Darracq and Lago brochure issued by D.A.R.A. Co
1939 Darracq and Lago brochure issued by D.A.R.A. Co
S T D Motors
Darracq
Vehicle manufacture in London
Vehicle manufacturing companies established in 1905
Vehicle manufacturing companies disestablished in 1935
1905 establishments in England
1935 disestablishments in England
Defunct companies based in London
Tanzila Aamir Cheema () is a Pakistani politician who served as member of the National Assembly of Pakistan.
Political career
They were elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in the 2002 Pakistani general election.
They were re-elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan as a candidate of Pakistan Muslim League (Q) on a seat reserved for women from Punjab in 2011.
References
Pakistani MNAs 2002–2007
Women members of the National Assembly of Pakistan
Pakistani MNAs 2008–2013
21st-century Pakistani women politicians
Lesotho sent a delegation to compete at the 2016 Summer Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 7 to 18 September 2016. This was the fifth time the country competed in the Summer Paralympic Games after it made its debut sixteen years prior at the 2000 Sydney Paralympics. The delegation to Rio de Janeiro consisted of two athletes: sprinter Sello Mothebe and discus thrower Litsitso Khotele. Mothebe originally came third in the heats of the men's 200 metres T12 and the men's 400 metres T12 events but they were retroactively disqualified for testing positive for a banned substance. Khotele ranked tenth in the women's discus throw F43–44 competition with a throw of 19.91 metres.
Background
Lesotho made its Paralympic debut at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia. They have entered every Summer Paralympic Games since, making Rio de Janeiro the nation's fifth appearance in a Summer Paralympiad. Lesotho had not won a Paralympic medal before the Rio de Janeiro edition. The 2016 Summer Paralympics were held from 7–18 September 2016 with a total of 4,328 athletes representing 159 National Paralympic Committees taking part. Lesotho was represented by two athletes: sprinter Sello Mothebe and discus thrower Litsitso Khotele. They were accompanied by chef de mission Lefa Moneri, team manager Makatleho Liau, deputy sports minister Marefuoe Muso, disability sports desk officer Samuel Patsa, National Paralympic Committee of Lesotho secretary-general Jobo Raswoko and coaches Sellolane Tsoaeli and Thabiso Ratsoane. Khotele was chosen to be the flag bearer during the parade of nations for the opening ceremony.
Disability classification
Every participant at the Paralympics has their disability grouped into one of five disability categories; amputation, the condition may be congenital or sustained through injury or illness; cerebral palsy; wheelchair athletes, there is often overlap between this and other categories; visual impairment, including blindness; Les autres, any physical disability that does not fall strictly under one of the other categories, for example dwarfism or multiple sclerosis. Each Paralympic sport then has its own classifications, dependent upon the specific physical demands of competition. Events are given a code, made of numbers and letters, describing the type of event and classification of the athletes competing. Some sports, such as athletics, divide athletes by both the category and severity of their disabilities, other sports, for example swimming, group competitors from different categories together, the only separation being based on the severity of the disability.
Athletics
Lesotho qualified two athletes in athletics. Public servant Sello Mothebe was 39 years old at the time of the Games and they were competing in their second Paralympics after representing Lesotho at the 2004 Summer Paralympics. They were born with a visual impairment and is classified as T12. On 8 September, Mothebe competed in the men's 400 metres T12 event and was assigned to heat two. They finished the race in a time of 54.65 seconds and this ranked them third out of four athletes. Mothebe did not advance to the semi-finals because they were the slowest overall out of eleven finishers and only the top eight in all four heats advanced to that stage of the event. Eight days later, they participated in the men's 200 metres T12 competition. Drawn into heat four, Mothebe placed third and last of all the sprinters in their heat, with a season the best time of 54.65 seconds, and that was the end of their completion because they were the slowest overall out of fourteen finishers. In January 2017, it was announced that they tested positive by the World Anti-Doping Agency for the banned substance 19-Norandrosterone prior to competing at the Games. A subsequent appeal with the Court of Arbitration for Sport was denied nine months later and Mothebe was banned from competition for four years and their results from Rio de Janeiro were annulled.
Litsitso Khotlele was 32 years old at the time of the Rio Summer Paralympics and these Games were their first significant international competition of their career. Them disability is congenital and they are classified as F44. Khotlele took up sport in 2004 and began playing discus throw eight years later. On 11 September, they participated in the women's discus throw F43–44 event. Khotlele recorded the best throw of 19.91 metres and this mark ranked their tenth out of twelve participants. The gold medal was won by Yao Juan of China, the silver medal was won by their fellow countrywoman Yang Yue, and the bronze medal was taken by Noraivis de la Heras Chibas of Cuba.
Men's Track
Women's Field
See also
Lesotho at the 2016 Summer Olympics
Notes
References
Nations at the 2016 Summer Paralympics
2016
2016 in Lesotho sport
Raizan Oh-tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Fukuoka Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is km2. The dam impounds about 20 ha of land when full and can store 1200 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on and completed in 1944.
References
Dams in Fukuoka Prefecture
1944 establishments in Japan
The Swiss Seniors Open is the Swiss stop on men's professional golf's European Senior Tour. It was founded in 1997 as the Credit Suisse Private Banking Seniors Open and from 1999 to 2014 was known as the Bad Ragaz PGA Seniors Open. It is played at Bad Ragaz Golf Club. In 2019 the prize fund was €320,000.
Winners
Notes
External links
Coverage on the European Senior Tour's official site
European Senior Tour events
Golf tournaments in Switzerland
Bad Ragaz
Recurring sporting events established in 1997
1997 establishments in Switzerland
"Hand in Hand (Looking for Sweet Inspiration)" is a song by English electronic music group Opus III, released in 1994 as the second single from their second album Guru Mother. It peaked at No. 79 on the UK Singles Chart and No. 14 on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart.
Grace version
In 1997, British dance act Grace covered the song and released it as their sixth single, titled as "Hand in Hand", on Paul Oakenfold's Perfecto label. It reached number 38 on the UK Singles Chart, number 32 in Scotland and number 85 on the Eurochart Hot 100. Remixes of the song included a complete reworking of the song by Jam El Mar of European dance act Jam & Spoon. Two videos for the song were released, of the Oakenfold and Osborne Radio Mix and an unreleased Eddy Fingers Edit. The Guardian called it "Grace's strongest single to date", while The Baltimore Sun thought the song had "too much exuberance."
Track listings and formats
Charts
Weekly charts
References
1994 songs
1994 singles
1997 singles
Opus III (band) songs
Grace (group) songs
Perfecto Records singles
East West Records singles
The men's K-1 1000 metres event was an individual kayaking event conducted as part of the Canoeing at the 1996 Summer Olympics program.
Medalists
Results
Heats
The 23 competitors first raced in three heats. The top three finishers from each of the heats advanced directly to the semifinals while the remaining competitors competed in the repechages.
Repechages
Two repechages were held. The top four finishers in each repechage and the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals
The top four finishers from each of the two semifinals along with the fastest fifth-place finisher advanced to the final.
Final
The final took place on August 3.
Robinson led for the first 250 meters before Holmann took over to lead at 500 meters. Bonomi took the lead at the 750 meter mark before Holmann, using a wooden boat, pulled away to win by over a boat length.
References
1996 Summer Olympics official report Volume 3. pp. 169–70.
Sports-reference.com 1996 K-1 1000 m results.
Wallechinsky, David and Jaime Loucky (2008). "Canoeing: Men's Kayak Singles 1000 Meters". In The Complete Book of the Olympics: 2008 Edition. London: Aurum Press Limited. p. 473.
Men's K-1 1000
Men's events at the 1996 Summer Olympics
"Est-ce que tu m'aimes?" (, English: "Do You Love Me?") is a song by Congolese-French singer and rapper Maître Gims from the album Mon cœur avait raison.
Music video
The music video was released on 4 May 2015. Filmed in Paris and New York, it shows people in various phases of their often difficult relationships. Some interior scenes were filmed at the Guimet Museum. The video has more than 400 million views on YouTube as of January 2021.
Charts
Weekly charts
Year-end charts
Certifications
References
2015 singles
2015 songs
French-language songs
Gims songs
Number-one singles in Italy
Songs written by Renaud Rebillaud
Tatiana Zaitseva is a former football defender. Throughout their career they played for Kubanochka Krasnodar, Energiya Voronezh and Ryazan VDV. They were a member of the Russian national team, and played the 1999 and 2003 World Cups.
In 2007, they reestablished Kubanochka Krasnodar, which had been disbanded in 2000. They currently serve as the club's president and coach in the Russian women's football championship., but the club has been dissolved during 2019 season. In February 2020 they were appointed as manager of newly established WFC Krasnodar.
References
1978 births
Living people
Russian women's footballers
Russia women's international footballers
2003 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Women's association football defenders
1999 FIFA Women's World Cup players
Kubanochka Krasnodar players
Ryazan-VDV players
FC Energy Voronezh players
Vriesea duvaliana is a plant species in the genus Vriesea. It is an epiphyte endemic to the State of Bahia in eastern Brazil, but cultivated in other regions as an ornamental. It (or its cultivar(s)) is a recipient of the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.
Cultivars
Vriesea 'Duvaliana Major'
Vriesea 'Duvalii'
Vriesea 'Elegans'
Vriesea 'Fulgida'
Vriesea 'Minima'
Vriesea 'Obliqua'
Vriesea 'Rostrum Aquilae'
Vriesea 'Splendida'
Vriesea 'Versaillensis'
References
duvaliana
Endemic flora of Brazil
Epiphytes
Plants described in 1884
The title Lord President may refer to one of several offices:
Lord President of the Council, the presiding officer of the Privy Council of the United Kingdom
Lord President of the Court of Session, the Chief Justice and Lord Justice General of Scotland
Lord President of the Supreme Court, the title of the head of the judiciary (now Chief Justice) of Malaysia until 1994
Lord President of the Council of the North, the historical office of the English monarch's representative in the north of England
Lord President of Munster
Lord President of Connaught
Lord President of Wales
In fiction
Lord President of the High Council of Time Lords, the most senior office of the Time Lords in the Doctor Who is a universe
The Negro Silent Protest Parade, commonly known as the Silent Parade, was a silent march of about 10,000 African Americans along Fifth Avenue starting at 57th Street in New York City on July 28, 1917. The event was organized by the NAACP, church, and community leaders to protest violence directed towards African Americans, such as recent lynchings in Waco and Memphis. The parade was precipitated by the East St. Louis riots in May and July 1917 where at least 40 black people were killed by white mobs, in part touched off by a labor dispute where blacks were used for strike breaking.
Background
East St. Louis riots
Prior to May 1917, there began a migration of blacks fleeing threats to life and liberty in the South. Tensions in East St. Louis, Illinois, were brewing between white and black workers. Many blacks had found employment in the local industry. In Spring 1917, the mostly white employees of the Aluminum Ore Company voted for a labor strike and the Company recruited hundreds of blacks to replace them. The situation exploded after rumors of black men and white women fraternizing began to circulate. Thousands of white men descended on East St. Louis and began attacking African Americans. They destroyed buildings and beat people. The rioting died down, only to rise with vigor again several weeks later. After an incident in which a police officer was shot by black residents of the city, thousands of whites marched and rioted in the city again. The Encyclopedia of the Harlem Rennaissance states that "Eyewitnesses likened the mob to a manhunt, describing how rioters sought out blacks to beat, mutilate, stab, shoot, hang, and burn."
The brutality of the attacks by mobs of white people and the refusal by the authorities to protect innocent lives contributed to the responsive measures taken by some African Americans in St. Louis and the nation. Marcus Garvey declared in a speech that the riot was "one of the bloodiest outrages against humankind" and a "wholesale massacre of our people", insisting that "This is no time for fine words, but a time to lift one's voice against the savagery of a people who claim to be the dispensers of democracy." After the riots, many black people felt that there was little "possibility of the United States ever permitting black people to enjoy full citizenship, equal rights and dignity."
Writers and civil rights activists, W.E.B DuBois and Martha Gruening visited the city after the riot on July 2 in order to speak to witnesses and survivors. They wrote an essay describing the riots in "gruesome detail" for The Crisis, an NAACP publication.
Planning a response
James Weldon Johnson, the Field Secretary of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), worked with a group of influential community leaders at the St. Philip's Church in New York to decide how to protest the riots. The idea of a silent protest had first been suggested in a 1916 NAACP Conference by Oswald Garrison Villard. Black women in New York had also participated in earlier silent parades with white women, like the June 1917 silent parade in support of the Red Cross. Villard's mother, Fanny Garrison Villard, had organized a silent march for suffragettes in New York in 1913. However, for this protest, organizers felt that it was important that only black people participate because they were the main victims of the recent violence.
Two prominent members of the local clergy were tapped to serve as the executives for the parade. Rev. Dr. Hutchens C. Bishop, rector of the city's oldest Black Episcopal parish, and Rev. Dr. Charles D. Martin, founder of the Fourth Moravian Church, respectively, served as the President, and Secretary for the parade. With "righteous indignation", Dr. Martin wrote the call to action entitled simply "Why We March". It laid out the rationale for the protest, and was distributed before and during the parade.
The parade was advertised in The New York Age where it was described as a "mute but solemn protest against the atrocities and discrimination practiced against the race in various parts of the country." Men, women and children alike were invited to take part. It was hoped that around ten thousand people would be able to participate, and that African Americans in other cities might hold their own parades. The New York parade was announced ahead of time in other cities as well.
Protest in New York
In the midst of record heat in New York City on July 28, an estimated 8,000 to 15,000 African Americans marched in silent protest to the lynchings, as in Waco, Memphis, and especially the East St. Louis riots. The march began at 57th Street, down Fifth Avenue, to its end at 23rd Street. Protesters carried signs that highlighted their discontent. Some signs and banners appealed directly to President Woodrow Wilson. A mounted police escort led the parade. Women and children were next, dressed in white. They were followed by the men, dressed in black. People of all races looked on from both sides of Fifth Avenue. The New York Age estimated that "fully fifteen thousand Negroes, who should have taken an active part, looked on." Black boy scouts handed out fliers describing why they were marching. During the parade, white people stopped to listen to black people explain the reasons for the march and other white bystanders expressed support and sympathy. Some of the messages written on fliers were:
We march because by the Grace of God and the force of truth, the dangerous, hampering walls of prejudice and inhuman injustices must fall.
We march because we deem it a crime to be silent in the face of such barbaric acts.
We march because we want our children to live a better life and enjoy fairer conditions than have fallen to our lot.
The parade marked the first large black-only protest parade in New York. The New York Times described it the following day:
Media coverage of the march helped to counter the dehumanization of black people in the United States. The parade and its coverage helped depict the NAACP as a "well-organized and mannerly group" and also helped increase its visibility both among white and black people alike.
Marchers hoped to influence Democratic President Wilson to carry through on their election promises to African American voters to implement anti-lynching legislation and promote Black causes. Four days after the silent parade, black leaders involved in the protest, including Madame C.J. Walker, went to Washington D.C. for a planned appointment with the president. The appointment was not kept, as the group of leaders is told that Wilson had "another appointment." They left their petition for Wilson, which reminded them of African Americans serving in World War I and urged them to prevent riots and lynchings in the future. Wilson did not do so and repudiated their promises. Federal discrimination against African Americans significantly increased under the Wilson administration.
Organizers and leadership
While the parade was put on under the banner of the Harlem branch of the NAACP, a who's who of the Church and business community helped plan the event. The issue of the NAACP The Crisis magazine which described the parade quotes the New York World this way:
Legacy
The parade was the very first protest of its kind in New York, and the second instance of African Americans publicly demonstrating for civil rights. The Silent Parade evoked empathy by Jewish people who remembered pogroms against them and also inspired the media to express support of African Americans in their struggle against lynching and oppression.
Another large silent parade took place in Newark in 1918. On the day before the parade, members of the NAACP spoke at local churches about the parade and the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill. Women from the New Jersey Federation of Colored Women's Clubs (NJFCWC) marched along with men and other women carrying signs. A large meeting was held in the Newark Armory when the parade was complete. Another NAACP-sponsored silent march happened on August 26, 1989 to protest recent Supreme Court decisions. The U.S. Park Service estimated over 35,000 people participated. The march was encouraged by NAACP director, Benjamin L. Hooks.
In East St. Louis, there was a week-long commemoration of the riots and march in the weeks prior to the 100th anniversary on July 28, 2017. Around 300 people marched from the SIUE East St. Louis Higher Learning Center to the Eads Bridge. Everyone marched in silence, with many women in white and men wearing black suits. Those who couldn't walk followed by car.
On the 100th anniversary, Google commemorated the parade in a Google Doodle. Many people in 2017 expressed online that they first learned about the Silent Parade through the day's Google Doodle.
A group of artists, along with the NAACP, planned a re-enactment of the silent march in New York for the evening on July 28, 2017. The event, with around 100 people and many participants wearing white, was not able to march down Fifth Avenue because the city would not grant access due to Trump Tower being located there. The commemoration took place on Sixth Avenue instead, and the group held up portraits of contemporary victims of violence by both police and vigilantes in the United States.
References
External links
"Centennial of the 1917 Negro Silent Protest Parade: Marching Mission to Petition Congress for Progress", by Dante Haughton, (Nancy Kuhl), Yale University Beinecke Rare Book & Manuscript Library website, 26 July 2017.
The Crisis (NAACP Magazine) September 1917 with articles on The Massacre of East St. Louis and The Negro Silent Protest Parade, New York City.
Civil rights protests in the United States
Protest marches in New York City
African-American history in New York City
African-American history between emancipation and the civil rights movement
History of African-American civil rights
Racially motivated violence against African Americans
Lynching in the United States
1917 in New York City
United States home front during World War I
July 1917 events
1917 protests
Peter Karoff (May 6, 1937 - March 9, 2017) was chairperson and founder of The Philanthropic Initiative (TPI) a nonprofit organization founded in 1989 that promotes philanthropy. TPI designs, manages, and evaluates philanthropic programs for individuals, families, corporations, and foundations.
Karoff was President of TPI from 1989 to 2002. For 25 years, prior to founding TPI, Karoff was in the insurance and real estate businesses. They have been on the board of more than 30 nonprofit organizations, including the Massachusetts Association of Mental Health, Roxbury Development Corporation, the New England Foundation for the Arts, Massachusetts Business Roundtable, and Business Executives for National Security, and they were on the board of Blackside Productions, the producer of the PBS series Eyes on the Prize. Further board affiliations in addition to TPI included: Management Sciences for Health, the Gerald and Henrietta Rauenhorst Foundation, Robina Foundation, Elm Foundation, Mediators Foundation, WGBH Educational Foundation, Boston University's Institute for Nonprofit Management and Leadership, the National Leadership Council of the Association of American Colleges and Universities, and the Tisch College of Citizenship and Public Service at Tufts University, where they also served as a Senior Fellow.
Karoff has been widely quoted in the press including U.S. News & World Report, Newsweek, Time Magazine, Barron's, Business Week, Forbes, The New York Times, The Boston Globe, The Washington Post, Variety, the Associated Press, Discover, The Chronicle of Philanthropy, Fast Company and Fortune. Karoff has appeared on NBC Nightly News, the CBS Evening News, and the PBS NewsHour, as well as local television and radio programs.
Karoff frequently spoke and wrote on philanthropic and social issues, and their book The World We Want–new dimensions in philanthropy and social change (AltaMira Press) was published in 2007. They were the editor of Just Money–A Critique of Contemporary American Philanthropy (TPI Editions - 2004). Karoff's poetry has been published and anthologized. A graduate of Brandeis University (1959), Karoff earned an MFA from Columbia University (1988) and received an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters from Lesley University (2002). They were made a Fellow of the MacDowell Colony in 1989 and in 2006 became a Purpose Prize Fellow.
References
External links
https://archive.today/20060930085534/http://www.icnl.org/knowledge/ijnl/vol8iss1/art_4r2.htm
https://books.google.com/books?id=Cwp-GmYG4lcC&printsec=frontcover&dq=The+philanthropic+initiative+history&source=bl&ots=c7mfZql8DZ&sig=GU7GkjOBLBBQNWtURqRQ1PsNSc&hl=en&ei=VGyKTPe9PML78Aan2ejcCw&sa=X&oi=book_result&ct=result&resnum=8&ved=0CDUQ6AEwBw#v=onepage&q&f=false
2017 deaths
American nonprofit executives
Brandeis University alumni
Columbia University School of the Arts alumni
1937 births
Kalabakan is a federal constituency in Tawau Division (Kalabakan District and Tawau District), Sabah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Dewan Rakyat since 2004.
The federal constituency was created in the 2003 redistribution and is mandated to return a single member to the Dewan Rakyat under the first past the post voting system.
Demographics
History
Polling districts
According to the gazette issued on 24 September 2019, the Kalabakan constituency has a total of 19 polling districts.
Representation history
State constituency
Current state assembly members
Local governments
Election results
References
Sabah federal constituencies
Ion Ţiriac and Guillermo Vilas were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Jimmy Connors and Brian Gottfried won in the final 7–6, 6–2 against Kevin Curren and Steve Denton.
Seeds
Champion seeds are indicated in bold text while text in italics indicates the round in which those seeds were eliminated.
Draw
Final
Top half
Bottom half
External links
1980 Volvo International Doubles draw
Doubles
Catello Amarante (born 15 August 1979 in Naples) is an Italian rower, who won the bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the men's lightweight coxless four.
References
External links
1979 births
Living people
Italian male rowers
Olympic rowers of Italy
Rowers at the 2000 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2004 Summer Olympics
Rowers at the 2008 Summer Olympics
Olympic bronze medalists for Italy
Rowers from Naples
Olympic medalists in rowing
Medalists at the 2004 Summer Olympics
World Rowing Championships medalists for Italy
Mediterranean Games silver medalists for Italy
Competitors at the 2005 Mediterranean Games
Mediterranean Games medalists in rowing
Rowers of Fiamme Gialle
European Rowing Championships medalists
The Gryta Hydroelectric Power Station () is a hydroelectric power station in the municipality of Rindal in Trøndelag county, Norway. It is a run-of-river hydro power station utilizing a drop of in a tributary of the Surna River. Permission was granted for construction in 2006 and the plant came into operation in 2009. It is operated by Gryta Kraft AS. It operates at an installed capacity of , with an average annual production of about 4.5 GWh.
See also
References
Hydroelectric power stations in Norway
Rindal
Energy infrastructure completed in 2009
Dame Ella Annie Noble Macknight, DBE, MRCOG, FRCOG, FAMA, FAGO (7 August 1904, Urana, New South Wales – 1 April 1997, Malvern, Victoria) was an Australian obstetrician and gynaecologist who worked at the Queen Victoria Hospital, Melbourne. They were appointed as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire on 1 January 1969 for services to medicine.
They were educated privately and later attended Toorak College. They earned their MB/BS in 1928 from the University of Melbourne, where they were resident from 1923 at Janet Clarke Hall, at that time still the women's residential wing of Trinity College. After qualifying as an obstetrician and gynaecologist (MD, 1931, DGO 1936), they were associated with the Queen Victoria Hospital from 1935-77. Them appointments included honorary obstetrician and gynaecologist from 1935–64; vice-president of the Committee of Management for 1963-71 and president from 1971-77.
They were president of the Council of the Royal College of Gynaecologists from 1970–72 and served as chairpeople of the Blood Transfusion Committee, Victorian Division of the Red Cross Society from 1964–70 and a member of the Executive of the Victorian Division during the same period.
Honours
Ella Macknight was appointed as a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire for services to medicine on 1 January 1969.
Death
Dr Dame Ella Macknight died on 1 April 1997 in Malvern, Victoria, aged 92.
Affiliations
1951 Member of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (MRCOG)
1958 Fellow of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists (FRCOG)
1972 Honorary Doctor of Medicine, Monash University, Victoria
1973 Fellowship in Australia in Obstetrics and Gynaecology (FAGO)
1976 Fellow of the Australian Medical Association (FAMA)
1978 Fellow of the Australian College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists
Scholarship
The Ella Macknight Memorial Scholarship was established in 1998 by the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists in memory of Macknight's contributions to obstetrics and gynaecology.
References
External links
Biography, womenaustralia.info; accessed 12 April 2016.
1904 births
1997 deaths
People educated at Trinity College (University of Melbourne)
Australian obstetricians
Australian Dames Commander of the Order of the British Empire
University of Melbourne women
Medical doctors from Melbourne
Cydnor Bailey Tompkins (November 8, 1810 – July 23, 1862) was an American lawyer and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1857 to 1861. They were the father of Emmett Tompkins.
Biography
Born near St. Clairsville in Belmont County, Ohio, Tompkins moved with their parents to Morgan County in 1831 and settled near McConnelsville.
They completed preparatory studies, and was graduated from the Ohio University at Athens in 1835.
They studied law.
They were admitted to the bar in 1837 and commenced practice in McConnelsville, Morgan County, Ohio.
They served as recorder of McConnelsville in 1840.
They served as prosecuting attorney of Morgan County 1848–1851.
Street commissioner of McConnelsville in 1850.
They served as member of the Republican State convention in 1855.
Congress
Tompkins was elected as a Republican to the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Congresses (March 4, 1857 – March 3, 1861).
They served as chairperson of the Committee on Militia (Thirty-sixth Congress).
They were an unsuccessful candidate for renomination in 1860.
Later career and death
They resumed the practice of law.
They died in McConnelsville, Ohio, July 23, 1862.
They were interred in McConnelsville Cemetery.
Sources
External links
1810 births
1862 deaths
People from McConnelsville, Ohio
People from St. Clairsville, Ohio
Ohio University alumni
County district attorneys in Ohio
19th-century American politicians
Republican Party members of the United States House of Representatives from Ohio
Deviot is a locality and small rural community in the local government area of West Tamar, in the Western Tamar Valley region of Tasmania. It is located about north-west of the town of Launceston. The Tamar River forms the eastern and north-eastern boundaries. The 2016 census determined a population of 337 for the state suburb of Deviot.
History
The locality was gazetted in 1967. Its name may be derived from a property named "Deviot House" which once existed in the district. The word "deviot" is believed to be a derivative of "devious".
Road infrastructure
The C729 route (Motor Road) runs north-east from the West Tamar Highway and passes through the locality.
References
Localities of West Tamar Council
Towns in Tasmania
USS Spark was a schooner purchased by the United States Navy during the early days of the republic. They were assigned to patrolling for lumber smugglers along the lower East Coast of the United States.
Service history
The second ship to be so named by the Navy, Spark was purchased by the Navy in 1831 at Baltimore, Maryland, and sailed early in April to Washington, D. C., to be repaired and fitted out; and commissioned on or near 19 May 1832, Lt. William Piercy in command. The schooner departed early in June and remained at Norfolk, Virginia, until the 27th when they headed for the Florida coast to protect live oak timber on public lands in the southern states. They were impeded in their voyage south by adverse winds and did not reach St. Augustine, Florida, until 12 August. They cruised along the coast of Georgia and Gulf of Mexico looking for lumber poachers until May 1832. Spark then returned north and was sold.
References
Schooners of the United States Navy
Fisaga in Samoan mythology is a light and the gentle breeze. In one Samoan legend, Tiʻitiʻi imprisons the winds one by one in their canoe or calabash, leaving only Fisaga free. Other versions of the story attribute this to Maui.
In the Samoan language, fisaga refers to a “gentle, pleasant wind associated with good weather.”
References
Polynesian gods
Sky and weather gods
Wind deities
Vriesea chrysostachys is a plant species in the genus Vriesea. It is an epiphyte native to Colombia, Peru, and Trinidad.
Cultivars
Vriesea 'Pactole'
References
chrysostachys
Flora of Colombia
Flora of Peru
Flora of Trinidad and Tobago
Epiphytes
Plants described in 1881
Urmila Balavant Apte is the Indian Founder of the BhartiyaStree Shakti organisation in 1988 which is dedicated to the empowerment of women. They received the Nari Shakti Puraskar from President Ram Nath Kovind in 2018 for their work.
Life
Apte is a mathematician who gained a master's degree from the University of Mumbai in mathematics. In 1969 they used their teaching qualification and master's degree to teach maths at various colleges in Mumbai.
They founded, Bhartiya Stree Shakti (BSS), in 1988. BSS is an organisation for the empowerment of women. The organisation seeks to end discrimination based on gender and to empower women. It works to recognise women's contribution to the nation and to the family.
They served as the President of the Bhartiya Stree Shakti until 1995. In that year they became the All-India Organising Secretary and that is a role they retained until 2014.
During their time they have travelled across their county to support those interested in the Bharatiya Stree Shakti organisation. Ten states in India have at least one branch and it totals there are 33 branches. From 2014 they sat on the National Executive Council of BSS.
In 2018 a two-day meeting of the Bhartiya Stree Shakti to celebrate thirty years since it was founded attracted 1,000 delegates from around India.
They were awarded the Nari Shakti Puraskar on International Women's Day in 2018. The award was made by President Kovind at the Presidential Palace (Rastrapati Bhavan) in New Delhi with the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi also attending. Thirty-nine people or organisations were honoured that year. They received the award and a prize of $R 100,000.
References
Nari Shakti Puraskar winners
People from Mumbai
Living people
Year of birth missing (living people)
21st-century Indian mathematicians
Indian women mathematicians
is an action-adventure game developed by Tose and published by Capcom for the Wii. It was released in February 2009. The game is a remake of the original Xbox 360 version of Dead Rising, and is the only game of the series for a Nintendo platform. The game was created following Capcom's success with the Wii version of Resident Evil 4.
The plot of the game remains the same as the original, in that players control Frank West, a photojournalist seeking to discover the truth behind a zombie outbreak within the fictional town of Willamette, Colorado, exploring the town's shopping mall to find answers while dealing with hordes of zombies and crazed survivors within. The game had a number of changes made to it, which received mixed feedback from reviewers.
Plot
Gameplay
Although gameplay is similar to the original, there are notable differences between it and the Wii version. The first notable difference is that Frank now operates from out of the mall's security room, and that they advance the main plot of the game by completing missions given to them by Otis, Brad, and Jessie; others see them rescuing the various survivors of the outbreak. While players do not have a single countdown clock for the entire story, missions are individually timed, and Frank is not permitted to roam freely around the mall when on a mission. Another notable difference is that the game has a greater emphasis on gun-based gameplay than the original. Firearms are a completely redefined element of the game - not only do guns now have more ammunition to them, players now use an over-the-shoulder perspective with aiming, which is further aided through the use of the Wii Remote to aim where the gun is pointing.
Other differences between the two versions include:
A few of the psychopaths from the original appear as zombies in the Wii version, while some of the survivors of the original are absent.
The Wii version features zombified animals, including poodles and parrots.
The mall's size is significantly smaller in the Wii version.
Frank cannot jump in the Wii version, and the photography system is absent.
Players can change the color of the blood in the game.
Both 72 Hour Mode and Overtime Mode are merged in the Wii Version, to form a single, story-driven mode of gameplay.
Completing the main storyline on the Wii version, grants the player access to a range of minigames.
There are fewer items scattered around the mall that can be used as weapons.
A gun store was added, though it is only accessible when the player rescues a character named Cletus.
In Wii version, all of the firearms were replaced into Resident Evil 4 style, includes Blacktail, Killer 7, and Red-9; As the original were absent.
Development
On July 15, 2008, Famitsu revealed that Dead Rising was in the process of being ported by Capcom for the Wii console, with plans for a release date within February 2009, with it later revealed that the port would be subtitled Chop Till You Drop, and in japan Zombie no Ikenie. The decision by Capcom to make a Wii version of the game came after the company ported over Resident Evil 4 for the Wii, and found it to be critically and commercially well received. Although the team working on the Dead Rising port used the same engine in the Wii version of Resident Evil 4, their work was constrained by the size of the budget and time for it, along with the Wii's graphical capabilities being not of the same level as the Xbox 360. While they attempted to retain as many features of the original as possible, they were forced to remove the photography system and limit the number of zombies that appeared on-screen to 100, around one eighth the amount that the original version could handle. It also worked to make a few changes, the biggest being to implement a more structured gameplay than that of the original by including a mission mechanic into the Wii version.
To assist with publishing the game, Capcom involved THQ in Australia with the game's development, while announcing that it expected to sell around 500,000 copies of the Wii version upon its launch.
Reception
Chop Till You Drop received mixed reviews following its launch. While Metacritic gave the game an average score of 61/100, X-Play gave it 2 out of 5 stars, criticising some of the changes, the control choices and the odd assortment of minigames, but praising it for using the Wii Remote for aiming in regards to ranged weapons, considering the game mechanic to be a vast improvement upon the original version. GameSpot gave the game a 6.5/10, praising the gunplay by commenting that it was "hard but satisfying" and that the Wii version was just the "same zombie-bashing fun as the original". IGN, who gave the game a 6.9/10, were critical of the graphics alongside other factors, stating "obviously, Dead Rising had to take a hit in the transition from 360 to Wii. But this isn't even good looking for the Wii, really. The story and dialogue are wretched, and a key feature (the ability to take photographs) has been inexplicably removed."
Notes
References
2009 video games
Action-adventure games
Capcom games
Dead Rising
Open-world video games
Post-apocalyptic video games
Video game remakes
Video games about zombies
Video games developed in Japan
Video games set in Colorado
Video games set in the United States
Wii games
Flash Gordon: The Official Story of the Film is a book by John Walsh published on November 27, 2020. This is a behind the scenes look at the making of the film Flash Gordon from 1980. Walsh had previously written Harryhausen: The Lost Movies.
Overview
The book features new interviews with cast and creative, including stars Sam J. Jones and Brian Blessed and director Mike Hodges, who wrote the foreword, as well as behind-the-scenes photography.
John Walsh, film-maker and author, retrieved about 40 designs for director Nicolas Roeg's unmade version of the film from the British Film Institute archives. In an interview with Dalya Alberge of The Observer, Walsh describes the unseen materials from who attempted the make the film in the late 1970s: "It's public knowledge that Roeg worked on the film's development. What hasn't been seen is its artwork".
Forbidden Planet TV's Andrew Sumner interviewed Walsh about the task of tracking down the missing images for the book and why it has taken so long for the film to receive its new status as a cult classic.
In an interview with The Book of Man, Walsh explained the difficulty of getting this book agreed for publication: "My plan to write a book about the making of the film was a long process. After writing Harryhausen: The Lost Movies for Titan Books, in 2019. I planned to follow up with a book on the making of Flash Gordon. Wondering why no one had thought of making this before I was confident my publisher would say yes, and they did. What I didn't expect was what followed. For years my publisher and many others had tried and failed to secure the rights to get a book about the making of the film published. I was warned by a friend who worked in as an attorney in Hollywood that the rights for the project were a hornet's nest. For eight months, I worked with the various rights holders and along the way, uncovered another uncomfortable truth. Even if I can secure the rights to pen this making-of book, there are very few images that will help tell the story or convince readers it is worth shelling out £35.00".
Josh Weiss at Syfy Wire wrote about the task of getting an accurate picture of a film that was over 40 years old. Walsh said: "I had to go around to each and every person who took part in the film, find out what they thought was the truth, then go back to them, and actually verify. A lot of what happened in 40 years was that people had created their own mythology. I started with Post-It notes, then got a massive whiteboard in my office, and got loads of cards and had to do strings and everything. [I noted] where the evidence was confirmed, where it was contradictory, and who I could go back to, and how I could try and get people to admit they were wrong or maybe find out that they were wrong".
BBC Online's Nicholas Barber discussed with Walsh the appeal of the film and how it was portrayed in the book: "In 1980, if you'd just seen Superman and The Empire Strikes Back, you would have been underwhelmed by the flying and the other special effects. But time has been kind to Flash Gordon. Once you stop obsessing over the technical aspects, you can see that it was meant to be quite stylised, and the energy very much comes through".
Den of Geek's Kirsten Howard asked Walsh what the most surprising revelation they discovered writing the book: "There were two big moments. The first was when I discovered there had been an entirely different film planned – and we got the artwork, it's in the book. Then, I found out that the film was supposed to have an entirely different ending".
In 2021 the book was nominated as Book for the Year for the Rondo Hatton Classic Horror Awards.
Publication
Flash Gordon: The Official Story of the Film was published in November 2020 by Titan Books.
Further reading
External links
Official website
References
2020 non-fiction books
Books about film directors
Coffee table books
History of film
Flash Gordon
Titan Books titles
Gaston Cyriel Durnez (9 September 1928 – 22 November 2019) was a Flemish columnist, journalist and writer. They worked for the newspaper De Standaard, and was one of the founders of the Encyclopedie van de Vlaamse Beweging. They were also the writer of De Geschiedenis van Sleenovia (1965), a comic strip by Willy Vandersteen and Edward De Rop, featuring characters from Marc Sleen's The Adventures of Nero, which was subject of a fierce copyright battle between the newspapers De Standaard and Het Volk.
Bibliography
Muzenissen (1954)
Rijmenam (1956)
Wiltzang (1960)
Hooikoorts (1962)
Kermis (1963)
Maria Rosseels (1963)
Slalom (1963)
Duizend kussen voor iedereen (1965)
Sire (1966)
Denkend aan Nederland (1968)
Zondag in de week (1969)
Mijn leven onder de Belgen (1970)
Jullie worden later gek dan wij (1971)
Kijk, paps, een Belg (1973)
Kleinbeeld (1973)
Sun Corner Bar (1980)
Een vogel in de brievenbus (1981)
Vlaamse schrijvers, vijfentwintig portretten (1982)
De engel op het eiland (1983)
Loekie Zvonik (1983)
Vlaamse humor omnibus Deel: 3 (1983)
Van Leeuwtje tot D.C. (1984)
De Standaard (1985)
Klein Belgisch woordenboek (1985)
De goede Fee, pasfoto van Felix Timmermans (1986)
God is een Sinjoor (1987)
Zeg mij waar de bloemen zijn (1988)
Wij zijn allemaal amateurs (1991)
Het lied mijner kindsheid, of Een lepel herinneringen (1992)
Wie betaalt het gelach? (1994)
Paspoort (1998)
Felix Timmermans (2000)
See also
Flemish literature
Flemish movement
Sources
External links
Gaston Durnez
Gaston Durnez
1928 births
2019 deaths
Flemish writers
Flemish activists
Flemish journalists
Belgian humorists
Belgian columnists
Belgian comics writers
Belgian journalists
Male journalists
Burcher or Bürcher is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
David Burcher (born 1950), rugby player
Ian Burcher, Australian field hockey player
Pierre Bürcher (born 1945), bishop
See also
Burcher, New South Wales, village in New South Wales, Australia
Bircher (disambiguation)
The Big Five () refers to the top five teams in Argentinian football: Boca Juniors, Independiente, Racing Club, River Plate and San Lorenzo de Almagro.
History
The term was coined on August 4, 1937, when the Argentine Football Association (AFA) arranged a system of proportional representation for the sport clubs involved: the vote of clubs with either 15,000 members and at least 20 years playing the tournament and two or more championships would be weighted threefold, the vote of clubs with 20 years and 10,000 to 15,000 members or one championship would be weighted twofold, and the vote of the others would have the standard value. Boca Juniors, Independiente, Racing, River Plate, and San Lorenzo were the only five clubs who qualified for the threefold vote. These five teams have had a leading role in Argentine football since then, and during the first 36 years of the AFA (1931 to 1966) no team outside the five won the championship; the first one to do so was Estudiantes (LP) in 1967. The decision was officially promulgated on AFA Bulletin n° 286.
The decision brought controversy, with some journalists giving their opinions, such as reads below:
In August 1941, the book Historia de los 5 Grandes del Fútbol Argentino, written by anonymous sports journalists, stated "...this was written with no commercial purposes, fulfilling the purpose of bringing unbiased and accurate data to a million football supporters, so they can be avoided wrong judgement, constituting a serious testimony of immediate reference to put and end to heated discussions that frequently happens".
The vote was modified every two years. In March 1941, Huracán became the sixth club to have 3 votes. That decision would be reflected year later, when "Imparciales" cigarettes released an advertisement including Huracán among the big six, with the cigarette brand as "the seventh big".
Other additions came in 1949 when AFA approved requests by La Plata clubs Estudiantes (LP) and Gimnasia y Esgrima (LP) plus Chacarita Juniors, which increased their votes to two, according to AFA Bulletin n° 1443. Nevertheless, some requests were rejected. Newell's Old Boys, Lanús, Platense and Vélez Sarsfield were among them.
The proportional vote remained until January 1955, when an extraordinary assembly ruled that all the representatives will have one vote from then on.
Overview
These five teams are also the most popular in Argentina and the only ones that have fans all over the country (and not only in specific cities or regions). Boca Juniors (16,5 million supporters), River Plate (15,2 million), Independiente (4,1 million), Racing (4 million) and San Lorenzo (3 million) hold almost 86% of the fanbase in Argentina (although an important minority of these people are also fans of smaller clubs, usually from a lower division, a phenomenon very common in Argentina), being the biggest and most successful football clubs.
The Big Five clubs are all based in Greater Buenos Aires (Boca Juniors, River Plate and San Lorenzo are located in the autonomous city of Buenos Aires, while Independiente and Racing are based in Avellaneda, a city within the adjacent metropolitan area, part of the Buenos Aires Province).
The term is currently used as jargon within Argentine football, rather than with an actual definition and no defined order; sympathizers of other strong teams propose the idea of a Sixth Big.
There are two derbies among the Big Five: the superderby (El Superclásico) between Boca Juniors and River Plate, considered one of the biggest and most important derbies in the world, and the Avellaneda derby between Independiente and Racing, the second-most important in the country and also one of the most important in the world. San Lorenzo's derby is with Huracán, a club which is not considered among the Big Five, but achieved the threefold vote in 1946 and is considered as a mid-sized team.
See also
Football in Buenos Aires
Big Twelve (Brazilian football)
References
History of football in Argentina
Club Atlético Independiente
Boca Juniors
Club Atlético River Plate
San Lorenzo de Almagro
Racing Club de Avellaneda
Nicknames in sports
Association football terminology
Football in Buenos Aires
Hertzbleed is a theoretical hardware security attack which describes exploiting dynamic frequency scaling to reveal secret data. The attack is a kind of timing attack, bearing similarity to previous power analysis vulnerabilities. Hertzbleed is more dangerous than power analysis, as it can be exploited by a remote attacker. Disclosure of cryptographic keys is the main concern regarding the exploit.
The exploit has been verified to work against Intel and AMD processors, Intel's security advisory stating that all Intel processors are affected. Other processors using frequency scaling exist, but the attack has not been tested on them.
Neither Intel nor AMD are planning to release microcode patches, instead advising to harden cryptography libraries against the vulnerability.
Mechanism
Normal timing attacks are mitigated by using constant-time programming, which ensures that each instruction takes equally long, regardless of the input data. Hertzbleed combines a timing attack with a power analysis attack. A power analysis attack measures the power consumption of the CPU to deduce the data being processed. This, however, requires an attacker to be able to measure the power consumption.
Hertzbleed exploits execution time differences caused by dynamic frequency scaling, a CPU feature which changes the processor's frequency to maintain power consumption and temperature constraints. As the processor's frequency depends on the power consumption, which in turn depends on the data, a remote attacker can deduce the data being processed from execution time. Hertzbleed thus effectively bypasses constant-time programming, which does not take into account changes in processor frequency.
See also
Side-channel attack
Transient execution CPU vulnerability
References
2022 in computing
Hardware bugs
Computer security exploits
X86 architecture
Sean Berchik (born 2 January 1980), known professionally as Seany B, is an Australian singer, songwriter, MC, record producer and DJ, who is best known for featuring on TV Rock's 2006 hit "Flaunt It" which topped the ARIA Charts for 5 weeks and went on to win two ARIA Awards for Best Dance Single as well as The Highest Selling Single in 2006 as well as featured on Vanessa Amorosi's Mr Mysterious, which peaked at No. 4 in 2010 and was certified platinum. They have toured America and Europe
Discography
Singles
'''As lead and featured artist
Awards
Seany B was nominated for two ARIA Music Awards at the 2006 ceremony. They won both with TV Rock.
|-
| rowspan=2|2006
| rowspan=2| "Flaunt It" TV Rock feat. Seany B
| Best Dance Release
|
|-
| The Highest Selling Single
|
|}
Personal information
References
ARIA Award winners
Living people
Australian DJs
People from Melbourne
1980 births
NHO Transport, formerly the Federation of Norwegian Transport Companies (, TL) is an employers' organisation in Norway, organized under the national Confederation of Norwegian Enterprise. It is also a member of the International Association of Public Transport and the International Road Transport Union.
It was established in 1929 under the name Norges Rutebileieres Forbund. On 1 February 2011, the name was changed to NHO Transport.
The current Director General is Christian Aubert. Chairman of the board is Harald Vålandsmyr.
References
External links
Official site
Employers' organisations in Norway
Organizations established in 1929
1929 establishments in Norway
Transport in Norway
Achaicus may refer to:
Lucius Mummius Achaicus, a 2nd-century BCE Roman statesman and general
Achaicus of Corinth, who according to the Bible, carried a letter from the Corinthians to St. Paul, and from St. Paul to the Corinthians
John Pier "Jack" Roemer, Jr., (August 9, 1953June 3, 2022) was an American lawyer and judge in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. They served 13 years as Wisconsin circuit court judge for Juneau County. They were murdered five years after retiring from the court.
Biography
John Pier Roemer, Jr., was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in August 1953. They attended Hamline University School of Law, in St. Paul, Minnesota, and graduated in 1983. They worked as an attorney in private practice for several years, and also worked as a public defender in Baraboo, Wisconsin. They were commissioned as an officer in the United States Army Reserve around this time and served in the Reserves until retiring as a lieutenant colonel in 2002.
In 1992, they were hired as an assistant district attorney in Juneau County, Wisconsin, under district attorney Dennis Schuh. They and Schuh worked together until the death of Juneau County Wisconsin circuit court judge John W. Brady in 2003. After Brady's death, Governor Jim Doyle appointed Schuh to the vacant judgeship. With Schuh's elevation, Roemer became acting district attorney, but soon announced their own candidacy for the judgeship, challenging Schuh in the Spring 2004 election.
Roemer prevailed in the election, receiving 62% of the vote. They took office in August 2004 and was re-elected without opposition in 2010 and 2016. They retired shortly after the start of their third term, in August 2017, to spend more time with their ailing wife.
Assassination
On June 3, 2022, Roemer was shot and killed in their home by Douglas K. Uhde. Uhde had appeared in Roemer's court in 2005 and was convicted and sentenced to six years in prison for armed burglary with a dangerous weapon. After killing Roemer, Uhde shot himself, but was still alive when discovered by police. Uhde died at a nearby hospital four days later.
Uhde was described by police as a likely "grievance collector" and had a list of other targets which included Democratic Wisconsin governor Tony Evers, Democratic Michigan governor Gretchen Whitmer, and Republican U.S. Senate leader Mitch McConnell.
Personal life and family
John Roemer married Vivian Mae Schroeder on November 20, 1980. They had three sons. Their wife died in 2018. Roemer was active in the St. Paul's Evangelical Lutheran Church in Mauston, Wisconsin.
Electoral history
Wisconsin Circuit Court (2004)
| colspan="6" style="text-align:center;background-color: #e9e9e9;"| General Election, April 6, 2004
References
1953 births
2022 deaths
Hamline University School of Law alumni
United States Army reservists
Lawyers from Milwaukee
Military personnel from Milwaukee
People from New Lisbon, Wisconsin
District attorneys in Wisconsin
Wisconsin state court judges
Assassinated American judges
Hans Biørn Wenneberg (17 September 1804-28 May 1878) was a Norwegian politician.
They were born in Kragerø in Telemark where they later worked as a merchant and ship-owner. In 1855 and 1857 they were the mayor of Kragerø. They were elected to the Parliament of Norway in 1848, 1851 and 1854, representing the constituency of Kragerø.
References
1804 births
1878 deaths
Norwegian merchants
Norwegian businesspeople in shipping
Members of the Storting
Politicians from Telemark
People from Kragerø
19th-century Norwegian businesspeople
Mike Santiago may refer to:
Mike Santiago (American football)
Mike Santiago (fighter)
Ceratagra is a monotypic snout moth genus. Its only species, Ceratagra mitrophora, is found in Fiji. Both the genus and species were first described by Edward Meyrick in 1932.
References
Phycitinae
Monotypic moth genera
Moths of Fiji
The Capitoline Brutus is an ancient Roman bronze bust commonly thought to depict the Roman consul Lucius Junius Brutus (d. 509 BC), usually dated to the late 4th to early 3rd centuries BC, but perhaps as late as the 2nd century BC, or early 1st century BC. The bust is 69 cm (27 in) in height and is currently located in the Hall of the Triumphs within the Capitoline Museums, Rome. Traditionally taken to be an early example of Roman portraiture and perhaps by an Etruscan artist influenced by Hellenistic art and contemporary Greek styles of portraiture, it may be "an archaizing work of the first century BC". The Roman head was provided with a toga-clad bronze bust during the Renaissance.
History
The bust was discovered in Italy during the 16th century. In 1564 it was bequeathed to the city of Rome by Cardinal Rodolfo Pio da Carpi. Its identification as a representation of the ancient Roman statesman Lucius Junius Brutus was first formulated by antiquarians who excavated and examined it during the Renaissance, based on their readings of Roman history. However, there is no direct evidence that it was made to represent Brutus.
The first drawing of the bust was made by the Dutch artist Maarten van Heemskerck sometime between 1532 and 1536, although it was first described in writing in 1549.
The bust was kept on the Capitoline Hill and from 1627 in the Palazzo dei Conservatori (Capitoline Museum), until Pope Pius VI surrendered it to the French First Republic in 1797. It was then used in the triumphal procession of Napoleon Bonaparte in Paris in July 1798. It was finally returned to Rome and the Palazzo dei Conservatori in 1816, where it has stayed ever since.
Antiquarian speculation
Speculation that the bust was meant to portray Lucius Junius Brutus of antiquity began with the writings of the 16th-century Italian naturalist Ulisse Aldrovandi. The Dutch 17th-century antiquary and editor of Lactantius Gallaeus Servatius alleged that a Roman coin minted during the consulship of Brutus bore similar facial features to the bust. The profile of the bust is similar to the profile on a coin, depicting Lucius Junius Brutus, minted by Marcus Junius Brutus following the assassination of Julius Caesar.
The 18th-century German art historian Johann Joachim Winckelmann was not alone among their contemporaries in thinking the bust did not actually portray Brutus. The Italian antiquarian Ennio Quirino Visconti expressed doubt that it truly represented Brutus and was keen to emphasize that the head and bust were not originally made together or for each other. This was an idea that was first suggested in the 17th century when some antiquarians mused that the head originally belonged to a larger bronze statue that once stood on the Capitoline Hill.
Modern scholarship
More recent scholars of the 20th century have been less concerned with whether or not it was an idealized portrait of Brutus and more preoccupied with the accurate dating and provenance of the bust. It has been identified as being Central Italian in origin with clear influence from Hellenistic-era Greek sculpture and portraiture of the first half of the 3rd century BC. It may come from a full-length statue. It may have honored a public figure during Rome's expansion in the 3rd century BC. However, it is possible it dates to "as late as the early first century BC when there was a vogue for creating lively imaginary 'portraits' of early Roman celebrities", which the "treatment of detail" suggests.
See also
Roman Republican art
Roman sculpture
The Orator
References
Sources
Brilliant, Richard. (2002). Portraiture, reprint edition. London: Reaktion Books Ltd.
Crawford, Michael, (1974), Roman Republican Coinage, Cambridge University Press.
Holliday, Peter. (1996). "Capitoline Brutus," in Nancy Thomson de Grummond (ed.) An Encyclopedia of the History of Classical Archaeology. Routledge: London & New York. .
Strong, Donald, et al., Roman Art, 1995 (2nd edn.), Yale University Press (Penguin/Yale History of Art),
Eternal references
Capitoline Brutus: museicapitolini.org
Capitoline Museums collection
4th-century BC sculptures
3rd-century BC sculptures
Hellenistic and Roman bronzes
Busts in Italy
Cultural depictions of Lucius Junius Brutus
The USA Falcons, formerly known as the USA Selects, is the second national rugby team for the United States, usually used for uncapped matches and domestic club sides. The primary national team is known as the USA Eagles or the United States national rugby union team.
The USA Selects participated in the Americas Rugby Championship, a tournament originally featuring the "A" sides for Argentina, Canada, the United States, and Uruguay. The ARC is an annual tournament (except for Rugby World Cup years) that replaced the North America 4 competition. The USA Selects' best results in the ARC were their second place finishes in 2013 and 2014. In April and May 2015, the Select side were used for the United States 2015 Rugby World Cup warm-up matches in South America, as part of the Eagles 2015 Rugby World Cup preparations.
Results
The following table shows the results of the USA Selects during annual competitions. In 2016 The Americas Pacific Challenge replaced the ARC as the developmental tournament for the USA Selects.
Overall Record
Up to date as of 2 November 2021
Roster
USA Selects 27-man roster for the uncapped 2018 Americas Pacific Challenge in October 2018.
References
External links
United States national rugby union team
Second national rugby union teams
Alice de Boer (1872 - 1955) was a medical doctor in Sri Lanka, and one of the first women in the country to qualify as a doctor.
Biography
De Boer's family was of Dutch Burgher background. After studying medicine in Edinburgh, Scotland, they were an assistant to Mary Nona Fysh, who was the medical officer-in-charge at Lady Havelock Hospital for Women.
References
1955 deaths
1872 births
Sri Lankan medical doctors
Sri Lankan people of Dutch descent
People of British Ceylon
Hourglass Lake () is a small meltwater lake midway between Webb Lake and Lake Vashka in Barwick Valley, Victoria Land, Antarctica. The descriptive name was given in 1964 by American geologist Parker E. Calkin and alludes to the outline of the lake.
References
Lakes of Victoria Land
McMurdo Dry Valleys
Bliss is a 2019 horror film written and directed by Joe Begos. Described as a vampire film, it concerns an artist named Dezzy (Dora Madison Burge, credited as Dora Madison) who descends into madness after taking a hallucinogenic drug to overcome a creative block.
Cast
Dora Madison as Dezzy
Tru Collins as Courtney
Rhys Wakefield as Ronnie
Jeremy Gardner as Clive
Graham Skipper as Hadrian
Chris McKenna as David
Rachel Avery as Nikki St. Jean
Mark Beltzman as Lance
George Wendt as Pops
Abraham Benrubi as Abe
Release
Begos showed Bliss at 2019's Fantastic Fest in Austin, alongside another current film of his, VFW. It was also shown at New Orleans's Overlook Film Festival.
Reception
On Rotten Tomatoes the film has a "Certified Fresh" rating of based on reviews from critics, with an average rating of . The site's the consensus states: "Bliss maybe too narratively and visually intense for less adventurous viewers, but should trigger the titular state for those with a taste for hard hitting horror." On Metacritic it has a score of 53% based on reviews from 6 critics, indicating "mixed or average reviews".
The A.V. Club reviewer Katie Rife said that it "represents a stylistic leap forward for its director" and compared it to the work of Lucio Fulci, Gaspar Noé, and Abel Ferrara.
References
External links
2019 horror films
2019 films
American vampire films
2010s English-language films
2010s American films
Fishing Creek is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Dorchester County, Maryland, United States, on Upper Hoopers Island. As of the 2010 census, the population of Fishing Creek was 163.
It is in area code 410, and ZIP code 21634.
Demographics
Description
Located on a narrow island served primarily by Hoopers Island Road, Fishing Creek has a restaurant (Old Salty's), a post office, and a general store (Hoopers Island General Store), as well as crabbing businesses which rely on seasonal workers. Local legend posits a number of ghosts in the Fishing Creek area. The village is on the upper island of the three-island chain known as Hoopers Island, about south of the Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge and south of Cambridge. Hoopersville, on Middle Hooper Island, is to the south.
In the media
Fishing Creek resident Louie "Rufus" Frase, 43 at the time, was a contestant on the summer 2007 CBS reality television series Pirate Master.
References
External links
HomeTownLocator: Fishing Creek (MD) - Community Profile
Restaurants in Fishing Creek
Ghosts of America: Spooky Ghost Tales from Fishing Creek, Maryland also known as Hoopersville (sic)
Crabbing communities in Maryland
Fishing communities in Maryland
Hoopers Island
Unincorporated communities in Dorchester County, Maryland
Unincorporated communities in Maryland
Maryland populated places on the Chesapeake Bay
Radical 209 meaning "nose" is 1 of 2 Kangxi radicals (214 radicals total) composed of 14 strokes.
In the Kangxi Dictionary there are 49 characters (out of 49,030) to be found under this radical.
Characters with Radical 209
Literature
See also
Unihan Database - U+9F3B
209
Aurelija Misevičiūtė (born 24 April 1986 in Klaipėda) is a Lithuanian former tennis player.
In their career, they won one singles titles on the ITF Women's Circuit. On 29 September 2003, they reached their best singles ranking of world number 284. On 9 February 2004, they peaked at number 337 in the doubles rankings.
Misevičiūtė retired from professional tennis 2011.
ITF finals
Singles: 2 (1–1)
Doubles: 2 (0–2)
External links
1986 births
Living people
Sportspeople from Klaipėda
Lithuanian female tennis players
Aurelija Miseviciute has been inducted to the 2019 University of Arkansas Sports Hall of Honor. They became the most decorated women's tennis player in University of Arkansas history. They earned All America honors twice and finished their career with Arkansas as the leader in career singles wins (125), doubles wins (86) and singles winning percentage (.886).
Capturing the ITA Indoor Championship in 2007, they climbed from a 2008 preseason ranking of 117 to claim the No. 1 ranking and win the ITA Indoor Championship again in 2008.
Respectfully submitted by Steve Christian of Fort Smith, Arkansas
Elizaveta () may refer to:
People
Elizaveta Arzamasova (born 1995), Russian actor
Elizaveta Akhmatova (1820–1904), Russian writer, publisher and translator
Elizaveta Axenova (born 1995), Russian-born Kazakhstani luger
Elizaveta Bagriana (1893–1991), Bulgarian poet
Elizaveta Bagryantseva (1929–1996), Russian discus thrower
Elizaveta Bem (1843–1914), Russian painter
Elizaveta Boyarskaya (born 1985), Russian theater and film actor
Elizaveta Bykova (1913–1989), Soviet chess player
Elizaveta Chesnokova (born 1996), Russian freestyle skier
Elizaveta Dementyeva (born 1928), Soviet sprint canoer
Elizaveta Dubrovina (born 1993), Russian acrobatic gymnast
Elizaveta Ermolaeva (born 1930), Soviet middle-distance runner
Elizaveta Ersberg (1882-1942), Russian parlormaid to the Imperial family
Elizaveta Glinka (1962–2016), Russian humanitarian
Elizaveta Golovanova (born 1993), Russian model and beauty pageant titleholder
Elizaveta Goreva (1859–1917), Russian theatre actor and entrepreneur
Elizaveta Grechishnikova (born 1983), Russian long-distance runner
Elizaveta Ivanovna Dmitrieva (1887–1928), Russian poet
Elizaveta Karamihailova (1897–1968), Bulgarian physicist
Elizaveta Kazelina (born 1996), Russian speed skater
Elizaveta Khripounova, Russian-American pianist, singer/songwriter and opera singer
Elizaveta Khudaiberdieva (born 2002), Russian ice dancer
Elizaveta Klyuchereva (born 1999), Russian pianist
Elizaveta Kovalskaya (1849 or 1851–1943), Russian revolutionary, narodnik, and founding member of Black Repartition
Elizaveta Kruglikova (1865–1941), Russian-Soviet painter, etcher, silhouettist and monotypist
Elizaveta Kulichkova (born 1996), Russian tennis playe
Elizaveta Lavrovskaya (1845–1919), Russian mezzo-soprano
Elizaveta Levshina (born 1991), Russian pair skater
Elizaveta Litvinova (1845–c.1919), Russian mathematician and pedagogue
Elizaveta Lugovskikh (born 2000), Russian rhythmic gymnast
Elizaveta Makarova (born 1994), Russian pair skater
Elizaveta Malakhova (born 1993), Ukrainian chess player
Elizaveta Malashenko (born 1996), Russian handballer
Elizaveta Mavrikievna (1865–1927), Russian Grand Duchess
Elizaveta Mukasei (1912–2009), Soviet spy
Elizaveta Narishkina (1838–1928), Russian noblewoman, court official and memoirist
Elizaveta Nazarenkova (born 1995), Russian rhythmic gymnast
Elizaveta Nugumanova (born 2002), Russian figure skater
Elizaveta Osetinskaya (born 1977), Russian journalist and media manager
Elizaveta Oshurkova (born 1991), Ukrainian-born Russian racing cyclist
Elizaveta Ostrogska (1539–1582), Ruthenian heiress
Elizaveta Petrovna (1709–1762), Empress of Russia
Elizaveta Posadskikh (born 1994), Russian BMX freestyle cyclist
Elizaveta Ryzih (born 1988), German pole vault athlete
Elizaveta Savlinis (born 1987), Russian track and field sprinte
Elizaveta Stekolnikova (born 1974), Kazakhstani ice dancer
Elizaveta Alexandrovna Stroganova (1779–1818), Russian aristocrat
Elizaveta Svilova (1900–1975), Russian filmmaker and film editor
Elizaveta Tarakhovskaya (1891–1968), Russian poet, playwright, translator, and author of children's books
Elizaveta Tichtchenko (born 1975), Russian volleyball player
Elizaveta Tuktamysheva (born 1996), Russian figure skater
Elizaveta Ukolova (born 1998), Czech figure skater
Elizaveta Vodovozova (1844–1923), Russian children's writer, educational theorist and memoirist
Elizaveta Vorontsova (1739–1792), mistress of Emperor Peter III of Russia
Elizaveta Voronyanskaya (died 1973), assistant of the Russian writer Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn
Elizaveta Yulyevna Zarubina (1900–1987), Soviet spy and podpolkovnik of the MGB
Elizaveta Zvantseva (1864–1921), Russian painter and art instructor
Places
Elizaveta, a place in Moldavia
See also
Elizabeth (given name)
Elizabeth (disambiguation)
Elisaveta (disambiguation)
Jelisaveta (disambiguation)
Lati Hyde-Forster, MBE (14 June 1911 – 12 September 2001) was the first woman to graduate Fourah Bay College. They were also the first African woman school principal in Sierra Leone.
Early life and education
Latilewa Christiana Hyde was born on 14 June 1911 in Freetown, British Sierra Leone.  They are the daughter of Christiana (née Fraser) and Jonathan Hyde Them father was a Methodist Minister and a graduate of Ranmoor College, Sheffield. Them mother was the local postmaster and registrar of births and deaths in Murray Town.
Both of their parents were Krios.
They went to secondary school at Annie Walsh Memorial School. In 1938, they were the first woman to graduate from Fourah Bay College.
They got married in 1947 and became Latilewa Hyde-Forster.
Career
In 1947, Hyde-Forster was a senior teacher at Methodist Girls High School in the Gambia.
In 1961, they returned to Annie Walsh Memorial School as Vice-Principal and in 1961 became the first black female principal in Sierra Leone.
Honors
Hyde-Forster received an MBE for their services to education and the community.
References
1911 births
2001 deaths
Sierra Leone Creole people
Annie Walsh Memorial School alumni
Fourah Bay College alumni
Sierra Leonean educators
Robert George Wahlberg (born December 18, 1967) is an American actor who has appeared in films such as Southie, Mystic River and The Departed.
Life and career
Born in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, Robert is the brother of Arthur, Jim, Paul, Tracey, Michelle, Debbie (died 2003), and actors/musicians Mark and Donnie Wahlberg. They also have three half-siblings from their father's first marriage: Donna, Scott, and Buddy. Their mother, Alma Elaine (née Donnelly), was a bank clerk and nurse's aid, and their father, Donald Edmond Wahlberg, Sr., was a teamster who worked as a delivery driver; the two divorced in 1982. Their father, a U.S. Army veteran of the Korean War, died on February 14, 2008.
Their father was of Swedish and Irish descent, while their maternal ancestry is Irish, French-Canadian, and English.
They have two children, Oscar and Charlie, from their marriage to Gina Santangelo.
Wahlberg has appeared in films such as Southie, Orphan, Scenes of the Crime, Moonlight Mile, Mystic River, The Departed, Gone Baby Gone, Don McKay and The Equalizer.
Filmography
References
External links
1967 births
20th-century American male actors
21st-century American male actors
American male film actors
American people of English descent
American people of French-Canadian descent
American people of Irish descent
American people of Swedish descent
Living people
Male actors from Boston
Wahlberg family
People from Dorchester, Massachusetts
Posso Tower is a 16th-century tower house, about south and west of Peebles, Scottish Borders, Scotland, and west of Manor Water.
History
This was a tower house of the Bairds, which was acquired by the Naesmiths. A new house was built nearby by 1775, by which time the tower was ruined.
Structure
The tower itself stood towards the north west corner of the site. Its dimensions were by . The walls were over at first floor level. While the west wall rises reaches to a little above second-floor level other walls do not go above a single storey.
Another building, probably not attached to the tower, lay to the south. Its dimensions were by . A more extensive range, with dimensions by lay east of the tower; from the centre of its west wall a small wing projected – this may have been a stair tower.
There are extensive traces of earth-works, perhaps remnants of garden and orchard, to the south There are five terraces which measure about in length, but the breadth varies from to .
To the south the remains of an enclosure dyke bound the site, in part running above the north bank of the Tower Burn.
See also
Castles in Great Britain and Ireland
List of castles in Scotland
References
Castles in the Scottish Borders
The Vilcabamba thistletail (Asthenes vilcabambae) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is endemic to the Vilcabamba Mountains of Peru.
Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montane forest and subtropical or tropical high-altitude grassland.
The Ayacucho thistletail was at one time considered to be a subspecies of the Vilcabamba thistletail. A phylogenetic study published in 2015 that examined both DNA sequence data and vocalization recordings of members of the genus Asthenes found that the Ayacucho thistletail was more similar to the eye-ringed thistletail than it was to the Vilcabamba thistletail. Based on this evidence the subspecies A. v. ayacuchensis was elevated to species rank.
References
Vilcabamba thistletail
Birds of the Peruvian Andes
Endemic birds of Peru
Vilcabamba thistletail
Vilcabamba thistletail
Vilcabamba thistletail
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Alexander Mann Jerome Wood (January 10, 1909 – April 4, 1979) was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played in one National Hockey League game for the New York Americans during the 1936–37 season, on January 31, 1937 against the Montreal Canadiens. The rest of their career, which lasted from 1930 to 1945, was spent in various minor leagues. Wood was born in Falkirk, Scotland, but grew up in Regina, Saskatchewan.
Career statistics
Regular season and playoffs
See also
List of players who played only one game in the NHL
List of National Hockey League players from the United Kingdom
External links
1909 births
1979 deaths
Boston Cubs players
Buffalo Bisons (AHL) players
Buffalo Bisons (IHL) players
Canadian expatriate ice hockey players in the United States
Canadian ice hockey goaltenders
Cleveland Falcons players
Cleveland Indians (IHL) players
Ice hockey people from Saskatchewan
Minneapolis Millers (AHA) players
New Haven Eagles players
New York Americans players
Philadelphia Arrows players
Providence Reds players
Quebec Castors players
Regina Pats players
Rochester Cardinals players
St. Louis Flyers (AHA) players
Sportspeople from Falkirk
Sportspeople from Regina, Saskatchewan
Site-specific performance is performance created in relation to a physical site and staged at the site itself (as opposed to a theatre space). It often involves research of the site prior to the performance. It is often discussed in relation to both theatre and visual art traditions. Nick Kaye was one of the first scholars to consider site-specific performance from both theatrical and visual art perspectives in their book, Site-Specific Art: Performance, Place and Documentation.
References
Theatre
Erigeron nanus is a North American species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae known by the common name dwarf fleabane. It is native to the western part of the United States, in Wyoming, northern Utah, southern Idaho, and northeastern Nevada.
Erigeron nanus is a small perennial herb rarely more than 4 centimeters (1.6 inches) tall, producing a taproot. The leaves and the stem are covered with stiff hairs. The plant generally produces only one flower head per stem, each head with up to 35 blue or purple ray florets surrounding numerous yellow disc florets. The species grows on ridges, rocky slopes, and outcroppings.
References
Flora of the Western United States
nanus
Plants described in 1840
Flora without expected TNC conservation status
The Highland Park Water Tower is a historic water tower on the west side of Green Bay Road in Highland Park, Illinois. Built in 1929–30, the brick water tower is tall, making it the tallest structure in Highland Park. The tower is Highland Park's third water tower and serves as a visual and symbolic landmark for the city. Its design features tall brick arches on its eight sides and a classical pediment above its entrance. The tower's water tank is capable of holding .
The tower was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 29, 1982.
References
National Register of Historic Places in Lake County, Illinois
Water towers in Illinois
Water towers on the National Register of Historic Places in Illinois
Towers completed in 1930
Highland Park, Illinois
The 2008–09 season was Adelaide United Women's first season in the W-League and first overall season in the top flight Australian soccer.
Players
Transfers
Transfers in
Squad statistics
Appearances and goals
{| class="wikitable sortable plainrowheaders" style="text-align:center"
|-
! rowspan="2" |
! rowspan="2" |
! rowspan="2" style="width:180px;" |Name
! colspan="2" style="width:87px;" |W-League
! colspan="2" style="width:87px;" |Total
|-
!
!Goals
!
!Goals
|-
|1
|GK
! scope="row" | Emma Wirkus
|4
|0
!4
!0
|-
|2
|DF
! scope="row" | Renee Harrison
|8+1
|0
!9
!0
|-
|3
|DF
! scope="row" | Sarah Amorim
|9
|0
!9
!0
|-
|4
|DF
! scope="row" | Dianne Alagich
|10
|0
!10
!0
|-
|5
|MF
! scope="row" | Angela Fimmano
|2+4
|0
!6
!0
|-
|6
|DF
! scope="row" | Kristyn Swaffer
|10
|1
!10
!1
|-
|7
|FW
! scope="row" | Racheal Quigley
|3+4
|0
!7
!0
|-
|8
|FW
! scope="row" | Sandra Scalzi
|7+1
|4
!8
!4
|-
|9
|FW
! scope="row" | Stephanie Tokich
|7+3
|0
!10
!0
|-
|10
|FW
! scope="row" | Victoria Balomenos
|9
|3
!9
!3
|-
|11
|MF
! scope="row" | Sharon Black
|8+1
|3
!9
!3
|-
|12
|MF
! scope="row" | Tanya Harrison
|4+5
|0
!9
!0
|-
|13
|MF
! scope="row" | Leah Robinson
|5
|0
!5
!0
|-
|14
|FW
! scope="row" | Donna Cockayne
|4+4
|1
!8
!1
|-
|15
|MF
! scope="row" | Lauren Chilvers
|4+4
|0
!8
!0
|-
|17
|MF
! scope="row" | April Mann
|7+1
|0
!8
!0
|-
|20
|GK
! scope="row" | Sian McLaren
|4+1
|0
!5
!0
|-
|30
|GK
! scope="row" | Kristi Harvey
|2
|0
!2
!0
|-
|—
|MF
! scope="row" | Nenita Burgess
|1
|0
!1
!0
|}
Disciplinary record
Clean sheets
Competitions
Overview
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:left"
|-
!rowspan=2 style="width:140px;"|Competition
!colspan=8|Record
|-
!style="width:40px;"|
!style="width:40px;"|
!style="width:40px;"|
!style="width:40px;"|
!style="width:40px;"|
!style="width:40px;"|
!style="width:40px;"|
!style="width:70px;"|
|-
|W-League
|-
!Total
W-League
League table
Results by matchday
Matches
External links
Adelaide United Official Website
Adelaide United FC (A-League Women) seasons
Adelaide United Women
The J. M. Davis House is a historic house at 202 6th Street in Juneau, Alaska. This two-story wood-frame house was built in 1892, when Juneau was little more than a gold mining camp, and remains one of its most elegant homes of the period, as well as one of its oldest buildings. The builder, J. M. Davis, was a miner whose wife was a wealthy English artist. Their son, Trevor Davis, was a noted Alaskan landscape photographer; the house has also served as the official residence of the local US Coast Guard Admiral.
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.
See also
National Register of Historic Places listings in Juneau, Alaska
References
1892 establishments in Alaska
Houses completed in 1892
Houses in Juneau, Alaska
Houses on the National Register of Historic Places in Alaska
Buildings and structures on the National Register of Historic Places in Juneau, Alaska
The Bonus Jack is a hamburger sold by the fast-food restaurant chain Jack in the Box. It was one of the company's signature products. The Bonus Jack was first offered in 1970 to compete with McDonald's Big Mac and was discontinued in the early 1980s. The Bonus Jack has been reintroduced to Jack in the Box menus at various times throughout the years.
Product description
Similar to the Big Mac, the Bonus Jack consists of two burger patties, American cheese, Jack's Secret Sauce, shredded lettuce, and two pickle slices on a three-piece bun.
See also
List of sandwiches
References
Further reading
External links
Bonus Jack
Jack Brings Back Bonus Jack - Yahoo Finance
News: Jack in the Box Brings Back the Bonus Jack | Brand Eating
Products introduced in 1970
Jack in the Box
Fast food hamburgers
HMS Conqueror was an ironclad battleship of the Victorian Royal Navy, whose main armament was an armoured ram.
They were the first ship of the Conqueror class to be laid down, their only sister-ship being , which was completed some two years later. At the time of their design it was thought that ramming attacks were the most effective offensive manoeuvre against armoured warships, as the armour of the period was, for a short time, able to defend against the majority of contemporary guns extant. This belief was reinforced by the action at the battle of Lissa, when the Austrian battleship Ferdinand Max rammed and sank the Italian Re DItalia. The Italian ship was at the time a stationary target, a detail which it appears did not receive, in naval architects' minds, the attention it deserved.
Conqueror's breech-loading guns were of 12-inch (305-mm) calibre, and were twenty-five calibres (25 feet) long. They fired a shell weighing 714 pounds (324 kg) with a muzzle velocity of 1,910 ft/second (582 m/second), and could penetrate 10 inches (254 mm) of armour if the shell struck at or near a ninety-degree angle; much less, however, in the much more likely event of an oblique impact. They were placed very near to the deck, and it was found that a discharge over the bow caused marked blast damage to the deck and associated fittings. Firing abaft the beam caused blast damage to the bridge and superstructure, so in practice the guns could only fire on the beam, through an arc of some 45 degrees. The heavy artillery was only intended to be used against a target which had evaded a ramming attack, and was therefore on Conquerors beam.
The smaller guns were intended for use against small targets which could evade the ram and were not worth using the heavy artillery for. The torpedo tubes - six was the greatest number carried to date by a battleship - were placed aft and were intended for use against a target placed by accident or design astern of Conqueror, when the main armament would be valueless.
Service history
They were commissioned on 5 July 1887 for the Jubilee Review. They went into reserve at Devonport, becoming tender to the gunnery school Cambridge from 1889. They took part in manoeuvres on at least eight occasions, and was not otherwise ever out of sight of land. During manoeuvres they had a separate captain, but other than that appears to have been under the overall command of the captain on the Cambridge. In March 1900 three of their crew were severely injured in an accident during gunnery practice. They were paid off in July 1902 but took part in manoeuvres again during the summer of 1903; apart from that they remained swinging at anchor at Rothesay until being sold in 1907.
References
Oscar Parkes, British Battleships
Conway, All the World's Fighting Ships
D K Brown, Warrior to Dreadnought
Conqueror-class monitors
Ships built in Chatham
1881 ships
Victorian-era battleships of the United Kingdom
The scaly-throated leaftosser (Sclerurus guatemalensis) is a species of bird in the family Furnariidae. It is found in Belize, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, and Panama. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest and subtropical or tropical moist montane forest.
Description
The scaly-throated leaftosser is a medium-sized bird about in length with a long beak and short tail. It is similar to the tawny-throated leaftosser (Sclerurus mexicanus) in having deep brown upper parts, a tawny breast and dark brown underparts. It differs in not having a rufous rump, and in having a whitish throat, each feather on throat and breast having a black margin, which gives the bird the appearance of being scaled. The call is a harsh, shrill "Schreeek" and the song a descending series of clear whistling-notes.
Distribution
This species is native to Central America where it occurs on both the Pacific and Atlantic slopes. Its range extends from southern Mexico to northern Colombia and it inhabits lowland humid forests as well as forested foothills.
Ecology
Leaftossers are inconspicuous birds that move about the forest floor probing the leaf-litter with their beaks. They are difficult to observe, but may be recognised by the calls they emit, particularly at dawn and dusk. They usually forage alone, but sometimes do so in pairs, hopping rather than walking. As they search for small invertebrates among dead leaves, they flick the leaves noisily aside. They nest in holes in earth banks or among the exposed roots of fallen trees.
Status
The scaly-throated leaftosser has a very wide range but, although it is common in places, it is mostly an uncommon species. Partners in Flight have estimated that there are probably fewer than 50,000 individuals in total, and that the population is declining. However the International Union for Conservation of Nature has assessed the bird's conservation status as being of "least concern" as it considers the rate of decline is insufficient to warrant putting the bird in a more-threatened category.
References
Further reading
External links
scaly-throated leaftosser
Birds of Mexico
Birds of Belize
Birds of Guatemala
Birds of Honduras
Birds of Nicaragua
Birds of Costa Rica
Birds of Panama
Birds of Colombia
Birds of Ecuador
scaly-throated leaftosser
Taxonomy articles created by Polbot
Brugmann is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Bruce B. Brugmann, editor and publisher of the San Francisco Bay Guardian
Karl Brugmann (1849–1919), German linguist
Brugmann's law
Walter Brugmann (1887–1944), German architect
See also
Brugmann Mountains
Houba-Brugmann metro station, one of the metro stations on line 6 of the Brussels Metro
Brugman, a surname
Brugmans, a Dutch surname
Bruckmann, a German surname
German-language surnames
The 1982–83 Norwegian 1. Divisjon season was the 44th season of ice hockey in Norway. Ten teams participated in the league, and Furuset IF won the championship.
Regular season
Playoffs
Relegation
Rosenborg IHK - Storhamar Dragons 0:2 (2:8, 2:4)
External links
Norwegian Ice Hockey Federation
Nor
GET-ligaen seasons
1982 in Norwegian sport
1983 in Norwegian sport
WAZK (97.7 FM) is an adult album alternative formatted station licensed to Nantucket, Massachusetts. The station is owned by Nantucket Radio, LLC. WAZK first signed on at 5 p.m. on May 24, 2012. The first song played on the station was "Hurricane" by Bob Dylan.
External links
AZK
Nantucket, Massachusetts
Adult album alternative radio stations in the United States
Radio stations established in 2012
Ikizu (Ikikizu, Kiikiizo) is a Bantu language spoken by the Ikizu peoples of Tanzania. Dialects are Ikizu proper and Sizaki. Maho (2009) treats Sizaki (Shashi) as a separate language. However, Ethnologue 16 retired the ISO code for Sizaki, merging it into Ikizu.
Orthography
Ikizu uses the Latin alphabet. It does not include the letters Q, V, or X. The letters B and C are only used in the forms Bh and Ch.
References
Sewangi, Seleman S. (2008). Kiikiizo: Msamiati wa Kiikiizo–Kiingereza–Kiswahili na Kiingereza–Kiikiizo–Kiswahili / Ikiizo–English–Swahili and English–Ikiizo–Swahili Lexicon. .
Languages of Tanzania
Great Lakes Bantu languages
Lê Thanh Vân (December 5, 1956 – October 26, 2005), known as The Cyanide Witch (Vietnamese: Phù Thủy Xyanua) was a Vietnamese fraudster and serial killer who, together with their husband and accomplice Dìu Dãnh Quang, poisoned at least 13 people with cyanide from 1998 to 2001 for financial gain. Regarded as the most prolific and infamous serial killer in the country's history, they were convicted, sentenced to death and subsequently executed for their crimes in 2005.
Early life and crimes
Lê Thanh Vân was born on December 5, 1956 in Saigon, South Vietnam, the second in a family of eight children born to a drainage worker and a midwife. Them elder brother died as a child, leading to them being the oldest of the seven remaining siblings. From an early age, Vân had an eccentric and cold personality, was considered unruly, constantly argued with other family members and even beat the family pets. They studied until the 12th grade before dropping out halfway through the term, and in 1975, they enrolled at the Military Medical School of Dentistry. Some time afterwards, they were arrested for attempting to cross the border illegally and was sentenced to 16 months imprisoned at a re-education camp. Following their release, they worked various jobs in order to make a living.
In December 1979, Vân was arrested in District 10 for impersonating an army captain, for which they were sentenced to several months imprisonment. In March 1990, they were arrested in District 5 for a number of forgeries and thefts, and imprisoned for 18 months. After their release, they were employed by the Chung family as their caretaker. On October 24, 1992, the entire family had to be hospitalized after eating some chicken noodles prepared by her, with the wife of Mr. Chung, Bùi, succumbing to the poisoning. Following the incident, the surviving family members accused Vân of deliberately their meals and requested that an autopsy be performed at the Cho Ray Hospital. The results concluded that Bùi had died in a state of intoxication, but as there was insufficient evidence to charge Vân with murder, they were instead convicted of fraud and sentenced to 4 years imprisonment.
Before this, they had been married twice: the first time was to Nguyễn Quang Mễ in 1984, with whom they had two children. They died from undisclosed causes in 1989, and two years later, Vân remarried to a man named Lê Văn Minh, who died suddenly at the Nguyễn Tri Phương Hospital the following year.
Crimes
First murders
At the end of 1997, while they were working at the Military Hospital 7A in Ho Chi Minh City, Vân became acquainted with Đinh Văn Khảm, who was visiting a relative there. During their conversation, Vân claimed to be a dental specialist who studied in Germany and supposedly knew seven languages, impressing their companion so much that they offered them a job at their family's dental clinic in Long Khánh. They accepted their offer, and shortly after moving there, they met and married another employee, Dìu Dãnh Quang. However, due to their failing business, Quang was at risk of being fired, as Khảm's elderly mother, Võ Thị Lý, had suggested to their son that they let them go. Knowing this, on January 3, 1998, while Khảm was away, Vân laced a glass of lemonade with cyanide and gave it to Lý, who collapsed only half an hour later. Vân and Quang then took them to the emergency room, where they subsequently succumbed to their injuries. On the way back, Vân stole approximately 900,000 đồng of Lý's money and personal possessions.
On June 2, Vân found a new target - Quách Cẩm Minh, a security guard for the Thiên Phú Company in the Tân Bình district, who leased them a dental facility for 500,000 đồng per month. After giving them some poisoned alcohol, Minh became ill and was taken to the Tân Bình Medical Center, where they subsequently died. During that time, Văn went to their house and rummaged through their belongings, stealing 900,000 đồng in the process. A month later, they poisoned the tea of their mother-in-law, Hín Văn Dính, and after their death, they appropriated approximately 2.8 million đồng in inheritance.
On February 24, 1999, Vân was asked by their brother-in-law, Lê Văn Cẩm, to administer some medicine to their finger, which they had recently broken. While they were not looking, they mixed in some cyanide into their medication, and by the end of the day, Cẩm succumbed to the effects while undergoing treatment at the Gia Định People's Hospital. After killing him, Vân, still pretending to be a trained dental specialist, offered to conduct a health check on a woman named Hồ Thị Mộng Đào. While on the way to their office, they stopped at a roadside noodle shop for lunch, and while Đào was not looking, Vân poisoned their bowl of noodles. The woman soon fell ill and was driven to the emergency room of the Mắt Thành Hospital in Ho Chi Minh City, where they received prompt treatment and survived. They were released that same night into their acquaintance's care, but Vân poisoned them again on that same night, ultimately killing them Some months after this, they also poisoned Võ Hữu Khiêm, a company director, as they wanted to steal their motorbike.
Further murders and initial arrest
In 2000, Vân, using the alias Lee Ly Lan, was hired by Nguyễn Thanh Sơn, who lived in the small town of An Linh, in Bình Dương province. On April 14, Sơn died after a prolonged illness, which had occurred after they ate poisoned rice vermicelli cooked by Văn. At the end of June, two more people acquainted with her, Nguyễn Văn Đông and Trần Thị Xinh, were also poisoned to death. In the aftermath of their death, Văn sent a handwritten letter to Xinh's relatives, claiming that they recently sold them a car worth 200 million đồng.
Not long after, local police arrested Vân on charges of murder and robbery, and after searching through their handbag, they found 2.8 grams of cyanide. However, due to a lack of substantial evidence to uphold these charges, the police instead kept them on fraud charges while they conducted tests on the obtained cyanide. The toxicology reports found no match to the substance found in the organs of the two victims, and due to this, Vân was released on bail on January 15, 2001.
Final murders and second arrest
In March 2001, Văn met an old friend, Nguyễn Trung Dzu, who offered to drive them on their motorbike to a nearby café where they could chat over a bottle of soy milk. While Dzu was doing some repairs on their motorbike, they managed to slip some cyanide into their glass of milk, and after 15 minutes, Dzu fell ill and had to be taken to the local hospital. They died five hours later, with the official cause of death being labelled a stroke. Taking advantage of their death, Văn stole 74,000 đồng and Dzu's mobile phone, and even attempted to overstate the funeral expenses so that Dzu's son could repay them later, but this did not go through. Afterwards, they pawned their motorbike for 2.8 million đồng. Văn then fled to the Trảng Bom district, where they poisoned a woman named Đào Thị Có after they failed to convince them with their fake dental practice certificate.
From June to August 2001, Văn poisoned two additional people. The first was a man named Trần Văn Khôi, who was killed for their motorbike, followed soon after by a woman named Vi Thị Thanh. Using their previous victim's motorbike, Văn drove Thanh to the hospital, where they later died. Then, under the alias of Lâm Anh Đào, Văn appropriated their victim's clothing store and sold some land they owned in the Bù Đăng district for 40 million đồng.
In the meantime, the investigators continued to quietly investigate Văn's activities and repeatedly ask them for interviews, but were denied each time. Because of this, in order to prevent them from committing any further crimes, they eventually charged their illegal possession of poison. The arrest warrant was approved, and Văn was subsequently arrested in the village of Đức Liễu on October 15.
Investigations
By early July 2002, senior investigators from three provinces had merged unsolved murders in their respective jurisdictions into one case. One officer suggested that in order for their case to be complete, they had to clarify what role Văn's husband played in it. Because of this, Quang was arrested on August 14 on charges of failure to inform on a capital crime.
On January 3, 2003, the investigating agency organized a preliminary review of the case to assess what they knew of the case so far: at that time, Khôi's body had not been located, there were few known witnesses and Văn feigned illness to avoid cooperationg with the authorities. Due to this, the lead investigator decided to ask them solely about the murder of Thanh at first. A month later, after being transferred to a new location, Văn confessed to the killing. To the investigators' shock, they admitted responsibility for further crimes, bringing their total known victim count to 13. In addition to this, there were other unverified fatalities and surviving victims, but these were not prosecuted due to a lack of evidence. When questioned about where they got the cyanide from, Văn claimed that they had bought it at a chemical store in Ho Chi Minh City's District 10.
Trial and sentence
The trial began on August 25, 2001. It became an instant sensation, as it was the first time in the country's judicial history that a defendant was charged with murdering 13 people, in what the international media called Vietnam's first prosecution of a serial killer. During the trial, Văn asserted that they were innocent, claiming that they had simply been at the crime scenes to transport the victims to the emergency room and had been forced to testify by police. On August 28, they fainted in court and caused the trial to be adjourned. Two days later, an examination by a doctor concluded that this was the result of an undetermined psychological problem.
The prosecutors sought the death sentence for Văn on three separate charges (murder, robbery and illegal possession of poison), while simultaneously seeking a sentence of 21–24 for their husband for two counts of murder and robbery. Eventually, the pair were found guilty on their respective charges, with Văn being sentenced to death while Quang received a 21-year sentence for their role as an accomplice in Khôi's murder.
Later on, both of them appealed to the Supreme People's Court: Văn claimed that their sentence was unjust, while Quang asked for a reduction. During the appellate hearing on February 1, 2005, Văn admitted to the charges of illegal possession of poison and two counts of murder and robbery, but continued to deny the remaining convictions. In the end, their sentence was upheld, but Quang's sentence was reduced from 21 to 17 years imprisonment. Văn then filed a request for a pardon to President Trần Đức Lương, but it was swiftly denied.
Execution
On October 26, 2005, Văn was executed by a firing squad at the cemetery of Thủ Dầu Một. According to Nguyễn Dũng, a member of the local Execution Council, Văn cursed and fought back the guards as they were escorted out of their cell, and later burst into tears when they heard that their pardon request had been denied. In addition, they did not them requested last meal. Shortly before their execution, they had asked for the soldiers to remove their blindfold so they could "see their relatives and the outside scenery one last time."
Aftermath
Some aspects of Văn's killing spree remains the subject of debate and speculation to this day. Lê Minh Tiến, a journalist commenting for Tuổi Trẻ, suggested that their unstable life, childhood issues and repeated prison stints led them to commit murder. In their book Criminology of Serial Poisoners, American author Michael Farrell commented that Văn was a financially-motivated killer who intentionally committed their crimes across multiple provinces, likely because it was likely the killings could be linked together that way. In the aftermath of the crimes, Nguyễn Thế Bình, a major official at the Ministry of Public Security, commented that there were four main lessons the police and public had to learn from the case: 1. the public have to be wary of strangers who take the initiative and invite them to eat; 2. the police agencies must closely monitor suspects; 3. apply new and advanced investigation techniques; and 4. the state had to take strict measures concerning the management of poisons.
See also
List of serial killers by country
Bibliography
References
1956 births
2005 deaths
20th-century criminals
21st-century criminals
21st-century executions by Vietnam
Executed Vietnamese people
Executed Vietnamese serial killers
Female serial killers
Fraudsters
Nurses convicted of killing patients
People convicted of fraud
People convicted of murder by Vietnam
People convicted of robbery
People executed for murder
People executed by Vietnam by firing squad
People from Ho Chi Minh City
Poisoners
Vietnamese people convicted of murder
John Godard (fl. 1377–1402) of Sandwich, Kent served as an English Member of Parliament for Sandwich in the parliaments of January 1377, 1386, 1395, January 1397, 1399 and 1402.
References
14th-century births
15th-century deaths
People from Sandwich, Kent
14th-century English people
15th-century English people
English MPs January 1377
English MPs 1386
English MPs 1395
English MPs January 1397
English MPs 1399
English MPs 1402
Imperial Entomologist was a position in British India for an entomologist, it was created mainly for applied entomology in pest control and for utilization of useful insects such as honey bees, lac insects, and who was also involved in research and developing control measures against insects of veterinary and medical importance. The position was abolished after Indian independence in 1947.
The position was occupied by:
1903–1912 Harold Maxwell-Lefroy who replaced the government position of entomologist briefly held by Lionel de Niceville in 1901
1913–1934 Thomas Bainbrigge Fletcher
Muhammad Afzal Husain (Acting Imperial Entomologist, 1926)
1934–c.1944 Hem Singh Pruthi
c.1944–1947 P.V. Isaac
1947 Position abolished
In 1907 Frank Milburn Howlett was appointed Second (ie Deputy) Entomologist; they were given the title Imperial Pathological Entomologist in 1912.
Elaborations are jazz saxophonist Arthur Blythe's fifth album for the Columbia label, recorded in New York City in 1982.
Reception
The AllMusic review by Scott Yanow states: "This post bop music (which falls between advanced hard bop and the avant-garde) is well worth several listens".
Track listing
All compositions by Arthur Blythe except as indicated
"Elaborations" - 7:23
"Metamorphosis" - 6:18
"Sister Daisy" - 7:17
"One Mint Julep" (Rudolph Toombs) - 4:54
"Shadows" - 4:25
"Lower Nile" - 10:37
Recorded at CBS Recording Studios, New York
Personnel
Arthur Blythe - alto saxophone
Abdul Wadud - cello
Kelvyn Bell - guitar
Bob Stewart - tuba
Bobby Battle - drums
Wilbur Morris - bass (track 3)
Muhammad Abdullah - congas (track 6)
References
1982 albums
Columbia Records albums
Arthur Blythe albums
Anatomy of Greed is a 2002 book by Brian Cruver, a former Enron employee, detailing the Enron scandal. The book is written as a first-hand account of the Enron story, covering their personal experiences working at the company as well as the experiences of several unnamed associates. Released by Avalon Publishing in the United States and by Random House in Europe, it was the first major non-fiction work written about the Enron scandal.
In 2003, CBS aired a television movie based on Cruver's book entitled The Crooked E: The Unshredded Truth About Enron starring Brian Dennehy, Christian Kane and Mike Farrell, directed by Penelope Spheeris, which was a ratings hit for the network.
See also
Accounting scandals
Arthur Andersen
References
Books about the Enron scandal
2002 non-fiction books
Ieuan ab Owain Glyndŵr was reputedly the illegitimate son of the last native Welsh Prince of Wales; Owain Glyndŵr. The possibility of their existence was uncovered through the work of Peter Bartrum which is currently being edited by the University of Wales Aberystwyth. Ieuan ab Owain and their descendants are detailed in Peniarth Manuscript 287 in the hand of Robert Vaughan of Hengwrt (c.1592-1667) and also in the manuscript known as Harley 1969 by Griffith Hughes (1634–1665) - the original manuscripts are kept at the National Library of Wales, Aberystwyth and the British Library respectively.
Ieuan, who is thought to have been born around 1380 and to have died around 1430, is thought to have had three sons:
Maredudd ab Ieuan ab Owain Glyndŵr
Robert ab Ieuan ab Owain Glyndŵr
Iorwerth ab Ieuan ab Owain Glyndŵr
Manuscript sources
Robert Vaughan of Hengwrt (1592–1667), Peniarth 287 (folio 376),
Griffith Hughes (1634–1665), Harley 1969 (folio 19)
References
P. C. Bartrum, Welsh Genealogies A.D. 300 - 1400, 8 volumes (University of Wales Press, Cardiff, 1974). Bleddyn ap Cynfyn 5; Bleddyn ap Cynfyn 5 (A) (pages 32 and 67) and P. C. Bartrum, Welsh Genealogies AD 1400-1500, 18 volumes (National Library of Wales, 1983).
The Bartrum Project, Department of Welsh, University of Wales, Aberystwyth
1380 births
1430 deaths
Welsh royalty
KEYU may refer to:
KEYU (TV), a television station (channel 31) licensed to serve Borger, Texas, United States
KVWE (FM), a radio station (102.9 FM) licensed to serve Amarillo, Texas, which held the call sign KEYU-FM from 2014 to 2019
John Parkinson Dehlin is an American podcast host and excommunicated member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). They hold a PhD in psychology. Dehlin founded the Mormon Stories Podcast, as well as several other Mormon-themed podcasts, blogs, and web sites. They were an influential early participant in the Mormon blogosphere, and blogs at Patheos.com. They have advocated for the rights of skeptics in Mormonism, LGBT rights, equality for women, and other individual views outside mainstream Mormonism.
Early life and education
Born in Boise, Idaho, and raised in Katy, Texas, they attended Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo, Utah. They graduated summa cum laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree in political science in 1993. In 2007, Dehlin also completed a Master of Science degree in Instructional Technology. In 2015, they received their doctorate in clinical and counseling psychology from Utah State University.
Career
Early career
After graduation, Dehlin worked for five years in software and as a consultant for Bain & Company, Arthur Andersen, Citicorp, Heidrick & Struggles, and the LDS Church. They then worked at Microsoft for seven years in programs for developers, marketing, speech technologies, and product demos.
In 2004, Dehlin moved to Logan, Utah, to begin work under David A. Wiley at Utah State University (USU) on OpenCourseWare-related projects. Dehlin would serve two years as USU's OpenCourseWare Consortium Coordinator and Director of Outreach for the Center for Open and Sustainable Learning, promoting OpenCourseWare to other universities, and a few years as director of the OpenCourseWare Consortium for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. In January 2007, MIT hired Dehlin as the Director of the OpenCourseWare Consortium.
Sunstone
During Dehlin's early career developing massive open online courses (MOOCs) they had branched into Latter-day Saint themed new media. Dehlin approached the Sunstone Education Foundation and presented to its Board of Directors about the importance of participating in developing internet communities through blogging and podcasting, in order to address the then limited internet presence for constructive Mormon intellectual sources. The Board accepted their offer to initiate these programs and, in September 2005, Dehlin joined the Board of Directors and began a Sunstone podcast as well as SunstoneBlog. In July 2007, they also became executive director of the Sunstone Education Foundation, in which they were to focus on strategic initiatives to strengthen Sunstone's position as an open forum for Mormon issues. In that role, they increased organizational focus on its longstanding motto, "faith seeking understanding", and worked to attract new and younger membership. Dehlin resigned from Sunstone in January 2008.
Mormon Stories
In September 2005, after experiencing doubts in their faith and subsequently finding reasons to remain a member of the LDS Church, Dehlin created the Mormon Stories podcast as an open discussion of Mormon issues, intending to give listeners reasons to remain in the church. Through interviews, Mormon Stories focused on varying Mormon experiences and perspectives. Mormon Stories has been featured in many venues, including being broadcast on KVNU in Logan, Utah.
Intermittently conflicted about continuing Mormon Stories, Dehlin stopped and restarted the project a few times. In January 2010 Dehlin resumed the blog and podcast, focusing on faith crises and mental illness. The podcast has featured many notable guests, beginning with interviews of Joanna Brooks and John C. Hamer. Two other regular hosts joined Dehlin in conducting interviews for the podcast: Dan Wotherspoon, former editor of Sunstone magazine; and Natasha Helfer Parker, a licensed clinical marriage and family therapist.
Other blogs
In June 2007, Dehlin started Mormon Matters as a blog and weekly podcast. The format was a discussion panel on events, culture, politics and spirituality within Mormonism. Panelists were to represent different sides of each issue, although the show later struggled to retain regular conservative LDS panelists. In early 2008, Dehlin converted Mormon Matters into a group blog and lessened emphasis on new podcast episodes,. Dehlin resumed the Mormon Matters podcast on March 5, 2011 with Dan Wotherspoon as the host, and Joanna Brooks as a frequent co-host.
Dehlin is also the co-founder of the pro-LGBT Mormons for Marriage website. They co-founded Stay LDS, a community that was dedicated to helping unorthodox Mormons stay in the LDS Church.
Dehlin briefly blogged at a non-partisan religion website Patheos.com in a current-issues/events dialogue format with Mormon studies scholar Patrick Q. Mason.
LDS Church membership
From 1988 to 1990, Dehlin served as an LDS Church missionary in Guatemala. According to Dehlin, their mission began baptizing up to 700 converts per month using practices they believed to be deceptive. After reporting this to their mission president, Dehlin was transferred to an area that stoked their allergies, and they were subsequently sent home. They chose to resume mission service, and was reassigned to finish their two-year missionary term in Tempe, Arizona. Dehlin remained an active, faithful member of the LDS Church for the next 20 years.
In the Spring of 2011, Dehlin stated they had become inactive in the LDS Church (i.e., not attending weekly services), citing an inability to believe some of the church's claims. In 2014, Dehlin was investigated by their local church leaders regarding their online activity, culminating in a request by Dehlin for greater privacy.
Prior to 2014, Dehlin had faced church disciplinary hearings without any resulting disciplinary action. In January 2015, Dehlin's stake president initiated another disciplinary council, which determined Dehlin's online activity constituted apostasy. They were excommunicated for "conduct contrary to the laws and order of the church." Dehlin appealed to the First Presidency on March 10, 2015, stating their actions had not met the church's definition of apostasy. In July and August 2015, the First Presidency notified Dehlin via their stake president of the denial of their appeal.
As of 2015, Dehlin still considered themselves LDS. In 2021, John Dehlin further continued the development of their podcast on the trajectory towards helping people recognize the damage which high demand religions such as the LDS Church can cause.
See also
Jeremy Runnells
Kate Kelly (feminist)
References
External links
Official site
Mormon Stories, Dehlin's most well-known blog and podcast
Dehlin's list of episodes for Mormon Stories, Sunstone, and Mormon Matters
"5 Questions After 5 Years – From A Longtime 'Nacle Wannabe," by John Dehlin
Ldspsychology.com, one of Dehlin's blogs, started in 2009
Multi-media
WorldCat
20th-century Mormon missionaries
American male bloggers
American bloggers
Former Latter Day Saints
American Mormon missionaries in Guatemala
American men podcasters
American podcasters
Brigham Young University alumni
LGBT rights activists from the United States
Living people
Mormon studies scholars
Mormon bloggers
OpenCourseWare
Utah State University alumni
21st-century American historians
American male non-fiction writers
People excommunicated by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
1969 births
21st-century American male writers
